
Trapped Ch. 3   "Angela"
----------------------------------------------
Mexican domestic blackmailed into sex by her employer, he takes
her three beautiful daughters as well.

MF-Mf-ff-Ff-BDSM-violence-language
-----------------------------------------------


The idea for this story came from a member of AOL who declined to
allow me to give him credit. But he knows who he his and how
grateful I am for the idea.


By William DuPain and unknown



He woke the next morning with the beautiful Siren still beside
him her face peaceful, her rich, thick hair, everywhere. He
didn't have the heart to wake the slumbering vixen so he eased
out of bed as carefully as he could to seek his pee and morning
tea.


He pee d', scrubbed his teeth, washed his hands and headed
downstairs for tea, Maria was there already and gave him a
pouting look as he entered. He stood next to the prep island
seeking a bag and cup, but she already had it steeped, with milk
and sugar, the way he liked it.


"You didn't come last night Roberto, did my statement disturb
you?" she asked.


"No Maria it wasn't that," he replied.


"Are you ready to throw me away already Roberto?" she teased, as
her hand slid seductively down the front of his boxers.


"No, never, my wicked little enchantress," he teased right back.


He sat the cup down and took her in his arms and looked down into
her eyes, they were bright with expectation, then he kissed her.
His desire sprang forth and pressed her body with the warmth of
its rushing blood.


Her warm hand slipped down to caress him, as she looked into his
eyes and smiled. He kissed her again, as her hand stirred his
blood and set his cock lurching. It was then that Angela strode
into the kitchen as they embraced, her little princess attitude
dragging along behind her as usual.


There was something about Angela that Robert just couldn't
stomach and there by the early light of morning, it dawned on him
exactly what it was. She possessed the same self centered, self
righteous, condemning attitude his ex-wife had owned.


Then he realized too, she even sounded something like Lorraine,
of course she snubbed him, as she seated herself as the queen of
the kitchen!


Strange, he pondered internally just how little good looks really
mean when one owns a stone cold attitude like hers. But he would
still fuck her he thought. Maria had to take Imelda to the doctor
later for some immunization shots and that would be the perfect
time to spring his little trap.


The embrace now prematurely over, he turned slapping Maria's
bottom gently. and left the kitchen.


--------------------------------

Later that afternoon he slipped down to the kitchen for a glass
of wine and Angela was there; she was dressed in a short white,
single piece dress, with red heels and belt. It showed the narrow
waist and flaring hips beautifully and hugged the rise of her
sixteen-year-old ass spectacularly.


He slipped up behind were she was seated, and bending down kissed
the side of her neck, making her jump somewhat in her seat. She
jerked her shoulder away and then turned and glared at him.


"I know what momma promised you, and how you blackmailed her to
use her body you evil man, but you won't get me, I'll never give
myself to a homely, evil person like you!" she screeched.


No doubt about it, she had Lorraine's attitude all right he
thought!


Robert shoved his hand up her skirt with a cruel smile on his
face, as his fingers nestled themselves in the crease of her
cunt. Her eyes went wide with anger at the feel of his touch
against her hot cunt, and her hand struck the side of his face.


He was angered instantly and his free hand grabbed her young,
firm breast, and squeezed with tremendous force. She froze, as
the pain registered in her brain and her mouth opened to scream.
She stood there and shook, as searing fire shot from her chest
and her eyes filled with tears.


He slapped her, the force of the blow sending her body to the
floor immediately. Angela lay there stunned, the side of her face
still hot from the impact of his hand, her dress up around her
hips, her legs obscenely parted. Robert couldn't help but gaze
down at her panty covered crotch and smooth inner thighs, as she
collected her wits about her again.


Her eyes were nothing but lanterns of pure smoldering hatred, as
she looked up at him and found him eyeing her exposed gusset
panel.


"Is that what you like senor, looking at my young hairless pussy,
would you like to watch me play with it sometime Roberto. I do
you know, but I never think of you when I do that," she told him
as her fingers seductively stroked the front of her mound, and
her hips rose suggestively before him.


"Would you like to impale me my great lover, as you have my
mother? I'm young, and you know I will be very tight around your
big man beast, please tell me how you long to take me in your
arms and have me Roberto," her voice contemptuous, as she
deliberately taunted him.


"Bastard!!" she hissed, as she rose from the floor and headed for
her room.


She was a revelation of hatred in flux he decided, as he watched
the sway of her hips, and Robert was not yet sure what he should
do with her. He headed for the study and closed the door behind
him as he prepared to check messages on his cell.


------------------------------


Later that evening, as he sat at the dinner table with a snifter
of warm blackberry brandy He informed Maria and company that
there was to be get party for some of his friends there next
Friday evening.


Over the next week, Maria, being very efficient at running
anyone's household took care of securing the extra food and drink
for the event. By the time Friday arrived the house was
immaculate and the pantries and fridge bulging.


At about six-thirty guest began to arrive, he was very proud of
the effort Maria and her daughters had made to make themselves
presentable, they were all lovely. Imelda, being the shyest had
elected to stay in her room most of the night.


He found Carmela with a tray of drinks and taking her arm he led
her to the edge of the room for privacy.


"Listen my dear, there is a variety of economic and social
backgrounds here tonight, and it may be that some male hands here
are quick. Be careful Carmela, if you need help scream, I'll find
you," he told her.


"Why Roberto, are you trying to protect me ... why, I'm
flattered," she said as her eyes flirted with him.


"Yes my heart, I suppose I am," he said.



"Why thank you sir, I promise to be careful and keep myself
chaste just for you Roberto," she told him smiling. She was
trying to be as subtle about it as she could, because she was
already aware of his feelings for her.


He kissed her standing there, and the soft magic of her lips took
years away from him. When she finally turned him loose, it was
Robert that stood shaken and breathless.


"Carmela," was all he got out, because she held a finger up to
his lips to stop his words.


"I know Roberto, and I'm in love with you too!" she told him, her
radiant eyes unflinching, held out the truth of her words for his
soul to examine.


He smiled; it was a stupid smile, because he was a teenager
again, in love with his high school sweetheart. She new he was at
a loss, so Carmela stretched up and kissed him lightly, then
danced away to attend her duties, her heart more alive than it
had ever been in her life.


By seven p.m. there were about ten couples and several single
males present, the girls kept circulating with the trays of
foodstuffs and alcoholic beverages to keep the group going.


There were construction workers, a banker, a stockbroker, an
electrician, and even one schoolteacher present; the group
embraced nearly every occupational strata of the American
economy.


Robert kept a close eye on Carmela, and in the process noted
Angela's notorious flirtations with almost every male in the
house, the girl was definitely repressed he decided. The only
duty Robert was left with was changing the sound system "CD"
player when it ended.


He watched Angela in a dark corner of the room with one of the
unaccompanied young men and it looked as if his hands were having
some serious fun at the junction of her legs as she kissed him.


He had no doubt she'd wind up getting her brains fucked out
before the night was over.


He then noticed Maria with flushed cheeks filling another tray
with snacks and stepped over to say hello.


"How's it going Maria," he asked her.


"It's a busy crowd Roberto with busy hands sometimes," she
smiled.


"Why Maria, are you in sexual stress?" he asked, half kidding.


She flashed her best come-on smile and said, "I may need to visit
you tonight, my beautiful man-beast!"


He chuckled, then swatted her bottom lightly and left her to her
chores, as he headed out to mingle. As Robert mingled on the edge
of the crowd his eyes happened to catch sight of Angela again,
her hand firmly grasping the cock of one of the other males from
the group, as her previous suitor stood next to her smiling and
taking it all in.


It was not a good party practice, things like this could so
easily get out of hand, he would keep an eye on her and perhaps
cut off her strong drink if her behavior continued in this
direction he thought. In a way, he was rather glad now that
Imelda had decided not to come down and mingle tonight.


About ten minutes later he saw one of the older male guest head
upstairs and then not long after Angela and the two men she had
been flirting with drifted up as well. He had a very bad feeling
about it, as he watched the trio ascend the stairs.


After about ten minutes with no bodies returning to the main
group he terminated his conversation with apologies to the guest
he was speaking with, and headed up. He wondered down the hall
knowing it wouldn't be difficult to find a group of four young
adults.


He neared the large second story bath at the end of the hall,
heard angry voices from Carmela's room so he decided to look in,
and opened the door. There she was, half undressed on the bed,
one guy with cock out crawling up between her legs, another at
her head holding her arms up over her head.


When they saw him, there was a pleading for help in her eyes, he
looked at her again and the fear in her eyes was plainly seen. He
smiled at her and started to back out of the room.


"Please Roberto, help me!" she pleaded.


He noted how the look in her eyes had changed from fear to
complete surprise, as he slowly closed the door on the four of
them. Robert turned and headed down the hallway to return to the
party and his guest.


-----------------------------------------

Once he was back downstairs he stood sipping a glass of Champaign
he'd lifted from the counter as Carmela approached him with her
empty tray.


"Sir, sometime soon could we do that one thing you did to me
again?" she asked sweetly.


"She'd caught him off guard, "What thing would that be dear?"


"You know lover ... that one thing from behind," she said shyly,
as her cheek nuzzled his shoulder.


It took another second or two for Robert to realize she meant
anal sex, and then he smiled wide! "Yes of course dear, you know
I'd do anything I could for you!"


Robert was ecstatic, here the woman he most admired in his life
had just declared herself an anal sex addict to him, and asked
him for treatment, life was getting good!

------------------------------------------

Angela felt a tear slide down her cheek, after Roberto had closed
the door on her and the three men in the room with her. She
couldn't really fault him after her treatment of him she knew.


She felt the man behind her reach up under her dress and rip her
underpants from her body, and she knew she was about to become
the evenings sexual sacrifice upon the alter of his lust.


The man in front of her pushed at her lips with his hard, hot
cock, and she quickly turned her face away in disgust.


"Don't play virgin with me bitch, not after the way you acted
downstairs, jacking my cock under my pants and all. We know what
you are slut, and we know what you need," he told her.


She felt her vaginal passage spread wide, and the next sensation
was that of searing pain, as the young man took her from behind,
his cock ripping through her like a rusty saw. When she opened
her mouth to scream the older man in front shoved his hard member
deeply down her throat and she immediately gagged.


As she wretched her insides flexed, making her passage massage
itself around the driving beast in her cunt.


"Holy shit, this bitch is incredibly tight," she heard the man
behind her say.


He finished not long after, filling her tight passage with his
hot, sticky, cum. As soon as he removed himself the other fellow
moved behind her body and kneeled. And just when Angela thought
it couldn't get any worse, it did, he shoved himself full length
into her anal passage, and she began to scream around the cock in
her mouth.


There was nothing of pleasure or tenderness in this, as her body
was racked with severe pain and her mind began to retreat inside
itself seeking sanctuary. The man in her mouth exploded across
her tongue driving the head of his cock painfully down the narrow
opening of her throat, where he finished off loading his hot
seed, directly into her belly as he came.


There was cum and blood running down the inside of her legs after
the man fucking her ass had finished with her. She thought the
worst was over until he came around in front of her and shoved
his smelly member at her lips.


She refused him, and he grabbed a handful of her hair jerking her
head up and slapped her several time across the face. Her head
was throbbing, and her ears ringing, when she finally opened her
mouth and allowed his entry. She could taste, and smell, the foul
residue of her own heinous filth as he used her to cleans his
manhood.


She slipped into a place in her mind where she was present, but
not directly included, in the events that followed after that.
They used her until their cocks could no longer rise to firmness
on their own, and then she was forced to suck them to firmness
again, one by one, to allow them their final joys in her bloody,
ravished body.


For an hour and a half, she was abused at the hands of the very
lust her own outrageous behavior had prompted, in the men that
took her. Their were no tender words or hail at the parting when
they finished, they simply left her there alone.


She collapsed on the sheets below, now stained with their come,
and her blood, and lay there while her body throbbed deeply in
the anguish of its trauma, and cried.


Robert waited until he saw the trio descend the stairs and then
he took a small glass of wine in hand, and headed upstairs. He
hadn't been exactly sure what to expect when he came in, but he
could now see that he should have interfered before. He entered
Angela's bedroom and sat the glass on her nightstand, then went
to the bath to get a damp cloth.


He sat down on the bed beside her, she stirred, and when she saw
that it was him, she rushed to put her arms around him and began
to sob. It was nothing but unbridled emotion of the worst kind
that drove her mournful sobs against his shoulder.


He soothed her and stroked her matted hair and she calmed a
little, while his hands gently stroked her shoulder. Then she did
something odd she softly kissed his cheek and then his lips.


"I thought you were so terrible, but your not, I wish I had seen
it before," she whispered, as she kissed him again. It was not a
sexual kiss but a kind of apology thing.


"I don't blame you for leaving me here," she said, as her tears
rolled again, "I was a bitch toward you."


"Its all over now Angela," he told her as he started to wipe her
face and clean her up a little. "Clean up Ms. Sanchez and come
downstairs when you're finished, please, and take wine with me,"
he told her.


Robert went downstairs and found the two young men that had taken
Angela upstairs and escorted them outside, the older fellow
having already left. They didn't return, but he did, with his
shirt ripped, his lip bleeding and his knuckles cut deeply from
the beating he had given the two.


He sat at the table away from the crowd, which was mostly
centered in the huge living room. He spied Angela making her way
downstairs, her eyes touching no one, as she made her way to his
seat.


He bid her close, and seated her on his lap, then slid the glass
of Lambrusco he had already poured for her in front of her. She
sipped, and he whispered to her that she was a vision of beauty
tonight, and that he had missed her elegant presence when she
left the room.


She began to cry again, and sat her glass down then hugged him;
she buried her face against his neck. His hands soothed the
distraught young woman once more and he said nothing more to her,
she was asleep not long after and he carried her upstairs to her
room and put her to bed.

-------------------------------------

Carmela was coming down the hallway as he closed the door to her
room and moved to stand beside him. Her hand moved over and
caressed his as she smiled up at him.


"Roberto, may I see you now?" she asked coquettishly.


He took her hand, led her to his room across the hallway, closed
the door behind them, and locked it. He turned to Carmela and
took her in his arms his hands hungry to know her again.


"Did you mean what you said earlier Carmela?" he asked.


"Oh my darling you have no idea how much love there is in this
heart for you! Oh mi querido usted no tiene ninguna idea cunto
amor all est en este corazn para usted!


"I waited for you to claim me and when you didn't, I thought I
should find a way to let you know myself," she explained.


Carmela felt the slow, gentle ascent; of his fingers stir her
flesh as they rose on her inner thigh. And she felt her lips
began to swell between her legs, before his hand even came close
to touching them. He paused near her junction, and she trembled,
as her folds sensed the heat of his hand radiating against them.


"Please, touch me Master!" she whispered.


"Show me how my beautiful slave," he said.


Without opening her eyes she reached down, placed her hand over
his, and moved it to her hot folds. Carmela shook, as she guided
his hand to her clit and circled it gently with his fingers.


"Look at me my dear," he said softly.


She opened her eyes and was timid with her glance.


He smiled at her, as his finger began to give her the pleasure
she was begging, her head went back slightly and her eyes half
closed, as sensations of beauty began to fill her young body and
make her heart burn within.


He flicked her clit gently, and her back arched, thrusting her
pelvis out against his hand in a silent plea for more. So Robert
gave her more and she gasped, as her eyes closed completely with
the sweeping presence of her pulsing lust.


"Oh mi Diablo, cmo usted hace estas cosas a m? Oh my devil, how
do you do these things to me?" she whispered to him.


He stopped to go and pick up his crop, and then tapped her ankles
lightly to urge them wider; Carmela instantly widened her stance
for him. He tapped softly over her clit and she moaned lightly,
he tapped again and a tremor passed through her body.


Robert would continue, then stop, and suck her sensitive nipple
until she calmed before continuing again. Until at last she
cringed with her eyes misting and said "take me love please take
me," but Robert didn't take her.


He continued his caress of her body with the ominous device until
her body shook and her mouth opened boldly, proclaiming her need
to him without shame. The palette of her inflection was
influenced sweetly by the subtle craft of his worthy hands, as
his device carefully constructed the passion within her.


She stood, shaking inside, her legs weak, as she felt the first
trickle of warm fluid, tickle its way down the inside of her
thigh, trailing a path of liquid warmth along the way, as it
slowly journeyed on its way to her ankle! His fingers were
against her in the moment, then he leaned forward, and his tongue
shocked her with its touch.


Her cheeks flamed high crimson, as the intense heat of her
embarrassment dramatically overpowered her surging emotions
within, and her heart went shy in front of him again. He knew,
but both his hands and his words, became careful not to wound
this budding sexuality, now in bloom before him.


"Its difficult for me to know which you love more little one, me
or my whip," he taunted playfully.


"Oh my lover, if you could sense what I feel at this moment you
would know, you would know how deeply I care about you Roberto,"
she whispered, as her eyes revealed it to him.


When he finished, the inside of her thighs were covered with the
hot, spicy fluids, of her passion. And as he held the end of the
crop still, over her crevice, her body began to thrust forward
impatiently, seeking its sweet caress once more.


"Oh Roberto, I do love the kiss of your leather my love," she
sighed.


"Undress my dear, I need to secure you to the bed," he told her.


He kissed her before ordering her to lie down, and her hunger was
intense. He tied Carmela to his headboard her beautiful breast
rose proudly in that position, she looked so shy and helpless
laying there and his heart was overcome by her beauty.


He ran his hand down the center of her body slowly until it found
its way between her legs; she arched high against it and pulled
against her restraints, as he played there in the thick slippery
spice of her body. His fingers drove her frustration near pain
within her, as she pleaded with him to fuck her.


When she arched her body high seeking his hand again, the truth
in the man could not deny, his flesh was aroused at the sight of
her hunger. He trailed the back of his warm hand up the length of
her body and paused to twist, and tease, her inflamed nipples
until she twisted frantically beneath it.


"Please Roberto, please take me!!" she pleaded.


He shoved his finger deep into body, found her seething, and wet.
He pulled it out after only a couple of strokes and lightly
pinched her clit. She arched again, high, without shame needing
relief from the pounding need in her body! Robert crop kissed the
sensitive flesh of her vulva lightly once more, and then burned
within, as she writhed below him and begged even more intensely.


"Please Roberto, I beg you, take me!!" she said, as she twisted
frantically beneath him, "please, please, I beg you!" she recited
pitifully.


His fingers swirled around her clit quickly and produced a short
staccato of gasps from the impassioned young woman, as she arced
hungrily, seeking the continued reward of her love at the end of
his fingertips.


"What was it you wanted me to do exactly dear?" he asked
deliberately.


"You know what I want you to do bastard, you can do anything you
like to me, just please, fuck me," she spat with deep
frustration.


Never before had he heard a woman beg with such sincerity, and it
made him ache for the comfort of her soft flesh. Robert felt his
own sense of self-control slipping, as he witnessed the
desperation of her longing for him.


He had played enough, he could wait no longer, he aligned his
cock with her swollen entrance and plunged deeply in to her, and
pounded her without mercy. With spectacular effort she ground her
pussy up against his cock, slamming it against his pelvis with
every bit of force she could muster.


He smiled down on her and began to pull out.


"No Roberto, No ... please Roberto!!" she sobbed.


She was his now, he knew, and she would never belong to another
this way, and his soul was inspired to love by the knowledge. He
hammered her again, as she arched high and screamed with the
anguished mix of her desperation and intense pleasure. She came
with her juices pouring from her body, begging him for more,
before the pitch of her orgasm had even passed her.


He almost laughed out loud with the joy that exploded inside him,
as he watched her writhe through her conclusion, delirious and
fevered. No woman, no drink, no win, had ever in his life
affected his heart the way she did.

And he had never loved anything the way he loved her in that
moment.


He untied her hands and her arms immediately went about his neck,
she kept rocking her pelvis against him, as her frenzied kiss
stirred his spirit to another challenge, and she came again
beneath him, swearing she would love him forever.


Her body was still hot from the recent romp as she languished in
his arms and nuzzled him with her cheek. She was at home here
next to him, this is where she was meant to be she knew, and she
was happy that he knew it as well now.


"My Lord, may I move in here with you?" she asked softly.


"If you'd like Carmela," he replied.


"Can we do that one thing that you do from behind me now
Roberto?" she asked gently.


He was in heaven when she was with him, her every word a thing of
joy, every smile an old familiar love song. He made love to her
"that way from behind," and she came screaming and shaking in
front of him, and then collapsed on the bed. She went to the bath
to clean up a bit, then returned and snuggled against him and
fell asleep.


He lay there, as she slept at his side, thinking, he was in love
again, and if it should eventually tear his heart apart, these
moments with her now, were worth the risk of all the pain in the
world.

They didn't return to the party and Maria closed up shop that
night.
-------------------------------------

End part 3                         WilliamDuPain@gmail.com






