The succubus never got angry when the young man scratched her waist with his nails. She no longer knew what anger felt like. The discomfort was extreme, and it was reality for a long time. Very long time.
It had been more than 10 years. Maybe 20 years. Maybe she was born in the dark, and her memories were just dreams. The necromancer who had summoned her to the earth had died years ago. Also the temple leader, who killed her summoner and dragged her to the temple, had died long ago. The only person who remembered them all was the succubus. But she wasn't a human. She was some kind of stuff. She didn't even have a name. She had forgot her real name a long time ago. She even forgot the false names she gave to the summoners. She was just a succubus.
She was on her knees, with her hands hanging from the stone wall. She couln't see her red skin. Her skin was blackened from dirt, except for her cheeks, between her legs and her nipples. The horns had cut off. The templars controlled her body for years, experimenting on it and casting spells. None of them were no longer investigating her existence. All they did was go down to the basement every night and fuck her until morning, like now.
The succubus moaned quietly as the same nails redrawed the same spot. Despite everything, she could feel the pain. The templars always reminded the succubus of it. The young member kept pushing his cock into her red folds back and forth while the succubus' butt was slamming against the cold stone wall. After a while, his breath and moaning increased. He grabbed her by her thighs, pulled her to himself, put his other hand on her butt and drew it there with his fingernails. The succubus felt the semen filled her vagina. There was no excitement. For years, more than fifty different men had emptied their semen into her. More than once. She no longer paid much attention to their faces, but this young man wasn't experience this excitement for the first time.
When the young man stood up and waved his penis in front of her, he didn't have to say anything. As long as she was in this basement, everyone was like a summoner. She didn't know why they kept her hands chained. They were afraid of something. These fears were certainly not a hope for the succubus. She opened her mouth widely and waited for his penis. Nobody expected her to lick. They were all pushing their cocks up to her throat and fucking it like her quim.
She closed her burgundy eyes as the young member forced his penis all the way into her mouth. The wet member filled back of her throat. At least she didn't have to look. She could hold her breath for a long time, but the young man couldn't force her too much. Her held her black strands firmly with both hands and pulled her head to his penis. Her nose sniffed his disgusting public hair. The man pulled her head back and pulled it again. After a few harsh thursts, his fists became more tight and the succubus immediately swallowed every drop that filled her mouth. A few wave of semen was no problem for her. The waves stopped, but the man didn't take his penis out of her mouth for a few minutes. Finally, with a hard punch in the head, her mouth broke out of his member. The man pulled his panties and gray trousers back and turned away.
She looked at his back, spat some semen behind him. She wasn't finished yet. There were a few other people waiting outside. The succubus wondered if someone was making any money. Perhaps the old temple had long been a brothel.
She didn't have to wait long. A short man opened the door with excitement and grinned at her disgustingly. The succubus just spread her legs again and waited. She wanted the night to end as soon as possible.
The man stood in front of her and quickly lowered his pants and panties. When a painful scream and curses rose from the outside, the man and the succubus remained motionless. The painful screams increased.
"Whore!"
"Run! Run away!"
"F-fuck! My Hand!"
The walls trembled. After a horrible time the painful screams were replaced by a deep silence. Whatever the danger was, the succubus didn't care, but the man in front of her trembled with fear. He put on his clothes and started running to the door. Before he could reach the entrance, the door broke off and shattered. Pieces of wood scattered all over the room. A dark silhouette showed up at the threshold. The man shouted and knelt.
"Mercy! Mercy!"
The human at the door ignored his beggings and continued to look intently inside and removed the hood. A woman. Before the succubus could pay more attention, the man between them was torn to pieces. His body parts scattered all around the basement. Ironically, the succubus was convinced that the part that fell in front of her was the man's penis. Now, only silence was dominant in the temple.
When the woman took her first step inside, the succubus felt something after a long time. Fear. Why was she afraid? Only a living could be afraid. She died long time ago.
The woman raised her skirt slightly with both hands and continued to walk towards her. When the woman finally stood before her, the succubus could see the details. Her raven hair, near dark blue was passing her shoulders. There was amazement in her blue eyes. The succubus looked for any sign or emblem on her gown but couldn't find any. Her cloak and long dress were only black. She raised an eyebrow and spoke in an excited tone.
"Amazing... They were really hiding a succubus."
When the sorceress kneeled in front of her, the succubus saw her face better. The pale human was absolutely pretty. And she was smiling! What was the cause? She wanted to save her? She wanted to destroy her? Both were great.
"Allright, succubus. Can you speak?"
Succubus didn't remember the last time she had spoke. But she tried to talk. She cleared her throat and coughed for a long time before saying anything.
"Yes! Yes... I can talk."
"Very good. What's your name?"
As the succubus slightly frowned, the human's smile faded with a thought.
"Succubuses don't give their names. I forgot. I'll call you... What about... Dimana. Like demon! Do you like it?"
She smiled again. Why was she acting like the succubus is a human? Succubuses were not worthy enough to deserve even a name. She nodded, though. She was very satisfied.
"We don't have time. Who's your summoner?"
She tried to remember his name. Fray? Fred? Fendrel? She wasn't sure.
"I don't remember. He died a long time ago."
The sorceress frowned.
"Why are you here?"
"I don't know. The Templars... They were experimenting-"
"No, why are you still here? Why didn't you return to hell when your summoner died?"
That was a good question. Her summoner was a necromancer. His body was dead, but his soul was still on earth. There was no other possibility. She just couldn't return. Her every portal requests remained unanswered.
"He was a necromancer."
The sorceress laughed and showed her white teeth.
"Even though he's dead, his soul is still on the surface and that's why you can't go."
The succubus nodded. The woman stood up again and didn't speak for a while.
"How about making a deal... Um..."
"Dimana."
She had forgotten the name she had just given, but the succubus would not forget it. She didn't want to forget. Whatever it means, it was a hope. The sorceress laughed and scratched her head with two fingers.
"Dimana. Now, I'm a sorceress but your-"
"Yes. Let's deal."
The sorceress was frowned upon by her rude attitude, but her face immediately reshaped with a wide smile. She slammed her hands each other.
"Great! We'll talk about the details, but we need to get out of here first. I'll release you, Dimana. But if you try to attack, I'll hurt you pretty much."
"Okay."
The quick answer surprised the sorceress beautifully. The succubus couldn't hurt her even if she wanted to. Not in the temple. After leaving the temple... She felt sad for her.
When the sorceress turned her right palm towards her, the succubus felt fear again, but the sound of the cracking chains changed the fear with a breathtaking happiness. After the locks and chains were broken completely, Dimana's hands unconsciously fell on the floor. Her wrists were swollen enough. As the succubus rubbed her wrists, the sorceress turned around and walked slowly to the entrance. She turned her back on a succubus. Either she was stupid or she had an eye on her back. As Dimana stood up slowly, her entire body whined. She felt... Reborn. For a moment she tried to open the gates of hell again, but it didn't work like her numerous other attempts.
"Come on, Dimana."
The sorceress was waiting for her at the door. She smiled when the succubus started walking. She could walk. Her tail was wagging with joy.
She gave up a decision when she heard the sorceress' cheerful laugh. She wasn't gonna kill her. Not even a succubus could reward that favor with death. No, she'd try to get her away first, then try to run away. Without harming her.
The walls of the temple were had painted with blood. The smell of burned flesh had spread throughout the hall. The bodies of the men who filled her body with their semen every night were standing motionless on the floor. The sorceress put the hood on her head and headed towards the entrance of the temple. Dimana moaned as she looked out the door. She had missed. Fresh air, full moon, stars, power, horses, life...
The sorceress went down and quickly jumped on the black horse in front of the temple.
"Can you ride a horse?"
She wasn't even used to walking yet. It wasn't important, she had to get away from her immediately. She could no longer feel the shield of the temple. Her power was in her hand. It didn't take her long to get used to it. She stopped and turned her burgundy eyes to the sorceress.
"I don't know who you are, but... Thank you for saving me."
The sorceress frowned softly and continued to listen.
"I can also thank you in different way, if you want. But that's it. I'll let you go on your own way. Just go."
The sorceress remained silent for a while and then got off her horse. When she took a step towards the succubus, Dimana spoke again, lauder and sharper.
"I don't want to hurt you! Leave!"
The sorceress continued to approach. Maybe a warning could work. The succubus turned her eyes to the front of the sorceress. A small fireball exploded in the soil. The sorceress didn't mind at all and kept walking. Her steps easily surpassed the orange flames. She was absolutely powerful. Dimana squeezed her teeth anxiously. There were houses down the hill from the temple. No, she had to stay on the hill. She looked at the garden of the temple. She could run to the right and head towards the ridge of the hill.
When the sorceress' foot landed on the stairs of the temple, she made up her mind. She didn't have much time. She wagged her tail, balanced her crimson body and took a step forward. The sorceress spoke before her feet were cut off the floor.
"Don't, Dimana."
She was waiting on the spot. The succubus ignored her and jumped. She rose a few feet off the ground, her black hair fluttering. When she glanced down at the sorceress, she only saw the flames. A fireball exploded in her belly before she could remember the shield spell. The succubus moaned in pain. Her body fell to the ground and rolled. A second fireball exploded in her chest before she had yet recovered. Flame could not harm a succubus, but the thrust of them was enough to harm. She raised her head to shout and saw the third fireball. The damn woman was trying to kill her. She tried to respond immediately. She created two fireball in both hands and... The woman was missing. Where did she go? Before the succubus understood what had happened, a hand reached out through the flames and gripped her neck firmly. Her body clung to the ground again.
"Stop!"
She looked at the woman sitting on her body. Her blue eyes shone like the moon.
"Listen to me!"
Dimana again created a fireball with her free hand, but the cold air destroyed the flames. The damn woman was so powerful! The feeling of helplessness paralyzed her body.
"I won't hurt you either, Dimana! Just listen, please!"
Her last word was enough to stop the succubus. Memories she didn't know when and how were filled her mind. Daggers, severed horns, severed tails, spells that melt her mind, agony. She was wondering if a succubus could cry. She was too close to learn. The sorceress stood up and put her hands on her hips.
"I was a young girl when I heard there was a succubus in the Visery Temple. I can't believe you're still that powerful."
The succubus wanted to laugh as she tried to get up quickly. She couldn't even touch her!
"Come with me, Dimana. I don't know what a succubus needs, but rest, bathe, eat, talk."
"Why?"
"Like I said, I have an offer."
When the sorceress quickly checked around, The succubus raised her voice.
"I can feel people. Nobody watches us. Tell me now."
The sorceress took a deep breath. The succubus didn't think she'd talk, but she did.
"If you help me with my works, I will find and destroy the soul who summoned you, Dimana."
That wasn't very revealing. What did she mean by works and why didn't she just summon a succubus?
"What do you mean by works?"
The sorceress crossed her arms.
"You will seduce someone and try to get information on some issues. In short, you will continue to be yourself, a succubus."
"Why me? Why didn't you summoned one?"
The sorceress smiled.
"I'm not a dark wizard. There are no dark wizards left, Dimana. You may be the last succubus on earth."
Dimana frowned. She couldn't make sense of what the sorceress said. The last succubus? That couldn't be right. It was a long time ago, but how could earth have changed so fast? Without asking any question, the sorceress spoke again.
"I'll help you, Dimana. I'll answer your all questions. I'm going to find and destroy the soul of the man who summoned you with great pleasure. Now, please come with me."
Dimana remained silent. In front of her was a very powerful and wise sorceress and she wanted to help. Help that no one will give to a succubus, last succubus. For a moment she just wanted to disappear. Like every of her kind, if what she heard was true. When she nodded quietly, the sorceress grinned and stretched out her hand and held Dimana's dirty elbow. She had to ask as the sorceress led her to the black horse.
"What is your name, human?"
"It's Minerva. Call me Minerva."