Blink
by Catherwood

Harry and Claire share some magic, and each other.

We were in a small clearing in the forest, pausing on our walk to enjoy the quiet and the solitude. I thought it would be a good place for Claire and I to play our favorite game.

"I dare you," I said.

"You first," she answered with a smile.

I quickly pulled my t-shirt over my head and tossed to the ground beside me.

"Your turn," I said.

She pulled her shirt off and dropped it.

"And..." I said, gesturing to her black sports bra.

She smiled again and she shook her head. Her bra fell beside her shirt onto the trail. She held her hands over her small breasts, teasing me, her nipples poking out between her splayed fingers.

I blinked.

We were standing at the edge of a pool. Sunlight dappled on the water. People lounging or wandering by pretending not to notice us, standing in jeans and shoes and nothing else. She cocked her head and raised her eyebrows in question. Silently, she mouthed, "I dare you."

Keeping my eyes on Claire's, I began to work at my belt.

She did the same.

I eased the zipper down a little, my pants opening enough to show the waistband of my black boxers.

She lowered her zipper. She was wearing plain white cotton panties.

I unzipped another inch, my jeans settled lower on my hips. I put my hand inside my jeans, over my crotch, and playfully adjusted myself.

She unzipped as I did, her jeans resting on her hip bones, the thumb tip of her left hand toying with the elastic of her panties. The people around us were whispering behind their hands, some pointing, some just staring, one man sneaking a hand to rub his own growing erection.

I blinked.

It was a rave. The EDM was crazy, throbbing bass I could feel in my chest, laser lights flashing, dancers in festival wears -- animal costumes and revealing spandex and loose open clothes, and less. There was plenty of grinding and groping and showing off. No one took much notice of us, except to make room for us on the dance floor.

She started to flex and rotate her hips to the beat, her hands behind her head, her tasty little tits wobbling, her jeans slipping by tiny inches down her hips.

I danced with her, keeping my distance, not wanting to touch yet, watching her tits and watching her jeans, and watching the other dancers in their own exhibitionism, watching the lights play on all the exposed skin, feeling my own pants slipping.

Impatient, she pulled her zipper slowly the rest of the way down. She slipped her fingers into the opening and eased them down over her hips, keeping up her rotations and gyrations, and her jeans fell to her knees. I saw the shadow of her trimmed bush through the white fabric of her panties. She raised her hands back up behind her head and looked at me, taunting me, thrusting her tits at me, her dancing wilder.

I did the same as her, pulling my zipper down the rest of the way. My jeans slid down to pool around my feet and I flexed my hips, thrusting my hard cock at her, outlined by my boxers, threatening to poke through the fly.

Now we were attracting some attention, a small circle of dancers gathering around us. There was a lot of encouragement for us to keep stripping. Hands reached to touch her, but she playfully batted them away.

Reluctantly, I blinked.

We sat on opposite sides of a rocking and rolling subway car. Both of us topless, both of us with our pants around our feet, me in black boxers with my hard cock tenting, she in her white panties, the shadow of her dark bush and a tiny spot of wetness at her crotch. True to subway etiquette, most of the other riders did their best not to notice us, but one woman standing in front of Claire was openly staring, and, following Claire's gaze, turned to look at me. Her eyes widened, she smiled and raised her eyebrows. But it was too hard to ignore, and men and women, seated around us and standing over us, couldn't help but notice our inappropriately exposed skin. People further down the car stood and craned their necks to see.

I leaned over and started working on the laces of my shoes. Claire did the same, her tits flattening against her thighs. We got our shoes and socks off, and sat back up, looking at each other again, waiting. Using my bare feet, I worked my crumpled jeans completely off, and pushed them aside. I put my hands on the seat beside me and opened my legs a bit. Some riders were openly staring, some got up and moved away.

Claire followed my lead and kicked her jeans off and away, opening her the gap between her thighs. The woman watching had moved so that she could see us both, her hand over her breast, absently pinching her nipple. I put my hand on my cock and very gently squeezed. Claire put her hand between her thighs rubbed up her slit once, twice. She closed her eyes.

I blinked.

A sunny day, but windy, and she shivered a bit. The street we were on was not busy, but the few passersby could not help but notice us, suddenly appearing mostly naked, me most visibly aroused, on the sidewalk. I slowly moved my hand down under the waistband of my boxers to grasp and hold my cock, feeling it throbbing with my heartbeat. Being out on this city sidewalk, boldly stroking myself in public, was suddenly, wildly exciting, more than any other place I'd been today. I had to be careful not to come.

"Dare me," I whispered.

She looked so completely exposed. She was goose-bumped and her big pink nipples were stiff. She hesitated, and followed my lead, slipped just her fingertips into her panties, the other hand up to cover a tit. She slipped her fingers further into her panties, and I could see that she was slowly stroking up and down, shuddering when she found her hard clit, her eyes closed, mouth open, breathing faster.

As soon as she opened her eyes again, and our gazes locked together, I took my hand out of my boxers and used both hands to take hold of the waistband, pulling it out away from my body. I wanted to shed this last bit of clothing and stand naked on the street, naked in front of Claire, but I was worried that I would attract too much attention -- although there was quite a crowd forming already -- and of the wrong kind. I didn't want our game to end on a bad note.

"I dare you," she said.

With one quick motion, I pulled my boxers out and down, letting them fall to my feet, my hard cock standing stiff in front of me, the breeze on this last bit of skin was exquisite, my scrotum tightening. I fought to keep from jerking myself to orgasm, and almost came just from the exposure. I heard Claire gasp, and gasps and comments from those around me watching. More people gathered to watch, some left in a hurry.

"Your turn," I said.

She paused, took a breath -- was she finally blushing? - and as I had done, grabbed the waistband of her panties and yanked them down. They dropped to her feet, and we were both naked together, standing on a city sidewalk in the middle of what had become a crowd of strangers watching us.

After all this buildup, I was finally looking at her black bush, trimmed but still a little wild and not hiding the swollen outer lips of her sex. I'd never seen her look so beautiful or vulnerable, or so naked. We both stepped aside at the same time freeing ourselves of our last scrap of clothing.

I blinked.

The beach looked deserted. The sun was warm, the gentle breeze and the sound of the waves cooling and soothing. We stood face to face, still startled at our nakedness, still very obviously aroused. We shared a few deep breaths, looked at each other's bodies, and stepped carefully toward each other. Just as we were about to touch, just before my stiff cock brushed her tangle of hair, just before her big hard nipples touched mine, we stopped. I put my hands on the sides of her head, brushing her hair aside, and we kissed, our first contact. We both tried to let it be gentle and romantic, but the kiss only opened a floodgate of pent up desire, desire that had been building all day as we watched each other revealing our bodies to each other, and to strangers at the pool, at a dance club, on a shuddering subway car, on a busy city street. Without touching, without hardly a word.

But now we felt free to finally touch, and explore each other's skin, and we rubbed and probed and pulled and kissed and sucked and bit and smelled and tasted, like two starving beggars at a lavish buffet. Slowly we lowered ourselves to the soft sand. I lay on my back, she stood poised over me.

"I dare you," I whispered.

She dropped to her knees, impaling herself on my cock in one motion, taking my entire length in with a sudden surprised gasp from both of us. There was a gush of moisture as our combined wetness mixed together. I held onto her hips, urging her to keep still, not to move, knowing that if she moved even a little bit we would both explode, and I wanted this to continue longer.

I turned my head and noticed a couple down the beach, standing watching us, their black skin stark against the white sand. I gestured to Claire to look down the beach at the couple watching us. I bumped my hips, and Claire responded, clenching herself around me, we built a slow rhythm of small movements, my hands squeezing her breasts, pulling her big nipples. She quickened her pace, fingers probing the sloppy space between us, pulling and tweaking her hard little nub, wanting them to watch us come.

It didn't take long, Claire rose all the way up, my cock almost all the way out, hoping they would see it, and plunged back down, slamming our hips together, once, twice, three times, and as they watched, all our pent-up need exploded and we came together, crying out, fused. Spasms rippled through her, again and again, her inner muscles milking every last drop out of me. Slowly we relaxed, she lay on my chest, and rolled off me to lie on the sand beside me.

As I watched, the two people who had watched us turned toward each other and both pulled their shirts over their heads, letting them flutter to the sand. Their sweaty black skin shone in the sun. They both wore sarongs that billowed around their legs in the breeze, hiding and revealing the shapes of their bodies, her full breasts sitting low on her chest. She turned to look at me, smiled, blinked, and they were gone.

Claire and I lay on the beach a long time. As the light began to fade and the afternoon slowly eased into evening, the breeze turned cooler. I took her hand, we looked at each other, and together we blinked.
