(Ashmael POW)

I had been observing him for three days now. My orders were plain: wait and be sure that nobody else is in the house, than take him, and DO NOT TOUCH HIM. Thiede had been very clear about that.
As if I was vaguely interested! An eleven or twelve year old boy, all skin and bones, with waist long, chestnut hair that made him look like a girl. Why Thiede was so obsessed with him to the point he would send a whole contingent of hara, was still a mystery to me. But I was not inclined to discussing orders and even less to disobeying.
So, I waited patiently, hidden in my secluded spot on the hill to see if any other soul ghosted the house. But after three days of careful observation, I came to the conclusion that the boy was the only inhabitant.
At dawn on the forth day I descended the hill following a path which was well hidden from the house. A misty fog made everything surreal and evanescent, drenching clothes and hair, and once again I asked myself if all this effort was worth the prize.

The house was silent and dark, and I imagined the boy was still sleeping. I snuck inside and found myself in a huge kitchen. The kitchen was perfectly tidy and clean, with a scent of cooked food still lingering in the air. I sniffed, realizing that I was starving, then instinctively I moved my hand to the hunting knife at my side. There must have been someone else in the house, for the child couldn't have done the cooking or cleaning.
I blinked. I was incepted a little over two years ago but some strong memories still cluttered at my mind. At twelve, the only things I had in mind was to hang out with my friends and listen to loud music. I was not a spoilt child but neither did I have to take care of household duties!
Beside, this house needed a huge staff of servants to keep it running. It was a very rich house full of very rich people. 
With caution I began my exploration. Heavy curtains forbade the first rays of light to enter, but I was used to moving in the dark and my over-developed senses helped me where my sight could not. After a while my eyes began to adjust to the dark and the house revealed herself in all her magnificence.
The rooms were wide, all well furnished, with marble floors, elaborate carpets and crystal chandeliers. The walls were decorated with tapestries and paintings.
A particular painting caught my attention: a family portrait of an incredibly beautiful Lady and a severe but handsome Lord. The Lady was holding a child and it didn't take me long to recognize the sad child in the painting as being the same boy I was looking for. It was not a happy family: nobody was smiling.
Suddenly, a cold breeze hit me and I felt the hair at the base of my neck stand on end. I turned slowly, grasping my knife, ready to strike, and in the doorway I saw the boy of the painting. He was a still and ghostly image, with pale skin and dark circles under feverish amber eyes. I stared at the apparition and waited for it fade away, but then the ghost spoke. 
"So finally you came. Why did you take so long?"
The voice was melodic, neither male nor female, the voice of an angel, I thought. My eyes rapidly scanned the room while my mind processed the boy's words.
"Don't worry, there is nobody here but me. And I have no intentions of going anywhere."
There was a slight mocking in the way he spoke and it annoyed me. "Do you mean you live here alone?" I tried to keep my tone even, as if this was routine.
"Yes, don't you already know? You have been spying on me for four days." 
The statement left me dumbfounded. The little shit was far smarter than I thought. Once again, I decided to ignore his question. It was me who was to make the interrogation, after all. "Where are the others? Your parents?"
"My parents left for a business trip two months ago and never came back. And the servants ran away like foxes after the first raid on our neighbour's home."
"And they left you behind... alone?"
He shrugged. "I could have gone with them if I wished, but I didn't." The detached tone was disturbing. The boy seemed to lack all feelings. "Beside, I knew someone would come to fetch me sooner or later. I'm ready."
"Do you mean... you won't try to escape? Don't you fear us?"
The boy shook his head vigorously and, for the first time, he looked like he truly was: a kid who thought he knew everything, but in reality knew nothing. 
"So what exactly do you think I'm supposed to do with you?" I asked with amusement.
"You'll take me to your boss."
"To my... boss. Ok, and then?"
"And then he'll make me become a Wraeththu!" 
The boy probably thought he was dealing with a very dense har. My questions were plainly annoying him. I decided the time for jesting was over and it was better to bring him to Thiede and leave him all the "fun" of taming this little wild thing.
"What's your name?"
The boy shrugged once again. "It's not important anymore."
"Why not?"
"Because he will change it anyway."
"He?" I was totally puzzled.
"The one who will incept me and make me a very special har."
There was no more irony in his voice and I realized that the boy was pretty aware of his fate, even more than I was.

***

The trip to Almagabra where Thiede had settled his general quarters, took us a whole week. During that period I was questioned by the boy over several subjects regarding Wraeththu and I was enlightened about his former life. So I came to know that he was the only son of a very rich and very powerful family, that his father and mother were abroad for the most part of the year and that he was left in the care of nannies and servants. He had grown up alone, in that big house, and his favourite hobby was reading. Therefore it was no surprise that he was so bitter and obnoxious and that he was overexcited about becoming a Wraeththu.
Surprisingly enough, he was not a spoilt brat; on the contrary, he was perfectly able to look after himself and more than once I spotted him helping our escort with practical matters such as cooking or preparing the camp for the night. In few days he had gained my companions' full respect and it was with no little annoyance that I noticed how all they were willing to listening to his suggestion and to pleasing him. What really amazed me was how smart he was and how irritatingly self-confident he was about every day matters.
Thiede would be very pleased with him. And, speaking of Thiede... I came to know that the boy, who still refused to tell me his name, had dreamt about Thiede and his fate several times. What that fate consisted of, he was pretty mysterious about. I cannot say we became friends: to me, he was still an annoying, conceited brat, but we came to know each other a little better and it made the journey more bearable.
It was on the last night that the feared question finally came.
"Ash? "
"Mmmmh..." I was almost asleep and the last thing I wanted was to engage in some never ending discussion about Wraeththu habits.
"How is one incepted?"
Now he had my full attention. I sat up and rubbed my tired eyes. His eyes were totally awake and attentive. "What do you know about it?"
He studied me for a while before answering. "That it hurts."
Hurt. Hurt was far too simple to be the right definition of three or more days of agony, when your body is wretched, shattered to its core and then rebuilt into something you don't know. A hermaphrodite creature who can be both male and female, who can inseminate and conceive at the same time. Who can create a life. Trust me, as much as you can be ready to endure the whole process, the experience is tenfold mentally and physically your worst nightmare. So I decided to cheat. It was Thiede's idea to incept him, after all, not mine. So let Thiede do the dirty job as well! I shrugged and tried to look nonchalant. 
"Yes, it hurts a bit. But I've almost forgotten everything about it. Well, everything but the delectable part... aruna.." I winked at him hoping that the new concept would settle his mind, diverting him from the main subject. Luckily, I succeeded.
"Aruna..."
The word rolled off his tongue like a dark promise. I felt shivers along my spine and for a brief moment I imagined that still acerbic body shivering and moving under me. I chased the image away.
"What is aruna exactly?"
"It's sex magic. It's the combination of two bodies, two souls and two wills which can generate power to create or destroy. It's far beyond pure pleasure..." I stopped, wondering how much an eleven year old boy who had spent his life alone knew about sex and pleasure. Probably nothing. I braced myself for further embarrassing questions but the boy was lost in his thoughts, with a dreamy stare in his eyes.
"And... who do you think I'll do this aruna thing with?"
I chuckled, trying to dissimulate my amusement for the ingenuity implicit into the question. "I don't know, Thiede will choose for you. But I'm sure he will find the perfect har." I nodded trying to make my words more convincing.
Luckily, he didn't ask any further question. He lay back on his bedroll with a thoughtful look and I sighed in relief. It had gone better than I had hoped.

***

When we arrived in Immanion we were tired, dirty and hungry. We were graced with a brief respite to take a bath and relax but after only an hour I was escorting my charge to Thiede's office. The boy looked weary and a bit less self-assured than usual, but as soon as he saw me, he lifted his head feigning confidence.
"So... are you ready to meet the boss?" I asked jokingly. He nodded, a bit too energetically to be convincing.
Thiede was waiting for us seated in his big leather chair that looked more like a throne. His appearance awed me as usual; an explosion of fire-red hair and flamboyant clothes, sophisticated make-up and shining jewels carefully distributed over seven foot of har. He was a divine demon. A sight that would have scared the shit out of anybody.
"So, finally you are here."
He scanned the boy with clinic eyes, frowning and muttering incomprehensible sentences, a show I'd already witnessed several times.
"Far to skinny! Did you starve him, Ashmael?"
"No, my Lord, he was already a mess when we found him." I regretted my teasing words the moment I spoke them.
"Feed him. We have to put some flesh over these bones before inception. I don't want to lose him during the process."
Out of the corner of my eye I saw the kid turn toward me stunned before looking back at Thiede.
"What... what do you mean lose me? What are you going to do with me?" There was rage in his voice, and a hint of fear too.
"Don't you tell me that our Ash didn't inform you about inception. " Thiede rose from his chair and straightened to his full height. He was an imposing figure emanating power and magic.
The boy stepped back and shook his head. "No, Sir..."
"Bad, bad Ashmael! Well, I'll tell you what is going to happen. You'll be fattened like a little pig for a week, and then you'll have to observe a period of fasting. Purification. Then there will be a huge ceremony, during which I'll give you part of my blood. Then there will come althaia and believe me it will hurt, it will hurt to the point you'll try to kill yourself to put an end to the unbearable pain. But we will not let you kill yourself, my little one, oh no! I don't waste my blood in vain; we will tie you to the bed and close you in an empty, padded room where even your screams will be well guarded. And then, in the end IF you survive the whole process, there will come the pleasant part. I'll let our beloved Ashmael have his way with you and initiate you in the most enjoyable art of aruna. Only after that you can call yourself a har. You will begin your caste training and get rid of the human shit that taints your blood. And now, if you don't mind, I have some business to attend to."
For a moment time froze. Nobody spoke, nobody moved. I was too shocked from Thiede speech; not just from the violence and rawness of it, but from the implications. Me. I was the one chosen for the sacred act of aruna. Why me?
I turned to the boy and once again I thought I was looking at a ghost. Thiede's words must have struck him like an iron bar and for a moment I felt loathing toward the old bastard. There was no need to terrorize the boy to death.
"Up, up you two! I have already told you I have business to do. Hurry up! Ashmael, please, lead our guest to his chamber." And with those cheerful words, Thiede bent his head over the desk and began to check some papers forgetting about us.
Silently, I put my arm around the boy's shoulders and I led him to the door. As soon as we were alone in the corridor, I felt his small hand sliding into mine and gripping it. When I glanced at him, his eyes were full of tears.

***

The following night I was enjoying the sea breeze from my terrace, sipping cold iced wine and trying to dismiss the recurring images of sensual amber eyes when a sudden noise of glass shattering and my door slamming open made me jump in fright. I turned ready to face an what ever dark force of nature that had invaded my privacy and came face to face with a furious hurricane of black silk, red ribbons and darting eyes. A perfectly manicured finger pierced through my ribs and pushed me inelegantly back into the armchair.
"YOU! Stupid, insensible, idiot oaf! Can you tell me what the hell is wrong in that invisible brain of yours to terrorize a poor little child to death with frightening details about inception?"
"Good evening, Jay, I'm happy to see you too."
With a resigned grunt, my opponent slumped over the armchair in front of me and shook his head in exasperation.
Jay Marsher was one of Thiede's councillors, one of the few Thiede really listened to and the only one who had been able to shut him up on one memorable occasion.
We had been lovers for a while, unfortunately our lives had taken different paths (meaning that he had left me for a less bad mannered and more sociable har) even if we were still friends.
I studied his elegant and very sensual shape for a while, fighting with the urge to throw him down on the carpet and give him the most intense pleasure of his life. Of course, I did nothing. "Does it help if I tell you I said nothing and that the one who played the bad guy was Thiede?"
"No, it doesn't! You could have stopped him, or at least tried to calm the kid once out of the bastard's office!"
I shook my head. I knew there was no point in discussing this with him, so I changed the subject. "What's happened exactly?"
"I've just spent half of the last night trying to make him stop crying and the other half trying to convince him that Thiede wanted to scare him and that he'll be unconscious for the biggest part of the time during althaia. Look at me! I'm a mess!!!"
I did as he asked and I found him lovelier than ever. "So you cheated?"
Jay shrugged. "What else could I do? Where is the point to terrifying him? Don't you think it's better Vaysh joins the ceremony relaxed and unaware rather then frightened and panicking? It's not that he can escape his fate, after all."
I straightened and looked at him in disbelief. "Vaysh?" 
"Yes... Vaysh... who the hell do you think we are talking about... Ash? What's wrong with you today?"
I ignored his questions. "And how is it that after one single day you know his name while every time I asked him the only replies I received were elusive answers? 
Jay raised an eyebrow.
"Well, maybe I FIRST introduced myself and THEN I asked his name. Courtesy has never been one of your qualities. Has it Ashmael?"
I waved my hand in annoyance but I knew he was right. "Well, maybe I didn't follow the etiquette completely, but, what the hell, Jay, that brat is such a pain in the ass. So arrogant, so conceited..." 
With a sad smile he took my hands in his. "He is just a child, Ash, a twelve year child who misses his a family desperately, who has never had a friend, who has been abandoned and raised by foreigners. Ash, that kid suffers from a lack of affection. That's what makes him so bitter and harsh."
At that point I was feeling like the perfect bastard I was. Fuck me. "Well, since Thiede chose me for his initiation in aruna, I suppose I'll have to use all my skills to make it up to him." I paused for a moment staring at those huge, meaningful dark eyes. "Jay... I'm happy Thiede put you at his side, I know you are the best har to take care for him and prepare him properly."
Jay smiled warmly at me and I understood that he wasn't angry anymore, but just concerned. The question that had hunted me for so long came back to my mind. "Why do you think Thiede is so obsessed with him?"
Jay rose abruptly and began to pace the room. "At the beginning I couldn't understand either. I mean, he is a cute boy, but there are plenty of others like him. Then, when I began to talk to him, and listen to him, I realized that he is not like other humans. He is smart, he has that kind of speculative intelligence that's hard to find even among hara. He has an enchanting allure, even if he is still not aware of it., And look at what he has done: he has survived alone in that house for more than a month, waiting for us to take him. He took care of himself wonderfully, he didn't fear raids. That boy IS special, Ash, trust me. It's Thiede's plans for him that are still obscure to me but; I swear, the old shit has to walk over my corpse before he can hurt him!"
I couldn't help but smile at Jay's vehemence. As perceptive and sensible as he is I wasn't surprised he had came to know the boy better than I.The fact that he liked him and felt protective towards him made me feel a huge bastard for the way I'd acted. But the damage was done, and there was nothing I could do. And that made me feel even worse. "Oh, I know you mean it, my dear, your claws are well known all over Immanion." I tried for a joke but a deep sense of unease was slowly sneaking its way up inside of me. My words came out more bitter than I intended.
Jay stared at me without speaking. I could feel his eyes scanning me, reading my deeper emotions and seeing things I was probably unaware of showing. I averted my eyes, trying to block my thoughts. I failed miserably. He sat down at my side and took my face in his hands.
"What's make you so sour, Ashmael?" 
The words were a little more than a whisper and I close my eyes and held my breath, ready to send him properly to hell. But the words began to flow of their own free will. "I don't know... Something about that damn boy makes me feel uneasy. I feel as if... he is always confronting me, challenging me... and than that absurd idea of me being his.. teacher! It's a total idiocy. It just cannot work!"
"Ash," Jay's tone was kind but imperative. He stroked my brow with the back of his hand and then slid his fingers into my hair. I felt lost. "You have been alone for too long. You are losing the sense of what we are... Thiede is giving you a huge possibility. You can be Vaysh's guide and companion in his new life... You can help him to find his balance. You can make him became a great har. Don't waste this opportunity."
I felt his breath ghosting over my skin while he spoke. "How... I don't know what to do, Jay! I'm a soldier... What if I delude him? What if I'm not a good teacher?"
"Just follow your instinct... Everything will be fine." He rose and turned to the door, his hand skimming my shoulder and down my arm. "I better go, now. You need to rest." 
I grasped his finger. "Don't go. Please?" I held his gaze for what felt like an eternity, than, without a world, he began to undo the ribbon that held his tunic closed.