The electronic beep that meant mail sounded and Angel reached out, double-clicking on the envelope in the lower right corner without thinking. Harmony and Wesley had given him a crash course in computers that, combined with Cordelia's earlier nagging, let him at least read and send email. He knew his secretary was angling for him to start typing his own letters, but he hadn't given up handwriting things for Cordelia, and he certainly wasn't about to start for Harmony. Besides, it wasn't like his handwriting was as bad as Gunn's or Spike's- the two of them wrote in illegible scrawls that so far, only Wesley seemed able to decipher. Shaking his head, he forgot about the bad penmanship of his coworkers and started reading his email.

Dear Valued Customer:

You've been selected to receive notice of a brand new product, one that we feel will be of great interest to you. Have you ever wished you could unlock the doors of the subconscious? Do you feel like the path to your inner happiness is blocked by forces too great to overcome? Well, look no further! We're proud to announce the arrival of HIDDEN DESIRE, which will render all your worries obsolete.

HIDDEN DESIRE is a revolutionary drug, the first ever combination of medicine and magic that sweeps aside the veils of conscience and societal concern that keep all of us from what we really want. Once taken, HIDDEN DESIRE will act to free you from the chains that hold you back, releasing you to enjoy the passion that you've always wanted. So how does it work?

HIDDEN DESIRE is a fine powder, easily dissolved in either water or food, odorless and tasteless, but with an undeniable kick, one that leaves you eager for your lover's touch! And who will that lover be? Why, the one you desire most, the secret yearning of your heart made flesh, of course! You won't be able to hold back- you'll have to have them!

Reply now for a FREE month's supply and see for yourself: HIDDEN DESIRE will open the doors to a whole new you!

Angel read the email, then went back and read it again. And again. Who had sent this to him? The space where a name usually appeared was filled with a jumble of letters and numbers, so it obviously wasn't anyone he knew. But more to the point, why would someone send this to him? He wasn't about to take something like that! The last time he'd taken anything, it had only been dumb luck that nobody was killed. And then there was the fact that he didn't really want to know what 200 years of existence coupled with Angelus' sick ideas of fun would come up with as his deepest secret desire.

He clicked Delete and went back to reviewing the quarterly expenditure reports, determined not to think about the email. And for a while, he succeeded. It wasn't until he was wrapping up a meeting with Gunn later that afternoon that he remembered one the of claims that had been made: odorless and tasteless. What would happen if someone slipped some of that drug into his blood? There were plenty of people out there that would love to bring him down, and what better way than by making him a slave to his own sexual need?

The thought was an unsettling one, to say the least. Perhaps he should talk to Wesley about it. But what would he say? That someone had sent him an email that boasted of an undetectable drug that could make anyone lose all control, but he didn't have the email anymore because he'd deleted it? It sounded like the plot of a really bad porno at best, and the ravings of a madman at worst. No, he'd have to just forget about it and put it out of his mind. Besides, it wasn't like Wolfram & Hart was that easy to get into... unless you were a small army of robots, or the suppressed subconscious of an empath or a vampire with a grudge, or the liason to the Senior Partners...or Lindsey.

Lindsey! Of course! Why hadn't he thought of him right away? This was probably one of those plans the little prick had mentioned to Spike, one of the myriad ways he intended to screw with Angel just like he always had. Not for the first time, Angel thought about how he must have really messed up Lindsey's plans when he'd caught the Texan feeding Spike some line about destiny and the Powers That Be. Whatever he'd been up to, it wasn't good and it was almost guaranteed to be trouble. Luckily, Angel had been able to derail that particular idea of Spike being the new champion, and he'd brought his childe back to Wolfram & Hart to make sure he stayed away from Lindsey.

And now this email only a couple of weeks later. Yes, Lindsey had to be the one behind it, even if Angel wasn't sure exactly how. If he'd gotten his hands on that drug... Christ, who knew what Lindsey would do if he knew all that stuff about Angel? Humiliation and degradation were absolute certainties, but they could prove just the tip of the iceberg. Angel groaned and rubbed his temples, wondering if vampires could develop migraines.

"Angel, are you all right?"

He looked up to see concerned blue eyes and smiled. "I'm fine, Wes, just... didn't sleep too well," he lied.

"Perhaps you should take off early tonight, then. Maybe even see about scheduling a vacation at some point. After all, we're running the office; it shouldn't be running us."

"Yeah, good point." Angel nodded and drummed his fingers on the desk until a cleared throat made him look up to see Wesley still standing in the doorway. "Something else you needed, Wes?"

"Yes, actually. We have a meeting on the Dukeson case to see if we can reach a settlement. Did you forget?"

"The Dukeson case?"

Wesley sighed. "Patricia Dukeson, Angel. She's the witch from Irvine who had a daughter with one of the lesser demons last year and we're representing her in her custody case." He shot the vampire an odd look. "Ring any bells?"

Damn, he'd forgotten all about that case, and it was one of his special projects, too. Angel rubbed his temples again and wondered for the thousandth time exactly what he'd done to tick the Powers off badly enough that he was forced to deal with both Spike and Lindsey McDonald. "Yeah, I'll be right in. Sorry, I've just been... preoccupied."

Wesley nodded. "Try not to wait too long." With that gentle admonition, he walked away, leaving Angel to shake his head and try to forget about emails, drugs and enemies so he could get back to helping people like Patricia. The vampire took a deep breath and stood up, then grabbed his file folder and headed out in the direction Wesley had gone.

The Dukeson meeting was followed by a conference call and an internal office meeting, then a budget review and two employee assessments. Somewhere in the middle of it he managed to squeeze in a fight with Spike and feed. Just another typical day at the office, Angel told himself as he straightened his desk up at the end of the night. He headed upstairs to his silent apartment, trying not to remember what it felt like to have other people around. After all, he liked his peace and preferred being left alone. Right?

Absolutely. Angel stripped and climbed into the shower, where he turned the water on as hot as he could stand it. He took more showers these days, as if he was always trying to clean off something that wouldn't quite wash away. The patter of the water on the tile echoed in the bathroom, a small sound that seemed very loud in the quiet space. He didn't need the chatter of friends or the articifical noise of the TV and stereo that Spike was always surrounding himself with. That was just another way of hiding, and Angel wasn't about to hide.

Turning the water off, he stepped out and towelled himself off, then changed into a pair of silk sleep pants. A last mug of blood from his private supply and he was ready for bed. Angel settled down onto the mattress with a sigh and closed his eyes, ready to let the cares of the day slip away, from the Dukeson case to the budgets to the drug that email had talked about...

His last conscious thought was that he had to tell Wesley about the drug in the morning.