Age of Aquarius -- Chapter Three: Alice in the Sky with Diamonds by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2021

Story codes: MF, MMFF, MFg(10), first, oral, anal, preg, romance

Summary: Set in the Summer of Love, 1968, this is the story of how the arrival of a special family at a hippy commune in the Catskills changed the protagonist's life forever. As with most of my stories, this one's really a love story.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

==============



Like most nights at the Hillcroft Manor, there was an acid party that night, and the two new girls were tripping. The little one, Hitchhiker, was dancing with me, doing the hippy gyrations, arms and hips undulating to whatever weird music Richter had put on the hi-fi. I think there were sitars involved.

"Where's that..." she said something I couldn't hear over the music. Richter liked his weird music loud.

"What?" I shouted into her ear.

She leaned in so that her lips were against my ear. "Where's that cute girlfriend of yours?"

"My cute... Huh?" I turned to look at her, our faces so close that they were almost rubbing against each other.

She smiled, then moved back to my ear. "You know, that cute little chick you were swimming with." I felt her tongue give my earlobe a lick.

"Oh," I said, "you mean Rachel. She's... I guess she's up in her room."

Alice gyrated in front of me. "Oh, that's too bad! You should go get her! She's super cute!"

"She's the Richters' daughter." I nodded in the direction of John and Emily, worried that they could hear us and hoping that Hitchhiker might get the hint that she ought to be a bit more discreet.

She didn't get the hint. "Cool!" She had her arms draped over my shoulders, hips swaying side-to-side. "You should go get her! You should introduce us!" She leaned into me and momentarily lost her balance, giggled when I grabbed her hips to catch her, then kissed me on the cheek.

I laughed, pulled her closer, and kissed her back, on the lips.

She pressed her tight body up against me. "Is your little girlfriend gonna get mad if we kiss?"

"She won't care." I kissed her again. "She's not my girlfriend."

She was still doing the hippy gyration dance, but now her body was tight against mine, sliding back and forth. "Oh, that's too bad, you guys make a cute couple. She obviously likes you!"

"You do realize that she's only ten, right?"

Her dancing was making me hard, and she could tell, and she was rubbing with more enthusiasm. "I suppose that's a little young. But what about me? You're old enough to be my daddy!" She kissed me again.

"Hey now!"

Right then, her friend Starfire came running up and grabbed Hitchhiker' arm. "Come on!" she hollered over the loud psychedelic music. "They got a strobe light going and it's soooo cooool! Hi Brian!" She looked over at me, her face red with delight. "This acid is soooo good! Come ON, Alice!"

The littler one gave me an apologetic smile. "Sorry," she mouthed to me as her friend pulled her into the mass of bodies dancing in the strobe light. Half of the gyrating hippies were naked, and the other half were quickly losing their clothes, and the two newcomers joined right in. Almost immediately, before they'd even had a chance to get naked, the girls were surrounded by men. But Alice made a point of catching my eye. She waved and beckoned me to come over, also indicating with her hands that I should join them in shedding my clothes. I'm usually not one to dance with the sweaty masses in their acid-fueled mosh pit, but this was an offer I wasn't going to turn down. So, shortly, there I was, one of the dozen or so naked men surrounding the two new teenagers. Out of the corner of my eye, I spotted Emily Richter, herself naked and dancing trippily. She gave me a smile, but I was too distracted to do anything more than smile in return and go back to dancing with the girls.

Alice was being very friendly, not just to me, but to all the guys. But especially to me. She rubbed her tight little naked body against me, paying particular attention to pushing her cock-height belly into my erect member. She leaned into my ear and shouted, "Daddy! I think you're glad to see me!" She kissed my cheek and moved to the next guy, rubbing against his cock like she had done to mine, and the next guy, but then she came back to me. She repeated this little naked dance with several of the guys, but she always came back to me before she'd gotten too far away.

Eventually the hippies started pairing off, or threesoming- and foursoming-off, as the acid trip strobe light dance turned, inevitably, into an acid trip strobe light orgy. And I was quite pleased to find that little Alice chose her new "daddy" for her partner. She was rubbing that lithe athletic body all over me, up and down, then down, and down further, until she was on her knees, and I watched with fascination the strange robot-like strobe light vision of her as she leaned in open-mouthed and began to give me head.

Alice, I remembered her friend telling me, really likes to give blow jobs. And, lucky me, I was getting a sample of her talents.

The little chick was quite good, that's for damned sure, bobbing her head and pumping her fist with youthful enthusiasm. What I hadn't expected, though, was her friend Starfire joining in the fun. She rubbed her big bountiful breasts against me for the first time that night, standing over her cock-sucking friend and pressing her tits against my chest. I reached out and grabbed them and gave them a squeeze and she laughed and stepped back and gave her shoulders a shake, making those big breasts shimmy in a strobe light-induced staccato.

"Brian," she hollered over the music, "do you know what's better than getting a blow job from a girl?"

"Getting pussy?" I hollered back.

"Noooo!" Starfire laughed. "Well, maybe, but that's not what I mean!"

"What then?"

"Getting a blow job from two girls!"

"Oh?"

She gave me a big stoned smile, then dropped on her knees next to her friend.

A second later, two wet pink tongues were licking the length of my shaft together, both of the girls giggling mightily when their tongues met at the tip of my cockhead. Then Starfire opened wide and took me in, while Hitchhiker went back to stroking.

At that point, some long hair walked up and started slapping his cock against Alice's cheek, and she rewarded him for his tenacity by turning to him and taking his cockhead into her mouth, sucking him while still jacking me. Another hippy cock appeared at Starfire's side, and she started stroking him while sucking me. That's when I realized that a whole bunch of guys were queuing up to get their turn. The girls were very obliging, sucking and stroking, cocks galore, all around them. When one guy knelt behind Starfire and lifted her ass, she disengaged from me and dropped down onto her hands and knees, and he grabbed her hips and started fucking her. Several hippies were in front of her, and she just moved from one cock to the next, with guys taking turns both in her pussy and in her mouth.

Meanwhile, Hitchhiker was back to work on my cock. I think she knew I was close, and wanted to get me off now, because she shooed other paramours aside. When one of Starfire's several suitors, momentarily replaced by another, grabbed Alice by the hips to lift her, she disengaged with me and said loudly to him over the music, "Get a rubber!" He was back a moment later, cock properly sheathed.

As she lifted her ass, I had to get down on my knees to give her a better angle for her sucking, and she groaned around my cock when the first hippy slid into her. I say "first hippy," because, well, they were lining up behind her just like they were with Starfire, hands shaking with excitement as they tore open the required condom packages and took their turn in the eighteen year old's puss.

Other guys were hoping to interrupt her suck job on my cock, but she wasn't having anything to do with that; she had a goal in mind, and that was getting me off, and she did that to perfection. Somewhere around when the third guy mounted her from behind, I began the most fantastic ball-clenching orgasm in the history of the known universe as I knelt before the serially double-teamed co-ed. When Alice realized I was close, she buried my head deep in her mouth, sucking and jacking me until I exploded.

When the little hitchhiker had finished me off and swallowed my spunk, she stood up, disengaging unceremoniously from the guy behind her, who barely missed a beat in simply going back to Starfire again. Alice was smiling broadly. "You're very sexy when you cum..." she said, kissing me on the cheek, "...Daddy."

I just shook my head and laughed.

We danced naked together among the orgy afterwards, but after she blew off several more guys who came up to her wanting more, the girl hollered into my ear, "It's way too crowded in here!"

I nodded in full agreement.

"And this strobe light..." she continued. "I'm feeling kinda claustrophobic. Wanna go for a walk?"

As luck would have it, there was no reason for us to put our clothes back on. It was a warm night, with a southern summer breeze, and we walked naked in the blessedly peaceful outdoors, holding hands down the lawn to the creek.

"Oh, wow, look at all the stars!" the little trippy hippy said. "Are they always so colorful? And they're moving! They're dancing!" She swirled around, her arms out to her sides, communing with the heavens as they danced (in her hallucinating mind, if not in reality).

I laughed, staring at the sweet naked ballerina. She stopped dancing and grabbed my hands in hers, a big silly smile on her face.

"It's so beautiful out here tonight!" she said, her voice full of wonderment and merriment.

"It is," I agreed, "although it might just be the company that makes me think that."

She wrapped her arms around me and gave me a kiss. "You're such a smooth talker, Daddy," she said. "No wonder the Richters' daughter is so hot for you."

"Don't be silly."

"True. I'm sure she mostly likes you for your big cock." I laughed at that. "What?" she said. "Didn't you see how she was looking at it?"

"Oh come on."

"I remember when I saw my first grown up cock. I was around her age. I was in love--well, that's probably not the right word. In lust!" She laughed.

"How...?" I asked, wanting details.

"He was so horny for me, oh my god!"

"Did you have sex with him?"

"No, I was a virgin until just last year! I wanted to, but he was like... he thought if we fucked, it would be like cheating on his wife. Silly, huh? People are so much more enlightened now. But he wasn't such a prude that he wouldn't let me suck him. That was the first time I tasted cum."

"Did you like it?" I asked her.

"Mmhmm," she said, kissing me. "Loved it."

I kissed her back. "You must have been damned cute."

She giggled. "See? I knew it! You are hot for ten year old girls!"

"What? No..."

"Don't deny it. Deep down, all guys are." She kissed me again. "Trust me, sweet talk your little girlfriend just right and she'll do anything you want." Kiss. "Just do me a favor."

"What's that?"

"If she wants to have sex, don't tell her no. It broke my heart when he told me no."

"What a bastard." I kissed her again. "I promise I won't tell her no, if it ever comes up. And I won't tell you no, either."

She got a big smile. "Good! I love sex when I'm tripping! It's so real!"

"You did seem to enjoy it earlier!" I grinned at her.

"Oh, that was just some random dudes. That was nothing like having sex with my daddy!" She gave me a sloppy wet kiss, reaching down and pulling at my cock at the same time.

"I just need to run to the house and get a condom..."

Still gripping my cock, she'd sat down in the grass and was spreading her legs and pulling me in a desperate way down to her. "Daddy!" she said, getting a little pout on her face. "You can't leave me now!"

"But..."

"I'm tripping so much! Everything's, everything's perfect! I want to feel you inside me right now!"

What's a guy supposed to do, when an eighteen year old chick says something like that to him? I, of course, said "I'm sorry, young lady, you must wait until we have the proper protection."

Well, that's not exactly what I said.

In fact, I didn't say anything at all, although my cock was screaming in my head, "Sweet! I get teenage pussy, bare!!!" She was already pulling me down by my cock, and I followed her lead, falling to my knees between her spread-open legs.

"Oh god!" she whispered as I slid my uncloaked manhood into her. She was soaking wet, a sloshy slutty mess, but fuck if it wasn't still like a vice that I had to force open with my thickness. Jesus, what a fine pussy!

"Oh my god!" She arched her back, moaning as I started fucking her. "It feels so good! Oh my god I'm so hot! This is amazing!"

We made love for ten minutes out there by the creek under the beautiful starlit sky. The little pixie's tight body was just perfectly made for fucking, and she was spectacularly enthusiastic about it, moaning the whole time in the most adorable high-pitched voice, shouting about how great it felt.

I really liked this girl.

Eventually my balls started boiling and I briefly--very briefly--considered pulling out before I'd reached the point of no return. But there was just no way. No fucking way. I couldn't possibly stop now. So I rammed my dick just as deep into her eighteen year old pussy as I could, and shot her womb full of semen in a half-dozen adrenaline-fuel ejaculations.

She sighed, then giggled, when I pulled out. "You came inside, didn't you?"

"Yeah..."

"I never had a guy cum in me before! I mean, without a condom on."

"Sorry, I--"

"I loved it!"

That's when I knew for sure that Alice was my kind of girl.

After a few more minutes sitting there by the pond in a post-coital buzz, she was finally starting to come down from her acid high, so we walked back to the manor and went up to my room by the back stairs. I cracked open a bottle of whiskey, lit us a big fat joint, and she sat naked, cross-legged, on the bed, while we passed the bottle and finished off the pot.

"Oh god," she said, her eyes barely open, "I'm so stoned!"

We lay down together and kissed a bit, and damned if she didn't pass out right while we were kissing. That kind of pissed me off, because I was feeling stoned and horny, but then, well... I realized that I could do anything I wanted to her right then. She probably wouldn't even remember it in the morning. And there was one thing I hadn't done to a little lady in a long time.

I gently turned her onto her stomach, slid a pillow under her torso, and grabbed some vaseline. A minute later, her asshole was slippery with lube and I had two fingers inside her anus.

Her eyes opened into tiny little bloodshot slits. "Daddy..." she mumbled, "...are you gonna... fuck my ass??"




[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
