My Sisters and Me
by Drew

After some much needed rest and detox, Nina had forgiven my sisters. I was relieved at how calm she was regarding the whole situation but I guess if you come on Spring Break as a college student you kind of expect some drunken, horny debauchery to take place. And while she had forgiven them, that didn’t mean she wasn’t going to seek revenge. Alas, all of us were on high alert which made it nearly impossible to catch someone off guard.

Nina and I tried the shower trick again, this time with Maddy, but she was wise enough to lock the door and bring in an extra set of clothes. We tried dumping water on my sisters as they sunbathed with their tops untied, but they moved out of the way right as we poured the water. The boys were unsurprisingly eager to help out. That is, until Katie de-pantsed Brian when he finally worked up the courage to approach a girl his age. This girl was wayyy out of his league as it was, and seeing her snicker at him with his bathing suit around his ankles gave him a much-needed ego check. He pouted the rest of the trip and his younger brothers didn’t dare try anything after that.

Unfortunately, Nina and I never got the chance to hook up. Neither of us had a room to ourselves and with this little prank war going on, we were way too nervous to try and do it in public. The spark between us burned feverishly and I had her number and social media, but I’d had enough “vacation girlfriends” in my life to know I would almost certainly never see her again. I’ve always found “out of sight out of mind” to be more accurate than “absence makes the heart grow fonder.” Nonetheless, we said our goodbyes and I truthfully would miss her.

My family and I flew out at the same time, though, different flights than Jim and his family. While hugging them, I noticed Katie whispering something in Brian’s ear and running her fingers quickly across her throat. He laughed nervously and my guess is she threatened him about the shower video he still had on his phone. She never was able to get that back. We would see them all again at Jim and Emily’s wedding.

We arrived back in the city but I was in good spirits. Summer would be arriving shortly which meant late nights, rooftop pools, and scantily clad women. Being back home also meant more privacy than I had the past week. Perhaps, fooling around with Katie would become a regular thing now that we could do it unnoticed. I was certainly going to try.

A few weeks after vacation I joined Katie and Kelly on a kayak trip. While Katie was filling out some paperwork and paying, Kelly approached me.

“Heard ya had a little fling in Cancun huh?” she asked.

“I did. What, are you, jealous?” I teased her.

“Not sure yet. Katie didn’t give me much details. Just how many times did you spy on her?”

“Ha. Ha,” I said sarcastically. “Let’s just say they had a lot of closets in the hotel rooms.”

“Oh wow. I am jealous!”

I chuckled. “Thanks for being so cool about that, by the way. It really was an accident. Well, sort of.”

“Haha, no problem. I still owe you payback though.”

“Yeah, maybe,” I paused. Not sure why I felt the need but I then blurted out, “I didn’t do anything in Cancun with that girl by the way.” I made sure to specify that girl as otherwise I would be lying. “A little making out. Well, I did see her naked, but not in a hook up sense. It was kind of accident, we – "

“Drew?”

“ – yeah?”

“Just stop,” Kelly laughed.

Katie came back over to us. “What’re you two laughing about?” She asked.

“Nothing, just talking about Cancun,” I said.

Katie narrowed her eyes at me. But she knew I’d never tell anyone about that story. “Telling her all about her clone down there, eh?”

“My clone?” Kelly asked.

“Oh yeah. Drew’s girl I told you about reminded us suspiciously of you,” Katie said, smirking. The three of us began pulling our kayaks down to the dock.

“Oh, did she now?” I saw a hint of satisfaction on Kelly’s face.

“No,” I tried to brush them off, but could feel some heat appearing in my face. “She was black. Or mixed, maybe. You’re Asian.”

“Mixed too, actually,” Kelly said. “Primarily Filipina and Fijian. But there’s some Portuguese and Irish in there.”

“Ouch. Bold of you to assume someone’s race, Drew.” Katie said, grinning. Kelly raised her eyebrows at me.

“Yeah, I’m just gonna shut up now,” I said. The girls giggled.

We reached the edge of the dock and I removed my shirt. Kelly and Katie stripped down to their swimsuits as well and I was happy to be wearing dark shades. They had both developed nice-looking base tans. Kelly’s boobs were round and pushed up in her top, but I remembered how cute and pointy they were when let loose. Hopefully, I’d get to see them in that fashion again.

We got into our kayaks and began paddling down the river. I got in front of the girls with ease and hoped they were enjoying the view as I could feel my back muscles working with each row.

Once we were about to break into the bay, I saw a heavier woman who had somehow managed to flip her kayak. She was standing in the river, trying to get it turned upright, but it had filled with water and she was struggling. I hopped out and worked with her to flip it back over and empty out the water. She was able to get back in and I was pleased with myself as I saw Kelly smiling at me when I was getting back in my own kayak.

We enjoyed the rest of the day lazily paddling around in the water. Once the sun began its descent, we headed back to the dock.

“That was fun!” Kelly said as we put our clothes back on.

“Yeah, should definitely do it again sometime. Could try the other river?” I offered.

“For sure,” Katie said.

“You guys wanna grab a bite and a drink?” Kelly asked.

“Gotta work. Graveyard shift,” I groaned.

“Ahh, that sucks.”

“I will, Kels. I’m starving.”

I said my farewells and grabbed my phone and wallet from my dry-bag. I began walking back toward the subway and saw that Maddy had sent me a snapchat message. I waited until I got into the darkness of the subway tunnel before opening it. I wanted to make sure I could see it properly, without the glare of the sunlight. Not sure what I was hoping for, exactly, but Maddy had teased me in the past.

When I opened the app, I saw it was a video that she sent. I clicked on it and it opened up on my screen. Maddy was holding the phone and filming in a bedroom that I didn’t recognize. The walls were painted light blue and there were trophies and snowboards hung up on the wall. There was a typed-out message that read:

{Ara says hiiiiii!}

“Hey Drew! Just wanna say Ara misses you!” Maddy’s voice came through my speakers. The video was pretty jerky and all I could see was an empty room.

“Oh my gosh, shut up!” I heard Ara’s voice. The camera turned to the side and I saw Ara’s body come into view. She was totally topless, and only wearing a small pair of cotton shorts. Oh shit! I brought my phone closer to my eyes to see better, and so no one around me could see what I was watching. I saw a glimpse of Ara’s sideboob before she covered up and turned her bare back to the camera. She looked over her shoulder. “Are you FILMING!?” She cried out.

The video flipped to the front facing camera and Maddy’s pretty face took over my screen. She was giggling and said “she’s just shyyyy!”

“Shut up! Stop! Erase that!” I heard Ara’s voice say.

The video flipped back to the backside camera which again captured Ara’s backside. It then jerked quickly to the side and I just KNEW Maddy couldn’t resist. She filmed into the mirror which captured her own reflection. She was nude from the waist down and I saw the curve of her naked ass, hip tan-line, and juuuuust a split-second peak of her bikini region. Then the video cut off and went back to the app message page.

I made sure not to close the app and took a few deep breaths. My train had still not arrived. I blinked my eyes to ensure my vision was optimized. Normally, replaying snaps was considered bad tact. Especially, if someone was sending nudes. But I didn’t care, I needed to see this again. I tapped down on the already viewed message and the empty square reloaded to purple. I then pressed it down and watched it all over again.

I couldn’t see much that I didn’t see the first time. Perhaps a quick shot of Ara’s dark nipple, but she was so quick in covering. I paid extra attention to the last 2 seconds of the video and while I couldn’t see any more skin than I saw the first time, I could see that that last camera jerk was undoubtedly intentional. I think it was time I finally called Maddy out on these games.



{“Haha, she’s cute! Were YOU not wearing pants lol? :P :P ”}

I typed and edited my message several times in a separate app because Snapchat tells you when someone’s typing a response. This was the one I finally decided on. As simple as it sounds, you always wanna see how it looks typed out to make sure you’re giving off the right tone. Technology makes things overly complicated. My thumb was actually shaking when I sent it and I thought, how stupid.

I got home and changed into my work clothes. Mom was home, but no one else. I grabbed a quick dinner and headed back to the subway. I opened the Snapchat app at least 4 times on my ride there, but my sent message remained light blue, indicating Maddy had not yet opened it.

An average day on a security night shift is a long, boring one. And this one would be no different. I continued desperately checking my phone throughout the night until the clock passed 2 AM. I figured there was no way Maddy would check her phone after then. I got off around 3 AM and made my way back home. Maddy’s bedroom door was closed, so she evidently didn’t spend the night at Ara’s.

I slept in past 11 and everyone was gone by the time I woke up. The first thing I did was check my phone and to my dismay, I saw the blue box was now hollowed out. Maddy had read my message, but had not responded. I re-thought what I had sent in my head and the longer I dwelled on it, the dumber it sounded. Why did I call her out like that? Dealing with Maddy was always a thin line and while Katie was initially the more guarded sister, by this point she was way more direct with what she wanted. I stroked one off thinking of the video, and then went about my day.

I lifted, and then played some hoops with Jordan and Kyle. Kyle was a lot less cocky on the basketball court. Katie telling him what’s what also didn’t help his confidence. He was much more pleasant to deal with these days. After a few games, I showered, and checked my phone. Still nothing. I walked back to our condo and Katie and Mom were home. But no Maddy.

“Where’s Maddy been?” I asked, as inconspicuously as I could.

“Your sister has a lot of grad stuff going on. Parties, banquets, and whatever else. Her track season also just concluded,” Mom answered. “You remember that time, right? Katie you were NEVER home your senior spring semester.”

“It’s an exciting time, for sure,” Katie started. “Then reality hits.”

“Oh, you be quiet. You and that dark sense of humor.”

Katie smirked at me. “Just saying, A LOT of people peak in high school.”

“Well, that might be true. But your sister - ”

“I mean, look at Drew here,” Katie snickered.

“Katie!”

“I’m just joking, mom!”

“Your brother served his country. It’s very admirable!”

“Mom, I know. It was a bad joke,” Katie turned toward me. “Drew, I’m sorry. Your lifestyle is very admirable.” There was a hint of her standard sarcasm. I’m not sure that ever went away.

Mom rolled her eyes at Katie and got up to do the dishes.

“Admirable enough for you to let me inside,” I murmured under my breath, winking at her.

“Fuck off,” she shook her head at me.

“By the way, have you two decided if you’re bringing a date to Jim’s wedding?” Mom called out.

“Oh, errr. No, I hadn’t even thought about it,” Katie said, taken off guard.

“I know you’re all about your independence, and no guy in the city is what you’re looking for, but I think it’d be nice if you brought someone. You all have a plus-one, of course.”

“Can I bring a friend instead?” Katie asked.

“Up to you. There will be some questions at your age though. Maddy could probably get away with it.”

“What kind of questions?” Katie asked. But I could tell by her face she knew.

“You know what kind.” Mom said.

“Lesbian questions?” Katie couldn’t contain herself.

“I think I’m gonna ask Kelly,” I said. Katie’s grin quickly vanished.

“You two are very cute together, Drew. She’d be quite the catch.” Mom said.

“Mom, he’s just doing it to annoy me.” Katie said.

“Nah, I’m serious. I’m gonna call her, now.” I said.

Katie watched me as I took out my phone. I found Kelly’s number in my contacts and dialed her.

“Drew?” Kelly actually picked up.

“Hey Kelly, how are you?”

“Fine…..what’s up?” She seemed confused. Our generation really didn’t call each other that much.

“We talked about our uncle’s wedding coming up this summer, right?”

“Oh yeah, what about it?”

“Well, not to put you on the spot or anything, but I didn’t know when I’d see you again so I figured I’d call. I just wanted to ask if you’d like to go with me? As my date.”

There was a pause. Too long of a pause, though, I did just burst this on her out of the blue. Katie busted out laughing.

“I’ll take that as a no!” She announced with joy.

“Is that Katie?” Kelly started laughing. “Are you guys messing with me?”

“That was Katie, but no, I’m serious,” I said. “We all have plus-ones and I think we’d have a good time together. But like I said, no pressure or anything.”

“Aww that’s sweet, Drew. I think we’ll have fun too. I’ll go with you! Text me the details when you have them.”

“Nice! Will do. Alright, talk to ya later.”

“Bye, Drew.”

I hung up.

“Easy. As. That.” I said, smugly. Katie just rolled her eyes at me.

“Looks like I’m going with Jordan, then,” she sighed, walking out of the room. Mom smiled at me.



I woke up the next morning and there was a message from Maddy. FINALLY. While I wanted to play it cool, and wait to open it, I couldn’t resist. I opened the app and saw that it was a light blue square. Just a text response.

***** For the ease of the reader my last message to Maddy was: {“Haha, she’s cute! Were YOU not wearing pants lol? :P ”} *****

I clicked on Maddy’s message.

{“How’d you know that?”}

The issue with having text conversations through Snapchat is you never remember exactly what you said before. Especially when your counterpart takes 2 days to respond. But that wasn’t my issue. I had played my message over and over again in my head over the past 48 hours and remembered it verbatim. My issue was that Maddy’s text didn’t seem as playful as I was hoping for. Whatever. SHE was the one that had now sent me THREE separate nudes. Even if they were all obstructed in one way or another. I wasn’t gonna be a dick about it, but I was gonna be forthcoming.

{“Your camera pointed at the mirror at the end and I could see your reflection…”}

Boom. Sent. No more overthinking.

Maddy is typing… popped up on my screen not even 30 seconds later. Nice. Message from Maddy came shortly after. I opened it

{“Ooooops. Is that why you replayed it?”}

I did some thinking. Had to be careful here.

{“Wasn’t sure what I saw. Camera was pretty shaky lol”}

She replied quickly again: {“Hahaha. Sorrrry”}

{“….was it on purpose?”} I fired back.

And that was it. For now. She opened my message and gave no response. I checked every couple of minutes for the next hour and there was nothing. Frustrated, I went about my day. Back to the gym. More hoops. Then another security shift, and sleep.

I had the next couple of days off, and the house to myself. I woke up and played some video games, talking some shit to my cousins.

Message from Maddy

Whew. She responded.

I decided to let this one simmer. Video games were a good enough distraction for me and I lasted until afternoon before opening my phone.

Maddy’s response was a single emoji. It was the “girl shrugging” one. I interpreted that as a good sign, but I needed to play this as best as I could. I needed to think about my response.

Jordan, Kelly, Katie, and I made plans to meet up for drinks. We went to our favorite dive bar and Dave had beers poured before we could even find our seats.

“Thanks Dave!” Kelly said. The rest of us mimicked.

Katie had already asked Jordan to accompany her to Jim’s wedding. The event was to take place at some massive estate on the northeast coast. The four of us were getting excited just talking about it.

“It’s gonna be a blast,” Katie said. “We’ll go up there a few days early. I’ve been googling the venue and the place looks insane.”

“I’m getting used to that, hanging out with you guys,” Jordan said.

“Yeah, no kidding.” I agreed. “My dad’s rich as shit, but he spent all his money on himself. It’s nice being back with mom.”

Katie gave me a stern look.

“And being back with you guys, too!” I corrected. She gave me a big fake smile.

“Yeah, we definitely stay at some sick places. But NOTHING compared to Amy and Ed,” Katie said.

“True, dat,” Jordan said.

“We need to work on being better friends with them,” Kelly joked. The rest of us laughed.

“Who’s Maddy taking to the wedding?” Jordan changed the subject.

“Ugggghhh. Stop being weird over their little sister!” Kelly groaned.

“Okay, one – she’s our age. You act like she’s 12. And two – I was actually asking hoping it’d be Kenzie hahaha,” Jordan said.

“Love how my date is already planning out the other girls he’s gonna try and hook up with,” Katie said. “I need to get a life.”

“Hey, WE can definitely hook up if ya want!” Jordan half-teased. Katie gave him an as if look.

“Again, gross dude.” Kelly said.

“But no, I don’t know if she’s asked anyone yet. Hopefully she brings someone fun and not one of those lame perm dudes from her school,” Katie said.

“Perm dudes?”

“Yeah, I saw her prom pictures, they all have that douche perm…fade…mullet thing.”

“I HATE that haircut!” Kelly exclaimed.

“Brian will definitely be sporting one of those once he gets to high school,” I directed toward Katie.

“Oh, 100 percent,” she said.

“Brian?” Kelly asked.

“Our younger cousin. You’ll meet him at the wedding. He’ll prolly me-too you but you can’t really do anything about it cause he’s in 8th grade,” Katie muttered.

I felt my phone buzz in my pocket. I reached in and checked it.

Message from Maddy

Nice! I quickly shoved it back in my pocket, trying to contain my excitement.

“Who was that?” Katie asked with curiosity.

“Huh?” I was taken off guard.

“Who messaged you? You got a stupid smirk on your face.”

“Oh…it was… errr” I could feel myself blushing, but a saving grace popped into my head. “Nina!” I blurted out, overly enthusiastic with my alibi.

“Wooooow,” Katie teased. “STILL talking to her?” Kelly looked interested as well.

“Less and less,” I said. “Everyone knows how these things go. You text each other for like a month or whatever after vacation and then it fizzles out and you never speak to each other again.”

“Yup,” Jordan said. Kelly also nodded her head.

“But, C’est la vie,” I said.

The four us continued our conversation and drank our way through a couple more pitchers before deciding it was time to call it a night. We walked back to Kelly and Jordan’s complex and parted ways with them. Katie and I walked back to our condo together.

“How do you think our dates would react if they caught us hooking up at the wedding?” Katie slurred, out of nowhere.

“Are we gonna hook up at the wedding?”

“I dunnno. Can’t plan these things, Drew. Would be hot though…”

“Yeah, it would,” I agreed. “But if you’re actually asking how they’d react….it would be….not good,” I chuckled.

“Hahaha nope!” Katie paused as we continued to walk. “But you’re gonna try and get with Kelly, aren’t you?” She said it matter of factly, not seeming the least bit bothered.

“Why do you say that?”

“I see how you guys look at each other, all googly eyed!” She teased.

“Yeahhhhh,” I didn’t deny it.

“But just know this, Drew,” suddenly Katie was acting all serious. Well, drunk serious, which is always a joke. “If you do get with Kelly….this -" Katie pointed back and forth to herself and me, "- is donezo. I’m not about to be an accomplice to you cheating on my best friend!”

“Hahaha,” I laughed. “You’d be more than an ‘accomplice’ in this scenario, Katie.”

“And don’t think I wouldn’t find out either!” She ignored me. “Of course, Kelly would tell me.”

“Obviously.”

We reached our condo and stumbled in as quietly as we could. Katie smiled at me and shut the door to her room. Perhaps I should have followed her in and see what happened. But I had other things on my mind.

I quickly walked into my own room and pulled my phone out. I opened the Snapchat app and scrolled to click on Maddy’s message.

{“Do you think it was on purpose?”}

Ohhhhh man. I can’t stress enough how much I hate it when girls play games. So much so that I usually ignore it and just move on to the next girl. But there was no next girl when it came to Maddy. She was my “white buffalo”, seeing as how I’d already sealed the deal with Katie (not that I didn’t want more there, as well.) And so, I had to participate in Maddy’s Snapchat shenanigans.

The way I took Maddy’s current question was if I answered “no”, she would agree and it would be done. If I answered “yes”, who knows what she would say, but I had evidence to back up my answer. It was time to stop playing dumb with Maddy’s previous “accidental” pics she sent me. Those were sent by text, and I still had them saved on my phone should Maddy try and deny them. No holding back now…

{“Judging by the last pics you sent me….yep! :P ”} I added a tongue-out winking emoji to keep my message light hearted and not accusatory.

I sent my message into the ether and passed out.

When I woke up the next morning, I checked my phone.

Message from Maddy

Seeing those words came with such relief.

{“Lollll what pics?”}

Goddamn her, I laughed to myself. She really was gonna play dumb and make me send them back to her. She knew exactly what she was doing. Just toying with me, at this point.

I scrolled through my texts with Maddy and found the original versions of the pics she sent. I obviously didn’t want to show her the ones I had zoomed and enhanced to better see her privates. I re-saved the OG copies and drew big red circles around her exposed ass and tits. I loaded them into the Snapchat app and double checked that I was sending them to Maddy and ONLY Maddy.

{“Remember these lol”}

Send.

I got dressed and headed downstairs. I was surprised to see Maddy sitting at the kitchen table, eating a bowl of cereal. Her phone was right next to her and was lit up with my message. She looked at it, then looked back at me.

“Hi Drew!” She said casually and cheerfully, as if we hadn’t spent the past week or so snapping back and forth about her nudes.

“Hey, how’ve you been? You’ve been so busy, feel like I haven’t seen ya in a while,” I tried to act as casually as she did. She was better at it.

“Yeah, just a bunch of end-of-school stuff. Kind of over it to be honest,” she sighed happily. “Ready to graduate and move on. BUTTTTT got more graduation parties today!” She said with sarcastic enthusiasm.

“Eh, yeah that stuff can be annoying but you’ll look back at it fondly. Try and enjoy it while you can. You won’t see 80% of these people the rest of your life.”

“Awwww, that’s sad to think about!”

“When it comes to some of them, yeah,” I joked.

Maddy reached for her phone and opened it. Uh oh, here we go…

She moved her fingers around and her eyes scanned the screen, but I couldn’t see what she was looking at from my angle. Then, she busted out laughing, spitting her milk out in the process. She looked at me and raised her eyebrows in a playful fashion.

“Gotta go, Drew!” She got up, took her dishes to the sink, and walked out the front door. I couldn’t be more elated.



Half a week passed without much interaction between Maddy and I. I was beginning to wonder if our snapping game was over – or if I should send something to reignite it.

Message from Maddy

Right on time! I opened it up.

{“Was wondering when you would say something about those…”} She included the quizzical emoji with the monocle.

{“Lol at first I thought it was a legit accident”} I sent back.

That was a lie, of course.

{“But by the third one… :lol: :lol: :lol: ”}

Maddy didn’t take too long to respond. Her message was just a bunch of the laughing emojis.

I didn’t have much else to say about those pics but I didn’t want this to be over. It was fun, and addicting, especially considering we weren’t seeing each other in person much these days. The vibe seemed right, and I decided I was going to go all in. If Maddy rejected me, at least the message would disappear.

{“Sooo what are my chances of getting a non ‘accidental’ one?”} The whistling, unassuming emoji seemed appropriate here. Amazing how these messages can take so long to craft but then read so simple.

There was no way I could sit around patiently waiting for a response after sending that risky message. I needed something to distract me and so I went out for a jog. It didn’t take long before I regretted doing so.

The city was unbearably hot in late May. My light grey shirt looked charcoal after not even 10 minutes of sweating. I was also quickly reminded how incredibly average I was when it came to long distance running. You’d think playing basketball and soccer all winter would have helped. After 2 miles I was already feeling light headed and out of breath. I was over by Jordan and Kelly’s place, and so I decided to text Jordan to see if I could chill for a bit, before walking home.

“Yo, you at your place?”

“Nah what’s up?”

“Nothin was out for a run nearby and wanted to see if you wanted to chill”

“Ah sorry bro won’t be back till round 8”

“No worries”

I pulled out my phone and began contemplating calling an uber. I really didn’t feel like walking home like this.

“Drew?” A familiar voice called my name. I turned around to see Kelly. She was wearing yoga pants, a tank, and aviator sunglasses accompanying a messy ponytail which was a change from her regular braid.

“Oh…hey Kelly,” I said.

“What’re you up to?” She frowned, studying me.

“I went for a run,” I said, catching my breath. “Was hotter than I thought it was.”

“Yeah,” Kelly let out a nervous laugh. “No water!?”

“Yeah, I didn’t plan this out.”

“Come on up, you don’t look so good – no offense.” She sounded more concerned than anything. “Let’s get you hydrated.”

I followed Kelly into her complex and up to her unit. She poured me a glass of water and I quickly chugged it. I was feeling slightly nauseous and slightly lightheaded. I plopped down on the chase of her couch.

“You want something to eat?” Kelly asked. “Chocolate? Get your blood sugar up?”

“Sure.”

I started to become aware of my surroundings. I felt like I was fouling up Kelly’s tidiness with my sweat and stench. I felt itchy and uncomfortable.
“Kelly, do you mind if I shower here?” I asked.

“Oh, umm yeah. I have a lot of Jordan’s clothes here. Don’t tell him I told you but I do his laundry,” Kelly laughed. “You can change into them after?”

“Okay.” I got up in a hurry. I don’t know if I felt like I was going to vomit or what, but some ice-cold water raining down on me sounded incredible.

“Here’s a towel and washcloth,” Kelly handed them to me and I shut the door.

Her bathroom smelled of fresh lavender and was as spotless as the rest of her apartment. I cranked the faucet knob, stripped down, and stepped into the tub.

Ahhhhhh

The water felt amazing – at first. I was less nauseous, but my head was becoming even more cloudy. I started breathing faster and could feel my heart racing. My legs began to feel like Jell-O and I remember turning the water temperature a little warmer and sitting down to take a bath. Everything went blurry, and then I was out.

“DREW!?”

The next thing I knew, Kelly was kneeling over me, shouting my name. It took me about ten seconds or so to come to my senses.

“DREW?!” She shouted. “Are you okay?!”

“Huhhh?” My vision slowly sharpened back to its baseline state. I was lying in the tub on my back. The water was turned off. I was completely naked, with exception of a little hand towel over my junk.

“Drew! You passed out!” Kelly said.

“Oh…shit,” I mumbled. “I’m sorry.”

“Don’t be sorry! Are you okay?!” She said with genuine concern. “I heard a thud and you weren’t responding!”

“I feel okay,” I reached up and felt the back of my head. I didn’t notice any bump or wound or anything. There wasn’t any blood.

“I almost called 911!” Kelly said.

“Did you!?” I didn’t want to go to the hospital.

“No….I…well I was able to get in here…” Kelly said, timidly, as she nodded at a bent wire coat hanger on the sink.

“Oh…” I looked around, and then focused on the little towel sitting on my groin.

“I covered you up,” Kelly said.

“Thanks.” I was too out of it to blush or be embarrassed. Kelly seemed more uncomfortable than I was. I lay my head back against the wall, and sighed.

BZZZZZ………BZZZZZZ……BZZZZZZZZZ

I heard my phone vibrating on the sink countertop.

“Jeeze, Maddy is blowing you up on Snapchat,” Kelly told me.

Oh shit….I thought to myself as I suddenly remembered my last message to my younger sister – and the request that it entailed. Had she actually done it!? Did I have nudes waiting for me on my Snapchat!?

Boing

My cock sprung to life at the thought of Maddy sending me selfies. It was a full-on rager, and the towel was no match for it.

“Drew….”

I snapped out of my fantasy and realized Kelly’s gaze was fixated on my now uncovered erection. She still looked uncomfortable, but now wore a shy, dimpled smile. She saw me looking at her and politely turned away.

“Who knew…” she said softly.

“Knew what?” I put the towel back over my cock.

“Nothing,” Kelly continued to smile and looked back at forth between my eyes and the towel tent I was pitching. She didn’t say anything for a bit. “Well, it’s nice to see you have good blood flow…” she teased. “But we need that blood to get back to your brain. So…I’m gonna leave you to it, k?”

“Okay,” I chuckled.

“You feel alright? Not gonna pass out again?”

“I’m good,” I said.

“Promise? You scared the shit out of me.”

“I promise.”

“Okay, I’m leaving the door unlocked though,” she said.

“Haha, you just wanna creep on me some more.”

Kelly rolled her eyes.

“This makes us even by the way!” I called out, as she shut the door.

I waited a bit, but couldn’t hold off for long. I got out of the tub, still fully erect, and grabbed my phone. My heart raced again, but this was anticipation induced. I no longer felt weak or out of it. I opened the app but was disappointed to see Maddy’s message was light blue in nature. Which meant only words. Sigh.

***** My last message to Maddy: {“Sooo what are my chances of getting a non ‘accidental’ one?”} *****

I read Maddy’s response:

{“Bahaha slimmm!”} She wrote.

Not quite the response I was hoping for, obviously, but she also didn’t come off as weirded out by my request. I fired back the “so you’re telling me there’s a chance” meme and sat back in the tub.

Message from Maddy
Message from Maddy

I instantly opened my phone back up and read her messages. The first one was just laughing emojis. The second read:

{“Are you asking for newwwds lollll?”}

I groaned to myself in frustration. No shit, I’m asking for nudes, Maddy. But she knew that. She just wanted me to say it. I had to answer with relative quickness. She knew I saw her message. But just saying “yeah” came off lazy and desperate. I thought for a bit.

“Drew?” Kelly’s voice startled me, and I almost dropped my phone the water.

“Yeah?” I squeaked, nervously.

“Just making sure you’re still conscious.”

“Haha, I’m good. Feeling much better.”

“Good!”

Back to Maddy. I couldn’t think of anything to respond. My internal clock was ticking and I became worried that the longer I waited, the more noticeable it would become that I was trying too hard to be clever. So, I sent off what popped into my head.

{“Just asking for less subtlety 😉”}

Within 60 seconds, I saw that Maddy had opened my message. After 10 more minutes of soaking in the tub, it was clear she wasn’t gonna respond. My message started to sound more cringe in my head. I rinsed off the soap and exited the bath. I dressed myself in Jordan’s clothes, which fit well enough. I came back into the living area to greet Kelly.

“Hey, thanks for everything. I think I should get headed back home, though,” I said. I knew I was preoccupied with this Maddy shit and wouldn’t be the most pleasant person if I stuck around. I hoped I wasn’t coming off as being in too much of a hurry.

“Oh,” Kelly sounded disappointed. “Yeah, sure. You should get headed back, and get a proper meal in you. You want me to walk with you?”

I kind of wanted to be alone, but Kelly had done so much for me. “That’d be nice, if you don’t mind.”

“Not at all!”

She grabbed her things and we strolled casually back my Mom’s place. I was able to engage enough to not come off as rude – at least I thought so.
“Thanks for walking with me,” I met Kelly’s dark, almond eyes. “And for everything else.”

“I’m gonna come up, actually. Katie said she’s home.”

“Oh…errr. Okay.” My thoughts went back to the night when Katie drunkenly lectured me about hooking up with Kelly. How would this look? The two of us coming home together…

“Don’t sound too excited,” Kelly said with sarcasm.

We entered our condo and Katie was lounging on the couch watching TV. I was relieved that Maddy wasn’t around, which spared us an awkward interaction in front of Katie and Kelly.

“What’s up…guys” Katie said, eyeing the two of us with suspicion.

“We got some fun stuff to talk about!” Kelly said to her friend.

“Do we….?” Katie actually seemed a bit disturbed.

“Oh, it’s not what you think!” Kelly noticed the uneasiness. “C’mon, let’s go catch happy hour at Buchanan’s.”

“Sounds like a plan, lemme get dressed. Drew, you’re not coming?”

“He needs to rest,” Kelly laughed. “I’ll tell you ALL about it!”

“Ugggghhhh,” I groaned. The two girls took off and I was left alone with a microwave dinner and some video games.



A full 48 hours passed from my last message to my younger sister:

***** {“Just asking for less subtlety 😉”} *****

I was kicking myself for sending that message so quickly and not putting more thought and patience into it. I was hoping to run into Maddy in person, to try and clear the air. Not that I had the slightest clue how to go about doing that, but in-person interactions were so much simpler. You had real-time reactions and there was nothing lost in translation.

Message from Maddy

Yes! Nevermind!

{“Butttt we’re bro n sis…and you’ve seen me in person anyway! Without subtlety lol”}

Alright, I processed. Not as bad as I thought. And she still had an “lol” in there which was a good sign. Just keep things playful. I decided to sit on this one, even though she would know I read her message already.

Katie invited me out with her and Amy. The three of us were hitting up a rooftop pool party at some ritzy hotel. It was a private event, but there was no surprise Amy got an invite. Jordan and Kelly were out of town visiting family. Who knows what Ed was up to.

“Kelly told me EVERYTHING,” Katie smirked as we took the subway to the hotel.

“Oh, God,” I said. “I dunno what happened.”

“Uhhh, heatstroke? Dehydration? No endurance? All the above, haha”

“I guess. Never happened before, though.”

“First time for everything….speaking of which,” Katie leaned in close, but the train wasn’t very full. “Kelly wasn’t TOTALLY disgusted by her first looks at your peen!” She teased.

“Yeah, you weren’t either,” I smirked.

“Had to act like it when talking to her, though,” she laughed. “So, how come you didn’t make a move?”

“How come I didn’t make a move? I had just passed out for fuck’s sake. Not even sure I could’ve stood up.”

“True, haha.” There was some silence. “But would you have made a move? If you felt better?” Katie’s voice came off more curious than jealous.

“I mean the moment wasn’t really right. What was I gonna do just stand up, ass naked with a hard-on, and approach her? Little aggressive.”

“See, that’s your issue. Not EVERYTHING is aggressive, Drew. You overthink things.”

My thoughts went to Maddy. Did I need to be more forward with her? That could be a slippery slope.

“Well, we’re in the me-too era. Guys have had their reputations destroyed for less,” I said.

“That’s cause they don’t stop when we ask them to,” Katie said. “Or they make their advances at COMPLETELY inappropriate times. Like, right in front of everybody. We like sex too, dude. If you hadn’t noticed.”

“So what, I just walk over to her, kiss her, and she strips naked?”

“I can almost guarantee that’s what would have happened,” Katie answered.

I was starting to regret letting that moment with Kelly pass. But I was preoccupied at the time. And legitimately did not feel well.

“You think we would have ever hooked up had I not constantly made the first move?” Katie continued. “Flashing you, feeling each other up, FULLY coming on to you in Mexico?”

“Okay, it’s a little different with you, you’re my sister!”

“And you’re my brother!”

“Exactly! If we read things wrong with each other it would’ve fucked us up for life.”

“Didn’t stop me,” she said.

“Didn’t it? You denied everything for like the first 4 months of this shit!” I argued.

“Okay, touché,” she laughed. “But then I came around.”

“Only cause I made it obvious I enjoyed it.” I said.

“Well, your penis made it obvious. Thing went six-to-midnight anytime you even saw a hint of me,” she snickered, and bent forward, close to my groin. “Are you gonna wake up tonight wittle guy?” She joked in a baby voice, giving my cock a playful grope. “I’ll be in a bikini,” she whispered sensually.

“Shut up,” I said. “Why are you trying to help me with Kelly anyway? Thought you didn’t want us hooking up?”

“I don’t,” Katie said, plainly. She left it at that.

I let out a sigh. “You can be real annoying sometimes, you know that?”

Katie said nothing.


We arrived at the hotel with simmering tension in the air. Amy greeted us in the lobby, and we put on some fake smiles.

“Whatsup you guys, long time no see!” She said. She gave each of us a hug, and we got onto the elevator and rode up to the 27th floor, chit chatting along the way.

We got off and two large security guys nodded at Amy. “These are my two guests,” she said.

The burly dudes checked out Katie and barely even glanced at me. The girls split off to go change and I was left alone to check out the party. There was a large, rectangular pool in the center of stone pavers. The water was a deep navy shade, and entirely still, with no one in it. There were surrounding plants and trees that created a rooftop oasis in the middle of the city. High glass stretched around the edge of the building, to prevent any jumpers or stumblers from giving the hotel unwanted publicity.

It didn’t take long for me to notice that this was not my crowd. A bunch of pompous looking dudes with haircuts that probably cost more than my two-week salary. The women were modelesque, but not in a good way. Tall, boney, and expressionless – not my type at all. I considered my family well off, but these people were on a whole other level, seemingly detached from reality. They all had shades on, so I couldn’t tell if they were looking at me and judging me on my peasant attire. Whatever. I was gonna have fun whether they joined in or not.

I went over to the bar and ordered some champagne. Time to reply to Maddy’s last message. I thought back to her last message, which mentioned that I had already seen her in person and that we were brother and sister. Perhaps it was Katie’s lecture, perhaps it was the expensive booze, but I was feeling frisky.

{“Doesn’t mean I wouldn’t like to see again! 😊”}

Sent.

Katie and Amy finally came out to join me. The golden hour sun beamed down on my sister, making her look positively radiant in her pink bikini. Her curves never seized to amaze me. Amy was no slouch herself, in a tiger-striped one piece. It was a breath of fresh air seeing them in their colorful outfits, breaking up the black and white sterility of the “party.”

“What’re you so cheesy about,” Katie commented.

“Nothing, just enjoying the views. Ready to get this thing going,” I said, finishing my first champagne and ordering a second.

“Haha, knew you guys would bring the fun! These things get so stuffy sometimes,” Amy said.

“Amy, thanks for helping out with Kyle, by the way,” I said. “Don’t think I’ve seen you since.”

“Oh, don’t mention it! Dude’s a creep, I noticed that at Halloween.”

“Yeah, everyone picked up on it. Except Drew!” Katie said.

“He’s alright, as long as girls aren’t around,” I said. Amy smiled at me.

“but uhh….you guys should prolly cool it with your ‘pranks’ up here tonight, k?” She winked at us. “If you haven’t noticed, not really that type of crowd. And they can make things miserable for you, if you piss them off.”

“Not that type of crowd until the 8 balls come out,” Katie muttered.

“Haha true. Then all bets are off,” Amy said.

The three of us continued to chat and drink and eventually were the first people to get in the pool. I was surprised a couple of others actually joined us. They didn’t seem too bad. Perhaps I misjudged these people. From the water, I noticed my phone lighting up. I swam over and climbed up the ladder.

Message from Maddy

I dried my fingers and opened up the app. I noticed Katie glancing over at me, but opened the message anyway.

{“Lol. What do u want to c?"}

Oh my God. My dick twinged in my swim trunks reading that one.

{“Hmmm. You’ve sent everything separately…..can I see it all at once?”}

Sent. I was feeling way too bold for my own good at this point. I tossed my phone aside and dove back into the pool. Once I re-emerged, a dude in a black suit was standing over me.

“Monsieur, there is no diving in the pool.” He said curtly.

“Oh, errr….sorry.” I said. He didn’t reply, and strode away with swift elegance.

“Way to go, Gatsby,” Katie mumbled. “Hey, you wanna try kicking it down into fourth gear for a bit? You’re doing a lot right now.”

“Sorry for partying,” I said.

“Who ya texting over there?”

“Don’t worry about it,” I said.

“Oh, you’re gonna be Douche Drew now? Okay, that’s cool.” Katie swam away and climbed out of the pool. I admired her behind with discretion. She waltzed over to some rich dude and began chatting him up. I laughed at her childishness. These dudes were the FURTHEST you could possibly be from Katie’s preference and everyone knew it. She wasn’t fooling anybody.

“Don’t worry, that guy’s harmless,” Amy whispered in my ear.

“Whaa…oh…I wasn’t” I stumbled over my words.

“Unless he bores her to death, that is. Just another pretty face with deep pockets. Dime a dozen, in this city.”

“Right.”

Amy and I climbed out of the pool ourselves and relaxed in the lounge chairs.

“So, heard you guys got a big wedding coming up, huh? You’re bringing Kelly?” She asked.

“Yeah, should be a good time. We’re excited for it and heard the venue’s badass.”

“Thanks for the invite,” she said.

“Err, sorry, I just…hadn’t seen you, and was hanging out with Kelly - ”

Amy interrupted me with laughter. “I’m just joking Drew!” She patted my thigh in a friendly manner. “But we all should start hanging out more. Maybe recreate some of that first night magic, huh?” She got up and walked to the bathroom. She had a nice ass for such a slim figure. Though it may have just looked better compared to all the flat, shapeless women at this party.

Message from Maddy

I placed a towel over my lower half. Wasn’t about to be caught sitting here with a boner. I opened the app and was thrilled to see a red square. That meant one thing: Pic!

The only thing behind me was the glass edge of the building and the streets below. I opened the message, but was quickly disappointed.
Maddy was fully dressed, and took the selfie from her shoulders up. Still, she looked cute as ever. She was smiling with her tongue out but the caption on the pic said {“Noooooooooo”}

Fuck. This was becoming an aggravating game. I didn’t even know how to respond.

I had passed the peak point of drunkness and was now on the way down where you become less energetic and euphoric and more tired and grouchy. I began devouring some of the hors d'oeuvres. It wasn’t long before Katie noticed me sulking and came over to me.

“What’s up, you good?” She asked.

“Yeah, fine,” I slurred.

“Think, we should head back, this thing’s pretty lame,” she said.

“Agreed.”

“I’ll meet you back out by the elevators. I’m gonna change and say bye to Amy.”

“k.”

I said my own goodbye and thanked Amy for inviting us. She seemed bummed we were leaving, and was probably about to take off herself.

Katie and I rode the train home without much talking. Partially because we were still annoyed with each other, partially because we were tired, and partially because it was prime weirdo hour on the subway. It’s best to stay as inconspicuous as possible in these situations.

We got home, and Katie went right to the bathroom and turned the shower on. I waited in my room, wanting to shower myself. I pulled out my phone. Goddamn I was horny and frustrated, which wasn’t the best state of mind to reply to Maddy. But fuck it.

I took a few selfies of myself, until I captured one where I thought I looked good.

I typed out a message: {“How’s it different from the other pics you texted? At least it will disappear on here!”}

That seemed aggressive – even with Katie’s advice echoing in my mind. I fixed the wording a bit and ended up sending this:

{“No worries! 😊 I like the other ones and those won’t disappear! :P :P :P ”}

The shower turned off and I heard Katie make her way to her room and close her door. Her words continued to play.

Well, if you want aggressive this is what I’ll give ya.

I dropped trow and slapped my dick around until I worked up a chub. Despite feeling extremely horny, the alcohol caused this to take some time. I walked naked over to Katie’s room, turned the handle quietly, and entered. Katie was standing in front of her mirror wrapped up in a towel. She was startled at first, but then began snickering. Not the reaction I was going for.

“What’re you doing?” She said in-between laughter. Her amused gaze at my penis made me self-conscious. I palmed my cock-n-balls with my hands.

“Was thinking maybe we could….you know..”

“Bang? Hahaha” She continued to laugh.

“Why are you laughing?” My face turned red. “I thought you said you wanted me to be more forward?”

“Did you miss the part about inappropriate timing?” She chuckled. “I just showered. And Maddy is right next door and Mom is right downstairs.”

I just stared at her like an idiot.

“We’re not having sex, Drew. Get out of here,” she said. “Have a cold shower.”

I didn’t move, or say anything.

“Can I least see something?” I asked “I’m horny AF right now!” I tried not to sound too whiny.

“No!” She laughed. “Get out of here, perv.”

Dejected, I slumped my head and turned to walk over to the bathroom.

“Drew?” Katie said behind me.

“What?” I turned back to her. She wore a sly smile.

To my utter thrill, Katie unhooked her towel and spread it wide open, granting me a full frontal look at her banging boobs and shaved kitty. She did an enchanting little “one-two” move where she moved her hips to her right then back to her left. Then she closed her towel again and shooed me away. I fapped in the shower and came within 20 seconds.



