Loving mens eyes on me 

Quite honestly I have been an exhibitionist since a very young age. I know now my birth mother was a black woman but my father, who I know nothing about, was a white man. I grew up in foster care and have always been easy going and got along well with everyone. When I think back to my younger years I am fortunate that I was never sexually abused. Mainly because I had no modesty even after I went through puberty. In appearance I am obvously mixed race but I have been blessed with a healthy and well proportioned body. I spent time in private foster homes and also group homes and in later years in a large orphanage. It was never shameful or humiliating if someone saw me naked whether male or female. Once I became aware of how much the men and boys were excited to see me nude I not only did it more often but also encouraged it. Not only with the foster fathers but with other males in the household or group home. While bathing I would ask one of them to get something for me and bring it in to me. There were times when a few of the men, mostly the foster fathers, would lecture me and insist I shouldn't let them see me naked. When that happened I would stop exposing myself to them. Many others never objected and none of the other boys who saw me nude ever encouraged me to get dressed. I loved having their eyes conscentrated on my body and as I got older would feel myself become aroused by it. Over the years many of them saw or watched me masturbate but only one time was I critisized for it. If my recollection is correct there were four boys who I undressed and masturbated naked for while they were in the room with me. Three were younger than me but one was a year older. It wasn't just one time with those boys but many times never with more than one of them at a time. I always made them swear they wouldn't tell anyone but am not sure if they kept that a secret. When I did that it was very intimate for me having them so close and seeing me so exposed. I would explode with orgasms and the older boy would masturbate as he watched me. He is the only one I had mutual masturbation with. Up until I went out on my own he was the only boy I ever jerked off or let masturbate me. I have a good job today and a steady boyfriend who doesn't know me for what I am. Once an adult my modesty never improved and I continue to take every opportunity to expose myself. I've been living in the same apartment now for over four years. I selected it over many others because it is a garden apartment where there are many men. Some young, some old, some married and some not. My apartment is next to a walkway to the parking area and is heavily traveled. I can't begin to come up with a number but many of the men living here have seen me naked many times. Just a few months ago a woman came to my door telling me I should close my side drape because her husband saw me naked. I felt like saying he isn't the only one but instead apoligized and said I didn't think anyone could see in. I have done most everything I can think of to arouse myself just by exposing myself. It is such a turn on for me even when I'm seen in my bra and panties. I wear skirts often, most of the time with panties or a thong but sometimes wear nothing under the skirt. I take the bus to work everyday and often have my panties in my purse until I get to work. I have no family but am fortunate enough to have many friends. I never have exposed myself to any of my friends husbands but have at times been seen naked by a few of the single guys. I'm always coy about it and try to make it look innocent. They all know my boyfriend well but none have told him about it. The thoughts of having a man watch me masturbate naked is always in my mind but very hard to do. Only two times in the last four years have I been able to be successful other than with my boyfriend. Last year I went on a business trip with my boyfriend. We stayed in a motel in Tampa and while he was at a business dinner with his boss I had the drape open on the window. I saw a man coming up the stairs and stood close enough to window that he would see me naked as he walked by. Then he came back a minute or two later and just stood at the railing while glancing into my room. I couldn't see him very well but knew he was watching me. It aroused me right away and I flopped down on the bed and masturbated knowing he was watching. The only other time was when a man who lives near my apartment watched me but that was about three years ago. My boyfriend often tells me my outfit or bikini is too revealing but I ignore his comments about it. I like men looking at me most of all when they see me naked and there are about seven or eight men who seem to be in the walkway more often than usual at night. They can see into my bedroom but none of the seem to stay long enough and rather than stand still looking in they walk back and forth. I do try to have them see me masturbating but when I glance up at the window they are seldom there any longer. I'll just have to be satisfied knowing they have seen me nude. Just by knowing one of them saw me naked arouses me enough to where I have to masturbate. I get wet as soon as I know they looked in at me. I never leave the drape open when my boyfriend is here and he has no knowledge of how many males have seen me naked over my lifetime so far. He has asked me to move in with him at times but I can't do that and can't tell him why.