Skinny Dipping In Hawaii
by MaxBar

A couple go skinny dipping and find that they have a voyeur.

The luau ended at 11pm. A half-hour later, we pulled into the parking space in front of our rented condo on the Kona coast.

"I don't feel like watching TV," Roni said. "Want to go for a swim?"

"Sure, but the pool closed at ten."

"Even better. We can go skinny dipping."

"If they turned the lights out," I said. "We don't want someone to call Hawaii Five-0."

"Last night everything was as black as your hat."

"I don't wear a hat. Okay, but you'd better start out with your suit on. No matter how good-looking you are, there might be some prude who objects to us walking around nude."

"Of course I'll wear a suit, silly. There may be someone else who got there before us. But if we're alone I hope you're in a randy mood because we haven't fucked in the water for too long."

She stepped next to me, placed her hand between my legs and rubbed my cock--enough to cause an instant boner.

She smiled. "Feels like you're ready for some sex in the pool. How would you like to start? Once we're naked, I could start with a nice hand job. Or if you float on your back I could suck on this and keep you from sinking."

"Why don't we just shuck these clothes right now, get into bed and I'll screw your beautiful kitty until she purrs."

Roni unzipped my fly, inserted her hand inside my pants and got more intimate with my very hard dick.

"That sounds wonderful, but I'd really like you to fuck me while we're skinny dipping. We don't get the chance very often and I do not want to miss out."

"Then what are we waiting for? Don't forget the towels."

The resort had two pools. We headed for the smaller, less utilized one toward the rear of the grounds. The walk took us no more than five minutes. The air temperature was warm, with only a slight breeze. The pool and hot tubs were on a rise ten steps above the blacktop. A low metal picket fence surrounded the area. The gate had been locked, so I picked Roni up and set her down inside the pool area before I hopped the fence. A full moon made it easy to see and created shimmering lines of light on the bottom of the pool.

"Are you going to dive in?" Roni asked.

I shook my head. "I'll use the steps at the shallow end."

"Me too."

Roni waded in, stayed close to the side of the pool, dog-paddled half way to the deep end and grabbed a handful of combing on the side farthest from the roadway. I swam to the deep end down the middle of the pool, flipped around under the diving board and retraced my path. Halfway to the shallows something hit the water directly in front of me.

"Hey," Roni said. "Grab my suit before it sinks and come over here."

Before her swimsuit sank, I latched on to Roni's black one-piece and swam over to her.

"We're supposed to be skinny dipping," she said. "And you've still got your suit on."

I smiled and in a second I had my trunks off and tossed them and her suit onto the deck.

"Can you see me underwater?" she asked.

I nodded and just kept smiling. "The moonlight makes your tits look beautiful. And I see your nipples are nice and hard."

She raised her eyebrows twice. "Want a bite?"

"More than one."

Roni used her forearm to raise herself partially out of the water--enough for me to get a good look at her boobs and succulent nipples. I cradled her ass under my left arm, raised her up a little more, squeezed her left tit and licked the right nipple.

"Oooh! That feels sooo good," she said.

I licked her a few more times and then sucked gently on the brick red nipple.

"Oooh! Don't stop."

"Just for a minute. Let's go into the shallow water by the steps."

"If you lay back on the steps, I'll play with your cock."

"Sounds like more fun than that luau."

"That was kind of corny, wasn't it?"

"Uh-huh. I'd rather watch you do the hula."

"When we go back to the condo I'll dance nude for you if you fuck me in this pool."

A smile spanned my entire face. "You're nothing but a wanton hussy, but that's an offer I can't refuse."

The steps at the three foot deep end of the pool spanned four feet on each side of the corner with a metal banister running down the center. From the top step you could look over the short hedge that surrounded the pool area and see the blacktop road and the strip of condos on the opposite side. I sat on the second step with only my legs in the water and my stiff cock standing up, feeling the warm night breeze. I rested my elbows on the pool deck and Roni sat next to me with her body exposed.

"Damn, you look good," I said.

"You, too. Look at this thing of yours." She slowly moved her hand up and down on my hard dick. "You're doing your impression of the Washington Monument."

"Oh, that's good," I said. "You give the best hand jobs on the planet."

Then I saw the tiny red glow of a cigarette on a second floor balcony across the roadway. Roni continued to jerk me off and the glowing tip moved, apparently from the smoker's mouth down to where he or she rested their hand. I liked the idea of having sex in front of an audience. It was little more than a hundred feet from us to the building where our voyeur sat. Easy to see us and even easier if they had binoculars. When the cigarette disappeared I reached out to squeeze Roni's tit and bent over to lick her nipple while she continued to stroke my cock.

"Why don't you suck on me for a while?" I said. "Move down a step or two and put your mouth on my cock."

She enveloped my dick with her mouth and bobbed her head up and down sucking with each upward movement. Roni moans while giving head. That combined with the sucking sounds creates one of the sexiest things I've ever heard.

I looked toward the balcony again and saw more movement of the glowing cigarette. I assumed the voyeur was enjoying our show.

Roni stopped sucking for a moment. "Sucking your cock is getting my poor little pussy so hot, I absolutely need you to fuck me right now. And besides, I don't want to make you come before I feel this big piece of meat inside me."

It took a brief moment for me to catch my breath after feeling my cock sucked so expertly and the sight of my wife's beautiful lips wrapped around my shaft. "That sounds great. If you rest your hands on the combing and tilt your bottom up and I'll pay Miss Pussy a visit doggy style."

"Miss Pussy would love to have a big, hard cock visit her."

Finding Roni's hot, wet cunt was easy. She had spread her legs and offered her ass to me. I slid my dick in, pulled her hips to me and pumped away."

"Oooh, God, that's good!" she said, a little too loudly, and reached down to diddle her clit while I fucked her from behind.

"Sush," I said. "Someone might hear you and I'd have to stop."

"I can't help it," she whispered. "This feels sooo gooood."

The sound of a metal chair dragged over a rough floor came across the blacktop road. I assumed our voyeur was trying to get a closer look. I hoped they were enjoying the show. I certainly loved performing for them.

"What was that?" Roni asked.

I didn't want to spoil the moment and kept sliding my dick into her wet pussy. "I didn't hear anything."

I wondered if the spectator was rubbing his cock or caressing her clit. I hoped watching us have sex would get them hot enough to cum.

I stopped thrusting my cock into my wife long enough to cup her boobs in my hands and squeeze.

"Rub my nipples," she said.

I rubbed the hard points, pinched them and rubbed again.

"Oh, that feels good, but now fuck me harder."

I grabbed her hips again and jammed my cock into her slot until my groin slammed into her cheeks, my balls swung back and forth with each movement. She flexed her ass and wiggled, bending my dick and tightening her cunt around me. We fucked for a few more minutes before my dick and the finger on her clit brought Roni to a climax.

"Oh, God!" she gasped.

"Sush." A moment later I shot my load into her and stifled anything I wanted to shout.

Roni turned and kissed me. "Let's get wet again."

We swam to the deep end, kissed again and treaded water for a few moments. I glanced up at the balcony and could have sworn that I saw someone sitting forward resting their arms on the railing.

Under the diving board Roni asked, "Do you think they'll be any evidence that we 'came' in the pool tonight?"

I shook my head. "Maybe for a few minutes, but that's why they have pool filters."

She smiled. "I get sleepy after an orgasm. Ready to get out?"

"I'm with you, Sweetie."

We climbed up the ladder out of the water and walked to where I had thrown our swimsuits. I knew the voyeur could get a good look at my naked wife.

I held my trunks and watched Roni shimmy into her wet suit. Her hips went up on one side and down on the other. Her tits jiggled and then she covered them--hiking up one strap and then the other over her shoulders.

"Are you walking back naked?" she asked.

I slipped into my trunks. "Better to have them on."

After we dried off, I lifted Roni over the gate and we began the walk back to our condo.

Half way there she asked, "Did it feel like someone was watching us, or was I imagining things?"

"Probably a mongoose looking out of the bushes. They're nocturnal, right?"
