DISCLAIMER:
This story is a work of fiction.  Any coincidences are just that, coincidences.

   The Power of Touch by NotVeryNice (notveryniceoneeither@yahoo.com) MC, LONG, INC, ANY COMBO OF MFmf, CON, ROM

   Chapter 2

   Sam came up between Eddie and I and put her arms around both of us.  "Crazy day, huh?"
   "Yeah, not every day you find out your brother is a god." Eddie said. 
   "I'm not a god, Eddie." They both stared at me.  I looked at them and said "Well, maybe, I don't know.  I'm not omnipotent or omniscient or anything."
   Sam retorted "Yet..." while Eddie said "As far as you know..."
   I just rolled my eyes and continued walking.  We continued our journey home.  Eddie waved as he turned off to his house and Sam and I headed to ours.  We walked in the door and mom asked us to set the table for dinner.  We went through the motions and put all the dinner stuff where it goes.  Dinner was very good.  Mom makes some great spaghetti.
   Tonight was the usual dinner.  Mom asks us how our day was.  We say good and usually leave it at that.  She tells us about her day and Stupid Steve just sits there and eats.  I don't know why she is even with this guy.  He's always so temperamental.  It's like hes in a permanent state of male menstrual cycle.  He's always got to find some fault in Sam and me.  Whatever...  I'm sure he knows we don't like him.  Hmm...  I wonder if I could read him and maybe make him more enjoyable to be around.  I need find a way to make physical contact with him long enough.  Ill keep an eye out for an opportunity.
   After dinner, I washed the dishes and Sam dried them.  It was better this way than splitting the days because then we would spend twice the time there and working together made everything easier.  Mom settled on the couch and Stupid Steve took his usual Lay-z-Boy with a beer.  I finished up with the dishes and Sam headed upstairs.  I went and sat by mom and made a gesture that I wanted to lay on her lap.
   "Really, Aaron, you haven't laid with me like this in ages." She said chuckling and lowering her legs onto the floor as I settled my head on her lap.  "Am I not allowed anymore?" I asked her when my head settled.  "Of course you're allowed, sweetie, it's just been a long time since you've wanted to."
   I wanted to read mom and make sure she's OK.  I couldn't read her through her pants so I took her hand and held it by my shoulder.  That did the trick.  I focused and got the rush again.  Hmm...  Something is off.  What's...  It seems that her energy levels have been dropping steadily over the past few years.  I wonder what that all meant.  I figured if anyone I knew deserved to get a higher quality body, it was mom.  I went ahead and told/wished her endocrine system to increase her body's efficiency in hormone production and metabolism.  Then I told all her organs individually to increase cell regeneration.  Her heart to strengthen and beat slower and harder like a lot of long distance runners and cyclists.  I also told her lungs to utilize their entirety and improve how she breathed.  Then I told her skin to regain its elasticity and I told all her other cells (like her muscles, tendons, and ligaments) to regain their regenerative abilities she had when she was a teenager.
   A bit of a wicked though struck me and I had an 'I killed the canary' smile on my face.  I increased sensitivity in her breasts (especially her nipples), and specifically told her endocrine system to increase production of hormones to grow her breasts to a nice big handful (she had decent apple sized ones right now).  Then I doubled her pleasure nerves in her clit, pussy, and asshole.  I thought for a bit and decided to deaden the pain receptors in those areas, as well.  Mom made a little surprised noise after all that.  It only took about 10 seconds to do all that.  I'm sure tonight was going to be a great night for her.   hehehe...
   I stayed there laying on mom's lap contemplating what I'd need to do to Stupid Steve to make him a more pleasant person.  I thought I'd do some remote recon on him and I focused on him and took stock of what I saw.  Seems like he's got some sort of imbalance in his body making him experience a more heightened sense of discomfort and increasingly less pleasure.  Looking up and down it seems that, by some stroke of luck for him, the imbalance didn't reach his dick.  I suppose that he got full enjoyment from that.  Things were starting to make sense.  He's so unpleasant to everyone because he perceives the world in such a discomfort that it's only natural that he is a discomfort right back.  I also see why mom originally got with him.  He's got a monster 10-incher in his pants.  Mom!  You naughty cougar, you!
   Ok, then.  A plan was forming.  While I was still connected, I formulated what I wanted to change in him.  I was going to fix that imbalance and increase his normal endorphin secretion a bit.  That should make him in a constant state of happiness.  I stood up and I heard a barely audible moan coming from mom.  I looked at her and her eyes were closed.  She was also grinding her legs together.  Looks like her clit was getting a thorough workout after I heightened its sensitivity.  I went to Stupid Steve and put my hand on his arm while closing my eyes and focusing.  I was able to make the changes in a split second because I already had them set in my mind.  To cover the reason why I actually touched him I asked "Want another beer, Steve?"
   He looked up at me warily.  It was probably the first time I asked if he wanted something.  "Yeah, sure." He replied as he tilted his bottle a little to the side and took stock of what he had left.  He lifted it to his mouth and downed the few gulps left.  I went to the kitchen and got another Coors Light and opened it for him.  He eyed me while I walked to him.  "What's wrong with you?" He was clearly suspicious.  "I had a thought.  The only way we're going to start to coexist in a more enjoyable manner is if we are nicer to each other.  So, I made the first step."  I handed him the beer and patted his shoulder.  I turned around and went upstairs.
   Sam's room was the first one on my left.  The door was open so I went inside.  She was sitting at her desk doing her homework.  When we were kids and she was playing some game on her computer or her console (we had a SNES, Sega, and a PS2 which all belonged to our dad) I would come up behind her and sit on the back of the chair she was sitting on and watch her play. She'd do the same to me, but since she was always smaller, she could lean forward and lean her head and arms on my head.  We grew to like small physical touches like that.  Unfortunately, now, I'm way too big to sit on the back of her chair.  Since we have a PS3 now, she doesn't need to stay close to the console so she likes to lean back and prop her feet up.
   I went to her night stand where she had her feet propped up.  She's always had nice feet, I think.  I picked them up and sat where they were and set them down on my lap.  She was playing one of the Assassin's Creed games.  I never really got into them, but I knew what they looked like.  I watched her make 200 foot jumps off the steeple of churches and buildings and land on a tiny pile of hay.  I snickered and said "That's not how physics works..."
   "Yeah, but it looks cool, doesn't it?" Was her reply.
   "True." I paused a bit after I said that while I gathered my thoughts. "I changed Stupid Steve." For a long time now, our little inside joke to cope with our step-dad's annoyingness was to refer to him as 'Stupid Steve'.
   She paused her game and looked at me.  "What do you mean?  Did you make his skin all polka dotted?" She's always a bit of a smart ass.  Although that does make me wonder just what I am capable of doing... 
   "No, I looked inside and saw that his body was always in discomfort.  I figured that this was why he was always such a sourpuss.  I'm hoping that with me fixing that and having more endorphins pumped into his bloodstream might make his less grouchy."
   "Endorphins is what makes you happy right?"
   "Sort of.  It does a lot of stuff, but it can all be considered 'happy'."
   "Lets hope you're right and he's not just happy when he makes our lives miserable."
   "I can always change him back.  Come to think of it, I could easily kill someone just by making their heart stop." I mused.
   "Remind me not to piss you off..."
   "Come on, Sam.  Am I the kind of guy to go around on a rampage?"
   "No, but everyone has their breaking point.  You're just scarier now that you can do all this and I can't do anything."
   "Hmm.  Point.  What if you could though?  I still have quite a bit of understanding to go, but if I can figure out what it is that gives me this ability and since I can already change peoples DNA, what's to stop me from making someone else capable of this?  I mean, it's got to be some anomalous mutation that's letting me do this, right?" 
   "I don't know.  I'm not a geneticist.  If you do figure it out, keep me in mind, eh?"
   "Well, of course.  Aside from you, who is it that I trust more in this this world, Sam?"
   Sam smiled at me one of her bright smiles that lights up the room.  She turned back to her game and commenced to beat up the soldiers that she continued to antagonize.  While she was doing that, her feet were still on my lap.  She started to move them back and forth almost imperceptibly on my dick.  I was looking at her now and she gave a quick glance my way and curled the corner of her lips up a bit, but kept moving her feet.  I sat there enjoying it and remembered something. 
   "I changed mom too.  I gave hew whole body a rejuvenating makeover.  Then I gave her a little gift."
   "Like flowers?" She said still playing her game.
   "Not quite.  More like this." I grabbed her foot and gave her the same changes I gave mom.  Her eyes widened and she looked at me forgetting to pause her game and some soldier started to beat up on her guy.  "What did you just do??  Oh my..." She started to fidget visibly now and rotated her hips while pushing her tits against her shirt.  She started to make little mewling noises and continued to make her little movements.  I decided to help her out and while holding onto her feet, I decided to increase her pleasure centers in her feet and connected them straight to her clit which I could tell was very excited at the moment.
   I started to massage her feet and she opened her eyes wide again and half closed them while she enjoyed the massage I was giving her.  She pushed her feet a lot more obviously on my growing manhood.  Her breathing got more and more ragged and she started to quiver a little.  I took both thumbs and pressed hard on her heels and pushed up through her soles and to the balls of her feet and she started to jerk her hips.  I continued to massage her feet while she rode her orgasm to completion.  I slowly returned her feet to normal and just sat there watching her.
   "That was crazy awesome.  What did you do??" She asked incredulously.
   "I added a little bit to you comparing to what I did to mom.  Mom seemed to enjoy what I did though.  So, in a nutshell, your whole body is going to keep rejuvenating itself, you'll have more energy, your tits will keep growing to a very nice handful, and they are also very sensitive now.  Your clit and pussy are much more sensitive, too.  So is your asshole." I said that last part and winked at her.  "The extra I gave you was your feet.  I made them more sensitive and connected the pleasure straight to your clit while I massaged them.  I changed them back afterwards, see?" I massaged her feet again. 
   "Why did you do that?  I liked it!" She was almost whining.
   "Think about it.  You want to be having orgasms in the middle of the soccer field?" I said, grinning.
   "Maybe..." She blushed a little when she said that, but grinned right back.
   "Hahaha.  Ok.  I'll change them back but I won't make them as sensitive as just now." I did so and you could tell she liked it.  She started to run them on my hard dick.
   "You still have a stiff problem here though." It's amazing how girls can change their voices from whining to sexy in seconds.
   "Mmmm.  That's pretty good, but the door is open..." I lifted her feet and stood up.  My dick was tenting out my shorts pretty bad.  I got to the door and listened at the stairs.  Mom and Stupid Steve were still downstairs.  Luckily the stairs had about 3 or 4 steps that creak in a row, so unless you wanted to hop 5 steps up at a time, the upstairs always heard someone coming up from downstairs.  I quietly closed the door and walked back towards Sam. 
   She caught me as I passed her and spun her chair so she was facing me. She placed her hands on my hips and looked up at me.  I just looked right back at her amazing greenish brown eyes and half smiled.  She reached under my shirt and pulled my shorts down slowly.  I realized what she was about to do.  When my dick cleared the waistband, it popped up and she caught it with her lips.  She started to use her tongue on the underside while she circled the base with her hand.  I had a wild thought and while she was already touching me I focused and changed the nerves in her mouth and connected those to her nipples and then to her clit all together.  All she did was make a 'ommhhfkmmm' type noise and put more gusto into what she was doing.  She was moaning much more than me.  I think she couldn't take it anymore because while one hand was pumping my dick, the other went straight into the front of her shorts.  She was rubbing her clit.  I knew exactly what she was doing because I was still focusing on her. 
   The fact that I knew how much she was enjoying herself seems to send my pleasure to new heights.  She felt my dick throb faster and she knew what was happening.  She redoubled her efforts and within seconds I felt myself pour out into her hungry mouth.  She swallowed every drop and continued to rub her clit.  She pulled her mouth off but kept a hand on my still hard dick and her other hand went into overdrive.  She was starting to make a lot of noise so I suppressed her ability to make noise with her mouth just as she was about to scream.  She silently opened her mouth and I knew that if I hadn't made her a temporary mute, she'd be screaming and mom would be rushing up here.  I saw her shorts get visibly wet like she peed in her pants and she held her rigid body still.  After a few moments, I gave her voice back and she was panting and making guttural noises with her throat. "Oh...  my...  god...  Aaron...  What did...  You do...  to me...?" 
   "I think I just helped you have the biggest orgasm of your life."
   "Biggest doesn't cover...  it..." She was regaining her breath.
   "I'm glad I could help.  That was a damn good blowjob, by the way." I winked at her and tucked myself back in.  I took her hand and reversed the changes to her mouth.  I chuckled to myself imagining her having orgasms in the cafeteria or dinner table. 
   "What's funny?"
   "I connected your mouth to your nipples and clit.  That's why you enjoyed that blowjob so much.  I reversed it just now."
   "You're amazing, Aaron." She was still panting a little.  "That last one wore me the hell out.  Did you do something to my voice too?"
   "Oh, haha, yeah.  I made you into a mute for a bit.  I don't think you would have appreciated mom and Stupid Steve barging in here while you're past the point of no return"
   "You can do that??"
   "I'm betting I can do a whole lot more." I decided to try an experiment and I held up my arm and made the skin on my forearm spell out 'Samantha' in green cursive.  Cool, it worked.  I changed it to normal.  Sam was bug-eyed at that.
   "OK Mr.  Mutant.  I'm gonna go take a shower and we will talk after that." I smiled at her and got up to go to my room.  I did have a whole lot to think about.  I laid down in bed and started thinking.
1.	I have an amazing ability
2.	I have to keep it a secret
3.	I need to find out who I can trust
4.	I have to get Eddie, Danny, and Sam not to tell a soul about me and what I can do
5.	I have to find out how this ability works
6.	I have to use it to make this world better.  Maybe I'll start with just my school and neighborhood.
7.	I have to find out my limits so I don't cross them.
8.	I have to find out how much I can do at a time
   I looked at the terrarium my mom got for me for my birthday last year and the chameleons I have there.  I wonder if I can do anything to animals. I got up and walked over to it.  Opening the top of the terrarium I reached in and pulled out one of the chameleon.  I closed my eyes and focused on it and got a much simpler rush of information.  I supposed that since they have a much lower tier level of brain function, the rush would be simpler. One thing that I saw that surprised me a bit was in the emotions layer.  This reptile has a lot of the same emotions as us.  I figured I would try an experiment here and I tried to make my little buddy happy by increasing endorphins.  I got what felt like thoughts.  Pictures of bugs that he apparently liked to eat.  Confusion as to why he was happy without eating those bugs.  I opened my eyes and grabbed a cricket from the little cage, I suppose you could call it, and fed it to the chameleon.  I put him back in the terrarium and closed it up again.
   So, I am Professor Xavier and Dr.  Doolittle.  Awesome haha.  I sat back on my bed and Sam walked into my room all ready for bed.  She was wearing a shirt that she's had for years and no bra.  I could make out her nice pale pink nipples and I saw that they were hard.  She was also only wearing panties, but this pair used to be light pink, it was now damn near transparent.  She walked over and sat on the bed next to me.  She hesitated a bit and then leaned over and told me "I'm still cumming a little bit" then leaned back.
   Well that did the trick.  I was starting to get hard again.  I looked at the clock and it was close to 8:30 and I knew that mom would be coming up here soon.  "Later, mom is coming up soon to go to bed.  You know how routine-driven she is."
   "I guess...  If you wanna wait so long..." She started playing with her nipples.  I grabbed her shoulders and lowered her on the bed so she was laying down.  I closed my eyes again and focused on her.  I made her a mute again and connected all her erogenous zones together and told her clit to respond in triplicate to every little bit of stimulation.  Then I semi-lightly flicked her right on her clit.  Sam went crazy and I could see her panties start to get immediately wet.  Visibly wet and spreading.  My god!  She was squirting.  That's so sexy... 
   I got up and went to listen at the stairs.  There were some weird noises coming from downstairs and I started to come down stairs.  I knew that the 9th step down was the first one that squeaked so I stopped on the 8th step down and listened.  I heard slurping sounds and I could have sworn that I head Stupid Steve make a noise.  I backed up and laid head down on the stairs so I could see into the living room.  Holy shit!  Mom was giving Stupid Steve head while she played with herself. 
   I watched for a bit and sneaked quietly back into my room.  I shut the door as I went in and walked over to the constantly quivering Sam.  She looked at me with pure lust in her eyes.  I reached under her shirt and squeezed her tit and pinched her nipple and connected with her again.  Her body was going crazy.  She'd been having a constant explosive orgasm since I left.  Granted it was only a minute or so that it took me to go to the stairs and come back, but still.  This was one hardcore orgasm.  I undid the changes and left the mute for a bit.  I opened my eyes and I saw her ride the last few waves and start to settle down.  I gave her voice back and watched her some more.
   She just stared at me with the most sated expression I've ever seen.  I just smiled at her.  She finally found her voice and all she could say was "Wow." over and over.  I leaned down and kissed her forehead. 
   "You broke me, you know." She stated dreamily.
   "What do you mean?"
   "I'm never going to have great sex from some normal guy now that I know what you can do."
   I thought about it for a bit.  "I guess you'll just have to stick with me then."
   Sam just relaxed and smiled.  Within seconds she was asleep.  I got her undressed and she was still seeping her cum out of her pussy.  I leaned down and licked it up.  She made one huge fucking mess on my bed.  Note to self: only induce mind blowing orgasms on her bed from now on.  I got her dressed and tried to pick her up.  She felt a bit heavy for me, being loose dead weight and all, and an obvious thought struck me.  Why am I not improving myself??  I instantly focused on myself and saw all the same rushed information.  I made my muscles 3 time stronger, then opened my eyes. She was light as a feather now.  Cool! I went into her room and laid her down on her bed.  I got her a change of clothes.  Just panties and a shirt was fine, I guess.  I got her completely undressed, admiring her flawless body and briefly licking her pussy again one last time.  I got her dressed and covered her up.  I kissed her forehead again and closed her door.  Now I had to go change my bed sheets.  Thanks Sam...
   I'll just tell mom that Sam spilled something on my bed and I said that I'll take care of it.  I took the sheet off and put it in the dirty laundry basket right outside my room.  Got some fresh sheets and put them on my bed and laid down again.  I focused on myself again and gave myself the same basic upgrade that I gave mom.  I wanted something extra, though.  I watch a lot of science fiction movies and I immediately got a lot of crazy ideas. I had to deny myself some of them, like natural night vision or gills to breathe underwater.  Some I definitely changed on myself, though.  I could now see for what seemed like miles, I'd never get tired, I'd probably stop aging at 22 years old.  I made my bones about as hard as adamantium (thanks X-Men!) and my muscles even stronger than when I carried Sam, with immediate recovery too.  I increased my reflexes three-fold and my metabolism was optimized so I could eat anything anytime and not have to ever worry.  I was basically Superman, I just couldn't fly or shoot lasers out of my eyes.
   I decided to try something really tricky now.  I looked at the genetic makeup of my brain.  I paid attention to all the intricacies and the structural makeup.  After a little bit, I noticed where all my memories were stored.  The neurons connecting that to the rest of my brain seems to be a little fragile.  I made 10 times more connection and strengthened that section of my brain as a whole.  I didn't want to mess with my own brain too much.  I suddenly could remember everything I've ever done.  I remember how my mom's breast milk tasted.  I remember scraping my leg from falling off my bike when I was 8.  Looks like school will never be an issue for me anymore.
   Let's take stock of what I know now.
1.	I can connect to seemingly everyone
2.	I can change anyone as long as I have physical contact
3.	I can connect to animals
4.	I need to figure out what I'm going to do now...
   I fell asleep with thoughts of tomorrow and much broader thoughts of what I should do to improve my life.
   Critiques?  Send me an email at notveryniceoneeither@yahoo.com Constructive criticism is always welcome.
