"I almost didn't think you would be here," Draco commented, sliding into the seat beside Ginny the following week. She was very pale in her dark Muggle clothing, and she had a folded piece of parchment in her hand. "What's that?"

"I've been trying to learn," she replied stiffly, holding the parchment in a white-knuckled grip. "I meant it. I just don't know how to go about it, is all."

"Come along, then," Draco said, standing. "You can't bring that about here. It won't fit in with the Muggle things, and you don't want to draw undue attention to yourself." When she didn't rise right away, Draco rolled his eyes and grasped her hand. "Come on, Weasley. Now's not the time to have your courage fail you."

"It hasn't," she snapped, rising to her feet. She could feel her cheeks grow warm and pink, but he had already turned away and was heading out the door. "Where are we going?"

He led them to a nearby bookstore. "If you're going to need notes when we talk, then you're going to need something much more appropriate," he murmured. Ginny could see that they were heading to a section marked Journals, and her breath stuck fast in her chest. Did he know? Could he know? Could he have been involved somehow?

She didn't trust him, but her gut instincts didn't tell her that he was lying. She had learned the hard way that some people's intentions didn't line up with their words. The knowledge probably colored all of her interactions since childhood, but it was something that had served her well during the war. She wasn't naïve, not by a long shot, but she wasn't an expert at deceit either. She could tell a believable lie if she had to – she wasn't the Weasley twins' little sister for nothing – but it wasn't something she preferred to do. Ginny wanted to do the right thing, but knew that it wasn't something that would happen easily. Public opinion was still too swayed against former Death Eaters and their families. Still, she knew more about the inner workings of the war than the average person. She didn't turn up her nose like so many others who had either forgotten or never knew the role the Malfoys played in that last pivotal year.

"All right, then, pick something," he said impatiently, mistaking her terror for reluctance. But Ginny had never written in a journal since her first year, and had avoided anything that looked like a diary. She knew better now, but it didn't mean that she meant to tempt fate, either. She looked up at Draco helplessly, not knowing how to begin explaining herself. "Oh, why not get something horridly Gryffindor?" he added, rolling his eyes.

Ginny grabbed the first thing she could find, a book with a red cover and gold filigree patterning on the front cover. She handed it to Draco for his approval, nearly smiling at his long-suffering sigh of impatience. "How's this, then?"

"Terrible, but it'll do," he replied.

"Fine, then. What would you pick out?"

She had meant it as a joke to settle her own spirits, but Draco seemed to take it seriously. He contemplated the display, settling on a fairly unassuming book at first look. It had a brown cover in a soft suede, and the pages inside had geometric or flowery designs along the borders. The cover matched her eyes. Ginny looked up, blinking in surprise. "It's lovely. I like it a lot."

Draco swapped journals, then selected a fountain pen before leading her to a section titled Politics. "All right, we're going to have to get you started understanding the basics."

"But I thought we were just going to talk. What does this have to do with it?" Ginny asked, confused. She watched him peruse the shelves with a sharp eye and nearly shivered at the intensity in them. She had never seen this side of him at school.

"If there's one thing I learned from my father," he said, a trace of bitterness in his voice, "it's that anything worth doing is worth doing well. If we're going to do this, then you should know what you're doing. You'd be forgiven, you know. I might be killed."

Ginny's mouth had gone dry. She hadn't stopped to think about the risk involved for Draco if he was caught undermining the government. "Why help me, then?"

He found another book on the shelf that he felt was appropriate and returned with four in his hands. "These are all introductory texts," he said, taking the diary and fountain pen back from her. "These should help you get started."

Ginny watched helplessly as he paid for all the items and carried them out of the store. He led them back to the café and ordered tea and biscuits. "Why are you helping me, then?" she asked after the waiter left. "Why risk yourself that way?" We aren't friends, she really wanted to say. Why would you sacrifice yourself if you don't have to?

His smile was a mirthless caricature of the one pasted across the Prophet gossip columns every week. "You can't save the world by yourself. No one else thinks it's broken."

"Why you, though? Why now?"

Because you really do mean it, he wanted to say. Instead, he shrugged as the waiter returned with their order. "It's still something that needs to be done," he told her, slowly sipping his tea. He watched her do the same, confusion etched across her features. She meant well, she just didn't know how to get started. "It can't be just us, either, you know," he mentioned casually. She looked at him warily. "I don't know as much as you think I do," he said, putting down his teacup. "And something like this would have to be subtle and well planned. It would take more than just you on the front lines."

"So you mean to get help?"

"Of course. I'll ask about and see what I can do. The best thing you can do is get yourself better acquainted with what politics are like."

The rest of their time together was spent talking about random social things, and Ginny found herself wondering about Draco. The Prophet gossip columns weren't always kind, and especially not if his latest conquest was a media darling. Their paths had never really crossed after the war, and she had never known him to be thoughtful or fair. Still, her gut wasn't screaming any alarms as he spoke with her. There was an intensity about him that was shocking, a pent-up frustration that was held tightly in check. It showed in his quicksilver eyes, in the rapid hand gestures as he spoke sometimes. As open as Ginny was about most things, he was closed off and private. Draco kept himself strictly guarded, but that did nothing but add another layer to the rake mystique. She could see how those flighty girls were drawn in. She could see how they could misinterpret the tension as barely restrained passion. She could see them trying to figure out if they were the ones to catch him. Ginny found herself staring at his mouth and eyes closely, the tilt of his lips telling her how he really felt about his words.

There was a tendril of fear in her stomach, but it had nothing to do with this plan to influence Ministry legislature. It had everything to do with the fact that Draco was handsome and not nearly as much of a prat as she had thought him to be. It had everything to do with the fact that it had been years since she had last been kissed properly, and her hormones couldn't help but notice his form. He had a runner's build and carried himself with an air of confidence.

Oh, dear. She was going to have to be very careful around him during their afternoon teas.
***
"I thought those trips to Muggle London were supposed to be relaxing," Narcissa commented as Draco strode into her study. His brows were furrowed and he barely paid attention to the pattern she was embroidering, which wasn't like him at all. He usually went out of his way to pay some kind of compliment, as if to make up for the stinging remarks in society.

Draco paused, lips pursed slightly with his head cocked to the side. It was a mannerism he had inherited from her. Luckily, there were few he had inherited from his father. "I've met someone," he began slowly.

Narcissa lofted an eyebrow and resumed her embroidery. "I fail to see the concern that has."

"I'm trying to decide how best to proceed."

"That's not like you at all," Narcissa replied archly, tugging on the thread in her hands. "When it comes to people, your instincts are well honed."

"It's Ginevra Weasley."

Narcissa looked up sharply, lips pressed thin. "Is this a dalliance, then?" Draco shook his head, his expression almost miserable. "What, then?"

"I think... I think we've started some kind of friendship."

She put aside her embroidery and gestured for Draco to sit beside her. "You wouldn't be troubled if it was an ordinary friendship. You've had friends that were women before."

"She wants to change things," Draco began slowly, trying to choose the best words to explain. "She is idealistic enough to think that we all deserve better than what we've gotten since the war ended. I agree with her, but she thinks she can change it."

Narcissa touched Draco's sleeve gently. "And your concern is whether it will happen or not."

"I want to think it can," Draco replied almost helplessly. "I want to think that she knows enough people that she can sway, and that things will get better." He covered her hand with his. "You deserve so much better than this, Mother."

Her smile was soft, and she turned her hand to clasp his. "That's sweet of you."

"I don't know how you take it," he continued, distress in his voice. "It isn't right."

Her grip on his hand was almost steely, and Draco stopped in surprise. "People see what they want to see, Draco," Narcissa began. "Have you forgotten that?" She waited as he shook his head, though his brows were knitted in confusion again. "Society has always been a game, you realize. It works with subtlety. That is something your father has forgotten," she added, voice laced with bitterness. "That's why you worry."

"I know there's more I can be doing," Draco told his mother. "I can do something."

Narcissa released his hand and picked up her embroidery again. It was a flawless red rose nestled amidst thorns. "You think me helpless, don't you?" She caught Draco's guilty look and flashed him a smile. "I tell you about those awful matrons at the charity events, the terrible slights they visit upon me. I tell you about their horridly common families, those homely daughters they think to put on the marriage mart as if they were Pureblood. I see you look at them, I see you calculate your odds. I mention to their mothers, the cows, how young and fit you are, a fine husband you would make to the right girl. I lament at the lack of prospective daughters-in-law there are, that the Malfoy fortune would never be passed down. I see their eyes light up in greed, and they don't bar your way when you come calling." Her smile now was icy, and Draco found himself chilled and mesmerized by it. "You find your satisfaction in breaking the hearts of these simpleton girls. I find mine in watching their mothers dissolve in tears."

"I never knew," Draco whispered. "I just... I couldn't let them keep on hurting you."

Narcissa's smile turned tender and she put down her embroidery to touch his face. "I know how much you've suffered in this, in ways no one could ever see. I know how much effort it's been to try to keep the worst of it from me."

"I'll do this," Draco told her earnestly. "For you."

"For yourself as well," Narcissa told him gently. "You'll be living in this new world as much as I will, and you may find yourself at the center of it."

"I'll need your help," he confessed. "There's only so much I can do alone."

"Of course," Narcissa replied with a genuine smile. She grasped his face with both hands in a possessive gesture that had always comforted him as a child. "You've always had it. You've never had to ask."
***
Draco found his father that afternoon at the stables. Lucius Malfoy was a recluse, but he did even that in style. His mornings were spent with his prized dogs, and afternoons after a leisurely lunch were spent with his horses. Lucius was examining one of his studs with a critical eye, and Draco remembered that look all too well. As a child and teen, he had often fell prey to it and felt lacking somehow. Lucius had a knack for shaming him to do better whereas Narcissa would gently push him in directions she thought best for him.

"He looks to be coming along well," Draco commented, approaching the stables. He didn't actually want to talk to his father about this, but Lucius had so many more connections in the financial and legal world.

"He'll do," Lucius replied in crisp tones. There was a faint air of disapproval about him, one that had persisted since the war's end. Years of bitterness and resentment had crept into his very bones; Lucius Malfoy did not appreciate the isolated life he now led.

"I wonder if more can be done," Draco began, treading carefully.

"There's always more to be done," Lucius snapped, turning to face Draco. "It's not as if there's anything else here to do."

"What if there could be?" Draco asked, seizing the opportunity to ask after those connections. "What if there could be something done behind the scenes?"

"Speak plainly, boy," Lucius snapped.

"I've met someone connected who is displeased with the current state of things. With the proper introductions, changes could be made. A little guidance could go a long way with this."

Lucius' eyes narrowed as he contemplated his son. Draco was like Narcissa, without the ruthless streak that he had cultivated. This way of speaking was rather like her l, but it hinted at a sinister purpose. Draco was the spitting image of Lucius from his younger days, even if his temperament and outlook was wholly different. Still, he was young yet. He could be shaped.

"I'm speaking of Ginevra Weasley," Draco added.

Draco watched as his father's expression sharpened and a slow predatory smile spread across his features. He suddenly felt very protective of Ginny. Draco was very aware of his father's hatred of all things Weasley. It was still something that seemed odd somehow, in a way that he couldn't quite place his finger on. It was something that made Draco promise himself that she would never cross paths with his father if he could help it.

"Oh, that may do nicely," Lucius drawled with all of his former superiority. "That may do nicely, indeed. The girl has the ear of many an important figure, and she's such an unassuming slip of a girl. It nearly worked once," he added under his breath.

"Father?"

Lucius's expression snapped to Draco's. "Introductions can certainly be made. She can be shaped, that one," he declared with a nod. "You've chosen well."

Draco didn't correct his father's impression and merely nodded. "I have work ahead of me," he offered. He didn't like his father's speculative gleam, but he would have to deal with it for now.

Lucius strode forward, prized stallion forgotten. "Of course you do. You'll need my expertise."

Together, they headed back to the Manor.
***
Ginny looked at the pile of books on politics and could feel her heart sink down into the pit of her stomach. What am I doing? she thought miserably. I play Quidditch for a living, for Merlin's sake! I can't do this!

She looked about her little flat with a bleak expression. It was small, just a one bedroom flat with a private Floo connection to keep out strangers that would randomly try to visit to talk about any of her relatives or Harry Potter. It was sunny and bright, filled with plants Neville had given her when she first moved out of the Burrow. She had furniture that was comfortable and enough space in the kitchen so she could cook up a storm if she was so inclined. It was everything she had wanted when she moved, even if there were so few visitors to it. Her teammates, her family, her few close friends. She spent more time at the Burrow or at practice than at home, and it was something she had always taken for granted. "I'm free here," she said aloud. She knew it was more than what others had, and she was feeling guilty for it now. Even so, she doubted herself. She had more enthusiasm than knowledge, and had mentioned her private thoughts to Draco on impulse. Luckily, he hadn't laughed her off or carted her in to the Ministry on a report.

Anything worth doing is worth doing well, he had said, face earnest.

She had been sheltered during the worst of the war. She had tried to push her way into the Order, had tried to make them see her. Most of the Order members seemed to smile and think it was cute, yet another Weasley trying to do something. They hadn't allowed her to really do anything dangerous, hadn't allowed her to really understand what was going on. Maybe it had something to do with the diary her first year, though everyone always conveniently forgot the lasting impact it had. They forgot the summer at St. Mungo's, the nightmares and the shifty glances about the household. They forgot the soft whispers at the walls late at night before St. Mungo's had that bed available for her. They forgot everything when she came back, had smiled their smiles and assumed that everything was better and she had forgotten as well.

Only, she hadn't forgotten. It was still there, that terrible knowledge. She knew what darkness was like, and knew it wasn't what the Prophet was painting for the public. She knew in a way that most wouldn't, and she understood.

"You know it's only a matter of time, really," Tonks would tell her. Tonks was the only one that seemed to understand her frustration. She was a woman and one of the few prominent Aurors that were part of the Order. Maybe it helped her understand that Ginny only wanted to help in any way she could, to do something other than stand on the sidelines and play the helpless victim to be saved. Tonks never made fun of her, had always tried to find something for her to do so that she could feel part of the Order. "The next thing you know, you'll be in the thick of it and everything will work itself out." And then she would trip over her own two feet and the two of them would laugh. Ginny had always felt better after discussing it with Tonks, but the older woman was long dead now.

She had visited Teddy a few times, always feeling vaguely guilty when she did so. Andromeda Tonks had lost a husband, daughter and son-in-law over the course of the war. She had lost so much more before that, too. Ginny had only lost a brother, and while it still hurt, she felt as if her loss was so much less in comparison. Andromeda seemed to carry her grief around her like a cloak, and Ginny didn't know how to approach her. Harry was Teddy's godfather, though he was more often doing his Auror responsibilities than spending time with Teddy. Ginny didn't have any claim on Teddy's time, and Andromeda's hollow eyes had always seemed to burn through her when she tried to visit.

Teddy was related to Draco, Ginny knew. He and Tonks had been cousins, and so Teddy would be a nephew of sorts to him. It almost didn't seem fair that Draco had grown up knowing and loving both of his parents when Teddy never would. Teddy deserved more than a grieving grandmother and an absent godfather as family. Ginny had known so much love and wonder as a child, overprotection notwithstanding. Teddy wouldn't have the same thing, wouldn't know that it was a loss. It didn't seem fair that Draco had grown up with everything. She had her parents but no money, and Teddy had no parents and a tiny Ministry pension for the deaths of his parents. Meanwhile, Lucius Malfoy continually bent the laws to his own gain while her family struggled to stay afloat.

But that wasn't fair, either. Draco wasn't his father. Draco didn't know the depths to which his father sank in service to Voldemort. Draco didn't understand what life was like without money or prestige. He didn't know any better, just as Teddy wouldn't.

Ginny picked up the first book Draco had bought for her. He was doing his best in all of this. He didn't have to help her in her mad scheme. He didn't have to make sure she did it properly. He didn't have to take her seriously. But he was, and so she would as well.

Anything worth doing was worth doing well.
***
"You blighter. I've missed you."

Draco smiled at Pansy and accepted the glass she handed him. She was still in her silk nightgown and wrapper, and she was already roaring drunk. Draco didn't intend to actually drink the brandy in the glass, but accepted it to be polite. Pansy downed her glass all at once, not even grimacing from the burn along her throat. "I didn't think I would be welcome."

"Oh, Chesterfield absolutely abhors most of our former circle. But he remembers your Mum's works and thinks that a Malfoy could be such an improving presence on me." Pansy wrinkled her nose and poured herself another glass of brandy.

"Ah. And Iris?"

Pansy's face fell and her grip on her glass tightened. "I don't know."

Draco's brow furrowed. "I don't understand. Why wouldn't she owl you?"

"Because she can't. A condition of the marriage," Pansy spat bitterly. "I save Park Place but have nothing to do with it ever again." She gestured wildly around the room. "Chesterfield is all I have now, every dilapidated brick."

"How is he, then?"

"Perfectly awful," Pansy told him cheerfully. She tucked her long black hair behind her ears and smiled at him as if she had told a joke. "He can't get it up and blames me, he throws galleons at me like it would get an heir and I loathe the man." She leaned forward and pulled at the ribbon holding her wrapper in place. "But he isn't why you came to see me, is it?"

"Pansy, you know you're like a sister to me now," Draco said gently, pushing aside her questing hands. "I couldn't."

She downed her glass in one gulp and threw it at the fireplace. "To hell with you, then!"

Draco fell silent and simply watched as she put her hands to her face and began to sob. They were great, wracking tears of pain, and he didn't know how to help her. Gossip had merely said she married for money and drank herself into a stupor daily. There weren't any details more than that, and he had never thought to ask for more. Now he felt ridiculous.

"Why are you here, then?" Pansy moaned. "You awful rotter, why do you remind me of what I can't ever have?"

Draco stood and folded her into his arms. He tucked his chin on top of her head and sighed. "You know Blaise still fancies you, don't you? I just can't do that for you."

Pansy pulled back a bit and sniffled. "He does?"

"Shall I Floo him for you and check?" Draco asked.

She shook her head. "Some things a girl should do for herself." She crossed the room to the Floo connection. Her invitation left nothing to the imagination, and Blaise was there in no time. She dropped to her knees immediately and unbuckled Blaise's belt.

Draco turned away to give them a modicum of privacy, despite Pansy's wicked remarks. He drank his brandy, his friends shagging noisily behind him. He supposed he should have left the study, but didn't think Chesterfield would appreciate him wandering in the mansion.

He waited until Blaise had collapsed onto the couch and Pansy settled herself across it, her head lying in Blaise's lap. Draco smiled at the two of them. Once, they had all been close. Following the war, it had been too difficult to keep up contact. "I wanted your help," Draco began without preamble. "I've met someone that wants to change the way the laws are, and I think if we all did this together, it could actually work."

Blaise lofted an eyebrow at Draco. "That's particularly dangerous. It's not like you."

Draco shrugged. "It's not terribly dangerous, really. Just a little manipulation to the right people and we can push our ideas through."

"Who is it?" Blaise asked, ever the practical man. Pansy merely looked confused.

"Ginevra Weasley?"

"Do you want to get us killed?" Pansy screeched, shooting upright to a seated position. Blaise tried to stroke her back to soothe her. "You're insane!"

"She approached me first with the idea, hasn't a clue where to begin."

"It can't be done!" Pansy cried, shaking her head.

Draco's smile didn't quite reach his eyes. "Of course it can. She has the will to do this properly and is set on this course. While she's untutored, she could whisper in the right ears. And she does know all right ears, of course. Why, with the right sort of guidance, who knows what we might be able to do?"

Blaise watched Draco curiously. "Why bring us into it?"

"I trust you," Draco said flatly. "I can't do this alone with her, and I'll need as many supports and introductions as I can. Mum and my father are doing their bit to lay the foundations with their generation of contacts, but there's new blood in the Ministry as well."

"You can't mean to have us go to the Ministry," Pansy wailed.

Draco watched in amusement as Blaise pushed her back into her former lying position and stroked her hair gently. It calmed her, and she merely looked at Draco with large, hurt eyes. "I don't, Pansy. But she's a Weasley. She doesn't have the finesse that we've got. She'll need to be taught, you know. And really, we're the ones that would benefit from these changes. We should push the ones we know we'll need."

"Chesterfield would never allow it," Pansy declared at the same time Blaise said "Are you sure this is what you want to do?"

Draco smiled at them grimly. "I'm absolutely sure. And Chesterfield wouldn't have any problems if you were to help Mother with some of her charity work, I'm sure. And if you disappear in the Manor for an hour or two when my friend Blaise happens to visit..."

"Why not ask?" Blaise asked her, stroking her hair gently. "It could work if you ask nicely."

Pansy clapped her hands like a child. "I'll do it!" she chortled, running from the room.

Blaise looked at Draco with a critical eye. It didn't sting as much as his father's had. "How often have you seen her?"

"Pansy? First time today in years. I didn't think Chesterfield would approve."

Blaise snorted. "Not her, you prat. The Weasley girl."

Draco shrugged negligently. "Twice? She showed up in my favorite café one day and we just started talking about it. She's the one that brought it up."

"And you just happen to think this is a wonderful plan?" Blaise asked with an eyebrow raised. "You used to think the girl was pretty."

"So?"

"Isn't she still? It's hard to tell sometimes with all that Quidditch gear. Fabulous player, though."

Chaser, Draco wanted to say, but kept his mouth shut. He shrugged again. "It's more important who she's connected to. This isn't some conquest to break an idiot's heart. This is for all of us, so we won't have to continue suffering these indignities. I know you're suffering with that property reform bill they've passed."

Blaise's jaw was tight, but he said nothing for a long moment. "Is that all this is?"

"Of course it is. Why would it be more?"

His eyebrow raised, Blaise looked at Draco mockingly. "Why wouldn't it be? Why not take advantage of the proximity? That's not like you."

"There's a goal at hand that's more important than bedding some girl."

"This isn't some girl. This is a Weasley. If there was ever a name that could elevate your family's social standing now, that would be it."

Draco shook his head. "No. Our connection isn't going to be known, not like that. It would undermine whatever credibility we try to build for her."

"You've thought about this," Blaise commented.

Draco's reply was cut off by Pansy flouncing back into the room. "He said yes! He thinks your Mum would be a tempering influence, he said. Bother that temper. Give that here," she added, noticing that Blaise had reached for the brandy decanter.

"You've had enough, Pans," Draco chided, watching her pour herself a glass. Blaise frowned at her but remained silent.

"Ah, but we've a plot to plan and think," Pansy sing-songed. She downed the glass and then straddled Blaise. She buried her face in the crook of his neck and sighed as his arms went around her. "It might work. I could see you, and this horrid world can look so much better without the brandy. I almost can't believe it."

Draco smiled grimly at Blaise's alarmed expression. He lifted his glass and finally took a sip. "To our great endeavor, then. May it help us all."
***
***