Current location: 
St. Paul, MN 

Current mood: 

mellow 

Entry tags: 

!fandom: harry potter, chaptered: how strange, character: remus lupin, character: sirius black, length: 2000+ words, pairing: remus/sirius

How Strange, The Form of Fear: Chapter 16 [Harry Potter]
Fandom: Harry Potter
Title: How Strange, The Form of Fear
Chapter: 16: The Trouble With Family
Summary: In school, the Remus and Sirius perform a complicated spell to marry their thoughts in a subtle but intricate union. Fluffy beginning, epic-length, angsty ending. It sticks somewhat close to canon throughout.
This Chapter: Drama at the Lupin home. Also, sex at the Lupin home.
Characters/Pairings: Remus/Sirius, eventual James/Lily
Rating/Warnings: NC-17, bestiality
Word Count: 3348

Chapter 16: The Trouble With Family

Sirius woke up hours later in Remus' upstairs bed. Come had dried flaky between his legs and on his belly, but he hardly had time to notice, as his dick was hard in Remus' mouth. Sirius still hadn't fully awoken by the time he was climaxing, twisting in the blankets and writhing to get a better grip on the boy between his legs.

In his half-asleep state, Sirius barely bit down on a moan. He wasted no time in flipping Remus and plunging under the covers, shoving Remus up. Soon Sirius's world was clouded by a haze of pale white light filtered through quilt and sheet. And there, in the place lit as he had always imagined heaven would be lit, Sirius found himself pointblank with balls and cock. He inhaled deeply and went to work with his tongue.

Sirius had a routine. He knew he did, and he didn't care. He doubted Remus cared, either, and the needful noises coming from above the blankets reinforced that notion as Sirius went to work tounging Remus' balls. He loved a cock in his mouth much as the next poof (or he had to assume the next poof loved it as much as he did, especially because at this moment the 'next poof' was Remus Lupin). Still, there was something about Remus' balls-- the way they stretched, the scar and the muscle and the mingled textures. Sirius ran his tongue from hair-less and scarred inner thigh to the dimples of follicles on the backside of Remus' ball sack, losing himself in the exploration. Only when Remus started jerking in earnest did Sirius remember he was supposed to be giving head. He drew himself up to slip Remus' cock in past his lips, then out again, then around, trying to meter his breathing and failing. The more Sirius' lungs burned the harder he sucked, slobbered, and licked, and he knew that his method of going about this particular sexual behavior was awfully canine but--

The idea struck him out of thin air. He loved the way Remus tasted and smelled. Wouldn't Remus's tastes and smells be so much more heightened as perceived through the senses of a dog? Remus might not even notice the difference, as far gone as he was, and to Sirius, there simply was no difference. Sirius was Sirius in either form.

And so, quite suddenly, Sirius shifted form. He buried his snout behind Remus balls, and Remus bucked wildly and let one of his whimpers become an actual outcry. Oh, well yes, Remus had probably noticed after all. Still, he wasn't jerking away or calling Sirius a pervert or anything, not yet. Sirius went back to licking as furiously as he could, his long pink tongue lapping at pre-come under the blankets. He'd never been aroused as a dog before, but he was starting to feel it, and it was somewhat different-- and also somewhat the same-- as being aroused when a boy.

Remus' grunting had become more of a rhythmic keening, and Sirius thought it was the most beautiful sound he had heard in perhaps ever. He lapped harder--

"Remus," there came a knock on the door, and Sirius tried to still his tongue, though it gave a few involuntary flickers. Remus continued to buck and grasp for Padfoot's heat from above the blankets. "Remus, I heard a cry, are you alright--"

Mrs. Lupin's unobstructed voice was coming from the room's door. As Padfoot, Sirius could easily tell, even though blankets, how far away Mrs. Lupin was, and in which direction she was facing. None of it boded well. And Remus, bless his blood beautiful bollocks, was still writhing and bucking-- or rather, trying not to. He wasn't making any sounds, and Sirius rather suspected that this was because, had Remus opened his mouth, a less dignified response would come out than his mother was no doubt expecting. Not that one could ever really expect something in an instance like this. What was the expected response?

Mrs. Lupin settled on yelping and shutting the door, then calling through it, "I'll... I'll just get breakfast ready. You boys come down soon and...and join us for breakfast. Okay. Okay."

Sirius found it odd that this last was not a question. And then he did the most inadvisable thing he could have done, and he barked.

"Shhh," Remus flailed a bit and tossed back the blankets, "I can't believe you're-- you're bloody sucking me off as a dog, Pads!"

Caught between self-consciousness and arousal, Sirius sat up and transformed. "That a good thing or a bad thing?" he asked.

"I don't give a damn, just finish me off!"

"Yeah, alright. Even after that mum thing?"

"Dammit. Sirius. Finish. Me. Off." Remus beamed Sirius in the head with a pillow.

Sirius laughed and settled back down-- as a human-- to lick, suck, and blow Remus to full ecstasy. And when that moment did come, Sirius was sure Mrs. Lupin could hear her precious baby boy coming into the mouth of another man, even from downstairs where she was supposedly making breakfast.

Sirius pulled himself up and settled into Remus. The warm summer air hit their sweaty skin and gave them both a chill they shared.

Remus sighed after a while and said, "I could feel that, you know. The smell, what it's like to be a dog."

Sirius grunted and shrugged.

"I wonder if that's what it's like for me on the fulls."

Sirius nodded against Remus's shoulder, his sweaty hair sticking to pale Moony skin. "It is. 'S why I had to change the first night Madam Pomfrey kept me in the hospital wing. It was like my brain was half-dog and my body was fighting it, and it was just terrible. As soon as I turned though, I got on just fine."

"Oh. Well, I didn't think it was terrible at all."

"I don't mean to offend, love, but you are what you are. I transfigure myself. My human body and mind have no real trace of Padfoot."

"Well, that's magical theory and you can't really know that, but you may be onto something. And please never think you offend me, Pads."

Sirius rose up on one elbow and tentatively smiled down at Remus. "You know, Moony, I think you should have been sorted into Slytherin."

"Oh yeah? Why's that?"

"You woke me up with a blow job just to get one in return. That's pretty scheming." Sirius wriggled his eyebrows.

Remus rolled his eyes in response. "I am a Marauder. I just use my Marauding talents for more noble purposes."

"Hexing Slytherins is noble."

"Alright. But not nearly as sexually exciting."

"You win," Sirius grinned. "Now, what are we going to do about your mum?"

Remus shrugged. "It's a bit embarrassing, but I guess most everyone gets caught by their parents someday. Besides, unlike all those people, we're 'married'." Remus made a quote in the air to accompany the word, and Sirius pouted at it. "We're married and she tried to have you sleep on a mattress on the parlor floor. And who bursts into a teenage boy's room, anyway? She must have seen already that you weren't downstairs?"

"Didn't she knock?"

"Dunno," Remus admitted.

"So we play it off, then?" Sirius sat up.

"I reckon so," Remus frowned.

"Brilliant," Sirius beamed, "because I am bloody famished."

*****

Two days later, Mrs. Lupin gave in and packed away the parlor mattress. Mr. Lupin made all sorts of grumblings about it, but she shook her head and would hear none of it.

"They're already sleeping together, John. And they will whether we can walk across the parlor or not."

"Not in my house, they won't." Remus winced and watched Sirius' face. They were only one room away; surely his parents knew they were being overheard.

"They're already bound. You can't control them."

"Remus isn't even of age. I can control him all I like. And I can certainly hex that little pure blooded snob into next week!"

Sirius hissed, and Remus winced this time. "I... I don't think he means it..." Remus offered hesitantly.

"His family's rotten, and he's bound to be rotten, too," Mr. Lupin wasn't even trying to be quiet as he wailed on Sirius' parentage-- which probably wouldn't have bothered Sirius if he wasn't being likened to those parents.

Remus clenched a hand on Sirius' knee. "Perhaps I should have a word with him."

"John," Mrs. Lupin's usually meek voice seemed to gather some strength, "They are married. They ought to be sharing a room. You can't baby Remus, and insulting Sirius is only an insult to Remus' ability to judge others' characters."

Remus felt a glimmer of pride roiling off Sirius. "What?" He whispered to Sirius.

"Reminds me of you," Sirius smiled, his face very close, his lips moving closer. Sirius pressed a kiss to Remus' lips and then parted them with his own, pulling at the bottom one. "She's so quiet, but she fights like a," Sirius laughed, his lips still tangling with Remus' as he talked, "like a mother wolf. Just that quiet growl."

"My mum doesn't growl," Remus pulled back to answer.

"Yeah, and I bet you don't either," Sirius pressed his kisses a bit further.

"I... I..." Remus gave up on the lipping to grab the back of Sirius' head. An entirely human growl erupted from the back of his throat and he pulled himself up to straddle Sirius.

"Oh heavens. You two," Mrs. Lupin's flustered voice interrupted them as she entered the room, and Remus sprung away from Sirius.

Sirius smirked at Remus. "Told you so."

"S-Sorry, mum," Remus lowered his head.

"What-- Um, can you... Right, how about we all just have supper now?" So they were going to keep on playing this off. Remus's family was one that liked to play things off, didn't like direct confrontation, and growing up he'd been happy for the peace. After spending years with three of the most combative boys this side of the Madagascar, though, Remus was now beginning to see just how much room a white elephant could take up, and why sometimes removing it was really quite a bit easier.

*****

Speaking of white elephants, that of his and Sirius' affections, accompanied as it was by that of his and Sirius' shared sleeping accommodations (as thankful as they both were for those!), were both soon dwarfed by the coming full moon. Two weeks, Sirius had been here. Two weeks, Sirius had withstood suspicious glares from Remus' dad and flustered blushes from his mum. They'd spent a lot of time outside, as the Lupins lived quite in the middle of nowhere. They themselves had very little land, but all around was wilderness: rolling green hills and greens-clogged lakes in secluded valleys. He and Sirius explored. Sometimes they stopped for sex. More often the stopped so that a very silly and canine Sirius could flop around in some muddy little rut of a pond, and then they had to explain upon returning to the Lupins that Sirius sometimes enjoyed padfooting about at quarter moons as well. Mr. Lupin, unamused, had insisted upon hosing him down in the back yard. Once, Remus had laughed for nearly a half-hour when Sirius ripped apart the toaster in a misguided attempt at preventing it from eating his toast. Sirius had given Mr. Lupin the money for a new one, even though Remus knew it was the Potters' money and Sirius was loathe to use it. Sirius had spent more than a couple hours watching Remus' mum's tiny kitchen TV, practically drooling in fascination, even when it was just on the cooking channel. Or maybe he was drooling because it was on the cooking channel... Sirius and Mrs. Lupin had kept their conversation somehow mostly on the television, and Remus knew Sirius was being polite by talking with his mum about her soaps like he cared, but he said later he didn't mind being polite, and that there were some people for which politeness was invented and that the mum of your bloke was probably one of those. Remus found he supremely enjoyed being called Sirius' bloke.

But now the full was the day after tomorrow, and all of the easy, false comfort that had been carefully cultivated around the Lupin residence was swiftly evaporating. Remus was used to this. Growing up, his mum became more agitated as the full moon approached. His dad started treating him like he'd done something wrong and needed a stern talking to, though Remus guessed that it was just his dad's nature to be stern whenever discussing the most grave topic of werewolves. Likely he'd been that way his whole life. Remus, in particular, just didn't appreciate it. It had taken him quite a long time to get used to Sirius' off-handedness about werewolves, and even longer to understand that that off-handedness was underlain by a quite serious understanding of the disease. Now, Remus was very grateful that Sirius didn't act as if his lycanthropy defined him, or was a massive tragedy, or something new Remus had never dealt with before. Remus was the expert on his own health, and he did not require anyone else to be, not Sirius, not Madam Pomfrey, and not his dad. Somehow Sirius was the only one who seemed to understand this. He had well before their bonding.

Remus knew his father was about to give him a lecture about werewolves and full moons just as soon as his father put down his fork at dinner and cleared his throat. He tried to warn Sirius, thinking it towards the boy across the table with every fibre in his body. Sirius' eyes flickered up to meet Remus's, and Remus rolled his eyes and tilted his head towards his dad. Sirius frowned and looked that way just as Mr. Lupin began.

"Remus. Tomorrow night is the full moon."

Remus watched Sirius roll his eyes and stifled a laugh, though not well. "Thanks, dad."

"This is no laughing matter, Remus."

Sirius' blinked and twirled a bit of hair, and Remus somehow knew the sentiment behind it and laughed again.

"Remus!"

"Um, sorry. Yes, father. Full moon. You don't think I'll turn into a werewolf, do you?"

Sirius, who was drinking from his teacup at the moment, suddenly spit tea all over Remus with laughter.

"Remus!"

Remus was far too far gone. He and Sirius were both giggling into their hands and trying not to, which somehow only made it worse. Remus could feel Sirius' amusement like a tuning fork vibrating to his own, deep inside his chest, and it compounded the humor of the situation. And really, who couldn't laugh once Sirius Black had spit tea all over them? Remus wiped his own face off with a napkin, and Sirius laughed harder.

"Remus," his mother said quietly, "please show your father some respect."

Suddenly the joy had utterly gone out of the situation. "Mmm. Sorry. Sorry dad."

"Sorry Mr. Lupin," Sirius said, trying not to laugh and still having trouble with it. "I'm sorry, it's just, well you said-- then Moony said-- and, well, you both just said it like it hasn't ever happened before. And then I showered him in my tea." Sirius snorted into his knuckles, and Remus smiled across at him.

"I am forbidding Sirius from going with you tomorrow," Mr. Lupin said suddenly.

The humour evaporated instantaneously. "Dad!"

"You can't!" Sirius yelped.

"John..." Remus' mum whispered.

"He seems incapable of taking this seriously--"

"I go with him every--"

"And I can't be responsible for him," Mr. Lupin finished. "You'll go into the bunker alone."

"Bunker?" Sirius frowned.

"Sirius..." Remus warned. The very last thing his father could handle was knowing that Sirius approved of and enabled Remus' free reign on full moons.

"Yeah, alright," Sirius nodded.

"Alright?" Apparently even Mr. Lupin had got enough of Sirius' character to expect more of an argument.

"In the bunker," Sirius shrugged. "It'll be a little tight, eh?" He smiled.

"You aren't going into the bunker," Mr. Lupin said flatly.

"Oh. I didn't think you'd want Remus running about free on the full moon." Sirius shrugged.

"Remus is going into the bunker. You are not."

"And here's where we have a disagreement," Sirius smiled tensely. "You see, I won't let Moony be alone on the moon. Not tomorrow, not come fall, not in twenty years. I made a vow, and every vow I made to your son, I intend to keep."

Remus shifted awkwardly in his chair and tried to remember when Sirius had made such a vow. The word alone made him feel... like a girl of some sort, and he frowned.

"You can kick me out, but if you do, Moony's coming with me. You can hex me, but if you do, there's two of us and one of you, and we'll fight our way out. So either there's two of us in the bunker tomorrow night, or there's two of us on the road tomorrow night."

"You wouldn't dare--"

"I would," Sirius nodded, and Remus knew Sirius was not bluffing, not one little bit.

"He would," Remus spoke quietly. "And so would I."

"Remus, even you cannot be this irresponsible. Can't you see he's a Black? He can't love you, a werewolf! He must be using you, or corrupting you, or trying to sway you to fight with other dark creatures for this new Dark Lord."

Sirius' spine stiffened like electricity had been jolted through him, and Remus realized there was no turning back from the path his father had just set them on.

"Other dark creatures?" Sirius echoed in a dangerous purr.

"Dad," Remus' voice was stern and quiet, and he could see what Sirius meant about the growl. "You shouldn't speak about things you don't understand."

"Don't you dare talk about me like I don't understand. I understand the world far better than you do, and I know--"

"And I," Remus shot to his feet, his chair spilling backwards behind him, "understand Sirius far better than you do. You don't have to love that, you don't even have to respect it, but dammit, Dad, Sirius is no more a supporter of the Dark Lord's than I am of Fenrir Greyback's! Can't you see that? Just because he came from those people doesn't mean he's one of them. He made his escape, against all odds, without loving parents to guide him, without even knowing where he was going. You know what? I told Sirius that you would love him for that. I should have told him that you were a hypocrit who could respect it when his son escapes bad circumstances, but not when other people do. Fuck you."

Sirius stood then. Voice as tense as steel, he nearly-whispered, "I think I'd better go. I'll just, uh, I'll see you--" Sirius made a wave-like motion and left the room, heading straight for the front door.

Remus spun on a dime and vaulted after him. "Sirius! Sirius! Padfoot! Wait, don't--"

"You know where I'll be if you need me," Sirius answered quietly.

"Sirius, you can't go. The full's tomorrow."

"You'll be fine."

"What about that vow?"

Sirius, already halfway down the front walk, spun on his heels. "There was no vow, Remus! You know that. I made that up."

"That doesn't mean I don't want it," Remus called.

"I'm not... Look, your folks are good people. They want what's best for you, and I'm not going to rip up your family, Remus. I've ripped up too many families already. I know what it's like, don't you see? I know what it feels like to be kicked out of your home, and I won't do it to you. Owl me at Jay's."

"Sirius, don't you dare--"

Sirius sprinted suddenly towards Remus and captured him in a kiss. "I love you, Moony. Enjoy your family."

He turned back towards the road, and Remus blinked away the burning in his eyes as he watched the large black dog pound out of sight. "You're my family, fuckwit," Remus screamed into the night. "I hate you, Sirius Black. I hate you!"