Hi to all the ISS readers I am great fan of ISS since my 10th class that means from age 18 and now I want to tell you that I am not that much fluent in English please excuse me for my grammatical mistakes and thanks to ISS for their great journey.

Now coming to story my name is Vijay I am from small village in Tamil nadu my mother's name is Padma she is house wife with great boobs and mouth watering ass and do some small tailor works for ladies and my dad is farmer very busy with our agriculture lands we don't have many lands just 2 Acers

I am the only son for my parents they gave me everything from my childhood. I studied up to 10th in nearby town from my village during that time and I am very much interested of girls but I am very afraid because of my poor family back ground with all those sexual intentions.

I completed my 10th class and returned to home for holidays when I returned my mother Padma saw me from the gate and ran to me and hug me tightly as I am the only son and I came after so many days as it was summer she just completed washing clothes with all wetness of her sari as

She is from small village she does not wear bra her black nipples are seen clearly from her top as my sexual cruel intentions are running in my body I to hugged her tightly after some time she said come inside betta go and take bath it is summer and roads are fully dusty go and take fresh bath in mean time.

I will get your lunch ready your father is also gone to nearby village for some paddy works after she said she started walking to kitchen then again my brain started to do something and get my innocent mother to me immediately I asked mom I am very much tired will you give oil head bath to me like before?

She thought for a bit and said ok go and wait in your bathroom I will come with oil and shampoo by saying this she gone to her room and I gone to my room and removed my shirt and pant tied with small towel and gone to bathroom and waiting for my mother as that was my initial stage of puberty hair started to grow lightly in bottom area.

And underarms and in that small age my dick is also not that my big in erection times mean time my mom cam with oil cup in her hands she said to remove that towel and sit there in small stool I got some frightened with her words as my small dick got some small erection she might caught like that but I removed my towel.

And sat only with my underwear she started applying oil to my head I felt like heaven after ten minutes my head bath completed my mother did not noticed my erection in wetness then she said you do rest of your bath I will go and do breakfast for you and she started to leave but I stopped her.

And said mom give my body also oil bath because these days in hostel I was completely dirty after sometime she said ok and started applying to my hands back and now came there difficult situation beta remove your underwear otherwise you will get skin infections over there it is always better to bath nude and I had seen you plenty of times nude.

I am your mother don't feel shy but I am little bit tensed with her sexy touch to my body my little prick got some life in it after a minute I removed my underwear my mother got shocked and said you are no more child Vijay this is my last bath to you saying this she applied some oil to my small prick and my butt crack and she said it better you shave there regularly while applying soap.

I thought like making mom wet will give me any chance? I accidentally poured some water on mom she scolded me what Vijay what are you doing ? I said sorry mom water mug had slipped from hand saying this she started squeezing water it was lovely site for me as I am nude and my sweet mother is almost naked due to her wetness and I want to make complete use more this situation.

And I asked mom as you to want to take bath after me why can't you take bath now you is almost wet if you want I will apply some soap to you back? She immediately said no Vijay I will take later but I don't let her go what's wrong mom?

You will catch cold if you don't remove your saree but Vijay she stopped I again asked mom I am your son nothing wrong you to bath in front of I am still your small kid saying this she said ok Vijay but I will tie towel I am feeling shame to be nude before you apply soap and you leave then I said ok your wish she removed her saree and tuned opposite side.

And slowly removed jacket and tied towel and remove her petticoat during this scene and I had a glimpse of her boobs side view and milky white thighs view and she tightly tied towel and turned towards me and said betta Vijay I am still feeling shy but as you said help to wash my back and go saying this

She stand before me she had plenty of underarm hair and I asked her mom why can't you shave your underarm hair ?with that she got angry and said you better concentrate on my back Vijay and leave the rest I said sorry mom I started applying soap to her back in that process.

I use to touch her sides of her soft boobs but due to the wetness of water her body is complete visible under that small towel as I am standing naked my small prick is getting more excited by seeing my beautiful mother in just her see through towel after a minute someone knock the door.

My dad is shouting from outside open the door then my mom immediately ran to her room and wear another saree and open the door I also gone to my room and changed to my dress and slept for 20 minutes and came out after seeing my dad asked when you came from  town Vijay?

I said morning dad I felt sleepy so I slept ok have your lunch I will go to farm and come saying this he left and I went to kitchen and hugged my mom from back side tightly I get a feel like my dick slightly touching her butt crack and she said what happened to you this time your behaving naughty?

Nothing mom I am same as your old Vijay ok leave me and I had some work to do go and sleep for some time I said no mom I want to sleep like this only she started smiling and saying this and I placed my hands on her wet belly she immediately got some jerk and get away from me and said go to your room and sleepy.

I had some work after some time dad came to house and we all sat in room and he asked what next about your studies? After some time he only said that study in Chennai in my brothers house as there will be your sister and aunty and my brother your uncle also be happy if you study from there

So go and pack your luggage saying this he went to other room I felt disappointed about my mom but I am very much happy that I can have any of the two ladies either my aunt Shoba or her daughter my elder sister

Kavitha they stay in very big house because they became rich with my dad's help so they always be very great full to my dad so I started to Chennai giving my mom a last hug and here the story begin how I seduced my aunt and her daughter and how they help to get my mother to me and her husband journey starts in Innocent village mother 2.