Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Knight and the Acolyte Book 1, Chapter 1: The Descendant of Lilies
Summary: Intrigue swirls around a young, female knight and a lesbian acolyte.
Keywords: MF FF Fff inc oral magic fantasy 1st

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Notes: Thanks to b0b for beta-reading this!

Squire Angela  Shesax, the Kingdom of Secare

My metal armor clinked as I circled Kevin on the training sands at the center of the Chapterhouse of the Knights Deute. The sun was warm, glinting off Kevin's armor. He wore a man's armor, a full breastplate instead of the half-plate I wore that left my midriff bare and revealed a large swath of my cleavage. His torso was covered by a skirt of banded mail. He did not wear his helmet, and his gorgeous face was twisted with focus.

I tried not to pay attention as I stepped forward, swinging my blunted training sword at his face. Metal clanged as we traded blows. I was quicker. There was one advantage of the lighter armor women wore. We were more nimble, in addition to being distracting by displaying so much of our flesh. I could see Kevin's appreciative eyes.

He had just returned from his Quest, slaying an ogre, and now he was a full knight. 

That was a sloppy attack, Kevin said, his kissable lips curling in a smile.

Was it? I asked, cocking my head. I took another clumsy swing, his sword easily knocking mine aside.

Yes. Did you even practice one bit with your sword while I was gone? he asked, arching his eyebrows.

I learned a few tricks, I grinned and feinted with another clumsy attack.

He fell for it, his blade slapping down. I changed my stance, pulling my tip back so he missed my blade before lunging forward and almost landing a blow. He lifted his round shield, deflecting my attack.

I pressed in, using my own shield to deflect his blow as my long sword swung hard three times, driving him back. His eyebrows furrowed and I grinned. He recovered from my attack, taking a hard swing.

His blade crunched into the wood of my shield. My right foot lashed out. I didn't have a skirt of metal bands, only a loin cloth of chainmail, and my leg could kick out high. I caught him on the chest. He stumbled back, his shield knocked wide.

I charged in and struck my sword on his breastplate. It did no damage. In a real battle, a longsword was all but useless against full plate. I would need to use a mace or a warhammer to crush and dent his armor. But for training, he pretended it was lethal and fell to the ground.

Well played, he laughed as I stood over him.

My pussy was hot, my blood pumping. I always loved sparring with him. We had been lovers for three years and I had missed him these last months as he hunted the ogre in the Kelit Mountains to the south.

I told you I knew a trick or two, I grinned, my hands sliding up the crease on his left side. He wore a cuirass, and it hinged on the right. I found the three straps that held his armor close, two on the breastplate and one on the skirt, and undid them, his armor swinging open to reveal his muscular chest.

Mmm, I have missed this chest, I purred, my fingers sliding across his pecs, my pussy growing hotter as I touched him.

He pulled off his gauntlets, his calloused fingers grasping my side, sliding up and reaching behind me to the straps that held my half-breastplate on. I ground my pussy on his cock, the shaft hard beneath his britches. The straps came undone and my large, round breasts spilled out, my nipples hard with battle lust.

Fighting always made me wet, and fighting Kevin made me burn.

Yes, I hissed as he groped one of my breasts, fingering my hard, pink nipple. His other hand slid up to cup my face, brushing back my flaming curls. I had my mother's fiery hair, but my father's blue eyes. 

I missed you every day in the mountains, he groaned, pulling me down, my red hair spilling about my face.

I bet you found more than a few peasant girls willing to provide comfort to a Knight on a Quest, I grinned.

But none were you, he grinned and pulled me down for a hot kiss.

My breasts rubbed against his muscular chest. His hand slid down my back and over my heavy, leather belt that my chainmail loincloth hung from. He squeezed the cheeks of my ass, left mostly exposed by the two-inch wide band of mail. His fingers dipped beneath the mail as he kneaded my ass.

I groaned and ground on him, working my clit against the cold metal of my mail. His cock was hard beneath, throbbing with his desire. I kissed him hard, my hands roaming his muscular sides and chest. My Kevin was a strong man.

And it was time for him to eat my pussy.

I broke the kiss, sliding my hips up his body. Time for you to pay the forfeit, I smiled, grasping his brown, flowing locks. My hot pussy pressed into my mail as I slid higher up his body. Pleasure shuddered through me. You're going to devour my pussy. I want to cum and cum.

Of course, my Lady, Kevin grinned, licking his strong lips. 

My breasts heaved as I straddled his face, still holding onto his brown hair. I loved it when I won our duels. I pulled his head up, smearing his face against my hot pussy. I shuddered as his thick tongue slid through my pussy. My back arched. I gasped as the pleasure washed through me.

I guided his lips with his hair, my hips undulating. His hands kept kneading my asscheeks, his fingers tightening as his tongue worked through my pussy. He sucked and nibbled on my folds and he nuzzled at my clit.

That's it, I groaned. You lost, and now you have to pay. Devour my pussy. Don't miss a single spot. Come on, you can do better. Work that pretty mouth through my hot pussy.

My free hand grabbed my right breast, pinching my nipple as I undulated faster. Kevin moaned, his tongue working faster. He shoved it deep into my pussy, swirling it around. My eyes fluttered in delight, my moans echoing across the training sands.

Metal rang nearby. A pair of male knights dueled. Others watched. I savored their eyes.

Show everyone how you are my little pussy slave! I groaned. Mmm, yes. Devour me! I'm gonna drown you!

His tongue fluttered through my folds. My insides squirmed. I shifted my hips, smearing my clit across his strong face until his tongue found it. I gasped as he fluttered his tongue against my nub, batting it over and over.

That's it! Oh, fuck! Work that tongue! Yes, Kevin! My little, pussy-hungry stud! Fuck! Fuck!

My orgasm crashed through me. I screamed out my delight. My pussy clenched. My juices spilled out into Kevin's hungry mouth. My eyes met Donna, Victoria, and Christina, the squires' eyes envious of my lover's cunnilingus prowess.

Keep eating me! Keep making me cum! I screamed, my hips jerking.

Kevin kept assaulting my clit. His tongue must be a blur. My pussy clenched again as more ripples of pleasure washed through me. My clit ached, becoming even more sensitive as my climaxes washed through me.

I gripped Kevin's hair harder, holding his tongue against my clit for as long as I could stand it. My nerves burned with pleasure. My body spasmed and shuddered. My eyes squeezed shut as a mighty surge of pleasure rippled through me.

My clit almost hurt with the agony of my ecstasy.

I pulled away, letting go of Kevin, Mmm, you were a stud, pussy slave, I grinned.

I'm so glad I could service you, Mistress, he grinned. 

We loved this game. When he won, I was his little cock slave. Dominating him was almost as much fun as when he held my red curls and fucked my mouth. But I never tried to lose, even if it was more fun to.

I think you need a reward, I grinned, sliding down his body again. I reached his hard cock, grinding on him for a moment.

Eating your pussy was reward enough, he grinned, licking his lips. But if it is your will to reward your humble servant, then you have my eternal thanks.

I laughed, shaking my head even as my fingers unlaced his britches so I could pull his thick cock out. He was hard and throbbing, his tip shiny with precum. I smeared my thumb across his tip. He shuddered, his hips bucking.

Mmm, I missed this cock, I grinned. You may have the biggest cock in the Chapterhouse.

I may have the biggest cock? he asked as I rose on my knees and guided his cock to my hot pussy.

I didn't fuck every cock while you were gone, I groaned as I sank down, his girth stretching my pussy open. But I did try.

Kevin laughed and groaned. He seized my arms and pulled me down for another kiss. My tangy juices adorned his lips. I loved the taste of my pussy on his mouth. My hips undulated as I rocked on him, my breasts and my hard nipples pressed against his chest. I shuddered as my pussy gripped his cock.

I did miss you, I moaned when we broke the kiss. I love you, Kevin.

His arms wrapped around me and then he rolled us over. I love you, too, Angela. 

I shuddered as he kissed me again. My legs wrapped around his waist. I loved his weight atop me. I worked my hips as he fucked me, his cock jabbing deep into my pussy. My aching clit ground into his pubic bone with every thrust.

I clung to his broad back, my fingers digging into his muscles as his strokes grew harder and harder. Kevin was the handsomest Knight Deute, and he was all mine. I shuddered beneath him, savoring the envy of all the women watching on.

Yes! I groaned. Yes, yes! Take me, Kevin! Fuck me! You're driving me wild!

I stared at the flushed cheeks of the watching women, their hips shifting, their hands between their thighs, fingering their pussies, envying my position. I knew Kevin had fucked them all, but it was me he came back to.

Work those hips, Angela! groaned Kevin. Damn, I missed your pussy! Oh, yes! Keep doing that! I'm gonna cum so deep in you!

I welcomed that moment. I was enchanted by a Thosian Mage. No child would quicken in my womb this year. I had ten months before I needed another spell cast on me. I would have completed my Quest by then. Kevin would marry me on my return.

I might not need the spell again.

Cum in me! I gasped. Give it to me!

Yes! he groaned, his thrusts hammering into me.

A new woman appeared to watch us. Lady Delilah. Her dark eyes locked on mine. She was so beautiful. Her lips smiled. I shuddered and gasped, cumming hard beneath my lover. My pussy massaged his cock as I stared into Lady Delilah's eyes.

Angela! Kevin groaned as he slammed his cock into my depths. Oh, yes! Oh, fucking yes!

His cock erupted in me. His hot cum flooded me. My body kept cumming. I shuddered and writhed, moaning as I drowned in Lady Delilah's dark depths. She was such an elegant and beautiful woman.

Yes! I screamed.

My pussy clenched harder as Lady Delilah's smile grew. My orgasm reached its peak. My fingers clawed into Kevin's back as my sheath milked every drop of his cum into my pussy. My pleasure crested and then crashed.

I shuddered and panted, my eyes fluttering. Lady Delilah was gone.

Damn, I missed you, Kevin said, turning my face so he could kiss me.

I savored his kiss, thrusting my tongue deep into him. But I thought of Lady Delilah.

I had known her since I was young. She had often come to my family's estates during the course of her knightly duties. I was eleven when I first saw her riding up on her charger, her flaming hair flying behind her, gleaming in her armor. She was sensual and beautiful. My body awakened to desires for the first time. That night, I enjoyed my first, fumbling masturbation, thinking of Lady Delilah as I reached my pleasure. 

I had such a crush on her as I blossomed into womanhood. She was my first love, but nothing ever came of it. I was only a child to Lady Delilah. I nurtured my crush and she was the reason I joined the Knighthood. My mother was against it, but I wanted to be just like Lady Delilah.

I would be like Lady Delilah.

Kevin rolled off of me. I stood up, smiling in delight as I brushed the sand from my ass and back. I fetched my blunted training sword and discarded breastplate. I didn't put it on, letting my naked tits hang out.

Thank you for the energetic training session, Sir Knight, I grinned as he put his armor back on.

You were always a spirituous sparring partner, Squire, Kevin nodded back. We kissed one last time, my hard nipples pressing on his cold breastplate. That was nice. I must meet with Lord-Commander William for lunch.

I nodded. I'll be joining you at that table soon. Tomorrow, I would head to the Temple of the Pure, the grand temple to the Goddess Saphique, and receive my Quest from the High Virgin Vivian herself.

I know you will. He gave me another kiss. Love you.

I smiled and walked away. My training was complete. I was left to my own amusements. I strolled past the envious women, their fingers sticky, and nodded to them. Ladies.

They glowered at me. That made me feel even better.

I walked deeper into the Chapterhouse, heading to my small cell. Kevin's cum trickled down my thighs. I loved that feeling. The musk of sex clung to me, that salty mix of cum, sweat, and pussy. It made me feel so alive.

I rounded a corner and there stood Lady Delilah. I gasped in shock.

What an impressive display, Squire, Lady Delilah purred.

I swallowed, a wave of heat washing through me as she stepped forward. I trembled before her. She was so beautiful. Her hand touched my thigh, her fingers burning against my flesh. I moaned as her fingers slid up, pressing beneath my chainmail loincloth and brushing the shaved, messy lips of my pussy.

My lady! I gasped as her fingers penetrated my pussy. Her touch was fire and lust. I moaned as a small orgasm rippled through me. My heart beat faster. I wanted to kiss her. I wanted to touch her, but I was scared. She was so imposing. So sexy. 

I was helpless before her.

Lady Delilah's smile grew hungrier as she withdrew her fingers. She held them up, glistening with a mix of my juices and Kevin's cum. She brought it to her lips, her black eyelashes fluttering as she cleaned her fingers. Mmm, the taste of youth. You have blossomed into a beautiful flower. A fire lily.

Th-thank you, my Lady.

I expect great things from you. 

I still trembled as she walked away and disappeared down a side-corridor, her boots echoing. My breath exploded out of me and I leaned against the wall, a big smile on my face. Lady Delilah had noticed me. I would win great honors on my Quest and make her proud.

I gathered myself and kept walking to my room.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

King Edward IV

I shuddered as John, my High Chamberlain, read the prophecy again with his reedy voice. He was an old man. He had long served my kingdom, first as a scholar for my grandfather George and then as High Chamberlain to my father Reginald. Now he was my chief advisor, and none in the realm was gifted with more of the God Cnawen's intelligence than he was.
You shall die, Mighty King, upon the Hero's Blade
The High King Empire shall rise once more
The Hero of the Lilies departs on perilous quest
Duty shall compel her darkness,
But vengeance shall compel your death
You shall die, Mighty King, upon the Hero's Blade
I don't need to hear the words again! I snapped. They've echoed in my head for the last three days. What do they mean? Who is this hero and why shall she kill me?

Yes, she is right, John nodded, the candlelight reflecting off his bald pate like sun glinting off the corner of a shield. Very surprising. Scholars had long thought the Hero would be male, and yet the Oracle's words refute that theory.

What are you talking about?

This prophecy is one of the simplest ever given down by the Oracle. A smile crossed John's aged face. So simple.

Then speak plain and explain how I may thwart the future.

Have you forgotten the studies of your youth, Your Majesty? Did your father waste all his money on those tutors.

I grinned. Not all the tutors. Magdalena had a spectacular bosom and she made the most spectacular moans when she came beneath me.

John's eyes flickered to my wife embroidering in the corner, her impressive bosom, enhanced by her pregnancy, displayed by her plunging, square-cut bodice lined by lacy ruffles. She had the blonde hair of a Princess of Zeutch, the shattered lands to the east. 

Yes, I imagine the sort of lessons you endeavored at, John laughed. I hope you know of the High King.

I arched an eyebrow. I mean to recreate his empire and not let some woman do it. I sneered. How can a woman even hope to rule? All men knew that a king was the embodiment of Holy Pater, father of the Gods. Only a man could be a father, so only a man could rule a land.

The Hero was prophesied as High King Peter lay dying. His final words were a promise that his descendant would claim his sword and restore his empire. For Peter knew that he died without heir and his empire was doomed to shatter. Once dead, his words were so feared, his sword, forged by the God Krab himself, was shattered and hidden throughout the Empire.

If he died without heir, how could he have a descendant to reclaim his throne?

He had descendants. Only none were male. Lily, his third child by his second wife. All his sons died, but his daughter survived and had children.

I frowned. That sounds familiar. Wasn't there a curse?

Holy Slata was angered at her husband Pater's devotion to his bastard son Peter. She cursed Peter and ensured all his sons died, and that his daughter Lily and all her descendants would only birth women. As I said, the prophecy is simple. One of Lily's descendants shall kill you.

I glowered. And how many of those are there? It's been a thousand years. Do we even know her bloodline after so long?

Of course. John reached over to a pile of books.

A draft rustled through the room. Queen Lavinia gasped, looking up from her embroidery. A sly smile crossed her lips, and she returned to stitching. I frowned and looked around. The door to my balcony was open, a breeze stirring through the room.

And there stood Lady Delilah. 

My breath caught. She was an enchanting creature, forever promising me the delights of her lush body while always denying me a taste. No woman had ever denied me but her. My cock hardened as she strode forward, her hips swaying. Her hair caught the candle light, almost shimmering like fire. It was hard to place her age. She wasn't a maid, but she also wasn't a mother. Her beauty was perfectly ripened. Her armor clinked as she walked. She was a Knight Deute, and shining greaves were strapped over her black, thigh-high boots. A loincloth chain draped from her heavy sword belt, leaving her upper thighs wonderfully bear. Her stomach was flat, and her pillowy breasts were cupped by steel, her cleavage impressive. A pair of slim pauldrons covered her shoulders, and bracers clad her slim wrists.

When did you return, Lady Delilah? I gasped.

Oh, I have been back for a few days, she smiled, her boots clicking as she walked over. She nodded to my wife. I had watched them before. Delilah may have denied me her charms, but she had let my wife sample freely.

Have you solved your little prophecy yet? she asked, sitting gracefully beside me, crossing her legs. Those delicious thighs begged to be touched.

I have, John said, fixing Lady Delilah with a hard gaze. How have you heard of it?

Lady Delilah smiled back, her lips ruby and so kissable. My heart throbbed. I would love to know who you think the Hero of Lilies is? Which of the High King's descendants shall kill our noble king?

As I was about to explain before your...umm...timely arrival, the answer lies in this book. He tapped the tome. It had a stuffy title: The Complete Genealogy of Lily of Hamilten, Princess of the Realm, Twenty-Third Revision. The College of Allenoth has kept meticulous track of Lily and her descendants. Currently, there are eighteen living descendants scattered across the Old Empire's lands. Including five living in our kingdom.

And which is the one that will kill me? I demanded, growing exasperated.

Yes. The telling line is 'The Hero of Lilies departs on a perilous quest.' It really was quite easy to deduce. Only one of Lily's descendants is a Knight. Her name is Angela, and according to Lord-Commander William, she will shortly finish her squireship and embark upon her Quest to earn her spurs and become a full Knight Deute. She is the daughter of Count Francis and his second wife, Countess Agnes, who herself can trace her lineage back to Lily in an unbroken line of mothers and daughters.

Then she must die, Queen Lavinia said, her hand sliding down to rub at her round belly. My son grew in her belly after several years of trying to conceive. A Mage of Thosi had cast a spell to ensure that her first child would be male. 

The succession had to be maintained.

Yes, I nodded, glancing at Lady Delilah. Would she balk at killing one of her fellow knights.

She must surely die to protect your kingdom, Delilah answered, her lips curling in a smile.

This must be delicately down, Your Majesty, John said. The Knights Deute protect our realm. But they are neutral in manners of politics. If we are found to interfere, there could be...repercussions.

Lady Delilah laughed.

John glared at her. Do you have something to add, madam?

Killing her will be no great chore. She is about to embark on her Quest!

And? I asked Delilah. It is rare for a Knight to die on a Quest.

Lady Delilah leaned forward, her hand resting on my upper thigh. Her touch burned through my hose, my cock throbbed hard. Her lips were so close, her bosom within reach. I wanted to claim her. But there was such fire in Lady Delilah. She would burn even me for daring. Not all Quests are equal. There is one that has been attempted many times and not been completed.

I scowled. But the Quests are drawn by lots. That is one Quest in a hundred. I cannot gamble the future of my kingdom on such low odds. Nor my life.

Then rig it.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Acolyte Sophia

I strode through the Temple of the Pure, my heart beating with excitement. A new pair of novices had arrived. Twins. Lust burned through my body. I was supposed to be praying in the main chapel to the Holy Virgin Saphique, Goddess of Maidens, but that wasn't nearly as much fun as breaking in a pair of twin sisters.

My pussy burned between my thighs.

My light-brown curls bounced around my shoulders as I quickly strode through the temple. My small, left breast, not covered by the winding cloth of diaphanous white that I wore, bounced, my pink nipples hard. My right breast was covered by the cloth that wrapped about my left shoulder and across my body diagonally to my waist, leaving my belly button exposed. There it wound about my waist and draped down to cover my ass and legs, leaving a small gap that exposed the tight slit of my pussy.

It was the priestly vestments of Saphique. 

My belly piercing glinted in the soft candlelight, adorned by a flashing ruby. I clicked my tongue piercing against the back of my teeth as I walked, my excitement growing. I reached the novitiate cells. The young maidens, just blossoming into womanhood, all smiled at me. They knew why I was here.

I loved young maidens. I had each of them in my bed. I may not be the most proficient Acolyteat twenty I should have already been a priestess for the last yearbut I was the most diligent at teaching the novices the joys of lesbian delight. Like our Goddess, none in the Temple of the Pure had ever lain with a man. We were all virgins;only the fingers, tongues, and dildos of women had been in our pussies.

I found the twins in the main room, looking uncomfortable. They wore the same vestments I did, their bellybuttons newly pierced and glinting with gold. Their piercings were unadorned. They would earn their gems. Acolytes, like me, had their tongues pierced with silver barbells and priestesses had their left nipples pierced.

The twins were gorgeous, their breasts barely budding topped by pale-pink nipples as small as buttons. So cute. Their lovely faces and lush lips were framed by curly, dark-brown hair, and their hazel eyes were wide.

Novices, I said as I stopped before them, my pussy clenching in delight. What are your names?

Daisy, Priestess, one answered. And this is my sister Rose.

Such delicious names. And they thought I was a priestess. Perfect.

Come with me, I ordered.

They gave each other nervous glances.

I smiled. Don't be afraid. You will find your first lesson very enjoyable.

Uh-huh, giggled another Novice. Acolyte Sophia will show you a few things.

And when you get back, we expect you to demonstrate, giggled a blossoming beauty, her breasts already swelling into a pair of lovely, round orbs.

Follow, I commanded. Technically, I could only command a novice when I was teaching them. And this wasn't a sanctioned lesson. But they didn't know that. And as long as I kept up my authoritative tone, these two were so nervous they would do anything.

I loved novices.

They trailed after me, their bare feet slapping on the stone of the temple. I hoped we didn't run into a priestess. But they should all be busy. Besides, I wouldn't get in too much trouble. My mother was a powerful patron of the church, and they wouldn't want to offend a Duchess.

We reached my small room, the floors covered by a delicious carpet and my mattress stuffed with soft goose feathers. Scented candles burned, filling the air with a heady musk. I breathed it in as I pulled in the two cute twins, holding them against my side.

Mmm, you two are just delicious, I purred and leaned down to kiss Daisy. My pierced tongue swirled through her mouth as she stood there, her lips frozen. I broke the kiss and shook my head. You can do better than that. Surely you've kissed before.

Daisy gave a shy nod of her head.

And I bet you practiced on your sexy twin, I grinned.

Her cheeks reddened as she nodded again. Rose squirmed on my other side.

Of course you did. She's so sexy. I leaned in, my lips just inches away. Let's try again.
I kissed her sweet lips. This time she didn't resist but kissed me back. My tongue swept through her delicious mouth. I shuddered as her tongue caressed mine, playing with my tongue piercing as she moaned softly.

There, that was nice, I grinned. Her exposed nipple was hard.

Yes, Sophia, she whispered.

I turned to Rose. Her hips shifted against me, her bare, bald pussy growing damp on my thigh. Someone's getting excited.

She nodded, a little more eager than her twin. Rose licked her lips and closed her eyes as she tilted her chin. I leaned down and planted a hot kiss on her lips. My tongue thrust deep into her mouth as my hand slipped down her waist to grope her tight ass. I gave a hard squeeze, pulling her tight against me. She shuddered, her hips undulating, smearing that hot pussy on my thigh. I squeezed her ass through the thin silk of her vestments.

Wow, Rose whispered when I broke the kiss.

Indeed, I grinned, licking my lips.

I led the two girls to my bed. Let's get naked. 

I grabbed Rose's cloth, unwinding it from her youthful body. She turned, her boyish hips shaking. She was just starting to get her womanly curves. Fourteen and delicious.

Perfect, I moaned as she stood naked. Her slit was so tight and girlish. I licked my lips. Isn't your sister, gorgeous, Daisy?

Yes, Sophia.

I glanced at the shy girl, her hands folded before her pussy, hiding her charms. Now let's strip Daisy naked.

Rose grinned and grabbed her sister's cloth, unwrapping her. Daisy turned, her cheeks growing redder as her body was exposed. She stood naked and trembling, her cute, little nipples hard. My pussy burned and I clenched my thighs.

But you're not naked, Sophia, Rose said, eyeing me.

Maybe we should change that, I winked at the girls.

Rose boldly grabbed my cloth. I turned, my small breasts jiggling. They were perky and perfect mounds, barely larger than apples. My hips had nice curves, and my pussy was completely bare. I could control whether I had pubic hairone of the first things a novice learned. 

Let's have a lesson, I grinned, leading my two charges to the bed. I spread Daisy out on my goose-feathered-stuffed mattress and snuggled on her right side while Rose took the left. When you have your lover in bed, you want to caress and kiss her everywhere, I said, leaning in to kiss Daisy on the lips.

Rose followed while I nibbled down to her ear, the two sisters sighing as their lips met. My clit ached to be touched.

It's important that you worship her. Every woman has been blessed by Saphique with pleasure that only we can give each other. Most women prefer brutish men, but we know the truth. My finger traced down Daisy's budding tit to her hard nipple. I circled her nub. Women will always give you more pleasure than a man. Men take, but we give.

Daisy nodded her head, sighing as her sister copied me, circling Daisy's other nipple.

I smiled, my lips kissing down her shoulder, tasting the salt of her skin as I reached her puffy tit. Daisy gasped as I sucked her little nipple into my lips, my tongue and piercing playing with the hard nub.

Rose engulfed the other, sucking with a frenetic desire. Daisy gasped and shuddered.

 Not so hard, I told Rose. Let Daisy tell you how she wants to be pleased. Some women like it hard and fast, others like a more gentle touch. And it will change. Sometimes her mood will be different.

Did I suck too hard? Rose asked, her face paling.

A little, Daisy smiled. But it was kinda nice.

I teased Daisy's nipple and Rose did the same, her lips sucking softer, her tongue swirling around Daisy's nipple. The young girl moaned and shuddered, her hips arching and her legs spasming. She gasped so sweetly.

A sweet scent tickled my nose. Daisy grew wet.

I let my hands roam her body. I caressed and teased her, touching every inch of her smooth skin save one special spother virgin pussy. Sometimes my hand brushed Rose's and she would giggle around Daisy's nipple. Daisy squirmed harder, the mattress shifting.

Sophia, she groaned. I need...more...down there.

I had avoided her little pussy. I pushed my hand between her thighs, sliding up, drawing every so close to her sweet snatch. Is your pussy on fire?

She nodded.

Say it, Daisy.

My...pussy is on...fire. I need to be touched.

I smiled at her and began to kiss down her body. I loved the salty taste of her skin. Her sweet scent grew stronger. Rose followed me, her smooches loud smacks. Rose even played with her sister's bellybutton, bringing a loud squeal from Daisy.

Rose and I settled between Daisy's spread thighs, her tight slit flushed red and spread open, revealing her pink depths. Juices beaded on her delicate folds. Rose sucked in her breath as she gazed at her sister's pussy.

My finger traced her parts as I whispered to Rose what the all the pussy's parts were named and how they needed to be caressed. Licked my lips, my tongue lapping through Daisy's snatch. I savored the taste of her pussy, so sweet and fresh. My tongue swirled around her little clit as she gasped and moaned.

Wow? Rose gasped.

Did you see how my tongue licked through her folds from the bottom to the top?

She nodded.

Do it.

Rose licked her lips before she leaned down. Both twins trembled. Oh, yes, Rose! Daisy moaned as Rose took her first swipe of pussy. That was nice.

How was your first taste of her pussy? I asked.

Delicious? Rose moaned and dived back in.

Her tongue was aggressive but unskilled, swirling around without any clue what she was doing. I nuzzled her ear, whispering instructions while Daisy's moans grew louder and louder. Rose pressed her face deep into her sister's pussy, teasing her hymen and nuzzling at her clit.

Perfect, I grinned, moving down Rose's body. She was kneeling, her ass so cute. 

I had to taste.

I spread her asscheeks apart, my tongue swirling up through her crack to rim her tight, sour asshole. Sophia! she gasped as I rimmed her, my tongue and piercing dipping into her bowels. That's dirty.

Nothing about you is dirty, I purred. Just concentrate on loving your sister while I make you explode.

Rose nodded and moaned before she returned to eating Daisy. Oh, yes! purred Daisy. I love it, Rose!

My tongue moved lower. Her ass was tasty, but I wanted to devour her pussy. The ruby glinting on my belly piercing meant I had mastered the art of cunnilingus. There were many arts for a priestess of Saphique to master, but this was my favorite.

I spread apart Rose's tight pussy, inhaling her sweet flavor. She had a slightly stronger flavor than her sister, but they were still so similar. I loved the taste of pussy. They all were delicious in all their myriad flavors.

Rose moaned as my tongue swirled through her pussy, nudging against her hymen. I pressed on her little membrane before I moved up through her folds. I sucked on her little labia and rubbed my tongue stud against her hard clit.

She gasped and moaned. Her hips shifting. I squeezed my thighs together as my own pussy burned. But I had patience. When I was through with these two, they would be begging to eat my pussy.

I sucked Rose's dainty clit into my mouth, brushing my tongue around her nub. She moaned, her hips bucking. I kept up the pressure. Her moans were muffled. She ate her sister harder as her ass clenched. Her orgasm built.

Oh, Rose! Daisy gasped. Oh, yes! Oh, wow! I'm gonna...gonna explode!

Cum, sister! Rose moaned. Let's cum together! Oh, wow! Oh, Sophia! You're driving me wild!

Rose's juices flooded my hungry mouth as both her and her twin sang out their pleasure. They both shivered and writhed. I kept flicking at Rose's clit, prolonging her orgasm as I drank down all her sweet juices.

Wow, Sophia, Rose gasped. I never knew. I've masturbated, but wow.

Uh-huh, Daisy grinned.

I smiled. Well, Rose, would you like to teach Daisy how to eat my pussy.

Oh, yes! Rose exclaimed, rolling over.

I would like that, Daisy blushed.

I settled on the bed, spreading my legs wide and pinched my nipples. Devour me, girls. I'm so hot. You two are so sexy.

Their cheeks pressed together as they both pressed their faces between my legs, their tongues wildly licking around my pussy. I shuddered as their fluttering, inexperienced tongues worked around my vulva and dove into my pussy. 

Lick my clit! Make me cum! I groaned, pulling harder on my nipples, savoring the hard pleasure.

They did, nuzzling and licking. I moaned, my eyes fluttering in delight. I was so hot. Playing with their nubile bodies had kept me on the edge. Their tongues met in my pussy, both almost kissing each other as they nuzzled at my clit.

I came. My juices squirted their faces. I didn't always squirt. I still hadn't mastered that, yet, but I shuddered and moaned. I drenched their innocent faces with my juices. My hips heaved and bucked. I gasped and moaned.

Oh, Saphique! I moaned to the heavens. Thank you for these sweet girls!

The door to my room slammed open. 

Acolyte Sophia! Priestess Georgina snapped.

Yes! I screamed as my orgasm still burned through me.

You little slut! You were supposed to be at prayer!

I was praying, I panted as the two twins trembled beside me. The three of us made sweet worship to Saphique.

Georgina glared at me, her large breasts heaving. Her nipple piercing and belly ring were adorned with glittering stones. She had almost achieved the rank of Virgin, mastering all the lesbian disciplines and would then receive her labia piercing.

Are those the two new novices? she gasped.

Their hymens are intact, I smiled. I was just giving them a lesson on cunnilingus.

Both novices trembled, their faces smeared with my juices.

Get dressed and return to your cells! the Priestess snapped. Acolyte Sophia had no right to bring you here.

Yes, Priestess, Daisy squeaked.

Priestess Georgina glared at me. Her jaw clenched. The High Virgin will see you when she returns from the Palace, Georgina spat. Maybe she can get you to obey.

Maybe, I smiled as I stood and slowly dressed. The novices were out the door in a flash, fleeing in fear. Though I'm sure my mother will happily give another donation to the temple to smooth this over. And it's not like I popped their cherries. 

I had done that once. It had caused the poor novice to be kicked out of the temple. She couldn't be properly sanctified and thus couldn't be a priestess. I felt really bad about that. I didn't mean to. I got carried away.

Priestess Georgina let out a shrill shriek.

You really must remain calm, Priestess, I smiled as I walked to her. You should carry yourself with the decorum of our Goddess.

I tried not to laugh as she screeched again.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

High Virgin Vivian

What you are asking is...improper, King Edward, I carefully said as I sat in his study, his pregnant queen embroidering on a nearby chair while the High Chamberlain, John, sat across from me at the table.

Do you want to see Secare and the world consumed by chaos of the High King's Empire restored? the King pointed out. 

He was a young, virile man. I was sure if I wasn't a lesbian, I might even find him handsome and dashing. As it was, I hated the way he leered at both my bared breasts and the nipples rings adorning my flesh. I led the entire faith of Saphique. I had mastered every lesbian technique. I was sixty-three and yet possessed the body of a twenty-five year old.

And this boy ogled me.

I do not, I conceded after a moment. But the Knights Deute have always entrusted the Temple of the Pure to fairly choose their Quests for their female knights. Why should we betray that trust?

For the future, he insisted.

Your future, I countered.

Virgin-Superior Elizabeth, the woman who administered the Temple of the Pure itself while I dealt with the entire faith, snorted in laughter. We had been friends and lovers for decades, rising together through the ranks of Saphique's church. I trusted her.

Angela must die, but it must look accidental, King Edward insisted, lifting his eyes from my breast. The good of all the Kingdoms is at stake. It will be war if Angela somehow tries to press the High King's claim. Haz, Valya, Thlin, Athlos, and the Principalities will rise up. Even the Magery of Thosi will become involved. This could plunge the continent into decades of suffering.

I glanced at Elizabeth. She arched an eyebrow. She thought there was merit to the plan. I licked my lips. But such a betrayal of trust is monumental. It might offend even our holy Goddess.

An offering could be arranged, the King said.

A bribe? Elizabeth asked. Something the Knights Deute could point at and cry foul.

John gave Elizabeth a shrewd look, pursing his lips. A concession, then.

Elizabeth nodded. Your father granted our temples exemption from tax collection for five years. That ends next spring.

King Edward's face blanched. My father was senile when he made that decision. The coffers need that income of the lands

They do not, John interrupted. And even if they did, the price can be borne. Right, Your Majesty?

King Edward froze and looked at his advisor. Right. Perspective. Fine. I will have it extended for another year.

Twenty. Elizabeth countered.

Five, King Edward said. Be reasonable.

Fifteen, I suggested.

The King's jaw clenched. Seven.

I glanced at Elizabeth and she gave a slight nod. What a wonderful idea Elizabeth had. I would have to reward her. Agreed. Angela will draw the quest to slay the dragon Dominari.

My stomach still churned when I returned to the temple. It was monstrous what we were doing, but seven years without having to pay the taxes would bring a bounty. Already our coffers were growing. We could build such monuments to Saphique with this money. And after seven years, King Edward may have a hard time repealing such an act. We could stir sympathy. After all, wise, beloved, and dead King Reginald gave us the tax relief in the first place.

My good mood evaporated when I found Sophia sitting in my office's antechamber, Priestess Georgina glowering beside her. The young acolyte tested my patients in ways few others had. But her mother was wealthy, and her donations kept her haughty daughter enrolled.

I will deal with you in a moment, I glowered at her. She didn't appear that intimidated. The damn girl knew how much wealth her mother donated.

Elizabeth followed me into my office. There is one thing, Vivian, she said. We have to sacrifice an acolyte along with Angela.

I froze. I had forgotten that. It was customary to send one of our acolytes with a female Knight Deute on her Quest to assist with divine magic. And then a smile crossed my lips. I know just whom to send.

Elizabeth gave me a curious look.

Sophia.

Her mother will object.

Why? It is a great honor to be chosen. I have three letters from her mother demanding to know why her daughter has never been chosen for a Quest.

Because she's useless, Elizabeth muttered. I'm not sure she has ever paid attention during lectures on divine magic.

Exactly. We can be rid of the little bitch and appease her mother all at the same time. Send her in so we can give her the great news.

To be continued...