                                         Singapore
                                       By Lust 4 Life

A true story about a week of debauchery in Singapore. MFFFF

Background

This is a true story about a week in Singapore. Singapore is part Indian, part ethnic 
Chinese, and part local Malay, with of course a good smattering of other nationalities 
thrown in. I was there on business which involved meeting an Indian gentleman who was 
my local distributor. He and a couple of friends of his and I spent the first few days 
together while we were taking care of business during the day and enjoying the local 
attractions during the evening. After we were done, he left on other business and I spent 
additional time by myself.

While with my Indian friend (and his 2 friends), we ate delicious Indian food breakfast, 
lunch, and dinner. Dinner was usually accompanied by a bottle of Johnny Walker scotch, 
before heading out.

We went out one night to a strip club where the girls were hustling over priced drinks. 
My friend thought he was going to convince one of them to come back with us after 
closing but he eventually gave up. As we left the building there were a number of pimps 
offering to set us up with girls for the night. My friend decided that he was horny so he 
accepted the offer of one of the pimps, we hopped in a taxi and the pimp had us drive 
around to an apartment. Soon two Thai girls came out, we paid the pimp, the girls piled 
into the taxi with us and we headed out. Arriving at the hotel, we each took a girl and 
headed to our separate rooms. My girl and I quickly stripped and soon I was hard and 
ready. She rolled a condom on me, laid back and spread her legs. I brought my eager 
cock to her pussy and slowly slipped inside and started fucking her. She was bucking 
under me, groaning and gasping until I felt my cum building and finally thrust into her 
and came. We fucked again a bit later before she had to leave.

Another night my friend took me back to the same strip bar, but this time he was just in a 
playful mood. Now you have to know that the girls dancing on the little podium do not 
make money, they provide entertainment so the other girls can hustle drinks, which is 
where the money is, so the girls rotate taking turns on the podium. Anyway, soon my 
friend was up on the stage, dancing with the girls (he wasnt stripping, thankfully). 
Turned out the girls loved it! They were there just doing a job, dancing on a little podium, 
so having some audience participation just made it fun for them. We eventually got bored 
with that so he took me to a little Indian dance club upstairs from an Indian restaurant we 
had been eating at everyday. This time, not only did he get out on the stage dancing but 
he got me up there as well. However, the manager finally decided enough was enough 
and asked us (very politely) to leave. Ah, wild fun times.

So another night, he was feeling generous (business had gone well), so he took me to a 
fairly high class brothel and paid. He recommended we try a local Malay girl, to which I 
agreed. Two nice looking young ladies showed up and led us each upstairs. My girl took 
me into a room with a large bed, mirrored walls and ceiling. We quickly stripped and she 
led me into the shower where she thoroughly cleaned me, top to bottom. We then 
returned and she had me lay on the bed. She began licking her way up my thighs, lifted 
my legs, licked my ass till I was squirming, then continued to my cock and balls till I was 
harder than a rock. She straddled me and settled down on my cock, riding me cow girl 
style while I laid and played with her breasts and watched her fucking me in the ceiling 
mirrors. Eventually we rolled over and I fucked her missionary style until I couldnt hold 
out any longer and I erupted inside her. Ahh-h!

After that, my friend left on other business and I was left on my own (now switching to 
fantastic Chinese food for breakfast, lunch, and dinner). Before starting on the trip, I had 
hooked up with a woman Ill call TS (ethnic Chinese) about my age on an internet 
swingers site. She was (not surprisingly) skittish at first but we eventually got to chatting 
and she agreed to meet me when I was in Singapore. My first night on my own we met 
for dinner. After we talked for a bit, she explained that she had a guy with whom she had 
a long term fuck buddy relationship, coming in from New Zealand, but I seemed like a 
nice guy and so she would set me up with some younger friends of hers. Sounded alright 
to me. So we went to a night club about 11 PM. Two younger Chinese girls came in and 
we all sat around talking and drinking. One of them picked up another guy at the bar and 
TSs New Zealand boy friend eventually showed up, so we were 6. We drank, danced, 
talked until about 3 AM when the bar closed. At that time, TS and her boyfriend departed 
while the remaining 4 of us departed to another night club around the corner and 
continued until about 4 AM. We finally departed and my girl & I stumbled up to my 
room (in the hotel with the second night club). We stripped down, fell into bed groping 
and fondling each other and soon I had my cock buried in her pussy fucking away. She 
was screaming and bucking under me until once again I thrust in and felt my cock 
throbbing as I emptied my balls. She said she had to go but we agreed to meet the next 
night at the night club.

Naturally I slept in late and eventually got up and did some sight seeing. I texted my new 
friend from last night (the one I fucked) but she said she was too hung over to do much so 
I took in a great museum by myself. I also texted TS and we agreed to meet again with 
my new lady friend, the New Zealand guy, and some others around 11 PM. So I showed 
up and waited but they were no where to be seen. I noticed that this was the place to pick 
up white guys. There were a number of Russian prostitutes as well as local amateurs just 
out to pick up a guy. I staked out a table and waited for my friends to show up. There was 
a good band playing live music. An hour later, midnight, no sign of them. I tried texting 
them but no response. Around 12:30, a nice Indian lady approached me and asked if she 
could join me and sit at my table, since the place was now very crowded. I said sure, and 
we chatted a bit over the music, and I eventually asked her if she wanted to dance. She 
said yes so we went out and danced. We went back to the table and started talking some 
more. Finally, around 2 AM TS and the rest of the crew showed up but I told them, sorry, 
for this evening at least I had waited, no response, and now I met someone else I wasnt 
going to just up and leave.

That scored a lot of points with my new Indian lady friend. Anyway, we stayed and 
danced until closing time (3 AM). The UB40 song Red Red Wine is now permanently 
etched in my mind (one of the bands better songs) with some very pleasant memories. 
We once again adjourned to the night club in my hotel. By this time, my Indian lady 
started really letting me know what she had in mind, rubbing her ass against my crotch 
and growing erection, and I could tell she was enjoying feeling the effect she was having 
on me as I ground back at her. I was ready to leave and head to my hotel room with her, 
but she wanted to keep partying.

Around 5 AM she decided it was time to leave and we went out for a bite of breakfast 
before returning to the hotel and going to my room. Since we had been dancing all night, 
we stripped down and hopped in the shower. Soon she lifted a leg and settled herself onto 
my cock. Uhm, that was nice but I definitely wanted a more comfortable place to finish, 
so we toweled off and headed for the bed. After a little bit of fondling she spread her legs 
and I entered her. That was when real temptation reared it head, because the next thing 
she said was, Dont throw in me! What? Oh! I finally figured out she meant Dont 
come in me! I was riding her bareback and she was not on birth control! But she did 
want me to keep fucking her for a while.

Her skin was the softest I have ever felt and her pussy gripped me like something else. In 
short order I was ready to cum. Should I or shouldnt I? I was sorely tempted to just keep 
plugging away and unload inside her, god did I want to! But I just wasnt going to do 
that, so reluctantly I told her I had to pull out (now if she had changed her mind in the 
heat of passion and told me not to pull out, I have to admit that I would have given her 
my full load). I did have a box of condoms, so I put one on and we finished up with me 
filling the condom instead of her pussy.

Afterward we napped for a bit, then got up and walked around Singapore doing some 
sight seeing before returning to the hotel for another good fuck. I had to get up early the 
next day to catch a flight home so she left and I got a few hours sleep before heading to 
the airport.

I have met ladies and had sex on other travels, but Singapore was far beyond anything 
else. Good business, great food, plenty of alcohol, and lots of sex with a variety of 
different women!

