      The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which
    it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work. 
    Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the
    copyright holder, except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access,
    noncommercial archive sights.
    
    Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.
    
    Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com
    
    This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance. 
    
    Please!  Give me your comments.
     
    
    MY INHERITANCE
    
    Chapter 29
    
    Family Time 
    
    With Mom, Dad, Abby, Betty and Cathy all watching, unblinking and in shock, I rolled
    Andy off me.  She did not even groan when her head thudded against the floor.  She was
    splayed out in all her naked glory, which is quite glorious I will admit, but I knew she
    would be mortified to have them see her this way. Why, you ask, would a woman who
    screamed for a man to fuck her up the ass as she was bound over a whipping horse in a
    New York City bondage club watched by several hundred people, be embarrassed by being
    seen naked by four women and a man in her own home?  Hell, I don't know, but she
    would.   
    
    Cathy saw my desperate glance, grabbed a comforter and threw it over Andy.  I heard
    Mom gasp as I stood to pick up and carry her to the bedroom where I lay her on the bed
    and covered her over.  When I kissed her lightly on the lips, her eyes popped open and she
    pushed me away.
    
    "No, Davy. Too tired. Too sore," she mumbled before she fell asleep again. I slipped on
    some chinos and returned to the living room.  My family had not moved.  Dad was staring
    at the place Andy had been and his cock was at attention. In his mind, he was still seeing
    Andy naked and the thought of her body was driving him wild right now.  Mom had
    noticed Dad, too. She was eyeing him thoughtfully. 
    
    "So, everyone had a good time in Aspen?"
    
    "Great time," Dad said. We all started talking about everything but the sight they saw when
    they came in. Cathy just had to know.
    
    "What happened to Andy?"
    
    All right.  Here is a dilemma.  All of them were programmed by Uncle Bert to be my
    kittens, except Dad who was a horny old tom cat.  But, they were not currently under
    programming so anything I said or did would be received by them as if they had never
    been programmed. 
    
    How to answer?  Honesty in family relations is important, you know.
    
    "She had one hell of an accident skiing yesterday.  Took a real bad tumble coming down a
    black diamond slope."
    
    No one was buying that.  In for a dime, in for a dollar.
    
    "She was lucky she did not break anything.  It was a really bad accident."
    
    "Oh?" Abby said.   "How does one get a hickey on a tittie in a skiing accident?" The three
    sisters giggled nervously as they watched Mom for her reaction.  Five days ago they would
    have received a long lecture on both their language and the proper subject for discussions
    by young ladies.  The programming I gave Mom held.  She just smiled and said, "I bet
    Davy gave her the hickie. What do you think, Charlie?"
    
    "I don't know. But, I know I need to lay down for a while. Why don't you come with me,
    Alice?"
    
    "I think I will.  I could use a short nap myself."  They must have been real tired because
    they ran for the bedroom. 
    
    "Can you believe it?  I think Mom and Dad went to fuck," Betty said after the bedroom
    door was safely closed.  All three started babbling about the general ramifications of
    knowing your parents are off fucking, which has been a topic of discussion between
    parents as well as children since time immemorial.  I watched my sisters. 
     
    Ever since Uncle Bert, in that first message Andy gave my six months ago, said he had
    fucked all three of my sisters and all of my female cousins, I had wondered what they
    would be like in bed.  As you remember, I had Cathy the other night. I planned to have
    Cathy again but Abby and Betty were different.  Sure, I loved them and I would do
    anything for them. I just never wanted to fuck them.  Well, maybe a little, but not enough
    to even beat off with them as the fantasy and certainly never as much as I wanted Cathy.   I
    beat off thinking about her many a time. It occurred to me that knowing Uncle Bert had
    fucked them made me want them just to have them, almost like a prize or sharing a reward
    a friend had, not because they were desirable women and wonderful individuals in their
    own right.   Was that the devil dog? Or, was that just being male? 
    
    I was contemplating and they were gossiping when the back door opened and Mary called
    a friendly hello. We all went to help her. Amid the rapid female banter, I realized I was not
    needed.  I left them happily talking about the age when people quit enjoying sex, not that
    any of them were old enough to know. I slipped out of my chinos, lay down on the bed
    beside Andy and closed my eyes.    Sleep quickly came and I dreamed again. 
    
    Andy, Cathy and I were at a white, old fashioned, wrought iron, table, the kind you see in
    ice cream parlors, sitting in those matching wrought iron chairs.  We were outdoors under
    a large tree, like a Paris street scene from an Impressionist painting in the museum, with
    gaily dressed people in late nineteenth century clothing strolling nearby.  You could hear
    the chatter and the music of a organ grinder on the street corner. We were eating ice cream
    sundaes from tall glasses, using long-handled spoons.
    
    Andy and Cathy were dressed in dresses of the period, sexy, full frocks with low bodices
    emphasizing lush breasts, waists tightly constricted and corseted, and loose skirts with hems
    to the ground.  Andy was unbelievable, her already narrow waist drawn down to only
    eighteen inches by the corset.  It also pushed up and displayed her breasts, making her
    hourglass figure even more pronounced.  She was coquettish, flirting with me shamelessly
    (at least, shamelessly for that time period). Although it was obvious she would welcome
    any advance I made to her, I was uninterested in sex.  I was naked and my cock was
    flaccid. 
    
    The devil dog was lying quietly beside me, as any well behaved dog would be with its
    master.   "Diablo," Cathy called. The giant dog raised his head to look at her.   Cathy slid
    down in her chair and put her feet on the edge of the table, spreading her legs invitingly.
    She raised her skirt to her waist.  Underneath, she was wearing the white hose of the
    period, which were attached to the corset by garters. She was panty less. Her pussy lips
    were already plumped in need and her hairy bush had  been neatly trimmed. She opened
    her knees wider. 
    
    "Pussy, Diablo. Pussy," she said in a high, childish voice as if offering her pet a treat. The
    devil dog crawled between her legs. She flinched when his cold nose touched her hot box,
    gaining her smells.  His long, thick tongue began to lap at her slit.  I could see his tongue
    enter her, see the wetness of his saliva and her juices, coating her pussy lips and upper
    thighs.  I could see her clit quivering when his sandpaper like dog's tongue brushed against
    it.  She was groaning loudly.  The passers by did not notice her or us but continued as if
    we were not there. 
    
    Diablo's tongue was now a cock, a thick, long, man's cock. Cathy started to gasp, obviously
    in the throes of orgasm, as his tongue moved faster and faster in and out of her.  She
    squealed and shivered.  Her back arched and she moaned very loudly, still without
    attracting any attention.  Then, she pushed him away, pulled her dress down and sat up
    straight as if nothing had happened.
    
    "Bad dog," she said sharply and hit him across the nose with the long-handled spoon. 
    Diablo lumbered back beside me and sat. He looked me in the eye, and said, in English
    without a trace of accent, "and, you call females of my species bitches."  He lay down
    again, his giant head resting on his forepaws and closed his eyes. 
    
    Cathy had a devilish, slutty look as she stared at me.  She said with a leer, "Davy, don't you
    want to crawl over her and lick my sweet pussy?"  Diablo raised his head to look at me. 
    He was smiling.  
    
    I felt a warm hand on my cheek, tender and light in its touch. My eyes opened to see Mary
    sitting beside me.  "You okay?" she asked softly.  
    
    "Sure. Just resting my eyes."
    
    "Your guests are wondering what happened to Andy and you. She does look pretty beat
    up."  
    
    "She is going to be fine," I replied as I struggled to sit up. Andy was still hard asleep, dead
    to the world. I took a quick, cold shower to refresh me. Dinner was almost ready when I
    got back to the kitchen. Mary had made rosemary chicken with garlic potatoes, steamed
    vegetables and fresh, bakery bread.  Dad already had the wine opened and was sampling it. 
    
    When I walked into the kitchen, I was pinged.  Ping, ping. Again and again. Abby and
    Betty were leaning against the counter talking to Mom and Mary as they worked on dinner.
    Dad was in the living room watching the news on TV. Cathy was sitting in a chair
    watching me. Ping, ping. 
    
    Ignoring Cathy's sexual advances,  I took Abby into the middle bedroom to talk. Everyone
    else wanted to go, too, but it was none of their business. I wanted to put her in a trance to
    explore how much directional capability I had with her.  If she had been programmed like
    most of the kittens, all I could do was make her fuck me. If she was programmed like
    Mom, I had a lot of power.  She was like Mom.  I met with Betty, Cathy, Mom,  Dad and
    Mary. By then, I was ready and so was dinner.
    
    What does your family talk about over dinner?  Grades? Soccer games?  The work day?
    We talked about sex.  We really talked about sex. I had programmed all of them to be
    totally honest with me and discuss anything and everything I wished. I also had
    programmed them to not remember any of it after dinner, but to remember we spent the
    entire time talking about skiing and old episodes of Seinfeld.  
    
    Rather than relating all the conversation in detail, I will summerize the key points.  Dad and
    Mom had been faithful to each other all those years, with one exception.  It was when I
    programmed Mom to make Dad the best fucked man in LA that things changed.  Since
    then Dad had sex with eleven different women, and Mom joined in all of them.  When I
    asked Mom if she had been programmed to be faithful, she said yes.  She never mentioned
    her long time affair with Uncle Bert, so  I was sure he had blocked out her admitting it
    even under programming.  I wondered if Mom and Dad would have been as pure if Uncle
    Bert had not intervened. 
    
    Abby gave her virginity to my best friend, Roger Peckwood, when she was sixteen.  One
    night when he and I were spending the night at my place so we could leave early the next
    morning for the beach, he had snuck into her room as the two of them had previously
    arranged. I think I remember that night. I know I remember the next day. Roger was very
    tired.  Betty lost her virginity to Uncle Bert.  Cathy raped Uncle Bert one night as he had
    already told me in one of the messages he left me.  
    
    Abby loved to suck cock but Betty did not.  Abby would take it up the ass but did not like
    it much. Betty was the about the same.  Cathy loved to suck and get ass fucked (no
    surprise there).  Mom and Dad had a great sex life, much better since the programming
    change I made in Mom. 
    
    The real reason I wanted the discussion was to obtain every ones knowledge and opinion of
    Cathy and problem. One thing that came out is Cathy made a practice of fucking every boy
    either Abby or Betty dated, which may be one of the reasons both of them were so
    popular.  The other thing  which was such a revelation was Cathy seduced Dad when she
    was almost fifteen.  Ever since then, she had used that as a weapon to get from Dad what
    she wanted, having sex with him three of four times a year just to keep him in line. That
    was Dad's only affair. 
    
    The very strong and uniform conclusion:  Cathy was a predatory bitch.    My problem was
    what to do about it. 
    
    Remember, Uncle Bert believed, although he was not sure, that Cathy's problem stemmed
    from a brain chemistry interaction with the programming chemical he gave her.  I was
    leaning towards a different conclusion.  I instructed Abby, Betty and Dad to go fuck and
    not come out of the bedroom until morning. I ordered Cathy to clean the kitchen and do
    the dishes, then report to me for further instructions. I led Mom and Mary into the living
    room where I returned Mom to her trance.  
    
    There, for almost an hour, we talked about Cathy.  Mary contributed heavily to the
    discussion.  Once again, she gave wise counsel.  When I believed I had all the information
    Mom had to give, I ended her trance. 
    
    "Well, what were we talking about?" Mom asked, trying to clear her head.
    
    "I had just asked if you liked your nipple rings."
    
    "Oh . . .  Yes, I do.  My nipples are much more sensitive now and, well, that increases my
    fun."
    
    "Let me see them again."  She did not hesitate in removing her top. I began playing with
    them, primarily to test her reactions. Desire crossed her face. She put her hand on the back
    of my neck and guided my mouth to her breast.  I was six-months-old again, nursing at
    mother's teat, except this time I heard Mom moaning.   I enjoyed the feel of them in my
    mouth, the rings as well as the nipples. 
    
    "Why don't you take your mother to bed, Davy?" Mary asked.
    
    "No. I could not do that," Mom retorted, pushing me away from her. 
    
    Before I could respond, Cathy walked in and asked for further instructions.
    
    To be continued . . . 
    
    Please! Give me your comments.
    
    Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com
    
    
    
    
    
    
    