Meagan invites Walter to fuck her, too.
Walter found the Pizza place magnet on the fridge and called in his order. One Large pie, extra cheese, half mushrooms and half sausage. The guy knew the address and said it would be there in about twenty minutes. Walter did a quick mental calculation and determined that the cost of the pizza plus a tip would come to a cool twenty. So, he told the guy that he would be paying cash. The pizza guy rang off and Walter just stood there with his finger over the accept button. About ten seconds later, his phone rang and Walter saw the same number that he had just dialed for the Pizza order. Walter pushed accept and said hello. The pizza guy was, as expected, confirming the order. Walter confirmed it and asked the pizza guy to add his phone number to the house address in the computer. "OK, mister, it will be on its way in about ten minutes." Walter: "Thanks."
Just as the call ended, Eileen walked into the kitchen. She was talking on her own phone. She was wearing those white Yoga pants and a wife beater T-shirt with no bra. Her cute little nipples were making pleasantly pointed bumps in the material. Judging by the lack of any panty lines, no 'knickers' either. Walter could only stare, man she looked good.
Eileen: "Yes, I know, I'll ask him"
With her hand over the phone, she told Walter: "It's my sister Meagan, she says 'hi' and wants us to come over to her house tonight. What do you think?"
Walter: "We've got a pizza due here in twenty minutes."
Eileen, into the phone:" What time?" . . . . "OK" To Walter: "Eight O'clock?"
Walter: "Sounds doable, what should we bring, wine or something?"
Eileen: "We'll be there, can we bring anything?. . . . OK. . . . OK. . . Bye."
Walter: "What did she say?"
Eileen: "She said to just bring ourselves. She is expecting a video-call from Jim around eight thirty and she thought it might be good if you were there to see him and talk to him."
Walter: "Sounds good."
Eileen told Walter that Meagan said for them not to bring anything. Eileen also liked her own reaction when Walter had said can 'WE' bring anything. She found his use of the word 'we' somehow made her feel good.
Walter did another quick mental calculation; Eight thirty here was three thirty in the morning, actually the next day, where Jim was. He was also not going to mention that he has been in touch with Jim by email from the base. Walter was aware of the mission and targets that Jim was working and some of the information developed by Jim's efforts were actually passing through Walters' hands. So, he was not going to tell anyone, including Eileen, unless Jim said something on the video chat.
The pizza was delivered on time and Eileen definitely approved of Walters choices for the toppings. She took a slice from each half and alternated between them, almost finishing them both before she declared herself 'stuffed'. Walter ate his share and suggested that they stash the rest in the fridge for a late-night snack. Eileen agreed and found the appropriately sized containers to store the leftovers.
Eileen stood up and asked Walter how he liked the outfit. Walter told her that she had better stop showing herself off or they might be late getting to Meagan's'. Eileen asked: "Should I change before we go over?"
Walter: "There's two young boys in that house, right?"
Eileen: "Yes, so that means a bra and some knickers, I guess."
Walter: "Depends on how much you want to torture your nephews."
Eileen: "Won't take a minute to change, be right back."
Eileen ran upstairs and was back in a very few minutes. She had changed out of the 'Wife Beater' into a light, but loose sweater. She was wearing a red plaid wrap around skirt over the Yoga pants. She saw Walter looking at the skirt and she said: "It was easier than putting on knickers."
After a short ride, they were at Meagan's house at about ten till eight. 'Ding-dong' and Meagan opened the door welcoming them in. They went into the family room and sat themselves on the couch facing the wide-screen TV. Walter could see the little camera on the top of the screen and the impressive assembly of electronics equipment on the two shelves below.
Eileen: "Where are the boys?"
Meg: "They're in their room playing video games. I'll call them when the call comes through, unless you want to see them before?"
Eileen: "No, let them be. We can visit with them later."
Walter: "So how have you been, Meg?"
Meg: "I've been great, but miss Jim. Made a few commissions on a couple of sales. Other than that, fairly routine for a woman with her husband thousands of miles away."
Walter, already knowing the answer, but being polite: "Still planning to meet Jim in Germany?"
Meg: "It's not going to happen. Jim said that they are just too busy for him to be able to get away. He's afraid that they might even extend his tour. That would really suck."
Eileen: "They can do that? They promised that he would only be gone for a year!"
Walter: "Yes, they can do almost anything that 'meets the needs of the mission' including screwing over their senior guys. They know that Jim is on the downhill run toward retirement and they have him right where they want him."
Eileen: "That's so unfair."
Meg: "Tell me about it. Would you like anything to drink or snack on?"
Eileen: Nothing for me, we just stuffed our faces with pizza."
They chatted on for a while. Walter noticed that there was a little LED lit up on the TV and figured that it was in some 'waiting for contact' mode. At about two minutes past eight thirty, there was a series of 'beeps' and 'bloops' from the TV followed by a screen announcing an incoming video call from Jim and a couple of boxes providing the options to accept or reject the call. Meagan picked up the remote and selected the accept option. A couple of more 'beeps' and a giant image of Jim appeared on the screen. He appeared to be looking at something under the screen and reacted when the image of the three of them appeared on his screen. "Hello" he said, trying to focus on the image.
Meg: "Hello Jim. Thought that I'd include Eileen and your friend Walter tonight."
Walter and Eileen both said hello and Jim appeared happy to see them. Meagan yelled down the hall: "Oiy, you two, your fathers on the tube, get down here."
The boys came running and the next few minutes were taken up by Jim catching up with the boys, their school, their sports and their life in the last week. When he asked them about their homework, they exchanged a guilty look and tried to change the subject. Jim caught on and said: "Mom, no more video games until they show you their homework, got it?"
The boys said, almost in unison: "Yes, sir" and looked at their mom for guidance. "Room, now, homework." Was all she had to say and the boys disappeared back down the hall. Meg, Eileen and Walter talked on for a few minutes before the TV made a different kind of beep and a countdown clock appeared at the bottom. Five minutes to go, 4:59, 4:58 etc.
Eileen: "Jim, you probably want to talk to your wife without us being here, Walter and I will be out in the kitchen."
Jim: "OK, it was great seeing you again, Walter, take care, I'll be in touch."
Walter stood and saluted toward the camera and Eileen got up. They walked out to the kitchen and Eileen got a glass of cold water from the thing in the refrigerator door. Looking at Walter: "That pizza made me a little thirsty, want some?"
Walter: "No, I'm good. Jim looks tired."
Eileen: "What time is it over there?"
Walter told her that it was just shy of four in the morning in Turkey. Eileen figured that Jim was up in the middle of the night just to make a call home at a time convenient for his family. What a guy.
They heard a few more 'bleeps' and 'bloops' and then the Family room seemed to be quiet. Walter and Eileen returned to find Meagan sitting on the couch, looking a little weepy. Eileen sat by her and tried to console her. Meagan's major complaint was the uncertainty of Jim's return and the postponement of a rendezvous, for them, around the middle of the tour. "He can't tell me any details, of course, but he says to keep an eye on the news from Syria, Iraq and Iran. I think that something's up and I don't like it. Have you been following the news?"
Eileen: "No, I'm usually giving Ian a bath at the early news time and I'm in bed, myself, when the late news comes on. What about you, Walter?"
Walter: "Well I try to keep up on things, we get the papers at the base so it's a little easier to stay current. But I don't really know what's going on." Telling Eileen, a complete lie really bothered him. He had to think about this situation.
Eileen excused herself to go to the 'powder room.' It was probably that big glass of water that she just had. She started down the hallway leaving Walter and Meagan on the couch.
Meg: "Looks like you kids are hitting it off?"
Walter; "Yeah, it's getting better every time that I can be with her. Thank you, Meagan, for setting this up. I didn't know what to expect, maybe a joke, maybe some poor lonely lady needing a man's touch; but not this, a young, healthy, beautiful woman who meshes with me on more and more things as we move along. I knew that something was up when she told you that she wanted me to meet her (and your) parents. Nice people.
Meagan: "Well Walter, I'm glad that it's working out for you two. Now I want to speak plainly to you. Consider what I'm saying as family confidential. NOFORN, understand?
Walter: "Is Eileen the 'Forn' in question?
Meg: "Yep".
Walter; "OK, what is it?"
Meg: "I want you to consider, and I'm not looking for an answer yet, but consider one more 'rogering' detail. I can set it up again, at the Guest House, and it would be very discreet; extremely discreet. What do you think?"
Walter: "Who?"
Meagan: "Me"
Walter: "Wow, that's a lot to think about. You're serious? Can I get back to you on this?"
Meg: "Sure, I'll call you on your cell next Tuesday, say around seven?
Walter: "Ummm . . . OK"
Meagan walked back to the family room leaving Walter standing in the kitchen trying to figure out his own feelings about her most recent request. On the one hand, he didn't want to do anything that would jeopardize his relationship with Eileen, her sister. And, on the other hand, Meagan was his friend, and his sometimes boss, Jim's wife. Could he betray Jim that way? and on the third hand, wait, he only has two hands, but next, Meagan is an extremely attractive and sexy woman, could he pass this up without regretting it for the rest of his life? He definitely had some thinking to do.
The base guest house was definitely out. Those INSCOM snakes look over the register, the gate guard license plate log, the license plate scanners along the roadways and parking lots, CCTVs all over the place and who knows whatever else. He didn't want to have to explain anything to that group of military slime at his next security clearance review, or even sooner if they thought anything could pose a potential 'embarrassing situation', which could lead to pressure on a person with certain access. Besides, as a minimum, Jim would find out and there would be hell to pay.
He promised himself not to dwell on this until he was back in the BEQ tomorrow night. He would enjoy the weekend with Eileen and think about that another day. And yes, he did get that thought from the movie, 'Gone with The Wind'.
Eileen was back in the family room with Meagan when Walter walked back in. The two sisters looked really good sitting there on the couch together. Eileen has the better ass, but Meagan has bigger and more luscious tits. Both of them are really pretty and their hair is exactly the same color. 'I wonder if Meagan shaves her bush?' No! Stop thinking about that and sit down, shut up, and pay attention.
Walter took up a seat next to Eileen and the three of them discussed everything and anything for the better part of an hour. Walter caught Eileen's eye and then looked at his watch. Eileen got the hint and said: "Well, Meg, I think that we had better be shoving off for home. We had a great time and it was wonderful seeing and talking to Jim, again."
Meagan got up and started walking toward the front door: "Yes, it was nice, and it was nice seeing you again, Walter. I hope to see you again soon." She gave her sister a kiss on the cheek and did the same for Walter.
They hadn't gone a mile when Walter pulled the car over into a mini-mall parking lot. He turned to Eileen and said: "Eileen, we need to talk."
Eileen, startled by the suddenness of Walters stop and the stress that she heard in his voice: "What's wrong, did I do something wrong?"
Walter: "No not you, me. Well, not exactly me. Eileen, I do love you and I don't want to ever do anything that would come between us. But I don't know how to put this any easier, your sister asked me something tonight that is both unexpected and bizarre. "Meagan is your sister and I know that you love her, and I don't want to get between you and her, but . . . . "
Eileen interrupted: "She asked you to do her, too, right?"
Walter was floored: "What? You knew?"
Eileen: "Well, yes. I suggested it."
Walter: "What?"
Eileen: "Yes, she's been getting a little 'edgy' lately, if you haven't noticed, and with Jim not going to be home until so much later, and the mid tour rendezvous being cancelled, and everything else; I just thought that a good old fashioned 'rogering' was in order. She did it for me, didn't she?
Walter: "What?"
Eileen: Walter, you've got to stop saying 'what'. You weren't supposed to tell me about this, were you?"
Walter: "Umm . . . no, but. . . . "
Eileen: "Don't worry about it, she's my sister. As long as I know about it and approve, then it isn't cheating, is it?"
Walter: "And it doesn't seem unusual to you?"
Eileen: "Not any more than her having set me up with a blind date that was actually a 'blind fuck' if you'll excuse the term. We started out together with you giving me a sort of 'mercy jump', right? So, why would I get upset if you return the favor, so to speak?"
Walter: "This isn't some joke that you and your sister are playing on me, is it?"
Eileen: "Absolutely not. You don't have to do it, but I think that it would be good for Meg; besides I'd rather think that she does it with you than some stranger who might turn out to be more trouble than it was worth."
Walter: "Can I still think about it?"
Eileen: "Sure, I won't mention it again, tonight. But you will let me know what you decide, right?"
Walter: "Yes, I will. But, can you understand how strange this seems to me?"
Eileen: "Well maybe, but you have a sister; would you do anything for her?"
Walter: "Yes, and I love her, but somehow, I just don't expect to be in this situation with her."
Eileen:" OK, just think about it and we'll let it go for tonight. Walter, I do love you and don't worry, that will not change whatever you decide."
Walter restarted the car and they drove on in relative silence. Eileen and Walter were soon back at her house. Neither was hungry for pizza but Walter had a different hunger that Eileen was becoming aware of. She actually jumped a little when, while they were walking up her sidewalk to the front door, Walter slipped his hand under her skirt and grabbed her ass. "OIY! Walter, Mum or Pappy may be looking. Wait until we get inside." She said this, trying to be serious, but it didn't work. She started to giggle and Walter took another long grab while she was fumbling with the front door key. Soon they were inside, with the door safely closed and Walter said: "Is now OK?"
Eileen turned her back and leaned forward slightly, saying over her shoulder: "Well, if you must."
Walter reached under her skirt and ran his hand all around her delicious little butt. Eileen managed to undo the fastener on her wrap around skirt and whisked it away letting Walter see what he was feeling. He really liked Yoga pants and he really really liked these white ones. He could make out the shadow in the crack of her ass through the thinly stretched white fabric. He liked the view and he liked the feel.
Eileen stood back up straight and turned to face him. They kissed briefly and Walter led her to the couch. Sitting down, they just relaxed and enjoyed the silence for a few moments.
Eileen: "Ready to go up "
Walter: "If you haven't noticed, I've been a little 'up' most of the night."
Eileen: "Well. What's your pleasure?"
Walter looked at the clock on top of the TV and said: "Would you mind if we watched the news for a little bit? After talking to Jim, I would like to catch up with things that might be of concern. Do you mind?"
Eileen wasn't sure what he was talking about, but agreed. She clicked on the TV and inquired as to his favorite channel. Walter said: "Any channel that has news at eleven, it's ten till, so it will be on soon. After which, I intend to 'have my way with you, fair maiden'."
Eileen liked the idea and reached under the couch, pulling out her laptop. I'll just do a little surfing while you watch the news. Would you like anything from the kitchen?"
Walter: "No, thanks, I'm fine, for now."
Some incredibly stupid mythical themed show was just finishing up, followed by a brief listing of the headlines, followed by an almost endless series of commercial messages. Walter was paying attention to the news and Eileen was busy surfing the web. The top news stories were worrisome, in that they showed videos and told of significant issues in Syria and in Iraq. Both countries border on Turkey. Walter was sure that Jim was busy at work and he knew that he would be up to his own ears in this mess come Monday morning.
The news transitioned to a brief summary of tomorrow's weather with promises of details to come. Without any warning, Eileen shouted: "Reverse Cowgirl!"
Walter: "What?"
Eileen: "I found what I want to try tonight, 'Reverse Cowgirl', look." She turned the laptop for Walter to see a description, with pictures, of a couple engaged in sex using the Reverse Cowgirl position.
Walter: "Are you sure that you can get off that way? What makes contact with your . . .'girly bits'?"
Eileen: "Well, we'll just have to read the directions, but I want to try it, can we?"
Walter: "Your wish is my command. The news that I wanted to hear is over, so what do you say we climb those stairs, cowgirl?"
Up they went and watched each other as they stripped off for a shower. It was very difficult for Walter not to push himself into her when she suddenly decided to bend at the waist to wash her calves, ankles and feet. Walter continued to admire the shape of her ass even after she stood upright again. Deciding that they were 'clean enough' they climbed out for a quick and thorough toweling. Walter left her to her usual ritual as he went back into the bedroom and got into the bed. Eileen applied her usual body splash and was soon soft, dry and smelling really good. She joined Walter in the bed and they got close together.
Walter: So, tell me about this 'reverse cowgirl' thing. Did you study it well?"
Eileen: "Well, I read how to do it on three different sites. Now, I'm not an expert or anything, but I have the general idea. "
Walter: "OK, explain it to me."
Eileen: "Well, you just sort of lie there on your back. I will kneel facing you and then put one leg over so that I am kind of sitting and kind of kneeling over you, but I will be facing toward your feet."
Walter: "Then I'm just laying here looking at your ass?"
Eileen: "Well, yeah, basically that's it. I do most of the moving by going up and down, and round and round and any way that feels good. Sound like fun?"
Walter: "It sounds great to me, but I don't see how it's all that good for you. It doesn't seem to me that anything lines up with your. . . um . . . 'most important' girly bit, if you know what I mean."  
Eileen: "You mean my clit?"
Walter: "Yeah, your clit. And speaking of the general area, it looks like you're beginning to regrow that beautiful bush. Didn't you have fun when we shaved it?
Eileen: "Yes, I did enjoy that. But I didn't think that you noticed my 'five- O-clock' shadow."
Walter: "I notice everything. Everything! Did you notice the little group of hairs that we missed when I shaved you?"
Eileen turned the bedside lamp back on and pulled the covers down to her thighs: "Where?"
Walter rolled over and slid down to take a much closer look and said: "Open up a little". She did and he said: "A little more" and she did, and as soon as he could see her lips starting to separate, he leaned in and kissed her pussy. He worked his hands in-between her legs gently parting them as he continued to kiss and then apply his tongue to her moistening slit.
Eileen: "Oh Walter, I wanted to do the cowgirl, but . . . Mmmmm. . . . please continue."
Walter continued to apply himself to giving her 'girly-bits' a good tongue bath. He encouraged her to put her legs up on his shoulders. This gave him much better access and he settled in with the express purpose of bringing her to a satisfying orgasm. Eileen was not objecting and Walter put his hands, in their usual place, right under her sweet butt cheeks. As he continued to apply himself, he focused on her clit and soon had it between his lips. Eileen was thrusting against his face with an increasing pace and soon was climbing that now familiar peak towards an orgasm.
Eileen: "Oh, Walter!" She was in the throes of a strong orgasm. Her entire body was shaking and Walter could feel the throbbing in her vagina. He backed off direct attention to her clit, knowing that it would be a little sensitive for a few moments. Eileen ran her hands through his closely cropped hair and encouraged him to move back up to her by moving her legs back down to the bed. Walter gave her pussy one last noisy kiss and returned to his position alongside her.
Eileen pushed him down onto his back and told him to hold on for a rough riding. She mounted him in the best way that she could understand the description of the reverse cowgirl. He was hard, really hard. But Eileen was extremely wet and very relaxed from the orgasm. She raised herself up and guided his cock into her and lowered herself quickly drawing him all the way into her in one stroke. She gasped at the sudden stretching of her vagina, but it felt soooo good. She sat motionless for only a few seconds before starting a slow up and down motion, using her legs.
Walter pulled a pillow under his head so that he could get a better view at her ass. He could see her little pucker clearly since Eileen had left the night table lamp on. He looked at her remembering that he had, not too long ago, had his cock in that tight little hole. And, with any luck, might be back there for another visit, celebrating the next Equinox. The combination of seeing Eileen's ass move so sensuously and the nagging thought of the possibility that he might also be fucking Meagan soon, took him rapidly to the top. He grasped Eileen by the hips and thrust his hips up, forcing himself even deeper inside her as his balls unloaded and he pumped his seed deep into her.
As things calmed down for him, Eileen gradually slowed then stopped her movements and sat still on his hips for a moment. She reached down between her legs and his, gently cupped his balls. She lifted his balls making contact with the lips of her pussy and managed to grind her clit against the skin of his ball sack. She only did that for two or three little rubs, but she announced: "Hey this cowgirl thing is great, and the saddle has some interesting attachments."
Walter: "Well, the view was certainly good from here."
Eileen lifted herself a little and let Walters cock slide out of her. She felt their combined fluids start to run back out of her knowing that it was going to be his turn to lay in the 'wet spot'. She returned to her side of the bed and they spooned.
Walter: "Thank you for another great weekend. I love you Eileen."
Eileen: "I love you, too Walter."
Walter was starting to feel that very welcome drowsy feeling that followed sex. It was even better, with this beautiful young woman, to curl up behind. He was just beginning to nod off.
Eileen: "So, are you going to fuck my sister?"
He was wide awake again.