From Merriam-Webster On-line Dictionary

Main Entry: 1pur•ple 
Pronunciation: 'p&r-p&l
Function: adjective
Inflected Form(s): pur•pler /-p(&-)l&r/; pur•plest /-p(&-)l&st/
Etymology: Middle English purpel, alteration of purper, from Old English purpuran of purple, genitive of purpure purple color, from Latin purpura, from Greek porphyra
1 : REGAL, IMPERIAL
2 : of the color purple
3 a : highly rhetorical : ORNATE b : marked by profanity

There were purple stains beneath his eyes when I first met him, as though he hadn't slept in comfort and safety in many days. I think that was it actually—the honest look in his eyes with their dark rings of exhaustion—which made me look a little deeper into who he was. Why he was here with his servant, how they had managed to come so far from their northern home with so little resources to hand (at least at first look).

Yes, it was the dark smudges beneath his eyes that stayed my hand against what I was ordered to do to all strangers who came into Ithilien in those days.

My cock was so hard it was wine dark, I was sure of it. And all it had taken was his moving close to me for warmth. Just a little warmth, and what violet fire burst from that!

You are supposed to see red when a fit of jealousy overtakes you, or so I'd heard and read though I had no personal experience of it. But it was purple that I saw when he told me of what he'd done with Sam, and it covered my vision completely, inside and out. Like when you're at table and hear something that startles you so suddenly that, before you know it, your hand jerks and knocks over a pitcher of wine. And then you can't stop it, at least not at first. You can't stop the red wine spilling over and soaking into the white cloth on the table until there is no trace of the linen's original color.

But it was cold, you see. The red of jealousy is hot, or so I had heard, but I went cold, and all I saw was crusted with purple ice.

Then he melted it all while we lay together, sick with pleasure, as though we'd taken a basket of ripe figs and gorged and gorged and gorged until the fruit burst sticky sweet over every inch of our bodies.

The purple stains beneath his eyes were almost gone when I saw him after he completed his task. Oh, he was too pale and thin, and there was his hand, his poor injured hand. But the tired rings around his eyes were faded.

I brought the purple back to him. I took him back to Henneth Annun, and I brought the purple back to him, though this time it was warm and living and welcome.

He bent smiling over me as I lay pinned to the furs, and I saw the purple marks on his throat.

"What is this?" Frodo asked, laughing and running his hands over the purple velvet cover on the bed.

"Oh," I answered, trying to sound as offhand as I could. "The old cover was, well, not fit to be lain on."

"Hm," he said as he climbed onto the bed. "Well, it is terribly soft, but it does seem awfully grand for a hobbit to sleep on. I don't think I should feel quite right."

I was going to respond with a "Please humor me ..." when he turned round and grinned at me. But it was the sparkle in his eyes that told me he'd seen through my little story of old bed covers.

"Shall I have it taken away, then?" I said in my best husky voice though with little fear that he would agree. Not when I saw how he rubbed his cheek against the velvet. He liked it too.

"What are you looking at?" Elijah jumped a little when I asked him that. Then, when I saw what he was reading—something extremely pornographic on the Internet about hobbits and big manly men—he did have the grace the blush. "So you'll read porn when you can't be bothered to read the source text? No wonder you're blushing."

What he said to that is quite unrepeatable, so for a minute I just leaned over his shoulder and read along with him. Just to let him cool down a bit though perhaps "cool" wasn't quite the right way to say it.

After a minute, I said, "Rather purple, isn't it?"

"Yeah, just like your cock."