The day before Christmas, Snape apparated inside the small cottage. It seemed empty. He called for Percy, but nobody answered. Shrugging, he set his trunk in the bedroom and unshrunk it. He spelt the wrinkles off his clothes and proceeded to hang them in the wardrobe.

He had almost finished when he heard a pop in the sitting room. He enchanted the socks to sort themselves off in the drawer and went to the sitting room. At last, Percy had arrived. Snape frowned; there were dark circles under his eyes and he looked exhausted.

Snape took Percy in his arms and kissed him lightly, almost platonically.

“Hello.”

“Good evening, Percy. You don’t look well.”

Percy’s smile looked a little forced.

“Never one to sugar-coat your words, are you, Severus?” He tucked his head under Snape’s chin. “I feel a little sick to my stomach, to tell you the truth.”

Snape kissed Percy’s temple. “Do you want a potion? I’m sure I’ve something suitable.”

“I don’t doubt it, but it’s not physical.”

Percy remained silent for a few seconds. Snape didn’t say anything, knowing that Percy would explain in his own time.

“Macnair dropped by my office today. Asked a few inane questions. Probed my feelings about Muggleborns and Purebloods, and my strife with my family and everything.”

Snape tightened his hold.

“Do you think he might ask you soon?”

“I don’t know. I’m afraid, Severus. I know that’s what we’ve been working for, but...”

“But it’s dangerous and you could get killed. I know that. Believe me, I don’t actually want to lose you.”

Snape hugged his lover tightly for a few seconds then, releasing him, he started towards the kitchen.

“Come, Percy. Isn’t it your mother who says that everything looks brighter with a little food inside of you?”

Percy chuckled. “And since when do you listen to what Mum says, anyway?”

They were finishing dessert — chocolate mousse; Snape had taken advantage of the Hogwarts house-elves and nicked dinner from their kitchens — when an owl came tapping at the sitting-room window. Snape rose up to let it enter. It was carrying a misshapen parcel, wrapped in brightly coloured paper. Snape had seen enough Weasleys on Christmas morning to guess what that was.

“Percy? A package, from your mother.”

Percy came out of the kitchen, an owl treat in his hand, which he fed to Errol.

“What is it?”

He was brought short by the sight of the shapeless parcel. He paled.

“A Weasley jumper, unless I’m mistaken.”

Percy made no move to take it and rather sat down heavily on the sofa.

“No, it’s not. It’s a peace gesture from my mother. A way to say that whatever nonsense I’m sprouting, I’m still her son.”

He leaned forward, resting his head on his hands. Snape put the parcel down on the table beside him and looked at his young lover sympathetically.

“Sending it back would mean that I’m severing ties with my family. That I don’t want to be associated with those foolish Muggle-lovers, the Weasleys.”

Percy laughed, a harsh, ugly laugh that tugged at heartstrings Snape had long denied he possessed. He wanted to comfort his lover, but he knew that Percy had to make his own decisions, so he waited.

“I cannot accept it. I must send it back.”

He looked up and Snape nodded.

“Do you want me to do it?”

Percy shook his head. “No. It’s something I must do myself.”

Taking the package from the table, he tied it again to Errol’s leg, and sent the owl back to the Burrow. He stood at the window, arms draped around himself, and Snape hugged him from behind, offering silent comfort. They remained in that position for long minutes.

Percy broke the silence. “Severus, may we play tonight?”

Snape drew back. Percy turned, his face raised towards Snape expectantly. Snape trailed a finger down Percy’s jaw.

“Yes. We may.”

Percy smiled in genuine happiness and almost ran towards the bedroom. A few seconds later, he was back. He fell to his knees in front of Snape and handed him the object he had just fetched.

Snape took it. It was a collar, made of black leather. There was a metal buckle to close it, and metal D-rings were attached to it. He clasped it around Percy’s neck. It was a snug fit, with just enough room to slip a pinky between neck and collar. Percy sighed in satisfaction.

“Strip me, my Percy, and make me come.”

Without raising his eyes, Percy asked, “May I stand, Master?”

“You may do anything you need to accomplish your goal.”

“Thank you, Master,” Percy said softly.

He stood up and placed a small kiss on Snape’s lips. Quickly, he unlaced the robe’s collar and took it off. He made short work of the shirt, leaving Snape in only his boots and a pair of warm, long boxers. Percy tugged Snape to the sofa and made him sit. Kneeling, he took Snape’s left foot on his lap and unhooked his boot. He pulled it off and set it aside. He peeled the sock off and gave a short massage to the foot. Letting go of it, Percy did the same thing to the other foot.

“Would you stand, please, Master? I need to take off the rest of your underclothes.”

Wordlessly, Snape stood up. Still kneeling, Percy unlaced the string keeping the boxers on and swept them down. Snape used Percy’s shoulder for leverage as he raised first one foot, then the other. He then let himself be gently seated back on the sofa.

Percy bent down and dropped a kiss on Snape’s foot. He licked the big toe slowly and drew it inside his mouth, sucking it like he would a cock. Snape’s fist clenched involuntarily and he exhaled a long breath. It was one of his favourite caresses, as Percy knew well. But this wasn’t about him. It was about Percy, and Percy’s needs. His should be taken care of as quickly as possible.

“None of that. I want to come now. No dawdling.”

Percy lowered his head in apology. He settled between Snape’s slightly parted legs and immediately took Snape’s cock into his mouth. Snape’s breath quickened. He hadn’t seen his lover since the summer holidays, and his own hand just couldn’t compare.

Percy took him far into his mouth, then drew his head back, lightly scraping his teeth over the sensitive skin. Another move that Snape particularly loved.

Snape put a hand on Percy’s head, keeping him in place. He came down his throat with a long shudder.

“Swallow.”

Percy obeyed. Snape released the pressure on his head and Percy drew back. He licked the few drops that had escaped down his lips and sat down on his heels. He raised expectant eyes at Snape who smiled affectionately.

“Well done. Now strip. And make it slow.”

Percy stood up again. Wizarding clothes were a lot less sexy than Muggle ones, but he did his best, displaying tantalising glimpses of flesh before coyly hiding them again, until Snape barked at him, though with no real displeasure. After all, Percy had obeyed his orders and it was no fault of his own that Snape grew impatient.

At last, Percy was naked, except for the black collar, a stark contrast to his pale freckled skin. Snape stood up and beckoned Percy to the bedroom. There, he directed Percy to the bed until he was stretched on his back.

From the bedside drawer, Snape took a black strip of thick but soft cloth. He carefully tied it at the back of Percy’s head, tight enough that it wouldn’t slip, even with the usual copious head-tossing.

Snape lay next to Percy and whispered in his ear, “Do you think you can manage not to move on your own?”

Percy turned his head towards Snape. He swallowed.

“I’m not sure. It depends on what you are going to do to me, Master.”

Snape smiled. “That, my Percy, is for me to know and for you to look forward to.”

“Oh dear.”

Snape chuckled and ghosted his fingers along Percy’s jaw. “Quite.”

“I want to try and do it myself, Master. No restraints.”

Snape’s fingers stroke Percy’s lips.

“You know that if you fail, you will be punished.”

Percy sucked one finger into his mouth. Snape pushed it in and out a few times, then took it out and let it wander towards Percy’s ear.

“Well?”

“I know that, Master. But I also know that if I succeed, you will reward me handsomely.”

Snape laughed at that. “Cheeky boy! Well, enough of that.” He rolled out of the bed. “Stretch your arms above your head and spread your legs.” He looked at the picture before him and nearly licked his lips in anticipation. “Yes, just like that. Now don’t move. You may, however, scream to your heart’s content.”

“Thank you, Master.”

Without warning, Snape plunged his tongue in the hollow of Percy’s armpit. Percy stiffened at the sudden onslaught then slowly relaxed again. Snape licked all over the underarm, from the middle of the torso, until that sensitive place in the inside of the upper arm. Percy made continuous little noises to show his appreciation.

When he raised his head, Snape saw that Percy had tangled his hands together. He let it pass; Percy would need all the help he could get before this was over.

Snape went on licking along Percy’s side, Passing over the hip and the bone that protruded there; lapping at the soft skin on the side of the knee; worrying the ankle bone with his teeth. He gave a quick kiss to the foot; Percy loved to play with Snape’s feet, but he preferred his own to be left alone.

Snape set his tongue on the ankle bone on the inside of Percy’s foot and remained still for a few seconds. Then, suddenly, he swiped his tongue from the ankle to the top of the thigh, until his nose was barely an inch away from Percy’s balls. Percy cried out loudly, and Snape glanced at his face to see how he fared. His breath was shallow and rapid, and Snape licked teasingly close to the balls.

Snape settled more comfortably between Percy’s legs and bent over his chest, bracing his hands on each side of Percy’s body. He took a nipple in his mouth, again drawing a cry.

He licked it until it was hard and taut, then he bit it until Percy let out another cry. Snape had learnt to recognise the different sounds Percy made, and that one was protest, rather than encouragement. He soothed the bite with a light swipe of the tongue, then changed sides and applied the same treatment to the other nipple.

The noises had more or less stopped, except for a low growl now and then, which was unusual for Percy. Snape saw that he was biting his lips and leaned forward to kiss him. Percy latched onto his lips like a starving man onto food.

At last, Snape drew away. He kissed Percy’s chin and said, “You haven’t moved, so it is time for your reward. What do you want? Tell me.”

“Please, Master, please let me come.” Percy’s voice was strangled, his breath heavy and panting.

“Ah, but how do you want to come? In my hand? in my mouth? in my arse, perhaps?”

“Take me into your mouth, please, Master.”

Snape left a last kiss on Percy’s lips.

“Everything for my Percy.”

He straightened and sat back on his haunches. Percy’s cock was red with blood, his balls taut and drawn against his body. Snape licked the patch of skin where the balls joined the shaft. Percy screamed again, and his hips flew off the bed. Snape retreated immediately.

“Did I tell you you could move?”

“No, Master, I’m sorry. Please!”

“Do it again, and you won’t come for a week. Is that clear?”

“Y-yes, Master, very clear.”

Snape bent again and licked the vein along the underside of Percy’s cock. Percy keened but he didn’t move, so Snape went on, licking all over and finally drawing the head into his mouth. His hands were massaging Percy’s balls, kneading them and making them roll in their sac.

Snape released Percy’s cockhead from his mouth, and whispered, “Come for me, my Percy.”

With a long cry of release, Percy came, first on his stomach, then in Snape’s mouth. Snape savoured the taste of his lover’s come — Snape had done a practical demonstration a few months ago, with asparagi first, then with mangoes, and Percy had immediately grasped the advantages of eating a lot of fruits before meeting with Snape.

Percy’s body tremors went on for a long time, and Snape had to help him to unlock his hands, as his muscles had stiffened. He took the blindfold off and unbuckled the collar. He put both back into the drawer.

Percy curled up in his arms. “Thank you, Severus.”

Snape tightened his hold. “It was entirely my pleasure, Percy.”

Percy stifled a laugh in Snape’s shoulder. He fell asleep, a peaceful smile on his lips.

Sleep was long to come for Snape; he knew how useful another spy would be, but he couldn’t help wondering whether he was not sending Percy to his death.