------------DISCLAIMER STATEMENT--------------
August 2002
This is a sexually graphic story with adult 
content. You must be 21 years of age to read. 
The characters in this sexual fantasy story are 
imaginary, and are not a representation, in any 
manner, of any real world person or situation.
IN REAL LIFE PRACTICE SAFE SEX, NOT THE FANTASY 
THINGS DIPICTED IN THIS STORY.



TITLE: The Group - PART 4 (Chapters 7 - 10)
BY: Es2c

STORY CONTENT: (TV/TG, MM, Mdom, D/s, Wry Logic)

STORY SUMMARY: This fantasy story depicts experiences of 
Albert, a recent college graduate, who discovered months 
earlier, he had latent attractions to men who are well 
endowed.  He also discovered, with some help, that he finds 
an overwhelming joy from submissively submitting to men 
sexually.  It is a long time neighbor, Mr. Wilson, who has 
acted as a father figure in years past, who caused the 
graduate to discover those latent feelings.  Because of 
Albert's amicable and unassuming nature, Mr. Wilson 
continually mentors the graduate in the ways of sexual 
submission, and nurtures the graduate into having positive 
wholesome feelings about being sissified, submissive, 
subjugated, and dominated by men.  Albert, perceiving that 
it's natural for him to accept the path Mr. Wilson has 
guided him down, willingly slips deeper and deeper into a 
relationship, where Mr. Wilson becomes his dominant 
mentor/master.  In conjunction with other neighborhood men, 
they and Mr. Wilson eventually become known as The Group to 
Albert. Additionally, once Albert's mother discovers her 
less than masculine, soft, weakling of a mollycoddled son's 
situation, she comes to the realization that being a 
dominated sissy is best for him. 

AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story attempts to incorporate the 
erotic tonality from such classics as "The Story Of O" (By 
Pauline Reage) and "Philosophy In The Bedroom" (By DeSade), 
as well as from other writings of Leopole Von Sacher-Masoch 
(Masochism) and DeSade (Sadism). The objective is to fuse 
them into a fantasy story dealing with adult sissification, 
or male feminization, and Male Domination, without any 
extreme violence.  My goal is to glue it all together with 
a rich mixture of explicit and earthy erotic language, 
befitting the TV/TG story genre. 

CAST:
Albert/Alberta's Mother
Albert/Alberta - Son (Graduate)
The Group (Neighborhood Men):
Mr. Wilson
Mr. Mitchell
Mr. Lemson
Mr. Jones
Mr. Hudson



(((((((CHP 7: MORE WHORING EXPERIENCES ))))

	"Well Alberta, you told me about your first set of 
tricks. Tell me more about some of your other more 
memorable whoring experiences."
	"Okay.  Hmmm, let me see.  If I had to pick one of the 
more interesting ones, it would have to be one of my 
regulars.  His name is Jake. He's black and he loves to 
fuck my mouth as if it's a hot wet juicy gutter whore's 
cunt.  Those are his words by the way. At first, I was not 
routinely use to such rough mouth fucking, even though the 
Group had trained me to handle such situations.  However, 
after the first time, I got use to Jake's rhythm and he and 
I worked out okay. Even though at first, I was a little 
uncomfortable with his hard meat banging up against the 
back of my throat, I clamped my lips and tried to make his 
face fuck of me good for him.  You see, I didn't want to 
displease him, or disappoint Mr. Wilson's expectations of 
me, even though the man was basically raping my mouth."
	"It's the submissive sissy in you darling.  It always 
wants to please."
	"I guess you're right mother.  I say that because when 
Jake got off and ejaculated in my mouth, I think it was as 
good for me as it was for him. Well, Jake paid to take me 
to meet some of his buddies.  I was excited about going 
with him. I knew full well, that more than likely he was 
going to subject me to the same treatment as he did 
before."
"Well, did he?"
"Yes ma'am and more.  His six buddies were as horny as 
they come. They pulled a suck and fuck train on me. My 
mouth and pussy-ass was continuously stuffed. Their iron 
hard rods all came at least twice and shot some very heavy, 
as well as tasty too, I might add, wads of hot sticky semen 
in me. The other thing that delighted me was the sweet 
sounds of hearing voices I'd never heard before calling me 
a sissy and whore.  These words were music to my ears. I 
really adore being called a "sissy faggot cocksucking 
whore. However, it was obvious they didn't think of me as 
more than a fuckable white trash faggot. I was told that 
repeatedly.  I really enjoyed being treated as a piece of 
"Faggot fuck meat"- their words.  Even though I was tired 
out by the horny crew, I persevered so as not to displease 
them.  Also, I didn't want my actions to reflect badly upon 
the Group, since my tricks had expectations from him of 
being able to treat me as a "gutter fag fuck"."
"Dear Alberta, you certainly are something. Was this 
your first train pull as a whore?" 
"Yes it was mother. I was tired, but very happy having 
endured it.  I was also a mess too.  In fact, I was so 
slimy.  The crew of men and they didn't give me time to 
clean up much before Jake and the three of them threw me in 
the trunk of their car for the ride back to town.  Once we 
were at the Group's apartment, they opened the trunk and 
literally pulled me out and pushed me to the ground.  I 
could hear the men laughing uproariously at my plight. As 
my eyes got use to the dim light, Mr. Wilson was standing 
above me when I turned my face skyward out of the damp 
muddy spot I landed in.  It was then that I saw the man 
handing Mr. Wilson some tip money for the group's gang bang 
of me and compliments.  I overheard Jake saying I was a 
great piece of "faggot ass" and gave "good head".  Despite 
their treatment of me, I knew I couldn't be angry at them 
for their conduct after they made such wonderful praises to 
Mr. Wilson for my having pleased their big hard dicks and 
consuming abundant amounts of hot jism."
"Wilson told me you've done exceedingly well as their 
whore."
"I try to give my best for the customers.  I felt 
exceptionally good and proud that Jake had given Mr. Wilson 
an excellent assessment of my actions.  It was such a good 
feeling to know that I had not disappointed Mr. Wilson or 
the Group and that I also had provided the pleasure sought 
by the customers from their use of me.  
"One fond incident I'll remember was the almost 
continuous mouth fucking by this party of customers. They 
came in my mouth eight times without me having an 
opportunity to wash down or rinse the residual jism slime 
out between their hot viscid gluey ejaculations.  My mouth 
became very slimy and sort of gummy, as the outside of my 
lips was a perpetual ring of melded white dick goo from the 
drool and froth seeping from around the literally 
continuous face fucking actions of my customers' big, long 
hard dicks.  As I recall, collectively, they had some of 
the prettiest bloated and swollen dick heads I've seen.
"After the last of Jake's buddies finished spurting 
his thick jism in my mouth, the gummy slime coating my 
tongue and lining the interior of my mouth was nothing like 
anything I'd experienced before.  My jaws were tired from 
being opened so wide for the men's mammoth black dicks.  
When I tried to open my mouth to speak, it was a conscious 
effort, and I had a lisp as I tried to speak, from the 
gummy cum glue coating.  My speech returned to normal after 
I washed up."
"I'm sure the taste of all that melded jism was 
awful."
"Quite the contrary mother.  Remember, I'm a sissy fag 
whore.  I loved the stuff. It was like having my mouth 
coated with strawberry jam. It was very good, and even 
better as I was able to rinse and swallow it down."
"Hee! Hee! Forgive me you little cum loving sissy fag 
whore.  I should've known being mouth slimed would've 
agreed with you quite well."
"You're forgiven mother, and yes, it does agree with 
me rather well.  Needless to say, I went to bed that night 
very pleased at myself and my accomplishments."

((((((((((((CHP 8: WHORE'S JEWELRY )))))))))))

"Also mother, the men pretty much require me to wear a 
dress or skirt and blouse, whenever I'm whoring."  
"Well Alberta, the nylons really do so much for your 
legs.  Your legs are shapely for a guy anyway, so nylons 
really accentuate and enhances their beauty and I'm sure 
arouse your customers."
"Thank you mother, and I certainly hope they get men 
hard for me.  I love the idea of men getting a hard-on 
because of me."
"You sure looked sexy enough to do so, all dressed up 
in whorish drag."
"Why thank you. As I started turning more and more 
tricks, the men feminized me even more for their increased 
pleasure and the men I was rented out to.  This is really 
when I started wearing more make up and jewelry."
"He said you really seemed to like wearing pearl 
jewelry."
"Yes I did mother.  He called it the adornments of 
choice for sissies.  I have to admit, wearing a necklace  
that consisted of a single string of pearls, and a matching 
bracelet, are such a lovely but bold statement of 
femininity.  Mr. Wilson said when men saw me wearing such 
jewelry, there would be no doubt of my intent.  They would 
know I was there in that room to get some dick.  And you 
know what mother?"
"What dear?"
"That's just the way I felt too.  Seeing the glitter 
of gold set against the whiteness of the pearls, portrayed  
such an obvious symbol of femininity and lack of 
masculinity.  The sight of such gems on me made me feel 
naughty and wickedly wanton for men to subject me to their 
hard male sex tools."
"Wilson told me it was obvious the pearl necklace, 
bracelet, and rings really turned you on to being a good 
sissy scum bag of a whore."
"Hee!  Hee! He really has a way with words.  But I 
have to admit,  I never felt more proud of myself than when 
I went on another gang bang at a private men's club. I 
intentionally swished, pranced and strutted into a room of 
obviously horny men.  I was adorned in whorish makeup, 
pearls, low heel pumps and wearing a sheer black mini 
dress.  I felt so splendid and excited at it being so 
apparent that I'd come there to be used and enjoyed by the 
men and their poles of rigid meat."
"It sounds like the whore in you did come alive all 
right."
"It did mother. My self esteem really seemed to rise 
as the men, who I knew were going to be poking my mouth and 
ass with their dicks, started making cat calls at me and 
saying all sorts of disparaging and degrading things about 
me as a scuzzy sissy whore.  As we've discussed earlier, 
Mr. Wilson said such negative praise would thrill me.  
Well, once again, he was right. It did.  It added to and 
fueled my sexual excitement even more.  The more the men 
put me down and said nasty things about me being a trashy 
faggy scum dump tramp, the more I wanted to live up to 
their expectations.  As Mr. Wilson helped me discover, my 
self-esteem rises as others dump on me and use me as the 
target of their ridicule and derision. I'm so thankful for 
him opening my eyes to that.  He used this as another 
example of my usefulness to others and how I'm able to 
please others in ways I've never imagined. Isn't he 
brilliant at discovering such things?"
	"Yes he is, my darling son Alberta.  However, just as 
in my analogy of the maggots in the barnyard manure, you 
too should delight and be contented as you wallow in the  
abasement others heap on you."
	"Yes ma'am, I'll remember your advice.  But speaking 
of wallowing, when a group of men get through using me, no 
matter how careful I am at trying to prevent it, some of  
their abundant spends of semen seems to end up being 
smeared, splattered or sprayed on me, as well as dripping 
from me.  However, laying there wallowing in the men's 
spent slimy semen makes me feel so accomplished a-and 
complete... and, uh, well sort of whole." 
	"Sweetie, that's because wearing their slimy 
discharges is proof positive that you've proven yourself as 
being woman enough to extract cum from a man.  After all, 
that is the basic biological function of a woman, and when 
you do that, it's an achievement that is of great conscious 
and subconscious pride to you."
	"Oh mother, again you have made a profound statement 
that I'll always remember.  Thank you so very much in 
helping me to better understand myself."


(((((  CHP 9: DISCIPLINE FOR A SISSY))))))))))))

	"Dear, another thing I'm so glad I've come to realize 
is that Mr. Wilson and the other men were really giving you 
what you needed, by disciplining you and weren't actually 
abusing or assaulting you as I originally perceived."
	"I am too.  Even though the spankings and whippings 
cause me pain, I came to realize that every lash, slap, and 
hit was for my own good.  Mr. Wilson proved to me several 
times that that I needed to be whipped to better understand 
myself.  He would cuddle me after my spanking or whipping 
and let me suck his dick, or those of the other men. This 
was done to show me that they'd forgiven me for objecting 
to them whipping me in the first place.  Even though my ass 
would be burning from the pain they'd inflicted on me, I 
did feel emotionally better and contented after my corporal 
punishment was over.  Especially when I was treated to a 
hard dick to suck.  The man would cuddle my head to his 
crotch and caress the back of my neck and head as I sucked 
their stiff manly rods and swallowed their spurting creamy 
hot jism.  This tender treatment was great consolation to 
me.  I always ended up apologizing to them for my actions 
as well as feeling better after being whipped by them."
	"So, are you saying that even though the whippings and 
spankings were painful, you were content with the treat of 
a hard dick to suck and a load of hot semen to eat 
afterwards?"
	"Yes, you're very correct. But the truth is, that once 
the punishment was over, I did experience a strange sense 
of having endured as well as accomplished something 
physically demanding and significant.  You know like a feat 
of strength and stamina.  Mr. Wilson told me that enduring 
such pain caused by another, especially someone who cares 
for me, like him and the other men in the group, would make 
me feel satisfied for showing them I could prevail over the 
ordeal they were putting me through. The conversation 
between us went like this:

"Now Alberta, we group of men all think a great deal of you 
as a sissy, especially me.  I'm very proud I've trained you 
with my dick to become an excellent cocksucker.  That's a 
great achievement for you.  However, you and I both know 
you'll never be a real man. Especially, since as you know, 
real men don't respond to the feminine version of their 
names or sucking cocks or are such a soft pantywaist and a 
mama's boy as you are. Remember us talking about that?"

"Y-Yes sir, Mr. Wilson, I-I do."

"But Alberta just because you are a soft willing sissy with 
two warm holes for men to stick their hard dicks into, 
doesn't mean you can't have greater personal inner 
strength, self esteem and gain respect from the men who'll 
be fucking you and pleasing you, and themselves, by dumping 
their abundant loads of hot sperm in you.  You do want 
respect, don't you Albert?" 

"Y-Yes sir, Mr. Wilson, I do, very much."

"I thought so.  I certainly wouldn't want anything to do 
with you if you didn't want to be a respected sissy.  You 
know I think of myself as a father to you, don't you?"

"Yes sir."

"And you wouldn't want to disappoint or fail me by not 
trying to do your very best at what I want you to do.  
Right?"

"Oh no, n-no sir, Mr. Wilson.  I-I don't want to disappoint 
or-or fail you."

"Good!  I feel better about you already.  Now Alberta, back 
to what got us on this discussion in the first place.  
Being able to endure an ordeal of some difficulty builds 
character and strength.  Us whipping your ass is such a 
trial of strength for you. And because I have trust and 
faith in you that you will endure the ordeal for me, you 
should only concentrate on enduring the ordeal, right?"

"Y-Yes sir, I-I guess so, Mr. Wilson."

"Lets not be wishy-washy, say yes or no, and say it like 
you mean it, or otherwise, tell me you want to be a 
failure."

"Oh no, I-I don't want to be a failure.  Y-Yes, I'll 
concentrate on enduring all the ordeals you all have for me 
to experience."

"Say you want to endure the ordeal and that it's good for 
both of us.  Say it like you mean it Alberta!"

"Y-Yes sir. I want to endure the ordeal and it's good for 
both of us."

"Say it louder and with more conviction."


"I did as Mr. Wilson wanted.  He had me saying it over 
and over again.  He then had me repeat another phrase: `I 
want to be whipped.  It's good for me.' It was so odd, but 
I really begin to feel more psyched up and was ready to 
endure being lashed just to show Mr. Wilson I could endure 
being whipped."
"He told me he could see the wonderful air of 
confidence come over you, as you mentally prepared yourself 
to get whipped." Albert's mother spoke with a gleeful tone 
in her voice.
"Yes mother, I did feel an increased level of 
confidence come over me as I psychologically pumped myself 
up to do as Mr. Wilson desired.  I later came to understand 
what Mr. Wilson was doing.  He not only was helping me find 
myself, but also helping me to see the joy and peace of 
mind that comes through submission and subjugation at the 
hands of real men."
"Did it help you mentally deal with the pain of the 
whipping dear?"
"It really did, but again the greatest joy comes after 
the punishment.  The joy of knowing that you've endured the 
suffering of the punishment.  That is so important."
"I see.  Do you get whipped often?"
"During the first 6 months with the Group, when I was 
adjusting to what was required of me, it was not unusual 
for me to be spanked or whipped every 2 or 3 weeks.  I also 
got slapped several times a week also.  This also didn't 
count the times that Mr. Jones would severely spank me as 
part of his fantasy."
"I see.  Now what is this Wilson told me about you 
needing recurring attitude adjustment treatments?"
"The men in the Group felt that it wasn't good for me 
to go for long periods of time without being reminded what 
a whipping felt like.  So they instituted a rule.  The rule 
stated that even if I had a perfect behavior record, I 
should get a light whipping of at least 5 lashes from each 
of them every 8 weeks on a set date. I didn't get this 
adjustment whipping if I had gotten a whipping or spanking 
within 10 days of my 8 week recurring attitude adjustment 
whipping date."
"Being whipped just for the sake of being whipped to 
remind you of what the lash felt like, doesn't that upset 
you sweetie?"
"At the very outset I was, but I adjusted to it quite 
easily over time. Mother, I know it sounds as if I'm being 
abused for their arbitrary pleasure.  However, after I 
understood that it was for my own good and realized the 
positive benefits I've received from it, I willingly give 
myself to the men to be whipped whenever they tell me I 
need one.  You see mother, the agony and pain of a whipping 
helps remind me how fortunate I am to be under the control 
of such good men.  I also see their whipping of me as a 
sign of their care and guardianship of me.  If they didn't 
care about me, they wouldn't take the time to ensure I 
remained disciplined and focused on what they see as 
important for me.  This part of our relationship is a 
parallel to the same feeling of worth and esteem I get when 
the men stick their stiff dicks in me and I become a 
surrogate woman and depository for their hot ejaculations.  
It's a feeling of knowing you're important and significant 
in a relationship. It's a good feeling mother, a very good 
feeling for me."
"I see. By the way, what do they generally whip you 
with Alberta?"
"If a spanking, a thick paddle, a bit wider and 
thinker than a ping pong paddle. If a whipping, a short 
whip was used that left stinging red welts.  Mr. Wilson, 
told me they selected it to train me and at the same time 
leave no permanent scars on my rear."
"I was upset at Mr. Wilson for at first whipping you 
in shape, but after seeing what success he's had with you 
sweetie, I've forgiven him for all the pain he's inflicted 
on you in the past and will do in the future. For now I see 
the wonderful merits of whipping to you.  Do you have any 
fear now of baring your bottom when the men tell you to get 
ready for a whipping?"
"Oh no, it's second nature now for me to get naked and 
bend over for my whippings.  I know my place is to be 
submissive to these real men and not question them when I'm 
expected to be obedient to their needs, whether it's for me 
to please their dicks or for their pleasure in simply 
whipping me. Their joy leads to my joy."
"Don't you feel oppressed at times by having to be so 
obedient to them?"
"Oh no mother, not in the least.  In fact, never have 
I felt more freedom to be myself than when the Group 
imposes themselves on me fully.  Remember when they had 
decided to make me a whore?  I interpreted that as 
oppression.  But I was wrong, dead wrong.  Their decision 
actually gave me the opportunity to be even freer to be my 
true self, not restrict or oppress me such that I couldn't 
be myself. It is totally incorrect to say that they oppress 
me. The more appropriate word would be "liberated" me. 
Through their guidance and training I really have been 
given the freedom to be obedient as I can be to serve their 
needs.  You see mother, my blind obedience to them is my 
freedom, and my pursuit of happiness is to be of service as 
a subservient sissy."
"Alberta, your words are so insightful.  Well, you 
might've been a cute little mama's boy before
Mr. Wilson and the Group started your training, but now you 
are a well-trained sissy slut and whore of a woman.  You're 
going to make many men happy."
"Oh, I really hope so mother."
"With your excellent aptitude and attitude about 
pleasing others and your increased self motivation to be 
inferior and submissive, but yet seductive when it comes to 
real men with hard dicks, I can only say that I'm certain 
that you'll make a good sissy wife to some lucky `real man' 
one day."  Alberta's mother said with a gleeful sigh of 
satisfaction.
"You really think so mother?"
"Dear, Mr. Wilson has shaped you into being a very 
good sissy with the right outlook on life.  Take my word, 
you're going to make some man a nice sissy wife one day."
	"That would be so romantic for me to find Mr. Right.  
A strong, but yet gentle man who would take care of all my 
needs as well as scold or punish me if I inadvertently get 
out of line or forget my place as his little woman."
	"Yes dear, that's the kind of man you need. And just 
like Mr. Wilson and the neighborhood men did, he may want 
you to show him your appreciation and gratitude for him 
letting you, a sissy slut, be his woman.  Would you be 
offended if he wanted you to hustle yourself out to men to 
make money for him too?"
"If I had a loving caring husband, I can't think of a 
better way to demonstrate to him that I love, adore and 
appreciate him than to be his whore and willingly let 
strange men dick me for my husband's total profit.  I would 
ask for nothing in return except his love, and of course, 
his dick in me from time to time.  I think that whoring for 
my husband would show true devotion and love for him.  It's 
also the least a sissy slut like myself can do for a caring 
man who'd take me for a wife."
"So nicely put my dear son Alberta.  Since you like 
dicks so much as well as the hot creamy man seed that comes 
out of them, I'm sure your happiness compliments that of 
the men who find pleasure in pushing their dicks in you." 
"Oh yes mother, I see it is as definitely mutually 
beneficial for me to be on the receiving end of men's 
dicks.  That's why Mr. Wilson basically alerted me that I 
would need a caring man that recognized that I was a slut 
by nature, and of nature, and needed a steady stream of 
dicks to ensure my happiness.  However, he also said that  
I should expect my husband to be my overseer and exercise a 
firm hand to ensure that I don't let my pantywaist wishy-
washy ways cause me to forget my place in the relationship.  
He told me that I must accept that my husband is the real 
man and knows best, just as Mr. Wilson knew what was best 
for me."
	"I would be happy for you sweetie if you could find 
such a loving, caring man to be your husband."
	"Hopefully, I will one day mother,, hopefully I will."	

((CHP 10: A HISTORY LESSON AND MORE OF MR. WILSON'S 
PHILOSOPHY ))))

	"Mother, I can't help but be impressed by
Mr. Wilson's knowledge of history."
	"Why do you say so dear?"
	"He told me that it was during antiquity, actually 
during the time when Rome was conquering a good part of 
Europe, when the word Fag came about. Supposedly, the word 
was derived from the actions of young adult males who would 
cook for, as well as suck off Roman soldiers.  These 
sucking males were called the Food and Game workers who 
prepared, or "got" the meals for the soldiers. By the way, 
game is another word for meat back then. Therefore, from 
the phrase "Food And Game" and the word "Got", the word 
Faggot supposedly came about."
	"Interesting, I never heard that before."
	"It is interesting, isn't it?  And since these same 
class of male workers also sucked the soldiers' cocks off 
when they needed it, they also came to be known for 
functioning as women as well as doing women's work.  That 
is cooking the food and the game meat for meals. In time, 
sissy came to imply a male who exhibits feminine attributes  
or functions as a woman."
	"I must admit Alberta, Mr. Wilson is a wealth of 
knowledge when it comes to sissies and faggots."
	"He sure is and I'm so grateful for that too. He said 
that it was well known at the time that these Fags of old 
were not of the fighting class, but who were well known to 
have had  feminine pursuits.  It was known that many of 
these Fag males followed the soldiers as they went from 
battle to battle offering themselves to the soldiers for 
sexual pleasure."
	"Very, very, interesting Alberta."
	"It sure is mother. He said these males sucked the 
dicks of the warriors to help them better rest after a day 
of fighting or just for much needed stress relief and 
relaxation. He said the fags were a key element of armies 
back then.  Mr. Wilson said we Fags have a very honorable 
past in antiquity."
	"Why sweetie, I'd never thought of you as being 
associated with the military in any way, historically or 
otherwise."
	"He jokingly said that if there was a name for these 
sissy sucking males, they probably would've called 
themselves the Royal Order of Fags."
  	"That to, is interesting." 
"Mr. Wilson also added, that if there was coat of arms 
or a crest for the Order, it probably would've been an 
image depicting a muscular roman centurion standing with a 
sword in one hand and a shield in the other. As he stood, 
there would be a sissy fag kneeling with the Centurion's 
dick in his mouth happily sucking away. He even said the 
design could be used as a tattoo also."
	"That would be an interesting coat of arms or a tattoo 
also for that matter. Alberta sweetie, Would you wear such 
a tattoo for the Group?"
	"Oh yes Mother, if the Group wanted me to."
	"I thought you'd say that dear."
	"You know mother, thinking back to these fags of old, 
I can just imagine the delight on one of their faces as a 
tall muscular Roman soldier selected one of them to be his 
consort for the night.  I could imagine the pride on the 
Fag's face knowing that he was going to be the receptacle 
for the soldier's throbbing dick and a vessel for the 
soldier's spurting hot cum."
	"You paint such a colorful picture. You've always had 
a vivid imagination Alberta."
	"One thing I never imagined was how contented and free 
I feel now, after Mr. Wilson has helped me see the truth 
about myself."
	"It definitely shows in your attitude and in the 
radiance on your face."	
"It's a good feeling too mother. One of the best 
things that I could've discovered about myself is that I'm 
an inferior human being, compared to either men or women. 
However, I must say in comparison to a woman, I don't have 
ulterior motives when it comes to sex.  I'm simply thankful 
for being selected as the recipient of a man's dick and the 
appreciation that the man saw fit to have sex with me. This 
is very seldom the case with women. They generally want 
marriage or other material things, while we sissies are 
generally content in the feeling a hard dick in our mouths 
and pansy cunts and being rewarded with hot spurts of 
creamy jism."
"I have to admit that you're not too far off target 
there sweetie."
"As you know by now, Mr. Wilson and others in the 
Group have helped me see the true essence of being 
inferior.  As I've said earlier, inferior means lower in 
place, station, value, or importance.  I realize and accept 
my lesser value and subordinate station. Another key thing 
Mr. Wilson got me to see is that I'm inferior and 
subordinate by nature, not by society's proclamation. I was 
put here to do what I do best, and that is to suck and 
please real men's cocks, and to do so meekly, with honor, 
and especially, obediently."
	"The key thing for you to determine dear, is if this 
is right for you.  I believe it is.  Do you?"
	"Oh yes mother, so do I. I know I need and want this. 
I want and need to suck dicks.  I want and need to be 
fucked.  I want the Group to whore me out for their total 
profit and pleasure.  I want and need the discipline and 
whippings the men give me. My naked ass cheeks will always 
be available to them for that purpose.  I deserve what 
these fine men determine I deserve.  I willingly accept 
being at the mercy of; browbeaten; and put under foot by 
these macho men in the Group.  I know now this is all good 
and right for me."
	"My dear Alberta, you sound so confident, and 
self-assured.  I can't think Mr. Wilson and the other men 
enough for their help, or their dicks either, for shaping 
you into the exemplary sissy you are now." His mother 
replied with watery eyes and a tone of joy in her voice.

##### END OF STORY ######
