[ This story is a work of fiction. Any similarities are entirely coicidental. Otherwise, please enjoy. ]

[C] Copyright 2009





                          [ Deserted, Or Is It? ]


Natalie and Karina made their way through a small midwest town. The sun was high in the sky, and cast its rays on trees, small wooden shelters, and the dirt road. Only two years have passed, but, the feeling of it all seems like it has been never ending. Death has come, but these two, brave mortal women stand to defend themselves against the wave of disease and death itself.

Natalie had cut her hair shorter, leaving only enough hair on top to show that she was indeed a woman. Her eyes weary from the journey behind. She wore a tight fitted top, and long pants, with a belt attached at the waist. Two holsters fit the sides, and she kept a knife in place against the center of her chest.

Karina had her hair wrapped up, and held behind her head. She no longer wore a tattered and torn open dress, and her weapon of choice was a kitana that resided on her back in its hold. A small pistol was holstered at her right side, and a sawed off shotgun was held at her left side.

They were both on seperate bikes, as the truck had been deserted long ago. Karina rode her old motorcycle, and Natalie had found her own left alone near a broke down motel. The bike looked dirty, but after a few wipe downs, and light mechanic work, the bike rode like new.

The town that they rode through had a horrible smell that lingered in the wind. Graffitti was written along the sides of the boarded up homes and places of former business. As they approached an old fountain in the center of town, they stopped, and hopped off to rest. In a bag that Karina carried at the back of her bike, she pulled out two canteens. One she tossed to Natalie, and the other she take small sips from. Just a little, as the rest needed to be rationed. Good water was disappearing, as filth killed away much of the purities.

"Oh my God!" Karina jumped, as she pointed to the bottom of the fountain waters. A reddish brown color filled the water, and looking close, a few dead bodies remained. They appeared to have been alive at one time, and never having turned into the mindless dead that wanders the earth.

"What the hell?" Natalie looked in. "I wonder just what the fuck happened here," She finished.

The two shrugged their shoulders and took notice of their surroundings. At first glance, the trees were bare, graffitti stood out though, but otherwise, besides that and dust, all was plain.

At a second glance, the window to an old church was opened slightly. A corpse hung from one of the trees in the far distance. The feeling of being watched left the two searching in every direction. Although the window was opened, there didn't appear to be anybody behind it.

"Maybe we should go," Karina said to Natalie.

"Wait. Let's go check out that church," She replied to Karina.

"What? Fuck that," Karina said to Natalie, pissed, but more annoyed.

"Oh, come on."

"Fine!"

The two prepared their pistols, and crept towards the main doors to the church. Natalie pulled on one, and it creaked open. Dust fell from the top of the door.

"Damn! I doubt anyone has been here in a while," Karina muttered, knocking the dust away from her face.

"Yeah."

A small stairway was located immediately to the right of the entrance as you walked in. Broken frames remained hung on the wall. The pictures were either missing, or ripped. Some pieces of glass lay along the steps. Karina and Natalie walked up the stairs, keeping eyes in every direction. Natalie was in front, and Karina was in back, keeping an eye on the bottom of the stairway.

"What do you see?" Karina whispered to Natalie.

"I see......dust, and lots of it," Natalie answered, and giggled lightly.

"Smart ass."

The two were now on the second floor, and a hallway was visible to their right. Doors were opened up, and little light shined in. The room down the hall, to the right and second to last, had more light inside. Karina walked behind Natalie, as they both made way to the room. Making their  approach, they quickly turned and entered with their pistols in front, in case they were to be attacked.

"Jesus!" Karina gagged, turning away to vomit.

"What the fuck are we dealing with here?" Natalie said, watching in horror as a decapitated head sat on a table in the center of the room. The eyes were darkened, and bite marks were clear on the cheeks. The head split partway open to reveal brain chunks.

Wiping her mouth, and standing back up, Karina said, "Man, I don't want to stay and find out."

"I agree," Natalie replied.

Without hesitating, they walked out of the room and proceeded down the hallway, down the stairs, and out the front entrance. The heat from the sun was beating down on them, and they continued towards their bikes. Getting on and starting them up, they exited the town and made their way to another to search for food, or supplies.



                        [ Sixty Nine Miles ]



Karina and Natalie pulled away to a small rest stop. It appeared to be deserted, but otherwise, not disturbed. No broken glass, or vandalism present. They parked their bikes and took a breath of air as they walked inside the small area indoors. It was surprisingly cool, even though the heat outside may have been near 100 degrees.

Karina sat in the chair of a security room. It was a small area, but she made due. Natalie walked around, and then made her way to the ladies restroom. As she walked inside, the stalls were empty, and the floors had a few bits of paper on them. Instead of any visible sign of blood, struggle, or even body, there was only space and a dirty restroom. Natalie felt a little uncomfortable, but took in the knowledge that nobody had been there.

Karina locked the main doors to the small place, and then locked the inner doors as well. Walking back to the office, she once again sat down on the chair. An overwhelming feeling came over her body, and she relaxed. She began to rummage through the drawers of the desk. As she opened the middle drawer, there was a small switchblade. She picked it up, and put it on top of the desk. She opened the bottom drawer, and noticed an XXX magazine laying there. The woman on the cover looked seductively at the reader, and held her breast in her hands. She grabbed it and tossed it onto the desk top. Flipping through the pages, there was a picture that shown a woman laying on her back, as another woman licked at her hole. The woman on her back was giving fellatio to a man that loomed over her. Karina's body became hot, and she unzipped the fly of her pants, pulling them down off her bare legs, and tossing them to her right. As she done this, she propped one leg up on the top of the desk, and began to rub at her slit. Her eyes kept looking at the picture, and every now and then, Karina looked up and around to check on her surroundings. Her right index finger now pushed deep into her cunt, and her left hand index and middle fingers rubbed at her clitoris. The sensation sent Karina in a state of ecstacy, as she tilted her head back and kept herself a rhythm, masturbating her pussy fast and hard. As she continued, a hot stream ejaculated across the room, and she didn't pay any mind. A few strokes later, she came again. She shook as both orgasms had taken some of her energy. Laying back still, she slowly rubbed herself still. Looking up, she noticed Natalie in the doorway. Natalie held a smile on her face, and said, "Was it good for you?"

"Oh God, yes," Karina answered, still touching her clit. Her pink slit in view of Natalie's eyes. Without hesitation, she walked over to Karina and kneeled between her legs. At first, she could smell the sweet aroma that lifted from Karina's middle, and then she leaned in close and touched her clit with her tongue. Karina moaned. The single touch from Natalie was enough for her to cum once more.

"Wow, did I do that to you?" Natalie asked, continuing to taste Karina's juices.

"Mmmhmm," Karina responded, biting her lower lip.

Natalie slid her warm tongue up and down through the center of Karina's aching vagina. Her hands pulled on Karina's soft buttocks, and Karina slid closer to Natalie's mouth. As Natalie moved up and down, pressing her mouth against her hole, and tasting Karina's fluids that gushed from the center, her nose became hot from the heat within Karina. The tip of her nose rubbed softly on her clit.

As Karina tilted her head forward, she opened her eyes and did a double take at the guard room closet door. A small pool of blood had long ago formed as if something had bled to death just behind it. She jumped up and fixed her clothes on her bottom as Natalie joined her standing up.

The two looked hard at each other.

"You open it," Karina said to Natalie.

Natalie looked at Karina, then to the door. Extending her left hand, and holding a pistol in her right, Natalie opened the door quickly. The body of the guard who had worked there before lay in pieces on the floor.

Karina sighed. "I'm beginning to see a pattern, I think."

"Yeah, me too," She responded.

"Maybe we should be heading in the opposite direction," Karina suggested.

"No," Natalie answered. "We've already been there. There is nothing."

"Fine. But I don't want to end up in pieces, or half eaten."

"Agreed," Natalie smiled.

"Let's get the fuck out of here."

"Okay."




                            [ The Gathering ]




A crowd had gathered 7 miles down the road from where Natalie and Karina were. A large, well built man stepped out from the center and spoke to the rest.

"They are coming," His deep voice echoed.

"Let them come," Another smaller man answered. "I want their flesh!"

"I want them first!" A woman stepped forward, wearing a dark, tight shirt, long black pants, and a pair of boots. Her face held a scar across her cheek. A knife was kept at her side, and a nine millimeter holstered in front of her crotch. "Bring them to me first, and then, you can have your meal."

Each smiled at the thought of bodies cooking, and the screams they would hear as these two unsuspecting women roasted over a fire.

A tear trickled down the side of the lone womans cheek, and the small crowd looked as it happened. The woman turned away and entered through the middle of them before walking into a doorway to a small building.

The men looked on in the direction of where they expected the two women to enter.




                             [ Enter Night ]




Natalie and Karina stetched their legs over the seats of their bikes and started them up. The engines roared as they took off west towards the next town.

Before long, Natalie had doubts and pulled over.

Karina stopped just to her left. "What's wrong?"

"Don't you think that it is very strange that the last few places we have been, there are dead bodies?" Natalie said, reflecting.

"Yes. I do." Karina answered. "But, you don't think..." Karina trailed off.

"I don't know what to think, Karina. I think that we must be careful," Natalie's tone changed. She gripped the handle to her pistol, trying to remain calm.

"Okay. We'll take cover in the hills over there," Karina planned, "And if there are any buildings that stand, we'll avoid them."

"Well now, I think that might work, lover."

Karina smiled, and looked back towards the long road ahead.




                                 [ Waiting ]




"Where are they?" The lone woman called out.

The small group took shelter inside the small building, keeping themselves from sight. They planned on an ambush as soon as the two arrived, however, they were nowhere near.

"Fuck!" The little man shouted. "Let's go after them!"

The woman reached forward and backhanded the little guy across the mouth, breaking what little teeth that he had left.

The large man said to the woman, "Rose, I can search for them. They may be close and know our plans."

"Do it, but make sure that you aren't seen, Jacob," Rose answered. "Food is hard to come by, and I cannot go another day without it," She finished.

Jacob left the building through a small hole in the rear. To Avoid being seen at all costs, he opened a shaft that led underground, and began a walkthrough of a long tunnel that ran directly to a shack located in the center of the hills. As he reached the end, he climbed a steel ladder up to an opening inside a small brick room. He walked over to a small wooden door that suffered from years of rot and use. He pulled it open almost tearing it away from the wall, and he entered the small space that was the shack. His eyes grew in anger as he peered through the cracks of the walls toward the outside. He noticed, maybe 100 feet away, the two women laid down and was peering off towards the little building that occupied Rose and company.

Being as quiet as possible, Jacob crept outside the door, knowing that one creak would attract their attention and cause them to run. As he walked slowly towards the women, he spotted two motorcycles just off to the women's right. He kept going and as he approached them, Karina turned her head and was about to scream when Jacob swung and caught the side of her face with his large fist. Natalie jumped and reached for her pistol, but as she tried to aim, Jacob had knocked her out as well.

Jacob grabbed onto both women's legs and drug them down to the small building where he knew Rose would be pleased.




                            [ Familiar Faces ]




Karina and Natalie were hanging upside down in a room to themselves. The rope that held them by their legs was old, but still strong to carry their weight. As Natalie woke, her eyes caught a glimpse of someone standing at the doorway. Her eyes focused. A woman began to talk.

"Well hello there," An angered, but calm voice spoke to her. "I'm going to cut to the chase, or lack thereof," She giggled. "I'm going to taste you, and hmmm, maybe more," The woman licked her lips. "After that, they are going to eat you too, although, it won't be as pleasurable to you as it will for them."

Natalie shook trying to break free, but, the rope was strong. Karina's eyes opened as well, and she began to struggle.

"As for your friend, they can have her first," Rose said as she removed a knife from her belt and swung it at Karina, cutting into her stomach and watched as blood spilled to the floor.

"Noooooooooo!" Natalie screamed at Rose. "You fucking cunt!"

"My what words," Rose grinned. As she said this she looked into Natalie's eyes, and noticed something. "I know you. I have seen you before," Rose repeated. "You was the little girl that was with the older lady, I remember."

Natalie cried heavy tears as she watched her lover and friend die just two feet away.

Jacob entered the room quickly. "Rose, we must go! The dead are coming and we have to find shelter." His voice echoed.

Rose began to weep in her hands. "No, Jacob," She spoke through her hands, "Stay here with me."

"But rose....." Jacob stepped forward.

"Please! Let her go too," She said to him.

"Okay," He answered, cutting Natalie loose. As Natalie fell to the floor, she hurried towards the body of her love.

"Go, get the fuck out of here!" Rose screamed at Natalie.

Jacob knelt beside Rose and cradled her small frame in his big arms. The little guy entered and rushed to grab Karina's dangling body when Natalie grabbed a knife near her and swung it at the man, penetrating his own stomach, and raising him two inches into the air. Blood splattered onto the floor below, and tears still ran down her face. The little mans body fell to the floor and he reamined there, dead.

With a swift slice, she cut through the rope and held onto Karina's body as it fell down into her arms. Wothout a word, she tossed her onto her shoulder, and left the room. As she walked out towards the exit, she opened the door, and walked outside. A motorcycle, older but in perfect shape, rest behind a tarp. It had a sidecar built onto it, and it was perfect to hold Karina. Natalie placed her body into the sidecar, and took a quick look around her. She heard moans and noticed a very large group of zombies rushing closer to the building. Natalie hopped onto the bike, and started it up. A roar exited the muffler, and Natalie wasted no time in racing off down the road looking for closure to the nights defeat.

As she was already in the far off distance from the spot where Rose and JAcob were left, she heard gunshots and screams as the dead had overrun the hideout where they were.

Tears had welled in Natalie's eyes again, and she realized that she was alone once more. Without anthing left to live for, it would make her stronger, and she would fight hard if she came across her enemies again.




[ END ]

