Where Did That Cum From?

MF

It started out innocently enough. 

He greeted her when she came in the house. She put down her purse and walked into his waiting arms. She kissed him the way she always did when she came home. This time, though, the kiss lingered. She began to nibble on his lips, the way she did when they were making love. Slowly, the nibbling kisses turned into full on, lust filled, open mouth kisses. He sensed her desire and pulled her closer. She started rubbing her body against him. He responded by wrapping his arm around her waist and pulling her closer. 

Her actions were starting to affect him. He could feel the familiar tingling in his groin. Her lips left his and moved to his neck. She nibbled and licked his neck. Then she reached up and nibbled his ever sensitive ear lobe. His cock jerked in his pants. He pulled her closer, grinding himself into her crotch. She responded by returning her tongue to his mouth. He reached for her breast. He was surprised to find that only the cloth of her dress separated his hand from her already hard nipple. “This is not like her.”, he thought. So, he ran his hand over her ass and did not find any panties. He lifted the hem of her dress and caressed her naked ass. “I can't believe she went to work like this!”, was his only thought as he brought his hand around to her front and slipped a finger down her slit.

She felt him move his hand to her front and slide his finger to her slit. She was hot and wanted more of a touch so she adjusted her stance to give him greater access. He slid first one finger then a second over her clit and gently stroked it. She moaned in his mouth and reached for the button on his jeans. She undid it and lowered his zipper. As he continued to stroke her, her pussy got wetter and wetter, she reached inside his pants and stroked the solid piece of meat that she found inside his underwear. Now it was his turn to moan. 

She pulled away and walked over to the sofa. She knelt down on the sofa and drew her dress up over her hips, exposing her naked ass. Looking over her shoulder, she said only one thing. “Fuck me, now!” He wasted no time in coming over to her and dropping his pants and underwear to his ankles. She bent forward and thrust her ass at him in anticipation. There was not one bit of romance in what they were doing. It was purely animalistic. She wanted him to fuck her and he was about to oblige.

As she bent forward, she spread her legs, completely exposing her wanton cunt to him. She didn't care if the curtains were open so everybody walking by could see. She wanted it and she wanted it now. He took his cock in his hand and rubbed its head up and down her slit a couple of times. “Don't tease me, put that fucking thing in me!”, she ordered. Who was he not to obey. He positioned his cock at her opening and drove it in to the hilt. She gasped, “YES”. He was buried in her in one stroke. After giving himself a moment to relish the feeling of her hot cunt wrapped around his cock, he started to move it in and out of her. Wanting to make this last as long as he could, he moved slowly. She wanted none of that. “Will you quit playing around and fuck me hard?”, she asked. She reached between her legs and stroked the underside of his cock in an attempt to encourage him to give her the savage screwing she so desperately wanted.

He responded by grabbing her hips and went balls deep again. He pulled his cock out as far as he could without actually leaving her pussy and slammed into her again. She began to moan as he moved with her, her as moving back as his cock slid deep into her wanton tunnel. His cock sliding out ans she moved her hips forward. They got into a comfortable rhythm as he fucked her from behind. She was moaning the entire time he was in her. He reached around and started to play with her nipples through her dress. Hell, all she did was lift her dress over her hips. He simply dropped his drawers to his ankles and began to fuck her. 

His efforts to please were rewarded soon enough. She began to pant. “Fuck me harder. That's it. FUCK MEEEE!” He felt her normally tight pussy clamp down on his cock as her orgasm hit. And what an orgasm. It seemed to go on forever. He tried to pull his cock from her cunt but she had such a grip that it was not possible. When she finally came down from her cum, he went back to fucking her. This time, she was encouraging him. “That's it. Fuck me. Fill my cunt with your hot baby making juices.” And fuck her he did.

His breathing began to come in short breaths. He felt his balls tighten. Finally, with one last plunge, he pulled her hips to him and began to fill her hot, wet, satisfied cunt with his own cum. She pushed back and had another small cum that seemed to want to make sure that she got all of his juices in her. 

They collapsed sideways onto the sofa and cuddled. His cock still inside her. He wasn't going to ask where that come from. He was just going to enjoy the afterglow.
