Real World Update
by Vanessa Evans

Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the earlier parts before reading this. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.

Willow - Our New Family Member - Part 28 – our holiday continues.

Day 13 – Thursday

It was Maria’s and my turn to hang upside down outside the club and I enjoyed Trevor and Ben putting me there.

Ben made me cum when he was covering me in suntan lotion. He spent ages rubbing it on my pussy telling me that that area was sensitive and prone to sunburn. I didn’t complain.

There seemed to be more people visiting the exhibition that day and I’m sure that I saw some of the men that I’d seen the day before, but hey, if they wanted to come and play I wasn’t complaining.

Trevor had set and switched on the magic wands as soon as we were both hanging there and I really loved it when it made me cum when a man was having a close look at my pussy.

A couple of times when that happened the man was saying something to another man stood next to him. I would have loved to know what they were saying but they were talking in Spanish, but I did wonder if it was about my pussy juices that were escaping in copious quantities and running down both my butt crack and my stomach, although they didn’t get far because they were drying up in the heat from the sun.   

I don’t know if Trevor left Maria and me out there longer than he had with Willow and Valeria but it did seem longer, maybe because I am not as used to hanging upside down as Willow is.

Anyway, when he and Ben did lift us down I had to sit on the little wall for a few minutes for my body to get back to normal before going inside, having a shower then joining the fun that the other girls were having.

Three times that day I was asked to demonstrate different fucking machines, and 3 times I enjoyed being watched and videoed by strangers. I wasn’t the only one having that sort of fun, Willow and the other girls were enjoying it as well.

I was on a fucking machine one more time, as mentioned earlier, Trevor wanted one of us to be on a fucking machine all day so we’d setup a little rota for when one of us wasn’t asked to demonstrate one. There’d been quite a lot of requests for demonstrations by specific girls on both days so Willow’s and my turn weren’t until the Thursday, and we both enjoyed ourselves.
 

By the end of the day there were 7 happy, but tired girls and I guess that the guys were tired as well. Jon certainly looked tired.

When all the potential customers had left Ben came in with one of his barmen and trays of drinks. As we sat drinking he reminded us of our night’s sex show that we had agreed to. 

Maria asked what time the show started and what exactly what he wanted us to do.

He told us that he wanted us at the stage at midnight and that all we had to do was relax on the fucking machines and let them pleasure us.

Valeria had a go at him saying that he must think that being on one of those machines wasn’t tiring. 

Ben quickly apologised then told us that when we were ready we could go to the cafe next door and that they would feed us whatever we wanted, on him. 


Then it was Trevor’s turn to talk to us all. He thanked us and told us that the event was a success and that our agency would receive our payments in the morning. I smiled and hoped that the other girls got as much pleasure out of the event as I had, and I was sure that Willow had, then I wondered just how much they were getting, not that I cared.


After we had all showered, we all went to the cafe next door. The guys had put shorts and T shirts on but Willow and I were both happy that all the Spanish girls had decided to put only shoes on, so of course Willow and I did the same.

Trevor and Jon came as well and the 4 of us sat at a separate table. One of the things that we talked about was the dismantling of the machines and packing everything ready for transportation back to England. Jon offered us to help him but he told us that he’d arranged for some men to come in early in the morning to do it and that it had to be finished before lunchtime because he had an early afternoon flight back to England.

Jon told Trevor that we’d be going back to San Antonio after the show at the club. Trevor tried to persuade us to stay at his hotel but Jon said that after the long day and tiring night ahead, we’d need to sleep late.   

One thing that Trevor did tell us that Willow got excited about, was that he couldn’t sell used and opened small products so instead of throwing them away he offered to send them all to us telling us that there may just be some things that we could clean and sterilise then use. Willow later told us that there were a few things that she hoped were in the box and if there were any duplication of what we’d already got she be able to give them to her friends.


While we were in the cafe a few other people came in. They looked as if they were clubbers who were getting something to eat and maybe a few drinks before they went  to the club. Jon overheard some of the talking and it became obvious that Ben had advertised the sex show and that at least 2 of the people in the cafe had guessed that 
us naked girls were going to be part of the show.

As we sat drinking and talking we watched clubbers arrive, some coming into the cafe and seeing us.

Just before we left the cafe I asked if we’d see Trevor again.

“Come to think of it, probably not.” Jon replied, “You and Willow will be going with the other girls and I will be going to help Trevor get organised for the packing of the equipment. Then Trevor will be going back to his hotel.”

“We’d better say goodbye here then.” I said, standing up and going to Trevor. 

I sat on his lap and gave him a big kiss while he fondled my bare tits. Then it was Willow’s turn; she told him to stand up, and when he did she jumped up onto him, wrapping her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist. As she gave him a big kiss, his hands went under her bare butt and I saw his fingers enter her vagina. As they kissed he finger fucked her right there in the middle of the cafe with some of the other girls watching.

Kiss broken, Trevor lowered Willow to the floor and thanked her for being such an amazing young girl. Willow then asked Jon for a pen then wrote her phone number on his arm.

“Phone me, and get that Ohmibod app so that you can make me cum from wherever you are.” She said as she sat down again. 
 

When we went back to the club there were quite a few people already there and one of the bouncers took us girls to Ben’s office where he enthusiastically greeted us.

Jon went with Trevor to start getting things ready to ship back to England.

Valeria seemed to be the self-elected spokesperson for us and she asked Ben more about what was expected of us. When he told us that he’d arranged for a couple of male strippers to join us and that they would be helping us get on and off the machines, controlling them and possibly fucking us.

Valeria told him that if anyone was going to fuck us they would have to wear condoms. Ben said that he’d already thought of that and that a box of condoms would be on the stage for us to use.

Whilst Valeria and Ben were talking about that I saw that Willow was fidgeting and I just knew that she was hoping that she’d get fucked. I was also sort of hoping that I would as well.

Valeria also clarified our pay amount and where we could collect it from at the end of the show.

“So what exactly will we have to do?” Valeria asked.

“Just be at the front of the stage when the show starts and go along with what the guys on the stage tell you to do.”

“And what will that be?”

“After the showgirls have done their dancing the guys will come and collect you then they’ll line you up near the front of the stage and spank you like naughty little schoolgirls. After that they’ll take you to the fucking machines, get you setup and started then move on to the next machine.”

“So it’s all meant to be little schoolgirls getting punished?”  

“Spot on. Any problems with that?” Ben asked.

“So, apart from on the machines, where will the fucking come in to it?”

“Depends on how it goes. If the guys decide to get some of the audience up onto the stage to continue the ‘punishment’, they will and you’ll have to bend over and take it or maybe get on your hands and knees and take it. They’ll be playing it by ear. If things don’t go down well it will be all over in 15 or so minutes. If things do go well it will keep going until the condoms run out or the club closes.”

“How many condoms are there in the box that you’ll put out there?”

“250, but I don’t expect them all to be used.”

“So one way or another we could be getting fucked by dozens of men until dawn.” Valeria said with a smile on her face. 

Willow also had a big grin on her face.

“Worst case scenario, yes, that could happen.”

“Best case scenario you mean.” Willow said.

That caused a few little laughs and whispers then Valeria said,

“Okay, what do we do until the show starts?”

“Whatever you like girls, mingle, dance, drink, for free, whatever you like, but please don’t get drunk. A drunk girl on stage is never a pretty sight. You’ve got about 50 minutes, relax and have fun.”


And that’s what we did. I always enjoy being naked in a crowd of clothed people, although quite a few of the girl clubbers weren’t exactly wearing much and Willow and I saw a handful of naked girls that weren’t part of the magnificent 7.

We danced, and got hit on lots of times. All the guys wanted to dance with the naked girls, and about 45 minutes later one of the bouncers came and told us to go to the front of the stage. 

As we stood waiting Willow told me that she had really enjoyed being naked with all the clothed people around, even if the lighting wasn’t that good.


Ben came onto the stage, the lights went up and the music died down. As he announced that the show was about to start 4 guys in black leather, tight shorts, black leather vests and black leather balaclavas came onto the stage. Each one was carrying  what looked like a riding crop. I wondered if Trevor had supplied those.

The guys came down to us 7 and picked up 1 of us up and put us over their shoulder then carried us up onto the stage with out bare butts getting the odd slap from the audience as we passed them.

Three of them came down for the last 3 whilst the other guy positioned us quite near to the front of the stage, backs to the back of the stage, and he used his riding crop to get us to spread our legs wider, and to bend us over so that our hands were on the floor. Our butts and pussies were on display for everyone to see and with the stage only being about a metre above the dance floor, our butts were at about head height to the audience.  

When all 7 of us were lined up and in the same position the guys lined up and walked behind us from one end to the other, swinging the riding crop and bringing it down one each of our butts. They went round and round in a circle until each of us girls had been swatted about a dozen times. Of course the audience were cheering all the time so the wouldn’t have heard our screams; although I didn’t think that any of it hurt that much.

Leaving 3 of us stood, bent over like that, the 4 guys took a girl a piece and put her on a fucking machines, but didn’t switch them on. Some of the machines took some time to get the girl in place and lined up with the dildos, and some required the girl to be strapped down or tied down.

I was 1 of the first 4 and I watched the other girls getting ready. Then I watched the guys get the other 3 girls and put them in place ready for the fucking to start. Willow got taken to the sybian which was mounted on a stand. The guy lifted her up then lowered her, impaling her on the dildo. He then put handcuffs on her hands behind her back. She was stuck there until someone lifted her off.

When all 7 of us were ready the power suddenly came on, 7 girls jumped a little and screamed a little, although they / I wouldn’t have been heard.

The 4 guys then went round us making sure that we were getting fucked just as the machines designers had intended.

We were left on the machines for something like 20 minutes before the guys started taking us off and moving us to the next machine.
   
I’m guessing that Willow and the other girls all orgasmed at least once, I know that I came twice and I’m sure that the audience would have been able to see, but not hear, that we’d orgasmed.

When we had all been moved to a different machine the big switch-on happened again.

Twenty, or so, minutes later the switch happened again.

After the third time we were all released then taken to the front of the stage where we were lined up, bent over in the same position as before, then the 4 guys walked round us all again, but this time, instead of whipping us with the riding crop they thrust their cocks into us 1 time before moving to the next girl. I think that we all got a 1 thrust fuck 4 times before it stopped.


Then we were told to lay down with our legs hanging over the front of the stage. We weren’t told to, but I saw that all 7 of us spread our legs wide.

Ben’s voice came on the sound system and told everyone that it was silly that the male performers should have all the fun and that the audience should participate in the show. He also told everyone that condoms must be used and that the bouncers would deal with anyone who didn’t use one. Then he said,

“Let the games begin.”


What followed can only be described as a multi-gang-bang with all 7 of us getting fucked by goodness knows how many men. Some were even coming up onto the stage and fucking our mouths. I guess that any one of us could have got up and walked out but none of us did. All of them were, I’m sure, enjoying it as much as I was.

The gang-bangs must have gone on for about an hour before Ben’s voice told everyone that it was over and the music started again. Bouncers came over and helped us to Ben’s office where drinks were waiting for us.

“I was expecting a bit more of a show.” Valeria said, “not just a gang-bang.”

“You got your time on the fucking machines, and you got well paid for it.” Ben replied.

He was right, and I certainly wasn’t complaining and by the look on Willow’s face, she wasn’t either.

We finished our drinks as Ben handed out our envelopes full of money. All the Spanish girls counted their money so Willow and I did too. Ben was good with his counting and we all got our 5,000 euros.

Ben thanked us all and we headed off to the store room and formed a queue to use the shower. Jon joined us and we gave our envelopes of cash to him, Willow saying that she had no use for it. He said that he’d get it converted to English pounds then give it back to us saying that we’d never know when we needed some hard cash.


As we waited for the shower Jon said,

“Well that wasn’t much of a sex show, it was more of a demonstration of the machines then a gang-bang.”

He was right, I’ve seen videos of shows that were a lot more like big London shows with some sex added.

“That’s what Valeria said to Ben.” Willow replied, “but I enjoyed it.”

“Yes, I bet you did. Trevor has gone, he sends you both his love. When you’ve showered we’ll head off back to San Antonio. It won’t take us long.”

“Do I have to put any clothes on?” Willow asked.

“Only your shoes.”


The jeep was only just down the road and 2 naked girls waked out of the club and to the jeep. There were other clubbers leaving and a couple of taxis waiting for customers but no one even stared at us.

In San Antonio, Willow and I again, walked back to our hotel naked. We saw a few ‘happy’ people walking around and we got a couple or request to go back to the ‘happy’ person’s hotel with them, but we just ignored them 



Day 14 – Friday

Jon woke Willow, then me in the best possible way around mid morning, then reminded us that this was the last full day of our holiday. After the expected groans from Willow Jon sent her for some breakfast from the shop down the road. We again watched the totally naked girl walk down the road to the shop, then back. She was disappointed that there wasn’t any young men in the shop and she had to settle for bending over and letting the teenage shop girl look at her bare butt and pussy.

“Not the best start to our last day.” She said as we sat on the balcony eating.

Jon gave Willow the option of doing whatever she wanted that day but added that he had told Pedro that we’d go back to the gym that afternoon.

“Good,” Willow said, “I want to go back there, and the massage place, and that bar, so can we go to those places and the Salines beach please?”

“I don’t see why not, but not in that order,” Jon replied, “it should be in the same order as it was the last time we visited all those places in one day. Are you happy with that V?”

“How could I not be, the best beach in Ibiza where we can cum with people watching, a gym where we can workout naked and cum with people watching, a massage parlour where the masseur gives mind-blowing orgasms that last for hours, and a bar where strangers fondle our tits, rub our clits and finger fuck us until we cum; what more could any girl wish for?”

“What she said.” Willow said.

“Okay,” Jon said, “let’s do it. Get yourselves ready and let’s go.”

“Can I stay like this (naked) all day please Jon?”

“You can right up until we park in Ibiza town then it depends on where I can get parked.”

“I hope that you can get parked in the same street as the gym.” Willow said, then added,

“Can we put our Ohmibods in please Jon?” Willow asked.

“Only if you put a butt plug in as well.” Jon replied.

“Oh goody, I didn’t think of that.” Willow replied as she eagerly got 2 Ohmibods and 2 butt plugs out of my bag.

“Don’t switch them on yet,” Jon said, “you need to make them last all day.”

“I’m not having mine in when I have my massage.” Willow said, “but we can in the gym, that should be fun.”

“Give the guys something extra to look at.” I added.

“Okay, but don’t switch them on yet.”


Twenty minutes later, 2 naked girls and Jon, were walking out of the hotel and to the car park. As usual, we got a few people looking at us but we didn’t care.

As we turned into the car park another jeep pulled in and we watched it park. Out of it  came 2 young men and a totally naked young woman. They started walking towards us, the girl in between the 2 guys, with her arms linked to both men. They were so close together that the girl’s tits (probably a ‘C’ cup) were being squashed by the 2 men’s arms giving her a large cleavage.

“I’m glad that mine aren’t that big.” Willow said when they were out of earshot.

“Me too.” I added, “they must get in the way at times.”


We were soon arriving at the car park at Ses Salines and Jon was paying the parking fee to the old man collecting the money, although we did have to queue for some time, the penalty for arriving in the early afternoon.

What it did mean was that more people were parking up at the same time as us and we saw other people arriving totally naked and getting out of their cars and walking towards the beach.

Willow wanted to walk back to the road and along it to the shop, and she was rewarded by a bus arriving just after we came out of the shop with cold drinks in our hands. We sat on the little wall with our legs open and were rewarded by a group of 6 young men coming and standing in front of us. They seemed to be looking at a map trying to decide where to go, but they all kept turning to look at our pussies.

Needless to say that our legs spread wider and we didn’t finish our drinks until they had left.

“Willow, what were you saying about not a good start to our last day?” Jon asked.

“I’m happy to say that the flashing gods have found me and are helping me now.” Willow replied making both Jon and I smile a little.

“Okay girls, let’s get on that beach and start showing your goodies to everyone.”


We only spent about 4 hours on the beach and most of it went just about the same as previous visits there except that Willow and I had big fake diamonds sticking out of our butt holes and a pink tail sticking out of our vaginas. Those 2 items attracted attention especially when we were laid down with our legs spread wide.

Willow decided to go for a walk on her own at one point, in fact she was away for quite a while. Before she went she asked Jon to start her Ohmibod vibrating. Both Jon and I knew what she was up to and Jon still started her Ohmibod on low but with random bursts of full power. 

“That should give her some pleasant surprises.” He said.

When she got back she told us that she’d walked through the prudes area and the sensible peoples area twice. She was in the middle of the sensible people when the first full power blast hit her and she’d screamed and dropped to her knees. She told us that she got some strange looks and some smiles. She’d guessed that the smiles came from the people who knew what her pink tail was.  

She also sat and laid half in and half out of the water in the prudes area right next to where some girls and boys about her real age were playing. 

One of the girls had noticed her pink tail and asked her what it was. She was about to answer her when it gave her a practical demonstration. The girl, and a boy that was there had looked scared and Willow, somehow, had managed to stop the boy from going for his mother. When the vibe had stopped the boy had asked where Willow’s swimsuit was. 

She’d confused both the girl and the boy when she’d told them that she’d come to the beach from her hotel like she was then.


After Willow had told us all about her little adventure Jon sent Willow and I to get some ice creams and we’d gone to the prudes cafe without putting anything on. We got a few more strange looks while we were queueing, especially when we’d faced or turned our backs to some seated people. Willow thought that it was one big laugh, and I have to admit that I did too. We both like shocking prudish people with our nudity and our toys.


When we left the beach Willow again wanted to walk back to the jeep along the road. Apart from the odd honking of a car horn and a few whistles, it was an uneventful walk. In the car park we saw a couple of other girls arriving back at their car totally naked; and like us they got in without putting any clothes on. Willow wondered where they were driving to.


We were lucky in Ibiza town in that Jon managed to find a parking space just down the road from the gym and Jon told us that we could go there without putting any clothes on. That made Willow happy, even happier when he told us that we could go from the gym to the massage parlour naked as well. Although he did tell me to take a bag with some clothes, money and water in it. We swapped phones and he told me to switch our Ohmibods on before locking our things in one of the lockers.

Then he surprised me when he told us that we would be on our own, that he was going for a walk and that he’d meet us in the cafe down the road, the one that we’d gone to before. Willow was happy about her and me being on our own, and being naked on our own, but Jon spoilt it a bit for her when he told us to wear belt skirts when we left the massage parlour.

Willow and I set off first with Jon just behind us. About half way there he shouted that he could see both of our butt plugs causing us to giggle a bit.

Then she said,

“Are we really going to exercise with our butt plugs in and our Ohmibods switched on?”

“Yes, why not, it should liven things up a bit.”

“Cool,” was all that Willow replied.


To say that Pedro was surprised when 2 naked girls walked into his gym would be an understatement. We got lots of praise from him although I have to assume that it was all praise because a lot of it was in Spanish.

What I did manage to understand was that there were lots of men in the workout room and I assumed that he had been telling every man that he knew that we were going to be there; but we wanted a shower first, there was sand in places that a girl doesn’t want sand.

There was another girl in the shower and when we joined her she said, I think, that there were too many men working out. I wondered if she’d been naked in there and thought that she’d have been a fool not to have been. 

She watched as both Willow and I pulled our Ohmibods out so that we could remove all traces of sand, then put them back in. I looked at her face as we were doing that but she kept it straight and I couldn’t tell what she was thinking.

Willow and I were still in the shower when she got out and I saw that she put a skirt and top on, no underwear, before leaving.


Willow and I got out, dried ourselves then quickly combed our hair. I’m sure that neither of us really cared about how good our hair looked.

Then it came to Ohmibod time. Getting Jon’s phone out I asked Willow what setting she wanted hers on.

“Medium vibrations with random full throttle bursts.” was her reply.

So that’s what I set both of them to.

Taking a last swig from the bottle of water, and as naked as the day we were born, we proudly marched into the workout room to be confronted by maybe 20 men, and not another woman in sight. I felt a wet rush in my pussy and just knew that it was going to be a long time before it was as dry as it had been straight after the shower.

We headed towards the mats and the sea of men just opened to let us through. It was then that I first saw Alejandro, complete with a large, professional looking video camera.

“Hey,” I said, “I’d forgotten that Pedro said that he wanted to make a promotional video.”

“Hi,” Alejandro replied, “It’s not a problem is it, I can pack it all away if you want.”

“Hell no,” Willow said, “just make sure that you get lots of close-ups of my pussy.”

Alejandro laughed and said, “don’t you worry little one, your pussy will be the star attraction of the video.”

 
Our workout was roughly the same as the last time except that there were lots of men  watching us all the time and Alejandro was sticking his camera so close to us that we were nearly hitting it some times. Then there was our Ohmibods, they added to our fun, and the entertainment for our audience. 

The first blast of full power hit Willow when she was in the crab position and she collapsed to the floor and her body started jerking about. Her little tits would have wobbled about if there had been enough of them. As it was you couldn’t tell if it were her tits moving, or her whole torso.

My first blast of full power came as I was doing the standing splits. I too collapsed to the floor and again, it was impossible to tell if my tiny tits were wobbling.


We both got hit again whilst we were doing more gymnastics stretching exercises although that time the blast was longer and we both orgasmed. Willow is getting good at keeping her hands off her pussy when her Ohmibod really tried to shake her internal organs into a liquid. I’m not as good as her, but I’m improving.  

All the time Alejandro was zooming in on our bodies and in particular, our pussies. As we continued I went to Willow and whispered “kegels” and from then on we both contracted and relaxed our pussy muscles each time our legs were spread.

We spent around 20 minutes doing those exercises, all the time with lots of men trying to get a better and better looks, sometimes getting so close that I actually, accidentally, hit one with my foot when a vibe blast hit me and I orgasmed again.


From the mats we went to the exercise cycles, raising the seats before getting on them; our pink tails sticking out like a thin, pink cock. Not only did the movement of our pussies sliding from side to side give us more orgasms, but the Ohmibods gave us some more as well. 

While we were on the cycles Alejandro stopped recording for a few minutes and talked to some of the men. Unfortunately they spoke Spanish so I couldn’t tell what they were saying, but I was sure that it was about Willow and me.




When we decided to get off the cycles we both had to have a couple of minutes rest and a drink of water. Unfortunately we had left our water in my bag in the changing room so I went and got it while Willow stayed where she was, standing, leaning against a wall looking at all the men who were looking at her. Needless to say, she was stood with her feet about shoulder width apart and when I returned her Ohmibod was giving her a blast of full power and she was shaking and moaning.

I went up to her and touched her clit and another orgasm exploded out of her. 

I turned to the audience and said,

“Is that what you wanted guys?”

The only person to reply was Alejandro, his camera capturing all Willow’s pleasure.

“That was perfect Vanessa. I like the way her Ohmibod antenna goes up and down as the spasms hit her.”

I hadn’t been looking down there but when I did I saw that he was right, I wondered if mine did the same when I orgasmed.


When Willow was able, she took a drink of water then said,

“How about we try a machine that we haven’t tried before V? I’m sure that one of these guys will show us how it works.”

I took one of Willow’s hands and led her to a machine. It looked a bit like a rocking chair. 

“That’s a Chest Press machine,” Alejandro said, “it will exercise your chest and arm muscles.”

“Will it exercise my breast muscles?” Willow asked, “I don’t want my tits to grow, just to strengthen the muscles.”

“Yes, probably.” Alejandro said.

Willow climbed on and sat with her knees well apart then started pulling the handlebars causing her butt to go backwards and her upper torso to go forwards.

“That was easy.” Willow said.

Alejandro said something in Spanish and a man went and adjusted the weights so that it was harder for Willow. She started again and kept going.

I went to the next machine which had a comfortable looking chair on it. As I got on it Alejandro said,   

“That’s a Horizontal Seated Leg Press, you put your feet up on those pads and push with your legs.”

I lifted my feet, put them on the outer edge of the pads and pushed. The seat back went back and the pads went forward. Alejandro again said something in Spanish and a man came and made it harder for me.

“These might be good for exercise,” Willow said, “but they’re not much fun. I’m going to the Leg Spreader.”

She did and the men all tried to get some floor space right in front of her. It was a bit funny really because both of us would have laid on one of the benches in there and moved our legs up and over and kept them there while all the men there came, one by one, and had a close look at our pussies and even fucked us; if they’d only asked.

Anyway, the Leg Spreader must have been set okay for Willow because her legs started spreading wide then she’d hold them wide open for a few seconds before slowly closing them.

I watched as she moved the lever and her legs flew wide open. As she started to close them her Ohmibod hit her again and her legs went wide open again and another orgasm hit her.

I nearly shouted “Kegels” to her but the way her pink tail was bouncing about told me that her pussy muscles were already quite active.

I watched as Alejandro pushed his way in front of her so that he could record her orgasm, or more specifically what her pussy was doing.

Willow slowly regained control and started closing her legs. She closed and opened her legs 5 more times, but without any more orgasms, before she climbed off and said,

“Your turn V. Can you pass me the water please?”

I did, then climbed onto the Leg Spreader.

It was the fourth time that my legs were spread wide that the vibe triggered another orgasm in me and I somehow managed to look down to my pussy and saw my little pink tail bouncing about in time with the spasms that I could feel. I felt quite proud that my pussy was doing that without me telling it to. 

When I climbed off I looked around and saw Willow, She was standing over a man who was on his back on a bench lifting some heavy looking weights. Her pussy was directly over his face. When I went over to her she said,

“This is called Spotting, I’m here to help him if the weights get too much for him.”

“Yeah, aren’t you supposed to be a bit lower so that it’s easier for you to grab the bar if he struggles?” I asked.

“If I do that my pussy will be on his face.”

“And?”

“Oh yes, sorry Mr. Spanish guy.”

Willow spread her feet so that her pussy went so low that her pink tail was under his chin and her pussy was almost in his mouth. I just knew that he would soon be eating her.

Just then another Spanish man said something to me. Alejandro interpreted for me saying that he wanted to do the same with me.

Well, there was no way that I was going to refuse and we quickly got into the same position as Willow and her man. As I was settling down I saw that Willow was having an orgasm and her pussy was flat on the man’s mouth. I smiled and wondered if he could breath.

My pussy was nicely getting eaten when I heard Willow say,

“Right, who’s next?”

I smiled as my arousal got the better of me.


Willow and I spent the next 20 or so minutes getting eaten by most of the men in there, and Alejandro got it all on video.


Eventually, I couldn’t stand like that any more without falling over, something that I’d nearly done when I’d had my second orgasm with a man’s mouth eating me out, and I told Willow that it was time to leave.

As we both got up Willow said,

“Alejandro, are you going to video us in the shower as well? We might just have to have a lesbian moment.”

“I’ll do one better, I’ll setup the camera on a tripod to record all the action and join you, it will probably be my last chance to fuck you both again.”

“Works for me.” Willow replied.

And that’s what we did, a couple of the men who had eaten us coming and watching us.


As Alejandro packed up his equipment and we got dried Willow told him that we were going for a massage next.

“The parlour up the road?”

“Yes, why?” I asked.

“You’re not going to have the full works with Felipe are you?”

“Yes, why?” I asked.

“I know Felipe, Valeria and Maria tell me that he’s an amazing masseur.”

“He certainly is,” Willow said, “I was still having little orgasms an hour after we’d left there the last time. Do you want to come and video us getting high on orgasms?”

“Err yes, that’s if you don’t mind.”

“Silly question Alejandro,” I replied, “of course we don’t mind. Will Felipe mind?”

“No, he loves massaging young girls.”

“I bet he does;” Willow said, “does he refuse to massage old, fat and smelly women?”

“Sometimes, but it’s good money and difficult to refuse. One night he told me that the old, fat and ugly women only get the quick version whereas cute young girls get the extended version. I bet that you two get the extended, extended version.”

“I hope so, but if I had the extended version last time I don’t know if I could survive the extended, extended version. My heart would probably stop and he’d have to explain to the police how he killed me, finger fucked to death.”

“Funny, I like you Willow.” Alejandro said. “You’re going there now?”

“Yes, why?”

“Haven’t you got any clothes to put on?”

“Yes, but we’re not going to put them on, we’re going like this.”

“Okay then, can I escort you over there?”

“A gentleman as well as a photographer and a voyeur.” I said.

“Amongst other things.” Alejandro replied. 

Just then, both our Ohmibods got the better of us and we both orgasmed right in front of Alejandro. When we’d got our senses back Alejandro said,

“Are you going to leave those in when you have your massages?”

“Oops no,” I said, “I almost forgot about taking them out. Willow, out now, I’ll switch them off.”  


I / we did, and five minutes later 2 naked girls were walking down the road again, but this time the light was fading and there were more people about. Although a few stared at us, no one said anything and I wished that we’d walked around Ibiza totally naked before.


The receptionist in the massage parlour wasn’t at all phased when we walked in. Alejandro spoke to her in Spanish and shortly afterwards she asked me for the fee. Then, once paid, she pointed to the waiting room.

In there were 3 male and female young couples. The 3 males and 1 of the girls had towels wrapped around their waists, the other 2 girls were more naked than Willow and I (no shoes).

We went and sat down and chatted to Alejandro while we waited. It turned out that he’d met lots of English girls who liked to show-off their bodies saying that it was probably just the hot weather and the fact that they were on holiday. Willow couldn’t resist telling him that we were naked just about all the time back at home in England and that we were often naked at school.

While she was telling him I was watching the 3 couples and saw 2 of the towels start to rise in front of the guys. I also noticed that both Willow and I had, not unexpectedly, sat with our legs open and all 3 guys were looking at our pussies.

I smiled and did some kegels.


One couple got called for and I wondered if they were both going to the same room for massages or if they were being boring and going to separate rooms.


Then it was our turn. As we went into the room Alejandro and Felipe greeted each other like old friends and I guessed that Alejandro was telling Felipe that we wanted to be videoed.

Felipe was smiling as he turned to Willow and I and asked who was going first.

“Can you go first please V?” Willow asked, “I want the after shocks to go on as long as  they can after we leave here.”

“Sure, but we can use the Ohmibods to help with that.”

“Good, I want to be cumming when we arrive at Groper’s Bar.”

Alejandro got himself organised and Felipe went to get something. Willow and I went over to the open doors to the ‘square’, or whatever it was and stepped out.

I could see people everywhere, standing talking, sitting at tables talking, walking through, and young people kicking a ball around. We stood there, totally naked and waited to see if anyone would notice us. I hoped that they would and wander over to watch Willow and me getting massaged.

It took a few minutes for Alejandro and Felipe to get organised and during that time one of the footballers saw us and said something to his mates. As they walked over we turned and went in. I sat on the massage table and Willow went and sat on the front edge of one of the chairs, spreading her legs as she did so.

Once Alejandro and Felipe were ready I was told to lay on my stomach. As I did so I spread my legs as far as the table would allow.

I smiled and felt happy, I was about to get a truly awesome massage and to top it off it was all going to be recorder on a video. I wondered if Alejandro would record the people outside watching and Willow who was probably jilling off as she watched.

And that’s what happened; identical to the previous time we were there except that I knew what was coming and the anticipation just made it better.

Again, I lost control of my brain and body when Felipe started finger fucking me and lifting me right up each time that he thrust his fingers into my vagina.

The next thing that I remember was getting moments of lucidity, Willow holding my hand and smiling as she looked down on me. 

As my moments of near normality got longer I saw that Felipe was nowhere to be seen but Alejandro was there, still videoing my every giggle, body jerk and pussy spasm. 

Eventually I managed to sit up and I heard Alejandro say,

“Felipe will be back in a few minutes to do you Willow. He told me that he gave you more time than he usually takes because it was such a pleasure working on such and appreciative, beautiful girl. Don’t worry Willow, he said that you will get the full works as well. Another beauty he said.”

“He made me cum just watching him work on V. If I pass out will you wake me straight away so that I don’t miss anything?”

“For sure Willow,” Alejandro said, “but Felipe tells me that is usually the women who don’t orgasm very often that pass out and you sure as hell do not come into that category.”

Willow smiled and I had another little after-shock orgasm.

That over, I slid my butt off the table, this time holding on to Alejandro’s arm to make sure that I didn’t end up in a heap on the floor. Just as I was starting to get short periods of normality, Felipe came back and said that he was ready for Willow. She eagerly jumped up onto the table and lay on her stomach with her legs spread wide.

As I sat on the front edge of the chair I looked outside and saw the mesmerised young people staring up between Willow’s legs. Inside, Alejandro was recording the ‘before’ images of Willow’s cute little butt and already very wet pussy.


Willow too got the full works from Felipe, and I swear that it took longer than the previous time; and she didn’t pass out. During that time I too had had a few involuntary, mini orgasms, and a couple caused by me touching my clit. Even the slightest touch triggered an orgasm.


When Felipe was finished I went and stood next to Willow. Alejandro had put his camera on the table between her legs so it was recording evert twitch and spasm of her pussy.

“Can we have a copy of the videos that you’ve taken today please Alejandro?” I asked.

“Of course you can, do you want a copy of the original or the edited version?”

“The original please, we don’t just want to see what Pedro is using to promote his gym, if that’s what he really wanted you to video us for.”

“He will probably use the videos to encourage men to join his gym. After all, men will go there just to see if you are there again.”

“I guess that I can understand that. Can you get a piece if paper and a pen please?”

He did and I let go of Willow’s hand and wrote, 
vanessaevans69@hotmail.com   
then gave Alejandro the piece of paper back.

“Give me a couple of days and a link should be in your Inbox.”

“Than you Alejandro, and thank you for looking after us over the last few days.”

“You’re so welcome Vanessa, and tell your little nymph sister thank you as well. It’s been a real pleasure in more ways that one.”

With that Alejandro left and I turned back to Willow. She was starting to get giggle free periods and when I thought the time was right I swung her legs over the side of the table and pulled her to her feet.

I waited for a few seconds then we slowly started walking back to the waiting room. There was one middle-aged man sat with a towel round his waist and two totally naked teenage girls. I smiled at the girls and said hello.

“Is she alright?” One of them asked.

“Better than alright.” I replied.

All 3 of them watched as I helped Willow to the shower where I washed her, then me, then got a fresh towel to dry her then me. Willows periods of sensibility started to get longer and she was able to follow me out of the shower unaided.

“That was fucking awesome.” Willow said, loud enough to be heard by people out on the street. “I’ve got to tell Jon.”

“Wait, we’ve got to get these back in before we go looking for Jon.” I said getting our Ohmibods out of my bag.

Willow took hers, half squat and pushed her Ohmibod into her vagina triggering another orgasm. I quickly did the same whist looking at the middle aged man as an orgasm hit me. The faces on the man and the girls was priceless.

Orgasms receding, Willow was in so much of a hurry to tell Jon that she didn’t even wait to put any clothes on and I had to gather our things and quickly walk after her. She was about half way to the bar down the road when another after shock orgasm hit her. I thought about getting our skirts out of my bag and putting one on her and one on me but the orgasm passed and she started walking again.

We found Jon sitting at a table outside the bar.

“This is so cool, all I have to do is touch my clit and I have an orgasm.” Willow said as she marched up to him.

To test her Jon reached over and touched her clit and off she went again.

“Does it work with you as well V?”

“Probably, it’s been longer since my massage finished but try it.”

Jon did and another after shock orgasm hit me.

“Okay girls, where are your belt skirts? Did someone pinch them?”

“No, this little one couldn’t wait to tell you how much she’d enjoyed herself.”

“I see, well I think that you should put them on. Okay they don’t cover all of your butts nor your pussies but at least they give the impression that you’re wearing something. And have you got my phone in your bag V?”

“Yes, sorry.”

As Willow and I put our skirts on and I gave Jon his phone I said,

“Even putting our vibes in triggered an orgasm.”

“You girls are soo lucky.” Jon said, “So many toys, so many ways that you can be made to cum. You can get away with being naked in the middle of town, so lucky, I hope that you appreciate it.”

Willow was listening and she turned and sat on his lap and put an arm round his shoulders. Pressing her little tit into his face she said,

“Yes I / we do. We really are lucky and you really do help us to make the most of it. I wish that all other girls had someone like you. If we weren’t on a public street I’d fuck you right now.”
 
“Thank you princess, but I think that you’d better get off me before someone interprets you thanking me as sexual contact and we could get locked up for that.”

“Yes, sorry. Can we go to Groper’s Bar now, I want the gropers to trigger more orgasms.”

“Don’t you want to eat first?”

“Can we eat later? I want to cum trillions of times.”

“I guess that we could do it that was round, but the bar won’t be as busy.”

“I don’t care, I want strangers to make me cum just by them touching my clit.”

“Okay, let’s go.”

As we started walking Jon added,

“Won’t the vibes get you to a point where just a touch from a stranger will make you cum?”

“Possibly, probably, but this is different.”

“Okay, I don’t understand that, but there again, I’m only a man.”


We had to pass the jeep on the way and Jon got us to change our shoes into heels and to leave everything except out belt skirts locked in the jeep.


“Will they let us into the bar without our tops on Jon?” Willow asked as we started walking again.

“I don’t see why not, the barman was telling me that girls often get naked in there.”

“Now you tell me, I could have been naked all the other times that we’ve been there.”

“He only told me that last night.”

“Oh, okay, I forgive you.”

“Good, if you are going to get naked make sure that you give me your skirt, we don’t want to loose them and you have to walk back to the jeep totally naked.” 

“Don’t worry Jon, I like this skirt, it will make a great school skirt.” Willow replied.

No sooner than she’s finished saying that we had to stop for a minute as another after shock mini orgasm hit her.


The bar wasn’t as quiet as Jon had expected, for some reason there were quite a few young men there, and about half a dozen girls. Some with male hands up the girl’s tops and skirts. Willow wasted no time in unfastening her skirt then picking it up and giving it to Jon. I quickly followed and we were soon surrounded by half a dozed guys, and about 12 hands explored our bodies.

“What the fuck?” One of the men said as his hand triggered an orgasm in Willow.

“She’s only cumming mate. But it was quick, she must have a hair trigger of a clit. Haven’t you seen a girl cum before?”

“Of course I’ve seen a girl cum before; it’s not that, she’s got something sticking out of her cunt.”

One of the men squat down, looked at Willow’s pussy, then turned and looked at mine.

“She’s got one of those remote controlled vibrators in her cunt, they both have.” He said as he got up.

“That won’t stop you fingering her cunt, if it’s not as big as her thigh her cunt will stretch to take your scrawny hand as well.”

Just then Jon activated my Ohmibod and I guessed that he didn’t want me to miss out  on an orgasm.

“Look guys, someone had just turned her vibe on. Must have been that guy that these 2 came in with, where is he?”

“At the bar.” Another one of them said.

“Look what it’s doing to her, the poor girl can hardly stand up.”

He was right, the full power blast that Jon gave me combined with leftovers from Felipe’s administrations was enough to make me cum, and it was a powerful one.   


That start to the evening at the bar sort of set the tone for the next few hours. It turned out that the guys were from a visiting British warship that had anchored outside the harbour. What’s more, word of a bar where men can grope girl’s bodies had spread and more and more sailors arrived. Willow and I were in heaven.

The sailors were good to their shipmates and the guys around us kept changing. I’m sure that all of them had a good grope of us, and saw us both cum at least once. My legs were tired and I guessed that Willow’s were as well as she seemed to be leaning on some of the guys when they had their arms round her to caress her little tits.


Jon kept us supplied with bottle of cola even though the guys constantly offered to buy us stronger drinks.


All good things must come to an end, but it wasn’t the barman or Jon that put an end to the sailors groping us, it was one of them that shouted that they had to get back to the harbour or else they’d miss their boat back to their ship. All of a sudden, the bar was nearly empty leaving Willow and me stood there wearing only our heels.

Jon had been watching and must have decided that it was time for us to leave as well. Surprisingly, Willow didn’t object, although she had just had what I’m sure she would have said was her trillionth orgasm of the night.


As we walked down the alleyway to the road, Jon produced our skirts and offered them to us.

“Thanks, but can we walk to the jeep like this please Jon?” Willow asked.

“Okay, but keep your eyes open for cops. I know that it’s not illegal but I could do without a conversation with a policeman.” Jon replied.


We made it back to the jeep without incidents, that’s if you don’t count a few comments and suggestions from some young men, and were soon driving back to San Antonio, Jon having switched our Ohmibods off before he drove off. 

As Jon parked the jeep in the usual car park we saw 2 girls, both as naked as we were, and 2 men get out of a car. We collected all our belongings then followed the 2 girls part of the way back to our hotel, until they turned off and headed to where we knew there was a nightclub.

Willow realised that she hadn’t eaten all day and asked Jon if we could stop at Burger King.

“Good idea Willow, but maybe you should put your skirts on before we go inside.”

“Do we have to? It’s not like we will be going there again so does it matter if we get thrown out?”

“I guess not, just so long as we’ve got our food first.” Jon replied.


Jon and his 2 naked girls joined the short queue and instantly got stared at by the other ‘happy’ customers.

“Where’s your clothes?” One quite ‘happy’ youth asked.

“Some of your mates pinched them.” Willow replied.

“Lucky bastards, did they fuck you?”

“No, we kicked them in the balls and ran off.”

“Ouch, better not upset you 2 then.”

“No, it wouldn’t be a good for your health. Do hospitals around here have A&E departments?”


The youth stopped talking.


Jon did the ordering with the staff only having a quick glance at us and I wondered if the counter had given them the impression that we were just topless.

We sat on one of the outside table to eat our food and we probably just looked topless to anyone who just glanced at us. Jon finished his food first and made it difficult for Willow and I to finish ours by switching our Ohmibods on and driving us crazy.

“Just shaking up your stomachs to make it easier for them to digest your food.” He jokingly said. 

“Maybe he was actually right.” I thought.


Once finished, it was a short walk back to the hotel where we had a quick shower then collapsed on the bed.


