Heather and Robert
by TigerKitten28

Part 2

------------------------
--- Awakening ---
------------------------

If middle school was spent getting comfortable with our changing bodies, high school was a time of sexual awakening. The sexual tension between us had been slowly growing since we were nine years old playing video games shirtless together. Now at 15 it was palpable but not something we acted on. The tipping point was a random Tuesday. You were in the boy's bathroom at school washing your hands. A senior boy that you knew had a history of trouble making came in. He was looking for something. He had something in his hand. You realized he was looking for a hiding place. The boy says "shit, he's coming. Here dude take these". He unzips your bookbag and shoves something in and rezips it before going into a stall.

Mr. Tate, the assistant principal and known hard ass, came in just as the boy was closing the stall door. Mr. Tate grabbed the door and the kid as you dried your hands. Mr. Tate said "contraband.....hand it over". The kid started to explain he had none as you left the bathroom. You were worried about whatever that dude gave you so you did not open your bookbag the rest of the day. You even borrowed a pencil in last period for the quiz because you were not touching that zipper until you were safely at home.

After school as we unlocked the shed you told me the story. I said "what did he give you?" You said "I don't know. I didn't look yet". We went in and immediately opened your bookbag to discover what contraband you'd received. It was three rolled up sex magazines published in late 1987. They had BDSM themes. We were stunned, but we also flipped through the pages looking at all the pictures. It was beyond fascinating and it was another data point towards proving my point, your dick was the best looking dick. There were lots of naked girls of all body types and varieties. It was a gold mine for kids like us with slow internet, net nannies, and being too young to buy porn.

In the following days, we each spent some time looking through the magazines. You were drawn to all the photos and depictions of submissive females and drawn to the idea of dominant males. You weren't ready to share that so you kept it to yourself. I was really intrigued by the articles, that you completely skipped. There was a fascinating one about how you can be a strong feminist female leader in normal life and still enjoy and crave being dominated by a male in the bedroom. According to the article a lot of women enjoy Recreational Misogyny. I identified with the women interviewed a lot.

Another article was a descriptive list of Recreational Misogyny punishments for female submissives. Some were mild and some were extreme. I found myself getting aroused as I read. I thought back to the feeling I had when I wanted you to help me act out the clothesline scene. I think these desires have been building in me this whole time. I flagged the pages I found most interesting and mentioned you should read them. The next day you said "are you like....interested in.....Recreational......Misogyny?" I blushed but admitted "I am. I think I have been for a while and didn't know it. It might be partly why I like our CMNF dynamic. I just learned that term, but it's perfect " You said "I think I am more interested in it than I originally thought.....what.....what should we do about it?"

I said "well, I would love to experience some of them. I really only trust you though. Would it ruin our friendship if we did this?" You said "I always worried about that too. It's a risk." I said "but there is a chance it will make our friendship better though too". You said "yeah. Very good point. Ok, let's not do anything today. Let's sleep on it and talk tomorrow". You said "ok". Then I left my clothes on and we just played video games as friends.

------------------------------------------
--- Recreational Misogyny ---
------------------------------------------
The next day we talked and laid out ground rules as recommended in the magazines. I brought a locket on a gold chain that I got as a gift a couple years ago. That was the visual symbol I was being submissive and wanted misogyny. With the necklace on, we agreed that you were in complete control and my 'equal rights' were temporarily suspended. I could remove the necklace any time I wished to go back to normal. The other thing we settled on was the safeword: alligator, in case I couldn't remove my necklace or couldn't remove it fast enough.

Then, with the rules set, I slowly and ceremoniously put the necklace on. You had read the articles on being the best authoritarian and disciplinarian and was looking forward to trying out your new powers. You said "ok Heather. Get all your clothes off and you will call me Mr. Robert." I said "yes Mr. Robert". I stripped in the shed like I had so many times before, but this time it FELT different. Usually I was just very comfortable and relaxed naked around you. This time I tingled with arousal. You said "hands on your head, legs apart". I said "yes Mr. Robert". I assumed the position.

You stood in front of me looking at me in a new way, different than usual. You touched me just under my left breast dragging your fingertip across my skin. My breath caught in my chest. You traced down my stomach to my pubes and gave them a tiny tug. You said "I am going to punish you Heather. Do you know why?" I thought and couldn't think of anything. I said "no Mr. Robert, why?" You said "because we need to cure you of your notions that you are equal to me, equal to a man. You are a little girl and you need to learn your place". I nodded, unable to speak with all the excitement inside me. You played the part so well that it gave me chills. You were a whole different person right now and it was amazing to see this side of you. It also made me feel small and weak and embarrassed, but in a good way if that makes any sense.

You pulled out a preprepared rope with knots in it and I immediately knew which punishment you'd selected. I had circled and starred ones that intrigued me and this was one of them. You tied one end of the rope to something at one end of the shed. Then you positioned me straddling the rope as you raised it up and tied it to the other end of the shed. The rope wedged into my slit. I went up on my tip toes to escape the pressure. The rope spanned across the area between the TV and chairs. You sat down and started to play video games. You said "ok. Walk to the other end and back. Then we'll talk. Don't dawdle in front of the TV. I'm playing". I said "yes Mr. Robert".

I slowly walked along the rope. It was so rough on my tender pink parts. The knots especially slowed me down and hurt my clit. But it wasn't a bad hurt, it was sort of a good hurt as if that makes any sense. It was as physically awful but emotionally amazing and somehow those things together almost made me climax, almost. By the time I got to one end and backwards walked to where I started my pussy was feeling a little tender. My bubblegum pink parts were a darker irritated pink now. You said "why did we start with this punishment Heather?" It was hard to concentrate. I thought back to what I read in the magazines. I said with a stutter "because....uh.....because....little girls learn best when their.....pussies.....are sore. Punishment works best on their....quintessential girl parts". You said "exactly. Back and forth again. You haven't learned yet". I said "yes Mr. Robert". I slowly and agonizingly walked the rope again. The knots made me whimper this time. The pain was more and my pussy felt positively raw from rope burn. The knots also did a number on my clit which now felt throbby.

You paused the game and got up. You untied one end of the rope and I sighed in relief. You said "how does your pussy feel?" I said "sore....like a rug burn". You said "ok good. That's how little girls should feel between their legs when a boy is teaching them a lesson." You paused as if you were considering whether to cross this next boundary. Our eyes were locked unblinking. It was like a combined soul searching was happening. Then you reached out and touched my pussy, sliding a finger along my slit. I winced but I also hadn't realized how bad I wanted you to touch me like this. It was amazing that you hadn't all these years, but we were at the beginning of a new era. You rubbed my sore slit and tugged at my labia a minute or so. It was a sign of your authority and my submission to present my sore girl parts for you to fiddle with. It was perfect. When you were done, you had me get dressed and we went back to normal for the day. It was baby steps. After ten minutes, my soreness remained, but our interactions truly felt like that didn't just happen. I think we both knew then that our friendship would

Not only did our friendship survive, the addition of so much trust and vulnerability on my side and the strength and leadership on your side made it even stronger. I didn't take the necklace off, not to sleep, not to shower, not for anything. After that first punishment you really leaned into the control I gave up to you. It wasn't punishments every day. It was still mostly the same old Heather and Robert hanging out being best friends. You liked to keep me guessing. I was naked most days though of my own accord. I really did hate wearing clothes, especially around you.

You became more comfortable groping my pussy, ass, tits, and everything else. I loved it. One of the most comforting things imaginable for me was when you'd run your fingers through my hair, and not me head hair either. We'd sit around watching a movie or something and you'd just play with my pubes. I adored it and it made me paradoxically relaxed and horny at the same time. We also both took a strong liking to keeping my pussy a bit sore, but the rope was cumbersome to put up and take down each time.

You were so creative and intelligent that you devised an easier way. One day after I took my clothes off, you said "lay down. Knees up to your chest and open your legs". I said "yes Mr. Robert and did as you told me. You took out that thick rubber band. I was so nervous I thought I was going to wet myself as you pulled it back. Snap snap on the left labia and a quick snap snap on the right labia made me howl and kick my legs. It was perfect though. The right amount of pain to hurt good and an excellent reminder who is in charge when Recreational Misogyny is at play.

There was a profound embarrassment that scratched a certain itch for me when I undressed and presented my pussy. I knew full well you were going to snap my delicate female parts with a rubber band. It was a defining act of Recreational Misogyny to offer up my girl parts to you to inflict a little pain. I think each time it made my face turn beet red, but the wonderful butterflies kept me from ever wanting to stop.

One day you surprised me with a double punishment from the magazines. After I stripped naked and got into what we refereed to as 'rubber band position' you came over and held part of the rubber band against me and stretched the other to near breaking. However you didn't hold it against my labia like I'd been expecting. You held it against my little puckered bottom hole. You used that rubber band and snapped it right on my anus two dozen times while I squealed and kicked my legs. I was bawling by the end but you watched and listened carefully and I never touched the necklace or uttered the safeword. After that my butthole was throbbing. You made me read out loud from the magazine. I remember saying "girls' bottoms are meant for punishment, like spankings, and their bottom holes should be used to discipline her too".

Then you brought out three Oreo cookies. I thought it was part of after care since my anus was really hurting. Instead of cuddling with a snack, you had me I kneel holding the plate as you took your dick out. It was the first time I saw you masturbate. It was awesome to watch. You had been cumming to the memories of me naked but never with me present. I watched happily as you stroked your penis in front of my face. I remember being particularly fascinated by your testicles. It didn't take you long before you made a silly but sexy expression and the quietest little grunts and shot your cum on the cookies.

It was my first experience with semen. I touched it, smelled it and tasted it before eating each one the soggy cookies. It was degrading in exactly the way Recreational Misogyny is supposed to be. It was a tenet of the magazines that a man's cum belongs inside a girl regardless of which hole it has to use to get there. I remember you said "I hope you like eating my cum Heather. This is your first time of many". I said "thank you Mr. Robert for the yummy gift". I actually did like the taste of your cum. It reminded me of raw pancake batter, which is a guilty pleasure for me when making Sunday breakfast, at least a finger full or two. Not that we needed anything to encourage us further, but now that you were able to deal with your teen horniness in a new way, you were even more happy to play my strange Recreational Misogyny games.
