Title: Keep it in the Family
Rating: NC17
Pairing(s): Spike/Xander/Angel
Chapter : 11/18
Previous Chapters : Starts here and follow links at bottom.
scot25 prompt : Telephone
Warning(s): vamp!Xander
Beta(s): Not beta'd but proofread
Disclaimer: Not mine – believe me, if they were I wouldn't be writing about them, I'd be rolling around in a bed with them! 
Summary: What happens when Spike gets a little brother?

They were obviously waiting for someone important. There could be no other reason for them leaving him alone – no teasing, taunting, no threats. He'd checked the back of his head for gaps in his hair but couldn't find any which he guessed meant no chip – yet. Wouldn't it be typical luck for them to get Spike's chip out only for him to be chipped instead? That is if he survived whatever they had planned. He had no illusions – as a fledging he probably held very little interest to the sickos that ran this place. Unless this had something to do with the hyena? Curling up in a corner, he wrapped his arms around himself and tried to imagine he was home with Spike and Angel. But that didn't help because all he could picture was the two of them lying still as corpses when he had been taken – what if Spike never woke up? And what if they thought he had left of his own free will? Or the absolute worst – what if they just didn't care? They were back together – they had no need of him anymore. Rocking backwards and forwards on his heels, he didn't realise that the sad keening noise was coming from him.

The headache from hell kept him lying still on the bed, waiting for the elephants dancing around in his skull to take a bow and leave the stage before attempting to sit up. He turned and realised part of the noise was external – Peaches always did snore when he was sleeping on his back. Giving him a nudge with his elbow, Spike pushed himself into a sitting position against the head of the bed, trying to wake himself up. He felt like he'd been laid out with a sledgehammer, and his brain was definitely not firing on all cylinders.

“Gwhr – whzuzzp” Angel muttered, rolling towards Spike and throwing his arm over his waist. Smirking at what a cuddler the big lunk had turned into, Spike stretched his arms over his head yawning. He looked around the room, then tilted his head but he couldn't hear Xander anywhere.

“Oi. OI Peaches, wake up!”

“Get off, Spike, you have sharp elbows!” Grimacing, Angel tried to roll over the other way but Spike shook him by the shoulder.

“Where's Xander?”

“Whu?! Erm – think he went for some blood five minutes ago”.

“Think it's been longer than that, mate, can't smell him at all.” Scrubbing at his eyes, Angel sat up scowling at Spike. His words finally sinking in, Angel looked around the room and realised that he had slept the day through. So where was Xander?

“How you feeling?” Turning to Spike, he gave him a quick once over. Apart from some pallor, he looked none the worse for wear – in fact, with the large amount of Sire's blood in him, Spike was actually looking better than he had in some time.

“'m good, yeah. Feel fine. Dunno if it's worked – ya ain't got a human stashed away for me to eat have ya?”

“Ha ha!” Shoving the sheets off, Angel turned and got up from the bed. He struggled into a pair of jeans, only slowly realising that the black denim he was trying to pull up his legs were definitely not his size.

“Oi!! You're stretching them out – they'll never fit properly now!”

“They never fit properly in the first place – I'm sure spray-painted went out decades ago Spike”. Shoving the too-tight jeans off, he picked up another pair from the chair, checking they were his before pulling them on, jumping up and down twice to shake himself into them comfortably.

“Says the man with no fashion sense at all. So where is he? Couldn't be arsed to stick around to see if I was alright?” Following Angel's example, Spike got to his feet and pulled on his jeans, scowling as he realised that Angel had indeed managed to stretch them. Fine, the Pouf would just have to get him a new pair – no way was he wearing baggy denim, he'd look worse than Xander.

“I don't know. The last thing I remember is telling him to get some food and then I must have fallen asleep. He was really concerned, very aggravated. Maybe he went for a walk to clear his head?” Scratching his chest, Angel walked to the kitchen and opened the fridge. Noting there was only one packet of blood in there, he remembered vaguely that there were some upstairs. Xander had left his bloody mug on the side and hadn't washed it out – he'd have to have a word with him about it, there was no way he was living with two of them acting like pigs. “I'm going up to get some blood”. Walking slowly up the stairs, he stretched. As he got to the top of the stairs, an unfamiliar scent reached him. Sniffing, he tried to identify it but was having no luck. Shifting to his vampire face, he inhaled deeply. There was something familiar about it but he couldn't quite figure it out.

There was no sign of Xander in the foyer, and he walked behind the reception desk where he had stacked the cooler. For a moment his eyes didn't register what he was seeing, then he shouted down the stairs: “Spike!! Get up here”. The cooler of blood was tipped over on it's side, packets lying in disarray on the floor. Regardless of how messy he might be, Xander wouldn't have left it like this.

He sniffed around the kitchen, picking up a myriad of scents that didn't belong.

“Wot?!” Stomping up the stairs, Spike turned into the foyer. “What the fuck?! Angel – can you smell that? It's – it – it smells like gun oil!”

“Gun oil, sweat and an electric discharge”.

“Oh fuck! I've smelt this before”. Walking over to Angel, Spike had gone pale with fright. “The last time I smelt something like this was back in Sunnydale at the Watchers. It was when that Finn bloke, the Slayer's boyfriend was around”.

“Oh my God, do you think Buffy took him?”

“Hey Will, what did you need me for?” Buffy was feeling slightly grumpy – Riley had said he was coming over to help her patrol but that he couldn't stay afterwards because he had to attend some thing at HQ. Sighing, she looked around the empty shop. She'd been surprised to receive the phone call from Willow asking her to come to the Magic Box – when did she get hold of keys anyhow? - but had contacted Riley and told him to meet her there. It was as good a place as any to start patrol from, and Giles had a couple of new weapons that she wanted to try out that he was being very tight about letting her use. “Oh! You made me jump!”

Willow came out of the kitchen, smiling.

“Sorry, Buff, didn't mean to scare you. Yeah, I wanted your help with some researching if you don't mind. I was looking up a few things – you know we were talking about the truth spell for Xander? And I kinda need a test subject and was hoping you wouldn't mind”.

“You're not gonna ask me any difficult questions are you – you know, like about outfits and stuff? Because we have very different tastes and just because I don't always like what you're wearing doesn't mean it doesn't look good you know?”

“It's okay, no questions like that – promise! Now take a seat, I just need to heat this up a little while longer. And yeah me, I've added it to hot chocolate so it'll taste good too!”

Smiling, Buffy got comfortable at the research table, glad that on this occasion research was going to be confined to drinking hot chocolate – now why couldn't Giles do more research sessions like that? Willow came back bearing a mug that was steaming, and the gorgeous aroma of hot chocolate permeated the room. Accepting the hot drink, she rested it on the table as Willow took the seat opposite her.

“Hey Wills, when did you get keys to here? Or have you heard from Giles?”

“Huh? Oh, yeah Giles lent them to me – no big. Drink up – I don't know if the taste will degenerate if we wait too long”.

“Ok, calm down”. Blowing over the top of the mug, she leaned over, looking at Willow over the top of her drink. “Will – are you alright? I mean, is there any point in doing this if Xander is moving out of Sunnydale?” Whoa!! Willow could give evil looks with the best of them when she wanted to! Avoiding her gaze, Buffy looked around the shop and wondered absently when Giles would be coming back. It was strange going on patrol and not reporting in and she missed him. About to take a sip of her hot chocolate, the phone ringing stopped her, and smiling apologetically at Willow she got up from the table and walked over to the office to pick it up. It was probably Riley...

“Buffy, it's Angel”.

“Oh, hey Angel. What do you want?” 

“Ask her what the fuck she think's she's pla - “

“Alright, I know what I'm doing. Sorry, Buffy. I just wondered if you had heard from or seen Xander?”

“Why would you be interested in whether or not I've heard from Xander?? But no, as it happens, he's doing some bigwig thing for his construction company and he hasn't been home for nearly a week. Why?”

“She's fuckin' lying through her teeth...” 

“SPIKE!! Will you calm down?”

“Give me the friggin' phone!”

"No - your driving is bad enough as it is!! Buffy, look, I know this might sound very strange, but we think something's happened to him?"

"We?? Who's we?"

"Spike".

"Spike's with you? What the heck is going on? And why would you have the bleached menace with you?"

"Look, it's a long story and there isn't time to go into it now. We're on the outskirts of Sunnydale - we tried Revello Drive and your dormitory first. Can you hang on til we get there?"

"Yeah, sure - I guess so. But - "

"Good. See you soon". She looked at the phone, realising that Angel had hung up on her. Now that was just strange, and even bigger wiggins he was with Spike voluntarily?!

"Buffy, what was all that about? Did I hear you mention Xander?" Standing by the door, Willow looked at Buffy questioningly. She wanted Buffy to drink the potion but something involving Xander took precedence, especially if he meant he was coming back to Sunnydale. Maybe she wouldn't have to use the control potion after all.....

"I don't know Will. That was Angel - he's with Spike?!! And they're on their way to Sunnydale".

"What? I don't understand - "

"Nope, me neither. But he and Spike are coming here and it's something to do with Xander". Striding back and forth, Buffy felt agitated. "Look, Willow, I'm going to go work off some of steam - call me when they get here".

"But Buffy, you were going to - "

"Sorry, Will - I'm just not in the mood for truth or dare tonight. Another time ok?" Head down, Buffy walked through to the training room and pulled on some gloves before attacking the punching bag. Seeing Angel always threw her, especially since his rejection of her and going off to LA.

"Dammit" Scowling, Willow stomped back over to the research table, picking up the mug and headed back towards the kitchen. As she turned back the bell over the door rang, and Riley walked in.

"Hey Willow! Is Buffy here?"

"Hi Riley. Yes, she's out back. Listen, Riley - " The bell over the door rang again, and Angel and Spike strode through the door.

"ANGEL!" Riley gasped, going pale. If Angelus was here, then who did they have in a cell at the Initiative, waiting to be unveiled to Maggie tonight?