Author: mypenname3000
Commissioned by: n1one
Title: Instagram Mind-Controlled Daughters Chapter Eight: Helping the MILF and her Naughty Daughter
Summary: The best way to help a feuding mother and daughter is to make them lovers!
Keyword: MF MFF mc inc oral anal A2M facial exhib voy

Bell Carpenter

I slid my pussy down Daddy's cock. It was so wonderful to have all of his big dick in me. We were on the way to the airport. Mom was so kind to drive so I could enjoy Daddy's cock on the way to the airport.

We were flying to see Grandma.

Daddy wasn't going. He didn't get along with Mommy's mommy. Which was a shame, but I was excited to see Grandma and my cousins. It meant a week without Daddy's cock, but that was life, right. You had to have a break from a good thing.

I'm going to sit on your cock just like this when you pick us up, Daddy, I moaned, working my cunt up and down his dick. The wonderful feel of his big cock in me was amazing. I'm going to ride you so hard and make you cum.

Not if we get him first, cooed the twins. My sisters were on either side of us. Jaclyn and Heidi both had such wicked gleams in their eyes.

You both can't ride Daddy, I moaned, my pussy squeezing about his cock. I'm the baby of the family! I get him first! That's fair.

I think it should be the oldest, Ann-Katherine said from the front seat. Firstborn's daddy privilege.

He's my husband, girls, Mom reminded us. Be thankful your father has enough stamina that he can fuck you all and still keep me happy or... No more dick for you.

But Chaz says, all four of us said at the same instant.

Daddy chuckled as he gripped my rump. Good guy Chaz knows I can handle all my women.

That's right, Mom said. You got him last, so you don't get him first. I do. Sorry. Wifey privileges.

Mothers are supposed to sacrifice for their children, I gasped, my pussy clinging to Daddy's cock. I worked up and down him, loving his thick girth.

Mmm, but you're eighteen, Bell. No more sacrificing. I get to have my husband whenever I want. You're adults. Get the law changed so he can marry you, too.

Yes, Ann said. That sounds perfect. Mmm, so going to law school for that.

Or Chaz could arrange it, said Mom.

I'll ask him, groaned Daddy. Damn, Bell, just work that tight pussy up and down my cock. You're going to make me cum so hard!

I squealed in delight and kissed him. I thrust my tongue into his mouth as I worked my pussy up and down his cock. When I go through TSA, I wanted to have a pussy full of my daddy's cum just the way a good daughter should. Chaz taught me so much. I almost became a THOT slut, but Chaz showed me the error of my ways. Now I loved Daddy's cock way more than showing my body off on the internet to pathetic, horny guys who gave me money.

I worked up and down him faster and faster. I shuddered, loving his big dick in me. Daddy's cock was the only cock I needed. The only cock I had ever had. I squeezed my snatch around him, massaging his shaft.

He groaned into my lips, his hands squeezing my rump. He kneaded my ass with his naughty hands. I loved the feeling as I worked my cunt up and down his cock. I savored every last second of this delight. It was so hot plunging my twat down his dick and sliding back up him.

He broke our kiss to groan, Damn, that's good.

It was so good. Just so amazing to have all this pleasure sweeping through me. I groaned, loving the delight. It was so hot having his big dick in me. I rose toward my incestuous orgasm. That mighty burst of delight.

Daddy, Daddy! I moaned as we pulled into the airport. Cars passed us by. I want you to fill me with all your cum! I just want to have your seed in me!

Sure thing, he groaned as I plunged my cunt down his dick. I took every inch of him. 

I hurtled closer and closer to cumming. His cock reached so deep into me. He was way better than a vibrator. This was just the sort of passion that a girl needed. I was so glad to have this delight with him. Just so thrilled to be able to cum on his cock.

I squeezed my pussy around him as I rode up him. He groaned as Mom pulled over to the curb. The announcer spoke something about the White Zone as I plunged down Daddy's big dick. My clit ground into his pubic bone.

Daddy! I squealed and came on him.

My hot twat convulsed around Daddy's big dick. I shuddered and bucked the pleasure rushing through me. So much rapture swept through my body. I groaned at all this heat that swept through me. It was just so amazing to have all this ecstasy rushing through me.

Cum in me, Daddy! I groaned, his hands squeezing my ass. Ring my bell!

Fuck! he groaned and erupted.

He pumped his cum into my snatch. He fired blast after blast of his spunk into my snatch. He filled me up with all that cum. I loved it so much. I shuddered, savoring the bliss rushing through my body. It was outstanding having all those waves of cum surging through me.

I groaned, my face twisting with delight as he filled me with his seed. His cum pumped into my womb. I hoped he would breed me, I wanted my daddy's baby so much. I shuddered as he groaned, his fingers squeezing into my ass.

Daddy! I moaned as I rested my head on his shoulder. 

My baby girl, he groaned, the doors opening. My twin sister climbed out. Mmm, you have to get going. You don't want to miss your flight.

That wouldn't be so bad, she cooed.

You need to see your grandmother, I said. That's important. She loves you, too.

I know. I shuddered. I want to see her, too, Daddy, but... I'll miss you.

I'll miss you, too, he said and kissed me.

I loved the smooch, but we had to get moving. I climbed off him and scooted out while he put his cock away. He followed me out and pulled the twins to him. He kissed them at the same time, sharing a three-way kiss with them. They both smiled at him.

Ann-Katherine thrust her tongue into Daddy's mouth as she kissed him with passion. She was practically humping him right there. But we had to catch our flight, so she pulled away. Then Mom came in for her kiss.

They had a passionate one. Daddy even lifted Mommy off the ground. I smiled at how much they loved each other. That was so sweet. He let her down and murmured something to her. She answered him before she broke away. He went to the trunk and pulled out suitcases, handing them off. 

Then we were heading inside as he waved goodbye.

See you in a week, Daddy! I cried, his cum running down my thigh. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Derrick Carpenter

I was lounging on the couch with the business channel on going over the first month of earnings from my new porn company. Professor Reyns's debut gangbang movie made us some good money, and her all-Black followup had been a complete smash. A few other women I had sent were also getting fucked hard.

The vacuum cleaner came to life as Izzy, our live-in bang-maid was cleaning. She had spent the night getting filled with my cum in all my holes while I sexted with my wife and daughters. They were at my mother-in-law's place.

Thank god, she hated me. I loathed her. She was a vile woman, at least to me, but she was a great-grandmother. My wife got along pretty well with her mother, too. Gertrude and I were just oil and water, and I didn't see the need to fix it.

I certainly didn't want to fuck that dried-up hag, so I didn't bother with Chaz.

My wife texted me as I turned the TV off. I grabbed my phone and read Karin's message: 

My friend Jenny is not getting along with her daughter. She and Matti are fighting. Maybe you can straighten them out. Here are their Instagram posts. Let me know how great fucks they are. I'm hoping to have a threesome with Jenny and Matti when I get back.

Damn. My cock throbbed. Izzy came out, working the vacuum cleaner in her sexy maid's uniform. A slutty French style with a short skirt and low-cut bodice. She smiled at me as she vacuumed, her eyes falling on my cock.

Do you need my mouth, Master? she asked.

No, no, I said, picturing Jenny. She was a hot and busty redhead, a friend of my wife and a single mom. My dick was aching at the idea of fixing her and her daughter. My wife was such a horny woman. She wanted a threesome with her friend and her friend's daughter.

My wife was turning into a slut for other women. What was she getting up to...

I pushed that down. If it was just with other women while she was away, I wouldn't care. I was fucking other women. It was fair. No men, though. That was going too far. I checked out the post and read about Jenny's frustration with her daughter. The other post was Matti complaining about her mother.

Overbearing was used a lot. Prude. Boomer. Things like that. 

I couldn't tell if Matti was just being too rebellious and worrying her mother or if Jenny was being too uptight and controlling of her daughter. I had a feeling the truth lay in the middle. Matti was nineteen and spreading her wings while Jenny, a single mother who had her share of bad luck with men, didn't want her daughter to make all the same mistakes.

Well, that was where Good Guy Chaz came in. I launched into my alter-ego's Instagram post to straighten it all out. I just needed to fuck the two women, get them to fuck each other, and things would be good to go between them.

On Matti's post, I commented: Derrick Carpenter is coming over to straighten out things with you and your mom. Do everything he says.

If Chaz says this will fix things with you and your moms, then listen, a friend of Matti said. I just know it'll work out.

Another friend posted just a row of purple hearts. 

I switched to Jenny's post and commented nearly the same thing. Derrick Carpenter is coming over to straighten out things with you and your daughter. Do everything he says.

Listen to my husband, Karin commented beneath mine. Chaz is always right, and he knows my husband is going to fix things up. Trust me, Chaz helped us out with our daughters. Especially Bell.
My phone beeped a second later. A text from Karin: Yeah, go straighten their pussies out!

I rolled my eye at my wife's enthusiasm as I stood and put on some clothes. I told Izzy to keep cleaning the house then she was free for the afternoon. She kissed me goodbye as I headed out the door. She was a good family sex slave.

The usual queue of men to fuck the neighborhood's free-use slut was lined up across the street, one guy fucking her hard. Many of them didn't even live here, but when they heard there was free pussy to use, they came over. Her cunt was gaping all the time and just dripping in cum. Her husband's marriage to his sister was next month.

Such happy times.

It took about fifteen minuets to get across town to where Jenny and her daughter lived. They had a modest, one-story ranch in an older neighborhood. The paint was fading and the lawn had more clover than grass, but it was in pretty good shape. I parked behind Matti's beat-up Toyota. The car was a decade older than her at least. Jenny had a newer Mazda that might just be Matti's age.

I headed up to the front door and knocked.

Jenny opened it wearing a pair of yoga pants and an old WSU T-shirt, red with a gold cougar on the front. I'm so glad you could come over and help us out, Derrick. I just can't get through to Matti.

Because I'm not a little kid any longer! Matti shot back. She was dressed in a pair of trendy shorts with a belly shirt that hugged her round breasts. Her dyed-purple hair swayed around her youthful and petulant face. I can go and have fun.

Without a bra on? demanded Jenny. And when did you get your nipples pierced!

Last month, Matti said. Her top was so tight and the fabric so thin, I could see the impression of the rings threaded through her nipples. They're nice, right, Mr. Carpenter.

Don't even thrust those breasts out at him, hissed Jenny. He's a married man.

So was my last boyfriend, said Matti. He knew what he was doing.

Do you see! Jenny said, throwing her hands up in the air. She's going to be pregnant by twenty to some loser who she'll be lucky sends her any child support. I know what sort of a headache that is.
Dad's not a loser, said Matti. He just gets behind sometimes. He tries!

He lies, Jenny said. Your father is

Smart enough not to get saddled down with some emotional wench that poked holes in the condom so she could trap him with a baby!

It broke, Jenny said. And he bought the damned condom and kept going even when he knew it had broke. Asshole said he would pull out and

Ladies, quiet, I said.

They both closed their mouths, ready to do whatever I said. It was clear that these two needed to come together in incestuous passion. I smiled as I stared at them, so ready for the fun to begin. My dick was so hard.

First, I need you two to get naked, I said. You two have to learn to trust each other and to love each other. More importantly, you have to be open and honest with each other, and that starts by being unashamed of each other's bodies, so... Strip.

The pair both did. They pulled off their tops. For Jenny, that meant exposing a gray sports bra and cradling her tits while for Matti, it meant having her perky boobs on display, her pink nipples pierced by silver rings. She wiggled out of her shorts, next, stripping down to a thong. 

The mom popped off her sports bra, her big boobs spilling out. They were large but also fake. I had no idea her tits weren't real. They were nicely done, though. I smiled at them as she shoved off her yoga pants and panties all in one go. Her daughter peeled off her thong.

Both were shaved, the mother's pussy lips thicker while the daughter had a tight and virginal-looking slit. 

I nodded at what I was seeing. Good, good. Now, compliment each other's tits.

I like your stripper boobs, Mom, said Matti.

How is that a compliment? I asked.

I mean, I did get them when I was a stripper, said Jenny, her cheeks bright red. That was how I afford the down payment on this house. Um, I like how your nipple rings make your boobs cuter.

Thanks, Mom, Matti said. They do make them cuter. Way cuter than your fake tits. I mean

No more of that, I said, not interested in another back and forth between the mother and the daughter. It's time for some team building. Mothers and daughters are a team that needs to work together. So... I unsnapped my jeans and opened my fly. Suck my cock and make me cum on your faces. You'll have to switch off on blowing me, sharing me, and turning me on all at the same time.

Sure, Derrick, Jenny said as she dropped to her knees, her large tits jiggling.

Yeah, I can do that, said Matti. Never shared a cock before. I'm sure Mom did back in her stripper days.

Jenny's jaw tightened. I did. So pay attention. We should start by licking at him. That's a good way to share a dick. I'm sure you know how to do that.

I've sucked a few dicks before, Mom, said Matti. I'm nineteen not nine.

She joined her mother on her knees and leaned in, grabbing my cock. She licked at the side and dragged her tongue upward. I shuddered as she did that. The heat swept through me as she climbed higher and higher. Her mother joined her, sliding her tongue up my other side.

They both reached the tip at about the same moment and flicked their tongues together. Matti gasped and pulled back, this look of shock on her face at brushing her mother's tongue while Jenny just licked at his slit.

Mom! gasped Matti.

We're going to brush, she said. Get over it. That's just how sharing a cock works. Now get back in and lick at him. We have to get him to cum on our faces. Kiss the crown of his dick with me.

Fine, fine, Matti muttered, her cheeks scarlet. She nuzzled in and kissed at the tip of my cock. So did her mother. Their lips were almost touching as they both smooched my cock.

They kissed around my tip. It was hot as they did brush. That sent such delight rushing through me. I shuddered as their lips brushed each other. They were almost kissing each other. That was so hot to watch.

It would help you relax if you kiss each other, I said. Nothing wrong with mother and daughter kissing, right?

Of course not, Jenny said and kissed her daughter. 

Matti's eyes were so wide as her mother kissed her. I smiled at the incestuous kiss. Their lips worked together. Jenny thrust her tongue into her daughter's mouth. Matti shuddered, still looking shocked by what was happening.

It was hot to watch them doing that. I loved it as their lips melted together. Their tongues danced together. It was a delicious sight to witness. They both moaned while my cock throbbed. I smiled down at them, nodding in approval.

Matti broke the kiss and gasped, Wow, Mom.

Mmm, I've made out with a few women in my day, she said. Now, we have a cock to get off. It's hot having a guy cum on your face.

Matti blinked in shock as her mother went back to smooching at my dick. Matti licked her lips before joining her mother and kissing at the crown of my cock. Their lips brushed. Tongues flicked out across my spongy tip, the sweeping delight delicious.

Then the mother swallowed my cock. Jenny just worked her lips over my crown and sealed around my base. She suckled hard. I groaned, loving the feel of her doing that. It was a wild rush having her nurse on my cock. I enjoyed it immensely.

Matti licked her lips and watched her mother bobbing her head. Jenny suckled with passion. Her cheeks hollowed as she loved my cock with all that she had. It was like she was showing off, proving to her daughter that her mother knew how to have fun.

Wow, Matti said. I mean... How's she doing, Mr. Carpenter.

Amazing, I groaned. Can't wait for your turn.

Matti blushed and squirmed in place. Her round tits jiggled, her nipple piercings gleaming. I loved the sight as her mother suckled hard. I groaned as the pressure swelled at the tip of my cock. Jenny was skilled at this.

Very, very skilled.

Jenny popped her mouth off and handed her cock off to her daughter. Matti took in a deep breath then slid her pink lips over my cock. The cutie suckled, too. Not as hard as her mother, but her tongue was way more active.

She swirled her tongue around the crown of my dick. She drove me wild with that hot mouth of hers. I groaned as my nuts twitched. She bobbed her head, working her pink lips up and down my cock. The pressure built and built in my balls

Damn, I groaned as I enjoyed the daughter's blowjob. Oh, damn, that's so good. Your daughter takes after you.

I guess so, said Jenny. That was what I was trying to avoid.

She just needs to focus her energies, I said. Under your guidance. I shuddered. Fuck!

Matti suckled hard on me, her eyes twinkling with delight. I could tell she liked being compared to her mother. It got her off. I smiled down at the girl. She just wanted her mom to see her as an adult, and she was proving she was one.

I loved how she suckled at me. She nursed with such force on me. I was passionate. Amazing. I savored every last second of her nursing on me. I groaned as her mother nuzzled in, clearly wanting her turn sucking my dick.

Share, purred the mother.

The daughter rolled her eyes until she saw my expression. She slid her lips off my cock and purred, Of course, Mom.

Thank you, Jenny said, clearly noticing her daughter's momentary refusal. 

She swallowed my cock again. I groaned at the passion of her mouth. She bobbed her head and hummed, adding that buzzing thrill to the delight of her blowjob. This was an incredible rush. I was so glad to experience this.

I was enjoying myself immensely as that hot mouth suckled on me. I groaned, loving how she nursed on me with that hot mouth of hers. She bobbed her head, sliding those lips up and down as her daughter squirmed there, eager for her turn.

The momma just kept suckling with this amused twinkle in her eyes as her daughter squirmed more. Matti wiggled her cute hips, making those lush tits of hers jiggle. She whimpered and rubbed her cheek into her mother's.

Jenny slid off and said, Oh, did you want a turn.

We have to work together, Mom, Matti said before she swallowed my dick.

I loved having that hot mouth working up and down my cock. The younger of the Bristol women had such a delicious tongue. She stroked it all around my dick, sending such delight sweeping down my shaft. The pressure in my nuts swelled.

I groaned as I enjoyed the daughter's technique. The mom started licking at the shaft, her tongue stroking my dick. The warmth of it added a nice touch to the bliss. I was enjoying this so much. Matti suckled hard, her lips sliding up.

She popped off and her mom took over.

I groaned as mother and daughter were getting into working together. They were trading off, sucking for a few moments before switching. Drool ran down their chins as the living room rang with the wet smacks of their lips and their naughty slurps.

Ooh, suck off Mr. Carpenter, Mom, Matti said. He's got to cum on our faces.

Ooh, ooh, that's my babygirl, Jenny purred. You work those plump lips up and down. He needs to jizz all over our faces.

Back and forth. It was so hot having mother and daughter take turns. Their mouths were both amazing. They were both fantastic. I loved every bit of this. It was a wonderful rush to have them suckling on me. I groaned as I rose toward my climax.

I hurtled closer and closer to bursting. Just closer and closer to exploding. I wanted to just pump my cum into their mouths. It was a wonderful delight. That hot mouth suckled on me. I loved every last second of it. 

I was so ready for my orgasm. God, I groaned. Keep going.

Matti popped her mouth off and gasped, Yes, yes, you have to jizz on our faces, Mr. Carpenter!

Her mother moaned around my cock as she suckled on me, completely agreeing with her daughter. The mom suckled with such passion, her red hair swaying around her face as she bobbed her head. It was such a delicious sight to notice.

I'm almost there, I groaned. Get ready!

Jenny ripped her mouth off and pressed her face against her daughter's. My wife's friend fisted my dick as she stared up at me. So did Matti. The barely legal cutie had the same shade of green eyes as her mother. Even with their different hair colors, they looked so much alike.

Come on our faces, Derrick, moaned Jenny.

Just jizz all over us, Mr. Carpenter, Matti begged.

God, yes, I growled, the pressure bursting at the tip of my cock. 

My cum splashed across both their faces. I drenched mother and daughter with my pearly jizz. I groaned with each eruption, the ecstasy slamming into my mind. Stars burst across my vision as I unloaded on the two beauties.

Yes, I growled as I pumped more and more cum on their faces.

Mr. Carpenter! the daughter gasped as my spunk splashed across her brow.

I drenched them in my seed. The mother thrust out her tongue, catching my tongue on hit while her daughter just opened her mouth wide. My spunk landed in their hair. It dripped onto their boobs as more and more of jizz erupted from my cock.

Pleasure slammed through me with each spurt. I groaned as I basted them in my cum. I loved it, the pleasure sweeping through me. It was so wild to enjoy this delicious moment. The mother fisted my dick and worked out the last spurts of cum.

Now lick it off each other and share it, I said. Snowball my cum back and forth.

Mother and daughter turned to each other and did just that. Their tongues stroked over the other's cheek or chin. They gathered up the pearly jizz and met in an incestuous kiss. Their tongues danced together as they shared the delight.

It was hot watching them pass my spunk back and forth. They both moaned as they did that. Their pink tongues flashed as they traded my salty spunk between them. I groaned as they broke the kiss to lick up more spunk.

Jizz dripped onto their tits as they kissed again.

That's it, I said. Mother and daughter should work together. Share. Be united. Just like that.

They moaned as they shoveled my cum into the other's mouth. They kissed until they needed more jizz. There was plenty to lick off cheeks and foreheads. Their tongues flicked out across the other's faces before they met in another passionate kiss.

But I think you two can get even closer, I said. There's been a lot of hurt between you, but let's heal that with orgasms. Jenny, a good mother is always willing to eat out her daughter's pussy. To show her just how much she loves her by making her cum the way only a mother can.

Oh, wow, said Jenny. Okay, I can do that. Um, Matti, just lie down.

Never had a girl go down on me, Matti said as she leaned back, cum still coating her face.

Oh, it's a wonderful experience, said Jenny. She leaned down and pressed her face down into that pussy. I've gone down on most of my friends. Just lovely way to pass an evening when you there's no men around.

Wow, said Matti as she spread her legs, her boobs jiggling. 

The mother knelt between her daughter's spread thighs and leaned down to eat out her daughter. I moved behind Jenny and watched as she pressed her face into that shaved twat. It was so hot to see them cross that incestuous line.

Matti gasped as her mother started eating her out. The girl shuddered, her boobs jiggling. I loved the sight as I moved into position. I pressed my cock into Jenny's pussy and just thrust into her cunt as she ate out her daughter.

But I didn't fuck her. I let my cock marinate. 

Oh, Derrick, moaned Jenny. Your wife told me how hung you were. Ooh, yes, yes, she wasn't boasting. Your cock is amazing.

My wife told her that? Damn. Well, I was glad I lived up to my wife's boasts. I pulled my cock out of Jenny's pussy as she devoured her daughter's cunt. She feasted on the girl, just licking and lapping at her. I loved the sounds as I pushed my dick against Jenny's asshole.

She just kept feasting on her daughter as I pushed my cock again that tight anal ring. The mother moaned as her asshole widened to take my shaft. I thrust harder and popped into her bowels. It was just an incredible rush to sink into her velvety hole.

I loved the velvety texture of her asshole. She had such a tight backdoor. I gripped her hips as I sank into her bowels. This was just the perfect moment. It was such an amazing moment to sink into Jenny's bowels.

Oh, Derrick, she moaned into her daughter's cunt. Oh, that's so good.

Ooh, anal, groaned Matti. That's hot. And... God, Mom, you're good at that. Oh, wow, you got a tongue. Mommy!

Mmm, I'm going to make you cum because I love you, Matti! 

I love you, too, Mommy!

I smiled at their bonding as my cock bottomed out in Jenny's asshole. I loved being in the MILF's tight ass. I slid my hands up her sides as I savored her velvety hole. I gripped her big boobs and squeezed them, feeling the silicone implants.

They felt so much like my wife's tits. I gripped them and drew back. She moaned into her daughter's cunt as her asshole gripped my cock. The velvety heat was incredible. It melted up my dick and to my balls. I loved how they soaked in them.

I thrust back into her anal sheath. I buried to the hilt in her bowels. I fucked her hard and fast. I buried deep into her. Hard. She moaned as I pumped away at her. She squeezed down on me. The pleasure swept through me.

God, you're so good at fucking, Derrick, moaned Jenny. Oh, wow, that's it. Pound me. Fuck me so hard!

Yes, yes, fuck my mommy! Matti gasped. Ooh, that's just so great. It's fantastic, Mommy! Ooh, ooh, lick my cunt. Just lap at me. Oh, I'm going to drown you, Mommy!

Drown your mother! I grunted as I fucked over and over into her bowels. I thrust deep into her bowels, the pressure in my nuts building. 

It was hot having that pressure swelling as I fucked the mother. I pounded her anal sheath with all that I had. I kneaded her big boobs. She moaned into her daughter's pussy. Matti gasped. Her firm titties jiggled as she humped against her mother's lips.

Matti fell onto her back, her tits bouncing. She grabbed her mother's red hair, clutching the fiery curls. The barely legal cutie squirmed on her back as she enjoyed getting her pussy eaten by her mother. It was a hot sight.

I loved it.

I drank it in as I pound Jenny's asshole. My heavy nuts slapped into her taint. That was just perfect. I loved it. I savored that delight as I pounded her anal sheath. I fucked her bowels with all that I had. She squeezed down on me

Derrick, she moaned. Oh, Karin was so lucky to meet you!

I was lucky to meet her, I groaned as I buried into Jenny's asshole.

She purred her delight as she feasted on her daughter's cunt. I savored burying into that hot asshole as she devoured her daughter. Matti squeezed her thighs around her mother's face, squirming. Those lovely tits jiggled.

Mommy! she gasped. Oh, my god, Mommy! Yes!

She bucked as she clearly came. I loved the sight of the cumming cutie. The nineteen-year-old girl tossed her head, her purple hair flying as she climaxed and climaxed hard. She cried out in pleasure as she drowned her mother.

Oh, baby, whimpered Jenny, her bowels clamping down on my aching dick. Oh, yes, yes, that's so good. You taste so amazing! Yes!

The mother's asshole convulsed around my cock. I groaned as I buried to the hilt in her. I loved the way her sheath rippled around me. She suckled at me with that hot and velvety hole. I groaned as I pumped away at her bowels. I fucked her hard. Fast.

The pressure in my nuts swelled. I grunted, squeezing her boobs as she moaned into her daughter's asshole. The rippling of the sexy mom's asshole was an incredible rush to feel. I buried to the hilt in her bowels, loving the pressure.

Shit! I groaned and erupted.

I pumped my cum into her asshole. 

I flooded her with blast after blast of cum, the ecstasy sweeping through me. Stars burst across my vision as I filled her up with my cum. She shuddered, her bowels suckling at me. I loved how they rippled about me. That was perfect.

Shit! I groaned as I filled her bowels with my jizz.

Oh, Derrick, yes, she moaned, her anal sheath rippling around me.

She worked out all the cum that I had in me. I erupted one last time into her bowels, filling so amazing. It was a hot rush to have all this bliss sweeping through me. Stars danced across my vision. I shuddered, feeling so good.

That was an amazing moment. I groaned at the bliss buzzing through me. It was a wonderful moment to enjoy this. A big smile spread on my lips as I pulled out of her asshole and stared at her daughter.

Now, a good daughter sucks her mother's ass clean off a man's dick, I said, shaking my cock at her.

Oh, wow, panted Matti, her tits rising. Okay, that makes sense.

She crawled over to me, her boobs jiggling. Her mother rolled over onto her back as she smiled I loved the sight as Matti opened wide and just swallowed my cock without even hesitating. She took my dirty dick.

What a slut.

I loved her nursing on me. Her tongue slid around my cock. She buffed her mother's asshole off my dick with passion. I loved her enthusiasm. She knew what she was doing. She wanted to make me explode. It was an absolute delight. I enjoyed every second of her sucking mouth.

She knew what she was doing to drive me wild. It was outstanding to have her sucking on me. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down to buff her mother off my dick. The girl was enthusiastic.

That was just fantastic. 

I hurtled closer and closer to spurting into her mouth as she cleaned my dick. She swirled her tongue around my cock, bringing me closer and closer to the brink of cumming in her. She felt just fantastic. I loved it.

Damn, you're polishing my pole, I groaned. You love the taste of your mother's asshole.

Matti winked at me.

You're doing so well, honey! her mother cheered.

Matti moaned and suckled with such passion on my cock. She worked her tongue around my shaft while she gave me such pleasure. I loved every moment of her suckling at me. She was outstanding. I slid my hand through her dyed-purple hair.

Her tongue swept around the crown of my cock. She then slid across the tip, gathering up the precum that flowed out of the tip. It was just a wonderful delight to experience. I groaned as she did that, the pressure growing and growing. 

Mmm, just suck that dick clean, purred her mother.

She is, I groaned.

Matti suckled hard, staring up at me with such fire in her eyes. She loved me with passion. I enjoyed every last second of it. My balls tightened as I hurtled toward that point of no return. I groaned at how hot this was.

Shit! I grunted.

I erupted into her mouth. I spurted blast after blast of cum into Matti. She gulped down my seed, this wild look in her eyes. I savored her drinking down my jizz. She swallowed every last drop of the spunk flooding out of my balls.

Yes, I groaned, the stars bursting across my vision.

I reveled in that hot delight as she swallowed every bit of my seed. I fired a last blast of her to enjoy. I was so ready to do more with her. I wanted that young cunt wrapped around my dick. I needed it.

Now, you need to plunge that cunt right down my dick, I said, stepping back and sliding my dick out of her mouth. I sat down on the couch. Enjoying the same cock as your mother will really help you two, bond.

Oh, right, Matti said.

Mmm, and threesomes with other women, I said, like my wife, also are a great idea. Whenever you two can, you should share. If Matti has a new boyfriend, then share with Mom. Jenny, you got a friend you like to go down on, invite Matti to munch on that cunt with you. A mother and daughter who share are a mother and daughter who care.

They both beamed at me. God, I was good at this. All thanks to Chaz.

Matti straddled me, those firm, young titties of hers jiggling before my face. She grabbed my cock as she lowered herself. The wet folds of her shaved cunt kissed the tip of my cock. I really, really had to thank my wife for this.

Matti plunged her cunt down my cock. She took every inch of my dick in a single go. I shuddered, reveling in having her tight, young twat around my cock. She felt fabulous. That was just the thrill I needed. Just the perfect delight.

A big smile crossed my lips as I enjoyed that hot cunt. I groaned as she squeezed her cunt and slid back up me. Her hot pussy rose up my dick. It was a fabulous rush. I shuddered, savoring that heat. The hot bliss swept around me.

She smiled at me and plunged back down my cock. I groaned as she took all of me again. She gasped, throwing her head back as she squeezed her pussy around my dick. She had such an excellent snatch.

Damn, your daughter's tight, I groaned.

That's good to hear, said Jenny, smiling. Ride him, honey. I want to lick your cunt clean of his cum.

Oh, wow, hot! she gasped.

I groaned, And wet!

Matti grinned at me as she worked her twat up and down my dick. Her hot twat felt amazing. She brought me closer and closer to cumming with her every movement. I would have such a big climax. Just flood her pussy with my cum.

She shuddered, her hips wiggling back and forth. She stirred me up as her mother watched. Her boobs bounced between us. They jiggled in such a fetching way, her nipple piercings gleaming. Her moans sang in my ears.

She sounded so passionate. So vibrant. I loved the hotness of her cunt. The juicy grip of her twat. She felt amazing. I loved it so much. I groaned, hurtling closer and closer to cumming in her. I would baste her pussy.

You're so hung, Mr. Carpenter, she moaned.

And you're so fucking tight, I groaned. Damn.

She beamed at me.

I loved the feel of her around me. The tightness of her cunt was spectacular. I rose toward my climax. I would have such a big burst of cum. Just a mighty explosion of bliss. I would flood her cunt with all my jizz.

Her hot twat massaged me. I hurtled toward that moment. He moaned louder and louder, her mother watching on with hot eyes. That naughty girl slammed her barely legal pussy down my dick before sliding back up it.

She felt amazing.

Matti rose up my shaft before plunging her snatch down my dick.

She gasped out, Fuck!

Her pussy convulsed around my cock. I groaned as that naughty cutie suckled at my dick. Her juicy pussy rippled around me, driving me wild. The pressure to cum in her pussy grew and grew with her twat's every spasm.

Fuck, yes! I groaned as I erupted.

Ooh, spunk my daughter's cunt! gasped the Mom. Yes, yes, dump her ass full of cum. That's so hot.

It was hot. I loved spurting blast after blast of cum into her pussy. It was an incredible rush to have that pleasure sweeping through me. My pussy convulsed around her twat. I loved the way she spasmed around me as I dumped my load in her.

I grunted with each blast, filling her young cunt up with my jizz. The stars flashed across my vision. I shuddered with each blast of spunk. I fired more and more of my cum into her pussy. It was an absolute rush.

Shit, shit, shit, I groaned. Goddamn, that's so good.

It is! the cutie moaned, her pussy milking my cock dry.

I shuddered as I erupted into her one last time. A big smile spread on my lips at how amazing it was. I leaned back, panting. My heart thundered away in my chest. I shuddered as I loved all that pleasure that swept through me.

She groaned on me, her cunt full of cum. Then she shuddered and slid off me. Let's sixty-nine, Mom!

Yes! Jenny squealed.

I smiled as the pair fell into their licking and lapping, a sense of accomplishment falling on me. I had created a strong bond between mother and daughter. They were lovers now. Their incestuous passion was such a beautiful sight.

I grabbed my phone and texted my wife. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Karin Carpenter

I was strolling through the botanical gardens with Mom and the girls, admiring the flowers, when my phone chimed. I smiled and saw a text from Derrick. Have fun with your threesome.

He did it. I knew he would. Chaz was unstoppable. Now I would have such a wild time with Jenny and her daughter. What a hot threesome that would be. Matti was such a cutie. I licked my lips, just knowing she would taste great. 

I texted back, Such a great hubby!

Why are you smiling? Mom asked.

Just something from Derrick. He's such a great husband. Just the best.

Mom rolled her eyes, but I didn't care. I couldn't wait to get back to see my husband and have fun with my friend and her daughter. This new life with Chaz was amazing. I felt so wet. So juicy. I glanced at the twins.

Hey, you two, I have something to show you, I said. My pussy. I wanted to cum on their faces.

To be continued...

