I assess her from across the conference room. She looks out of place, despite her name tag. Shy, quiet. She's polite, acknowledging everyone who tries to speak with her. Even the obviously leering men. Her blonde hair lays in loose waves down her back. I wonder if it looks this perfectly messy without effort. The light makeup tells me that she wouldn't put that much effort into her hair. I envision wrapping it around my fist as I tilt her head back and bite her neck. She's younger than I am -- maybe early thirties. These industry conferences are usually a bore. But now I'm intrigued. Obsessed.
An older portly man approaches her. Again, she's polite to a fault. His hand lands on her lower back, and she dances out of his reach, eyes scanning the room for an escape route. I can be that for her. I wait patiently for her eyes to meet mine. When they do, I quirk my lips upward. She immediately looks down. Is that a blush I see? Probably wishful thinking. But she just sealed her fate.
I approach her like an old friend. Asking her how she has been. She plays along, obviously grateful for the opportunity to escape her handsy admirer. Once he is gone, I try to engage her in conversation, but she won't meet my eyes. I get a quiet thank you, and I'm alone. Well, alone with the wallet I just snagged from her bag.

The hotel desk staff is an embarrassment. Some well-placed questions about my "coworker," and I had her room number in a matter of minutes. I stand outside room 410 and knock.
"Who is it?"
"It's me from the conference." I flash my most sincere smile. "I think you dropped your wallet at the last seminar." I hold the wallet up so she can see it through the peep hole. I hold my breath, certain she'll tell me to leave it on the floor. But no, the door cracks open.
"Thank you. I didn't even realize I had lost it." I can see she's no longer in her work attire, but the door blocks most of her body.
"Aren't you going to invite me in?" It's a bold start, but I already know she's too polite to call me out.
"I'm dressed for bed, not company. See you tomorrow, maybe?" She starts to shut the door, but my hand comes up to stop its forward progress. Her eyes widen, just a touch. What is she thinking? Is she now wondering how I knew her room number? Is she chastising herself for not using the chain? Whatever the reason, it's enough pause for me to take advantage as I advance into the room.
She wasn't kidding. She's definitely dressed for bed. A thin tank top and pajama shorts -- no bra. She continues backing away as I admire the care she obviously takes of her body. Her breasts sit high on her chest, her light nipples slightly visible through the sheer fabric. Her hips flare out from her tapered waist. She's effortlessly soft and curvy. I haven't gotten a good look at her ass yet, but I have no doubt it will be heaven to grab onto. Her hair is just as perfectly messy as it was earlier.
No words pass between us as I crowd her against the wall. I hear her breath hitch as I wrap her hair around my fist and tilt her head back, just like I've been thinking about since the moment I saw her. Her lower lip quivers, and I can hear words begin to form.
"Shh," I reassure her as I bring my thumb to her lip and press it forward. She eventually opens for me, taking me in. I groan as I feel her tongue accept the intrusion. I thrust it in and out of her mouth, a promise of what's to come. I can tell the moment she feels my growing erection against her, her eyes widening in awareness. As much as it pains me, I remove my thumb, trailing my hand downward as I find the top of her shirt and pull it down. I'm rewarded when one breast spills into my hand. She flattens herself against the wall, trying to back away from my hand as it massages her before tweaking her nipple lightly. I watch it harden in front of my eyes before returning my gaze to her face to study her reaction. Her eyes are glassy -- either from fear or arousal. Or both perhaps. She flinches slightly as I pinch and roll the taut nub between my fingers. There will be time for that later. For now, I need to feel that tongue on my cock.
I pull my fist downward, using her hair as leverage. In light of her ready acceptance of my thumb, I'm surprised as her initial resistance. Surprised and aroused. She eventually accepts her fate and falls to her knees. I release her hair and pull the straps of her shirt down so that both breasts are exposed. Her mouth is only inches from my cock.
"Take it out." My voice comes out gravely and rough, more so than I intend. She looks at me for a moment, as if not understanding my words. I tweak her nipple again, silently reiterating my command. Her hands shake as she reaches for me. I hold my breath, and it feels like an eternity before her unsteady fingers find my zipper and slowly pull it down. I am about to urge her to move faster, but this slow torture is exquisite. I'm harder than I've ever been.
Finally, I feel her breath on my cock as she removes it from its confinement. I've crowded her so closely against the wall that my cock bumps her cheek as it is freed, and I groan at the sensation. Her hesitant eyes find mine.
"Open." She doesn't move. I shift my hips forward slightly and bring my thumb to her lower lip, pulling it down. She lowers her eyes in defeat as her lips part. Her tongue darts out to lick the tip, and I inhale sharply in surprise. Her lips gently close around the head as she inches herself further and further onto my cock. Her tongue flicks and massages the delicate ridge underneath. This woman will be my undoing.
When I feel my cock hit the back of her throat, I brace my hands against the wall, willing myself not to come too soon. I want to savor this. " _Fuck..._ " I groan aloud. She begins a steady pace, bobbing up and down my length. Her hands reach up to join her mouth in this assault on my senses. Maybe she is hoping for me to finish quickly and leave. Whatever the reason, I do not care. I reach down to grasp her ripe breast and cannot resist the urge to pinch and twist her nipple again. I'm rewarded with a whimper, and the sound vibrates along my shaft.
I feel my orgasm building, and my balls begin to tighten. I grasp her hair once again, unable to stop myself from fucking her face. Her hands come up to my thighs in an effort to push me back. It's useless of course. The only thing that will bring this to an end is my come down her throat.
"Look at me." I admire at the beautiful sight below me. Flowing blonde waves, messed from my grip. Tears leaking from her eyes. Her breasts, exposed for my viewing, are red from my assault, her nipples hard and tight. Her gaze finally meets mine, and that is all I can handle. A roar erupts from my chest as I hold myself deep inside her throat.
"Swallow." And she does. I feel the muscles of her throat working to milk my cock of the last of my come. Finally, I pull out and hear her gasp for air. She falls back against the wall. I waste no time lifting her by the hair and pushing her onto the bed. She's shaking and limp, and I take advantage of her helplessness by removing the last scraps of her clothing. She quickly covers herself with her arms, shielding her body from my view.
I grip each wrist and hold her arms away from her body. "Don't ever hide this from me." She looks at me with questioning eyes but doesn't say a word, instead turning her gaze towards the window. The view is magnificent. Her breasts beg for my mouth. Her stomach is flat but soft. Her hips and thighs curve beautifully. I can't wait to watch her bounce on my cock. Her pussy is bare, and I stare at the glistening lips. She's wet. And she's wet _for me_. My cock begins hardening again, despite experiencing what could only be described as the most intense orgasm of my life only minutes before.
I begin biting and suckling her breasts, feeling her squirm and writhe beneath me. My body slides further down, eager to see how she tastes. Her hands come down to protect herself from my advance. No matter how fiercely I remove them, she returns to block me from my prize. _This won't do._
I stand up abruptly and flip her to her stomach, placing her feet on the floor. She begins to lift her upper body, earning her a hard spank to her right ass cheek. "Stay down," I grunt. I follow the command with another flurry of hard smacks. She cries out as my hand makes contact. This sound is exquisite. Truthfully, I want her to disobey so I have another reason to redden her ass and see it bounce again.
I kneel down, my mouth mere inches from her pussy, and inhale before feasting. My tongue delves into her folds sliding from her hole to her clit. I wish I could see her reaction, watch her face as she realizes how wet she is for me. I work her clit with my tongue as my finger finds her entrance. I groan against her as I feel her tightness, and she squirms at the vibration. Her efforts at remaining quiet are valiant, but they quickly become futile. She whimpers into the bed, her fists grasping for something to ground her. Something to save her from my relentless tongue.
She begins shifting from one foot to the other, subtly grinding herself against my face as I add a second finger. I feel her pussy flutter against the invasion, and I know she is close. I bring my thumb to her back entrance and press gently, holding it against her. Her sharp intake of breath brings a smile to my face. I feel her clench around me. _Interesting..._
I press my thumb forward as my tongue massages her clit. I draw my thumb out and plunge it back in, and a high-pitched scream escapes her throat. Her body convulses around my fingers as she melts into her pleasure. I'd give anything to watch her face as she comes undone. But this will have to do for now. She whimpers as she writhes under my hands and mouth. My tongue stays on her clit, wringing her body of the last of her orgasm.
I stand up and wipe my mouth. The sight before me is nothing less than spectacular. She's limp, on her stomach. Her ass is spread open for my viewing. Her breathing is ragged. Her legs, boneless. Too weak from her orgasm to stop me, I easily flip her over and leave her splayed on the bed. Her hair fans around her face like a halo. Her eyes are wet from tears. I quickly shed the rest of my clothes, removing the last barrier between us.
I crawl up her body and begin to settle between her thighs. She awakens from her orgasm-induced stupor and tries too late to close her legs. She only succeeds in drawing me closer. She changes tactics, scooting upward on the bed. I grab her hips and drag her underneath me, relishing her softness against my calloused hands. Another whimper escapes her lips as I rub my cock against her, sliding it up and down her slit. I move it against her clit and smile as she tries to scoot away from me again in vain.
I could have easily taken her from behind after her last orgasm, but I want to see her face as I enter her for the first time. As if reading my mind, she's determined to shut me out. Her eyes are closed, her head turned away from me. I bring my hand to her throat, squeezing slightly. Enough to draw her gaze back to me.
"Watch me," I say as she tries to turn away again. I hold her green eyes with mine and release one or her hands. "Put it in." She remains still, and I hold my breath, waiting for her to do as I ask. I increase the pressure on her throat as I study her face. After what feels like an eternity, I feel her tentative grip on my cock, and I swell underneath it. She tries to look away from me as she guides me to her tight hole. I squeeze her throat lightly again, and her eyes snap back to mine.
My cock enters her for the first time, and I fight back the urge to let my eyes roll back in my head. Her tight heat engulfs me, inch by inch. I bottom out and feel her wince beneath me at the pressure. Her face just barely betrays her arousal, her lips slightly parted as she looks at me from under hooded eye lids. She's trying so hard to fight this, a truly valiant effort. But her wetness is undeniable. Thank goodness for my orgasm earlier. Otherwise, I would barely last one stroke. She squirms beneath me and bucks her hips. The gesture could easily be mistaken for one of lust. But her hands push against my chest, an obvious attempt to unseat me. I love how she fights me.
I relinquish my grip on her throat and grab her wrists, holding them by her head. I dip my mouth, eager to play with her sensitive nipples. My tongue swirls around one stiff peak, and I hear that coveted whimper again. I want to burn that sound into my memory. I bite hard, immediately soothing her by blowing on the red mark. _It will bruise beautifully._ This time, a primal groan escapes her lips. It spurs me on, and I withdraw my cock until just the tip remains. Watching her face, I thrust my hips forward, almost violently. I lose myself in her. Do hours pass? Or only minutes? I know I'm being rough. She's wincing as she whimpers. But I feel her juices coat my cock. Whether she likes it or not, she is turned on.
She bites her bottom lip, looking to the side, trying to contain her reaction. I can feel her pussy begin to flutter again as her head falls back. She's holding back. She doesn't want to give me the privilege of seeing her erupt in pleasure. _That is unacceptable._
"Come for me, angel," I whisper against her ear. I bite her earlobe, and she clenches and writhes beneath my touch. I move both wrists to one hand and reach my free hand between us. I see her face as the awareness dawns on her. She will come. Whether she wants to or not. She renews her fight in an attempt to prevent my hand from finding her clit. Her hips thrust upward and side to side. Her legs come up by my hips, causing me to hit a new sensitive spot. A satisfied groan spills from my mouth as I feel her pussy take me deeper.
She cries out at the new fullness as I pinch her clit. Finally, I get my reward. I watch her lose herself to pleasure beneath me. I feel her body contract and flex. Her pussy becomes a vice, so tight, it's almost painful. I hear her cries of ecstasy and see the tears fall from her eyes. _She's magnificent._
She again goes limp beneath me. I pull out and flip her to her stomach again. "Hands and knees," I demand. She defies me, or maybe she cannot move. I grab her hips and lift her ass in the air. Pulling her cheeks apart, she's laid bare for me. I enter her again, and she clenches at the invasion. It's deeper at this angle, and I bottom out with each thrust, causing her to wince and clench around me. She's clawing at the sheets beneath her, crying out as her juices continue to flow down my cock. I lean down and bite her shoulder, and I'm rewarded with a new surge of wetness. I wonder if she even knew that her desires run this dark.
I place a finger at her back entrance, toying with her, already knowing that she likes it. She goes stiff before moving forward, attempting to get away from the invasion. My other arm goes around her hip, holding her still for my assault. My finger presses forward as she cries out, probably in a mix of pain and pleasure. I thrust it a few times before adding a second finger, then repeating the process with a third, readying her ass for my cock.
"Please stop. It hurts." Her voice is hoarse from her throaty groans and whimpers.
"Shhh. It will feel good if you relax. I promise. Breathe." The arm around her waist releases, and I run my hand down her back in a soothing motion. "You're doing so well. Let me in, angel." I remove my fingers and hear her sigh in relief. It is short lived, as I soon place my cock against her asshole. She surges forward, desperate to escape my touch. If I wasn't sure she was an anal virgin before, I certainly am now. My cock swells at the thought. _I will be her first._
I groan as she continues to struggle. Can she tell that the fight in her turns me on? Would she lay limp and lifeless if she knew? I lean forward against her, her hips pinned between me and the bed. When the head of my cock pops past that tight ring of muscles, she lets out a scream into the pillow. I let out my own groan of satisfaction in response. The tightness makes me lightheaded with pleasure. I reach around beneath her to play with her pussy, suddenly eager to ease her discomfort. I spare her sensitive clit this time and instead insert a finger inside of her. She's somehow wetter than before. Her pussy is even tighter now with this new violation of her body.
"You're so wet for me, angel," I groan. After what feels like an eternity, I begin shifting my hips back and forth a few inches, allowing her to get used to the feel of me. I hear her whimper into the bed beneath me, and suddenly I am overcome with the need to see her face again. I fist her hair and pull her head back, so her gaze meets mine over her shoulder.
Her green eyes are pooling with tears. Her face is flushed. Her mouth is open. It's the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. "Keep your eyes on me," I command. As I begin to thrust my cock into her ass in earnest, I return my hand to her pussy. When she tries to turn her head away, I slap her ass hard. She will not deny me the pleasure of seeing her face as I bring her to orgasm with my cock in her ass. She clenches and stiffens at the contact, and I plunge my cock into her again roughly. It takes all of my willpower not to come at that moment.
My senses are overloaded. I watch my cock disappear into her body. Her taste is still on my lips. Her scent fills my nostrils. I hear her erotic cries with each thrust. The feel of her ass squeezing my cock is exquisite. But I need her to come again more than I need my next breath.
I still myself deep inside of her and lift her by the hair, forcing her back flush against me. She cries out at the change in angle. One hand grabs her breast. The other continues to toy with her pussy. She reaches for my wrists to pull them away. I chuckle in her ear, impressed at her continued fight.
"You have no idea how good you feel," I whisper. "This ass is mine," I growl as I pull my hips back and thrust forward. Her head rolls back against my shoulder as her muscles tighten around my shaft. "This pussy is mine." I stick two fingers inside of her to accentuate my words as my thumb finds her clit. I try a third finger, but she's too tight. My other hand continues to assault her nipples, which must be sore by now.
"Please," she whimpers. Is she asking me to stop? To keep going? Does she even know? I don't care.
"I love when you beg," I grunt. She squirms against me, and my cock shifts inside of her, making her cry out. I begin to feel the telltale flutter of her pussy against my fingers. "No. Please. I can't." She must be exhausted and sensitive from two orgasm already.
"You can, and you will." I swirl my fingers inside of her as the heel of my hand presses on her clit gently. Her hips move on their own, seeking my hand. "See, angel? Your body knows what you need." A sob wracks her small frame as more wetness floods my hand. Despite her resistance, her body is betraying her. And I give it what it wants. She claws at my hands, trying to pull them away. But I feel her body still and tense.
"That's it. Come for me." She tightens around my cock and fingers as she screams her release. With that, I release my grip on her hair, and she falls face down to the bed.
I renew my assault, peppering each ass cheek with my hand until they are both bright red. With each smack, she tightens her ass around my cock. A truly delicious feeling. Her hands come to her lower back in a weak attempt to protect herself. "Please stop," she whimpers. I grab her wrists and restrain them against her lower back as I fuck her without reservation. I watch her ass as it bounces against me, mesmerized by the sight of my cock impaling her. Her legs give out under my rough treatment, and she falls flat on her stomach. I follow her down, my weight pinning her to the bed.  
She continues to wiggle and writhe beneath me, either in protest or in pleasure. I cannot hold out much longer. I bite her shoulder as I feel my orgasm building. The bite is harder than I intended, but I'm rewarded with a groan from her perfect mouth. I let out a guttural, primal sound as I pump my spend into her ass. _I wonder if she can feel it inside of her._
We lie there, unmoving. I don't want to pull out. Her body is perfection, and my cock doesn't want to leave. _How long can I keep her? Will I ever have enough of her?_
Eventually, and sadly, I remove my cock from her ass. She winces at the withdrawal. "Don't move," I warn her as I walk to the bathroom. I doubt she could move if she wanted to. I return with a wet washcloth and survey her body. Her ass is red from my punishment, and I see handprints taking shape. Some of my come is leaking out of her ass. Her own juices are visible on her bare lips and thighs. I want to burn this image into my memory. I turn her onto her back. Her eyes look everywhere but at me, tears silently falling. I wipe gently between her legs and ass cheeks. I should feel guilt or remorse when she winces. But I don't. All I feel is pride and satisfaction.
After I am done washing her, I clean myself up. I don't want to shower. Not only would she certainly run the moment she is alone, but I want her scent on me as I drift to sleep. I lift her to the pillows and tuck the blanket around her limp form. She eyes me curiously through drooping eyelids but remains silent. When I climb into bed, she shoots up to a sitting position, looking thoroughly confused.
"We're not even close to done, angel."