The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in
which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work. 
Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of
the copyright holder, except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access,
noncommercial archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

Please!  Give me your comments.
 
This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance. 

MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 18

Lisa Leaves 

It was three days to Christmas as Andy, Mary, Lisa and I drove in the Bronco from Aspen. 
Thanks to the Colorado Highway Department, the roads were clear with mounds of snow
packed along side, but I kept the truck in four wheel drive.  We stopped at the ranch in
Glenwood Springs, then in Vail to get Lisa's possessions.  We were taking her to the
Denver airport. 
  
Lisa was leaving us.  

Mary and Lisa had been discussing it for three days now.  Lisa finally explained it all to
me, punctuated it with tears and hiccups. She had never been away from her family over
Christmas.  She wanted to go home.  She missed them. The big question was whether
she wanted to come back.  She had changed from a near-virgin bitch to a slave in a
fortnight. I knew she was reeling inside, not knowing what was best for her.  Was it best
to stay in LA and finish college?  Or, to return to us?

As we drove and talked, Lisa absentmindedly fingered the leather collar around her neck,
the symbol of her situation.  That collar had caused her embarrassment, stern glances
from passerbys, questions from those too selfish not to intrude on her life or too aroused
by the sexual thoughts of Lisa's servitude to restrain themselves.  But, it also had brought
her pleasure, a sense of sexual security and belonging, such as when a chain attached
to it coupled her to my bed at night.  It was a constant reminder of those activities which
she loved.  

Shortly after she came with us, I realized I had missed the so subtle signals she had
given when we were dating, signals saying she wanted to be taken this way. Only when
she saw Andy did her desires become visible to me.

I knew Mary and Andy would do anything I told them to do.  More than that, they eagerly
sought ways to please me, thinking of what I needed before I told them.  No surprise.
They were kittens and had been programmed that way.  Lisa was different. She was
unprogrammed, giving herself voluntarily, submitting to the control of another.  Of three
others really, since Mary, Andy and I all treated her as our slave.  Yet, she too, gave
happily and eagerly, wanting to please.

So, how was her voluntary slavery different than Mary and Andy's programmed state?  I
had tried to determine the difference.  When Lisa first joined us, she seemed to be more
wary, untrusting, with a conscious knowledge of the depth of her surrender.  The kittens
trusted totally.  Envision three people standing on the edge of a cliff.  You yell "jump." 
Two grin and jump without hesitation.  The third looks at you wide eyed, takes a deep
breath, closes her eyes and tentatively steps off.  That was the basic difference.

But, by now, Lisa's level of trust had risen so even this difference was small.  
  
I remembered the first time I bound her tightly. It was a simple binding. Lisa was
kneeling, her ankles crossed behind her and bound, her knees tied apart by rope
attached to the furniture. Her arms were drawn behind her, tied at wrists and elbow to
hold them straight and thrust out her breasts.  Clover clamps attached to the post in front
of her were on each nipple. Her clit hood ring was leashed to the post, also. She was
blindfolded but not gagged. I wanted to communicate with her. 

It was Mary who talked me into binding Lisa that first time, telling me Lisa wanted to be
carried deeper into her submission, wanted to surrender this way to me.  When Lisa was
bound, I instructed Andy to discipline her.  

"No," she mouthed without speaking, shaking her head slightly.  No surprise. When we
were being trained by Mistress Diana, Andy clearly was not a dominant.  

Why, you ask, did Andy disobey an order?  Is she not programmed?

I did not give her an order.  If I had said, "Andy, I order you to . . . " or "Andy, you will . . . "
she would have obeyed. What I said was, "Andy, would you like to . . . " giving her the
opportunity to respond.  I often addressed both Andy and Mary that way.  As I said, what
man wants a Porsche without an engine. And, what point in having an engine if you do
not use it. 

Mary wanted to assume Lisa's training, but this time I did it. 

Lisa was moaning, enjoying the pain of the tension in her muscles and the pulls on her
nipples and hood when she tried to ease the tension. We talked, me delving into her
mind, she responding as a good little slave. I had learned more about her and her needs
in that short time that I had learned in the years we dated. As important, I learned
something about myself and power.  Lisa happily surrender to me and her pleasure. 

"Sweetheart, I need to go to the bathroom," Andy said, bringing me back to the present. 
We stopped in Vail at a hamburger joint for some burgers, drove by the Vail house to get
Lisa's things which were there and were on the road again.

"Well, Lisa are you coming back to us?" I asked as we drove through Eisenhower
Tunnel. 

"Do you want me to?"  Another difference between a slave and a kitten was security.  The
kittens never questioned I was part of their lives.  They were very secure in me as their
ever present master.  Lisa was afraid, unsure. By now, I knew that fear was not part of her
thrill.  She needed the security of knowing she was mine.  The insecurity she relished
came from not knowing what I would do to her.

"Yes, but, it will be different.  I will be more harsh with you, more demanding, if you
return."

"I.... I don't know," she whispered, looking away.  I saw Mary's expression, a sad,
knowing, caring look.  "We want you back, Lisa," Mary said.  Andy stroked Lisa's face,
pushing the coal-black hair back in a loving gesture. The three of them whispered as I
again drifted off in my own thoughts, only to come back to the present in the traffic
around the airport. 

As I killed the engine in the parking lot, Mary unlocked Lisa's collar.  "No. Please, let me
keep it," Lisa whispered, stroking her neck where the collar had been, missing its feel. I
knew what needed to be said.

"Look at me!" I snapped. Lisa stared, eyes wide and unblinking.  

"Lisa, I want you to be a slave to us. All three of us want it. But, you need to understand. It
will be difficult, painful, humiliating agony. It will be total and complete submission,
without any compromise.  I will make permanent changes in you - breast implants,
branding. (She gasped) There will be no quarter.  It will be readily obvious to everyone
who sees you that you are a slave submitting to a demanding master. Even your parents
and friends in LA will know.  If you wish this, return here no later than January 1 to begin
your new life. If not, we all hope you will be happy doing whatever you will be doing."  

The silence was deafening as tears rolled down Lisa's cheeks.  "I understand," she said.  
Mary's eyes searched my face. She knew I was wrestling with my own needs and wants
as it pertained to each of them and all the others. I had demanded Lisa give me full
power over her.  Power. Why did I want her to surrender so completely? Was the devil
dog biting my ass? Or, was it just good, clean fun for all of us. 

Mary was right.  I analyzed things too much, and sometimes with no result.  

We all carried Lisa's bags to the check-in and walked her to the gate.  It was a typical
family departure, tears and hugging as we said our goodbyes.  Mary took my arm as we
walked away after she boarded.  "She will be back," she said. 

"Where now?" Andy asked when we piled back into the Bronco. 

"I think we need a bigger vehicle," I replied.  

I drove to a Chevy dealer, haggled a little, and drove away in a new, fully loaded, four-
wheel drive, cherry red Suburban.  Mary drove the Bronco which we were going to keep. 
I offered to put the car on my MasterCard, but the dealership called my bank and
accepted a check.  It was nice being rich.  

It was about five in the afternoon.  I decided to stay in Denver overnight and checked us
into the presidential suite at the Brown Palace, Denver's finest hotel.  We went shopping,
picking up some last minute things and enjoying the festivities of Christmas time.  The
kittens were dressed in high-gloss, polished leather boots, skin tight pants and big,
baggy sweaters that hinted at as much as they hid. They had stylish, fur rimmed hats
with their long blonde hair flowing in the breeze.  We got a lot of looks. 

When we got back to the suite, I ordered room service: shrimp and salmon en casserole,
steamed vegetables and fruit salads, with white wine.  Believe it or not, we all three
showered together without having sex.  Andy was just coming out of the bathroom, drying
her hair when the door to the suite rang, indicating room service was here.  I saw Mary
reach for her a towel to cover herself. 

"No.  Answer the door naked."  She gave me a funny, sexy grin.  I slapped Andy on the
ass.  "Go with her."  

Andy shook her head no, but started towards the door. 

"Wait.  Andy, what is wrong?"  

"I don't want to be naked for a stranger, Davy. Please."

"You were in New York, at the B&D party."

"My master wished me to be that way. If it was up to me . . . "  Her voice trailed off.  I
threw both of them towels which they draped around themselves. Honestly, they looked
more sexy that way than naked, with the towel bulging at the top from their breasts and
barely covering their bottoms at the bottom.  The hint of the unseen arouses us all.

The bellboy at the door was a Hispanic kid probably no more than sixteen.  Seeing Andy
and Mary scantily covered and smiling at him, his mouth started to open and close as his
eyes bulged out.  He could neither move nor speak. After waiting a moment, I pulled the
cart into the room and stuck two one-hundred dollar bills in the pocket of his bellman's
jacket. 

"Merry Christmas," I said as I closed the door.   

My stomach full, well fucked, with Mary curled in the crook of my right arm and Andy in
the crook of my left, I drifted off to dreamland as Andy whispered in my ear, "I love you,
Davy."

I awakened on December 23 about ten in the morning.  Andy was naked on her stomach,
golden hair covering her face, breathing smoothly and evenly as she slept.  I was
admiring her perfect, jutting ass when I heard the toilet flush. Mary came padding back to
bed, smiling as she slipped in beside me.  

"I want to eat pussy," I said.  

"You always want something.  Didn't you get enough last night?"  

"Yes, for last night. This is this morning."  

She laughed.  "How do you want me?"  

"Ride my face."

She rolled on me, kissed me long and hard as her hand played over my crotch.  

"Yes, Davy," she whispered. She slithered against me like a snake and squirmed her
warm, plush thighs around my head. I pulled her thighs tightly around my head as she
lowered her slit to my mouth. 

I think I said this before but it is worth repeating.  I love eating pussy: the sights, smells,
taste, texture, feel and the sound the woman makes all tantalize the senses. Next to her
delightful daughter, Andrea, Mary had the best pussy I had ever experienced.  I make
Andy keep her pussy totally hairless, having her get it waxed when needed.  But, Mary's
pussy is all natural, which, in Mary's case means, a very thick, blonde mass of long
pubic hair. Having both hairy and shaved is another advantage of having more than one
woman.  

This morning, her pussy was dry. The swelling from fucking last night had gone.  She
was still as I inhaled drawing the smells into me, relishing the odors we caused. I
exhaled, blowing hard on her clit. She shivered. 

"Ummm, Davy," she murmured. I flicked the vestibule with the tip of my tongue. She
moved, trying to get my tongue to her clit but I pulled back, teasing her. 

"Bastard," she said lovingly, pulling my hair. I began licking the labia, running my tongue
up and down, flicking, sucking those beautiful lower lips occasionally. Suddenly, I could
smell her musk. Ignoring her clit, I continued my tongue loving to her slit and lips.  I could
feel the lips swell from my attention. I jammed my tongue deep into her pussy. She
gasped, pushing her pussy hard into my mouth. 

I wanted it to last all day.  Her slimly, salty love juices covered my chin as I continued my
erotic meal.  

"More, baby," she groaned.  "Suck my clit."  

I ignored her, continuing tantalizing her pussy. Her hips moved involuntarily, her need
building. I could smell her sweat: pungent; feel it drop on me from her breasts dangling
like ripe melons above me.  Her warmth surrounded me as she squeezed my head
between her thighs. "Davy, please . . . "

I have what some would call a big nose. Perhaps prominent is the correct adjective. I
blew on her clit, then slipped my nose in her pussy. Moving my head brought penetration
and the bridge of my nose rubbing her clit.  

"So close, "she whimpered. I stopped.  She shifted position slightly. I felt her hand slide
down to cup my balls.

"Suck my clit and no one gets hurt," she said. She moved again, jamming her pussy right
on my mouth, thighs around my head which was trapped and immoveable. 

"Please, Davy," she whispered again. I slid my hands along her thighs, encouraging her
to squeeze more tightly. I squeezed her ass cheeks with both hands and held her harder
against my face. 

"Ohhh," she gasped, knowing what was coming.

You can suck a clit or tongue a clit, or, do both, as I did, hard and demanding, twisting
and expanding her love button in my hungry mouth. Her orgasm hit in a flash. 

"Davyyyyyy," she squealed as a flood of juices coated my chin. Greedily, I licked at her
slit, sucking the juices into me as my fingers caressed her button, extending her
pleasure. She went flaccid.  In her afterglow, she slumped and a bright, hard rose nipple
dangled succinctly above me. Unfortunately, a man has but one mouth I thought as I
continued slurping at her pussy. 

She rolled off me.  I saw two huge, bright blue lights peering at me expectantly.  

"Still hungry?" Andy asked.    I was.  Mary watched as I did for her daughter what I did for
her, and with the same results.

"Now, I need real food," I said.  

"Mom will order. What do you want?"  

"More pussy!"  Andy slapped the inside of my thigh playfully. 

"Order us salads and soup, mom," Andy said. I could say nothing. She had covered my
mouth with her pussy again, this time in a sixty-nine position. Her mouth was hot, wet
around my cock.

By now, I had learned to use the programming Uncle Bert gave me effectively.  By that, I
mean I could allow myself to be natural, to let my orgasms come as any other man would. 
Or, I could last for days.  My balls ached.  With the best cock sucker in the world happily
slurping away on me, I saw no reason to restraint myself.  I felt the tingle, the twitch as
my spasms started.  Andy began massaging my ball sac, encouraging it to release its
liquid wealth.  I filled her mouth before she collapsed on me. 

Naked and giggling, we ate brunch in the middle of the king-sized bed in the suite. 
Then, we dressed and got ready to leave. 

"I need to do a little more shopping, Davy. Do you mind if I take the Bronco? I will meet
you back in Vail."  

"Mom, can I go with you? I have a few more things I want to get, too," Andy said.  

"No way. With both of you gone, what happens if I get horny!" They looked at each other.  

"How could you possibly be horny? Honestly, you are getting as bad as Bert."  

"That is not correct.  You mean as good as Bert."  

Mary rode my mouth and Andy slipped her hot slew around my cock, milking me to
another mind-blowing orgasm. 

I was glad Vail was only seventy minutes away.  I was too tired to drive any farther.

To be continued . . . 

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com


