CHAPTER 7: Twist

That was it. The video was done. Or rather, the videos, since all the action had been filmed from three different angles. Light had been a perverted little bitch. He'd acted like he'd actually enjoyed it.

Mello smiled as he remembered how good it had felt to force Light to follow the script, making Light humiliate himself. Well, maybe there would be a chance to do it again.

And, a copy of the video had been sent to Near along with an update about how the case was progressing and the next planned moves. It would blow that little shit's mind. Had Near ever watched porn? Well, if there were one eighteen-year-old male who hadn't, that person would be Near. Maybe it'd shock him out of his intellectual stupor, force him to grow up a bit and stop pretending he was twelve.

Mello finished strapping the GPS tracker to his chest and turned it on. Now, Near could find him, dead or alive, unless he was controlled into removing it or turning it off, and even then, Near would probably find the body anyway. Along with the evidence that had already been sent to Near, that body - Mello refused to really think of it as his own, because it wouldn't really be him anymore - that body would be proof Light was Kira.

Now that the GPS tracker was turned on, Near and his team would probably move in quickly to observe the results. Even if Light pulled a trick with controlled actions to try to hide the body, he'd never expect a whole anti-Kira team and heavy surveillance guarding against that possibility.

What would Near feel when he saw that body, and knew Mello had beaten him once and for all? What would Near think about the unquestionable fact that Mello had caught Kira in a spectacular blaze of glory while Near was still in the process of gathering together paperwork and organizing his team, that Mello had truly followed in the footsteps of L?

Mello took a deep breath and leaned forward in his chair, closer to the computer screen. It was now time to do it, to take the last step. It was also the last chance to back out, to give up. But, no, that would never happen.

With a few quick keystrokes, the encrypted video file was on its way. Like an untraceable phone call, the signal would be bounced around everywhere, and the encryption insured that nobody would see it en route. Only the intended recipients would decode it.

Mello then pressed a button on a microphone in front of him, and an audio connection was established with the Japanese Kira task force. As with the file, it would be impossible to trace this. They should all be there, waiting for this communication.

Mello said, "Is Soichiro Yagami there?"

Soichiro's voice said, "What have you done with my daughter?"

Mello replied, "I think you'll find I haven't done a thing with Sayu, yet. You see, Light saved her. He was actually very noble."

In a choked, slightly hopeful voice, Soichiro said, "Sayu escaped?"

Mello took a bite of chocolate and said, "No, both of them are still locked up. Light saved Sayu from being raped, by offering himself instead. The encrypted file I just sent to you is a video showing Light getting raped. He had to follow all my commands in order to save his sister. It's really quite touching. He's a dutiful brother."

There was a stunned silence on the other end, and Mello thought he could just barely hear loud, ragged breaths from several people.

The voice Mello had learned to recognize as Matsuda's said, "You-you monster!"

Mello said, "The key to unlocking the encryption has been sent to Matsuda's email address. Please watch the video of Light getting raped so you'll know how serious we are. If you do not exchange the notebook for Light and Sayu, further rapes will happen. If Light doesn't keep being so generous, or if I decide I'm tired of him and I'd like a little variety, Sayu will get raped too."

Mello took another bite and then added, "I know none of you will kill any of us, because you don't have our names, just our faces from the video. If you try to release those faces in the media or on the Internet so the second Kira will kill us, we'll punish you. If you do it before we've exchanged for the notebook, we'll kill Light and Sayu. If you do it afterwards, we'll kill Light, Sayu and all the rest of you too. We also have contacts within the FBI, CIA and many other organizations, so if you try to show our faces to them, we'll know about it and retaliate. You are currently being watched, so we'll know any moves you make. If you try to arrest or kill those who are watching you, I'll kill one of my prisoners. Don't think you can kill us all before we can make any moves. I promise you it will backfire."

The sound cut off entirely. They must be having a private discussion about what to do. Mello watched the clock, and when exactly three minutes had passed he pressed the microphone button and said, "Soichiro Yagami, you must decide quickly. Stalling will get you nowhere."

Soichiro said, "I would like to save my children, but is there any way we can be sure you won't kill all of us as soon as you have the notebook?"

Mello smiled. This was easy, and there wasn't a single smart person on that team if they hadn't thought of the obvious answer yet.

Mello said, "If I killed all of you, I'm sure there is some mechanism that would alert your superiors that the entire Kira investigation team was dead. Otherwise, it would be pointless to have a Kira investigation team, because Kira could have killed all of you years ago without anyone ever realizing it. If all of you die, someone from the NPA or another law enforcement organization will attempt to decipher what happened, examine the evidence at your headquarters, and then create a new team to hunt us down. We might not be able to discover the identities of that new team in order to blackmail them into leaving us alone. But, as long as the current team is alive and we have the notebook, all of your lives are insurance for us. You cannot act against us without dying, so you won't, and as long as you are alive nobody else will act against us either."

Soichiro stammered, "Th-that makes sense."

Mello said, "So, do we have a deal? If we don't, I will continue to rape one or both of your children and send the tapes to you until you give in. Maybe I could even get your daughter pregnant."

In a voice laden with exhaustion, Soichiro said, "We have a deal."

Then Mello explained in detail what they should do to make the exchange. Of course, there would be some little tricks they wouldn't know about until the last minute, some later deviations from the script, to make sure they wouldn't know too much about what was happening. There was a strong possibility they would attempt to snatch the notebook back immediately after the hostages had been transferred, but that wouldn't be possible if they couldn't even figure out where the notebook had gone.

When Mello had finished explaining and asked if the plan was understood, Soichiro suddenly blurted out, "Can I talk to my son?"

"No. You already have proof that we have him as a hostage, and there is no reason for you to conspire together."

Soichiro said, "There have been new developments in the Kira case. We rely on Light for help. You can listen to everything we say, I just need to find out a few things that have nothing to do with catching you or your men. Wouldn't you like us to take Kira out of commission so you have no competition?"

"You are talking about the Kira video shown recently on Sakura TV. If you need Light's help, then you can wait until you've rescued him. It will only be two days."

"That's not what I'm talking about. We have... we have arrested a suspect for the second Kira, and it is important, if we could just ask Light a few questions, it would clear some things up, I'm sure. It has nothing to do with any move against you or your men, you can tell that just by listening to us talk, and it could help your situation by removing a competitor."

Mello said, "No. Follow the plan. If I see any deviations from what we've agreed, there will be more rapes or I'll kill one of them. I'm disconnecting now."

Mello turned off the connection. Was it possible the second Kira had actually been arrested? It could also be a trick they were using, or maybe they thought they had the second Kira but really didn't.

If Light couldn't get in contact with the second Kira, then there would be a problem with the plan. However, Light was a part of the investigation team, so he should be able to gain access to any suspects. Still, there could be unforeseen complications if Light's investigation team truly had arrested the second Kira.

Or maybe, the entire team was already on Kira's side, by bribes or threats or some other means, and so the identity of both Kiras was an open secret to them. In that case, a controlled death would come very soon for everyone who'd exposed their faces in the video, before Light and Sayu could be exchanged for the notebook. Everyone known to be involved in the kidnapping would be controlled into revealing their location and letting their prisoners go without any fuss or harm, and it would happen very soon, before any additional rapes could be carried out.

Yes, the deaths themselves might be scheduled for later, but the control would take place right away, and it would certainly include not raping anyone. Soichiro's voice had dripped with fear and desperation. He wanted to protect his children. If the Japanese team for investigating Kira was actually a knowing tool of Kira, then they would have no problem in contacting the second Kira themselves to arrange for the deaths.

There was only one way to test this. Perform another rape while Light was still in custody. If successful, it would amount to proof that the rest of the team wasn't in on Kira's secret, that they weren't Kira's accomplices except to the extent that they had been unwittingly tricked into the role.

Light, if I'm able to rape you now, then if I die later it will truly be proof that you are acting personally as Kira, that nobody else on your team is Kira.

Mello quickly sent an email to Near explaining the new situation and his plans. Near had the location by now from the GPS, and he probably wouldn't try to interfere with things. Even if he wanted to save Light from being raped, it would be far too late by the time any of his agents arrived, and Near would know that. Near was logical. He'd be shocked, but he'd wait, he'd recognize there was only one way to react to this news.

Then Mello got on the phone to Matt and asked him to try to figure out who had been arrested as the second Kira. If things went well, it might be possible to catch two Kiras at once, one-upping Near even more thoroughly.

Then Mello began to write a new rape script. This time, no choice would be offered. Light would be the victim. He deserved this for killing L. L died in Light's arms, for fuck's sake, and what could be crueler or more devious than that?

A few extra barbs of humiliation would be introduced to the situation. Light would be told his father had refused to send the notebook and so another video needed to be made. When Light returned home and realized that had been a lie, he'd be humiliated. His anger would make it more likely he'd make mistakes, and the extra shame would fully ensure he'd do everything in his power to kill someone who could only be killed by the second Kira.

Mello surveyed the title he'd written for the script: "Mail Order Bride"

Yes, this time, Light would play the part of a Japanese mail order bride, and be forced to speak bad English, which should humiliate him even further, considering how nearly flawless his English was. Light would be in a frilly dress, and he'd be forced to work in the kitchen and punished for doing it wrong. And then, he'd get bent over the table and fucked up the ass.

Mello finished the script quickly. Yes, Light deserved this and more. Mello printed it up, stapled it together and rushed to Light's cell.

Light looked up in surprise as Mello shoved the sheaf of paper between the bars.

Mello said, "Your daddy is resisting, so we need to make another video. You were such a good fuck last time that I'm going to choose you again this time, Light. Have the script memorized in half an hour."

A/N (Author's Note):

Well, another Mello/Light lemon is nearly here, and this second one will be from Mello's perspective instead of Light's. When Light gets home and realizes that Mello made these videos without needing to, that Soichiro wasn't actually resisting, is he going to think Mello is a rape maniac?