An Unexpected Boudoir Photoshoot
by LoveCruz

Nervous girl experiences a once in a lifetime photoshoot.

Hi, my name is Kayla and I live near Nashville, TN. I'm 24 years old, dirty blonde, and have a natural curvy body with long legs. I wear a 36B and I'm 5'9 which makes me the tallest in my friend group.

Because of Instagram and Jay, I have always been interested in modeling. Jay is one of my friends from college who is now a full time photographer. It always excites me when I see him taking trips to take portraits of models, cars, or even weddings. Jay told me boudoir photography is his main focus currently. He said it empowers women and loves the creativity it gives him. Recently, my bestfriend Kaitlin told me the same thing after her wedding.

She did her session before her wedding, so it can be her husband's wedding gift. Kaitlin said it was a magical experience and made her fall back in love with her body. I am skeptical about taking intimate photos in front of others, but I think it'll be a one of a kind experience and good for my confidence. I think I will be the most comfortable around Jay, so I will schedule a shoot with him. After speaking to Jay, he agreed to do a boudoir shoot for me in his studio in Nashville for free. He insisted it will be free because of how far we go back and my constant support for him. The shoot is Friday at 6pm, once I get off from work. I have a lot of cute lingerie I can wear!

Friday rolls around and I decide to leave work early so I can wash up and head over there early. At 4:00pm, I get out of the shower, dry off my hair then start doing my hair and makeup. I put on a mid thigh length, red laced dress with a black thong underneath and no bra. I am kinda nervous about taking such naughty photos, but it's thrilling to know how good these photos are going to come out. As I'm staring in the mirror, I can't believe how stunning I look. My dress compliments my body really well and shows off my boobs too. My long legs are highlighted well with my 6" inch heels. Seeing myself like this makes me feel real good about myself, in a naughty way.

As I rub my body, I can feel myself getting more and more turned on. My hands slowly run up and down my dress, pushing it further up until my underwear starts to show. My thoughts instantly turn naughty. It would be so hot to get fucked in front of this mirror. A guy taking his big dick and fucking me from behind. My pussy getting wetter and wetter as he go balls deep in me. Oh fuck, I find myself rubbing my pussy when I snapped out of the fantasy. I really want to grab my vibrator, so I can finish my fantasy. My body begging to get off and cure my horniness. When I look over to my nightstand to grab my vibrator, I notice it's 5:40pm...I lost track of time. It's a 15 min drive there. I won't make it on there time if I don't leave now. I guess I will finish this later, I'm running late. I grab my belongings as I run out the door.

Without a minute to spare, I walk in Jay's studio with my carrying bag feeling like a million bucks and really horny. The drive here did bring it down a little... but still lingering.

I notice Jay at his desk:

Me: "Hi, Jay! How are you doing?!"

Jay: "I'm doing well and you? You're looking fabulous, Kayla!"

Me: "Couldn't be better and I'm excited to be doing this. Thank you again."

Jay: "It's no problem at all. We can get started now actually. Head to the dark grey sofa and we can go from there."

I place my bag down and slide into the edge of the sofa. My dress partially shows my underwear and my nipples are poking through, but it's fine. I use my long hair to cover them. Jay directs me as he starts taking photos of me, each one having me playfully bitting my lip, being seductive, or showing off my dress. I pull down one of my dress's straps to show off more of my skin. I can feel myself getting more comfortable as Jay directs me and encouraging me to be myself and be loose. But I can't help but think about how horny I am and how I didn't get to cum earlier. I really wish I could've came before I drove over. My thoughts start to slip to my previous fantasy, someone standing behind me sliding in and out of my pussy as we face a mirror.

Jay tells me to change up my next pose, so I slip off my other strap and lay down on my side with my body facing Jay. My nipples were fully erect when I looked down. I really wish they could be sucked on right now. It shocks Jay by how comfortable I am getting, but he encourages me to keep going. I start playing with my nipples, rubbing them between my fingers. As each moment goes by, I hear Jay snapping away on his camera, knowingly catching my moments of horniness. It turns me on more knowing someone is watching me enjoy my body. I get up and fully take off my dress and toss it to the side. I bend over the armrest to show off my ass to the camera.

Jay gets closer to me, his camera taking photos of my underwear, me bitting my slip, and my right hand spreading one of my cheeks apart. He tells me to keep being naughty and become lost in the moment. I take my right hand and pull my underwear to the side. From his view, I know he can see the wetness of my pussy. I slip one finger in and let out a soft moan. I instantly lick my lips, I'm so wet right now. I slowly start fingering myself, knowing I want to be fucked so bad. As I slide a second finger in, Jay tells me to lay down on the sofa face up, he has an idea. Being the sub I am, I lay down and continue to finger myself. Jay gets on top of the armrest behind me and start taking photos of me from a downward angle. As he taking photos I notice a bulge in his pants.

I can't believe Jay was turned on watching me play with myself! Out of curiosity, I reach up and start rubbing my hand against it. My lawd, his dick is big. I've always wondered what it was like to be with a black guy. I can hear Jay soft moans as I rub his pants. I want him to fuck me so bad. I unbuckle his pants to slide them down. His print eagerly showing through his boxers.

Me: "Please let me pleasure you, baby."

Jay slowly pulls down his underwear, his dick immediately shoots up when it's fully free. My jaw instantly drops by how big and thick it is. Will my pussy be able to take all of this? It looks over 8" big, the biggest I've ever been with. I notice precum at the tip of it, so I pull his body close to me to lick it all off. I give his tip a big kiss. I watch as Jay gets down from the armrest then guides me to lay my head across the armrest so my head will be upside down. With his tip still being wet by me licking it, he stands behind the armrest and slaps his dick against my tongue and cheeks. It makes me feel so hot when a man dominates me and have their way with me. Jay slides his dick inside of my mouth and start sliding it down my throat. Sucking dick upside down turns me on. I start sucking, taking much of him as possible in my mouth. Deepthroating him until his balls rest against my face. I continue to pleasure him until he takes my hand and lead himself around the couch to face me.

He brings my face to his to start kissing me. While we our making out, our hands explore one another's body. He begins to kiss my neck, making his way to my intimate parts. He slides my wet panties off. I can feel his lips kissing my pussy then his tongue spreading my lips apart. As Jay is eating me out, he slides two fingers inside of me and start fingering me. I can feel myself about to cum...I start to moan loudly as I'm reaching orgasm.

Me: "Ohmygod, I'm cumming."

Jay continues to pleasure me as my legs shake from my orgasm.

Me: "Please fuck me."

He stands up and takes the tip of his dick and rubs it against the opening of my pussy. Coating his tip with my wetness, he steadily spreads my lips apart and slowly go deep inside of me. I can feel myself getting stretched out as he goes in inch by inch. His balls rest against my entrance as I can feel how deep he is. He lets out a soft moan when he's fully balls deep inside of me. Jay slowly starts stroking. His pace picks up. My wetness coating his dick each time he slides in.

Me: "I'm going to cum again. Please, fuck me harder."

As I'm moaning in Jay's ear:

Me: "I'm about to cum."

I let out a long moan as I cum on Jay's dick. His strokes going deep and fast. He flips me over and start doing me doggystyle. He pulls my hair as I arch my back. I haven't been fucked like this in a long time. My body enjoying every moment of it. He keeps fucking me, fucking me like a slut.

Me: "Let me taste myself."

He pulls out of me and before he puts his dick in my mouth.

Jay: "I'm going to cum soon."

I immediately grab his dick and start sucking on it. I wrap my lips around his tip and use my hands to stroke his dick.

Jay: "Baby, where do you want me to cum at?"

He lets out another moan as I deepthroat him. I stroke his dick, begging him give to me a facial.

Me: "Cum all over my pretty face, baby."

I feel him jerk a little as he releases rope after rope of cum on my face. Landing on my tongue, cheeks, forehead, and even some in my hair.

Jay immediately grabs his camera.

Jay: "Smile for me."

I give him the biggest smile ever as I lick my lips with his cum being all over my face. We both knew these photos are going to be something we cherish forever.
