



==============================================================
 T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E

 All stories in this archive are the property of the author.
 They may be downloaded and read by private citizens.  They 
 are not to be used by commercial web sites.  Persons using 
 this material on commercial sites will be vigorously pur-
 sued by the "hounds from hell," or my legal team, whichever
 is deemed necessary.  These stories were written for adult 
 entertainment and should not be accessed by children.
==============================================================





 



Author: Homer Vargas
Title: A Woman Who Loves More Men
Part:
Universe: Sequel to "A Woman Who Loves Men"
Keywords: MF, cuck, preg, ir, wife, cheat, humor
Summary: A pregnant cheating wife worries about the
future
Redistribution: No restriction except that the story
may not be changed/edited and the title, author's name
and email, and request for feedback must remain
intact.
First Posted 12/15/02
Last Edited 12/15/02

A Woman Who Loves More Men (MF, cuck, preg, ir, wife,
cheat, humor)
By Homer Vargas
Vargas111@yahoo.com

[Note: Mother Debbie, the famous advisor of cuckold
husbands, is the creation of CDE.  He has generously
let me borrow her in order to help a young woman in
need.  Thanks CDE!]


Hello, out there in Internet Land.  This is Mother
Debbie, again.  In my little corner of the World Wide
Web I'm your sounding board, advisor and provider of
motherly advice to those mothers' sons who are in the
less endowed crowd.  You know who you are.

But today's case is different.  It's a follow up to a
letter from a young lady some time ago who could not
decide which of her lovers she should allow to get her
pregnant.  I called it: "A Woman Who Loves Men"

I guess today's discussion should be called: "A Woman
Who Loves More Men"

Dear Mother Debbie,

Thanks so much for the advice you gave me.  Everything
has worked out so beautifully!  I've got the cutest
little pregnant belly and four men who are just crazy
about me, waiting on me hand and foot.  Antonio brings
ajiaco con pollo, which I'm sure one of his many
Latina girlfriends must make, and whispers in Spanish
and drums out salsa rhythms on my tummy.  He says he
hopes we'll have a little boy who will be a dancer
like him.  Rutherford prepares steak and kidney pie
(yucky, but it's sweet of him to try) before he gets
between my legs and recites Shelly and Keats to "our
golden-haired daughter," though I suspect it's mainly
an excuse to eat me.  Andre doesn't cook, but he
massages me and fingers me to glorious orgasms as we
listen to Albinoni, Bach, and Telemann.  He kisses my
belly tenderly and speaks to "his son" in Thai.  Leroy
isn't as attentive as Antonio, Rutherford or Andre; he
just comes over a couple of times a week to fuck my
brains out, but, hey, who's complaining.  Finally
there is my darling husband even though Charles is the
only one who can be sure the baby isn't his.

I did what you always say a loving cheating wife
should do, Mother Debbie, when she lets other men
knock her up: I let Charlie watch.  When I was sure I
wanted to get pregnant, I called all my lovers
together one night with Charlie there.  I told then
that Charlie and I had decided it was time to start a
family (mainly it was me who decided; my Mom was on my
case about grandchildren) and that I couldn't play
around with them any more.  This didn't make then very
happy, though Charlie brightened.

Then I explained that from now on I wasn't "playing
around;" I was seriously intending to get pregnant.  I
didn't want any more condoms used; I would NOT be
satisfied by just being fingered or eaten to orgasm
(although I welcomed being "warmed up" that way); and
I would give blow jobs only to help a lover to get
hard for a return engagement.  In short, for the next
few weeks, I wanted to maximize the amount of potent
man-spunk going into my fertile little pussy. 
Consequently, I would no longer spend a night with
each one, letting him fuck me as many times as he
could.  <more groans>  Starting that night, I said, I
would be pulling a train for them in random order.

Some thought that arrangement gave Leroy an unfair
advantage, as he would be able to fuck me four or five
times a night whereas others could only get it up two
or three times.  I pointed out, however, that was
exactly the kind of advantage a horny woman intending
to get knocked up pronto wants in a man and wants to
see passed on to her offspring.  It turned out to me
less important than the pessimists thought.  The idea
of making my cute little belly round with a baby
inspired all my lovers to unimagined performances. 
Even Andre seldom failed to be hard for round four,
and even if Leroy (or sometimes Antonio or even
Rutherford) was up for more, I was usually too tired
after five.  (Well, you do the math, Mother Debbie;
four guys fucking me four or five times a night,
making me come two or three times per fuck.)  I was
exhausted though content when they finished with me. 
I was so tired and satisfied, I even went to sleep
without my vibrator.

My darling Charlie was everything a woman could ask
for in a cuckold husband during this time.  He bathed
me and pampered me and bought me lots of skimpy
dresses, revealing tops, fuck-me heels and sexy
stockings and lingerie for the session (even though
most were totally ruined during the savage
fuck-fests).  And at each intermission while the boys
were getting hard for me again, he wold lick and
soothe my battered pussy with his loving tongue and
lap away the excess sperm from between my legs.  It
was Charlie that would gently carry me to bed each
night when I was too fucked out to walk, covering me
up and putting towels under my butt to absorb the
large volume of girl cum and man spunk that leaked out
of me all night long.  He was so sweet, I couldn't
refuse him when he wanted to eat me first thing in the
morning before he brought me my breakfast.

Well I didn't have to wait long for results.  I missed
my period just two weeks after the beginning of the
knock-me-up contest, though I didn't tell my lovers
for another month.  Call me cautious, I wasn't sure I
would continue to get so much sex after the boys knew
I was pregnant.  Finally I broke down and announced
that one of them had made a baby in me.  They were
very happy and relieved; the poor dears were getting
haggard from so many hours of sex every night. I think
I was taking a toll even on Leroy.

For a week they left me alone with nothing but
Charlie's caring mouth and my heavy-duty vibrator to
keep me sane, but then we worked out the current
arrangement.  My lovers take turns coming over each
night to "keep me company" (and keep my horny little
quim full of semen).  I go to sleep each night with my
darling husband tenderly sucking my lover's come from
my pregnant pussy.  I guess I must be the luckiest
pregnant cuckolding wife in the world, Mother Debbie,
but I'm getting nervous.  What do I do after the baby
is born?  Three of my lovers will be disappointed.

Anything can happen, of course, but you know as well
as I do Mother Debbie, that the baby is likely to be
black.  Although he didn't fuck me many more *times*
than the others, Leroy has a huge advantage in the
large volume of semen he pumped into me each time and
the proximity to my cervix that he deposited it.  The
semen of my other lovers must have been washed away by
his flood when his cum fountain erupted into me or
their semen would be tremendously diluted in the jizz
lake Leroy left in me each time his baby bomb
exploded.  And I contributed to the effect, too, as I
always came more times and harder and let down more
girl juice when Leroy fucked me with that monster cock
than with the others.  The baby even kicks more when
Leroy is fucking me as if he recognizes his Daddy. 
That was almost confirmed when the ultrasound
technician told me I was having a boy and mentioned
that the baby seemed to have an unusually large penis.

So how do I keep from loosing my fun, exciting
Antonio, my smart, sophisticated Rutherford, and my
sweet, sensitive Andre when they realize that it's
Leroy's baby that will be nursing at my breasts?

Perplexed

Dear Perplexed,

My what a clever cheating wife you are.  I must
congratulate you on your forthright organization of
the nightly impregnation marathons.  The creative way
you applied my advice was a stroke of genius.  Most
cuckolding wives just sneak around, opening their legs
to one lover after another until their pants start
getting tight.  I must also commend you for your
foresight.  Many women in your position, getting their
horny pregnant pussies filled several times every
night, would be so fuck-happy they would not consider
the future.

You are right, however, to be concerned that your
lovers may drift away once they know they've been
bested in the "best sperm wins" contest.  Men are
fickle that way.  Moreover, I must caution you that
even the father may desert you, especially if he is,
as we suspect, this Leroy.  Men like Leroy (sorry if
this seem stereotypical) seem to prefer getting lots
of different white wives pregnant rather than the same
one pregnant lots of times.  Thus, when the baby is
born you could find yourself with no one but Charlie.

Now that's not bad for a few weeks when you are still
sore from the delivery.  I'm sure Charlie will be
delighted to serve as your exclusive non-mechanical
source of sexual satisfaction and a husband's soft
mouth on your recovering pussy can be a godsend.  A
little black baby nursing vigorously at your large
creamy-white breast and a loving husband's face buried
between your legs is one of the most touching family
scenes I can imagine.  And the orgasms can be
fantastic.  But sooner or later you are going to need
pleasuring by a real cock again, not to mention
starting on another baby as soon as possible, and
while you are getting your figure back is not the best
time to start looking for new lovers.

The solution?  Start now.

Take advantage of that sexy belly and those ballooning
titties, girl.  Get Charlie to take you out to sports
bars and dance clubs and night spots.  There is
nothing sexier than a pregnant woman in a short
maternity dress showing off her moist pantiless pussy.
And a petite blond with a round belly and double D
boobs like yours will attract more men than you can
check out with a bar code reader.

Guys just go ape over a horny pregnant woman when they
realize her mate is not going to stand in their way. 
Their rational brain is telling them they can fuck you
silly without worrying about getting you pregnant and
the pheromones from your steamy cunt are telling their
reptile brain you are a guaranteed baby maker when the
next time comes.  The two brains agree on what is
important to you: getting a cock into your needy twat.

Play your cards right, honey, and you will have a
whole new crop of men eager to fuck you now and as
soon as you are ready after the baby.  For your next
pregathon you could have so many contestants, Charlie
will have to sell tickets!

Happy Baby-making,



Mother Debbie

Comments, please, to
Homer Vargas
vargas111@yahoo.com

If you enjoyed this story, perhaps you will enjoy one
of the following stories on:

http://www.asstr.org/~Vargas/stories.html 

http://www.eroticstories.com 

http://www.storiesonline.net 

or 

http://www. MCstories.com/WhatsNew.html 


Alexandra's New Practice          MC, Fdom, preg
The young doctor's new assistant helps out her boss
whose her boyfriend is away, with dramatic
consequences for the horny doctor.

A Cop Too Far                     MC, Mdom, preg
Two women law enforcement officers fall into the hands
of a drug lord.

Judith and Me 1                   MC, Fdom
David's problem with an older woman sets him on an
adventure that will change his life.

The Examination                   MC, Mdom, preg
A routine gynecological examination at The Clinic
becomes something much more for a snooty young lawyer.

Bred                              MC, Mdom, wife, preg
A snooty, childless career woman, her frustrated
husband, his resentful brother and his ever-pregnant
wife.  Everyone lives happily ever after <evil
chuckle> (with Jenny and Sakka)

Examination of a NAG              MC, Mdom, preg
The head of a feminist group visits The Clinic of "The
Examination."

Lovebright Academy...Real Story     MC, Mdom, preg
Additions to Downing Street's classic story.

On Further Examination            MC, Mdom, Fdom, preg
A reporter and her boyfriend investigate The Clinic of
"The Examination."

Chloe and Mom 1                   Slutwife, preg
Chloe writes Mom about her need to cheat.

A Woman Who Loves Men             Fdom, preg, humor
Mother Debbie responds to a young woman with a problem
<g>.

Cutters Creek 1                   MC, Mdom, preg
Alexi, from the State health Department, finds out
first hand why all the girls and women in the little
backwoods community are getting pregnant.

Teaching the Tomboy               MC, Fdom, preg
Toni ceases to be a tomboy. (With Jenny)

No Deposit, Return                Fdom, preg, humor
After six months, the young wife STILL isn't pregnant.
The mother and mother in law take action.

Personal Examination              MC, Mdom, Fdom, preg
The doctor of "The Examination" series gets some of
his one medicine.

Judith and Me 2                   MC, Fdom
David seeks the help of Judith and gets more than he
bargained for.

A New Infection                   MC, Fdom, preg,
humor
A group of women struggle to save the world from a
virus that turns women into bimbo baby makers.

Cutters Creek 2                   MC, Mdom, preg
Alexi has a new stud doctor to help her deal with all
the pregnancies in Cutter's Creek, and her "other"
needs.

Wonder Woman's Examination        MC, Mdom, Fdom, preg
Steve Trevor hears about "The Clinic."

World Lit. 101                    MC, Mdom, Fdom, preg
A "Fantasy Train" adventure.  Six women authors of
erotica visit writers of the past.

Judith and Me 3                   MC, Fdom, preg
David's new life as Judith's happy slave.

Cutters Creek 3                   MC, Mdom, preg
Not heeding Alexi's warning, Cindy from the State
Welfare Department confronts the preacher in Cutter's
Creek and ends up pregnant just like all the other
girls and women there.

Lilith                            MC, Fdom
A stormy night, a seductive older woman, does Carl
stand a chance? (With Trey Gallant)

Judith and Me 4                   MC, Mdom, preg
On of Judith's friends joins her lifestyle.

My Doctor, My Maid 1              MC, Fdom
Robert's visit to a new doctor has unexpected
consequences.

Wonder Woman's Most 
  Fulfilling Adventure            MC, Fdom, preg
Wonder Woman rescues a little village that is not what
it seems.

Toni's New Life                   MC, Fdom, preg
A summer job becomes a life-changing experience. (with
Jenny and Billy Breed; similar to "Teaching the
Tomboy")

Girl from "Principles"            MC, Fdom, preg
Josh's adventures in the jungle of South America.

Judith and Me 6                   MC, Fdom, preg
Judith's friends sample her lifestyle with David.

Anniversary                       MC, Mdom, preg
Three former superheroines reflect on one year as sex
slaves to The Geek.

First Mate                        MC, Fdom, preg
The first mate has the misfortune to draw Ethyl
Walters as captain.  Or is his luck so bad?

Principles                        Fdom, preg
Josh is an ecologist who doesn't want to have
children.  His wife has other ideas, and another and
another...

Solon First Encounter             MC, Fdom, preg
Men and women of the Federation encounter a Fdom
planet.

Ayo                               MC, Fdom, humor,
preg
A sexy scientist takes care of the home front.

WOPI Chronicles 1                 MC, Fdom
David Knight, a NASO agent, tries to infiltrate the
headquarters of an organization that brainwashes men
with sex.

Pillow Talk                       MC, Fdom, preg
The Man of Steel isn't quite, where it matters most.

Chloe and Mom 3                   Slutwife, Preg
It finally happens; Chloe gets bred.

My Doctor, My Maid 2               MC, Fdom
Robert discovers what the doctor has planned for him.

Makin' Pagans                     MC, Mdom, preg
The Olympian gods have a problem: too few worshipers. 
The solution?  Find some pagan mothers to have lots of
pagan babies.

Chloe and Mom 5                  slutwife, humor preg
Chloe, now pregnant, writes about fun with her
"understanding" gynecologist

Judith and Me 5 MC,               Fdom, preg
The membership committee of Judith's new condo doesn't
like her lifestyle until she has a talk with them.

Ask Dr. Vargas                    Sci-fi/fant
Advice column in a world in which romantic love is the
greatest obscenity.

Summer Holidays: Epilogue         MC, Mdom, preg
A take off on the Downing Street story.

Sherry's Mom 1                    Mdom, slut wife,
preg
Sherry's not pregnant because she won't cuckold her
husband.  It's Aunt Joyce's fault

Chloe and Mom 2                   Slutwife, preg
Chloe writes Mom about the night she tells her lovers
she wants a baby.

Chloe and Mom 4                   Slutwife preg
Chloe writes home about telling her husband and lovers
that she's pregnant.

Cutters Creek 4                   MC, Mdom, preg
The State Superintendent for Education investigates
the goings on in a backwoods community where all the
girls and women are getting pregnant.

My Doctor, My Maid 3              MC, Fdom, preg
The doctor gets more than she bargained for.

A World Turned Upside Down        MC, Mdom, preg
A sequel to "Wonder Woman's Most Fulfilling
Adventure."

Sabah and Rod                     MC, Fdom
Rod awakes after he was seduced by Sabah.

At Last                           MC, Mdom, preg
Aphrodite sends Eros to put a stop to Steve Trevor
pestering pleas to get into Wonder Woman's pants.  Big
mistake!

Meanwhile, Back at Cutters Creek
  With Billy Breed                MC, Mdom, preg
Jill Finch and her mother get big bellies while John
gives one.

Cutters Creek 6                  MC, Mdom, preg
The State Superintendent of Education learns about a
school where all the girls and women have big bellies

Sabah                             MC, Fdom
A stormy night, a seductive older woman, does Rod
stand a chance? (A re-write of "Lilith.")

Pearls Before Wine                MC, Fdom, preg.
The Emperor intends to conquer a small queendom.  The
Queen has exactly the opposite idea. (With Dee Dee)

Accidents                         MC, Fdom, preg
Steve's superheroine wife keeps having "accidents."

Fantasy Aftermath                 MD, Mdom, orgy,
humor, preg
A news report growing out of the encounter f Dr.
Vargas and a reader recounted in "An Author's
Fantasy."

Cutters Creek 5                   MC, Mdom, preg
Alice's friends give the State Superintendent of
Education a lesson about why there are so many
pregnant bellies in Cutters Creek.

WOPI Chronicles 2                 MC, Fdom
Abducted NASO Agent Knight wakes up at WOPI
headquarters.

WOPI Chronicles 4                 MC, Fdom
Knight awakes in Alexandra's bed.

WOPI Chronicles 3                 MC, Fdom
Alexandra, the head of WOPI, takes Knight to bed.

Dawn and Ken and Maria and David  MC, Fdom, preg
David has a problem with his dominant housekeeper. 
Dawn has a problem with her dominant boyfriend.  Dawn
solves both problems, but not the way David thought.

WOPI Chronicles 11                MC, Fdom, preg
Conclusion.

WOPI Chronicles 5                 MC, Fdom
Alexandra is seduced by a rogue WOPI operative.

WOPI Chronicles 6                 MC, Fdom
Claire, WOPI's chief psychologist finishes enslaving
Knight.

Cutters Creek 7                   MC, Mdom, preg
The State Superintendent of Education continues her
visit to the school where all the girls and most of
the women teachers have big bellies.

Sherry's Mom 2                    Mdom, slut wife,
preg
Mom takes steps to corrupt Aunt Joyce

Sabah at the Ball                 MC, Fdom, preg
Rod's Mistress deals with some jealous rivals,

Sherry's Mom 3                    Mdom, slut wife,
preg
Mom, Sherry & Joyce are all knocked up by the same
stud

WOPI Chronicles 10                MC, Fdom
Teresa and Alexandra together in captivity.

WOPI Chronicles 8                 MC, Fdom
Alexandra's captivity.

WOPI Chronicles 7                 MC, Fdom, preg
Teresa, Knight's ex-lover, goes to his rescue.

WOPI Chronicles 9                 MC, Fdom
Teresa betrayed.

Pregnant Puzzle                   MC, Mdom, preg
Advice on dealing with a superheroine girlfriend's
pregnancy.

Chloe and Mom 6                   slutwife, humor,
preg
Chloe writes Mom about her cheating gynecologist and
preggy fun with her lovers

Chloe an Mom 7                    slutwife, humor,
preg
The big sisters of Chloe's lovers come for a visit. 
Chloe has surely been naughty.  What will be her
punishment.  What will be her husband's reward?

An Author's Fantasy               MC, Fdom, humor,
preg
Homer writs about meeting the kind of reader he's
always hoped to "have."
Fantasy Aftermath                 MD, Mdom, orgy,
humor, preg
A news report growing out of the encounter f Dr.
Vargas and a reader recounted in "An Author's
Fantasy."

Fantasy Therapy                   MD, Mdom, orgy,
humor, preg
Dr Vargas has an unusual solution for a man with a
common problem 

Cheers,

Homer



=====
My stories are now found on
http://www.storiesonline.net (Thanks Lazeez) 
http://www.eroticstories.com (Thanks, Art)
http://www.asstr.org/~Vargas/stories.html (Thanks Kristen)

