Author: mypenname3000
Title: Lesbian's Reality Altering Ring Chapter Ten: Breeding Her Mother, Sisters, and Daughter
Summary: Kimberly breeds her mother, daughter, and both her sisters in this wild, sapphic orgy!
Keywords: ff Fff Ff fff inc mc oral anal rim toys trib lac voy exhib public inter breed

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader for proofing this! The first chapter of this story was a commission by the fan who brought you Summoning My Succubus Mother! I've been allowed to continue it at my own discretion.

Virginia Park

I squealed in delight, so eager to be bred by my mother.

She was an amazing goddess. She bred my other mother's womb by grinding their cunts together. A gush of juices to share their passion. It was a miracle. I was the first daughter born only of women. The first.

That made me so special.

My mothers had just made such sweet love while my mother's worshipers around the world watched on OnlyFans. It was a magical site to worship women who deserved it. The most beautiful. Most desirable.

And who was more desirable than my mommy?

Please, please, please, breed me, Mommy, I gasped, falling back on my elbows. I stretched out my legs, spreading them far apart. This was such a thrill. I was so ready for her. Knock me up! I want to have my mommy's baby.

She smiled at me. She had black hair and pale skin. You could hardly tell she was Korean. Well, half Korean. My Grandfather was White. As for me, I had lovely, brown skin from my Indian mommy Erika. She was grinning at us, so happy.

Oh, baby, I'm going to breed you, my goddess-mommy said. She leaned back on her elbows and scissored her legs with mine. Tribbing is so much fun, and when we cum, you're going to be impregnated with my baby.

Mommy! I squealed in delight. I was so excited little spots of darkness danced across my vision.

She slid her pussy closer and closer to mine. I quivered, the camerawomen getting good shots so everyone could see me being bred. Everyone! Mommy's legs slid past mine. Then her pussy was so close to me. She was almost touching me. I quivered there with delight as they were just inches apart.

Then our cunts kissed.

Mommy! I squealed. 

It was so wonderful to feel Mommy's divine cunt against mine. I shuddered, feeling the power of it. She would breed me. That would be such an amazing moment. I wanted her to flood me with all her pussy cream and put a baby in me.

I want your baby, Mommy, I moaned and humped against her.

I shuddered, so glad that I had matured to fourteen so fast. I trembled, savoring grinding my cunt against her pussy. She humped against me, too. It was an incredible rush to have our twats working together. The feel of her cunt grinding against mine was sublime. 

Mommy Erika watched as did Grandma and my sexy aunts. The entire world was watching. I quivered, my round boobs jiggling as I rubbed my hot cunt against Mommy's. The pleasure rippled through me as we rubbed our juicy pussies together.

She trembled as she humped against me. She ground on me, driving me wild. It was such a treat to experience this delight. I loved every moment of our pussies grinding together. This was so wonderful to feel our flesh kissing like this.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped. My mommy's divine pussy is making my cunt melt!

I bet it is, Granddaughter, Grandma purred in Korean.

You go, sweetie, Auntie Sandra cooed, her big boobs bouncing as she thrust an arm in the air. Her dyed-blonde hair swayed around her face. She was almost as pretty as Mommy. Almost. Enjoy that hot cunt tribbing on yours.

Enjoy, my little cutie, Mommy Erika purred. My birth mommy leaned down and kissed me on the lips. I groaned, my mouth melting to her as I humped harder against Mommy's cunt, our flesh so slippery as our juices mixed.

We humped together, our pussies grinding against one another. It was so wonderful to feel. To experience. I quivered, my heart pounding so hard in my chest as I ground my twat against Mommy's. Our clits brushed.

Sparks flared.

I squealed in delight. That felt so good. I shifted my hips again to bring our buds together. Our little pearls rubbed in slow circles. Joy flashed across Mommy's face as we ground our pussies together. It was outstanding. Just such a wonderful moment.

My orgasm built and built within me. Every time I rubbed my mother's cunt with mine, the pleasure swept through me. It was just a lovely delight. My round tits quivered as our pussies kissed with such passion.

Mommy! I gasped.

Mmm, you're going to cum with me, she purred. And I'm going to breed you!

Yes, Mommy! I gasped. Oh, Mommy, breed me!

Those words swelled my orgasm as Mommy ground her cunt even harder against mine. She wanted to knock me up. To put her next daughter in my womb. I quivered with such excitement. I was so lucky to be her daughter. I was so fortunate. I savored this moment as our bodies humped together. I loved it so much.

She groaned, humping with all her might into my pussy. She ground against me. It was wonderful. A pure delight. I savored it so much as my face twisted with delight. It was amazing. I quivered, so ready to just cum on her pussy.

Our clits kissed again.

Mommy! I squealed and came.

My pussy juices gushed out of my cunt and bathed Mommy's pussy. She shuddered, her boobs heaving. Then something warm squirted from her cunt. She gasped out her rapture as she came with me. Her juices flooded my snatch.

Mommy bred me.

My orgasm swept up to such heights. I trembled with rapture. It was ecstasy to be knocked up by my mommy. I hit the peak of my pleasure. I shuddered there, grinding my pussy against my mother's juicy cunt. I collapsed on my bed.

You're pregnant, honey, Mommy said as she sat up, her large breasts swaying.

I'm so happy! I squealed.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kimberly Park

So was I. I wanted to do more breeding. I wanted to knock up more of my family. I glanced at my busty mother. She needed to have another daughter. Not one pumped into her by a man. By my father who ran out on the family.

Mmm, why don't you sit on my face, Virginia, I told my bred daughter. And while you do that, I'm going to knock up your grandmother. I'm going to put my baby in her. How does that sound?

Awesome, Mommy! Virginia squealed. She glanced at my mother. You hear that, Grandma?

I did, Mom purred in Korean, joy shining on her face. She squeezed her bountiful tits. I'm so honored that you would breed me, daughter.

Of course, Mother, I said. Now get over here and trib me while I eat out your sexy granddaughter!

So sexy, Virginia purred as I stretched out on my back. She threw her leg over me and lowered her shaved cunt to my mouth.

The spicy and tangy aromas of our pussies filled my nose. I had drenched her in my cunt cream. Now she dripped with both our passion. She planted her twat right on mine. I loved that so much. I was so ready for this.

She sat on me. I groaned and licked at her cunt. I feasted on her with passion, my tongue sliding through her folds. In moments, her tangy flavor dominated over my spicy musk. I groaned, devouring her delicious snatch.

Come and trib with her, Grandma, Virginia moaned.

Mom scissored her legs with mine as I feasted on my daughter's pregnant snatch. I had bred my little girl. I was such a wicked mother. This made me so hot as I lapped at her cunt. I stroked my tongue through her folds.

She whimpered on me, grinding her snatch on my face. I loved how she did that. She trembled on me as Mom's pussy came closer and closer to mine. I ached to feel that thick bush rubbing on my shaved twat as I tongued my daughter's tangy pussy.

That's it, Grandmother, Virginia moaned in her flawless Korean. She spoke it far, far better than Sandra who couldn't speak Korean only understand it. Mommy's going to breed you, too.

I know, purred Mom. I can't wait to be knocked up by my own beloved daughter. It's a circle from me to her then back to me. An incestuous spiral of beauty and love.

Yes! 

I loved those words. I thrust my tongue into Virginia's cunt. Her tangy walls clenched down on me. She squirmed there as I swirled around in her. She whimpered her delight as I feasted on her with such hunger. 

Then Mom's thick bush rubbed into my shaved twat. I gasped at the ticklish caress of her curls. Her pubic hair pressed against my vulva before her cuntlips kissed at mine. I quivered as Mom moaned. She humped against me.

I loved the feel of her curls sliding over my vulva while our pussy lips rubbed together. Our clits brushed. I moaned into my daughter's twat at the burst of sparks that sizzled through me. It was such a delight. A rush to knock up my own mother.

Mommy! Virginia moaned as my tongue danced around in her twat. Oh, Mommy, yes!

My darling daughter, Mom purred as she humped against me. 

Three generations of Park women loving each other. I savored it as I ground my snatch on Mom's cunt. I humped against her as I feasted on my daughter's delicious twat. I savored this wild heat that built and built in me.

I loved how Mom's pubic hair tickled my cuntlips. It was wild as I tongued my daughter's cunt. I licked and lapped at her. I swirled around in her snatch, feasting on her with everything that I had. This was it. I would have such a big burst of pleasure.

My body trembled, the ecstasy swelling in me with every moment of grinding on that hot cunt. My heart pounded in my chest as the pleasure swelled in me. The need to just burst grew and grew in me. I trembled here.

Oh, that's so good, I moaned into my daughter's cunt.

Mmm, Mommy, she moaned, her cute rump clenching before my face. Yes, yes, tongue me!

I tongued her pussy. I licked and lapped at her cunt as I tribbed my mother. I came closer and closer to breeding her. This was an incredible rush. My clit slid through her curls and rubbed at her hot pussy lips.

The bed creaked as the three of us writhed in delight. Virginia ground her twat on my face. She smeared her tangy snatch on my face. I licked and lapped at her with everything that I had. I caressed her, savoring the taste of her.

Mommy, she breathed.

Yes, yes, cum on your mother's face, Mom moaned, her bush tickling my cunt. I am going to cum on her pussy.

Cum on her pussy, Grandmother! whimpered Virginia.

I thrust my tongue into her depths, swirling around in her deflowered pussy. I was so proud to have my daughter riding my face like this. I licked and lapped at her with hunger. I caressed her with everything that I had.

She groaned, quivering on me. She smeared her hot cunt on my face. Her moans echoed through the room. They were such delightful gasps and squeals to hear. I flicked my tongue up and down her snatch, loving the taste of her. 

My orgasm swelled in me. I whimpered, grinding hard against Mom's hairy bush. I quivered, my tongue swirling through my daughter's cunt. She moaned and gasped as she rode my face. I knew she was close to bursting.

Mommy! squealed my daughter. 

Her tangy pussy cream gushed out and bathed my mouth. I gasped in delight, opened my mouth wide, and drank it down. It was such a hot flow. I licked it all up. I savored that heat pouring out of her. I tongued her twat, quivering with the delight of this moment.

She squirmed on me, rubbing her twat on my face as she trembled through her orgasm. I licked at her twat as I humped my cunt into my mother's. Our clits brushed. Sparks flared into me. I moaned into my daughter's cunt.

Yes, yes, Mom! I moaned and came.

I gushed out pussy cream and bred my mother.

Kimberly! Mother moaned as I bathed her twat in my cunt cream.

She soaked me in her pussy juices, too. We came together. I loved the rush of grinding my snatch on her twat. Waves of heat rushed through my body as I drowned in my daughter's cunt cream. It was so wondrous.

I was in lesbian heaven. A dyke-goddess soaring through feminine passion. I tongued my daughter as my cunt writhed and convulsed. I trembled, Mom's bush rubbing on my vulva. I felt incredible as I trembled here.

Just outstanding.

My wonderful daughter, Mother moaned. Yes, yes, that's so good!

I love you, Mommy! Virginia moaned as she hit that peak. She fell off me, shuddering in delight. Oh, Mother!

I licked my lips as I lay there, my orgasm sweeping through me. A few more waves of delight washed through me. I sucked in a deep breath, my heart pounding in my chest. I felt amazing. Just outstanding.

I licked my lips as I enjoyed every moment of this. It was just an outstanding delight. I quivered, a big smile on my lips. I could just melt away. I sucked in deep breaths as rubbed my pussy against my mother's furred muff.

I had bred her.

How utterly exciting. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Seo-Yeon Park

I trembled as I rubbed at my stomach. I had my daughter's baby in me. My divine daughter's miraculous child. I felt so amazing. I buzzed with delight as my granddaughter set up. She had this wide look on her face.

Wow, Grandma, she said in better Korean than any of my children spoke. It was strange to have a granddaughter at my age. Especially one that was fourteen. It was so wicked. That was amazing. Ooh, ooh, I had a great idea. What if I fuck you with a dildo while nursing from you!

That sounds wonderful, I cooed. 

When my daughter gave me eternal youth, she also made sure that I lactated now. It was amazing the powers she had. I would always be a MILF, as she put it. I was so eager to be with my family until the end of time. That was such a rush.

Virginia grabbed the golden dildo while Kimberly motioned to Sandra, purring, Your turn to get knocked up.

Yes! my eldest daughter said. Breed me! Ooh, that's hot. Are you going to knock up the entire family!

Yep! my goddess-daughter said. She was just that amazing.

I stretched out on my back on the bed, my bush soaked in pussy cream. I kept rubbing at my belly as Virginia worked the harness for the golden dildo up her legs. The cutie's round breasts jiggling. She had such an excited look in her eyes.

She adjusted the dildo so it pressed on her clit and scrambled to me. I was so ready for her to fuck me. She stretched over me, then leaned down and kissed me on the mouth. I loved the taste of her sweet lips. I was even more eager for her to fuck me as she nursed from me.

She broke the kiss and grinned at me. I quivered as she pushed the tip of the dildo through my bush to rub at my cuntlips. I quivered in delight as she leaned down and engulfed my nipple. She drank my breast milk. 

I groaned as I nursed her. It was such a fantastic delight to have her suckling at me. She pumped away at me as my milk flowed into her mouth. She nursed on me. She suckled with everything that she had as my pussy clung to her dildo.

I loved that golden cock fucking my cunt. I moaned and writhed on the bed, reveling in this incestuous delight. My sexy granddaughter was amazing. My hands slid down her back to grab her ass. I kneaded her rump.

That's so good, Granddaughter, I moaned. Oh, you're just such a wonderful delight. Just pump away at me!

She moaned around my nipple.

My milk squirted into her mouth. I loved the feeling of her gulping down my motherly delight. That was an incredible rush. My eyes rolled back in my head as she pumped away at me. She drilled away at my cunt. 

Every time she nursed, every time she gulped down my breast milk, I quivered. I squeezed my pussy down on that thick, smooth shaft. My granddaughter pumped away at me. I moaned, stroking her back as she buried into me over and over again.

She swelled me towards my orgasm. I would have such a big one. My darling granddaughter buried into me hard and fast. I gripped her rump. I kneaded her ass as she buried hard into me. She nursed with everything that she had.

Drink all my breast milk, my darling granddaughter, I whimpered in Korean. My fingers slipped into her butt-crack. Yes, yes, you're a miracle. You're precious. The first daughter born to two women. A wondrous goddess!

I found her asshole as she thrust the dildo over and over into my pussy. I loved the feel of her doing that. It was such a rush to have her fucking me like that. She pounded me so hard. So fast. It was such a rush. I quivered there, my heart beating so fast. This was wild.

I loved this so much.

She gulped down my breast milk as I pushed my finger against her anal ring. It popped in with ease. I wiggled about in her asshole as she drove away at my pussy. My orgasm swelled at me. She moaned around my nipple.

I loved my granddaughter nursing from me. She pumped the dildo in and out of my cunt. She was pregnant, too. We were both having Kimberly's daughters. That was so wonderful. I felt so close to my family. 

Yes, yes, yes, I'm going to cum! I moaned.

Cum, Grandmother! whimpered Victoria, her lips wet with my breast milk. 

She kissed me, her lips coated in that sweet cream. I loved the taste. I thrust my finger deep into her asshole as she drove the dildo to the hilt in me. I groaned and burst with delight. The pleasure rushed through me. I whimpered into her mouth.

I bucked beneath her, the pleasure surging through my body. That wonderful ecstasy washed over my mind. Stars burst across my vision. It was so amazing. So wonderful to enjoy this delight. I shuddered, my heart pounding in my chest.

I kissed her with passion as she moaned and quivered, her asshole writhing around my digit.

We climaxed together.

I shared this wonderful passion with my sexy granddaughter. I was such a lucky woman to have this amazing family. To have given birth to Kimberly. I shuddered beneath my daughter, our tongues dancing together.

It was fantastic as the pleasure drowned my mind. The wonderful, incestuous bliss. This wasn't taboo or forbidden. This was holy. Sacred. My eyes rolled back into my head as I savored every last moment of this bliss.

I was just so happy to have my amazing family. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sandra Park

I'm pregnant with your baby, I said to my divine sister.

Kimberly smiled at me as she pulled her shaved cunt from mine. Yes, you are. You'll be having our daughter in just nine days.

Our daughter, I breathed as I glanced over to see my other sister, Andrea, waiting. Kimberly and Andrea were twins, but it was clear that one of them was a goddess and the other was just a hot girl. Like me. Your turn.

Yes, Kimberly purred as I slid my cunt from her divine pussy. I want to knock you up, too, Andrea. I want to make you preggers.

I've wanted to have your daughter all my life, cooed Andrea.

Confusion flashed across Kimberly's face for a moment. Then she purred, Of course you have. You've always been my cute twin sister.

Always, agreed Andrea. She broke away from her girlfriend and slid onto the bed, taking the spot I had just been at. Mom and Virginia were cuddling nearby, their bodies pressed tight. This was so hot.

Andrea and Kimberly scissored their legs together. The twins came closer and closer, both their breasts jiggling. Andrea had a nice pair of round and perky Cs, the smallest tits in the family. Well, hers were as big as Virginia's. 

Their shaved cunts came closer and closer together. I quivered when they met. The twins both moaned. They undulated their hips, smearing their vulvas together. It was so hot. My pussy was so wet. I glanced at Andrea, her face twisted in delight.

Ive got to sit on your face, I moaned and threw my leg over my little sister's face.

Sure, Sandra, groaned Andrea as I lowered my twat to her mouth. Mmm, I love eating your pussy so much. You're yummy!

Good, I groaned and savored planting my cunt on my sister's mouth.

Kimberly grinned at me while Andrea licked at my twat. I shuddered at the feel of my sister's tongue sliding through my folds. She flicked in just the right way. I groaned, my big boobs jiggling before me. 

Kimberly winked at me as she tribbed her twin sister. I loved the sight of my divine sister grinding her shaved cunt on our other sister. It was just a wicked delight to witness. I loved every second of it. I hummed as I watched, my body quivering with excitement.

Ooh, just grind against me, Andrea! moaned Kimberly. I'm going to breed you! Ooh, yes, yes, I'm going to breed you! How does that sound?

Great, whimpered Andrea, her voice moaning into my snatch.

I loved the feel of her tongue stroking through my flesh. She lapped at me, brushing my labia and clit. I groaned, my butt-cheeks clenching. This was just the best thing in the world. I was so thrilled to have her munching on my twat.

I watched Kimberly's big boobs heaving as she humped her twat against her sister's snatch. I shuddered as I hurtled closer and closer to cumming. Closer and closer to bursting with all that delight. I whimpered, my face contorting with the pleasure.

God, you're so tasty, moaned Andrea as she tongued my clit. Just so yummy!

And you have such a hot cunt, moaned Kimberly. I'm so glad I have only women in my family! Yes, yes, just so glad!

Sapphic bliss is the best! I gasped, Andrea's tongue darting into my pussy.

She swirled around in my cunt. I loved the feel of her dancing around in me. It was an incredible delight to have her teasing me like that. Just so wonderful to have her lapping at me with such hunger. She made me quiver.

I loved her tongue swirling about in my snatch. She gave me such bliss. I squeezed my tits, kneading them as I loved my little sister feasting on me. The air brimmed with our family's pussy cream. Just all our wonderful passion.

Oh, damn, Andrea, I groaned, climbing towards my orgasm.

Are you going to cum on her? Kimberly asked. Huh, huh?

You know it, I purred to my goddess-sister. I'm going to drown our sister in pussy cream!

Yum! Andrea moaned. She plunged her tongue back into my cunt.

I loved her dancing it around in me. She stirred me up as I watched Kimberly quivering. She humped her cunt against our sister's pussy. It was such a hot sight to watch. I loved it as I rose towards my orgasm. Towards that big burst of cum that would have me drowning Andrea in cunt juices.

The pleasure rippled through me. I loved the way she tongued me. How she stirred me up. My eyes squeezed closed for a moment, my big boobs jiggling. I gripped my large tits, squeezing them as I savored this pleasure.

I focused on Kimberly's large tits. They heaved as she ground her cunt against our sister's cunt. The twincest on display was magical. The cameras were still filming this, broadcasting to our worshipers around the world.

Oh, my god, I moaned, eager for a world of sapphic passion. That's it!

Yes! whimpered Andrea.

She licked at my clit. She stroked over my bud, bringing me closer and closer to cumming. She fluttered back and forth as Kimberly ground her cunt hard against Andrea's twat. All three of us were moaning and groaning.

Three sisters sharing in our incestuous love for each other. It was such a beautiful thing. I quivered, so close to bursting. So close to just exploding from all this passion rushing through me. I squeezed my boobs, Andrea fluttering her tongue against my clit. My bud burst with sparks.

I'm going to breed you, Kimberly moaned, her face twisting with delight. Oh, I'm going to breed you!

Yes! Andrea squealed and suckled hard on my clit.

I gasped and burst with delight. The pleasure surged through me. I gasped, my body bucking. My boobs bounced as I drowned my little sister in my pussy cream. My pregnant twat gushed my juices as the ecstasy swept through me. 

Oh, yes, yes, Kimberly, Andrea moaned into my cunt. Oh, breed me. I... I... Yes!

Andrea! Kimberly moaned as our sister came. Then my divine sister threw back her head. Her big boobs heaved, too. Yes!

In that moment, Kimberly bred the last woman of our family. She knocked Andrea like she had already done to me and Mom. The pleasure swept through my body. I gasped and moaned out in ecstasy. I loved this bliss so much. It was an incredible rush to have all this rapture sweeping through my body. 

I tossed my head from side to side, stars dancing before my eyes. I groaned, my body trembling. The pleasure swept through me. Such ecstasy burned through my body. I gasped and moaned, bursting with such delight.

Kimberly shuddered, grinding her snatch into Andrea. Their juices coated each other, cream spilling over the other's vulva. I loved the sight as I quivered through my ecstasy. I shuddered, my face twisting with delight as I hit that wonderful peak of bliss.

Oh, yes, I groaned, savoring the orgasm. 

Andrea licked at my pussy as I squirmed on her mouth. I rubbed at my belly, just so thrilled that I was knocked up by my little sister. I would have a lesbian baby. It was a miracle. I was so happy. Tears brimmed in my eyes.

That sapphic future was closer and closer all the time. I breathed in and out, so glad to be here to witness it. It would be glorious. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Andrea Park

You bred me, I purred after Sandra spilled off me. Her pussy juices soaked my lips. I sat up, my cunt still rubbing on Kimberly's. That's just such a miracle. I'm a woman that's going to have my twin sister's baby!

I had a dream where you were a boy, Kimberly said to me as she pulled her pussy from mine. Named Andre.

Well, I've always been a girl, I said. I mean, we got our periods at the same time. We shopped for training bras together. Gossiped about how hot Scarlet Johansson is in her bodysuit as Black Widow.

Best part of Iron Man 2, groaned Kimberly. Right, right, you've always been a woman. And you have a yummy pussy I want to eat. Let's sixty-nine!

I grinned at my twin sister. I had shared a womb with a goddess. I was so lucky. Of course! I love eating your pussy!

Kimberly stretched out on her back, her big boobs jiggling. She spread her legs apart, her shaved twat dripping with both our juices. I licked my lips, so eager to eat her out. Though it was weird that she would dream I was a boy.

It was even on my birth certificate. Andrea Park. I was born a girl. I had always been a girl. I would always be a girl. A lesbian. The sister to the amazing Kimberly. I was so lucky to have her. I couldn't wait to have my twin's daughter.

I straddled her head and lowered my pussy to her face. I sat on her. She instantly licked at me, moaning her delight. Her tongue felt so amazing stroking through my folds. I arched my back and licked my lips.

I buried my face into her cunt and devoured her.

At first, I tasted my sweet pussy then came the spiciness of my sister. I shuddered at that special flavor. I licked and lapped at her snatch with such hunger. She had such a yummy twat. Her body quivered beneath me as I tongued her. 

My breasts rubbed into her stomach, my nipples throbbing. She groaned, her hands grabbing my ass. She licked at me with a hunger that was just amazing. She had bred my pussy, and now she pleasured it with a goddess's skill.

I licked at her with just as much enthusiasm as she licked at my cunt. It was an incredible rush to feast on her like this. I tongued her with passion. I fluttered up and down her snatch. She groaned as I feasted on her.

I licked her. Lapped at her. I devoured her with everything that I had. It was an incredible treat to lick at my twin sister's wonderful pussy. Her hands gripped my rump as I thrust my tongue into her spicy cunt. I danced it around in her.

Oh, yes, yes, she whimpered. Ooh, that's so good. I love it. We're going have whole generations of women.

Yes, yes, yes! I groaned.

So hot, Mommy! my niece, Virginia purred.

I tongued Kimberly's pussy with hunger. I licked at my twin sister with all the passion I had. My orgasm built in me. Her skilled tongue knew just where to stroke me. How to tease me. I shuddered atop her, my nipples drinking in the feel of her belly.

That was such a hot delight to enjoy. I tongued her with passion. The heat swept through me as I squirmed on her. I rose towards that big burst of pleasure. I would just drown in my own ecstasy as I made her cum.

I swirled my tongue around in her snatch. Her fingers bit into my rump as I did that. I stroked over her as she shuddered. It was such a thrill to devour her like this. To eat her cunt with such passion. She trembled beneath me.

She was just such a naughty slut.

I loved that so much. I feasted on her with hunger. I tongued her with passion. She groaned as I licked at her. I lapped with such passion at her cunt. She groaned as my tongue danced around in her. I flicked up to her bud.

Yes! she moaned.

Mmm, let's cum together, I moaned and suckled hard on my divine twin's bud.

She engulfed my clit with her plump lips and moaned her complete agreement.

I shuddered beneath my sister. I nursed on her bud, loving the way she groaned as I did it. She quivered there as I suckled on her hard. She shuddered as my fingers dug into her rump. I squeezed her ass with force.

I swirled my tongue around her bud. She groaned as I did that. She did the same to me. My orgasm swelled in me. Her spicy juices soaked my lips. I loved this so much. She shuddered beneath me as I quivered on her.

We exploded together.

My pussy convulsed with orgasmic delight. My cunt cream gushed out of me and bathed my sister's mouth. She bucked beneath me, her juices flooding out of her snatch. I drank down her passion. I swallowed every drop of her spicy treat I could.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned into her cunt.

Oh, Andrea! she moaned, her boobs rubbing into my stomach.

We drank each other's passion. Two sexy sisters loving each other. We had shared a womb. Come into this world together. It was so wonderful to eat each other's pussies. To climax in unison. It was such a wonderful thrill.

I loved her so much. I drank her pussy juices as she licked at my bred twat. I closed my eyes, shuddering through my pleasure. My orgasmic bliss swept over my mind and consumed me. It was so wonderful to share this delight with her.

Just such a wonderful thrill. I was never happier. I could just lie here like this forever. I licked at her cunt with hunger as I gathered up every drop of her juices I could. She fluttered her tongue up and down my folds.

Oh, Andrea, she purred. Yes, yes, you must have always been a girl.

Of course, I cooed, rubbing my face into her snatch. How could you, the Sapphic Goddess, be born with a twin brother? That makes no sense.

So true. 

I turned around on top of my twin sister and came face with her. I kissed her with passion. Our lips melted together, soaked in our pussy cream. Her spicy and my sweet pussy cream mixed to make a wonderful mlange of flavors.

I slid my hands down her back and cupped her ass. I felt so amazing right now. I was just so glad that our family was loving each other. It was such a thrill to experience this delight. I kissed my twin sister with all my love. 

I was so lucky to have been born with her. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Virginia Park

Mommy and Aunt Andrea broke apart. I quivered, feeling so good right now. I had so much fun. I wanted to have more powers. I wanted to be given my blessing by Mommy. She was such an amazing woman. 

I moved to her and stood proud before her. She smiled and cupped my hairless pussy. Want your blessing, do you?

I nodded.

Mmm, how would you like to be a breeder? If you trib with a woman, she'll have your baby, and every woman will want to trib with you if you let them.

Oh, that sounds amazing, Mommy, I purred as her fingers pushed into my pussy lips.

In addition, said Mommy, how would you like the ability to teleport around like I can. You can hop around the world, making love with women, breeding them, then coming back home.

My eyes widened in delight. Really!

Really, my goddess-mommy cooed, her fingers wiggling around in my cunt. I'm going to give you the power to do that. How amazing is that? You'll be bamfing around the world and having so much fun.

Bamfing? I asked with a giggle.

Sorry, it's a comic book thing. Mommy winked at me. You ready to receive your blessing, my darling Virginia?

I nodded. Do it, Mommy! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kimberly Park

I concentrated on giving my daughter the ability to breed any woman she wanted, not just to have a chance like other woman. She would always make them preggers if she chose to. On top of that, I gave her the ability to teleport and to stay young and beautiful. Every woman would want to have sex with her.

It was a powerful wish. Hopefully, her pussy was better than a normal girl. She could supply me with more pussy power.

She gasped as my fingers drank in her pussy cream. The ring twitched on my digit as the cutie quivered there. I leaned in and kissed her. My mouth melted onto my daughter's. She whimpered as she kissed me back, her tongue dancing in mine.

She quivered as her cunt kept producing more and more juices. She was easily able to power this wish. I shuddered, savoring this moment as I decided to give myself a new power, too. My daughter had a passion for it.

I focused on it. A touch, and a man would become a woman. Just a touch.

I was a goddess. Of course, I could do that.

My daughter's pussy powered that wish, but I could feel her finally running dry. She had so much power in her that I gave her one more gift. I swelled the size of her breasts. They grew as big and firm as mine. 

Her cunt ran dry.

I broke the kiss and smiled at her. She grinned at me. I've always wanted to go to Paris, Mommy! I want to see the Eiffel Tower!

Just like that, my daughter vanished.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Virginia Park

I appeared on the top of the Eiffel Tower and gasped. It was amazing. And it was near sunset. I quivered, my birthday so amazing. I was fourteen. It was just such a treat to quiver here on top of the tower and look around at all the people who stared at me.

The women quivered. They stared at my new big boobs and curvy body with such lust in their eyes. I smiled at them, so eager to enjoy myself. There was a woman with black hair that stood beside a girl my age. Her daughter.

I am the daughter of our Sapphic Goddess, Kimberly! I moaned, pointing at the mother and the daughter. You two are blessed to devour my pussy and asshole. I have chosen you for that gift! Then I shall deliver another gift to you both! A miracle! But first, devour me!

Yes! they both moaned, their eyes burning with lust.

Men and women around me all reacted differently. The men looked shocked or embarrassed while sneaking looks at me. The women quivered and gathered around to witness my sapphic beauty. My big boobs quivered as the mother and daughter darted for me.

The girl reached me first, dropping to her knees and burying her face into my shaved pussy. She licked at my cunt with her wonderful tongue. She lapped at me with such worship. I shuddered as she submitted to her sapphic lusts.

The mother groaned something in French and moved around me. She dropped behind me and parted my butt-cheeks. Magnifique.

She pressed her face into my butt-crack and licked at me. She lapped at my anal ring as her daughter licked at my pussy. I savored the feel of them both worshiping me. Pleasure flowed through my body.

Yes, I moaned as the watching women quivered. They wiggled their hips, lusting for me. I am your Goddess's firstborn. The first girl born to two women! Oh, yes, yes, love me!

The women all groaned.

The daughter thrust her tongue into my pussy, swirling around in my deflowered depths. The mother danced her tongue around my asshole. She pushed her tongue against my anal ring, stretching it open more and more. 

She popped into my bowels. I loved her stirring around in me. It was an incredible rush to have her doing that. She did such wicked and naughty things to my anal sheath. I loved having both their tongues in my holes.

They swirled around in me, stirring up my naughty bits. I loved this so much. My entire body trembled from the pleasure coursing through me. I squeezed my butt-cheeks down around the mom's face as the daughter licked at my snatch.

I shuddered at what they did to me. The mother and daughter worshiped me while all those women watched on, pushing out the men. The women groped themselves through their clothes. They stared at me with such lust in their eyes.

They loved me. They all wanted me. Ached to be in the place of the mother and daughter.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, the mother's tongue fucking in and out of my asshole while the daughter's tongue fluttered up to my clit. You're all so wonderful. Oh, yes, yes, I am so glad to be here among you all!

I quivered, savoring this pleasure rippling through my body. It was an incredible delight to have them tonguing me. The pleasure swept through my body. My face contorted with delight. I groaned, savoring the heat coursing through me.

I trembled, my heart pounding in my chest. This was so amazing. Just an outstanding delight. I would have such a huge burst of pleasure. A mighty climax on their tongues. I quivered, my head shaking from side to side.

The daughter's tongue danced over my bud while the mother swirled her tongue around in my asshole. The stimulation was amazing. I gripped my big boobs. I squeezed those large and lush mounds. Women stared at my nipples, aching for them.

So beautiful, whimpered from the crowd.

Gorgeous.

I want her!

Oh, she's irresistible!

They whispered in other languages, too. I quivered, drinking them in as I rose towards my climax. Yes, I breathed. Oh, yes, watch me cum!

I threw back my head and climaxed on the mother's and daughter's tongues. The pleasure burst in my cunt and washed through my body. I trembled as the waves of delight rushed through my body. My huge tits heaved. The watching women cheered me on.

They clapped and applauded as my pussy cream drowned the daughter's hungry mouth. She licked at my cunt with such passion. She stroked her tongue through my folds. I reveled in this passion. I quivered through all the ecstasy rushing through me.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Oh, you all love me!

The watching women shrieked their love to me as my asshole writhed around the mother's tongue.
I shuddered, my hands squeezing my big boobs as the pleasure surged through me. Such wild ecstasy bathed my mind. The waves of euphoria swept through me. They were intense. Amazing. I shuddered through such passion. I loved this bliss so much. It was an outstanding ecstasy.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, my head tossing from side to side. Oh, that's so good. You all love me so much. Oh, you're all so beautiful! So wonderful! Yes, yes, you're all so amazing!

My orgasm lifted me higher, the mother's tongue dancing in my asshole. The daughter stroked through my folds, brushing my clit. I quivered, a big smile spreading on my lips. It was so amazing. I hit the peaks of my pleasure.

I was so ready to breed them both. That would be so hot. I looked out at the crowd of tourists. Who wants to see me breed the mother and daughter?

The women squealed, hands raised in the air. They all loved me. All wanted me.

Then get naked and watch me make a sapphic miracle in both of their wombs! I moaned, my entire body burning with this passion. It was so exciting. I blazed with it. I was so thankful to be the daughter of a Goddess.

So privileged.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kimberly Park

It was finally time to find my father. Virginia was off on her fun. It was time to find the bastard who ran out of my family. I didn't know what I would do to him. I closed my eyes and concentrated on where he was in the world.

I bamfed. 

To be continued...
