Packing up their things would have taken a long time, had someone not already directed the fish butlers and frog footmen to take care of the chore for them while they ’d been out. 

“Who knows about our house?” Alice asks, considering the trunks that had been thoughtfully piled beside their door on the fourth floor of the West Wing’s Round Turret. 

Tarrant frets over how to explain without Over-explaining. “The Queen. I informed her that I, or we might be changing our residence following the completion of our Courtship...” 

“Might?” she echoes. 

“Yes. Those were my precise words exactly.” 

“Hm. Well, I suppose being Queen, she can hear what she wants to.” 

“That would be one of the benefits of her position, yes,” he agrees. “And it appears she is giving us her blessing on the matter.” 

“Then what are we waiting for?” Alice asks, grinning cheekily. 

That evening, they finish moving their things through their Rooms. 

“Is there no direct route we could take?” Alice had grumbled at one point (while helping to lug a particularly heavy trunk and Tarrant had wondered just what could Alice have in there? She’d only been in Underland for the span of two months and she’d already collected not only an impressive assortment of trunks, but quite hefty ones at that!) to which Tarrant had answered, “Shall I ask her Majesty’s permission to have a door in the castle open near our house? I suppose she would prefer that should she wish to summon us suddenly...” 

Alice had prevaricated, “Er, well, perhaps we’ll just discuss that with her... later.” 

The hot look Alice had given him over the trunk they’d been carrying between them had left little doubt in his mind as to her motivation for wishing to be... inaccessible for the foreseeable future. The realization, however, had not helped to settle his nerves. 

Those nerves are still fluttering, although weakly, as he waits for Alice to return to their room. They had picnicked outside in the garden for dinner (as he has yet to draw upon his resources and manage a table and chairs for the kitchen) and had taken turns bathing (each unpacking their trunks while the other had been washing up) and now the sun has set. 

Their Courtship is over. 

In deference to that, he had removed his jacket, waistcoat, and ascot (he senses that their presence somehow irritates his wife, although he is not sure why... yet ; he plans to inquire about that... eventually) and now he sits on the settee, a book that he isn’t reading in his hands and his glasses – through which he stares blankly – perched on his nose. 

He knows what is coming. Alice had given him four weeks to court her, which he had done to the best of his abilities. His reward for that had been given to him earlier in the form of the pear she had grown and harvested just for him. His reward: her Love. And now, her reward... Tarrant cannot fathom how he could be anyone’s reward, but he wants to be hers. He is simply not sure... The madness is still... And his self-control is not... And what if... But he owes it to her to try... 

“What are you reading?” Alice asks, startling him. He glances up and smiles sheepishly as she shuts the door behind her. Her hair is still damp and she is wrapped up snuggly in her robe and slippers. The wave of relief – she will not try to Tempt him; she will keep her promise to give him as much time as he needs! – nearly has him sliding to the rug on the floor. 

“I’m not reading anything at the moment,” he replies honestly. 

She chuckles and sits down next to him on the settee. She leans against his side, looks over his arm at the tome in his hand. “Ah... Pride and Prejudice. Dipping into my book collection again, I see. Will you read a bit to me?” 

He glances at her, quite flattered by her request. Unfortunately, she takes his silence and surprise for doubt. 

“Please?” she implores. 

“Of course, my dear. Of course.” He wraps an arm around her shoulders and she leans her hand on his thigh and the scent from her just-washed hair teases his nose and he reads as best he can with such exquisite distractions. 

Clearing his throat, Tarrant begins, “Every object in the next day ’ s journey was new and interesting to Elizabeth; and her spirits were in a state of enjoyment...” He holds the book with his left hand and she turns the pages for him with her right and when he arrives at the end of the chapter, she sighs happily. 

“Thank you.” 

“My pleasure,” he answers, pressing a kiss to her hair. It occurs to him then that he is no longer quite so distraught. He is nervous, still, but he feels... 

The hand on his leg stirs. His hands twitch at the sensation and nearly chase after Alice’s arm as she stands and moves to consider the fire in the hearth. She is not pressuring him or asking him to make love to her... yet, he almost wishes she would. 

Then, as if she reads his mind, she says, “It need not happen tonight, although I would have no objections if it did.” 

Objections. Yes, they are hesitating now over his objections, his fears. He does not want to feel fear, not for any reason and most especially not here, with Alice in their room. Tarrant knows he will have to face his madness sometime and he remembers the warmth of Alice’s hand on his thigh just now – his skin still burns from it – and he remembers how she had called out to him from the bathing room in the grip of pleasure... and he remembers how she had moved with him, under him, against him on the berry-scattered ground... and he remembers how she had crawled into his lap to chase his scent and taste on that hilltop overlooking the castle... 

He shudders, sighs, says, “I... also have no objections.” 

He has surprised her; she turns toward him, her lips parting. “You...” she begins, licking her lips too quickly for it to be more than a nervous gesture. His body, already simmering with heat and expectation and Want, does not particularly care. The sight does things to him that ought to be impossible. 

And then she smiles. She lifts her hands to the belt of her robe, unties it, and shrugs the garment from her shoulders. Alice – his wife ! – stands, illuminated by the fire, in naught but her very thin nightdress. 

For a moment, his mind is utterly blank. And then, blessedly, it is not. He gathers his courage, sets the book aside, returns her smile, and murmurs, “Have you swallowed the moon, my Alice? You glow brighter than she tonight.” 

“Do I? I hope she’s not the jealous sort.” 

She walks towards him, her nightdress a whisper against the recently Painted floor. 

“I’m afraid, Alice,” he admits, but his hands still reach for her. 

“You won’t break me,” she assures, sinking to her knees before him. This is not right; he should be the one on his knees before her , the one supplicating to her brilliance and beauty, not she before him. No, this is Not Right, he suddenly realizes. He is not ready... not calm ... not in control! 

“No, Alice, please, I…” 

“I want to.” The statement is resolute. Her eyes burn, two orbs of hazel light. They are the same color, he realizes, as the crystals that light and warm the chandeliers in his Heart room. 

Alice takes advantage of his inaction to reach up and carefully remove his reading glasses. She sets them on the table which had been created with that very purpose in mind. 

“Do you trust me?” she asks, though she should know the answer to that. Would know the answer to that, if his trust in her weren’t so tangled up in his lack of the emotion towards himself. He swallows. 

“I have faith in you. In whom you are becoming. In whom you already are.” 

“Then nothing else matters,” she whispers. Placing her palms on his thighs, she slides them slowly, slowly, ever upward. 

“Trust me,” she breathes, and his head tilts back, his eyes close. The surrender is complete. 

The buttons on his trousers are unfastened, one by one, and he feels each instance with exquisite intensity. He is aching, throbbing, panting with each button her careful fingers slip through the holes. With each one released, his desire for her grows stronger. Warm hair is tangled in his grasp before he realizes he’s reached out for her. The unexpected motion disturbs him. He should stop this, he knows. He is not In Control and this could go very badly for her... for them... He licks his lips, summons the words, but they scatter with his next breath. 

Back aching from restraining his thrusts, he whimpers when she abandons the trouser buttons temporarily in favor of his shirt. She pulls it gently out from his pants. The sensation of the fabric sliding over his skin makes him cry out, and this time he does arch, spasms. Soft wetness on his belly hints at her lips on his skin, but his eyes are still pressed tightly shut. 

“Alice,” he says, fingers tightening in her hair. He tugs, gently, his eyes open, and he looks down to see her staring up at him. “Stand with me,” he requests. 

Leading her, they reach the side of the bed (their bed!) and then he kisses her, his trouser buttons half-undone, shirt untucked, and all. Thoughts of stopping, of delaying, of fearing are no longer nudging his conscience. He needs her, Wants her, will have her...! If she stops touching him now, Tarrant fears he may actually perish from unfulfilled desire. 

“Perhaps... we should lie down?” he suggests between heavy breaths, desperate for her, but uncertain of how to continue without… 

She does so, lying back amongst the pile of pillows she doesn’t care for, but has allowed for him , because he requires them for slumber. He lifts himself onto the bed, turns, crawls towards her. He must not hurt her. He must not! 

Warm arms wind around his shoulders. Warm hands clutch at his loosened shirt. Warm kisses decorate his jaw line. Tarrant tilts his head, nuzzles her neck, breathes in her scent, drowns in it. He has her beneath him, reaching for him, and he Wants that and more! He wants her nightdress on the floor in shreds and her legs around his waist as he...! 

Tarrant pulls back from her hot, clinging mouth. The need for her is so strong. Too strong. 

“What are you doing? Tarrant?” she asks, as his hands abandon the perfection of her skin – her neck, her arms, her face – to touch his own flesh. He knows he may end up disappointing her but if he does not slake his lust now he will Take her! If only Alice weren’t so very warm and welcoming and wonderful and...! It’s better this way, he tells himself, shouts within his own mind. Better to Disappoint than to Damage...! 

He thrusts against his hand, pants against her neck, drinks in her scent. They are here together and she keeps saying his name and he needs her but dear Underland he’s so terrified of hurting her and he doesn’t want to hurt her doesn’t deserve this doesn’t deserve her still wants her needs her has her—! 

“Tarrant.” 

A wave, a clenching, and a tightening that will not be denied, and he releases onto their joined hands. When had hers found their way to atop his? Had they been there all along? 

Another kiss steals his thoughts along with his breath, revealing both for the unimportant trivialities they are. Tongues rediscover each other, taste, reach. Oh, he had missed her taste in those moments of blind instinct. He had missed her taste and warmth and softness and Alice-ness all through their Courtship. He had denied himself, denied them... 

No longer.