The Solitary Arrow
by Mack the Knife

Part Thirteen

Harlen put his arm under Hyandais ribs and helped her stay on her feet. She felt wasted and thin, like she had spent months in a dark cell. He looked over the carnage in the room that Hyandai had wrought alone. Body parts lay strewn about, and whole bodies, cloven in two, heads, arms, and legs.

She shuddered as she saw it too, as for the first time. No wonder they called me a witch. She muttered.

Harlen started to move them forward again, toward the shattered doorway. You were magnificent. He said, kissing her hair. You looked like a warrior goddess from the old tales from Syriss.

She looked at the ehladrel in his hand. It was the weapon. She said. There is a reason the orcs fear it. And my people seek its return.

They came to the fallen body of Letharon. Hyandai looked at his still-shocked face. He was one of our greatest warriors, Harlen. She said, her voice heavy with sadness.

Why did he do this? He asked.

Some elven folk believe it a mistake to work closely with the humans, a minority, but a increasingly radical minority. The losses of the battles in the Windy Isles have caused them to begin a campaign to subvert the people away from the crowns will and turn us back inwards, like our Starre Island cousins. She shook her head. There are dark elves among them, as well, being as they share some goals.

Harlen muttered. The enemy of my enemy is my friend. 

She knelt and closed Letharons eyes, needing the huntsmans help to regain her feet. I wish it were not so, but they see it that way, indeed. She looked back at Lotharon as Harlen guided her out the doorway. He was a hero once, and now has died defying the will of his people, the ones he swore to protect, it pains me to see him in such ignoble company upon a field of death.

Harlen nodded. He chose the wrong path. He said. Becoming that which you hate to destroy another which you hate gains you nothing. I learned that the hard way. He gave her a wry smile.

She kissed him on the cheek. Forgive yourself now, beloved. She said.

They cautiously approached the stairs, but there was no movement in any of the side chambers. All the orcs, it seemed, had truly fled in terror at the wroth of the witch queen. Harlen could not blame them; he was more than a little frightened of the small woman who now leaned on him for support.

As they descended the stairs, Harlen said. I thought you had to have a willing person to perform your spiritual leap into them.

She shook her head. Only if you wish them to survive it. She looked at him with sad eyes. I was not concerned if the orcs minds were destroyed at my coming into them. She again looked at the ehladrel. I was not concerned for much, except defeating those that would stand in my way to freedom. It is a terrible weapon you hold, Harlen. It does not care who it destroys, so long as an elf wields it and believes in what he is doing.

Isnt it that way with all weapons? He replied as he looked into the corridor toward the exit of the tower.

She sighed and said. Yes, I guess it is. Again, there was nothing moving in the tower. The orcs had fled far from this place of terror for their kind. There may have been several hundreds in the fortress, but the word of the witch queen broke their will, and none of their kind would stand for being simply slaughtered. Harlen envied orcs their very selfish attitude, though it is also why they have achieved little in the world. He grinned realizing that selfishness gains an individual, and selflessness gains a people.

They emerged into the darkness of early night. Hyandai scanned the surrounding hillocks and rock piles. There is nothing moving, save small animals. She pronounced. Was I truly so terrifying? She asked, looking at Harlen with large eyes.

He nodded sadly. Yes. He said simply.

She touched his cheek. Even for you?

He looked away from her, breaking the contact with those green, luminous eyes. Yes. He said. To know my lover can destroy a mans mind with but a glance, or his body with a simple flick of her wrist. He looked back at her. How is a man to react to such terrifying power?

She shrugged, a habit she had been increasingly using as she spent time with the man she loved. How am I to react to a man who could snap my neck like kindling? She said quietly. Or break my heart with a few little words. She added, her eyes dropping. You may not know it, but when I first met you, the very first human I had actually spoken to, and one of the first I had seen, I was terrified of you. You were so big and powerful, and moved like an animal, a bear stalking his wood. She smiled. But I needed to trust you, so I bit that back and trusted you.

He smiled at the memory of their meeting, seemingly so long ago, but only, in reality, perhaps two weeks. Youre saying I should trust you now?

She nodded. Please. Her eyes implored him. This was very important to her, and she knew if he could not trust her, their love was doomed. My power will never be used to hurt you, and you know that.

He considered this as they descended the steps that led to the mouth of the fortress, both keeping wary eyes out on the field and surrounding environs. I guess that I do. He finally said. As I suppose you do, as well.

She smiled and kissed his shoulder. With my very life. She whispered. They finally reached the first outlying rock piles and did their best to blend into them, and move quietly between the formations and small hills, leading back to the high pass to his home.

Hyandai could not climb the steep path up to the pass this night, and they sought out some secluded location to pitch their blankets for a nights sleep. Harlen finally declared a spot somewhat suitable and they unfurled their beds. She immediately sought his touch as they lay down and he embraced her, knowing that to make her feel, even in the least, unwanted, would hurt her greatly. He soon realized he was drawing as much comfort from her as she was from him, and smiled into her cinnamon-scented hair as they both drifted into uneasy sleep.

---

In the morning, Hyandai seemed much recovered, though there was still a noticeable darkening around her eyes. She awoke Harlen with a passionate kiss, they both smiled at the bright morning that greeted them as they moved from the shadows of the cleft they had chosen for a shelter. He sought out a vantage point and used his spyglass to peer back down at the fortress.

Our friends didnt stay scared for too long. He said, with a sour expression on his face. Theyre back, and in force.

She nodded. We must be cautious, then. She murmured as he clambered down the rocks he had stood upon. They will not tarry with us again, they will try to kill us, and may even have gifted among them now, their own magicians.

The two ate quickly of their nearly depleted stores of food, and rolled their beds up and tossed them into their packs. Hyandai took possession of the ehladrel and strapped it to her back, as Harlen remembered her brother wearing his. I will only use it if I must, beloved. She said as he looked on her with worried eyes while she tied it over her shoulder. He seemed satisfied with that, and nodded curtly as he took several of his arrows and refilled Hyandais now empty quiver.

They set off to climb the steep path, and managed to finish their ascent by noon, though Hyandai was completely spent at the finish, and Harlen had to nearly carry her. They peered down at the fortress. Bands of the orcs were fanning out from it, and he pulled forth his spyglass again.

Two groups of over a dozen of the foul creatures were pressing toward the pass they had ascended. He examined them as best he could at this distance. They seemed to be searching as they went, meaning they had not already spotted the two of them. Hyandai sat upon a stone, leaning on a larger one next to it. They pursue us? She said quietly.

Harlen said. Yes, and two groups seem to be coming this way. He looked again. Perhaps thirty in total.

She sighed. I cannot fight off that many again, betrothed. Said quietly. It would kill me.

He looked at her a long moment. I know. He said. Can you walk farther?

She nodded, but it had no emphasis to it. A ways, but not far. She said.

Then come, we will leave the pass and hide to let you regain your strength. He said, taking her hand and guiding her northward. They explored up high onto the side of the mountain, peering into its crevasses and under its stone-littered sides. Harlen was cautious the whole time to mask the signs of their passing. Finally, he found a small hollow under a large boulder, and they took shelter within. It was barely large enough for the two of them to lie flat and side by side, but neither seemed to mind.

Harlen stacked stones in his best guess of the look of random rubble outside the entrance to mask it from all but the closest scrutiny. They then laid within and rested, and spoke softly, at the times when they were both wakeful.

Hyandai was very concerned that there may be more elves of minds akin to Lotharons. She did not relish returning the ehladrel to her folk, only to have it again seized by zealots.

Harlen shrugged at that. I dont see how it can be protected absolutely. He said. You need it, but are afraid to use it. Not a pleasant dilemma.

She agreed. The dichotomy of power, I guess. She murmured into his neck. She began kissing his exposed throat.

Touching her bare spine beneath her half top, Harlen smiled and said. You seem to be recovering your energy. We should probably go in the morning.

She responded to his gentle touch by pressing herself against him more firmly. Would that I had the energy for a night of love. She said wistfully, kissing his neck again.

Harlen smiled and stroked her hair and back. I do to. He whispered into her pointed ear. 

They both dozed fitfully through the night, and finally the sky began to brighten with the coming of the sun. Before the orb of fire could clear the near horizon, they were moving among the rocks of the pass, keeping to cover as much as they could, and warily scanning the paths before them. Hyandai heard the tread of heavily booted feet first, and pulled Harlen into a small cleft between two stones, turning her back to the outside and flipping up her hood. A group of half a dozen orcs moved past, led by one of the big brutes. They seemed engrossed in discussing what they would do to the human and elf witch if they caught them. What the orcs lacked in imagination, they made up for in cruelty.

After the group had passed out of hearing, the couple slipped onto the path again, and by mid afternoon had reached the top of the steep descent to the valley between the ranges of jagged-edged peaks.

Harlen scanned the valley floor for any sign of motion and found four groups of under a dozen orcs were down there, but none near the pass at the moment. The couple descended as fast as they dared risk, several times falling for a short distance and hurting an arm or leg, but nothing serious. They finally reached the bottom just after full dark, with Hyandai gently guiding Harlen by the arm and whispered verbal directions. She led them from the bottom of the path and out into the broken stone piles and crevasses.

They found a good-looking spot and made camp for the night. The last of their food was used then, and they also emptied their water skins. Harlen said. We can refill the bottles once out of the mountains, for certain. And I can hunt us some game when we get to the forest.

She nodded as she ate her bread and hard tack. Suddenly, she leapt to her feet, grabbing at the ehladrel with both hands. Her eyes adopted the cold look again, and her face set with determination. Then she was gone, Harlen blinking at her sudden disappearance. He drew his sword out, but did not see far in the moonless overcast sky.

There were sounds in the rocks, the singing of steel on steel then grunts of pain or surprise. A few moments after it started, it stopped. An eerie dead silence fell on the area, and Harlen could hear his own heartbeat. Pounding hard and fast in his chest as he breathed shallow and fast, as well, worried for his lover as much for the danger she represented as that which she was exposing herself too.

A minute or two later, she reappeared near him. Why did you not say something? He demanded as he made out her shape nearing him.

I could not, Harlen. She said. There was no time, the orcs had to be dealt with. Her eyes were still cold and hard as ice.

He looked at her with wide eyes. She squatted beside him and put the heirloom down. Please, Harlen, do not hold the actions I take while holding that thing against me. She whispered, with tears in her eyes.

He shrugged. It seems you elven folk have a lot of times that you can act without wanting to be held accountable. His face showed a bit of anger, and resentment. Do you never take credit for your own actions?

She could not meet his eye. I ask much of you, I know. She said. But I would not ask for your forgiveness for them if I felt I was not worthy of it. He could see tears running down her cheeks. I am trying to get both of us out of this alive, betrothed. She said, now looking at him. For I wish to spend many, many more days with you, and would not have them cut short.

Harlens expression softened somewhat. I know, Hyandai. He said. But I am a grown man, please stop behaving as if I cannot be part of our protection.

She nodded. I will try. She said. But, that weapon was crafted before man was forging metals and tilling fields. She looked at him sidelong. It does not realize that man is a race that stands proud this day, and does not need looking after, as they did in those times.

He tried to think of time in such a scale, but could not; he had no frame of reference. It was widely known that elves had the first real civilization in Feldare, and that they taught many secrets to men who lived lives as little better than animals. That was even in the Book of the One, which called elves the angelis feldaris, or the angels of the land. They were exempted from the Church, unless they sought it out, and were not to be proselytized to, as the Book requires devotees to do to other men, for they were already blessed by the One.

He thought about her words. Im sorry, angel. He said, recalling that term from the Book. Then looked at her lovely face, with its tears. I wish I could stop making you cry. He murmured and kissed her on the forehead.

She smiled. My fears make me cry, not you. She said, touching his arms. I fear you ultimately finding me too alien to love. Her eyes were earnest, and she seemed to be examining him in the darkness. I sometimes feel that I am, that all elves are.

Harlen laughed at that, a bit more loudly than was probably a good idea, given their circumstance, but it raised Hyandais hopes, nonetheless. You think yourself too alien to love? He asked. I fear you will find that I am not a worthy vessel for yours, being only a human.

They laid upon the blanket, touching each other gently in the darkness. There is nothing about being a human to be called only, my betrothed. She said. Despite your short lives, you accomplish, with ease, things that elves spend more than a lifetime of man trying to master. She touched his arm. Did you know our generals in time of war are often humans?

He shook his head. I did not. He said. Why is that?

She smiled. We are horrible strategists. She said, giggling. We can do fine in small fights, but when it comes to the art of making real war, humans are, without contest, the masters.

Harlen gave a small smile. A dubious honor, I concede. He looked up at the low-flying clouds.

She said. Perhaps. But there are other ways in which you of the third race make us nearly livid with envy. She cast her mind back. Your children, for example, and your ability to live nearly anywhere in Feldare, and thrive. How blessed would be the lives of the elder race if we could dwell, like man, in the hills, and on the plains, and even in the mountains.

Harlen blinked, the idea of Elven folk being jealous of humanity was quite surprising. Do your people really feel that way? He asked.

She nodded. Some so much so they wish us to stop dealing with men altogether. She said. And I do not believe in their rhetoric that the elder race is superior. The two simply have differing survival strategies. She nuzzled into his neck and kissed his chin. I believe if you cannot defeat them, then you should embrace them.

This brought a chuckle to Harlen, though a kernel of what she said resonated true. What would become of the elves if they intermingled with humanity too much? There were half elven men, naturally, but what of elven culture and society? Such thoughts were beyond the huntsman. It was his place only to worry for the times and situations he found himself within in his days. He stroked Hyandais soft hair and breathed deep her cinnamon scent.

If the elves pass into history, it will be a sore loss. Harlen finally said.

Hyandai rose to her elbows. As a race, we are still strong Harlen. She whispered. I should not have burdened you with our woes as a species. Then she frowned into the darkness. Certainly not when I am, perhaps, furthering those woes. This last came out as less than a whisper.

You should not heed the words of a traitor to your own people. The huntsman said, a twinge of worry in his voice. He spoke words that would cause you to doubt yourself. Dont even give him that much victory.

She nodded. I shall try, betrothed. She said and lowered herself to nuzzle his neck again. After a short while both drifted off to sleep.

---

Harlen awoke first, for a change, and slipped from the small crevasse they were sheltering in. After a few minutes of exploring and climbing, he found a reasonably good vantage point and scanned the valley he could see with his spyglass. By the time he had satisfied himself that there were no orcs within some distance of them, Hyandai had crawled from their little shelter. Anything? She asked, peering up at him on top of a small mound of stones.

Nothing for as far as I can see from here. Harlen replied. I can only see a short ways, though. If we wish to move, we should be cautious, and move north first. He began climbing down the steep, treacherous side of the rock pile.

As they packed their gear, Harlen asked. Why is it you say that Letharon had an accomplice within the elven community?

He knew of my coming. She said. And from what I can remember, he left our village about the same time the ehladrel went missing. I did not leave until almost six months had passed.

So someone from the village must have told him? Harlen ventured.

The elf nodded. Slipping her blanket into her small pack. And I worry that we may encounter this person, or maybe persons, on our way back. Her face grew somber. There is also the matter of who it may be. I dread knowing, for it will surely be someone I knew and trusted. She locked her emerald eyes upon Harlen. It will break my heart if and when I discover who it may be.

Pondering the weight of that thought, Harlen finished his packing and they began moving northward. They moved slowly among the large formations of stones, often they were forced to backtrack as a potential path turned out to be a dead end. Progress northward was painfully slow, but they were not pressed yet for time. Their supplies would last them five more days, or more if they were cautious. Water might become an issue, but the rains were plentiful this season, and the small ponds they ran across were potable, if not palatable. As the sun passed beyond the western peaks, early in the evening, as the sunset always is in this narrow cleft between ranges, they sought out shelter amid a tiny copse of stunted trees.

Hyandai was relieved to be among trees, even diminutive ones clinging to life in a tight knot. Harlen could see much tension flow from her as she simply sat among the boughs of the small trees shelter. Her emerald eyes seemed to sparkle more and her hair gained its luster. Were elves so closely tied to the wood? He thought, but decided that they must be, for the changes in her appearance were mirrored in her behavior. She became more playful that evening, and even more affectionate, showering him with little kisses and caresses throughout their late supper and as they prepared for sleep.

As Harlen lay down, Hyandais hands were exploring his body, already seeking out the places she could touch and arouse his lusts. Far from minding, he was elated and responded quite enthusiastically. While they seemed to be far from adventurous in their lovemaking that night, they were certainly both energetic, though she spared him the ordeal of feeding him more energy for multiple rounds. The one bout they partook of was more than sufficient to sate their desires, and they lay afterwards in a happy embrace.

What shall we do when we get back to Morrovale? Harlen asked her as he stroked her smooth shoulder.

She looked up into the starry night. I suppose we need to get this home to my people. Said Hyandai. Then I will be released from the oath I spoke to my clan and can go my way. Then come back to you.

Can I not go with you? He asked.

She nodded. I will say you can, as now you have helped me complete this quest. She paused a long moment. But you may find that your coming will be met with mixed feelings, I fear.

If you think it allowable, then I will come with you, nonetheless. Harlen murmured. I would not be parted from you unless need be.

She idly stroked his chest. I had thought that would be your mind on it. She said. I will gladly present my betrothed to my people, whether they approve or not. I am not shamed by my choice of a mate.

Harlen smiled into the darkness and kissed her forehead. And I am honored by your choice. He said.

---

They awoke to a loud sound nearby. Hyandai was on her feet first, her nude form light against the dark backdrop of the small knoll of trees. She peered into the darkness, reaching for the ehladrel with uncertain fingers.

What is it? Harlen whispered as she found the long, ornately sculpted weapon.

She glared down at him. Still your tongue, human. She hissed and searched the darkness again.

Harlen blinked at the sharp, mildly insulting rebuke, and then saw the glint of that blasted weapon in her hands. Shaking his head, he rose from the blankets, and slipped on his pants as she moved a short way toward the edge of the wood.

She came back in a moment. Orcs. She whispered. About a dozen. Her eyes were furtive in the limited light, and Harlen realized he could see them. It was no illusion that made elven eyes light in the dark; they really did so.

We should leave, then. Harlen said.

She nodded, but her expression was one of disappointment. Agreed. Let us pack camp quietly and move quickly.

They stowed their gear and were moving toward the edge of the little copse when a shout went up from the orcish camp. Hyandai grabbed his arm and broke into a full run, casting stealth aside, and hoping the cloaks would protect them from prying eyes.

He stumbled here and there a little, as she leaped over an obstacle that he could not quite make out in the near darkness of the starlit night. He had his sword drawn now, and she carried the ehladrel.

As they turned a corner around a sizable mound of boulders, they came face to face with three of the larger sort of orcs who were just as surprised to see the couple. Before the orcs could so much as grunt out their shock, one died with the elven weapon slitting him from neck to groin. The other two had barely begun to move when Harlen thrust the broadsword through ones gullet, releasing a gout of thick, red blood. The ehladrel moved in a graceful arc in the starlight, and came full circle just in time to catch the other large orcs charge, and Hyandai gracefully slipped aside as the headless corpse flopped onto the ground.

Again, she grabbed his hand and they ran. It was almost an hour before she slowed down, and they cast about for somewhere to lie for the remainder of the darkening hours of the night. They finally found a small patch of level ground among some high stones and slipped into the relative shelter of the hidden space.

Harlen tossed out his blanket, flapping it to get rid of some dirt and leaves from the site they had just fled. You sure get an attitude when you pick that thing up. He said, nodding toward the ehladrel.

Hyandai cast her eyes toward the weapon. I know, I am sorry for that, my love. She murmured. It just takes over, or at least something in it makes me feel like I am not really me anymore.

Harlen slipped off his soft-soled boots and looked up at Hyandai as she sat next to him, kicking off her own footwear. She turned toward him. Those are not my thoughts, or words, Harlen, you must believe me. She said, her eyes filled with worry.

I do angel. Harlen replied.

They propped their weapons within easy reach, Hyandai had Harlen move the ehladrel, not wishing to touch the powerful item until she must. She curled up against him, her small hands on his chest and her lovely face pressed to his neck.

Harlen sighed as she breathed gently into his neck and hair, she was quickly asleep, her breathing becoming slow, even, and deep. He stroked her fiery hair gently as she slept, and he watched her eyes twitch in the dim moonlight. He wondered what she dreamed of, and wished fervently he could join her in them. Perhaps she was in her homeland, among the great ornthalion trees that her people so adored. The man tried to imagine what it must be like to roam in an elven wood. Would it be like a park, the wooded garden that the duke had on his manor grounds? Or was it more like the woods he hunted daily, but more so?

As he watched the skies, he detected motion there, a slight motion, but there were stars winking out then back on again. He furrowed his brow and watched the moving shape more closely. An eagle? He wondered. Or, maybe, a hawk?

Were their enemies in the air as well as on the ground? Harlen shuddered at the thought of having enemies so powerful that they could take to the sky to thwart Hyandais goals.

It was an owl, he finally realized, hearing a distant hoot high above him. He smiled upward at his fellow hunter and let himself doze as well.

---

Awaken, human, we must move quickly. Hyandai said, that cold tone told him, even before he pried his eyes open, that she was holding the ehladrel.

He sat up and looked at her. She had blood on her legs and one arm, and the ehladrel was coated in the sticky red stuff. He pulled his boots on and grabbed his blanket even as he took to his feet. Hyandai was already slinging her bow over her shoulder. There are more, but they hesitate to follow me. She said.

Harlen smiled. I dont doubt that, Hyandai. He said. You frighten me pretty bad, and youre not trying to kill me.

She gave him an impatient look. You speak casually to me, human, this is not the time for banter. She said, her voice dripping with self-superiority.

He had enough of this crap, he decided. Listen you arrogant elf. He said, shoving his blanket into his small knapsack. You didnt condescend to me when I was fucking you the other day.

Hyandai blinked a few times, and her eyes took on a faraway look. Harlen, please do not grow angry with me. She whispered, though her eyes did not meet his. It is not you or me, it is the ehladrel.

He nodded. That piece of elven steel is going to talk you right into a lonely walk home, Hyandai. He said, hefting his pack and grabbing his bow. I suggest putting it away for now.

The elven womans brow furrowed and she picked up her blanket and rolled the ehladrel within its cloth folds. Soon she had a bundle about four feet long and almost a foot around. This she tied a piece of rope around and slung from her shoulder, beside her quiver.

The couple set out, not speaking or even walking close to one another. Hyandai could feel the anger and resentment radiating from Harlen. It reminded her of the forced march from the cave toward Morrovale, when he had grown cold toward her and how she had cried most of that long walk in the rain. The weight of the ehladrel pressed against her back. She would not leave it where she could casually grab it up.

Hyandai promised herself to never tell Harlen of the mornings events, unless she must. She had arisen early and slipped intentionally from the camp and sought out a small group of patrolling orcs. It had been a bloodbath, quite literally, but one had managed to run away. She had put them both at risk just to satisfy some drive of the weapons. She had awakened and picked it up. She longed even now to hold it, to feel that power course through her sinews and give her strength, grace, and most of all, power.

Im becoming addicted to it. She thought. Its power is seductive. Harlen looked back over his shoulder and helped her up a steep incline of rocks and she caught herself almost refusing his proffered hand. She forced an unfelt smile to her lips, and his expression softened a little. What would she do if she alienated him fully? She wondered.

They were climbing the pass that led east back to the duchy, and safety. Apparently, the orcs had not thought to look this far afield, or the ones that would normally be around this area had been wiped out in the battle down below, at the bottom of the pass. Harlen ventured this theory, and Hyandai agreed. Or else it is a trap, she thought. Her mouth stayed still, though.

Harlen had just crested the last steep climb of the pass on this side and turned to watch her progress up the broken slope. With horror in her emerald eyes, she watched, as his expression grew puzzled, then he turned about to face the heights of the pass. As he turned, a black-shafted arrow came into view, piercing his right shoulder deeply. She screamed as another arrow struck his stomach and he bent double.

Everything was happening in slow motion now. She heard the ehladrel cry out to her. Free me! It screamed in her mind. Use me! A third arrow missed her lover as he collapsed to the stony ground.

She found herself unwrapping the rope from the ehladrel as the orcs that had shot Harlen came forward to finish their chore.

Thrusting her hand into the blanket she grasped the weapon. A cry went up among the half dozen orcs as they saw her, knowing that more interesting captives were not in the offing. A bow twanged among the orcs and an arrow flew toward her. As if by itself, the ehladrel interposed itself between her and the arrow, it sank into the blanket and struck steel. She swung the weapon, and the blanket flew away from it, unfurling and fluttering to the ground. Another orc loosed an arrow at her, but it, like its companion, failed to find its target.

She let loose with a blood curdling curse in orcish and charged them. Harlens fading vision witnessed his beloved running full speed toward a half dozen large, armored orcs. Their little battle line faltered at the sight of a tiny elven maiden coming at them. Two fired at once, their arrows shattering upon the ehladrels metal body.

Harlen could not remain conscious, he felt his head droop, but did not feel it strike the stones beneath him.

The first orc died horribly, cut in half at the waist by an almost negligent shift in the ehladrels already blurring path. She was among them almost instantly and they cried in sheer terror as one after another of them gave up their lives to the elven weapon that they called the Bane of the Chosen.

Two tried to run, but she stopped them with a rapid, precise motion, slicing their hamstrings with the razor tip of the weapon. They tried to keep crawling, and Hyandai dispatched them unsympathetically, spearing them in the spine with the ehladrel and only pulling it forth when they stopped moving completely.

She returned to Harlen, and knelt beside him. The stomach wound was bleeding heavily, and she feared him already dead. However, she felt for his pulse and found a reedy thing there, intermittent and weak. Quickly, she pulled his shirt up and healed the wound, reddening her lips in her haste with her lovers own lifeblood. The arrow in his shoulder had broken off beneath the skin and she cursed her inability to get it out after a couple of attempts that caused him to cry out in pain.

His eyes popped open and he winced at the agony coming to him through the pierced shoulder. Did you? He asked, looking toward the orcs.

She nodded. They are no longer a threat to us. She whispered with a smile. But you are wounded and I cannot heal it, the tip remains.

Sweat was standing out from his brow. I cannot move that arm, I think the head is lodged in the bones. He grimaced. You will have to get it out.

Hyandai blanched. I cannot, beloved. She said. Her eyes looked frightened and repulsed at the same time. I know not how to perform such acts.

Sitting up with an exaggerated motion, Harlen said. You have to. I cannot climb down the pass like this, much less fight if that comes up. He said.

Her eyes took on a haunted look. I will try. She said quietly. But you will have to guide me.

Harlen nodded and propped his good shoulder against a large gray stone. He took his skinning knife from his belt. Use this, its very sharp. He said. You will have to cut flesh until you can get the barbs loose enough to pull it out.

She winced at the mere suggestion of cutting him. Her fingers felt numb as she took the knife. She felt clumsy and stupid now, something that did not come easily to an elven mind.

The sweat was rolling off of Harlens brow now. Okay, angel, you need to start cutting around it, go very slowly and feel ahead for large blood vessels.

Pain lanced through Harlens arm as she put blade to wound and began cutting. She had tears rolling down her cheeks and her lovely face was twisted in a grimace of concentration and sadness. He could feel the blood soaking his tunics back and hoped she had not cut anything vital. The sound of gritting teeth disturbed her and she stopped. I am hurting you too much. She said

Harlens voice was strained. No! Keep going. He said. His eyes had a look of determined abstinence in them. There was a sharp pain as she moved the arrow in the wound, and then another, even sharper pain as she took hold of it with finger and thumb, and pulled. It had been imbedded in the bone and he felt a massive shock pass through him as it came loose, tearing more muscle and skin as it released its barbed grip on him.

Hyandai threw the three inches of steel-tipped wood away from herself, gory with blood and small bits of meat. She shivered throughout her body and her weeping grew louder. By the Sprits, that was not pleasant.

Chuckling, Harlen said, Truer words may never have been spoken.

She looked at him. You can laugh at a moment like this? She asked.

You will find humans can laugh even as their heads are laid upon the headsmans block. Harlen replied.

She gently blew upon the mangled shoulder, and the chipped bone mended, then the meat grew together, and the skin filled in. A new, pink skin now stood in that spot, healed fully.

Harlen smiled as he rotated that shoulder. You did very well, beloved. He said as Hyandai morosely looked at him.

I suppose. She muttered to herself. Her hands were trembling and her own brow was now glistening with perspiration.

Kissing her gently on the brow, Harlen stood up and picked up his bow. We should try to get down the pass by tonight. He said. His gray cloak flapped in the stiff gusts coming from the woodlands of his home. The farther we get from that damn fortress, the better.

With a nod, Hyandai regained her feet and handed Harlen back his skinning knife. When he took it, she yanked her hand back like it was a snake or large spider. Given she was coated partially in dried orc blood, her revulsion by the small knife confused Harlen a bit, but he simply sheathed the small blade and they both headed toward the west. As they passed the fallen orcs, he noted that they were killed pretty messily, and further, two were struck from behind. He did not feel much sympathy for the brutes. They had fired upon him with no warning, and deserved no quarter from himself or from his lover.

They crossed through the pass uneventfully, moving quickly, and with little caution. They wished to leave these infested mountains and regain the relative safety of the woodlands below. Finally, the far end was reached, and they regarded the steep descent to the hills below. A large portion of the army was still encamped below them. Harlen guessed they were hunting out isolated knots of orcs in the hills. He passed on word that the orcs were thick in the mountains, they may well head up into the high passes to rid the countryside of even more of the foul beings.

Night had fallen as they reached the lower hills. A guard challenged them as they approached the camp. It was the youth Hyandai had kissed for a blessing, Dannes. He immediately became very friendly upon hearing her soft voice in the night. Do you not recognize the woman who blessed you for battle, Dannes?

He grinned so broadly that his teeth shone in the darkening airs. Indeed I do, Lady Hyandai, and I still walk under that blessings shield. She stepped close to the youth.

He regarded her in the dim light that the camps fires provided at the distance of the perimeter guards. It is good to see you two again. He said. We worried for you when some of us spotted you climbing the pass during the battle.

The elven woman smiled. We are fine, young Dannes. She said. But we need to rest. We have had orcs pursuing us for days.

The lad nodded and waved them past him. Proceed, then. He said. Let me not hold you from well-deserved respite.

All the noblemen had returned to Morrovale. In their place, they left Farridin, captain of the East Marches. He was common born, but a man of much respect and no small renown in the duchy. As they moved through the encampment, Hyandai was impressed with the number of women among the contingent that remained after the initial battle, almost a third of the force.

A surly guard escorted the couple to the captain who seemed quite delighted to see them. I hear you forewarned us about the surprise attack that first night out. He said to Hyandai after introductions had been made.

She nodded hesitantly. Farridin was a huge man, nearly twice Harlens weight and over a foot taller. The image of an ogre would not leave her minds eye as the huge middle-aged man moved about the pavilion tent. He clapped Harlen on the shoulder. You did well, too, I hear! The captain said. Better than when you were under my command as a scout.

Harlen smiled wanly. I had hoped you would have forgotten by now, sir. He said.

Farridin chuckled. Not much chance of that, Harlen. He rumbled. None of my other scouts ever routed a army single handedly.

Hyandai raised an eyebrow at this. Captain? She asked. Please tell this tale, Harlen seems to have forgotten it.

The captain handed each a tall glass of wine and bade them sit in large folding canvas-bottomed chairs. Well. He said, smiling at Harlens obvious discomfort. Harlen was sent to scout out a enemy force. We were at war with a neighboring barony. Even though we were winning handily, it was costing a lot of good men. He sipped his wine and smacked his lips appreciatively at the taste. He ran across one of their scouts, and they had a bow-duel, which Harlen won handily. It was just after dark, and our man here slips into the other mans uniform and into their camp in the night. He not only scouted the camp, but accidentally killed the baron who was determined to have a war with us.

He refilled his and Hyandais glasses; Harlens was still half full. Now, by accidentally, I mean Harlen was trying to kidnap him, and use him as ransom or to force the army to withdraw. He chuckled. After he had clubbed the baron unconscious he was carrying the body out of the camp when one of the enemys patrols happened upon him. They were suspicious of something, but they thought it was smuggling a woman into the camp. When Harlen protested that it was no body he carried, one of the guards pierced it with his spear. Ho ho, says the guard, and laughs as he pulls back the blanket. Imagine the horror on his face when he realized he had just impaled his own lord.

The captain laughed again. Well, they were so stunned that Harlen managed to knock them out, as well, and he escaped with the barons corpse. Without the baron to drive his knights and captains to war, they sued for truce and returned to their lands. He snorted. It was over with but a single death. He laughed some more and refilled all three glasses. When Hyandai spoke again, she had a noticeable slur to her musical voice. Is there anything else about my beloved you can enlighten me with? She asked, giving Harlen a wink.

The captain eyed both of them. Not the kind of tales Id speak to a lady maam. He said, and clapped Harlens shoulder again. Lets just say that it is fortunate that Master Harlen is faster than the merchants when they are chasing men away from their daughters.

Her lover blushed as Hyandai regarded him with a smile. This forced her to giggle a little. Well, I, for one, am glad of the practice that those merchants daughters provided. She said.

The captain and Hyandai laughed a moment, and then looked at a very uncomfortable Harlen. Come, young Harlen. The captain bellowed. What vexes you?

The huntsman shrugged. I do not know, captain Farridin. I fear this matter with the orcs is worse than it first appears. He filled the commander in on the goings-on in the mountains, studiously leaving out the part of an elf in the matter. The captain grew serious then, and listened intently to what was effectively a scouts report to the captain, something these two men had done many times in years ago.

I will clear these beasts out, then. The captain rumbled. It serves us ill to kill the ones in these hills, then have fresh orcs simply flow in from the mountains. He pondered things a moment longer, then begged leave to speak to his lieutenants. Harlen took Hyandais hand and led her unsteady feet from the pavilion after farewells were exchanged. 

A young man came up to them. The captain has ordered quarters for you two, sir. He said, bowing slightly. He led them to a large tent and inside. I am to provide any services you need, sir. He said, standing inside the flap.

Harlen looked at him a moment. Can you bring us some warm food, and some beer? Then you can go. The boy left the tent and returned a few minutes later, laden with a large platter of food, mostly meats and tubers. He also carried two large mugs of beer in his other hand. The lad had a future in barmaiding, Harlen thought.

After they had eaten, Harlen asked a passing soldier if there were baths in the camp. He nodded and pointed toward a small enclosure of canvas. One had a crudely painted triangle on its flap; the other had a disturbingly shaped penis marking its flap. Harlen chuckled as he and Hyandai prepared to go take baths and relax after in the safety of the camp.