Clark looks over the edge of the bassinet with a frown. Babies have never made up a part of his life, but this is different, and he's still not sure how he feels about it. "He really doesn't look like anyone."

Mom called them this morning to tell them that the baby was coming home, and though it had come at a really inconvenient time, he didn't argue with Lex. It was important to Mom that they be here.

Lex snickers, leaning down to brush a careful finger over the tiny cheek. The baby barely stirs. "He'll look like someone eventually." Lex gives him a wicked look from beneath long lashes, and Clark bites his lip to keep from giggling. From across the room, the nanny watches them warily on her way to the door as Mom takes her to the housekeeper who will show her to her room. "Martha says we need to be at the christening tomorrow."

Clark makes a face. "Sounds great." Mom was thrilled when they found out, despite everything that happened. The Kents were--difficult at first, but Clark figured that Mom and her lawyers would eventually wear them down. He doesn't want to do anything that might spoil her pleasure, but....

To his surprise, Lex leans over and picks him up, cradling him expertly in the crook of his arm. "Martha always wanted a baby." The baby yawns, curling trustingly into the fine wool of Lex's coat. He hadn't been very big at birth, but the last few weeks have seen a truly epic amount of weight put on. Clark's never seen anything so small eat so much. Watching Lex as he sits down, careful of the baby's sleep, he tries to decide what to do. "Come here, Clark."

Reluctantly, Clark joins him. "Do you think he's yours?" Mom and Dad haven't said anything, but he doesn't think Dad would have gone along with it if he didn't think it was either his or Lex's.

"He's ours," Lex answers easily, and Clark looks up, meeting Lex's too-sharp gaze. Of course he understands. "Martha's, mine, yours--and Dad's, of course."

Clark's mouth twitches. "Of course."

"You want to hold him?" 

Before Clark can answer (no, no, definitely no), Lex sets the baby in his arms. He's heavier than Clark expected, and warmer. Blinking, Clark looks at the sleeping face; this close, he notices the faint hint of red in the fair hair, and while he's not sure of the nose, the chin is definitely Lex. There's nothing of Lana but the shape of his eyes. Clark reaches out to touch the tiny hand, curled tight against his chest as he sleeps. Just like Lex. "Ours."

"Exactly." Tilting his head, Lex looks down at the baby and starts to smile, warm and strangely soft. "Welcome home, little brother."

Their little brother. "David Laurence Luthor," Clark says out loud, testing the sound of it. He thinks he likes it. "Davy? Laurie?"

"Laurie," Lex says firmly. "Poor kid. He's going to be teased."

"He'll survive. He's a Luthor." Laurie--yes, definitely Laurie--makes a hiccuping sound before settling contently against his chest, and Clark thinks of watching him grow up, of all the things he and Lex will teach him about being a Luthor and what that really means. Like Mom taught them. "We should be here more," he hears himself say. "Help Mom out." Sure, they have servants, but that's not the same thing. And Dad--yeah.

Lex looks at him and then slowly smiles. "I was just thinking the same thing."

Of course he was. "I'm still surprised that Dad didn't argue more."

"I'm not." Lex snickers, sliding his arm around Clark's shoulders. "By now, he knows this is the only way he's going to get an heir from me." Clark kisses him for that, a brush of lips across a high cheekbone, then soft pink lips.

"Boys." Mom's voice from the door is indulgent, and Clark quickly straightens. "Careful with the baby."

"Of course," Clark answers, grinning at Mom. "He's our little brother."

Her bright smile tells him that no, she didn't miss how he felt. "It's about time for his feeding," she says. Taking him back, she cradles him against her chest, expression tender, and Clark doesn't think he's ever seen her so happy.

They'll move back home for a little while, he decides; maybe build another house on the estate. Dad never liked them living at the penthouse (for reasons obvious), so they'll let him think it was his idea. Leaning into Lex's warm body, head resting on his brother's shoulder, he listens contentedly to Mom singing a lullaby to their baby brother that he remembers from his own childhood.

Life, Clark Luthor thinks with sigh, will never get better than this.