DEBBY'S PUNISHMENT

BY KYSA Q

Debby stood before me naked. I had always stripped her for her
punishments and although as a young girl this was merely a
humiliation as she had grown older it had become a delight to see
those breasts grow and her hips widen. Her luscious round bottom
felt all the sweeter to spank now it had taken on a more womanly
shape. Her breasts, still youthful, but very full and firm. Her
skin still had a slight tan from the summer and her straight
shoulder length brown hair perfectly framed her big brown eyes
that shone with the beginnings of her tears.

"You look delightful," I said as she stood nervously. "Everybody
`ll be pleased to see you later I'm sure."

I went to the desk and opened the drawer to find the ruler I kept
there for just these occasions. Debby's face drained of colour as
she looked on.

"Hands on your head young lady." I often had her stand like this,
I think because she hated it and it made her breasts stand to
attention that much more !

Debby knew that it wasn't just her bottom that would be feeling
the sting of the ruler as she stood. She placed her hands on her
head and waited.

"Chest and bottom right out," I scolded. She responded
immediately pushing her ripe young breasts out before her and
arching her back to offer her bottom.

"Good girl." she knew from past experience that obedience wasn't
an option.

I stood beside her and before starting placed my hand on one of
her gorgeous breasts, feeling it's fullness before running my
hands down and around onto her bottom. The feel of her naked body
excited me as I thought about the evening ahead. I continued to
caress her, bringing my hand back to her breasts and letting my
imagination run as I squeezed her.

"Now lets get on with things." I tapped her breasts with the
ruler. "Right out, you can do better than that."

Debby obligingly pushed her chest forward. Her breasts standing
beautifully before her.

"No moving , you keep those nice and still." I instructed as I
readied the ruler.

"Understand ?"

"Yes Sir."

"Good Girl."

I enjoyed to see her offer herself in this way, her submission,
although not by choice was very exciting. I gave her a slap with
the ruler across the top of one breast and she gave a delightful
little gasp but remained still. I gave her a second slap on her
other breast, this time on her nipple and she bit her lip to
refrain from making a sound.

"Very good," I said and squeezed the soft mound of her breast in
my hand again and continued to fondle her as I spoke. "I have
somewhere special to take you today and I'm going to need you to
be on your best behaviour." I gave her another slap with the
ruler this time on her bottom. "Before we get you dressed I need
you to tidy yourself up a little. I want you to be nice and
smooth.," I said and tapped her neat pubic bush with the ruler.
"Understand ?"

Debby kept herself neatly trimmed but had never shaved her pubic
hair off before and was clearly a bit shaken by the instruction.
I had a feeling that the humiliation of her nakedness this
evening would be deliciously heightened by having to cleanly
shave herself, the look on her face suggested that I was right.

I slapped her again on her bare bottom. "Well?"

"Yes, I understand," she whimpered.

"Good girl. Now off you go, you'll find the bits and pieces you
need in the bathroom" I gestured towards the door. "I want you to
be down here when you're done so I can check you over." I gave
her a final swat on her behind as she lowered her hands and
turned towards the door.

It was about half an hour later when she reappeared wrapped in a
large towel. I instructed her to go to her room and wait for me
there and she quickly disappeared without comment. I followed,
but went to the bathroom first, got a small bottle of massage oil
from the cabinet and went to inspect her handiwork. When I
arrived she was sitting on the bed looking worried, still wrapped
modestly in the towel.

"On your feet and let's have that towel." I said extending my
hand. She got to her feet, peeled away the towel and handed it to
me. She stood with her hands crossed in front of herself, clearly
embarrassed by the lack of hair. Taking the towel I laid it
across the bed.

Sit down, lie back and open your legs." I said with barely
disguised amusement. What a marvellous sight she presented as she
slowly sat and leaned back on her elbows.

"Very good," I said smiling as I looked at her newly naked state.
"Knees up and open wide so I can see how you got on. Lean right
back"

She hesitated only momentarily before she lay back and opened her
legs. I could feel my excitement growing, her naked pussy opening
before me, still slightly red and sore from the razor and framing
the pink lips of her vagina. Her flat stomach and full breasts
with her cute nipples pointing skyward.

"Very good, just a bit wider." I said, enjoying the spectacle as
she strained to open her legs further, pulling her knees back
almost onto the bed. "Good girl, now lets see."

Opening the bottle of oil that I had brought I poured some into
the palm of one hand, placed the bottle on the bedside table and
rubbed my hands together.

"Lets warm this up for you," I grinned.

I started with my hands on the inside of her thighs and started
to massage the oil into her soft skin. Then working my way
inwards I rubbed my hands across the lower part of her stomach.
There was a look of dread on Debby's face as I stopped to pour
some more oil. I placed my well lubricated hands back onto her
legs but this time stroked one hand onto her smooth and perfect
pussy rubbing gently with the flat of my hand.

"A very good job, very smooth. This should help take away a
little of the soreness." I said as I caressed her, my fingers
tracing along the lips of her pussy. I continued to rub the oil
into her, even working my fingers into the crack of her anus and
eliciting a gasp from her as I did. I finally stopped and wiped
my hands on the towel. Debby continued lying there, afraid to
move, spread in front of me glistening from the oil while I
looked on.

"Don't you look a picture lying there showing yourself off. Lets
find you something to wear before you go out." I said fighting
the urge to slide inside her for a while before we left.

I went to her closet to find something that would be suitably
revealing for her to wear. With her newly shaven pussy I thought
a nice short skirt without panties would be ideal. Tucked away in
the back of the closet I found a skirt that was not only small
but had a rather revealing slit up the side, held together by a
couple of buttons at the top, it couldn't have been better. With
it I found her a tight long sleeved top that would hug her ample
breasts, covering her but leaving little to the imagination. It
had a zip up the front which that went about halfway and would
give a nice flash of the tops of her tits. As Debby reluctantly
dressed herself it was apparent that the skirt was more revealing
than I had expected and the two buttons were having to do an
undue amount of work to keep the whole thing together. The top
must have been very old and was designed for somebody much
smaller in every respect, the zip started to open of its own
accord as she breathed.

"You look marvellous !" I exclaimed, "Just one more thing."

I went back to the bathroom to collect a pair of scissors and
returned to cut away one of the buttons on the skirt.

"Perfect !" I said. The skirt now straining to maintain what
little coverage it offered in the first place.

"Please can I wear panties." Debby asked in a whisper. "I feel
stupid"

"Now what was it I said earlier ?" I shook my head in resigned
disappointment.

Stepping closer I took the hem of skirt and lifted it before
giving her a very hard slap with the flat of my hand on her bare
bottom. She lurched forward and instinctively tried to cover
herself. Pulling her hands away I gave her another fierce slap.

"Do I need to explain," I said slapping her for a third time.

"No, I,m sorry ." she whimpered.

"If you think you look silly then the skirt can come right off if
you'd rather"

"Please, I'm sorry." She sobbed. "Please let me keep it on."

"Take it off and go to the car. Maybe, just maybe you'll get it
back later."

Crying now she unbuttoned the skirt and handed it to me. Naked
apart from the half zippered top she turned to walk from the
room.

"Take this with you." I said before she left and handed her the
bottle of oil.

I rang Adam's father before joining Debby in the garage. There
had been some trouble in the last year of school with accusations
of bullying. His son ,Adam, a girl Karen and one or two others
had been involved and it had all got rather messy with the
involvement of the school authorities. I naturally had been
rather skeptical of Debby's version of events but there had been
several students disciplined and in fact Adam had left later had
to leave for another school. The crux of the matter was a
childish prank that had had Debby the victim of some rather
embarrassing shower room photographs and in my opinion had got a
little out of proportion. The matter had been resolved in a
fashion although hopefully everybody would feel less aggrieved by
the outcome after the opportunity to taste a little sweet revenge
this evening. Debby didn't yet know what was in store for her.

Debby waited obediently by the car, stood wearing nothing but the
tight, ill fitting top I almost felt a pang of sympathy for her.

"I'm sorry can I please have the skirt ?" she asked as she saw
me.

If only so that I would be able to keep my eyes on the road I
relented and gave her the skirt back. She fumbled quickly with
the solitary button as the garage door automatically opened.

"Hurry up," I said as Debby struggled to seat herself without the
skirt riding up around her waist and her breasts spilling from
the rapidly unzipping top.

******

Debby sat silently during the journey, one hand on her lap the
other keeping a firm grip on the zip of the top. It was a half
hour drive and we arrived in a quiet neighbourhood and parked
down a narrow driveway just off the road. Debby didn't know the
house and was reluctant to get out and go to the door although
the biting cold and the lack of suitable clothing hurried her
along. Watching her fumbling along and trying to keep her clothes
in some sort of order as she approached the door was very
amusing.

As the door was opened Debby recognised Adam's father from the
meetings that had taken place at the school and her face
registered a moment of alarm. His face broke into a large smile
as his eyes wandered up and down Debby's outfit. She pulled self
consciously at the scant clothing as she stepped into the house,
the skirt insistently riding up as she walked. We stopped a
moment in the hallway as I introduced Debby and made our way to
the living room. Ushering her into the room she was becoming
increasingly nervous and came to an abrupt halt as she saw her
four high school tormentors lounging on the chairs. Adam and
Karen the main culprits of the pranks along with two of their
friends, Caroline and Mike, all sat grinning at Debby as she
entered. The colour literally drained from her face as she stood
and she would have backed out of the room and fled had I not been
behind her to push her further.

"You kids all know each other from school I understand," I said
by way of introduction. "Although I don't believe I've had the
pleasure."

There followed a chorus of rather polite hello's although all
eyes were on Debby, not least for the fact that in pulling the
hem of her skirt she seemed to be in imminent danger of spilling
out of the top that was opening under the strain.

"We all felt it would clear the air and clean the slate as it
were if Debby were given the opportunity to express her regret
for the ... how shall we put it .... events that unfortunately
occurred and ... I think we all agree... got rather out of
control."

As I spoke Debby continued to pull at the skirt, the tops of her
breasts now making a very dramatic sight. Adam in particular was
hypnotised.

There was an awkward silence before Caroline, a very striking
young lady I'd not met before spoke. "Nice outfit Debby, you buy
that special ?"

The other three laughed at her remark and the atmosphere relaxed
slightly although in contrast Debby had become considerably more
tense. She finally became aware that she was about to unwittingly
bare her breasts and quickly pulled the top together as best it
would allow. As she fumbled with her outfit I continued.

"Of course Debby has always been punished for any trouble she
causes and being as you four were on the receiving end it seemed
only right to involve you." I said solemnly.

"We going to watch her write lines then ?" Mike said
dismissively. He and Adam exchanged an arrogant glance. I ignored
his remark and continued.

"No, in fact Debby has always been accustomed to slightly firmer
discipline for any misdemeanours and she has agreed it would be
fitting in this case. Would you like to tell everyone what
happens when you overstep the mark?" I asked, looking across at
Debby.

With tears welling in her eyes Debby shook her head as if to
plead for a reprieve. Unable to speak she stood tugging at her
clothing.

"What Debby is struggling to say is that she has always been
spanked." I added.

"No way !" exclaimed Mike to the laughter of the others. "Spanked
like a little kid. This I got to see !"

"No please.... you wouldn't .... please! " Debby cried and
started to back away. I took a hold of her arm and continued.

"Rather than simply watch me put Debby over my knee I thought it
more appropriate if you four were to administer the punishment.
I'm sure the point would be made far better"

There were more howls of laughter as the reality of what was
about to happen sunk in. The four knew why they were here, Adam's
father had explained all that prior to our arrival, but the
details were beginning to give a new and slightly bizarre slant
to the whole thing. Debby was showing signs of rapidly growing
panic.

"Perhaps the other thing you should know is that Debby since she
was small has always enjoyed being bare bottomed for her
discipline and given the nature of the photographs that caused
such a stir, ... well, it seems only fitting that it should apply
here."

"You can't,.... please, ... you can't." pleaded Debby, pulling
against my grip on her arm.

"You mean she's going to get naked and we'll get to spank her ass
?" Adam asked incredulously.

"Exactly." I answered. "It will have more meaning coming from you
four and it will make it all the more memorable for Debby. Your
father I believe has supplied a paddle to liven things up." I
said and looked across at Adam's father who nodded his
acknowledgement.

Debby's worst nightmare was about to unfold. She knew eventually
she was going to have to comply and the consequences of refusing,
she knew from experience could make things a lot worse. It was
also clear from her expression that being stripped and spanked in
front of these four was about as bad as she could have imagined.
It took some while for her to regain some composure. She very
reluctantly stepped forward as I directed her to the middle of
the room and had her stand with her hands clasped behind her
back. She stood, the skirt just about covering her, the split up
the side wide open and making it very obvious that she wore
nothing underneath. The zip of the top was making it's way slowly
down, tightly moulding itself round the contours of her breasts,
the points of her nipples visible under the material. The look of
sheer desperation on her face was quite wonderful.

"As I said she'll be undressed and I think that it would set the
tone if one of you would show her whose in charge and assist.
That's if you don't mind. Debby always responds best to firm
instruction."

I was unsure how Adam, Karen and their friends would react to the
situation and was rather worried they were going to be reticent
to participate. It quickly became obvious that not only had I
little need to be worried but that the polar opposite was true,
the four of them were very keen to get involved.

With surprising eagerness Karen, who had been Dquiet up to now
stood and spoke. "I'll help," and striding forward she smiled at
the other three. She was both very attractive and very assured,
flicking her blonde hair as she strode to stand to one side of
Debby. She looked across as if for permission.

"You do whatever you feel she deserves. " I assured her. "She'll
say and do exactly what's she's told, you go right ahead."

Karen smirked at the other three before turning her attention
back to Debbie. "You going to be a good girl and do as you're
told ?"

Debby nodded as her eyes again filled with tears. Karen smiled to
the others who looked on in anticipation. It became very quickly
apparent that Karen wasn't reluctant to take full advantage of
the situation.

"Let's get this skirt off so the boys can see what you've got for
them," she said with obvious delight. "Unless of course you'd
like to ask me nicely to leave it on ?"

"Please don't take it off." Debby sobbed quietly.

"She did as well !" shrieked Caroline in amusement.

"You'll need to do better than that." Karen said. "How about
asking me nicely not to take your silly skirt away and show
everyone your bare bottom." Karen spoke as if speaking to a small
child.

Everybody else in the room other than Debby found Karen's remark
hugely funny and you could see any resolve than Debby might have
had to retain her dignity crumble as she spoke.

"You're a natural." Shouted Mike and I had to agree with him,
Karen couldn't have played the part better.

"I saw a film about it. She'll enjoy it if she gets treated like
a little girl." Karen said to another ripple of laughter.

"Don't look like she's havin' a ball just yet," said Adam to a
chorus of sniggers before silence descended and everyone waited
for Debby's reply.

"Please, I'm really sorry, I am." Debby spluttered through her
tears.

"Can I make her lift it up ?" Karen asked ?

"No need to as me, you do as you see fit." I gestured her to
continue.

"Okay, turn round and pull it up first ?" Karen said before
standing to one side to allow an unobstructed view.

"I can't believe she's goin' to do it !" said Mike. "I don't
reckon she's got anything on under that either."

Karen smiled. "You forget to wear your panties you naughty girl?"

Debby nodded her head and turned slowly, her back now to Adam,
Mike and Caroline. Very reluctantly she took the hem of the shirt
and pulled it ever so slightly higher.

"Right up sweetie," urged Karen. "I'll tell you when to stop."

Almost in slow motion Debbie began to raise the hem of the skirt,
the round cheeks of her bare bottom slowly coming into view.

"Right up," Karen urged.

"Go on Lets see her." Mike called impatiently.

Finally the gorgeous sight of her bare bottom was revealed,
framed by the rather scant covering of the skirt now pulled to
her waist.

"It's only going to get in the way though, it'll have to come
right off." Karen said with a theatrical sigh. "It won't be too
difficult you seem to have lost your buttons."

Debbie stood baring herself to the laughing and appreciative
audience before Karen had her turn to face them. The front of the
skirt still just covered her, although not for very much longer
as Karen ran her finger teasingly up the side of Debbie's leg to
find the solitary button and with a deft flick undid the button
holding the skirt together without letting it fall.

"Whoops, seems to have come apart."

A sadistic cheer went up from the others looking on as Debby's
nightmare unfolded.

"Hands away," ordered Karen and waited while Debbie moved her
hands. Karen slowly peeled the skirt away to a second cheer of
approval followed by surprise as the full extent of Debby's
nakedness came into view.

"Oh my God." Squawked Caroline. "Look at her !"

Debby stood with her hands behind her back, wearing only the top
that clung to her breasts, tears streamed down her face as her
four tormentors gave howls of approval at the sight before them.
Karen waved the skirt victoriously in the air.

Debby brought her hands to cover herself and stood with her head
bowed.

"You're forgetting yourself already," I said with disapproval.
"Hands away, I don't think anyone here said you could cover
yourself."

Debby slowly complied and put her hands at her sides, the slit of
her pussy visible in the lighter freshly shaven V between her
legs.

"You'll excuse her," I said. "She's a bit shy in front of
everyone."

I had her stand for a while as the comments and jeers reduced her
to a rather pathetic figure, her bare bottom and naked shaven
pussy the focus of every bodies eyes. Even Caroline and Karen
appeared sadistically excited by her humiliation.

"We get to take the top off as well?" asked Adam through the
commotion.

"Damn right." Mike added in approval. "She's practically out of
it anyhow."

"Seems to be enjoying it more now she's got a bare ass," called
Adam although quite obviously nothing could have been further
from the truth.

"I'm sure Karen wouldn't mind helping her out of the top as
well," I said.

I sat down and watched as Karen now expertly moved her attention
to the top, the zip almost undone of it's own accord but still
just about covering Debby's large and very gorgeous breasts.
Karen showed no signs of sympathy as she dropped the skirt and
motioned for the others to be silent.

"My pleasure" she said smiling across towards me.

"It's no more than she deserves." I encouraged.

"Let's see then, how does this come off." Karen slotted back into
her role of chief tormentor perfectly.

"Looks like she goin' to pop out anyhow," Adam said excitedly,
"She ain't exactly small."

"Let's have her jump around till they bounce out on their own,"
Karen said with a look of wicked satisfaction. "How's about a few
star jumps."

Debby looked across in desperation but I had to admit Karen's
idea was better than I could have thought and I wasn't about to
put a stop to it."

"Off you go. Lets see a bit of energy. Nice big stars as you
jump."

Debby's face crumpled into more tears as she made a very half
hearted attempt, jumping slightly but keeping her legs together
and barely moving her arms.

"Not good enough." I said matter of factly and started to take my
belt from around my waist. "You either jump or I get you bouncing
with my belt young lady."

The encouraging words were enough and she started to jump with a
great deal more vigour. Adam and Mike were immediately taken with
the show as Debby's considerable and unrestrained charms started
to bounce around. As well as her tits there was her newly shaven
pussy now getting a little more air as she opened her legs with
each jump. Caroline had collapsed in fits of giggles at the
spectacle.

Predictably the zipper started to make its way down with each
jump and the overstretched top started to part. It became almost
unbearably tantalising to watch as her breasts worked their way
from the material. She was starting to tire at about ten jumps or
so and despite a large portion of her breasts now on show she
remained just about covered. Finally and rather comically one
breast popped from the confines of the top to a cheer from Mike
and further hysterical giggles from Caroline.

"Stop there, " ordered Karen rather mercifully and brought the
workout to an end. "Let me help before you kill yourself." She
pulled the top open at the front without undoing the zipper.
Debby's breasts now hung from the front of the top and were
rising and falling magnificently as she tried to regain her
breath. Her exposed tits were beautifully framed. Stood with her
naked pussy and cute pink nipples on display it was a sight to
savour.

"If you don't mind I think this is one for the album !" Adam's
father spluttered before rushing off.

"I think it's photo time !" said Adam with a tone of comic
resignation. "We might even get a slide show in a week or two."

We let Debby stand, her excruciating embarrassment doubling the
excitement of her exposure. The top seemed to push her tits
together and I could almost imagine dribbling some oil between
her luscious mounds and sliding myself between them. My thoughts
were interrupted by Adam's father returning with a camera.

"Just a quick snap !" he said positioning himself in front of
Debby and firing off a couple of shots. "Arms back chest out,
smile for the camera," he joked.

"Maybe a couple more jumps for the camera now you're showing
yourself off," I added. "Off you go."

Debby started jumping again, her breasts bouncing wonderfully for
the camera.

"Maybe if it ain't blurred we could have a copy for the school
reunion," Adam said with more than a hint of irony.

"Sure you don't need a wide angle as well," jeered Mike to
general laughter.

Debby stood breathless while everybody looked on before Karen
stepped forward and took control of things once again.

"Arms back." She commanded "and stop crying, you know you like it
really." She opened the top completely and slid it down Debby's
arms.

"Hands on head like a good girl." Karen ordered after she pulled
the top completely off.

Debby now stood completely naked in front of the four teenagers,
her eyes red with tears as the boys laughed and eyed the smooth
curves of her body and the girls smirked, revelling in their
power.

I stood watching as Adam's father took more photographs. Things
seemed to be rolling along very nicely.

"I think it's about time this young lady showed just how sorry
she is and took her punishment." I spoke as I stood......

