Our New Villa
byBiggalute©

Our New Villa Pt. 03

Berni stared at me with fierce emotion in her eyes, was it anger, lust, confusion, probably a bit of all three. She was still laying flat on the tiled floor of our terrace, Joao knelt between her spread legs and me knelt at her head, my sticky, cum soaked fingers close to her mouth.

"Help me up." She said, it was barely audible, her mouth and lips dry.

Joao moved and I sat Berni forward, she was small and I could have lifted her, but she put her hand out for me to pull her up. She was still unsteady on her feet as Sarah and Becky came and hugged her, the sheer intensity and emotion of the evening spilling out, Berni shaking and the three of them crying and laughing and crying some more. They really were a sisterhood, albeit a very kinky sisterhood.

A small recap: In the mid nineties me and my fiancée Berni had bought a villa in Portugal, her two best friends, Becky and Sarah were staying with us, their wild, shared history coming to the fore and them introducing me to, and involving me in, their shenanigans.

"I need a drink." Berni said as they broke the embrace, "Yeah Joe, get everyone a drink, what sort of host are you." Sarah joked, helping everyone to relax and start talking again.

Ana, my Portuguese barber and the one who had earlier shaved Berni's snatch with a cut throat razor, gave Berni a gentle kiss on the lips, burying Berni's head in her shoulder as she again started to cry. Ines, tattoo artist, photographer and also Ana's girlfriend looked on with a gentle smile on her face.

Not for the first time on this amazing holiday I was struck, struck by love, care and respect. It didn't seem to matter what we got up to, no matter how intimate, sexual or even humiliating, there was a shared bond and I felt privileged and excited to be a part of it.

As I handed out the drinks, the only one who looked a bit uncomfortable and out of place was Joao. He could hardly make eye contact with me, probably uncertain about the dynamics and about my feelings, me having just watched him tongue fuck Berni's cunt and ass. I half smiled at him but I was also taking a perverse pleasure in his discomfort, a fact not lost on Sarah who came over, "Don't worry about this grumpy sod, I'll look after you." As she said this she kissed his ear and her leg went between his, he looked both excited and terrified; these were strong women, with strong appetites.

I'd chatted to most people but not Berni or Becky, who were stood on their own, chatting quietly. I and everyone else had just watched Berni's pussy being shaved, her legs spread wide, her most intimate parts on show as Ines took close up pictures and she'd seemed to love it. As the photo shoot continued I'd sat finger fucking Becky, my big dick wedged between her ass cheeks as Joao had stuck his tongue up Berni's ass and cunt and Sarah had pinned her down, forcing her boob into her mouth so she could hardly breathe. Where did I start this conversation?

They both looked at me, questioning smirks on their faces. On impulse I put my arms out and enveloped them in a hug, thankfully they cuddled me back. As reassuring and wonderful as their cuddles were, the feel of our bodies touching had an inevitable effect on me, my happily soft dick growing and hardening. As we separated, Becky laughed and Berni just shook her head. I smiled my 'it's not my fault smile' before asking Berni how she was doing.

"I'm getting there, that was fairly intense. I couldn't believe how far he could get his tongue up my ass."

I knew she was only saying this to wind me up but I did my best not to rise to the bait. "I didn't notice." I said nonchalantly.

"Of course you didn't, you were too busy with your hand stuck up this tarts cunt." They both burst out laughing. I just smiled, everything was back to normal.

The villa had three bedrooms and we'd already decided that Ana, Ines and Joao would stay the night before taking me back to the beach in the morning to collect my car. From the way Sarah had Joao pinned to a lounger it was pretty obvious that they would be spending the night together, Ana and Ines already offering to take the bedroom with the single beds so that Sarah could have the spare double.

As entertaining as watching Sarah in full flow was, Berni eventually shouted at them to go to bed, "Before you break my fucking lounger." Joao was a little sheepish but Sarah was in full swagger, kissing, groping and hugging everyone goodnight.

I offered everyone another drink, all of them laughing at me as I stood up, my dick sticking out obscenely, having just been squeezed by Sarah. I was a little drunk and happily stood there letting them gawk, "If I wasn't gay I'd like to play with that." Ana said, causing me to blush as I felt my dick twitch and harden even more, "Be my guest, there's plenty to go round." Berni joked, causing a few cackles; I just dashed off to get the drinks.

When I returned Berni had fetched a few blankets, the mid May night turning a bit cooler. Ana and Ines were cuddled under one and Berni and Becky under another, putting on my best sad face I said "What about me?"

"You and your dick can have one to yourselves." Berni said to more laughter, nodding to a blanket on the chair.

Becky had been a bit quiet but as we sat there comfortably warming up and sipping our drinks she began asking Ana and Ines about themselves, how they met, what was it like for a gay couple in Portugal etc. She even arranged to get a tattoo the next week, Ines saying Tuesday was best for her, "What type of tattoo and where?" Ines asked her.

"Something small and somewhere private, so only a select few will ever see it."

"Select few! Half of bloody London more like." Berni said. When we finished laughing it was arranged for the next Tuesday evening, Ana shaving her first and then Ines doing the tattoo, "I hope you have a big studio because we're all coming to watch." Added Berni.

I was very contented under my blanket, sipping my whisky and listening to the banter. Ines asked how long Berni and Becky had known each other. "Me, Becky and Sarah were at school together, then when we were eighteen we started going on holiday together, becoming closer as it were." She said this with exaggerated smile, "Then I met this big gallute." She said, pointing and smiling at me, "and that put a spanner in the works for a little while. But now that Joe has realized what a tart he is we're thinking of becoming a threesome." As she said this she winked at me and turned and gave Becky a smoldering kiss.

Ines and Ana looked confused and I didn't blame them, I was confused. They broke their kiss with a little giggle, "Excuse me." Ana said "What is a big gallute and a spanner in the works?"

The three of us started laughing, Ana and Ines spoke such good English that it was easy to forget that it wasn't their first language. "A big gallute is a big, clumsy man." Berni explained and they both smiled at me, obviously agreeing with and understanding the description. "A spanner in the works means messing things up."

It was Ines's turn "How can Joe be a tart, he's not a cake or a female prostitute, I think." We all smiled at this and it fell to me to explain. "You're right, tart is used to describe a female prostitute but we use it in a more general way, say someone who enjoys teasing or acting sexily or someone who enjoys their own sexuality and is happy with it." They seemed to be nodding and I hoped they got it.

"So does that make Joe a big tart? Ana asked.

"Definitely!" Berni and Becky answered in tandem.

We all settled down a bit, everyone lost in their own thoughts. Ana and Ines started talking quietly in Portuguese, something they hadn't really done earlier. Eventually Ana said, "Berni, can I ask you something?" Berni nodded, smiling "Are you and Becky lovers?"

I was all ears and could see both Berni and Becky struggling to come up with an answer. Berni eventually answered, "It's complicated, we're very good friends who enjoy messing around and sometimes teasing each other sexually or helping each other with their sexual needs and desires. We have slept together and cuddled and comforted each other and yes we have had sex but I don't think we've ever made love. Does that make sense?"

Ana began to smile, "So you're a tart?"

"Exactly!"

I asked if anyone wanted another drink but Ana and Ines said they were tired and going to bed, us three deciding on a night cap. I saw Ana and Ines to their room and showed them where the linen was, Ines giving a little hug and Ana giving me a peck on the cheek, "Thank you for an enjoyable and interesting day."

"You're welcome, goodnight Ana, goodnight Ines."

"Goodnight tart." They both giggled back at me. I think the name was going to stick.

I went to the kitchen to get more ice before returning to the terrace, the bed creaking and grunts and groans from Sarah's room making me smile.

I was tired myself and could've quite happily snuggled under a duvet and gone to sleep but I wondered if the girls had other ideas. As I handed them their drinks I decided to stay standing, enjoying the cool air around my semi erect dick. "Is that meant to impress or frighten us?" Berni said, pretending to cover Becky's eyes.

"Neither, it's just me enjoying a lovely whisky and being bollock naked on my own terrace." As an afterthought I added, "It's been a mad day, a wonderful, sexy, mad day; thank you to both of you."

"Sit down you tart."

"I think it's time for bed, I'll sleep on the sofa if you two want the bed." The gentlemanly side of my brain made me say this, the dirty pervert side slapping him as it came out of my mouth.

"Ok.' Berni said and they both stood up, gave me a peck on the cheek and walked passed me. They stopped, no longer able to control themselves, both nearly double over with laughter.

"You should have seen your face." Berni said "Come here you silly tart." They both took me by the hand and led me inside.

I didn't know what was going to happen but as I was led by these two incredibly sexy, beautiful, naked women, both of whom I loved, albeit in different ways, I felt I was in heaven.

I have to admit that I was as nervous as I was excited, up until this holiday me and Berni had had a fairly straight forward sex life and even the sex on this holiday had been mostly spontaneous, my second brain doing all the thinking for me; this felt more planned.

I was half expecting us to jump each other's bones as soon as we got to the bedroom, but Berni and Becky went to the ensuite, "You can piss while I brush my teeth then we'll swap." Berni said as she locked the door. I thought locking the door was strange but I was also thinking I needed a pee myself and I hoped they wouldn't be too long. I heard the toilet flush and thought they must have finished but when I heard them giggling and then the shower go on, I thought fuck it, I'll go the main bathroom.

The door was locked, shit. I heard that toilet flush and as I wasn't sure who was in there I wondered whether I should move away from the door. Too late, Sarah came out and after initially being surprised to see me she broke into a big grin and grabbed hold of my dick which was only at half mast but achingly full of urine. "Good job I didn't try to put this up my bum, Joao just had his little pecker up there and it's already stinging like mad." She started giggling and leant in and gave me a kiss on the cheek, pulling my dick once before saying, "Goodnight Joe."

I stood there open mouthed, it was official, Berni and her friends were insane.

I returned to our bedroom as Berni and Becky were just coming out of the bathroom "Where you been?" Berni asked

"I went to pee and to give Sarah a kiss goodnight." They looked puzzled but before they could say anything I continued "What kept you two so long?"

They giggled before Berni put on an appalling French accent "Getting ready for a night of love."

I just raised an eyebrow and went to cuddle the two of them, Berni stopping me and nodding at Becky "This slut has something to ask you." The jokiness had gone from Berni's voice and I wondered if we were back in the realms of Becky wanting to be humiliated and treated roughly, the way we had on the first day. I still felt guilty about it even though I had talked to Becky and she'd explained she loved it and got off on it.

Becky's demeanor changed, she joined her hands, bit her bottom lip and tilted her head, trying to look shy, vulnerable and innocent, if you ignored the big tits and very slappable ass.

"Please sir, may I suck your dick." She said in a slight voice.

I started laughing; this sounded more like an Oliver Twist scene than it did anything sexual. From the look on Berni's face I realized I wasn't meant to laugh. I was thinking fast, I lifted my hand and gently lifted Becky's head so that she had to look at me, "Get down on your knees." I said in as steady a voice as I could muster. Berni's look said, 'that's better.'

Becky held my gaze as she knelt, her face only inches from my engorged dick. I was incredibly turned on but fighting an internal battle. I had a beautiful and sexy woman on her knees in front of me, offering herself and wanting to be abused, and my equally beautiful fiancée encouraging me to use her and yet I felt uneasy, a bit of my brain saying this isn't right.

I actually think I was about to stand Becky up and cuddle her when Berni barked "Open your mouth slut." Becky obeyed, "Wider!"

I was losing my internal battle; Becky's lips were trembling as she struggled to keep her mouth open to its fullest and I had to lean forward so as to angle my rigidly upright dick into her mouth, trying hard to avoid scraping my large bulbous head against her teeth.

I was looking down at Becky and she was trying to maintain eye contact as I inched forward. She suddenly gagged and I pulled back sharply, snagging my dick on her teeth as I did so. Why I hadn't expected her to gag I don't know, but as I stood there wincing and looking apologetically at Becky, Berni again took control.

"You like to gag, don't you slut?" Becky nodded and opened her mouth again, inviting me in. I pushed in even slower and stopped as I felt Becky's throat start to spasm. I watched her intently as she slowly pushed onto me, her mouth still open and becoming accustomed to the invading monster. Becky's eyes began to water as I felt her throat tighten on the end of my dick, an incredible sensation that I'd never experienced before. "Close your lips." Berni ordered, "Suck that big dick." Becky did as she was told and it was an amazing feeling and an amazing sight, much more attractive than her mouth open like a sex doll.

Her lips were half way down my dick, much further than Berni had ever managed to get and as she started to suck and swirl her tongue around I felt myself building to an orgasm. I was young in those days and when stimulated I had no trouble getting a second hard on shortly after coming, but me and Berni had practiced how long we could hold out without coming and I was determined only to cum when I wanted, I didn't want to yet.

Berni moved closer and was pushing Becky onto me, her own boobs dangling next to Becky's head as she did so. I think Berni expected me to cum and it became an unspoken tussle between us, with poor Becky's face and throat in the middle.

I distracted myself by leaning and pinching Berni's nipple, causing her to yelp and not push Becky's head so hard. I continued my assault on Berni, leaning further over and slapping her ass, my leaning also forcing my dick further into Becky's throat and partially blocking her nose, Becky pushing me away and gasping, her face a mess of tears, saliva and a silly grin I definitely wasn't expecting.

"That's the deepest I've ever taken anyone." She gasped proudly.

"Do you want some?" I said, pointing my dick at Berni. It's a funny thing, as much as this was about fulfilling Becky's kink, I'd also come to realize that it was about control. Berni loved to organize and control things and the fact that I hadn't cum down Becky's throat or over her face would annoy Berni. At that moment I decided that I'd carry on playing her games but that I would take some control, knowing I could do so in a way that would get all of us turned on and press all our sexual buttons.

Berni gave my sticky dick a disdainful look but before she could say anything I told her to kneel up on the bed, on all fours. She hesitated and looked a bit uncertain and confused.

"Just do it, and keep your knees together."

She climbed on the bed and what a wonderful site it was, her ass cheeks spread and her shaven pussy and asshole completely on display. This was my first close up look since Ana had shaved her and I loved it.

Becky was stood beside me admiring the view, both of us literally licking our lips. "Eat her asshole." I whispered in her ear. Her smile lit up her face as she pulled Berni's ass cheeks further apart, stretching her tight sphincter; Berni letting out a little groan as Becky's tongue gently probed her.

Berni and her friends really were dirty, kinky girls and how she'd kept that from me for three years I don't know. It must have killed her trying to pretend to be Miss Proper, denying this side of herself. As I watched Becky's tongue probe deeper and heard Berni's moans get louder, any reservations I had about getting involved left me.

I moved in front of Berni wondering what to do with my dick, whether to make her suck it or just jerk off over her. When I saw the look of ecstasy on her face all I could do was lean over and kiss her, her tongue darting into my mouth and her biting my lip as Becky probed her. I had an idea.

Berni groaned as I broke our kiss, a hurt look on her face. I went to the bathroom to retrieve a tube of lube I knew Berni had put there when she unpacked the suitcases. Half of it was gone, what had they been up too earlier? Liberally applying it to my dick I returned and gently pulled Becky's head out of Berni's ass, both of them giving out to me for stopping their pleasure. Without warning I line myself up with Berni's pussy and started to push in.

Her legs were still together and even though she was wet the opening was tight, the lube helping as I held her hips and pushed in, Berni letting out little yelps of pain and pleasure as I pushed hard, not stopping till I bottomed out. Berni was small and my dick was big, Berni always joking of a bruised cervix whenever I was deep inside of her. As I started thrusting hard I didn't care, my only thoughts being how quickly I could cum. After only half a dozen strokes I felt my balls tightening and knew I was near. I thrusted twice more before pulling out and coating Berni's asshole and cunt with my jism. As I caught my breath I grabbed a wide eyed Becky by the hair, shoving her mouth into Berni's holes "Now eat that."

I would love to know what was in Berni's mind as she glared at me but I didn't ask, instead just presenting my only marginally softer, gooey dick for her to suck.

Becky lifted her head and looked at me, "Is it all cleaned up?" I asked as I smiled at her messy face. She nodded. "Good girl, kneel up on the bed beside Berni."

Berni was only licking at my dick, the head always being too big to fit in her mouth. As I pulled it away from her mouth I said, "I'm going to fuck Becky up the ass, you lie on the bed and play with yourself, I want to see every bit of your shaven cunt."


Their faces were a picture, Becky wide eyed, nervous but I think looking forward to what was to come, Berni staring at me as if to say, 'who is this person?'

Berni knelt upright on the bed, bringing her nearly to my height, without warning she slapped me hard around the face, glaring at me, daring me to say or do anything. As I smirked she hit me again, I saw it coming and could have stopped it but was actually quite enjoying the scene, the venting of emotion.

I held Berni by the shoulders, she was fuming and trying to slap and kick at me, calling me all sorts of names as I pinned her back on the bed. Becky was as use to Berni's temper and spirit as I was and I know she would have been on Berni's side if there was a need but as I held Berni firmly, she smiled at me.

"Sit on her face." I told her.

"Yes!" I think that was in her mind as well. Becky was the same height and shape as Berni but not as defined, her little extra weight making it easy for her to climb on Berni's face and pin her arms down with her knees. "You're two fucking cunts." Were the last words out of Berni's mouth before the sound was muffled.

Berni's legs stopped thrashing as her mouth got to work and I stood off the bed, "Is she a good pussy eater." I asked.

"Absolutely, she's had plenty of practice before." Becky said with a cheeky grin. Again I realized how little of the real Berni I knew.

I wondered what to do next, would I play with Becky's gorgeous tits or with Berni's tits or fanny. Becky decided for me, "Stand up on the bed."

As she started sucking my dick she told me not to cum, "Save that for my ass."

She gave an incredible blow job and I desperately wanted to explode down her throat but also to fuck her ass, decisions, decisions.

I pulled out and realized that Becky herself wasn't far off coming as she grinded herself onto Berni's face,

"Don't cum, wait for Berni." I said as I went to work on Berni. I couldn't get over how beautiful her shaven pussy was and could happily have looked at it and played with it for ages but I had work to do.

Berni had taught me over the years what she liked and she was soon wiggling about and bucking her hips as I flicked her clit with my tongue. The whole bed was shaking as Becky thrust back and forth against her face and Berni bucked her hips up and down, both of them sharing a shattering orgasm.

Becky leant forward and kissed my messy mouth, licking up the messy mixture of my saliva and Berni's juices. She was one kinky bitch

We lain down, Berni and Becky tightly entwined and me spooning Berni, my arm cuddling and caressing the two of them. The comfort and beauty of this position and the exertions of the day nearly had me dosing off when I heard them giggling, "What?" I groggily asked.

"You started snoring, I'd rather watch you fuck Becky's ass than listen to your snoring." They both thought this was funny and as Berni's hand found my soft dick I knew I had no choice. It's a hard life. 


Our New Villa Pt. 04

I was up early the next morning so Ana and Ines could drop me back at my car before heading off to work themselves. As we had a quick coffee you could tell they both wanted to ask about the night before but were too polite; Ana smiling cheekily as she commented on how tired I looked being their only reference to me sleeping with both Berni and Becky.

They waved goodbye, thinking it was very funny to shout 'See you soon tart' at me as they drove away. Berni and Becky had called me a tart the night before and we'd had to explain what it meant; now the name seemed to have stuck.

As I drove back to the villa I was trying to get my head straight and wandering what awaited me; we had slept with Berni cuddling Becky and me behind Berni, cuddling the two of them. They were still asleep when I got up, Berni briefly stirring as I kissed her shoulder in parting. The weather was cloudy, the first non sunny day we'd had since arriving and I decided to drive around a bit, passing through a few local villages as they were just coming to life, stopping in one to pick up some pastries before heading back.

There was no one in the kitchen but it was messier than I'd left it, I refilled the coffee maker and headed to our bedroom, the sounds of giggles greeting me at the door. I was still uncertain in my head as to our new formed relationship and entered the bedroom sheepishly, I needn't have worried. Berni and Becky were sat up in bed drinking coffee, the duvet across them and beaming smiles on their faces.

"What kept you? we thought you'd changed your mind." Berni said

"About what?"

"Well, you still owe Becky a good ass fucking for one."

I loved sex and even though my dick twitched, I wasn't really in the mood for Berni's messing or sexual banter, thankfully nor was Becky, elbowing her and calling her a dirty bitch as she smiled more.

My face must have given her the message because she said, "Alright make us both another coffee instead." Handing me their mugs.

I'm my own worst enemy, as I made the coffee I was thinking what it would be like to fuck Becky's ass. I'd had plenty of anal play but never anal intercourse, Berni always saying my girth and length would kill her. Becky was a different sexual creature, enjoying being submissive and even humiliated, Berni and their other friend Sarah helping her explore this side of herself over the years.

I really liked Becky and had spent time talking to her about this a few days previous, having been worried by my role in one of their sexual escapades. She convinced me that she was really into it and got off on being used. She'd also said that she'd like to be fucked up the ass, I'd thought it was just messing and joking but as I waited for the coffee my mind was racing and my dick rock hard.

There was no way I could hide my arousal and rather than letting the coffee get cold I thought, fuck it!

Berni was the first to speak, laughing and pointing at my dick, "Oi, oi what you been up to?"

"Just getting ready for Becky's ass. I'm amazed I could get it up so quickly after Ana and Ines both giving me blow jobs."

"In your dreams." They both laughed.

I began to get undressed, "Where you going, we're just getting up." Berni said and they jumped out of bed, the two naked women coming to me and taking their coffees, Berni kissing me and Becky rubbing my dick through my shorts "Later big boy." She whispered into my ear.

Neither of them bothered getting dressed and as we sat round the table we were joined by an equally naked Sarah, "You have to help me get rid of him, I think he might propose soon." The three of them burst out laughing but I felt a bit sorry for Joao. I'm sure he'd had a great night but he was only young and maybe didn't realize it was just about the sex for Sarah.

When I'd invited Ana, who was my barber, having taken over the salon from her grandfather, to the beach yesterday I didn't know she was gay and that she'd bring her girlfriend Ines along. Ines was a tattoo artist and photographer and had brought her brother Joao along. We'd all had a great day and evening, culminating in Ana shaving Berni's pussy with a cut throat razor as we all looked on, followed by some heavy duty sex. Sarah had probably given Joao the night of his young life but now wanted rid of him.

I sat watching the three naked ladies giggling and coming up with ideas when Joao walked in, freshly showered and dressed, a big happy smirk on his face. The teases that they were, both Becky and Berni came over and said good morning, pecking him on the cheek and making sure their tits rubbed off his arm.

I really felt sorry for him and came up with an idea. "Joao you live in the city with Ines, right?" he nodded and they all looked at me, "Well the weather has turned, no good for the beach or sunbathing. Why don't I drop you home and then me and Berni can show the girls the city, maybe do a bit of shopping."

They all liked the idea and the girls being the girls, they immediately started trying to come up with dares for each other to do, flashing, flaunting, that kind of thing. I interrupted them, "I have an idea, why for once don't you bleeding behave yourselves. Just a nice day, nice food, just relax and enjoy it."

"Spoil sport." Sarah moaned but you could see that they all agreed.

I sat making small talk with Joao whilst they all got ready, not really having much to say to him. They came back into the kitchen together and the three of them looked lovely, all wearing simple summer dresses that complemented, rather than showed off, their different figures.

"You all look lovely and if I may say so, quite respectable."

"Thank you, but I'm not wearing any knickers." Said Becky as she lifted the back of her dress and bent over. "Nor me." "Nor me." said Sarah and Berni and we were faced with three beautiful, naked asses, poor Joao eyes nearly bursting out of his head and me just smiling and shaking my head in exasperation.

I thought it better that Joao sat in the front with me and I was right, the three of them in rare form in the back, talking ninety to the dozen and becoming increasingly lewd. Joao shared an apartment with Ines above her tattoo parlour and we were all nosy to see what it was like inside and where Becky would be getting her tattoo next week.

Ines was delighted to see us and greeted us like old friends, not people she'd only met yesterday and last seen only a few hours earlier. She'd just finished a tattoo and had an hour till her next appointment, she insisted we all had a beer and sent Joao off to get them. We joked about her drinking whilst she was working and she said that after the amount she'd drunk yesterday that it would probably steady her hand.

She showed us books of tattoos and asked Becky to pick one out. "I do one off, individual designs also, but that takes longer to prepare for, for next week it would be better to choose one of these." She said to Becky, showing her a book of tattoos she could do in one sitting.

None of us had ever been in a tattoo studio before and this was bright and airy, not the normal stereotype. Ines said it had been her fathers before he retired and she had deliberately tried to make it more welcoming and less scary. "More female friendly." She said with a smile.

When she was drunk the night before Becky had said she wanted the tattoo somewhere private, 'Where only a select few will see it.' 'More like half of London' Berni had joked, but now Becky wasn't sure where she wanted it or what she wanted.

"How about this one?" Sarah said, showing Becky a fine pencil drawing of a snake, the drawing adorned with finely detailed flowers, all in black and white "You could have it done on the inside of your leg, can you imagine it slithering towards your pussy."

"Ugh."

"Her hole would swallow that snake." Said Berni, bringing the conversation even lower but making them all laugh.

"The snake has always stood for knowledge, wisdom and fertility. It's ability to shed its skin signifying an ability to reinvent yourself and be anything you want." Ines said and I could see that Becky was interested, Ines added, "If you have it on the inside of your thigh that will give you an excuse for Ana shaving you, like you said you wanted last night."

Becky's face lit up even more and I knew in that moment it was a done deal. Ines said something quietly to Joao and he went off, coming back with more beers for us but not herself. "I have to drive home later." I said.

"After four hours of shopping with this lot you'll be sober." We all laughed and raised a toast. It felt very relaxing and I think we could happily have stayed all day but were starting to get ready to leave when the phone went. Ines went and answered it and came back a bit annoyed, "My afternoon appointment has cancelled, turns out she has a new boyfriend and he doesn't like tattoos, silly bitch."

I was the first to speak, "That's bloody annoying, could you do Becky this afternoon?"

Becky looked instantly shocked and nervous, coming up with excuses. "But Ana isn't here to shave me."

"It's not really necessary to shave; it's only I thought you wanted to." Ines said.

"I'll shave you." As I said this I could see Berni and Sarah get really interested, the thought of putting their friend through the sexual humiliation of me shaving her most intimate parts far more interesting than the tattoo. With the pressure of Sarah and Berni on board it was increasingly difficult for Becky to back out.

Ines said she would need an hour to prepare, tracing the outline of the tattoo etc. She told us of a good place for lunch and a local chemist that sold ladies razors, I didn't know there was a difference.

The food was good and the girls drank a bottle of wine between them, "These things are more fun when you're a little pissed." Berni explained to me as their conversation became more raucous and sexual. I'd always thought of myself as a bit of a lad, a man about town as it were, but I was an amateur compared to Berni and her friends.

Ines was serious about her work and told Berni and Sarah they could only stay and watch if they stayed quiet. This they promised to do, "I have one, no two questions before you start." Sarah said. "Where's Joao and can we borrow your camera to take photos?"

Ines couldn't help but smile, "Joao has gone to bed, says he's tired." Her smile widened as she said this, "and yes you can borrow my camera."

Becky had been quiet since we returned from lunch, the nerves helping her to sober up; I smiled trying to reassure her but was a mixture of nerves and excitement myself. As we went behind a little screen to the back of the studio I could see her faltering, the tattoo table making it all very real. Berni and Sarah were beside her, providing reassurance and encouragement, before typically Sarah said, "I think you should take your dress off, you don't want to get it dirty."

"That's not necessary for the tattoo." Said Ines.

"Oh but it is, adds to the whole experience." Sarah said, smiling. Ines smiled back, catching on to what was going on.

Becky still looked nervous, but as I'd noticed before with all of them, they'd get to a point where something would snap and a bloody mindedness would take over. So it was with Becky, her look changed and she stared the four of us down before coolly removing her dress and then her bra, her big tits bouncing free of their restraints. "Why the bra?" I asked her, "Looks better for the photos." She replied.

"Where do you want me?" Becky asked. I looked at Ines who just shrugged as if to say 'this bit is your show.'

I wasn't as turned on as I thought I'd be, my nervousness keeping my raging hormones and hard dick at bay. I told Becky to sit up on the table with the backrest half out. As she was doing this Berni whispered something in my ear. I shook my head and said "I'm not sure that's appropriate, you'd have to ask Ines."

"Ines." Berni said, more nervously than I expected. "Would it be okay if Joe was in the nude too, make for more interesting photos."

To my surprise Ines just smiled and said "I'll get you some hot water for the shaving."

Ines returned and gave me some instructions, being shaven herself and more experienced in these things. She told me that I could use the shaving foam I'd bought to soften Becky's already trimmed pubes but it would be best to wash the foam off before shaving to stop it clogging the razor.

I told Becky to spread her legs and allowed Sarah to take a few close ups before having great fun spraying on the foam as if it was whipped cream, applying much more than I needed. Sarah was clicking away the whole time but Becky wasn't really reacting very much, sat with her legs splayed and a bored look on her face. It was only when I spread the foam around with my fingers that Becky reacted; squirming as I allowed my thumb to rub over what I thought was probably her clit, hard to know exactly as it was covered in foam.

Ines provided a cloth and warm water and I made great play of washing off the foam, dabbing slowly along her lips so as not to miss any bits. Becky's fidgeting on the table and her little moans of approval were having an effect on me, a fact not lost on the others as Sarah took close ups of my now erect dick.

"Will you be able to get close enough to the table with that thing sticking out?" Berni joked, giving Sarah an idea and me having to stand with my dick sticking into the table and bending in an exaggerated fashion to reach between Becky's legs. I can't complain, I was enjoying the fun and loving the attention.

I straightened and smiled at Becky who smiled back and nodded slightly, signaling that it was ok for me to continue. I shaved myself everyday with a razor but as I stood looking down at Becky I felt nervous, having to look at my hand to be sure it wasn't trembling. I took a moment to soak up the scene, Becky's beautiful smiling face looking up at me, her torso relaxed and her legs spread, her pink lips visible through the damp pubic hair. I looked at Berni and Ines who looked back, amused looks on both their faces, and at Sarah who was still moving around and clicking away from different angles and then at myself, stood bollock naked, my erection a tad off full hardness and a shiny razor in my hand, my willing victim before me. This really was surreal.

I gathered myself and bent forward, allowing my finger to softly ruffle Becky's pubic hair. The hair on top of her mound I removed easily and smoothly before straightening myself and looking at Becky, who again nodded for me to continue. I bent further this time until my face was only inches from Becky's cunt, the amazing mixed aroma of her sexual arousal and the shaving foam menthol filling my nose as I marveled at the pink beauty of her glistening, exposed lips.

Previously I'd never studied the female anatomy that closely, always just attacking it with either my tongue, fingers or cock but now I found myself wondering how best to shave it, where to place my hand to pull the skin tort etc. I gently pulled one of her lips with the thumb and finger of my left hand, the skin tightening and allowing me to shave.

"Umm, that feels nice." Becky said gently, her smiling face giving me confidence. I continued shaving her, paying particular attention to any little stray hairs. As I finished I couldn't help but plant a gentle kiss on her beautiful lips, causing Becky to giggle.

As I straightened Sarah moved in immediately to take photos but Berni just hugged and kissed me, a tear starting to form in her eye.

"What's the matter?" I asked her

"Nothing, that was just beautiful, the way you were so gentle and loving as you shaved Becky, thank you for looking after her."

I smiled and held her close to me, again reminded of how complex, loving and a little mad the relationship between the three girls was. Ines was stood next to us and just smiled and nodded to me before saying, "Right now for the tattoo. Are you ready Becky?"

All eyes turned to Becky who was still naked on the table, legs splayed and tits falling gently to the sides.

"You can put your legs together now, I'm finding it difficult to concentrate." Ines laughed as she said this and we all joined in her little joke, as Becky straightened her legs. Ines continued, "I'll draw it in pen and show you in a mirror, see if you like the position, also I'm sure this lot will have an opinion."

"Definitely." Becky said to all round smiles.

Ines had Becky lay on her right side, bend her knees up and move her left leg out of the way, again exposing her shaven snatch. "Are you sure you don't want to put your knickers on?"

"I don't have any." Becky said with a cheeky smile, Ines just threw her eyes up and shook her head.

Ines quickly drew the outline of the snake, and went a got a mirror so Becky could see where it finished.

We all moved in closer for a good look, Becky smiling away and I think stretching her legs further apart, her pussy lips spreading further. The snake started mid thigh and finished at her perineum. We were humming and hawing, no one, including Becky, quite sure it looked right.

"I think you should move it either forwards or backwards." Said Sarah, "So it's either heading up her ass or up her cunt." We all giggled at this, even Ines seeing the funny side of Sarah's crassness.

"I think because of the shape and curve of it, it would look better going up her ass." Ines said smiling, I think enjoying being rude in English. We all agreed and Ines again drew the snake, starting slightly higher. "Right tart, turn over and kneel up" As Ines said this we all smiled and Berni gave her a hug as if to welcome her to our little club.

Becky flipped over and knelt up, her ass cheeks spreading and everything she had to offer on full display. I think we all said 'wow' under our breaths, it was an amazingly sexy, alluring and pretty pornographic sight. Ines moved in closer and drew the remainder of the snake on the inside of Becky's right buttock, spreading the cheeks further for access as she did so.

"That looks amazing." Berni said.

"It'll look even better in the dark ink and with the flowers added." Ines said

We all agreed and as we discussed it we nearly forgot about Becky, ass up and tits dangling down. "I wish I could see it."

"I'll take lots of pictures when it's finished and send you some. With your permission I'd like to put it in one of my tattoo books, the one's I show to real tattoo enthusiasts."

"You can show it to anyone you like, show her shaven cunt and asshole to the whole world." No one laughed at Sarah's comment this time and it brought a new atmosphere to the room, gone was the light hearted jolliness, being replaced by a tension and a reminder of Becky's humiliation. I looked at Berni who grimaced a bit, also feeling a bit uncomfortable.

I thought Sarah had overstepped the mark and moved in front of Becky to see if she was alright, forgetting about my own nakedness and my semi-hard dick bouncing about in front of her face.

Becky was smiling and started laughing, "Take that fucking thing away from me before I bite it off."

I feigned jumping back and we all started laughing again, the atmosphere lifting.

"Becky, do you want me to start with the head first with you in this position or do you want to lay down?" Ines asked.

"As I am, how much will it hurt?"

"More uncomfortable than hurting, maybe you can hold onto Joe's dick and squeeze it every time the pain gets too bad." We all laughed at this, but I quite liked the idea, my dick twitching its approval.

"I thought you had to bite down on things to stop you screaming." I added to more smiles, "Actually I think I should hold her cheeks apart to give you better access."

"I like that idea, I'll hold your hand Becky." Berni said and moved forward, pinching at Becky's nipple before kissing her lingeringly on the lips. My dick was rock hard and Ines just smiled and shook her head at the scene in front of her, Sarah back into her photographer mode.

I pulled her cheeks apart way more than necessary, her little rose bud gaping as Sarah clicked away. My back was to Berni but I knew from Becky's giggles and groans that she was whispering things into her ear. Ines looked like she was getting a bit fed up with the messing and wanted to get on. I released my grip, allowing her ass cheeks to relax and skin to contract.

"Becky, I'm going to start the tattoo now, breath normally and try to stay still, is that ok?

Becky nodded. "Joe place one hand on her lower back to steady her and gently pull her right cheek to the side, try not to stretch the skin."

I did as I was told and watched in wonder as Ines started to apply the ink, Becky only twitching once as the tattoo started. What started as a sexual game was now a serious situation as Ines applied the art to Becky's skin.

I don't know how long the first part took but after a while Ines told Becky to turn over and lay down again. Ines had been dabbing away with a tissue at the tattoo the whole time she worked and as Becky lifted her left leg to give her access she looked at Becky and smiled before dabbing further down her thigh, the two of them getting into kinks of laughter.

Gathering herself she explained, "I think Becky is enjoying this tattoo very much."

"Sorry Ines, I'm so fucking horny the juices are dripping out of me."

It was one of those amazing moments when everyone's brain is in sync, smiling we all nodded and said "Tart."

Ines continued the tattoo and continued to mop up a mixture of blood and pussy juice, Becky providing a running commentary of how turned on she was and struggling not to squirm around on the table.

The tattoo was eventually finished and looked amazing. We asked Ines to come out for a meal with us but she said she was tired but would love to come for dinner on Saturday evening with Ana.

"Can we all keep our clothes on this time?" She asked. We joked about it but said of course we could. She gave everyone a hug, including a nice kiss for a still naked Becky. When it came to me I was very conscious of my dick still standing at half mast and offered to shake her hand. She laughed at this and spread her arms wide, saying 'Come here you tart' before enveloping me in a tight hug.

Everyone was in great spirits driving back to our villa. I was probably the quietest, concentrating on driving but also thinking a lot, over analyzing as I sometimes do and wandering what the evening would bring. 

 