TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  MAY 2008 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuckold, M+/F, MM, MF, Inter, Impreg, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

	I call myself the Collector.  I live in Phantomville.  You readers know of this little town through the author C.D.E.

	And in this very interesting city, I find out things.  I listen for information.  I capture and collect facts and tidbits of knowledge of all sorts.

	I have been a cable guy, a pool guy, a home repairman, you name it, I've been all those things.  That's how I've gotten into many homes and businesses. It really has helped me with my information voyeurism collection.

	What you are about to read is a story I've pieced together from bits and pieces of data and gossip and eavesdropping I've gathered from listening and video bugs I've placed all over my fair city.  Yes, you see I see and hear many things through the marvels of electronics.

	For this tale you are about to read, I have enlisted the aid of C.D.E. to put the final touches on it and to post it for me. For I wish to remain in the background and do what I do best.  That is, to remain anonymous so as to feed my little voyeuristic hobby.

This following tale was one of the easiest to get, for what I didn't get from a listening device in Norman's parents and his home, I got from the a transcript in the files of their his Relationship Counselor, Dr. Judy.

   

Title:  The Phantomville Collector:Vol 7: The Story of Norman and Nora 
By C.D.E. & The Phantomville Collector

CAST:
Norman
Nora
Nancy King - Nora's mom
Ned King - Nora's dad
Norman's mom
Dr. Judy  Relationship Counselor


	"Norman, thanks for coming by."

	"Oh sure Mother King, it was no problem stopping by here after work.  Nora and Mom are going shopping with the kids this evening.  I was going to have to decide what to do about dinner anyway, so it was good you invited me over.  Now you also said you wanted to talk to me about something too?"

	"Yes Norman, I do.  As your mother-in-law, you know Nora's dad only want the best for you too.  We know you too are very much in love with each other.  And we certainly appreciate all you've done to be the kind of husband Nora needs."

	"I've really tried hard Mother King."

	"I know you have Norman dear.  You've been a darling about trying to compensate for your shortcomings and each time you've adjusted to make up for them, our daughter tells us she only feels deeper in love with you."

	"T-That's so good to hear."

	"But what I wanted to chat with you about Norman is that I got a call from Nat Wilson.  He's such a nice handsome young man isn't he?"

	"H-He called you?"

	"Yes he did Norman.  I think you and Nora are quite lucky to have him as one of the studs in your marriage.  Your daughter Natalie really took a lot of her pretty looks from his good looks.

	"And Norman, again I have to praise you for accepting that to keep your marriage harmonious and your wife sexually satisfied, it would have to include other men.  As you know, many marriages here in Phantomville have studs to make them complete.  But with Nora needing and having 4 regular 'real men' to keep her content is above the norm, even for our little town.

	"But nevertheless, it's what is, so we have to work with it.  In addition, Norman, she's had babies from each one of them during your 11 year marriage, so that too has to considered.  And Nora's dad and I love and adore all our beautiful grand kids. In other words Norman, Nat and your other three studs are basically family.  Okay?"

	"Y-Yes ma'am, I-I understand. B-But..."

	"Hold on Norman, let me continue."

	"Y-Yes ma'am."

	"Now Nat called and told me that because he asked you about you letting him fuck you in the ass, you got all upset and angry and even ran off and didn't finish giving him the blow job he was expecting from you.  Is that correct?"

	"M-Mother King, N-Nat knows I-I don't want to get fucked up my ass.  Y-Yes I-I did get upset and left him with him with his dick in his hand.  It-It was a bad day for me at work a-and him asking about s-shagging me just set me off.  It-It's bad enough I-I give him a-and Nora's other 'studs' or 'real men' suck offs on demand.  B-But like mother, Dr. Judy our Relationship Counselor, and you and Mr. King, drilled in me, as Nora's helpmate husband, I should see it as one of my duties.

	"W-Well for over 10 years, I-I've been a cocksucker for them and swallowed countless loads of their cum."

	"And Norman, they appreciate every hot gooey load you took dear.  And I know Nora's dad really delights in getting off in your mouth every time he fucks your face.  He's so proud of how skillful you are at sucking dicks and drinking semen after he broke you into being a cocksucker."

	"I-I know. He tells me all the time how pleased he is with me.  I-I admit, h-he did prepare me for Nora's studs by forcing me to l-learn to s-suck and s-swallow from his large penis."

	"Now Norman, you must not lose your temper when the guys bring up that they'd like for you to go that extra little bit and be a bitch for them.  Nora's dad has said he too has talked to you about making yourself fuckable."

	"Y-Yes he has Mother King, b-but as I-I told him, I-I'm just not into that yet."

	"Hasn't Dr. Judy also discussed this with you too?"

	"SIGH!  Several times. She says I-I should've done it at least 8 years ago.  She says she's surprised I haven't been raped.  She's told me many times, with me having some girlish features as well as a cocksucker, men might just assume my ass is ready for their dicks.  She's warned me about being injured if I got fucked and wasn't properly trained and prepared.  S-She's referred me to a doctor w-who can give me the necessary preparatory training and kits to get me ready to be a dick taker in my 'ass pussy', as she labels it."

	"She really is a top notch counselor, and wise too.  You should take her advise.  But tell me Norman, are you afraid you'll like being fucked?"

	"N-No it-it's not that Mother King, I-I, uh, well, I-I know I-I'm w-wimpy a-and n-not as m-manly as Nora's studs.  B-But if-if I-I go-go that far, I-I'll feel as if-if I-I'm a faggot."

	"Oh is that's all that's bothering you.  Oh silly, just because you'll be doing the things a faggot does, or enjoying them, doesn't make you one."

	Norman and his mother-in-law continued their conversation in earnest.  As they talked, Mrs. King felt she had reached the root cause of her well dominated wimpish son-in-law's fears about having intercourse with her husband and the men in his marriage.	

	"I-I guess, it's hard to refute the points y-you've made Mother King.  A-And you do have a good point about it taking less time to get Nora's studs off by letting them fuck me versus trying to get them off a couple of times with my lips - like most of them seem to require - versus laying back and letting them do all the work of getting their lust appeased."

	"Yes Norman, it will make it easier on you to have another way to satisfy their lusty needs.  And I suspect you'll find it handy when they can do a double penetration of you too.  Just think you can handle two men at once."

	Norman silently nodded as he thought of what his mom-in-law said.

	"Now Norman, I'm going to hold you to your promise that you're going to call Dr. Judy first thing tomorrow and set up an appointment with the doctor she recommended."

	"I-I'll do it."

	"Now Norman, about Nat, call him up and apologize for your behavior.  And also invite him over for dinner.  You can also suck his dick here for him.  He still needs to get off.  Besides, I've never seen you suck cock before. I'd like to see you in action."

	Norman tried to dissuade Mother King from her insistence of inviting Nat over.  Norman agree to apologize but not to have Nat come over and he certainly didn't want Mother king to see him on his knees before Nat.

	Norman despised Nat because he had a brash and cocky manner.  Nat knew he had it all over Norman and always seem to find a way to rub it in.

	Norman knew he was not as handsome or as self confident as Nat.  And Having to suck Nat's dick, including licking his balls, because Nora, his wife demanded he be their cocksucker, was bad enough.


	Yet even though thoroughly humiliated, Norman had to admit to himself, he admired Nat and the other studs for their manly endowments and cockmanship.  He also had come to the conclusion that it was just their way to treat him the way they did, despite they got pleasure and appeasing their lust with his mouth as their convenient, and always available sperm dump, when they needed to ejaculate a bothersome load and his wife Nora wasn't around to take it.

	Norman assumed that having an ass cunt for them would get him the same treatment and respect, but as with many things, he didn't seem to have any control of what others were subjecting him too.  He knew pretty much it was a done deal and he would indeed be a bitch for  Nora's dad as well as her studs.

	"Norman, Nat had thought about going to your mom about your behavior, but he let me know he knows she still spanks you, even if you are 33."

	"H-He said t-that?"

	"Norman dear, it's no secret.  Your mom has said on numerous occasion she's had to threatened to whip you because of your trying to be, what word was that she used, oh yes 'mannish' and not obey her.  So you see, Nat thought enough of you to prevent her from having to intervene.  Wasn't that nice of him?"

	Norman was silent at first, as he absorbed all that had been said.  Then he spoke.

	"SIGH!  Y-Yes I-I suspect h-he's right.  Mom l-likes Nat a lot as-as you do.  P-Plus h-he's right M-Mom w-would probably thrash me.  As s-she too has been after me to give up some ass to Nora's studs.  Ned brought it up to her sometime ago that as Nora's husband, I should let him fuck my "cute ass" as payment for him being my wife's stud."  Norman said softly after letting out a long sigh.

	"I think he may have a point there.  Anyway, then you'll do as I ask and invite him over and let me watch you go down on him?"

	Norman slowly nodded his head in acquiescence of his mom-in-law's demand.


LATER AFTER DINNER
___________________

	As Norman drove home from his in-laws, he mentally recollected the evening's events.

	Nat came over and Mother King got a chance to see her son-in-law on his his knees sucking Nat's big stiff dick.  She told Norman she was very impressed with his techniques and adore seeing him lap, lick and suckle on Nat's large hairy nut sac.

	She also applauded Norman's excellent attention to details as Norman suckle Nat's dick a good three minutes after he ejaculated to get all the slimy post come dribble.

	Nat couldn't stay for dinner, but after he left, Mother King was so aroused she got Norman to eat her pussy and bring her to a rousing climax.  Just as she was settling down, with her well subjugated son-in-law's head between her legs, her husband walked in.

	Mr. King was aroused by the sight and Norman had to remain on his knees and take care of his Dad-in-law's big rigid dick and likewise heavy hot slimy load.  Of course, Norman was no stranger to his dick and semen, as he had been a recipient of of it weekly for the past 10 plus years.

	 Mother King finish preparing dinner over the loud sucking noise of Norman co-mingled with the moans of her husband delighting in the warm wetness of his son-in-law's oral cavity.

	Neither party knew it until later, but she sat a small camcorder near by and captured all the going ons.  Her husband was delighted to be caught on video having his son-in-law sucking his dick, but Norman was not.

	When Norman finally sat down to dinner, he already had two nice size appetizers in his tummy.  Mother King teased him about all "that dick cream spoiling his dinner".

	Mother King's cooking was delicious as usual.  Mr. King was very delighted that Norman was going to seek treatment to facilitate taking cocks up his ass.  He volunteered to be the first to take his son-in-law's ass-pussy "cherry".  

	"You know dear, you probably should have the right to do so, since it was you who first introduced him to pleasing dicks.  And by the way, Norman, I don't care what you profess, it's obvious you enjoy pleasing men with your mouth.  I could tell it on your face even though you were trying not to show it.  We women can pick up these things." Spoke Mother King with an obvious smirk on her face.

	Norman recalls a flustered blush on his face as he realized she had broken through his facade.  Yes he had developed a thing for big horny dicks and become acclimated to hot tasty creamy cum.

	As Norman reached his house, he was just in time to greet his mom and his wife Nora and their 4 little ones as they were unloading the car after a evening of shopping.

	Norman was now back with his loving family.  None of the kids that called him "Daddy" looked anything like him, especially the deep tan skinned  daughter named Julie. She was the offspring of Julius, his wife's Black stud. 

 However, all the children were all legally his and he made no difference among them, and treated them all with love and kindness as a doting father should do.

	Later that night, he related to his wife what had had occurred earlier in the evening.  She was tickled pink and very pleased that her husband would be sharing more of the loads in their marriage.


COLLECTOR'S EPILOGUE:

	Well readers, that completes another brief glimpse into the affairs of some of the folks of in the  fair city of Phantomville.

	Be on the look out for future Phantomville Collector episodes.