Wade stood in the corner of the meeting room, bouncing slightly with a little too much adrenaline. Lance knew that this was better than a moody slave but just watching Wade sometimes wore him out. Wade had been his assistant for just over a week and they were getting into a good routine.

Currently they were in the middle of one of Lance's meeting sessions with the general people of the Kingdom, while Lance went about his usual business Wade would stand to one side and let Lance get on with it. The slave would only approach him if asked and would stay in the background as much as possible. It was amazing just how invisible the tall man could make himself.

At first the other ministers and aristocrats had been wary of the slave's presence, but once they had seen Lance and Wade interact they were sure that the boy was 100% loyal to his master and would not divulge any secrets that were uttered in the room. A few raised questions about why the King's companion had a slave but none of them would voice these questions when the King was around. It was now known that Lance was in fact a Lord in Mississippi and that he was entitled to keep slaves.

When Lance was not working Wade was good enough to make sure that he had everything that he could need. He was an attentive slave in the same way that Lance hoped he had been to Joshua but Wade went one step further. Everything that Lance could think of doing was often already done when he thought of it. Fresh fruit and a pitcher of water was laid out for meetings when Lance got in there and there was often a list of people that he was due to see.

Now thought Lance was ready to quit for the day and really all he wanted to do was relax. The last thing he wanted was to worry that his slave was still thinking of ways to please his master that would make up for their lack of physical relationship.

"Wade." Lance called his slave over from the corner.

The overseer that was in with Lance seemed a little annoyed that the other man had overlooked him but his protests died on his lips when he caught a glimpse of the gorgeous man that Lance was lucky enough to call a slave.

"Would you go up to my rooms and prepare it for a massage?" He continued.

Wade nodded and made his way out, bowing slightly to both men before he left.

"I'm surprised that the King did not snap him up for himself." The man commented as he watched Wade's retreating figure.

"He chose him for me." Lance said and he was proud of himself for not blowing up at the man's pomposity.

The overseer seemed speechless.

"Now. I think that I should get going. I don't think that you need more workers for your fields, you just need to manage the resources that you have better." Lance said, having reached the conclusion from listening to the man.

"My Lord, you don't understand…" The man protested knowing that he would not make his quotas unless he had more slaves, not unless he actually paid more attention to them and was more sparing with his whip.

"I understand perfectly sir, I know mismanagement when I see it. Now if you'll excuse me I have more pressing matters to attend to."

And with that Lance was gone leaving a speechless man in his wake. Lance did indeed have other matters to attend to, most urgently. A beautiful boy waiting for him in his bedroom and a chance to initiate the something else that Joshua had commented on before. He hoped that Wade would be open to that type of suggestion too.

***

"I'm sorry my lord…" Wade began as he heard his master enter.

He had worked quickly and gathered towels and oils for his master's massage but it had not been fast enough. His master was back and Wade knew that he was not ready.

"It's okay." Lance soothed as he stepped into the room and shed his tunic. "I cut short my meeting so that I could get up here a little sooner. You were not to know that."

"Thank you my lord." Wade said with a slight deferential nod.

"Now, about this massage…" Lance began…

"Of course sir, I am sorry…" Wade stuttered as he grabbed a bottle of oil. Lance smiled and shook his head which confused his slave.

"Take off your tunic and lay face down on the bed." Lance ordered.

Wade did so immediately, stopping only to fold his tunic and place it neatly on the chair at the side of the bed that held the preparations for his master's massage. Lance went over, selected a bottle of oil and sniffed it experimentally. When he found one that he was pleased with he poured a little into his hands and warmed it before straddling Wade and warming more of the oil that he had selected with his hands before rubbing it over the exposed skin.

Wade gasped slightly at the sensation and Lance was glad that he had chosen this method of seduction. It would be so much easier to loosen Wade up a little first and then perhaps suggest to the slave that they engage in some act of sexual gratification.

Lance felt his cock harden at that thought and wondered if Wade would be open to something like that. Lance certainly wanted the other boy.

Wade was not sure what was happening, he felt as if their roles were reversed and he was the lord not the slave. Surely he should be the one giving the massage.

"Shh.." Lance said when he felt the body under him tense a little. "just relax and enjoy this. I love feeling your soft skin, so beautiful." Lance murmurred.

Wade did as he was told and relaxed, it was easier than he had thought and soon he could feel all of the knots of the day falling away and let out a sigh of contentment. Even when the hands on his back and shoulders stilled he could not build up the energy to move. His master did not seem to mind. Instead of pushing him out of the bed he pulled him closer and snuggled in with him. It was early evening and far too early for bed but they would deal with that later. For now Lance was comfortable and he had forgotten his erection, he was just happy to lie with Wade and pretend that they were lovers. It was nice to have someone to cuddle with again.

***

Joseph was looking for Lance. There was muttering in the ranks of some dissension since Wade had come into the life of the King's companion and Joseph wanted to make sure that everything was alright. The last thing that they needed was any type of ruckus now that Lance was settled. The scene that he found in the other man's bedroom was almost enough to make him believe the rumours.

Still, he had heard that Joshua had chosen Wade especially for his companion and that Lance had liked the other man. Joseph just didn't know how much he had liked the other man until now.

"Forgive the intrusion My lord but his highness is looking for you." Joseph said as he cleared his voice. "Do you wish me to send word that you are…otherwise engaged?" He added.

"No, thank you." Lance replied as he sat up and pulled himself from the lazy dream that he had been having. "Did his highness mention what it was that vexed him?"

"He merely asked for your presence My lord." Joseph replied. "I believe that it may be to do with today's meetings."

"Very well." Lance said as he stood and moved to get his tunic. Wade stayed where he was and Lance smiled, walking to the other side of his bed on his way out and placing a gentle kiss on the younger man's forehead.

"My lord?" Wade asked as he woke.

"Hush." Lance replied. "Rest and think of me, I shall be back soon."

Wade smiled and followed orders snuggling back into the bed and falling almost instantly asleep.

Joseph could not help but smile. The King had indeed made a good choice and if this pair were not already lovers they soon would be. Of course this would counteract Joseph's work in getting Joshua and Lance together in the first place but maybe it was for the best.

Joshua was happier than he had been and the Kingdom was in good hands. Maybe their monarch was just going to be alone and there really was only one love for each person in each lifetime. Joseph sighed and wondered if he had found his. Still, Joseph had time for his own love life in his private time, now he had to get Lance and Joshua together and discuss the matters that were concerning him. Especially those of one of the newer overseers in Mississippi. Joseph hoped that the matter could be resolved easily.

***

Joshua waited patiently and smiled when his companion joined him looking a little flushed and bed rumpled. It was clear that the rumours of the man who had all but demanded an audience with the King had not been far off.

"My liege." Lance said with a courteous bow as he entered. He saw quickly that they were not alone and had made sure that he was as respectful as anyone would expect him to be.

"Ah, I see you were off playing with our new toy." Joshua replied with a playful smile. "Lucas here was just telling me that you cut short your meeting with him to amuse yourself."

"Forgive me, my liege." Lance began, then saw the twinkle in his master's eye and realised that the King understood his side completely. "I thought that the matter had been resolved. I told Lucas that he needed to manage his fields better and that we had no extra manpower to spare."

"I told the King that I was not happy with that decision." Lucas argued.

Joshua turned.

"You forget yourself Lucas." He ordered. "Lord James holds lands in this Kingdom now and you will treat him with the respect that he deserves."

"My liege." The overseer bowed. "Forgive me, my lord." He said the words as if they tasted sour in his mouth and Lance fought the smirk that played on his lips. He knew that the King had reprimanded the overseer just because he wanted to show the other man who held the power but Lance also felt as if the King may have been doing it for him.

"Apology accepted Lucas." Lance said with a smile. "And what did his highness say to your request?" He asked.

"I told Lucas that I do not deal with issues that arise on the rural estates, that if he has no luck with his superior or you then he is not to bother me with such trivialities. Your decision stands." Joshua said.

"Thank you my liege." Lance said with a slight nod. Joshua approached his companion and placed a gentle kiss on the other man's forehead.

"Lucas. You have seen that Lord James' power comes from me and that his voice is as strong as mine. Please do not question my chosen again." Joshua said.

Lucas, the overseer, stood and bowed to both the parties before leaving them alone. The door was barely shut behind him when Joshua laughed aloud.

"My liege?" Lance asked, wondering if his master was quite sane.

"I've missed you Lance." Joshua told him. "No one else understands me as you do." He confided as he explained his laughter. "To see his face when we were together…" He trailed off as the laughter began again.

"My liege, if I have neglected my duties as your companion..." Lance began, but Joshua shook his head.

"Are you enjoying Wade?" He asked, not if he was enjoying his time with Wade but if he was enjoying him.

Lance blushed.

"Well, that answers my question." Joshua answered, amused that his companion still had that edge about him after living in the palace for so long. He wondered if Lance would ever lose that edge of innocence that he had come to the palace with. Joshua sincerely hoped not.

"My liege..." A knock came on the door and Lord Christopher walked in, not waiting for permission to enter.

"Christopher, your manners never cease to amaze me." Joshua said dryly as he stepped toward Lance.

"Forgive me Joshua, but this is more important than your dalliances with Lord James..." Christopher said, and his tone spoke of the urgency of whatever the matter was.

Joshua nodded and then leaned down, placing a soft kiss on Lance's throat before moving his lips to Lance's ear.

"I have cleared the schedule for the next few days." Joshua said, his lips almost caressing the ear that he spoke into in a seductive whisper. "I want you to take the time to enjoy yourself with Wade before you go back to your duties. You have been working too hard." He told his companion, placing another gentle kiss on the man's lips as he pulled away.

"Thank you my liege." Lance said with a bow as he turned to leave.

Christopher nodded to Lance as he passed him and Lance did the same. It was recognition that both of them held a place not only in the court but in the King's heart, the pair had respect for each other and perhaps an understanding that no one else in the court did. All of this was passed in the one nod.

As soon as Lance was gone Christopher spoke again.

"I see that you got him a distraction." Christopher said.

"It was your suggestion, old man." Joshua replied jovially.

"Well, it may have been a bad one." Christopher said seriously. "There is talk in the Kingdom of an uprising and I do not know if there is to be trouble or not."

"Christopher, there is always talk of an uprising, why should this one be any different?" Joshua asked. He was tired and worn and the last thing he needed was to worry unduly about some supposed civil war.

"But your lands are wider now and more open to attack. People are supporting the leaders in the North who want your son to take the throne."

"He is only a child." Joshua argued.

"But they could put him on the throne with someone else as regent." Christopher responded. "And they have decided that you do not care about your people any longer. When was the last time that you toured the provinces, let alone put in an appearance in the new lands?" Christopher asked.

"You know that I could not leave when Bobby was sick." Joshua reasoned.

"She is long dead my friend, but the people of your lands still need you." He said softly. "If you do not lead them then they will find someone else that will."

"Very well." Joshua said. "As soon as Lance is finished with his vacation I shall leave. I will schedule my first visit for Mississippi..." Joshua said. "There are some lands there which may be being mismanaged and I would like to see for myself how Lance's plans are being implemented."

"You are making the right decision." Christopher replied. "The people need you and a few visits will be good for morale. They will also allow you to give some of the new people a face to put to the legends they hear of their Lord and Master."

"I'm glad you think it's a good idea because you'll be at my side." Joshua told him.

Christopher balked at the idea. He had been looking forward to some time off with Joseph and hopefully some time to relax before the next war that needed to be fought or message that needed to be delivered. Christopher was thankful for the trust and position that the King had bestowed upon him but sometimes he would have enjoyed just a little more of his old life than the hard work of the one he had now.

"My liege..." He began to protest.

"If a King rides out then his man at arms must be at his side." Joshua said. "This was your suggestion." He added with a smile.

"Remind me not to have any more bright ideas." Christopher complained.

Joshua laughed.

"That is not likely for a decade or so," the King replied, avoiding as he did so, a cushion that Christopher threw as a missile.

At least he would have his friend at his side.

-----

Wade was suspicious of his new position with the King's companion, he took the time that Lance was away to consider what had come to pass since the King had purchased him. He had tried to be an attentive slave, he took his role seriously and he wanted to take as much of the stress that the King had told him of off of the shoulder's of his new Master. He wanted to make it easier for the man to work and he hoped that he did so. But it puzzled him that his Master had failed to use him yet. Wade knew what he was there for, he saw no use in lying to himself over that, but Lord James did nothing more than kiss him a little and hold him. It was all very confusing and not as he had been taught it would be.

Wade thought of his former life, it had been a hard one. As Lance had said to the King, Lord Jackson was not a nice master to work for and his slaves were ill treated and often malnourished. But there was worse and that was a master that was not sparing with his whip. Thankfully a lot of his life Wade had been too young to feel anymore than a cane across his backside for misdemeanours but he had felt it often enough to know that his master was cruel. Now he had a kind master who loved him as much as a master could love a slave and he was still complaining. Maybe he was the ungrateful whore that someone had once told him he was.

Wade was so lost in thought that he didn't see his Master return from his important meeting with the King, the first he knew of it was a soft hand gently wiping away his tears.

"Hush." Lance said softly. "They can't hurt you now."

He placed a gentle kiss on each cheek, wiping away the tears and caressing Wade as he did so. Then he pulled back slightly and pulled off his tunic, tossing it to one side and climbing into the bed next to his slave.

"Now, tell me what it was that caused these tears..." Lance said softly. "Let me see if I can't sort it out."

"I'm sorry my Lord, I didn't mean to be an ungrateful whore..." Wade said, only realising after he felt the hands tighten around his waist at what he had said.

"You are *not* a whore." Lance said adamantly. "You're a beautiful, sexy man who just happens to be a slave." Lance said, letting out a slight chuckle as he did so. "I guess that makes you the same as me."

"A slave, Master?" Wade asked.

"I am a slave to the duties that the King has gifted me with but also I am his companion and I was a slave too. When his highness picked me I was nothing more than a slave sent to appease the King." Lance said.

"But now you are his companion?" Wade said in disbelief.

Wade knew that he should not really ask questions but his Master was lenient and he was sure that he would not mind a few more. Wade was sure that as long as he was careful his Master would not punish him.

"And you are my companion." Lance said, kissing Wade's shoulder gently as he spooned behind him. "And you are so much more than a slave to me."

Wade wanted to turn around but the arms around his middle held him tight, he wanted to see if his Master meant those words because Wade felt them inside. He had grown to love this man and he had always hoped that his Master felt the same way.

"Now sleep." Lance said softly, relinquishing his grip a little. "We can sleep in tommorrow but I have plans for us and I do not want to be too lazy."

"Yes, My Lord." Wade said.

"And Wade..." Lance added.

"My Lord?" Wade asked, expecting a request to leave the bed or for him to fetch something.

"Call me Lance."

***

Wade woke early the next morning. It was part of his usual duties to prepare his Master's bath and attend him in the mornings so he was used to early mornings. He was concious though of what his master had said to him about laying in but also that they had plans. He didn't quite know what to do.

Thankfully a few minutes after he had woken his Master too was awake.

"Mmm. Good Morning." His Master said with a feline stretch, arching into the body that he was spooned into and in doing so rubbing his morning hard on in the small of Wade's back.

"Good Morning Master." Wade said politely.

Lance let out a low chuckle that reverberated through his own chest and vibrated against Wade's back. He placed a sloppy kiss on Wade's cheek and then rolled the other man over towards him.

"I told you to call me Lance." Lance said as he leaned over Wade. He kissed the other man tenderly on the mouth and then moved to sit up but in an uncharacteristic show of both bravado and disobedience Wade pulled him back down for a kiss.

Lance enjoyed the feeling for a moment, laying fully across his bed partner and feeling the warmth of skin against skin. It was only for a moment thought because then Wade realised what he had done and froze, pulling away as best he could and attempting to scramble up the bed to avoid whatever punishment his Master deemed suitable for his disgrace.

"Wade?" Lance asked softly.

Lance watched as Wade's face displayed his fear and horror at what he had done. Lance however was more worried about Wade than angry at the actions. He didn't see it as willful but instead he found it endearing.

"Come back down here and lay with me." Lance said. Wade complied but remained rigid in his Master's arms. "Do you remember last night when I told you that you were more than a slave to me?" Lance asked softly.

Wade nodded. He wondered what this meant. Was his Master going to revoke the words and punish him as he should be punished?

"Well, then you should know that I don't expect you to act as a slave. I can't grant you the same freedoms that the King would be able to but I can give you some allowances and maybe some priveleges in the areas that I do control." Lance said.

"Master?" Wade asked, his voice shaky and sounding as if he was on the verge of tears. "Am I to be punished?" He needed to know. Even if the question did add extra punishment to what he was about to receive the suspense was killing him.

In response to the question Lance let go of the loose grip that he had on Wade and gently stroked his arm.

"I'm not going to punish you." Lance said. "I wanted what you did, I'm proud that you took the initiative to respond and would actively encourage you to express yourself like that while we are together." Lance said. "At least while we are alone in each other's company."

Wade nodded. He understood that they could not be open in public, it was taboo to even think that the King's companion had a slave but it could be tolerated. However no one would tolerate two slaves of the King acting as lovers. How could a slave properly satisfy their Master's needs if they were off cavorting with other slaves?

"May I kiss you my Lord?" Wade asked after a moment.

Lance's response was to lean over and kiss his slave as he had done earlier that morning. This time when Wade pulled Lance to him neither of them complained. After all this was what they were supposed to be doing and it felt right. What could be wrong with that?

***

"I still don't see why you have to go with him." Joseph whined as he watched Christopher packing his spare clothes into a small trunk that would go on the cart with more of the King's possessions for their planned journey. "Joshua is more than capable of travelling alone."

"Joseph, you know the laws as well as I do." Christopher said, then smiled. "Actually, you probably know them better than I do. As King he is expected to travel with an entourage and that includes his man at arms."

"Lance is staying here." Joseph countered.

Christopher sighed.

"Lance will be ruling in absentia." Christopher replied. "Joshua seems to think that this will allow the people to see just how good a companion Lance is as well as allowing him to tour the provinces of his Kingdom."

"But I can't come with you?" Joseph asked. This time Christopher had no patience for his lover.

"You know that you are forbidden to leave the castle. Hell, you're lucky that Joshua even lets you have the powers that you do." Christopher said blandly. "Besides, I think that Joshua wants someone he trusts to stay here and keep an eye on Lance - you know the courtiers better than he does and you have a unique understanding of the way that the gentry think."

"I still want to go with you." Joseph said and this time it was petulance not whining. Chris pulled his lover close and began to show him just how much he wished he was going too.

***

"As much as I would like to stay here all day with you and lounge in bed I promised you plans for today." Lance said as he pulled away from yet another bout of kissing.

Wade looked edible, his ruffled hair and kiss bruised lips making Lance want nothing more than to kiss him again. But they had plans and he was not going to forget them for anything. Especially not when the plans were for his slave's benefit as much as for his own.

"May I ask where we are going?" Wade asked. He wondered which of his tunics he should wear or whether his Master would expect something a little less formal. He had seen some of the slaves in ridiculous outfits of silk or leather, perhaps Lance wanted him to wear one of those. He was after all there to please his Master.

"I want to show you the King's library." Lance said and Wade's eyes widened with surprise and shock. Lance smiled at that look.

Lance knew that inside Wade was salivating and he remembered the time that he had seen his lover's most prized possession, a worn but well loved book. Wade had taken it out when he thought his master was not looking and had touched the pages lovingly, but Lance was almost certain that Wade himself could not read. It must be prized for a different, perhaps a sentimental reason.

"I thought perhaps that I could read to you." Lance said. Again Wade smiled. "I enjoy reading and I thought that you might like to hear it too."

"Do you read poetry?" Wade asked timidly.

"Why?" Lance asked innocently. "Do you like poetry."

"Oh, yes." Wade said enthuasiastically before realising that he had answered the question a little too quickly and emphatically.

"Do you have a favourite author or poet?" Lance asked innocently.

It was then that Wade paused. After a moment he slid from the bed and padded to his own corner of Lance's suite where his meagre possessions were kept. They had been forwarded after his purchase and Joshua had made sure that Wade was given them immediately. Wade drew out the book and then moved back to Lance, giving it to him shyly and then looking away. It was only as he held it that Lance realised that this was a notebook and not a manuscript as with most of those in Joshua's vast library. It was personal and sentimental because it was Wade's, inside was an inscription that made Lance want to cry.

"To my beautiful boy, so that you may one day know the beauty of the world through all of this ugliness. Love Always, Mother."

"Your Mother?" Lance asked. Wade nodded. "Come here..." Lance prompted as he pulled his lover to him and Wade did so.

After a moment Lance began to read the poetry aloud, his deep voice flowing over them like honey and causing Wade to close his eyes. Not only was he concentrating on the words but he was hiding the tears - tears for his Mother and for her world. The world that he had once been certain he would never see. Now however he could almost imagine finding that world with his new Master and while that scared him it also excited him to the same degree.

Because it was that frightening but exhilarating thing they call Love.

***