His lips were on mine in an instant. My knees were weak. If it weren't for his body pressed against mine then I would've been passed out on the floor by now.

Our first kiss was mind blowing. I never wanted it to end. When it did, however, I frowned and scowled. I wanted to grab him and connect our lips again. Believe me...I tried, but he wouldn't have any of that.

Apparently, he was in control at the moment. Honestly, though, I didn't really care who was in charge. Just as long as our bodies were touching I was fine.

"You're so tense," he said into my ear. "Let me help you relax," he purred, trailing his fingers from the base of my neck, all the way down in between my legs.

Our eyes never strayed from each others. Shockingly, I didn't stop him. I shivered at the feel of him touching me down there. All doubts in my mind about Eric and I disappeared.

I sighed a frustrated sigh when his hand left me.

He smirked at me before placing his hands on my hips and pushing the sides of my shorts down my legs. When my shorts hit my feet he lifted boh of my legs slightly, one at a time, taking my shorts off of me completely.

As soon as I stood there in front of him almost half naked, I felt his touch abandon me completely. Looking down to see what his hold up was, slight embarassment took me over.

His eyes were glued to the skin just above my bikini line where my tattoo was. My tattoo simply read "Myself and I." Of course, the tattoo was just for looks. Otherwise, Eric wouldn't have ever seen that.

"A tattoo?" he asked, curiously. "Here?" he brushed a finger across my tattoo.

I shivered at his touch. "I got it when I was 14 during my rebellious stage," I said defensively.

"Interesting. It looks good on you," he smirked tracing the path his finger did not even a second ago with his lips.

I felt a pool of heat in between my legs and the fabric of my thong dampened, knowing that Eric was close to the spot where I so desperately wanted him. Unlike a lot of girls I always prefered my lower half being pleasured rather than my top half. That's just how I was.

Instead of making his way back up to my upper region he continued kneeling.

I tried to get him to stand up, but he pushed my hands away. It frustrated me to no end.

Sensing my frustration he looked up at me. "As much as I would love to take you against this wall right now...I don't want you to have any regrets later. But, this way you get both a release and no regrets."

Oh, I get it now! Tonight is all about me! Oh, thank heaven! I don't mean to sound greedy, but it's been like forever since I've had a release from someone other than myself. Not that I'm saying I don't enjoy doing it myself, cause' I do.

Though, I must admit...I never figured Eric to be the type to give a girl a release without recieving one himself. Apparently, I was wrong. Boy, was I happy to be wrong.

I was stolen away from my thoughts when he teasingly touched me through the thin fabric of my thong. Goosebumps took over my skin. I bit my lip trying my best to suppress a moan, but failed miserably.

Not being able to handle the tease really well, I decided to help move things along. I grabbed the sides of my thong and got ready to push them off of me and down my legs.

Eric caught on to what I was doing rather quickly. He swatted my hands away.

"Eric!" I hissed, impatiently through clenched teeth.

He looked at me and smirked. "Patience lover," was all he said.

It took me everything I had in me not to use all of my strength and take over. But, seeing as if he wasn't asking for anything in return at the moment, I'd let him have his fun. I may not like being forced to wait, but I would.

Finally he grabbed a hold of my thong and started pulling it down my legs. Slowly, by slowly I mean as slow as a snail or even a tortoise, he slid it down my legs. What a fucking tease? I hated being teased, but I knew it would all pay off in the end.

After what seemed like years, my bottom half was fully naked. I thanked god that I had chosen to shave just the day before when I couldn't sleep. I had to keep myself busy somehow. My bottom half was in mint condition. For that I was beyond happy.

Suddnely, I felt myself lifted off the ground. I hadn't even been paying any attention to what was happening in the past few seconds. Coming back to reality, I saw that Eric had stood up and was taking me into the living room.

It was dark except for the light from the blue tv screen from when I watched a movie earlier. Gently, Eric laid me down on the couch. He took his place kneeling between my knees.

We made eye contact again and that alone made me shiver in anticipation. I was absolutely ready for him. Honestly, I'd been ready for him since I first laid eyes on him. I had enough control over myself, though, to say no. But, now my control had gone straight out the window.

Without notice or warning, I guess to add on to my excitement and anticipation, Eric teasingly ran one of his long fingers just barely touching me in between my warm, moist folds up and down repeatedly.

I gasped in pleasure. But, I still wanted more. It didn't help at all when Eric brought his finger up to his mouth and sucked my juices off of it. I could of honestly came right then and there, but didn't.

"Stop teasing," I managed between pants. Our eyes still glued to each others. We had barely even gotten that far yet and I was already panting like a female dog in heat.

"As you wish, lover," Eric smirked, sliding a finger into me.

I moaned in pleasure and my eyes instantly snapped shut.

"Open your eyes and look at me," he commanded and of course I obliged. He added another finger.

I went to close my eyes again, but he stopped me.

"Keep them open, lover."

I moaned again and thrust my hips down. My body relaxed around his fingers.

"So warm and wet," he purred, pumping his fingers in and out.

I nearly came at the sound of his voice.

He pulled his fingers out almost all the way before thrusting them back in. Eric repeated his actions over and over again, curling his fingers up every so often to hit my special spot.

I met his fingers thrust for thrust almost everytime. Sometimes I would get so caught up in the moment that I'd lose my train of thought. His fingers just felt so damn good inside of me. I was sure that I could never get enough from this point on.

Sensing that my oragasm was quickly approaching, Eric quickened the speed of his fingers and bent his head down to take my small bundle of nerves into his mouth.

I threw my head back and wrapped my legs around his head, pulling him as close to me as possible. His fingers continued to work me to oblivion. "Don't stop...please don't...just don't stop," I moaned.

I looked back down at him to find that his eyes had never left me. He bit down softly and that was all it took. I came fast and hard screaming his name, "ERIC!"

It wasn't enough for him, though. He kept going, thrusting his fingers in and out and sucking on my bundle of nerves. I snapped my eyes shut tight and bit down on my lower lip really hard.

It didn't take me long to cum once again. Once again I screamed his name, "ERIC!" My second oragasm was just as good as the first, if not better.

After licking up all of my juices from both of my oragasms, finally, he was satisfied. He crawled up my body and pressed his lips against mine. I could taste myself on him. I really do hate to brag, but damn I taste good!

"If I would have known i'd be this good...I'd given in a long time ago," I said when we pulled away, snuggling up against him, which I was surprised he let me do.

"If I'd had known that you tasted so damn sweet I'd have cornered you and offered to help sooner," he said.

If only I wasn't so tired, I would have actually allowed my mind to process and analyze what he had just said. Too bad I was absolutely spent. Well, at least it did relax me and it made me forget everything. For now at least. Before I knew it, I was fast asleep.

--------

Later when I woke up Eric was gone, I couldn't help, but geel a little bit abandoned. When I looked at the clock I saw that the time was 4:57. Sitting up, I realized that he had covered me up before he left. Regardless of what he says, he does indeed have a soft side.

Pushing the cover off, I realized that I ws still half naked. Whoops! I stood up quickly and ran into the foyer. Collecting my thong and pj shorts, I put them back on.

Just as I pulled my shorts on the doorbell rang. Doorbell? I didn't even think that the doorbell even worked. Everyone was always knocking. Note to self, though, next time I get the chance...cut the wire that triggers the doorbell.

The doorbell continuously rang, annoying me to the point of anger. Not trusting of who was outside, though, and to afraid to find out, I ran upstairs and threw myself in bed. I stayed there the rest of the night. It didn't take long to fall back asleep. I was exhausted.