Ellen's Sex Shop 1: Amber's Revenge

        If Mara wasnt fully well aware that her current situation was revenge, shed be planning bodily harm on Amber. Actually, she was still planning bodily harm, but only of the bending her over and spanking her variety. In truth, as aggravated as she was, she had to admire the girls planning. Everyone in the shop knew Ambers manipulations for what they were, but her arguments had been sufficiently sound that Mara was stuck anyway. Though, of course, the fact that Ellen seemed to find putting her in such situations amusing probably had something to do with it as well.
	She grumbled to herself, flexing aching muscles as best she could with her hands and legs currently bound. She surveyed the store, checking to see if there were any customers she hadnt seen or heard enter during her last little demo. None. She honestly didnt know if she was happy about that or not. As much as this really wasnt her thing, shed had some nice orgasms. She was definitely going to be acquiring one of these new hard light boxes, when the prices came down a bit. For her subs of course, not her. Even if shed been stuck on the sub side of the fence, shed gotten a very solid understanding of the Boxs diverse abilities in the last few hours. More, even with Tinker, their undisputed toy expert, taking a round at the controls early on, she had no doubt the surface of the Boxs potential had barely been scratched. Now, if only she was the only controlling it, rather than being controlled. It was irritating as hell, given that every other employee of Ellens except Mara was at least a switch, whereas Mara herself was pure dommie. 
	The unimaginatively named Light Box that she currently inhabited was nearly transparent, akin to a clear glass window, and only about four foot cubed. Within that interior, however, the outside user had near total command of what happened. Dozens of hard light projectors, positioned at strategic points around the box, could create and manipulate nearly any imaginable holographic construct inside the cube. Already, in the mere three hours that she had been hovering in the back of the store as a sales demonstration for customers, shed been force-fucked in all three holes by the hard light cocks of a dozen different alien species, plus hands, toys, a hairbrush, and a pair of tentacles. That last one had, unshockingly, been Tink, experimenting with just what the Box could do. In addition to the many and varied ways shed been screwed, shed been manipulated into dozens of positions with the hard light bindings that even now held her trapped, frustrated, on her hands and knees.
	The frustration wasnt entirely because she shouldnt be the sub in this situation. Working at Ellens Delights you got over that sort of thing quickly. She could put up with the occasional bondage demo or submissive simpering in order to make a sale. No, while that was part of her slow boil, the larger part was that she was horny as fuck and the last customer had left her hanging. Hed been one of their regulars, with a flagged pass that allowed him to take advantage of one of the other features of the Box. The private booth, set up right next to her bound and naked form, allowed those with the right pass inside, where they could strap into a blowjob or cunnilingus simulator. The simulators would take detailed scans of their genitals, then project them into the Box as a construct for Mara to service, with, obviously, her performance being duplicated by their simulators. Between getting a portion of all sales, and her own pride in her talents, shed resolutely driven everyone whod entered that booth to high quality climaxes. Unfortunately, not all of them had reciprocated, including her last customer. So she was horny, her juices slowly trickling down her legs, and still had the rest of a twelve-hour shift left.
	A musical chime, almost inaudible, but instinctively recognized by every employee, alerted her to another customer. She craned her neck as best she could to see who it was, and smiled in delight as she spotted one of her, indeed of all of their, favorite customers. Her lips naturally curled into a grin, and a tiny bit of her irritation vanished as ever-chipper Alice passed Matt Tor the brochure for the Light Box and pointed him in her direction. She licked her lips in anticipation as he separated from Alice and made his way in Maras direction. He was a fellow dom, so this might be interesting, but he wasnt the type to leave her hanging.
	He stopped in front of her and drank in her naked, sweaty form. He grinned and tapped one of the basic controls. Her bonds abruptly shifted, yanking her roughly from a traditional doggy style to an upright kneeling position, legs and arms spread, with her back slightly arched to thrust her chest forward. He playfully ogled her form, her red hair splayed wildly behind her, her large D-cups topped in dusky nipples, and the narrow landing strip guiding the way to her core. His eyes lingered on her ample breasts over-long, drinking them in with exaggerated enjoyment, and she rolled her eyes in response.
	He laughed, then smirked and tapped a command into the control panel. Fingers appeared in midair and sharply tweaked her nipples. She winced, but played along with a regretful pout. He shook his head and tapped another command. The fingers turned to hands and began a light massage of her tits, avoiding her nipples entirely now. She allowed herself a low, long moan and pressed her chest even further forward, hoping to encourage him to do more. She spotted a twitch in his pants through half closed eyes and inwardly crowed in victory. She let a small smirk develop for just a moment when he turned away to sign in for the private booth. She wiped it off her face before he could see the monitors inside.
	 Then she jerked in surprise as a feathery soft touch darted over her spread lower lips. She craned her neck, but couldnt see. She felt the darting touch again, then a third time, with a few second between each. He couldnt be controlling it yet? It took a few minutes to hook up the simulators, so surely not. It must be something he turned on with the hands. A fourth, slightly longer, brush was accompanied by a portion of the Light Box facing her shifting from transparent to mirrored. How the fuck had he? Her wondering thought was pulled up short when she got a look at what was hovering between her spread legs. Shhhhiitttttt.
	It was a luridly pink, semi-rigid feather, playfully bouncing in place, already lightly dampened with her stolen moisture. Depending on how long he took to It darted in again, but this time aimed for her inner thigh, and it didnt leave immediately. It whirled and darted over her trapped flesh and she squirmed desperately, trying not to giggle. Damn it! That bastard! It switched sides and she womanfully bit her lip, trying not to cry out, then her eyes widened in horror as another pair of them appeared, hovering over her breasts. Oh Fuc
	The feathers darted forward, zeroing in on her nipples, still untouched by the ethereal hands. They attacked her rock-hard buds with vicious, playful, abandon. She shrieked, then lost all composure entirely, falling unwillingly into a giggling fit as the hands exploded into a cloud of less-rigid feathers and swirled over the rest of her exposed breasts. Distracted as she tried to squirm away from the tormenting feathers, she was caught unaware as the feather beneath her flickered upward and drew a long line up her slit. A moan, a real one this time, was forced out between the giggles at the surprise stimulation. The motion began repeating, and another of the softer feathers appeared and pounced on her throbbing clit. The new sensation drew a harried gasp and mixed more moans into her giggle-fit. Her eyes started to water, and another feather attacked her rosebud, drawing both a flinch and a gasp. She could hardly breathe between giggles, gasps and moans, and no amount of squirming either lessened or added to the sensations.
	Finally, when she was beginning to feel light headed from lack of a proper breath, all sensation stopped. She gasped and panted for several moments, gratefully sucking in air. When her eyes popped open When had she closed them?  she spotted the grinning face of her boss, as well as Amber and Alice. She blushed deeply for the first time in months, mortified at her undignified display. Her mouth opened to spit something snarky, then squeaked instead as a large light-cock unexpectedly speared her from below. It started vibrating roughly, forcing an unwillingly moan, her higher brain still too busy dealing with the abrupt intrusion to suppress the sound. She wasnt given a chance to recover. The cock impaling her began a slow thrust, and the hands returned to her breasts, this time including her nipples in a far rougher massage. 
	Her eyes, once again closed, popped open as her restraints moved her again, leaning her well forward, but not returning her to a doggy style stance, forcing her hands behind her instead. Additional bonds appeared at her waist and shoulders, stabilizing the positon. The reason for the shift became readily apparent as a nine-inch cock, erect and throbbing, appeared in front of her, close enough to gently smack her cheek. She knew what he wanted, and knew better than to refuse, despite the audience she could still see in the corner of her vision. Who knows what hed come up with, if she didnt obey? She was certain he could do far worse than the feathers, and Ellen was unlikely to stop him, so long as he didnt harm her. Well, not unless she triggered the built in panic phrase, but it would take a lot to make her do that.
	Shaking the thought off, she shifted slightly and sucked his tip in, flicking the pointed tip of her tongue against the sensitive underside in a well-practiced motion. She grinned around the mouthful as he twitched, they always did. She flicked again, this time over the very tip, then began an agonizingly slow descent down his shaft. A brief eternity later, he was hilted in her throat, and she began to hum a nameless tune, long perfected for its effects rather than the sound it made. He spasmed and twitched, but there was no way shed let him cum, not yet, not so easily, not after those feathers. She ceased humming and reversed direction, a tiny bit faster coming up then going down, she needed air. She nipped, very carefully, with her teeth just below his cockhead. She held the gentle pressure, granting her finer control as she swirled her tongue with maddening lightness on his underside, keeping him occupied while she drew in the breath she needed through her nose.
	Just as she was about to continue, smug at getting the upper hand despite her position, she felt a gentle prod on her rosebud. Her eyes widened, but she only just had time to release his head before the prodding dildo sunk in, thankfully well-lubed by one of the Light Boxs lubricant dispensers. The fake-cock in her cunt suddenly hilted and formed a pair of rabbit ears to attack her clit, vibrating strong enough to send her worked-up body screaming over the edge. She howled the climax, surprise overcoming her habitual control, but the stimulation didnt stop. The anal toy had hilted fully, and now started a gentle thrust, the large unit in her pussy joining it in counter time after the second thrust. An ethereal hand grabbed the back of her head and pushed her back down on the cock in front of her. Aftershocks racked her body, and another climax was rapidly building behind the first. As the hand forced his cock down her throat, she just barely managed enough thought to start humming again. 
She felt a surge of gratefulness when the hand faded. She hadnt taken a proper breath. She hummed a moment longer, then withdrew to his tip. She hollowed her cheeks in a powerful vacuum and rapidly swirled her tongue around his tip. She almost lost her regained control a moment later, as the pussy pounding cock shifted form and angle to repeatedly stab at her G-spot. A quick, desperate breath and she deep throated him in a single motion, timing it with her onrushing orgasm. She came again, even harder than the first time, and her out of control moans and howls translated to his cock. She felt him spasm four times in rapid succession, the closest the Box could come to replicating his ejaculation.
	She was glad when the cock faded, uncertain if she had the strength to withdraw it herself. Then she realized that the thrusting hadnt stopped. Her eyes widened as the hands on her tits roughly pulled at her nipples and the feather previously attacking her clit returned. Her mind blanked as a third, violent, climax crashed through her body. Her eyes rolled back in her head and she screamed, purple edging in at the edges of her vision. All sensation ceased and all constructs faded for a bare few moments, leaving her hovering on the edge of a blackout, then a harsh slap to her ass brought her back to awareness.
	She cried out in reflexive indignation, only to be abruptly silenced as a ring-gag formed in her mouth. She almost choked in surprise. Hadnt they disabled gags? Her half-aware eyes caught sight of her boss at the public control panel and she wanted to scowl. Ellen met her eyes and quirked an eyebrow. Mara sighed and gave a little nod. She knew, if she hadnt, Ellen would have undone the gag, but Matt was one of their best, and most well liked, customers. They often went out of their way to give him little extras. Shed live. 
	Her bonds shifted again, leaning her further forward and linking her gag to her wrists, preventing her head from angling down. The waist binding lifted her, and her legs were drawn a bit closer together, leaving her nearly back to the doggy-style shed started in, only without her hands to lean on. A mirror formed in front of her again, larger this time, and her eyes widened as a familiar nine-inch cock appeared behind her. The simulators were only for blowjobs! How? Another pair formed, a second behind her that moved toward a lube dispenser, and a third directly in front. Oh. Clever bastard. Hed simply copied his scanned cock onto a similarly sized dildo model and let the software do the rest. He wouldnt be able to feel what happened to any of them but the one at her mouth, which was a bit less erect than the others, on closer examination. She, on the other hand, would certainly feel like she was being royally fucked by a triple dose of that monster.
	She shuddered a bit, in both arousal and a bit of anxiety, suddenly very glad that his nine-inch length was on the narrower side of what youd expect from that much size. Even so, he was still quite thick by any normal standard, and she didnt mess with anal much outside the store. Not on herself, at any rate. Which meant she wasnt modded any to help with size, unfortunately. She might have to rethink Ellens offers in that direction. She had the standard lubrication and resistance to permanent stretching that all Ellens Delights employees got for free, if they made it through their first month, but shed never signed up for any of the other optionals. Mostly because the unspoken agreement was that Ellen could then make use of those mods within reason, either for her own amusement, or to help the store with sales drives and demos. Most of the other girls had at least one or two of the extras, but Mira didnt feel she needed them, and didnt want to open herself up to the authority of another like that. Ellen understood, and had never pressed her, her presence as the only pure dom in the shop was far more useful anyway.
	Her contemplations were cut short as the well lubed copy-cock pressed gently but insistently into her lightly abused asshole. It took its time, adding plenty of new lube to that already present, but eventually it pressed forward firmly, sinking its substantial length and girth to the hilt inside her. She winced a little, there was definitely a bit of pain mixed with the pleasure. It wasnt the biggest thing shed ever taken anally, but it was pretty close, and she certainly didnt use anything that thick or long regularly. Shed certainly never had two such girthy penetrations at once. She shivered with trepidation as the second cock behind her parted her folds. Her pussy was far more ready, and accustomed to the size. The slow hilting of the second shaft inside her would have been entirely enjoyable if it hadnt increased the pressure on her rear hole. She could feel them pressing against each other through the strained internal structures of her body. Shed never felt so utterly stuffed in her life. Quite the thing to manage on any employee of this store.
	When the erection in front of her, once again rock-solid, moved forward, pressing into her mouth, she was happy for the distraction. It fit neatly through the ring-gag, and smoothly pressed its entire length down her throat. She was surprised to find she could, with a little difficulty, still breathe. Apparently, hed modified the cock-model to make it largely hollow, allowing air through its length. Which probably meant it was there to stay, or at least that it would be thrusting rapidly enough that shed have little chance to breathe normally. Lovely. Her lightly acerbic internal monologue was cut short as both of the implements impaling her from behind began to lightly vibrate. She groaned around the cock and gag, closing her eyes to focus. The sensation was almost too much.
	He must have sensed or suspected that fact as, for a solid minute, nothing else happened. As she started to get used to it, a tug on first one nipple, then the other, convinced her to crack an eye open. The mirror showed a pair of hands, gently tugging on her buds. Her eyes snapped open when another pair appeared, with open clothespins held in their fingers. She tried to jerk away, but obviously couldnt, and the first clothespin bit down. It was surprisingly gentle, but still had a bit of bite to it. She mentally shrugged, she actually enjoyed clamps normally, and these were a bit less violent than most. She didnt struggle as the other one was placed, easily suppressing the small wince. She closed her eyes again, reveling in the sensation of weight pulling at her sensitive tits. Pity she couldnt ask him to add more weight, they were a bit light for her tastes. Oh well.
	She jerked a bit as another hand snuck up between her slightly spread legs, trailing a finger along her inner thigh on first one side, then drawing a light, teasing, circle on the other, before moving to her clit and beginning a gentle rub. Okay, she was definitely ready for a bit more now. Trying to clue him in on that, she began her usual tuneless hum on his deep throated cock, only to get a hard swat on her rear for her effort. She stopped, but was satisfied hed at least gotten the message when the anal cock started a slow withdrawal. It stopped at near-total removal and reversed. When a quarter of its length was inside, its companion in her core started its own withdrawal, but at a subtly quicker pace. She allowed herself to moan freely at the motion, the anal was still a bit painful, but the vaginal felt delightful. She was rewarded immediately for the moan, with a firm vibration from the finger rubbing her clit. Ah, so thats what he was after, he wanted to play her like an instrument for his own pleasure. It was a bit aggravating for her personally, but an intriguing idea shed have to try with one of her subs later. Or, a wicked thought struck her, on an unsuspecting Amber if she could arrange it. Though only after the girl got a through spanking.
	As much as it displeased her, she relaxed her vocal control, allowing moans, groans, and gasps to work their magic on the cock buried in her throat. She threw in a few rhythmic swallows, half expecting to be swatted again, but apparently it was acceptable. She wouldnt do many, it wasnt worth the sore throat that would result if she did, but a few well-placed contractions should speed this along. The pair of shafts thrusting into her lower half were slowly ramping up now, still deliberately asynchronous, and the finger rubbing her clit had been replaced by a proper vibe. The vibe gave occasional strong pulses, which she let create a stronger moan, and the frequency of the thrusting was slowly building her towards another climax. A climax she could already feel would dwarf even the last, which had nearly blacked her out. Of course, this wouldnt come on the tail of another two, so shed likely be fine. She was definitely looking into those gene mods though, the anal was still a bit too much for her, though at least it no longer hurt.
	She wasnt sure how long it went on, but figured it must have been a good twenty minutes, based on the ache in her jaw, before the cock jammed down her throat finally began moving. It began a slow, smooth thrust, which rapidly built as he neared his second climax. The pace of her own tormentors picked up in turn and the slowly building orgasm was now onrushing much faster. She didnt resist any single action, but willed herself not to cum until he did. That much control she was sure she could still assert. The speed picked up again, and the clitoral vibe viciously attacked her, but she made it, a last burst of her normal humming forcing him over the edge before he could stop her. 
The projection pulsed in her throat, an impressive five pumps this time, and she let herself cum with the fifth, going almost silent with the system-shocking intensity of it. She saw the purple at the edge of her vision, but it wasnt much and she started to come down, only to realize that only the length in her mouth and the ring-gag had faded. Oh-uh, was the only thing she managed to gasp before the feathers from earlier reappeared on her tits, hands began roughly pulling at the clothespins trapping her nipples, and another set began alternating between forcefully mauling and spanking her ass.
	There was a strange utter clarity as the over-stimulation sent her crashing headlong for another intense cum, and she somehow created at least a bakers dozen plans for her revenge, on Matt, Amber, and Ellen all three, before the howling, full-body, consciousness shattering climax hit her and she froze, mind blank, then slumped into oblivion. 
	 She woke a few minutes later, curled up, unbound for the moment, on the floor of the Box. Her eyes, once they managed to focus again, flashed to the information board just visible outside the unit. It told her that the private booth was empty. That was a relief. As incredible as those orgasms had been, she wasnt sure she could have handled much more, and that last bit had been a clear show by her fellow dom that he was in charge. As she watched, the telltale that indicated how many units shed sold increased by one and she gave a weak grin, which strengthened further when a healthy tip was added. That actually hadnt been discussed when they set the system up, so Matt must have added it specifically. The board listed that unit as the fourth shed sold so far today, and she would receive nearly 500 credits per each unit. Add in the tip and she already had a decent down payment for a Light Box of her own. She caught movement at the edge of her vision and turned her head. 
	Amber was standing at the control panel, smirking at her. She tapped a command and Mara felt the Light Box come to life again. Oh shit. As hands grabbed her, forcing her back into a doggy-stance, she spotted one of Tinks tentacle programs forming. She swore to herself that she would lure Amber onto one of the spanking benches tomorrow, even if she had to bribe a customer to request it.

###

Authors Note: If you enjoyed my story, check out my new erotic novel Freedom in the Sky, available on Amazon or Smashwords. You can also get updates on my work, including information on new Free releases (Like the rest of this 6-part series) on my Facebook Page.

Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01BHDLANY?*Version*=1&*entries*=0
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/612869
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Jaylee-Coglin-210793212603170/

P.S. I have no clue if that hollow-cock thing would actually allow someone to breath. I normally try to make things as realistic as I can, but my research failed to turn up an answer in this case. I chose to go with It, and just call its sci-fi and they figured it out if it wouldnt normally be possible on that one. So, you know, dont try that one at home.
