The Debt
by *Lady Lucia* 

PART TWELVE

WHACK!

Liz’s eyes widened and she let out a little “Mmph!” in response to the unexpected pain. The sharp sting of a paddle striking her ass was entirely unexpected and very much unwelcome. She had heard Leah’s little complaint about her hand stinging. Frankly, it just rubbed salt in the wound. Oh, your hand hurts, Leah?

Sarah’s response, however, had been vague. ‘Hold on, Leah.’ That was it. From Liz’s awkward position on the floor, she had been unable to see anything of importance after the brief conversation. Just a bit of complaining from the reserved girl she thought would have her back, and Sarah’s judgmental scoff in response. And then a HARD whack with something that was very much not a hand.

Apparently, Leah really wanted this to be over. Because she didn’t hesitate for a second when handed Sarah’s cheap bedroom toy.

WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

‘Oh my God, oh my God, OH MY GOD!!!!’

Liz’s bare ass was already dark pink and a little bit tender from the 100 nonstop spankings she already received, making a paddle doubly worse for her. Each blow seemed to send a mini wave of shock and pain through her body, and Sarah’s orders about silence and stillness were quickly forgotten amidst this newfound torment. Liz let out muffled squeal after squeal, the panties in her mouth preventing her from crying out more loudly as the paddle struck her defenseless cheeks again and again. Her ass, which she had been trying so hard to stick up to avoid giving Sarah an excuse to make things worse, was now frantically shifting around, desperately trying to avoid the paddle.

For twenty full paddle spanks, Sarah allowed it. While tempted to yell at Liz for not following instructions, the visual was actually amusing and quite satisfying. Those muffled squeaks, Liz’s bare cheeks jiggling from each of Leah’s blows, and also how her round, red ass was now bouncing around in a fruitless effort to evade the relentless ordeal.

But it was time to push obedience again. While Liz’s little sounds were music to Sarah’s wicked ears, she was worried about the echo of the locker room. Privacy was guaranteed from other students, thanks to the time of day, but teachers were another story. If anyone was passing through the gym for whatever reason, there was a small chance they might hear Liz through the locker room doors if all else was quiet. As for keeping the bound girl’s ass up in the air, that was simply for pleasure.

“Quiet, Lizzie! Hold still. Ass up.” When Sarah spoke, Leah reflexively stopped her assault for a moment to listen as the sudden voice filled the area, and Sarah was happy to use the pause as an excuse to further exert her control over the two girls. “Leah, what the fuck?! Keep going. And HARDER.”

To Sarah’s enormous satisfaction, Elizabeth actually did it. After a moment’s hesitation, that bright red ass was jutting back up in the air, and Leah was raining down more paddlings. WHACK. WHACK. WHACK. Before, each hit was just firm and rhythmic. But thanks to the recent insistence on hardness, Leah took a more deliberate approach. A more intentional wind up, followed by a small pause to do the same for the next. And the next. And the next.

Three turned to ten, ten turned to thirty. Sarah made sure to pull out her phone at some point now that they were in a situation where her voice wouldn’t be caught on video. To Liz’s credit, the bound girl was more or less able to keep her ass in a position to accept the excessive punishment, but she wasn’t totally able to keep quiet. Sarah smirked at the faint whines and squeaks that were a result of the lovely combination of a makeshift gag and trying to stay quiet at the same time. They were up to 150, and the most recent thirty both looked and sounded quite brutal. But Sarah didn’t relent, nor did Leah.

WHACK. WHACK. WHACK. WHACK. WHACK. WHACK. WHACK. WHACK. WHACK. WHACK.
WHACK. WHACK. WHACK. WHACK. WHACK. WHACK. WHACK. WHACK. WHACK. WHACK.

Another twenty strikes of the paddle. Until finally, at 180, Sarah uttered a single word. “Wait.”

Liz’s ass was not only a DARK red at this point, but a few minor bruises were beginning to appear as well. While the sight was quite picturesque to the budding young dominant girl, she also needed a minute to think things through. While Sarah was certainly both malicious and cruel, she wasn’t totally heartless. Right now, she was sure that Liz wouldn’t be able to sit comfortably for at least a day or two, and the full recovery could take several more days after that. But Sarah didn’t want to cause lasting damage by pushing things too far, even on a major power trip like this.

“Come here, Leah.” Sarah beckoned with one hand, inwardly grinning when the shy blonde girl did as she was told with no hesitation. The sight was made better with Liz in the background, destroyed ass still elevated. When Leah made it close enough, Sarah reached out and gently took the paddle from her hand. No resistance.

Though Sarah was still deliberating in regards to Liz’s fate, there were other things she knew with absolute certainty.

It was time to cut ties with Elizabeth and her friend group; in fact, it was long overdue. Sarah’s interests had been drifting ever since they all started high school, and she had only persevered this long since it was nice to have a fallback. As much as she’d love to stick around and witness the dynamic of herself, Leah, and Liz in the same social circle following this little encounter, Sarah’s gut told her that protecting herself took priority. What if these two girls told all the others? Sarah would be quite outnumbered at a sleepover if revenge ended up being on the table. Blackmail didn’t guarantee Liz’s silence if the bound brunette decided to tell a select few and create some counter-blackmail.

But she wasn’t going to leave without trying to take a prize first.

No, Leah wasn’t exactly the most exciting girl in the world, but her self preservation instincts spoke volumes. Maybe the meek blonde just needed some guidance. Worst case scenario, she could end up being a quiet, submissive helper. Or, better yet, Leah could be broken out of her shell when surrounded by the right crowd.

“Listen closely, Leah,” Sarah said.

For the first time since any of them stepped into the locker room, Sarah donned a warm, friendly smile. Unexpected. Disarming. Perhaps a subtle reward, letting Leah know that she did a good job. With all the friendly confidence she could muster, Sarah went for it.

“I have an exciting offer for you.”


PART THIRTEEN

‘Pain’ would be an understatement.

Before Sarah called Leah off, the most recent set of spankings had been quite brutal. From Liz’s perspective, it seemed like her alleged ‘friend’ was continuously ramping things up, but the reality was that Liz’s ass was simply a more vulnerable target the more she was spanked. By the end, each blow shook her to the core. She faintly huffed and puffed as Leah rained paddlings down on her defenseless backside, using the short breaths to grasp any resolve she could possibly muster in the current situation.

No making noise, no lowering her ass. Doing either of those things would result in more spankings, considering Sarah had already added some to the total for those very reasons. No crying. That was her own personal rule, the one shred of dignity Liz intended on keeping. However, that little rule didn’t stop her eyes from watering, and didn’t stop a few little whimpers escaping her lips from a particularly harsh CRACK every now and then. Liz had long lost count of how many times she had been spanked, and could only hope that either Sarah or Leah were keeping track.

Finally, Sarah’s voice cut through the seemingly endless torment, but the word ‘wait’ wasn’t exactly one that put Liz at ease. If anything, it implied to the helpless girl that Sarah was going to find a way to somehow make things worse than the paddle was. And, when the constant barrage ceased, Liz experienced a whole new sensation. Similar to when eating something insanely spicy can be tolerable until you stop eating, the lack of spankings just brought attention to how her bare ass had been affected. Though Liz couldn’t see the damage, she could very much feel her cheeks both stinging and throbbing, almost searing in a few spots where Leah had most frequently connected with the paddle.

As she lay there, naked and awkwardly posed with her ass offered up for the world to see and to punish, Liz was further surprised by yet another turn in her never-ending nightmare of a day. Rather than a conversation about how the last of the spankings should go, Sarah instead began talking with Leah about something else entirely: a new circle of friends. Liz recognized a few of the dropped names as girls on the cheerleading squad and dance team, though some were simply rebellious upperclassmen girls that didn’t belong to any club or team. It wasn’t too surprising that Sarah would surround herself with such people, especially since she had been talking about joining the dance team lately, but Leah was NOT the type of girl who would fit in with that kind of crowd.

And yet, Sarah seemed to think otherwise. She mentioned Leah’s potential, and how something as simple as a wardrobe change and a small makeover would make the boys flock to her. About how the right friends would break her out of her shell. How girls like Liz were holding her back. It was only near the tail end of things that Elizabeth realized how tempting Sarah’s offer might sound. Offering the fantasy of popularity to an unpopular girl. “What do you say, Leah?” Sarah asked, none of the snark or previous intensity in her voice at the moment, “Us blondes have to stick together, don’t we?”

A pregnant pause followed the end of Sarah’s spiel, one that even caught Liz in the suspense of the moment despite her situation. And then Leah answered, with a quiet “. . . okay.”

“Oh, Leah! Amazing. Trust me, you won’t regret it! And don’t worry, your debt is more than forgiven.” Sarah gushed at the girl, and possibly caught her in a surprise hug based on Leah’s little squeak of surprise, but the scene behind Liz was still a total mystery thanks to her demeaning pose. “Why don’t you run along, and I’ll catch up with you after school. Oh, and Leah? If you change your mind and report me, I’ll be forced to show them that it was YOU spanking Lizzie.”

Another pregnant pause as Leah processed the threat, and then -- “Why would I report you? Lizzie totally deserved it.”

Her reply stunned Liz more than the knowledge that there was apparently evidence of her being naked and spanked. The confidence in Leah’s voice was painfully fake; a shy girl trying to fit in with a girl like Sarah. But it didn’t soften the blow of Leah’s response. ‘I DEFENDED you.’ If Liz wasn’t gagged, she would be screaming those three words. This whole mess of a day started because Elizabeth stepped between Sarah and Leah, and now she was paying an insanely, absurdly, and completely unfair price for it.

‘Shit.’ As Sarah faintly chuckled, and the sound of fading footsteps told of Leah’s departure, something else dawned on Liz. She just lost a witness!! Sure, Leah had caved pretty quickly in regards to saving her own skin, but there was always the chance that the two of them could report back to their friends after the betrayal. Now Elizabeth was alone. And how on earth was she going to even begin telling this story without sounding totally crazy? First she willingly let Jade cut her clothes off without saying a word. Then she ran through the school in just her ripped jeans and her underwear. Then she took off her pants and followed Sarah into the boys’ locker room instead of just going to her own locker. Looking back, Liz had SO many chances to prevent things from getting worse and worse, but each step of her exposure had kept her too anxious to think clearly.

Liz was broken out of her thoughts when she felt a hand on her ass. It could only be Sarah, and the gentle touch made the bound girl blush as she was further violated. Delicate fingertips traced over her sore left cheek, and Liz twitched when she felt Sarah roam down towards her most private area. Just when the unwelcome hand was less than an inch away from stealing a notable first from Liz, Sarah pulled away and — WHACK.

The first bare hand spank since the paddlings started, and Liz was not prepared for it. After the soft touches and how she was practically holding her breath in nervousness when Sarah’s fingertips had quietly threatened their destination, Liz couldn’t stop herself from letting out a muffled yelp of surprise and pain through the underwear gag when Sarah abruptly pivoted from gentle to harsh. On a super tender spot, at that.

The closed-lip laugh that Sarah emitted from behind her easily told Liz that it had been Sarah’s intention to elicit such a reaction.

“Don’t worry, Lizzie. You’re not my type.” Sarah slowly walked around to Liz’s front side, her flats echoing through the locker room even more distinctly than they had earlier as she took one deliberate step after the other. With her ass up and her chin down, Liz could only see knees and feet, though she could also tell that Sarah was beginning to squat down.

A few seconds later, Sarah reached out and firmly held Liz’s chin and began guiding her head upwards. Liz had no choice but to finally lower her ass so her head could lift from its lowered position, following Sarah’s not so gently guiding hand. With Liz’s hands still bound and trapped underneath her own thighs, she still couldn’t get very far, and ended up needing to glance upwards as far as she could in order to look up at the dominant blonde.

Sarah stared deeply into Liz’s eyes, her lips pursed in a small smirk. “Okay, girl. You and I need to have a little chat.”


PART FOURTEEN

A little chat.

As if Sarah was capable of anything ‘little,’ with her loud personality, her dominant streak, and everything she had just put Liz through. Elizabeth kept craning her neck in order to meet Sarah’s eyes, and didn’t make a sound. Not like she’d be able to say much anyway, with the now saliva-soaked panties bunched up in her mouth.

“A good girl knows how to be quiet,” Sarah said. She kept her one hand underneath Liz’s chin, and used the other one to place her index finger over Liz's lips. With a faint smile, she asked, “Are you a good girl, Lizzie?”

Not having many options of communication, Elizabeth went for the degrading option she assumed Sarah was fishing for. Swallowing her pride, and continuing to blush, she nodded her head a few times as her way of saying ‘yes.’ That she was a good girl.

“Good,” Sarah said, with a smile. She tapped Liz’s lips twice with her finger, then continued. “I’m going to take out your little gag, but I don’t want you to speak. Just keep being quiet, like a good girl.” Two more taps for emphasis, and then she pushed her index finger into Liz’s mouth with no warning. The little ‘mm!’ of surprise was quickly shushed with an echoed order to be a good girl. Without much bravado, Sarah fished around with the single finger for a moment until she got a decent grip on part of the underwear, then pulled the damp undergarment out of Liz’s mouth. Not seeming to care about the saliva now on her finger, Sarah dangled the panties in front of Liz for a moment before flicking them away to the nearest corner of the room. “Keep being a good girl, Lizzie, and stand yourself up. I’m going to take some pictures, but you won’t freak out about that. Will you . . .?”

Sarah narrowed her eyes and firmly pressed her index finger back onto Liz’s lips. At this point, Elizabeth could squirm away to speak or mumble something through Sarah’s finger, but she opted to play along instead. Until the zip-tie was off, obedience was really the only option. Pictures. Liz hated the idea of being subjected to that, but she also knew that Sarah could take them no matter what degree of consent was given. So she reluctantly shook her head to answer that she wouldn’t freak out, hating that the simple act was somewhat granting ‘permission.’

“Good girl.” Sarah removed both hands, gave a little pat to the top of Liz’s head, and then stood up from the crouched position. “Go on, Lizzie. You do want to get out of here before the boys arrive, right?”

She did. Though in truth, Liz had almost forgotten about that being a goal until Sarah reminded her. Recently it was not-being-spanked, getting un-bound, getting dressed, and finding a way to stop Sarah from dangling this over her head for the rest of her life. But yes, now that Elizabeth was thinking about it again, every boy in her grade not seeing her naked was a pretty high priority too. Shifting her weight back, finally able to lift her head after countless spankings of ‘head down, ass up,’ Liz rocked back so she could support herself with just her knees for a moment. Then she placed one foot firmly on the ground and then the other, very much aware of her dangling breasts now that she was bent so far over herself. With some awkward movements, Elizabeth was able to step back over the zip-tie until her hands were back in front of her, making it possible to stand all the way back up.

Unfortunately, the slight relief of no longer having her face on the ground paled in comparison to everything else. She was still naked in the boys’ locker room. Still tied up. And Sarah was standing there with a wicked smile on her face, her phone aimed right at Elizabeth. At this point, the still bound girl didn’t resist. She just stared at Sarah with a blank expression, not even making a move to cover herself. Covering would just lead to more chastising, and this awful experience would drag on. Maybe if the cruel blonde got bored enough, maybe this would be over more quickly. Though the expression on her face didn’t exactly exude boredom.

“Now, we have a little problem, Lizzie,” Sarah said. She tucked her phone away, then placed that hand on her hip as she looked the bare girl up and down, “If I untie you, then you might do something stupid.”

Like tackle Sarah, grab her phone, strip her in return, spank her until she was black and blue. The blonde wasn’t wrong. All those possibilities flashed through Liz’s mind. Exhausted and defeated as she felt, the thought of Sarah having nudes of her was enough to motivate Liz into action. Something told her there were also pictures or videos of her being spanked, on top of all the angles Sarah captured of her naked body while Liz was struggling to get up. Maybe she wouldn’t make the effort to strip Sarah in response, but Liz at least wanted that phone.

And Sarah obviously was accounting for that.

Liz began to lie. "I won't-"

“Hush. Good girls are quiet,” Sarah snapped, “Now follow me.”

Sarah grabbed her purse from nearby, swiveled on her heel, and strutted away. For a second, Liz was terrified that she was just going to walk out of the locker room, but Sarah turned left instead of right. Not really having a choice, Liz did as she was told, following her through the locker room. Sarah moved quickly, glancing back once or twice. It was less about seeing if Liz was there, and more about making sure that she didn’t try something stupid.

The swishing blonde hair was Liz’s only focus, as her tormentor was also her only possible savior. Without Sarah, Liz would have to wait here and pray that a locker room of guys would do the right thing, or she would have to go back to roaming the halls in the limited time before the bell rang. This time, zip-tied and fully naked.

Sarah took her away from the lockers and then to the bathroom area. It was nearly identical to the girls’ locker room, save for the urinals, and Liz wasn’t entirely sure why she was led there. But she was about to find out.

“A few things, girl,” Sarah said. She held up one finger, “One, you’re now responsible for the $200 Leah owed me.” Without waiting for a reaction, she held up a second finger. “Two, you’re still short fifty spankings. You’ll have to schedule those with me and Leah soon.” A third finger. “And this stays between us. I don’t just have pictures, Lizzie. I have Leah. Trust me, if you tell anyone, we’ll spin this so it seems like you’re some kinky bitch who wanted all of it.”

Liz stared at Sarah, dumbfounded.

Once again not waiting around, Sarah pulled a small pair of scissors out of her purse. “These are for you, girl. Good luck!” With a grin, the blonde nonchalantly tossed them into the closest toilet.

Then she strode right past Liz, gave her dark red ass a parting WHACK with her bare hand, and left the locker room.


PART FIFTEEN

Liz knew what she had to do.

Ignoring the fresh sting from Sarah’s hard parting spank, Liz walked over to the toilet and peered inside. Clear water, thank God, but still disgusting nonetheless. Flushing doesn’t automatically clean a toilet, and it was the middle of a school day. There’s no way a janitor had been in here recently. But what choice did she have? Bending over, Liz plunged both of her zip tied hands into the toilet water. At least no one was behind her to see more exposure of her bare backside while she did so.

Liz carefully grabbed the scissors, not wanting to accidentally push them out of reach. As soon as she had a good grip, she immediately pulled her hands out of the water. The next part was difficult. With wet, bound hands, she had to maneuver the scissors in a way where she could get enough leverage to cut the zip tie. Liz stepped far away from the stall first, not wanting to accidentally drop her only means of freedom back into the toilet, and fumbled with the small pair of scissors for what felt like forever. Every minute felt like an eternity to her while fully naked in the boys’ locker room.

Finally, the pathetic scissors cut through a portion of the thick plastic after several attempts that gradually lowered the resistance at once spot. Liz pulled her hands free and raced to the sink, cheeks turning crimson when she saw her naked self in the mirror. Though she had already ran through the school in just her underwear, and then was stripped the rest of the way by Sarah some time ago, seeing her own reflection made everything feel a lot more real. This was what Liz and only Liz normally only saw of herself after a shower at home. Until today.

Now a classroom full of delinquents had seen her topless, with only her arms protecting her bare breasts from exposure. They saw her somewhat girly underwear too, through the enormous ripped hole in her jeans. Then there was that couple who saw her, and then Sarah and Leah who saw pretty much everything. Speaking of which . . .

Liz couldn’t help herself. She had to know. Once she was done washing her hands, she turned 180 degrees and looked over her shoulder at the mirror. And gasped.

Her ass was DARK red. Even darker than when Leah had been spanking her, now that the last of her ‘debt’ had a few minutes to settle on Liz’s rear. Not only were her lower cheeks practically maroon, her ass was littered with faint bruises from the intense paddling Sarah had pushed for. The stinging had been an afterthought while Liz had been so focused on her freedom, but the sight in the mirror made the dull throbbing a lot more noticeable now that it was the only thing she was thinking about.

God, would that even heal overnight?? Probably not. Liz had never been spanked before, not to mention how leg bruises tended to stick around for an annoying amount of days as they faded. And Sarah had pictures of her poor ass looking like this! Actually, Sarah had pictures of everything. Elizabeth had been naked for quite some time, after all, and unable to do much in the way of preventing photos. Heck, she gave ‘permission’ when giving into Sarah’s impossible game with that little shake of her head earlier.

Right. Naked in school.

Refocusing on what was important, Liz tore herself from the mirror and hurried to the locker room door. One problem at a time. Clothes first, everything else later. Peeking out into the gym, Liz breathed a sigh of relief when she saw that it was empty. Steeling herself, she sprinted across the basketball court, yanked open the door to the girls’ locker room, and ducked inside. It was more or less identical to the one she had just spent so much humiliating time in, save for the urinals. And yet, it felt SO safe in comparison.

Of course, it was still a school locker room, and most girls didn’t just walk around naked. And they definitely didn’t have dark red asses.

There was still the enormous problem of not having the key to her lock. It was the only reason Liz let Sarah talk her into the boys’ locker room in the first place. To pile on, Leah was the one who was going to lend her some clothes today. And, since Liz’s phone was back in the detention bucket, she couldn’t text one of her other friends either.

The only real option was the Lost and Found. The plastic bin was more like a shallow trashcan than anything else. For the most part, it was accidentally abandoned clothes that were left on the floor or benches in the locker room. Since the average girl would change back into regular clothes after PE, the only things lost tended to be gym uniform pieces that girls would forget to take home or toss back into their locker after changing. But, since the school issued those, it was preferable to get a replacement than to risk grabbing some other girl’s dirty shirt from the Lost and Found.

But at the moment, Liz didn’t have any better alternatives.

She looked through the small bin at the end of the locker room, grateful that no one had tossed the unwanted items recently. There was a neon green sports bra and a few socks, but Liz decided she’d rather stay barefoot and commando before putting on those particular used garments. She ended up settling on a pair of gym shorts that were a little too tight for her and a loose t-shirt. A quick look in the mirror made Liz blush again at how obviously the shirt showed her braless shape, as well as how her nipples were faintly visible through the material. The shorts were decent, but she still worried about them riding up and showing a hint of a camel toe if she wasn’t careful while going commando.

The loud school bell nearly caused Liz to jump out of her skin. It always sounded louder in the locker room thanks to the echo, but even more so when she was on edge. Wow. Barely made it. The first stroke of good luck all day, although the fleeting relief was soured by everything else she had to deal with. Going commando. No shoes. A very sore ass. Her phone, all the way back in detention where she would no doubt have to have an awkward conversation with Mrs. Garcia. Sarah, and all those parting threats and conditions. And Leah.

Taking a deep breath, Elizabeth left the locker room.

It was going to be a LONG day.


EPILOGUE

It wasn’t unheard of for students to wear their gym clothes to class. If PE was second period, wearing the uniform to first period saved some time and effort between classes. And if PE was at the end of the day, sometimes it was just easier to avoid the hassle of the crowded locker room after class. Elizabeth had neither excuse. Free period was in the middle of the day, which meant she’d be wearing other girls’ used gym clothes for the rest of the afternoon.

The gymnasium side of the school was still rather barren during free period, so she had another minute or so to herself as she walked the halls. Liz wished she could hide in the locker room for the rest of the day, but that was impossible. Class was starting soon. Not only would the locker room be filling with girls with whom she didn’t share a class, but Liz did NOT plan on skipping class and getting in more trouble with the school and potentially her family. Two detentions were already more than enough.

The rest of the day was fairly uneventful on the surface, though Liz was constantly on edge thanks to everything she had been through with both Jade and Sarah, as well as her current state. Going commando meant hugging her books to her chest in the halls, and leaning forward in a way that kept her shirt away from her nipples at all times during class, while also making sure no one could see down the top. On top of that, sitting down HURT. No matter how she fidgeted and adjusted in her seat in an attempt to find a comfortable position, Liz couldn’t escape the lingering pain from all those spankings.

And then there were the people. Her teachers questioned her lack of shoes, but Liz was a good enough student that she was able to get off with a warning when she lied about how they ‘went missing’ after her morning gym class. More like they went missing the moment Sarah left the locker room. Liz had to remove them in order to get her jeans off when she was pressured to, and never had a chance to put them before getting tied up. Regardless of her lie vs. the truth, she was still the victim, which gave her enough sympathy to not get in trouble.

Her friends questioned the outfit, but Liz managed to make up some half assed story about how she spilled something on herself and grabbed her gym clothes as a back-up outfit. As badly as she wanted to tell the truth about how excessive Sarah had been in response to those fake tickets, Liz couldn’t do it. The nude pictures were enough of a threat, but the thought of people actually believing she was some girl who liked to be tied up and spanked was absolutely mortifying.

Liz didn’t end up running into Sarah or Leah for the rest of the day. Both blondes shared a few afternoon classes with Liz and her friends, but perhaps the dominant one was teaching her new ‘recruit’ about the merits of ditching school. Liz would just have to deal with that drama and new dynamic tomorrow. She didn’t even know how she’d be able to face either of those girls after everything, even in public. When she saw their faces, would she blush and shrink down to nothing, or be pissed off? She had no idea.

Finally, there was Mrs. Garcia. At the end of the school day, Elizabeth had to return to the detention classroom to retrieve her phone. And, to her shock, Mrs. Garcia blamed the whole thing on HER. Despite a chunk of Liz’s jeans still being glued to one of the seats, the stern teacher seemed to be under the impression that this was all just some ploy for attention. As if she was some girl who decided to make herself topless on purpose?? Liz was so dumbfounded at the implication, her attempt at stumbling through an explanation came out as a disorganized mess that Mrs. Garcia didn’t even let her get halfway through.

If it was Jade, then why did Liz just quietly sit there and let it happen?

Looking back, it was hard to argue with the logic. Yeah, Liz tried to speak up, but only once. The entire time Jade was cutting her clothes afterwards, Liz was flustered and frozen, unable to do anything but squirm and squeak until it was WAY too late. In retrospect, she should have jumped out of that seat the moment Jade made the first cut and picked a different desk, despite the consequences. But she didn’t. She let the dark haired girl snip away at her top and her bra without saying a word, and apparently Liz’s desire to avoid more detentions had totally backfired.

Mrs. Garcia added a WEEK of detention for her ‘indecent behavior.’ Plus the two other days Liz owed—one for her outburst earlier, and one because she skipped most of detention today.

Seven total.

For a girl with a previously perfect record, Liz was a combination of devastated and frustrated. It was the cherry on top of the day’s crap sundae. Getting stripped by Jade, running topless through a classroom full of delinquents, navigating the halls while barely clothed, getting spanked and humiliated by Sarah, wearing borrowed and used clothes, and now getting treated like she was just as bad as those who she normally judged.

Liz didn’t even try to argue, out of fear that doing so might add an eighth day. Instead, she just reluctantly apologized, took her phone, and left. Her parents were definitely going to hear about the detentions from the school, so now she needed to find a way to get ahead of it. She imagined ‘topless daughter’ would go over as poorly as it did with Mrs. Garcia, despite her parents normally having her back. Another explanation, then. Hopefully the school would only call about the quantity, not the details.

Regardless, Liz just wanted the day to be over. Phone in hand, keys in her locker nearby, she was more than ready to drive home and hole up in her bedroom for the rest of the day.

Unfortunately, this still wasn’t Elizabeth’s day.

Because, when she glanced at the phone she had just retrieved, there was a text from Sarah waiting for her.


END OF ARC ONE