Dare Me
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - Chapter 14 - Mikey Gets a Dare (Part 19)

After she had delivered enough water for her sister's bath, Honesty really didn't have much to do. She had been standing sentry next to the tub and was supposed to be watching Annie and keeping the floor dry. If she were doing her job, she probably would have noticed that the practical knowledge of human breeding which she had unwittingly passed on to her little sister had lit a spark of sexual curiosity in the girl. That spark was currently burning out of control as little Annie discovered the pleasures of self-gratification.

But Honesty wasn't really paying attention. Instead, she was daydreaming; letting her own inappropriate thoughts about breeding get carried away and sending exciting little jolts through her body. She stared serenely, but with unfocused eyes at my writhing, naked body as I struggled with every muscle I had to keep my own hyper-aroused cock from betraying me. She seemed particularly interested in the clear beads of moisture that my cock kept coughing up. There was so much now that it had rolled off my penis and hung suspended like so much drool a few inches below my angry flesh mushroom.

However, she snapped right out of her reverie when she heard the word "wedding".

"Pilli-Cate, what did your letters say again about the wedding ritual?" asked Mel.

Cate was struggling to come to terms with the fact that her top had been ripped open. She was still blushing with her hands covering her naked tits. But after a moment, she was able to access the contents of the wedding letter and dutifully recite it from memory.

"A tribal wedding is a momentous, if rather unusual event. A pagan ritual through and through, it may better fit to call it a coupling or mating ceremony than a wedding; although, there are notable similarities."

"In such a patriarchal society, it is the bride's responsibility to do everything possible to convince her groom to marry her. She often gives him gifts leading up to the ceremony, tokens of her affection. Rather than wearing a traditional wedding dress, she wears a wrap made of banana leaves, to signify that she is offering her own fruitful body to him."

"Carrying a bowl of fruit on her head, she performs a special belly dance for her groom. This represents abundance - the promise of the many children she will be able to bear him."

"Once she has been shaved of all her body hair and the binding talisman, which has been coated in her essence, is placed in the groom's-"

"Stop!" exclaimed Honesty, unable to mask the rising panic in her voice, "Hold on, I can't do the wedding!"

"Why not" challenged Mel, "did you forget your wrap?"

"Well...no," Honesty stuttered, "but it's only half finished half. I-I never meant for-"

"Come on, Nessy, this is your time to shine," her cousin goaded her, "don't tell me you don't want to get married. It's a dream come true! If you're nervous about the dance, we can go practice in the other room first."

"She's already been practicing," offered Persi, heaping added pressure on her sister, "she put a pillow on her head and did a belly dance just like the letter said!"

Mel looked scandalized at the revelation. "Is that true, Nessy? Have you been secretly working on your special belly dance?"

Honesty blushed but was unable to deny it. Instead, she attempted a feeble defense. "It was only for fun. I was just playing around…in private. I couldn’t possibly-"

"Then it's settled!" Mel declared, "Lucy, would you mind letting Nessy use your bedroom to get ready?"

"Sure, no problem, I can even help" Lucy replied, giddily adding, "this is so exciting!"

"Yes! We're going to have a wedding," Mel spun a joyous pirouette while she sang out the words. I gulped when she ended her spin and I realized she had set her sights directly on me.

"We are going to need a groom, of course. And there's only one good candidate. He's a little young for you, Nessy, but he looks like he can get the job done. Xube, I'm afraid you're going to have to share your beau for the occasion. I hope you don't mind-” she paused as she noticed something about me, "uh oh! It looks like the little guy has sprung a leak!"

As she crossed the room, I knew she was going to point out the gleaming drop of arousal fluid hanging several inches from the tip of my cock. If it had been hanging from my mouth, I would have slurped it back inside me. And if I were allowed to use my hands, I would have reached out and wiped it away before she got there. Anything but let her make a big deal about my drooling penis in front of all the girls!

Under her scrutiny, I tried to at least hold as still as a statue to minimize any embarrassing movement. But my erection refused to cooperate with even that basic command. The string of dangling pre-cum grew ever longer as my naked, out of control cock throbbed wildly in the open air. Then, at the worst possible moment, gravity overwhelmed the hanging liquid and a single, clear drop fell with an audible splat onto the cold tile.

"Hmm," she grinned, "it looks like Nessy isn't the only one who needs some wedding prep. Lucy, didn't you say he was due for a bath?"

"Uh huh," Lucy happily played along, "he got so dirty helping me in the garden."

"Well, it's a good thing we have a bath right here!" she observed, grabbing me firmly by my elbow and starting to tug. When I realized what she was proposing, I immediately resisted her pull. But when she gave my bottom a playful swat to get me moving, I reluctantly stumbled forward, aiming a glare at my sister.

I wanted Lucy to know that she was letting things go too far. I mean, I never signed up to take a bath in front of all these girls, much less be a naked groom for their mock wedding. But then I remembered, not too long ago, I had stuffed my naked sister into a tiny sleeping bag with her equally naked crush and they had been forced to spend the entire night with their aroused bodies pressed against each other with no way to relieve the pressure. Maybe a quick bath followed by a small wedding ceremony wasn't too extreme by comparison.

Mel unceremoniously nudged naked Annie out of the way and had me stand in the middle of the tub facing the room. The pool was tepid, its tendrils of steam long dissipated, and only came up to my shins. Lucy showed no sympathy for my plight. She silently pointed two fingers at my legs and made a spreading motion. Silently groaning on the inside, I capitulated to her wishes by spreading my stance as wide as the tub would allow me until both my feet were pressed against the sides.

Mel turned to her youngest cousin with a serious expression. "Now, Xube," she said, "Lucy going to be busy helping Nessy get ready. So, I need you to take over little Mikey's bath."

Now I started to panic! Mel wouldn't really hand over the responsibility of my bath to an eleven-year-old girl I had just met, would she? Did she have that kind of authority? Also, I didn't appreciate her calling me "little Mikey". But then again, who was going to challenge her? It's not like I had any say in the matter.

I would have expected supervisor Cate to step up and put a stop to it. I mean, letting her little sister run her hands all over a naked boy's body, even one she thought was supposed to be no older than eleven, was surely cause for concern. But Cate was proving to be vapid and rather useless at any task other than spouting memorized facts about Africa and fondling her own massive tits.

Annie looked wide-eyed at her cousin for a moment. Having just been forced to exit the bathtub, a small puddle of water was forming on the tile around her, but no one seemed to care about that. Her bare, freshly washed skin glowed bright white in the afternoon sunlight. But as she stood there with her arms at her side, I noticed her precious pussy lips displayed an extra coating of shininess. Her moisture factory had responded favorably to her exploring fingers.

She clearly didn't expect to be tasked with bathing a strange eleven-year-old boy. But after a brief moment's thought, she stood tall and nodded her head in acceptance of the great responsibility offered her.

"Great!" exclaimed Mel, patting her proud cousin on the top of her head, "would you please make sure he gets nice and clean for his wedding? Be sure and clean off any dirt you find.” With a wink, she added, “oh, and keep a close eye out for any more leaks, ok?"

My hands started trembling behind my back and my mouth went dry as the implications of those words sank in. A cute naked girl had just been given permission - no, instructions - to hand wash my naked hyper-aroused body. A small smile spread onto her face as her eyes locked onto my throbbing breeding stick. I knew exactly where she planned to start.

Mel spun again, leaving the two naked tween playmates to their bath time, and turned her sights back on her fifteen-year-old cousin. Poor Honesty had been anxiously waiting for an opening to voice more reservations about the wedding. But Mel gave her no quarter. Digging through the supply basket, she came up carrying a bundle of dark green banana leaves, a smaller basket for holding fruit, and a wooden object that I assumed was a crudely carved, wooden banana. I didn't get a very good look at it and had no clue why Honesty would need to carry a wooden banana in her fruit basket. But I didn't have the luxury of pondering that mystery at the moment.

Mel and Lucy escorted the reluctant bride out of the room and up the stairs toward her bridal suite. It was hard to follow because they were all kind of speaking over each other, but what portions I did hear made me extremely nervous.

Mel: "-do you have some fruit we can borrow for Nessy's dance?"

Nessy: "...I uh, like I said, I wasn't planning on actually-"

Lucy: "Oh Sure! We've got lots of fruit. This is going to be so fun! Do you want me to fix your hair?"

Mel: "That would be great. She needs to look extra nice for her husband! Did you see this? It's carved from a drawing the missionaries made of an actual binding talisman."

Nessy: "Actually, I was wondering if we could maybe skip that part? I'm not really comfortable-"

Lucy: "Woah, neat! Hey, what was that Cate was saying about shaving the bride? I think I can help with that, too!"

Nessy: "NO! That won't be necessary!"

Mel: "Oh, knock it off Nessy. Just relax and let us pamper you. It's just too bad we don't have any way to commemorate your big day. If only we had a wedding photographer..."

Lucy: "I think I can help with that. My friend got a new camera and gave me her old one. I just need to check if it has film."

Mel: "Excellent! Oh, I just love weddings!!!"


Dare Me - Chapter 14 - Mikey Gets a Dare (Part 20)

Annie eagerly dipped her hands into the water. Her assignment had been to wash all the places on my body that had gotten dirty from working in the garden. We were supposed to be the same age, but even with my legs spread in an overly wide stance, I still towered over her. She looked so small.

Standing this close to her, I could see much more detail of her naked body. She had healthy, flawless skin which gleamed from her recent bath. She smelled clean, but there was also a hint of something else lingering in the air. Something nice that I couldn't quite place but immediately wanted more as soon as the scent hit my nostrils.

She looked up at me with a little trepidation. Her whole body seemed to be buzzing with nervous excitement. As for me, I tried to look calm and composed. But my stomach was doing flip-flops inside me, and my hands wouldn't stop shaking.

I was a little relieved when her first touch on my body was my knees rather than somewhere more intimate. While looking for dirt, she must have detected some from the gardening tools which had been hung their earlier. A spark shot through me when her soft, cold hands made first contact with my leg. There was nothing overtly sexy about it. But I found myself holding my breath anyway, probably in anticipation of what would almost certainly come next.

Using the water she had scooped from the tub, she dutifully wiped away any loose dirt that had accumulated on the tops of my knees until there was nothing left but clean Mikey skin. The oil made my knees glow with the same radiance as her whole bare body did. She gave me a big, dimpled smile, proud of the small progress she had already made. She must have assumed everyone enjoyed getting anointed as much as she did.

I felt a growing tingling sensation in my extremities as she slowly made her way up the front of my legs. She moved higher and higher, wiping away any dirt she found and anointing my lap along the way. When she had almost reached the base of my cock, I couldn't handle watching and had to look away. The tingling had grown stronger, and my vision was blurring.

Instead of watching little Annie touch her first breeding pole, I looked across the room - anything to distract me from what was about to happen. Unfortunately, my eyes landed on Cate. While studying her wardrobe malfunction predicament, she had discovered something alarming. Unbeknownst to her, the brief wrestling match with her cousin had caused a structural integrity failure in her maternity dress that extended beyond her ruined top. The little curtain of fabric that made up her skirt now hung much lower on her front than originally designed. In fact, it now exposed pretty much her entire pussy. If not for the patch of black pubic hair, her most intimate parts would have been completely on display.

Given the choice between keeping her boobs or her crotch covered, she chose the latter. Reaching down, she grabbed the sagging panel of her skirt and held it up over her naked pussy where it was meant to be. That left her with no way to cover her ample bust. She stood there blushing while her nipples, now exposed to the open air, stiffened into bumps. Her dark strawberries, ripe and ready for suckling, pointed straight at me like an erotic invitation.

Just then, Annie reached the tops of my legs. She was so close to me that I could feel her cool breath on my overheated equipment. Her first contact with my penis was, not surprisingly, extremely tentative. Her fingertips just barely grazed the side of my organ near the base. I suddenly felt lightheaded.

Forgetting that she was supposed to be cleaning the dirt, her curious digits went exploring, slid their way up the veiny side of my member. The heat from my burning arousal factory had extended up the entire length of my shaft. It must have felt like hot iron against her relatively cold fingers.

Her curiosity about human breeding had started innocently enough with a simple, "but...how?". Her older sister had tried her best to give a satisfying and thorough answer. But with Honesty’s words still rattling around inside her young brain, and now that she was actually touching a boy's breeding stick, even more mysteries to ponder were popping into her head.

Apparently, she was still not satisfied with the answer she had been given to her original question. Something bothered her that she couldn't reconcile. She knew everything her sister told her had to be the truth. But the reality right in front of her face told a different story.

I had no clue what mystery she was pondering. But when she suddenly reached up and gripped the fattest part of my cock near the middle, I couldn't help but tear my eyes away from Cate’s spectacular naked rack and look down in shock.

Mel happened to return just then, entering the room just in time to catch her naked cousin taking her equally naked playmate's breeding equipment well in hand. My thick, turgid shaft dwarfed her dainty hand which was even smaller than Lucy's. It didn't even cover half my length.

If she had started jacking me off, I would have cum instantly, almost certainly shooting my seed all the way across the room in a humiliating display. But luckily, she didn't know the first thing about male masturbation, and she didn't seem to have any interest in moving her hand. She seemed afraid, at first, to do anything more than cradle my manhood in a firm, but decidedly motionless grip. Then she tilted her head and smiled, apparently surprised to learn that she could feel strongly in her palm the throbbing pulses of my racing heartbeat.

Mel, who had recovered her apron from her cousin and had put it back on herself, turned and walked straight toward me.

"Having fun, big guy?" she whispered in my ear when she was close enough.

My face was not exactly the picture of calm I wished I could present. With a cute naked girl now gripping my erection, I was barely able to keep my eyes from rolling back in my head. Apparently, it was too much to ask my mouth not to hang wide open either. Now I was at a real risk of drooling from two different places on my body.

"Your fiancé wanted to give you this," she teased, holding up the cross that had been hanging around Honesty's neck. She slipped the small cord over my head so that the cross was lying flat against my chest just below my collarbone. I could smell girly scents coming from the cloth cord – flowers, and honey, and something alluring. It barely registered in my brain that she was also had Honesty's folded bloomers and camisole tucked under her arm.

For some reason, Annie chose that exact moment to start moving her hand. With her fingers still shaped into a circle, she started sliding it slowly upward toward my tip. The coat of oil on her palm helped reduce friction and made moving it pretty easy. Stars burst into my vision as I felt every centimeter of the trip her soft hand made up the length of my cock. When she grazed the sensitive underside of my mushroom shaped head, my knees buckled.

I staggered back, barely able to remain upright, as her hand suddenly popped off the end of my penis. She huffed as the careful O shape she had been trying to maintain with her hand was ruined, slipped into more of a G shape by my near swoon. But I couldn't help it. It had all just been too much for the overworked muscles of my spread legs.

Mel was quick to check on me. "Uh oh, what's the matter Mikey? Did you get a leg cramp?"

Of course, I didn't respond. I'm not even sure I could have formed a response. Literally the only thing I could think about was how badly I wanted to cum. Digging my nails into my forearms yet again, I sent harried puffs of breath through gritted teeth. I had to fight every second to hold my humiliating orgasm at bay. I was not teetering on the brink of the cliff. I had gone over and was hanging by my fingertips.

Giving me a once-over, Mel formed a conclusion that did not require my input and simply confirmed her initial diagnosis of leg cramps. But for aid, she turned unexpectedly to Penny who was still serving her naked punishment.

"Penny," she said, "it looks like Mikey is having some leg cramps and needs your help. We can't have him fainting in the middle of his wedding. Since your dance had to be cancelled and you don't have anything else to do, would you mind massaging out the soreness for him?"

Now it made sense. Penny had just been taught how to rub sore leg muscles. So, she was the perfect choice for cramp duty. And due to her penitent nature, she would be obligated to perform whatever menial task her older cousin assigned to her. Besides, she knew Mel wasn't the type to take "no" for an answer.

Approaching the tub, the naked teenager knelt beside me and began tentatively massaging the large front muscle of my right leg.

Satisfied, Mel walked over to the supply basket and deposited Nessy's undergarments. Apparently, those articles would not be needed for the coupling ceremony.

With whatever she had been trying to accomplish disrupted, Annie tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear, stuck out her tongue and reached for my cock again. Starting at the thickest part of my trunk, she carefully formed her cute little fingers into an O and began sliding her fist up my meaty shaft. The sensation was just as amazing as it had been the first time, but I was at least a little more ready for it this time and was able to keep from moving during the journey.

Once she was off, I realized she had been making a rudimentary measurement. Marveling at the large size, she held the circle her fingers had made up in the air and looked through it in wonderment. Then, almost reverently, the circle slowly started to move. She lowered her hand until it was positioned directly over her pussy.

That was the real measurement she was looking for. While answering her question about breeding, Honesty must have told her that the male inserts his breeding stick deep into the female's womb to deliver his seed. But, Annie couldn’t help but wonder, if that were true, and we were the same age, how could my giant breeding stick possibly fit through the tiny entrance to her womb? Honesty hadn't gotten to that part.

Annie looked down at her own immature pussy which fit completely inside the circle she had made with her fingers. There was even a little room to spare. Several emotions passed over her face: surprise, betrayal, awe, fear, elation, anger. Finally, she frowned and looked up at me like I had somehow offended her. I didn't understand. How could I have hurt her when I had never even touched her?! I swear, I will never understand women.

Fortunately, her moody frown passed quickly as her curiosity, and nature, got the better of her. Apparently deciding to forgive her playmate for whatever sin I had committed against her, her dimply smile soon returned, and she dipped her hand back into the water for another round of anointing - and exploring - her new friend.

On her way out of the room, Mel stopped and, leaning in, gave Penny one last instruction.

"Boys' legs get especially sore right here," she explained, pointing to the shaved sack of flesh hanging at the apex of my legs, "so be sure and give it lots of really good massages, too. I'm counting on you, Penny."

The naked twin nodded solemnly then responded by innocently reaching up and squeezing my ball sack firmly in one of her little hands. She held it for a moment looking a little surprised to find it so squishy yet full of something. Then a curious smile formed on her face. Oh great!

I tried to sneer and glare at Mel to communicate the hatred I felt toward her for adding such a cruel and impossible to survive test of my arousal. But I couldn't get my face or my eyes to cooperate. Instead, my eyes fluttered uselessly while my mouth continued to hang open while a bit of drool rolled out one corner and down my chin.

I couldn’t imagine surviving another minute with two curious naked girls eagerly attending to my privates. I just knew that, somehow, I had to survive. My only hope, I thought, was that the wedding would start soon just to get those four, soft, probing hands off me. I now regret ever having that thought.


