Chapter 18
	
That next day the teacher came into his office smiling. You have those girls so charged up they sucked every drop of knowledge out of me today. I will have to prepare much more work for them in the future. You do know everyone of those girls are dying to get into your bed dont you?

That caused a red face to show on Hideki. I was told as much yesterday. But I must have failed to get the message across they are not slaves here and have free will.

Oh you got that across well. Now they feel they need to earn the right to bed you. I was asked if I wanted you and then what they had to do to be allowed in your bed?

He shook his head. What has these girls so wired on having sex with me? There are seven year olds I would rip open if I did something like that.

I said that as well and was shown different. Unless your built like King Kong every girl in that room could handle you. It would be a pretty snug fit in a few, but not painful. They wish to be your harem and are willing to share you between each other. Now if they are rejected they will have no choice but to commit suicide. That is deeply programmed into them. I will repeat what you told all of us. We are in a different world and we must also change to fit it.

Now he was bitten by his own words. OK I will see how I must handle this?

No you still dont get the picture. Each girl was given to you by some well off family. They were all virgins, pretty as seen by their people and smart. The entire honor of that family is riding on their daughter bedding you and becoming allied with you. They do not wish to fight you and would become part of your people by their daughter becoming part of your family. It fits the old history of most of our world. You could before this is over have a few hundred girls as your household.

Now his was scared and had no idea how to stop this. I am not sure I could handle having more women than I could remember their names.

You accepted the job as Emperor here. As in China the Great Khans had hundreds of wives. Here you dont need eunuchs to over see your harem. When birth is given a simple DNA test will show it is or is not yours. If it is not yours the woman is cast out and publicly acknowledged as a whore. You will have many sons to fight for you and many daughters to give as brides to strengthen relationships.

OK it is my problem and Ill deal with it. I wonder if my brother knew it was going to be like this? Of course he did and he did warn me. In the book he gave me he wrote, be warned that you are moving back several centuries in time.

He had just never looked at it this way.

Well boss it is your problem, I just wanted you to know what I learned. It was also important you know what a rejection would cause. That would have been unfair to you. The teacher left his office. 

He sat and sent Joji another e-mail and asked him for advice for the first time in their lives. Then he headed to lunch. 

The conversation was loud and the girls energized. It seems they liked the teacher in the mornings. He got a lot of good comments on what she started teaching them. He finished and went to check his computer before class. 

Joji had replied to both his e-mails. The first thanked him for finding the man. It asked what he felt the man might need that would not be there? Then he started on the difference in the culture. Much of what the teacher had said he did as well. But he added one more issue. Brother life is full of both good and bad things. Youre where what was given to you was a good thing and not a bad one. So embrace it and dont look back. What this world thinks means nothing in your world. This will start to build your country and it will be much stronger because of the girls. That is the old way of life that existed here at one time. Many a King had very young wives, which could not have children for many years after they married. It was only in the period of the Roman Catholic Church that this changed in countries where the church existed. In your world our belief of Shintoism lives and there are no prohibitions for young girls marrying or becoming concubines. I would suggest you marry each one and expect to have many girls given to you over the years. Keep your favorites close and enjoy the new young wives. Once they are pregnant you have done your part. But keep those that are good advisors close by.

It was suggested that it might be wise to consider a moving troop on horseback to go get the man. It would allow him to show the girls to every tribal group. That would mean a closer tie to many mountain tribes. Recovery would be slower, but if he wore his old armor from Tokyo it would also be to his advantage. John had said it was nearly 1,000 years old and had belonged to an Emperor. Of course it had many things replaced to keep it up to date and in good shape to be used.

Joji had been concise and to the point on how to handle this. Of all the people he listened to, it was his brother he trusted most. He had nothing to gain here from any advice given. So he looked at what was best to keep the peace and allow Hidekis world to grow. That also suited his world and John had instructed him to trust his brother in all things from that world.

He sent off a note thanking him and making several suggestions of things they did not have here. It was now time to plan this grand parade into the mountains and see what came of it?

He spent the first part of the afternoon explaining the computer. All functions were demonstrated and many questions answered. 

Now class I have been studying this problem of your being given to me. This was not something that was done during my life in my world. So it was very new to me and I was not sure how to handle it? But I have discussed it with my brother. His advice was here this is common so I must accept it. I will accept each of you into my household. But I need for your parents to see I have done this. So when we go after Snows brother we will do so by horse and with a troop of my men. There will be carts for many of you to ride in and several horses, so you can take turns riding.

Snow looked worried. My brother cannot ride yet and I know he could never walk back here.

I will have one medical cart to carry him. We will have medical people with us to treat sickness along the way. They will check out your brother and assure his comfort during travel. If you wish to you can ride with him and see he is well taken care of. So we need roads or at least nice grassy areas to pull the carts over.

That will be no problem, as with us riding where people can see us the roads will be open to you. We can assure your not bothered or attacked by our people. But there are bandits out there and we dont control them. They attack our villages when the men are away often. Often they are hunted down, but some are so good they just cant be caught. They are the assassins and are hired by many different groups.

I will understand if some attack comes. As for the assassins I am not worried as we are far better that they are due to technology. This trip will give you each a chance to see just how good my people are. We will leave in the morning and each of you have warm winter suits to wear. You will be six to a wagon and there will be five wagons. So six will also be riding at any time. You will be sleeping inside tents and in sleeping bags. So you will be warm with little or no clothing on while sleeping. If the area we are going through is your familys area then please make sure your riding a horse. That way youre easily seen, as you will be up front with me. Now go pack for this trip and we will have a celebration dinner tonight.

He had a quick meeting in his office with the commander of his troops. They would have the ten wagons with horses and a troop of 250 men. A command post would be set up in one wagon for security for the group. One of the provision wagons at the rear would be electronically sending signals from the back while the command wagon saw in front. Tents would be provided for the girls and for Hideki. They would have two cooks and one servant from the castle traveling with them. 

It was decided to take crossbows for people sweeping their flanks. That way no noise would be picked up from shots. It was expected most kills would be at night.

A lot of discussion went into the basic plan. A group of added troops would be moved by chopper into any point of severe attack. But Hideki did not expect it to be needed. 

Look this is a spur of the moment trip. Not one tribal group knows we are coming or passing through their land until it happens. The girls will show us the way and I want a wagon for gifts to be given to our new allies. We will use swords, bows and arrows, knifes and cooking pots for the women. I will need one gift master who speaks the old language to handle my orders on those items. If we were attacked by five thousand we would not lose that fight. We would get hurt I am sure, but they are way over matched to their current technology.

Boss we cant afford to have you or our troops hurt in an early battle. We must build a feeling of invincibility. If we fail to do that then we will fight more battles than we need to. My main worry right now is our lack of fighting troops. I would prefer if you were taking more with you than just 250.

I will take no more and if I get any more comment, I will find another job for you to handle. I am not your subject, but you are mine and will follow instructions. Is that understood?

Yes sir, I am most sorry to have upset you.

People this is not a democracy and I rule this land. So understand my word is law and it is back to the old ways. Now if you cant handle that then it is time to go back to Japan. Where the Emperors word is law once more. So you live that way here or live it there. The difference I am told is here youre a citizen and there youre a foreigner. The people my brother took into ITI are doing well and have a home one day in the Islands. You would never be hired by ITI as someone who quit here.

Every person there saw the anger. They knew he meant exactly what he had said. So the opening was there for people to start bailing out. But they would be leaving for a very bad situation in Japan. You know none of us would leave here. I understand and accept that you have the final decision on anything we do. The mans eyes were looking down now.

No I dont have the final decision on everything. I have been given thirty young girls I am expected to marry and to impregnate. In that I had no choice as it is custom here. We are going to have events we cant control because they are part of the history in this world. We are going to have to bend to some long held customs here.

That fact hit the group and he saw they were now shocked he was going to allow this to happen. But some of those girls are not more than seven years old.

A doctor spoke up. Yes and every girl is capable of the sexual act without damager to her body. I have checked them out and they were started on a training program to be sure they could complete their responsibility. Each is a virgin, smart as hell and beautiful in the ways this world judges beauty. We are here where this custom has existed for thousands of years. I have looked at our religion and at our laws. Our religion says nothing at all about this. Our laws say where any conflict exists the customs here should rule.

Now they all were surprised. Are you saying all men should have multiple wives?

Not at all as mine would cut my dick off some night while I was sleeping. But this is normal at the higher levels of government. Every girl Hideki was given was the daughter of a tribal chief and if she is accepted they bind their people and strength to Hideki. The girls he has gives him people and land over ten times our current size. They will pay him a tax of grains, vegetables and meat each year. His idea to provide nice gifts to those chiefs, will help us build that bond even closer. It recognizes them and as you know face is important.

That shut them all up, as they had never considered much of what was said. This world would they were sure become more understandable to them. But stepping back in time was harder than moving forward they thought? Here Hideki had to give up his chance at a normal life to build a nation. He had to live in the pasts ways and never have what they felt was a normal life. 

When the people left his office he saw Snow coming with a piece of paper in her hands. She bowed to him and held out the paper. He looked at it and was pleased beyond belief. The child had done a beautiful job of making her first map. 

First Snow this is beautifully done. Please come here. She did and he kissed her and she was now beaming with a gorgeous smile. 

Thank you master I did so much enjoy that kiss. It is so much better coming from someone you love with all your heart.

How good a rider are you?

I have ridden since I was old enough to walk. My fathers horses are not nearly as large as yours. But they are sure footed animals and can go for days on little food and water. Many come to trade with him for horses. He will be your furthest outpost and will stop any who try to gain entry to the mountain passes to come this way.

How many men does he have?

This she had to think about for some time. Many more than we have here. My brother said for every one of you we needed twenty of us. That worried my father and he sent me to gain an ally. I am sure the force you take will be tested by bandits in the mountains. They must know how well you fight? If youre truly as good as my brother says the troops are you should not be hurt badly at all. But I have place three marks on my map and there is where I think they will try to attack you.

Why those three places?

It gives them high ground and is a place where many can hide. There are valleys for their horses to be grazing and not be heard.

He walked over and looked at the overhead shots of these three places. She was right in her advice for each of these. She looked down and saw the trail she had drawn.

How can you see from over the mountains? It is like a bird might see the land.

We have metal birds that fly overhead and take pictures for us. Matter of fact wait and we will go look at these places.

He got the commander of his chopper force and they took Snow and left to fly over all three places. It was easy to see how people could hide here and not be seen from the ground. I want a force of fifty men at each location well armed and with gunship support. We are going to hurt some mountain bandits badly.

In looking around to see Snow he saw her with her face plastered to the plexiglas windows. Well dear what do you think of my metal bird?

This is the most magical thing I have ever seen. I love looking down on the land like a bird would.

When they got back to the castle she hugged him. Thank you so much for letting me come along. I will never forget that ride and no one would ever believe me if I told them.

Here everyone would believe you as they have all ridden in one. Five of these will carry men to each of your three spots and put them on the ground. We will watch for the bandits to come and set up. When they think they are ready we will attack them from behind and kill as many as possible. Of course we will keep the bandits horses and give them to people who needs them.

Do you know how much a horse is worth to a mountain tribesmen?

I would say it is of high value?

My father would give you much gold for them.

I am taking him a stallion and five mares of our stock. So he will not come out poor on this. All the tribes need to be able to get to each other and to us when times are troubled. So all must have horses to have that ability.

It was a wise decision and one where money was not what was driving Hidekis decisions. Money does not seem very important to you?

Money dear is a tool. For it to have value it must be well used. Right now for me is a time to invest in my new people. Later it will come back to me often.

She saw great wisdom in her masters comments. He was as young as her brother but as wise as her father. To be given to someone of such great knowledge and abilities was a dream come true. Master when are you going to allow me in your bed?

I was considering tonight if that fits your feelings?

There will never be a day that would not suit me. If it is my time of month I will still make sure your pleased. I belong to you completely and in every way. That was said with a completely honest face. He could tell she meant it in every possible way.

They headed in to dinner and she sat with him at his table. It was the first time this had happened. So the rest of the children wondered what was going on? It was a mystery to most and to others a little older it said things were changing. 

After dinner she went to her room and brought her clothing for the next day and her bag. She was not leaving this man until she had to. It was her desire to have his first child. So she prayed to her Guardian Kami and lit incense to her. This followed what her mother had taught her. 

Hideki walked in the room and saw the incense being burned and knew she was praying. He guessed what it was for and was pleased it meant so much to her. He walked into the bathroom and turned the hot tub on. 

The sound brought Snow back to this world and she headed to the sounds. The large sunken tub was big and the water was moving around it. What is that?

It is a hot tub and the water is very warm and it moves over your skin and relaxes you. Come we need to take a shower before we get into it. It is for relaxing and not for bathing.

They showered off and Hideki enjoyed seeing her beautiful small body. Snow was just close to 4 feet tall and may be 70 pounds. She had very small perfectly shaped breasts. There could not be more than a mouth full at the most. There was no hair on her body except on her head and eyebrows. Her nipples were hard and her clit extended. So he knew she was having sexual feelings that said advanced female. There was no question in his mind she would rape him, if she did not get what she wanted so badly. There was a female tiger in her tank just screaming to get out.

But he did not want to do anything that would hurt her. So he would talk things slow and easy to start with. She sat beside him in the tub and he placed his arm around her and played with her nipples. It was driving her nuts and he enjoyed seeing her like this. 

When are you going to just take me master?

Never dear I dont just take a woman, I make love to her. For me to enjoy it the woman must enjoy it as well. I love seeing her explode with orgasms and feeling her body boiling with pleasure. He reached down and started stroking her clit until she just went off like he had never seen before. She shook and moaned and then just passed out. He ended up having to pick her limp body up and sit her in a chair to dry her. 

He carried her into the bedroom and laced her on the bed. Then started to eat her beautiful pussy. She woke with a start and then went off once more. He slid up and slowly inserted his cock into her. Every inch he got in just sent her off the deep end more. By the time he was buried in her she was bucking like a wild animal. Then she had a massive explosion and it brought him off as well. She milked him in ways he had never considered possible.

He slowly withdrew from the girl, pulled her into his arms and covered them for a nights sleep. She had passed out three times that night from massive orgasms. Her pussy had grabbed his dick and held on for dear life. Yet he still had a hand on her breast and loved the feeling of it. 

The next morning he woke to a smiling face just staring at him. That was a night I will never forget. I never dreamed it would be so wonderful. Mother told me of the pain and the suffering I would just have to bear. But I felt none of what she told me?

It is the difference between fucking and making love. You do know you passed out three times last night. Each happened at the end of a massive set of orgasms. I have never seen anyone cum so hard before.

What does the word come mean?

The word is cum and it is when your body reaches orgasm and you start pumping out fluids from your vaginal area or me from my cock. In my case it is what makes babies in a girl.

She had this dreamy smile on her face. I sure hope you made one because I did feel loved. The way I feel I could do that forever and never be tired of it.

They got up and showered together and then dress for breakfast. All the girls knew at once she had been fucked by the master. She just glowed now with a dreamy look on her face. There was jealousy with some and curiosity in others. But with the fears their mothers had created they had decided Snow had to be first. She had proven to be the bravest of them and the least afraid of sex. 

After breakfast they all went down and were placed in wagons. Their baggage was placed in the wagon with their tents. Snow and five other girls mounted a horse and held them until Hideki was mounted. They rode with him to the front of the column and started to lead it toward the mountains. It was a beautiful day and bright with sunshine. The cold air off the water would soon be behind them. It would still be cold, but without the biting of the wind. 

The travel that day was just through the lands held by Hidekis people. They camped at the base of the first mountain, they would start to cross the next day. It was not that high at just over 2,000 feet. But did cut off the vision of what was behind it to most of the land. 

The tents were placed in the center of the wagons pulled into a circle. They sat the camp up just as it would be in unknown territory. It was practice time doe the troops. The inside of the wagons had a light metal that used connectors inside to hold it in place. So no one could come under a wagon to get into the tent camp. It was electrically charged at night and would give a nasty shock if touched. 

The five tents for the girls and one large one for Hideki were the living quarters here. There was one large dinning tent and it had the needed kitchen for cooking large meals in short periods of time. The cooks and palace staff sleep in here at night. The girls tents and Hidekis had inside toilets and Hidekis had a hot tub for him to enjoy. 

He had stated all meetings would be held in the dinning tent. There was no reason to allow people to see how he lived personally. The idea of projecting a much harder personality was one he would embrace. That would start with the next morning. He had decided to take offense at any error made by these mountain people. It would cost some their lives, but created the respect for him he needed in the future. They had to fear him to build that respect. Hideki knew he would have to push himself in this, as it was just not his personality. He saw in Tokyo how well this persona worked and knew it would work here even better. Strength was the most valued item of anyone you bound your future to in this world.

The next morning he got up and prepared for a hard day. After breakfast with the girls he retired to his tent and dressed in his armor. He had one of the troopers help him make the fastenings in the back. With his long and short sword he looked just like an 8th century CE war lord to anyone seeing him. You could see peoples spirits pick up when he walked out of the tent. His tent came down quickly and everything was stored. So they started to move out. Before midday they reached the first village and were greeted with kneeling people on both sides of the road heads touching the ground. When the chief saw Hideki he also dropped to his knees and bowed. Here he knew was a real man of power and one you must show great respect to.

The girl whose father was kneeling rode up and nodded her head. Are you the chief who gave me this girl?

Yes master she is my daughter.

You have pleased me so rise and look at your new leader.

The man rose and looked on the most terrifying facemask he had ever seen. Lord please do not be angry with my poor gift to you. But I did not know you were of such greatness. I, my lands and my people all belong to you. We will fight to the death at your command.

That is well said and I hope you live up to it. For now I accept your word. Please present my gift to the chief. A trooper rode up and handed the man a fine sword and knife. He saw the mans wife then.

Is that women your wife?

Yes my lord she is the girls mother.

Give her the gift I choose.

The man rode to her and handed her a large pot made of a metal like she had never seen before. She fell to her knees once more and tears rolled down her old face. 

Give the chief the bow and arrows I chose as well.

The presenter handed the man a bow with a pouch of arrows. Each tipped with a metal arrowhead and sharp as a razor. Lets see if you can shot an arrow as well as I have been told?

The man stood and looked at the bow and then the arrows. They were perfect and had a metal tip with small knife edges on them. He pointed at a target a good one hundred yards away and took and arrow and pulled back the bow. When he let go the arrow flew like it had wings. He had never shot any arrow so far and hit a target, but today he had to attempt it. It landed dead center in the target and people sucked in their breath. 

Give him another 100 arrows and 1,000 replacement heads. That was beautiful shooting and I am pleased to have such a man fight for me. Now to show you some of my power. Watch your target and see it just fall apart. He aimed the rifle at the target and saw a knot in it and knew it would be a weak spot. He pulled the trigger three times quickly and the target was shredded into many pieces. People had never seen anything like this before. 

That if it hits a man will kill him instantly. There is no armor to protect you from this except ours. See the man standing out in front of you? Shoot him with your new arrows.

The man instantly did as he was told. The arrow stuck in the mans chest and was pulled out by him. He was not hurt at all. People saw much magic in their minds here. Here was real power and a strong protector for them. 

I have many stops to make and must move forward. If you need help send a rider to me with this symbol and I will respond. A gold coin with script was handed to him. He knew it was solid gold and had great value. Everyone fell to the ground once more and stayed bowed until all is troops had passed. 

This played out at ten different villages that day. OK troops I expect an attack here tonight. So be ready and if it moves kill it before they can get close. We would like to have one prisoner if possible. Dont take risks getting one. I want to return with every man unhurt and none lost. Now get started getting this camp ready for a night fight.

The camp was chosen well and it was below where he had fifty men planted. Whoever attacked would be between two of his forces. They of course did not know that.

Each of the girls whose fathers and mothers had been rewarded came to Hideki and kissed him. They thanked him for his kindness to their families and pledged their lives as bond for the tribe. 

Snow knew he did not understand what the girls had done. If their tribe ever lets you down those girls will pay for it with their lives. You showed their familys great honor and they are now tightly bound to you. Any failure of their clan, family or themselves would demand they end their lives. Just too much face would have been lost.

I was surprised at the greetings in each village. It was almost the same in each of them.

They were watched by spies from the next village and reports sent back. You looked very much like one Emperor that ruled most of this world many years ago.

The attack came after the moon came up. It did not take long before the attacking force of just over two hundred men were killed. Three had been taken prisoner by the force behind them. The ponies were assembled and tied together to be moved at the back of the procession. 

Hideki added the fifty men to his group. A group of ten troopers took 55 ponies and headed back to each village. They would drop off five at each stop. The three men were questioned and refused to answer any. Hideki stood and walked out and started to cut clothing off the men. He then started to make small cuts allowing blood to run. Finally one man told all he knew pleading for death. The rest also talked once they knew he would kill them in an honorable way. 

Well we now have had our first encounter with the assassins. They are not nearly as good as we are. But dont under estimate them ever. Without our technology we might well have lost this fight.

They mounted and started to head for the next villages. The third day on the move was like the second. They were hit that night by an even larger force and lost no troops. The horse heard was now very large. So he sent fifteen men back to add to the horses given to the chiefs. Now each village would have ten animals and at least one stallion. 

They finally got to Snows village and had around fifty horses of the native type left. They set up their camp in a field and Then Hideki, Snow and his troops went into the village. All people were on their knees and heads on the ground before him. He pulled up to the man he knew was Snows father. 

Rise father in law and meet your ruler and son in law.

Snows face beamed at this coming from Hideki. Please father and mother stand and meet my master.

They stood and saw their daughter and she showed so much love for her master they were just shocked. With heads bowed they both stood. 

Please tell me where is Snows brother? Hideki asked the couple.

He is at our home as he was unfit to meet such a great man.

Snow take four troops and bring your brother to me.

Yes master as you wish. She pointed to four men and they followed her to her old home. 

When she walked in she saw he was not doing well. Get the doctor and move fast. That came out as a command and it brought a smile to her brothers face. 

Little one you learn very quickly. But you must not make your master unhappy.

My master brother is the brother of the man who beat you. He has come to take you back and assure you heal properly. That was requested by my masters brother and he loves his brother as I love mine.

The doctor came rushing in with his bag and started checking him out at once. He asked a few questions and looked at the wounds. Who has been treating these wounds?

We have an old man who treats any wounds here.

He gave the man two shots and looked worried. The man has almost killed him Snow. Your brother has a very bad infection from whatever he is putting on the wound. I am sending him to the castle hospital and will go with him and treat him.

She walked over and held up the bottle and her brother nodded his head. Here is what he has being put on the wound.

You could clearly see mercury in the mixture. See that silver looking metal in here? It is killing your brother. It is very bad for any human and often causes death. This so called healer has been killing people here for years now.

The chopper could be heard coming in to the clearing. Her brother was carried to it and he and the doctor loaded in. It lifted off and was gone while people just stared. No one had ever seen a bird like that and one that would carry people. This an was very powerful and one you had best never cross.

Snow rode back and was really angry. She explained what the doctor said and iit made Hideki angry. He got down off his horse. Who has been treating him?

The old man walked out and the look of hate was on his face. Hideki had his sword out and the mans head off before he could open his mouth. Why did you have a member of the assassins treating your son?

He has been here for ten years now. I was told he had been badly injured in a battle. But he had good medical skills.

Who told you that?

 The man was backing up fast. Hideki was there and had the mans head as well. I assume this piece of crap was the dog who suggested that?

The skill he saw said this man was the very best with a sword he had ever seen. Yes he is the one.

You do know you had two assassins living in your village? Snow cut the cloth on each and show their tattoo of rank.

The breath being taken by the crowd it could be heard when each mans rank was shown. The troops surround the people and each man was required to prove he had no makings on his body. They found three more men and each lost his head. 

Now where did these men come from?

Because we trade with many clans we pick up men from all over. All of these came from one group that is may be six days ride to our south. They are know as fierce fighters and there for taken in by many tribes.

That is the band of the assassins then or they finished their work and moved on here to kill your son. I am sure some stupid leader offered gold for his death. When a fool makes a mistake he sacrifices someone else to absorb the blame. Your son was that sacrifice. Come with me to my dinning tent and lets talk.

Snow spent time with her mother and the two were enjoying it so much. It was a very different girl that had came home to visit. She was no child and she was a complete woman. But Snows master had her being educated and that she would have loved to do. Her daughter took out a piece of paper and handed it to her mother. It was her daughters face and she smiled at this. 

Keep it mother and that way you will never forget what I looked like. Tears came to her mothers eyes. 

My daughter youre a good woman. Being able to see your smiling face each day will make me very happy. Knowing your being educated will also be a blessing from my Kami. Your new master is truly a great man, who understands that a woman can help a man in this world. I was lucky as your father does talk with me about business matters. Not many husbands would do that. We discuss each trip to be taken and what happened when he returns.

My master discussed this trip with me and accepted the points where I told him we might be attacked. He never laughed at me and took it very serious. Our troops were ready and they did not lose one man. They killed over three hundred of the enemy, captured their horses and he has given horses to each ally to assure they can send us information.

That might hurt your fathers business.

Mother dont lie to me. We both know father never trades with the people we gave the horses to. They are not wealthy enough to afford his stock.

All the mother could do was grin. He may want to now that he knows about the assassins. That had to be very bitter for him.

My master has killed all who were in any village we came through since he found their mark. His men are handling the ones going towards the castle. He has decreed that no assassin is allowed in his territory. Any clan chief who fails to keep that will be executed, if one is found in his village.

That is very harsh. The mother wanted to see how this was handled.

I was told that if a man is given room to wiggle he would try to do that. If he knows wiggling will kill him he will not try it at all.

Now I know he is truly smart.

He said that no man was smart and if he considered himself smart he would soon see how dumb he was. Real intelligence questions everything all the time. Never assume anything or it would cause you much grief.

The woman saw this world had never seen anyone like Snows master. He was going to rule much of this land and people would wonder how he did it? But she knew where he came from. She also knew it was not the Islands or Japan. He did not have the ego of men from either place and was much smarter. She had been to the Islands and to Japan as a child. It was part of her education and she absorbed it like a sponge. But she was not allowed to talk about that period of time. She still had a sister on the Islands or at least she thought she did?


