Discovering Melanie
by Cave

Discovering Melanie Ch. 2

That evening during dinner Melanie was on pins and needles, fully expecting to be chewed out for her behavior in the garden. But as she focused on the food in front of her, nothing about this afternoon was coming up. Dad talked about work, mom asked her about classes, nothing special.

The following days were much of the usual, sleep, eat, classes, assignments. No free time at the end of the day, but also no strange questions from Josy or her parents. Had Josys dad kept it to himself?

It was exactly a week later that she could get gome early again, and lucky for her it was nice weather. Only a few small clouds in the sky. Shed been getting more and more excited about the upcoming free time.
Though shed been caught, it seemed like she got away with it, mostly anyway. She tried not to think about the fact that she had been seen by her friends dad.

Despite the shame and embarrassment she had felt the previous week, she knew she wanted to keep doing this. Just need to be more careful.
After changing into a similar skirt and blouse as last week, she went downstairs and looked out into the backyard.

Noone there.

After going outside, trying to stay quiet while moving towards the hedge that bordered the gardens, she tried to peek through into the neighbours yard. She couldnt see much, as it was a thick hedge.
How can she be sure noones there? She stood there a few moments, hearing nothing but the birds and the soft wind rustling the leaves. Then with trepidation she went to her chair, carefully moving it to her chosen spot, so as to make as little sounds as possible.

Sitting down, she was more nervous than ever before. She was shaking, but also felt the all too familiar excitement bubbling up.
She sat there for a while, toying with the hem of her blouse. It was still all buttoned up. Even if someone saw her now, she wouldnt have to be embarrassed about the way she was dressed.

The sun was nice, heating her up while the light breeze caressed her legs. In contrast, the heat was building up beneath her clothes and it wasnt long before she started to feel sweat breaking out. The breeze would feel so wonderful on her skin, would help cool her down.

Again looking around, she listened for any sound out of the ordinary. When she got home, she had checked the neighbours driveway  the car was gone. There was no way Josys dad was home this time, she reasoned.

Slowly unbuttoning the blouse from the bottom up, she left only the button between her breasts, leaving the blouse loose but mostly covering her.
After a moment, she started opening the blouse below and then above the last remaining button. It hung off her shoulders, her chest mostly exposed.

The heat was not as pressing now and its still safe, more or less.
Nothing too private was showing, though itd be an interesting sight for an observer.

She sat like that for a while, enjoying the combination of sun and breeze on her nearly bare chest. Her thoughts were on that last button, a few times bringing up a hand to toy with it.

She checked the time on her phone. Mom would be home soon, she realized.

Carefully listening for any sounds from the neighbours yards, her mind was on the previous week. she wanted to adjust the skirt again, to have that wonderful feeling of exposure to the elements.

Itll be another week before she can do this again, if the weather even holds.

Knowing time was limited, she started rolling up the skirt. One, two, three times. She couldnt stop herself as with a rush of excitement she saw her lips and then her mound come into view and turned it over one more time.

She couldnt believe what shed just done. It had been purely on impulse.

The skirt was now barely more than a belt, sitting around her waist. As her heart raced at her taboo actions, she reflected on her current state. Naked from the waist down, sitting out here completely exposed to any possible watching eyes.

Every second sitting like that was scary and exciting.

Still alert to any sound, she knew she had to go back inside soon. Her right hand moved down and she traced her fingers along the underside of the skirt from her waist towards the middle. From there her thumb began the journey south, light touches passing over bare skin, reminding her of how much of her was exposed.

The thoughts of being outside like this, coupled with the feeling of her fingers now passing by her center and down the side over her lips had her excitement skyrocketing as her abdominal muscles flexed and contracted.
Having reached her destination, three fingers took over for her thumb as her middle finger briefly dipped into the slippery wetness.

What must this look like, openly touching myself out here, Melanie thought.

She started slowly moving her hand back up, keeping contact.
With ragged breaths, flushed skin and her left hand firmly gripping the armrest, her finger slipped over the hard button at the top of her slit.

She was getting closer, a whimper escaping her lips, hand making small involuntary movements, adding to the pleasure as she lay back in the chair.
As her thumb was starting another journey down, she heard a rustling on the other side of the hedge.

Panic!

Not willing to wait around fixing her clothes, as in her mind she could already see the neighbour looking out over the hedge, she grabbed her phone and hurried towards the backdoor.

Once inside, she turned around and briefly looked back outside.
That damn cat! She saw the bushy tail disappear into the bushes. It must have made its way through the hedge.

Frustrated, but also relieved she wasnt seen, she made her way to her room.

Letting herself fall back onto the bed, the immediate memories of what shed done filled her head. The skirt, still barely more than a belt, had left her completely exposed in her mad dash from the garden.
The fear of being seen, the rising arousal and the nearly naked run back inside It was a whirlwind of emotions raging through her.

As she was calming down she had to ask herself, why did she escalate like that? Why couldnt she just enjoy a relaxing moment in the sun like a normal person?

It was then that her phone rang.
Seeing that Josy was calling, Melanie picked up.

Hello Josy

Hey Mel, can I come over? I need to talk to you about something.

Can she be any more vague?

I dont know, my parents are coming home soon and I need to do some homework, she said. What she really needed right now was some time to reflect on her actions outside.

Please, Mel? I need to talk to you, but not over the phone.

What was so urgent, Melanie wondered. Did something happen?

Oh, alright, but I dont have long.

Yay, Ill be right over.

Melanie quickly changed back into the clothes she wore earlier and then checking in the mirror to see if she was presentable, made her way downstairs as Josy knocked on the door.

Hi Josy, what was it you wanted to talk about?

SoyeahIll just lay it out I just saw you running through your garden. Want to tell me what that was about? Josy asked, ending with a giggle.

The end of the world.



