The party's not over yet.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 10 (mFF, bi, cheat, creampie, ds, inc, interr, mc, nc, oral, impreg?, reluc, f-solo, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

JJ woke to the feeling of being prodded in the side. He moaned and rolled. He was still muzzy-headed but could move now...and his cock was still hard from the Viagra, so he figured he must not have nodded off for long.

Freya was there, still naked, her back to him, squatting above the face of the now-also-naked Jacinda. The Latina was lying on her back, her legs and trimmed pussy pointing toward JJ. "Hey, JJ," the blonde purred as she turned to him, "come give Jacinda some lovin' while she eats me out."

JJ looked around, but the other partygoing young women who had followed them up to the bedroom had moved on. He was pretty sure that Jacinda had been the only one there that he hadn't fucked that night. He could feel that his testicles had recharged during his nap, and needed emptying. He moved between the bronze-skinned girl's splayed legs, noting the obvious wetness of her pussy. Yes, she was ready.

He looked around for his jeans but couldn't see them. His condoms were in his wallet!

"Get in there, JJ!" Freya urged him. "Jacinda and I do everything together, so be sure to put your big load inside that hot Latina pussy."

JJ shrugged. Who was he to say no to a wanton woman? He started to push his turgid member into Jacinda's sultry vagina.

"Mm! Mm!" Jacinda moaned, her legs rising and flopping back down as JJ insinuated himself inside her possibly still fertile body.

Freya looked down at her friend's alarmed eyes. "Ooh, yes, baby, he's going inside you. C'mon, suck more of his cum out of my pussy. You know it makes you feel good. It'll feel sooo much better in your little cunny, trust me."

Jacinda felt like she was floating on a cloud, with little control over her own body as JJ started to saw his dangerous cock into her. Last night she had started to have misgivings about inviting the boy to her party. He hadn't seemed as sexy or attractive as when they had invited him, and that was weird. When they had their orgy a few hours previous, she had become horny again, but then when it was over she once again felt unsure. At some point she fell asleep, and about a half hour ago, Freya had woken Jacinda and shoved a pill down her friend's throat. Soon, Jacinda was unable to resist, and found herself held down and made ready for JJ's cock.

A small amount of JJ's sperm slipped from Freya's pussy and into Jacinda's mouth. She reflexively swallowed it and moaned as a small orgasm washed over her. JJ felt Jacinda's pussy squeeze his cock and naturally assumed that she was into him again.

He reached up and took a hold of Jacinda's round C-cup breasts with barely any tan lines. It seemed that she sunbathed in the nude, and that was hot! He squeezed those 18-year-old breasts as only a recently devirginized 16-year-old would, making her moan into Freya's pussy.

Then Freya moved her way down Jacinda's body, and JJ had to let go of those glorious boobs. Soon the blonde and her friend were face-to-face, Freya's pussy a little above Jacinda's. Unseen by JJ, Freya kept one hand restraining Jacinda's above her head while she put the other over Jacinda's mouth and whispered in her ear, "It feels so fucking good, 'cinda, like you've been waiting for it your whole life. I can't wait for you to feel it..."

JJ lay his head on Freya's pale lower back as he continued to fuck the reluctant Jacinda. Her hot pussy was getting tighter, signalling her approaching orgasm and helping him to reach his own. He redoubled his thrusting, and Jacinda began crying out into Freya's hand. Then his final cum of the night sprang forth from his loins, rushed up his shaft, and whitewashed the interior of the restrained girl's pussy, setting off her own orgasm.

"Uuuhgggkk..." Jacinda moaned as her eyes rolled up into her head.

"Oh yes..." Freya moaned, cumming a little at the thought of JJ inseminating her best friend. "Oh, take it, baby...we do everything together, so I had to make you do this. Please forgive me...I love you..." she whispered into her ear.

"Lll...yyy..." Jacinda moaned as she shook in pleasure.

Freya removed her hand.

"Lovvve...youuu..." Jacinda gasped as her orgasm calmed. "Thank...you, baby. Should have...trusted you...Goddd..."

Then JJ fell back asleep, still buried in Jacinda's pussy and lying on Freya's back.

---

"Hay-zoose! Get up and get out!"

JJ woke up alone in bed with a gorgeous older Latina woman standing over him who looked kind of familiar. He realized that she must be Jacinda's mother, wearing a knee-length skirt and a low-cut blouse that was showing off her MILF cleavage as she leaned over him.

He rose up and pulled the bedsheets over his nakedness. His erection had finally gone down. He scanned the room for his clothes but couldn't see them.

"Well?" the woman asked, hands on hips.

"Do you see my clothes?" he asked, embarrassed.

She helped to look, giving the occasional sniffle like she had allergies, and then stepped out of the room. She came back with a pile of the aforementioned clothing. As she brought it to him, she paused and then buried her face into it, taking a big sniff.

"Oh God..." she moaned, her pupils going wide as she looked at him. "What is that scent you wear?"

"Aqua Velva," he replied, grabbing his clothes from her. He had to get out of there!

"I'll get that for my husband, I think," she said as he tore out of the room, still naked, his clothes in his hands. He couldn't remember which way to go, so turned to the hallway on the right.

Another set of doors. He turned around to head back, but Jacinda's mother was there. "Here," she said, directing him to one of the doors. She opened it and he walked through, expecting to find one of the stairways down to the main area, but instead it was another bedroom.

"Shit..." he said, and tried to step back out, but she had closed the door behind her. "Um, Mrs...uh..." He realized he didn't know Jacinda's last name. "...ma'am, please let me leave."

"Of course," she said as she unbuttoned her shirt, "but first you will give me some of what you gave my daughter last night, Si?" She gave him a wink as she dropped her blouse to the floor, showing off large breasts held in place by an industrial strength beige bra.

JJ gulped. His cock started to rise, despite all the orgasms from the previous night. Then she pulled her skirt down and off, leaving her in her bra and serviceable matching beige panties. She leapt upon him with surprising speed, knocking him backward onto the bed.

"Oh, look at that wonderful cock," she said as she took it in hand, making him groan in pleasure as she stroked his erection. Once he reached full size, she reached back and unfastened her bra.

JJ gasped. Jacinda's mother's breasts were massive, easily the biggest he'd ever seen in real life. Unlike her daughter, they were pale compared to the rest of her skin. Clearly she did not tan in the nude, but that didn't detract from their allure.

Jacinda's mother climbed astride JJ and pushed one boob into his mouth as her other hand pulled her panties to the side and she began to screw herself onto his hard cock.

He pulled away from her breast. "Wait! We need a condom." He grabbed for his jeans and extracted the prophylactic. The older woman had managed to get half of his cock inside her by the time he pulled the rubber from its package. "Please?" he asked plaintively.

She sighed and dismounted. As she removed her panties, he slipped the rubber down his shaft, though he wasn't very experienced at it. Satisfied, he lay back and she began impaling herself on his erection again.

He had to admit, although it still felt pleasurable, there was a deadening of sensation due to the protective sheath. Still, it would be worth it to not knock up Jacinda's mother!

She leaned forward and once again shoved the nipple of one of her massive mammaries into his mouth. JJ dutifully sucked on it as she rode him.

After a few minutes she pulled off. "This is taking too long...my husband may investigate," she said as she pulled at the tip of the rubber. As JJ watched in horror, the condom stretched and, finally, snapped into her hand as it was pulled entirely off of his cock.

"Wait..." he began as she swung her legs across his hips again. She easily slipped him back inside her very hot and wet pussy, and was soon slamming herself down on him hard.

Then JJ noticed that the door was slightly open, and Jacinda was there, her mouth open in astonishment. Her mother, her back to the door, hadn't noticed. He waited for the senior to yell at her mother and break up this illicit coupling, but instead, the teen moved her hand down, under the waistband of her jeans. Her mouth remained open as she pleasured herself watching her mother fuck JJ unprotected.

This was too much for JJ. He grabbed the woman's hips as he came, pulling her down for maximum penetration as his youthful sperm was injected deep inside the fertile MILF. She, in turn, cried out as her own orgasm exploded within her, urging his seed to more adeptly penetrate her biological defenses. As JJ watched, Jacinda shook in her own orgasm, biting her knuckle to keep from crying out as she watched her mother be inseminated.

Finally, JJ rolled Jacinda's shaking mother to the side so he could dress. Jacinda was gone. He quickly escaped the house where in the last 8 hours he had possibly impregnated seven women.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)