Diving Naked
by Mary Kwite
Copyright© 2021 by Mary Kwite

Diving Naked 1

Kelly came from a diving family. Her mom and dad met during a diving competition. They both went to the Olympic trials but didn’t qualify. They had Kelly swimming before she could even walk. Diving had been part of her life for as long as she could remember. The diving genes were definitely passed along, since Kelly won every event she entered as a young diver.

Kelly always hit all her dives when she was younger. But, for some reason, she started having some trouble after age fourteen. This was an important time, since she would be old enough for the next Olympic trials in a couple of years. Her parents put a lot of pressure on her. She had a world-class coach who was a former Olympian herself. National Championships were coming and she really wanted to qualify for Nationals.

Kelly and her coach, Julie, had the pool to themselves for practice. Kelly’s parents paid top dollar for that. Kelly was struggling again. She stood at the edge of the ten-meter platform trying to focus on her dive. She was tugging at her diving suit, a nervous habit that started when her body started to develop. It wasn’t that she’d developed much, she wasn’t even an A-cup and the few hairs she had on her cunny, her mom said she should shave. Her nipples did grow, though. They poked out her diving suit. She was very self-conscious about them.

Julie watched as Kelly jumped off the platform and did a dive that she would score a 5.5 out of 10, at best. She met Kelly at the edge of the pool as she climbed up the ladder. Julie wrapped a towel around her prize athlete, feeling the pressure herself. Her divers had to win championships and Olympics if she were going to keep getting paid her exorbitant rates.

They stood face to face at the side of the pool as Julie tried to figure out what was going wrong all of a sudden. Kelly listened intently and nodded her head. She wanted to figure this out too so she could make her parents proud. Unconsciously, she kept tugging at her diving suit. Julie noticed this habit and decided to ask about it.

“Is there something wrong with your suit, Kelly? You keep fidgeting with it.” Julie asked.

“I don’t know, it’s just ... I ... It’s weird, I know. But...” Kelly stammered in reply. She didn’t really know how to explain it.

“I have an idea. It’s just the two of us here. Take your suit off and try a dive.”

“What!? You want me to dive naked?”

“Sure, I had a teammate that had a similar problem. Our coach had her try diving naked and it worked!”

Julie lied. That never happened. She was just out of ideas. It wasn’t that she wanted to see the girl naked. She’d seen her in the shower plenty of times. She just needed to get the girl back to doing dives that would score 10s.

“Really? She dove naked in practice?”

“Sure, it worked great!”

“I don’t know. It sounds weird. What if someone comes in?”

“I won’t let anyone in. Give it a try. You have nothing to lose.”

Kelly felt her nipples swelling and a twinge in her cunny as she decided to give it a try. She pulled her arms out of the shoulder straps of her diving suit and hesitated there for a moment. Her coach saw her naked all the time, but only in the locker room. This was different.

She took a deep breath and pushed her suit down to her ankles. She steadied herself with a hand on her coach’s shoulder as she stepped out of it.

“There!” Kelly said.

“OK. Well, go give it a shot. Do your round one dive.”

Kelly climbed up to the platform, her straight brown hair bouncing in its ponytail. It felt weird at first, climbing up the stairs. But she felt very comfortable when she got to the top. She stood at the back of the platform and envisioned her dive. She took a deep breath, walked toward the end of the platform, did a little hop, and dove off.

As soon as she hit the water, she knew that she nailed the dive. Julie was hopping up and down can clapping her hands. She was so happy, she forgot she was naked as she climbed out of the pool and gave her coach a wet hug.

“Oh my God!” Julie shouted, “That was awesome!”

She could hardly believe that her suggestion worked.

“Was it a 10? Do you think?” Kelly asked.

“Don’t get ahead of yourself. You still have work to do.”

Kelly did about 20 more dives naked, all of which would score nines or better. Then Julie had her put the diving suit back on. Kelly felt weird with the suit on but did 10 dives that would score in the sevens. Much better than earlier, for sure.

Neither coach nor athlete could believe that diving naked actually worked, but it did. Kelly was diving better after practicing naked.

After practice, Kelly ran into the locker room and straight to the bathroom stall. She pulled her suit down to her ankles, sat on the bowl and emptied her bladder. When she was done, she sat there and thought about diving naked. She felt a familiar itch between her legs and decided to scratch it before Julie got there.

She kicked her suit off her ankles and slid her finger between her slick cunny lips. She found her clitty and rubbed it hard.

Julie walked into the locker room and heard the moaning from the stall. She decided to stop and stay quiet. She saw Kelly’s feet from under the stall door. She had no doubt that the girl was masturbating. She watched Kelly’s feet go up on her toes and heard the girl moan through a big orgasm. Julie fought the urge to slide her fingers under her own shorts. The girl’s show turned her on, but she decided to wait until she got home to masturbate herself.

When Kelly calmed down from her orgasm, Julie felt it was safe to announce her presence.

“You did awesome today, Kelly,” Julie said.

She saw Kelly’s feet shuffle and slide back into her diving suit.

“Yea! That was great,” Kelly said as she finished in the stall and came out to get dressed.

“Kelly, we need to keep this between us, OK. I can get in trouble, and I don’t want you to be affected,” Julie said.

“W ... what? What’s a secret?” Kelly asked, thinking that Julie was talking about her masturbating in the stall.

“That you practice naked, silly!”

“Oh ... That ... Sure, no problem!”

And so, it went for the weeks leading up to the trials for Nationals. Whenever it was just the two of them in the pool, Kelly started her practice naked and then did some dives with her diving suit on. She got better and better each week. After practice, Julie listened to Kelly masturbate in the bathroom stall then went home and masturbated herself.

Kelly was proud of her improvement. But she knew she did her best dives naked. Her dives with her diving suit on were between 1 and 1.5 points lower. In the meets she competed in on the way to trials, she scored well enough to win, but knew she needed to be better to make it to Nationals.

Trials for Nationals arrived, and Kelly was nervous. The stands were completely full, and the event would be televised. It was the first time she would dive in front of TV cameras. Her parents were in the stands, and she was always a bit tense when diving in front of them. They put a lot of pressure on her.

Kelly made it through the first rounds and qualified for the final round. These next two dives would determine if she qualified for Nationals or not. She went to the platform for her first dive and her nervous habit of tugging at her swimsuit returned. She didn’t notice herself, but Julie did, and almost covered her eyes when Kelly started her dive.

The first dive scored 8.5s which was OK. But Kelly knew that she needed 9.5s on her second dive to qualify. Julie tried to calm Kelly’s nerves before the took to the stairs of the platform.

“OK. You got this. Just dive like you do every day in practice and you’re in,” the coach said.

Kelly went up the steps and stood at the back of the platform. The crowd was quiet, as is customary when a diver is on the platform. She noticed her parents in the stands and then looked over at the TV cameras. She couldn’t stop tugging at her diving suit. It just didn’t feel comfortable, and it was as distracting as ever.

“Just like every day in practice?” she said to herself.

She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Then she pulled her arms out of the shoulder straps of her diving suit, quickly pushed it down to her ankles, and stepped out of it. She opened her eyes as a murmur erupted from the crowd. She tossed her diving suit off the platform and stood, totally naked in front of everyone, getting ready to dive.

She looked at the TV cameras and realized that she was naked in front of the world. Then she looked at her parents who were just staring at her, open mouthed, as was Julie.

A buzzer sounded, which was a sign that the pool wasn’t safe for diving. Then a voice came over the loudspeaker.

“The diver will not dive and will immediately come down from the platform.”

Kelly was devastated. She thought she was disqualified. Then she realized that she tossed her diving suit off the platform and would have to go down the stairs naked in front of everyone. Her nipples swelled as big as ever and she felt her clitty throbbing. She felt totally humiliated but surprised that being exposed to the world was making her horny.

“I’m going down the platform and right into the locker room to masturbate,” she thought to herself, “I’ll deal with my parents and Julie later.”

When Kelly got to the bottom of the platform, Julie grabbed her by the hand and started dragging her away.

“Come with me and don’t say anything,” Julie said.

“Julie ... I’m naked!” Kelly said.

Kelly wasn’t embarrassed to be naked up on the platform, but she felt so totally humiliated now to be dragged around like a little girl totally naked. She felt everyone’s eyes looking at her flat chest and bald cunny.

“Yes, I can see that!”

Julie dragged Kelly over to the judge’s table.

“She’s disqualified, you know that, right? She can’t dive naked,” the head of the diving association, Mr. Jones, said.

“Wait!” Julie said, “she’s suffering from a mental illness and the rules say she must be accommodated. She has severe anxiety and diving naked relaxes her,” Julie explained.

Kelly just stood there quietly, still completely naked in front of everyone, as they argued. She wondered if she was still on TV.

Finally, Mr. Jones said, “Fine. We’ll let her dive naked, but the association will need to rule on the legality of it when they meet next week.”

Julie didn’t wait for them to change their minds and dragged Kelly back toward the platform.

On the way, Kelly’s parents stopped them.

“Kelly what are you doing? You’re naked!” her mom said.

“Get a towel for crying out loud. Cover yourself up!” her dad said.

“Mom, Dad, I just...” Kelly started to say.

Julie interrupted, “If she doesn’t dive now, she’s disqualified. None of us want that, right?”

“You mean she’s not already disqualified?” her mom said.

“No. They’re letting her dive naked!” Julie said, “but we need to go now!”

“Go ... go ... go...” mom and dad said, not wanting their Olympic dreams to end right there and then.

Kelly walked up the platform slowly, trying to collect her thoughts. When she got to the top, she got in position, closed her eyes, and took a deep breath. She pictured herself at practice about to dive with just Julie watching.

She knew from looking at her practice dives on video that his dive would expose her spread cunny and butthole to the judges, and to everyone on TV, if the camera was still on. Her nipples swelled and she felt juices running down her thighs. She’d never been so horny, but never so totally relaxed either.

Kelly opened her eyes and performed her dive. Just like that first naked dive in practice, when she hit the water, she knew she nailed it.

She climbed out of the pool and was met immediately by Julie who hugged her tight. She grabbed a towel to dry off but tossed it when she was done. She seemed to forget that she was totally naked in front of everyone.

They went over to the seating area where the divers waited for their scores. She sat there naked next to Julie. The TV camera was pointing at them, and the red light was on, so she knew that she was now totally naked on TV.

Kelly was shocked when her scores came in. She got all 10s which was more than enough for her to win the trials and advance to Nationals. She jumped up and hugged Julie again.

She found her parents and they all hugged each other tightly.

The TV announcer grabbed her by the shoulder and turned her around to face the camera, still completely naked! She felt her nipples swell even bigger and her clitty throbbed, begging for attention.

“Kelly, you won the trials with a completely naked dive. How did that come about?” the announcer asked.

“It just relaxes me. I’m glad the judges accepted a mental condition and let me dive.” Kelly said.

“When you first took your suit off, we had to stop rolling, but once the judges allowed you to dive, we were obligated to broadcast your dive. So, millions of viewers saw your perfect naked dive. How does that make you feel?”

“Well, I’m just so proud of myself. I want to thank my parents and my coach for all their help and support.”

“As you know, all dives are shot from multiple angles, and everyone saw slow motion replays of your dive. You were totally exposed as no one’s ever been on TV. Aren’t you embarrassed?”

“We shouldn’t be embarrassed about mental illness.”

“OK! Back to you, Jim!” the reporter said to the camera.

The camera turned its attention elsewhere.

“I think you’re very brave, Kelly!” the announcer said and patted Kelly’s bottom.

Kelly ran off to the locker room and had three big orgasms in the bathroom stall imagining that the interview continued:

“I bet everyone saw my spread butthole and clitty pretty good though, huh?”

“Uhhhh, well ... Yes, we did, in fact. How does that make you feel?”

“Really horny, actually. I can’t wait to get to the locker room so I can masturbate in the bathroom stall. Unless I can just do it here on TV?” She reached down and slid a finger over her slick slit.

“Well, I suppose it would help bring more awareness to mental illness. Yes, sure, go ahead and masturbate here in front of your coach, parents and millions of people at home.”

The Diving Association upheld the decision and Kelly’s score stood. She would be in the Nationals. She did all her dives naked and won nationals with the highest scores ever.

The national media took up Kelly’s story and held her up as a national hero for bringing awareness to mental illness. She was also considered a hero to those who felt the country’s attitude toward nudity was much too religiously conservative.

Other divers were complaining that Kelly had a scoring advantage. They argued that judges scored her dives higher just because she was naked. Eventually, the Diving Association changed their rules to allow nude diving.

Discussions were being held nation-wide by other sports associations and more rules changes are expected.


Diving Naked 2

Kelly had no idea what she started. Many of the female divers were now diving naked. Naked divers were, on average, scoring higher than divers that wore their diving suits in the year that followed Nationals. There were rumors that some countries were forcing their divers to dive naked or lose their spots on the team, but nothing was ever proven. Kelly won Nationals the following year, too, even though about half of the divers were diving naked.

This year were the Olympic trials. In the year between the last Nationals and Olympic trials, things changed a bit. It wasn’t so much that naked divers were scoring higher, but divers that wore suits were scoring lower. Also, it was clear that divers with no pubic hair were scoring higher, as well. So, there wasn’t a pubic hair to be found among the naked divers now. But with so much competition, diving naked and bald was no longer enough to win events. Pressure was on for trials.

Naked diving made its way to men’s diving, as well. There, the higher scores went to divers who dove with erections. Surprisingly, among those the highest scores went the divers with the smallest dicks. The thinking is that these divers are overcoming the humiliation of their small, hairless dicks.

Johnny was the last diver at the men’s trial. He always dove with a diving suit on because he was embarrassed by his body. At 16 years old, he is small of stature and an extremely small dick, since he suffers from a medical condition commonly known as micro-penis. He has almost no ball sack and all you can see of his dick is a small wrinkle of foreskin. His mother, who is also his coach, had tried to get him to dive naked to promote awareness of his condition, to no avail.

Johnny was behind and knew he had to score high. For his last dive, he walked to the ladder, took a deep breath, and pulled his diving suit down and kicked it off. Oddly, the crowd fell silent when he walked out onto the platform, and they saw his almost non-existent penis. Johnny got into position for his dive and pulled his foreskin back to reveal his rock-hard, half-inch dick to the world. His thinking was that they needed to see his dick for him to get high scores, not just the foreskin. He did his whole dive while jerking his little dick between his thumb and finger, ejaculating as he splashed into the water.

He scored all 10s and advanced to the Olympics. He met his mom for the post-dive interview.

Since nude diving became the rage, the TV network didn’t want to be outdone. They hired a sexy raven-haired reporter, Gina Molina, to do poolside interviews. She had DD tits and wore a sexy little red dress that displayed plenty of cleavage and thigh.

“Wow, Johnny! Perfect scores! You’re an Olympian. How does that feel?” Gina asked.

Johnny started to respond, but his mom jumped in.

“Johnny is very excited to promote awareness of micro-penis. When he was younger, doctors tried to prescribe him medications to make his penis grow, but I refused to let them. He has a beautiful little dicky!” she said.

“Uh, thanks Mom. But Johnny, how do you feel?”

“I’m still humiliated to have such a small penis,” Johnny blushed and stared at his feet as he answered, “But somehow, once I was naked up there, I got horny. That’s when I decided to jerk on the way down.”

Mom interrupted again, “And we all saw how perfectly his little dicky works. Yes, he is very sensitive and ejaculates very quickly, but that’s all part of this awareness campaign.”

“You seem to have very intimate knowledge of Johnny’s genitals and sexual responses? How did that come about? Some people may find that a bit ... creepy!”

“Oh! ... Well ... I... “ Mom stuttered, “It’s just that Johnny spent a lot of time with doctors, and I need to be involved on a daily basis with his ... well ... development. You see, since his testicles are so tiny...”

“Mom! That’s enough! Let’s go!” Johnny said and headed for the locker room.

On the woman’s side, Kelly climbed up the ladder and out of the pool after her first dive at trials. She waived to the crowd as she padded, naked, over to hug her coach. Her dive got 8s and 8.5s. She hurried back to the locker room, since she couldn’t wait to get into the stall to masturbate, which she did after each naked dive, now. On her way, she was stopped by a push at her shoulder. It was her rival, Paula.

This was Paula’s second attempt at trials. She missed making the Olympics four years ago and was 19 years old now. The tall, thin blonde was one of the divers that refused to dive naked.

“Hey slut!” Paula said

“What do you want, Paula? Aren’t you supposed to be diving right now?” Kelly replied.

“Yea, but why don’t you wait here and watch my dive before you go into there to finger your pussy?”

“What are you talking about?” Kelly blushed.

“Everyone knows what you do. You expose yourself to the whole world, making it seem like you’re some kind of champion of the mentally ill. Then you go into the locker room make yourself cum. It’s no secret! You totally just want to get off!”

“What-Ever!”

Kelly tried to move around Paula, but the older diver grabbed her by the elbow.

“I said stay and watch. You may learn something.” Paula said and headed to the platform.

Kelly decided to wait and see what Paula was talking about.

Paula climbed up the platform and waited to be introduced. When her name was called, she stepped to the middle of the platform, grabbed the neck of her diving suit and ripped it off in one pull. Then she did what could only be described as a stripper routine up and down the platform. She strutted back and forth, winked, squeezed her B-cup tits, and even bent all the way over with her legs spread, exposing her pussy and asshole.

Everyone was watching Paula, so Kelly took the opportunity to finger her own horny pussy while she watched. She wouldn’t have to run to the stall this time, since she had a nice orgasm right at the pool.

When Paula’s show was over, she did a rather ordinary dive that got good scores.

Some of the other divers tried to copy Paula’s strip routine, but none were as prepared, so their attempts were not successful at swaying the judges.

14-year-old Annie was permitted to dive in trials, since she’d be 15 when the Olympics start. She dove naked for the first time at trials. She has a girl’s body, with barely noticeable bumps on her chest and tiny nipples. She did her final dive while spreading her naturally bald pussy and butt cheeks, rather than tucking by grabbing her ankles. Everyone could see her tiny clit and her milky pussy juice as she somersaulted before the cameras.

She jumped out of the pool to loud cheers, especially from her mom and dad, who were so proud of their little girl. Annie seemed so happy to be naked in front of the world for her interview with her parents.

“You really went for it with your new take on the tuck position. What made you think of that move?” Gina asked.

“I’m always embarrassed by my girlish body, and I really didn’t want to dive naked. But I knew that I would have to here in the trials. I knew I had to score high on my last dive, so I needed to do something extra. I thought of the new move while I was up on the platform. I thought it would help me get a high score, PLUS it was a great chance to show off my embarrassing tiny little clitty.”

“Let me show you the replay here, we can see this milky substance coming from your vagina. Were you sexually aroused during your dive?”

“Oh my gosh! Yes! It makes me so horny ... oops! Can I say ‘horny’ on TV?”

“You just did. Mom how are you feeling right now?”

“I’m so proud of Annie,” mom answered, “she’s so brave. I can’t tell you how many times she cried in my arms about her girlish body. But she just showed everyone what she could do.”

“And dad, certainly it must be difficult seeing your daughter naked and aroused like this. After all, she’s only 14!”

“Well, before today, I haven’t seen her naked in ten years or more. At first, I was against this whole nude diving thing. But after today, seeing her performance, I changed my mind. I couldn’t be more proud!”

“Annie, do you think you’ll make the Olympic team?” Gina asked.

“I hope so. I’m looking forward to showing my little clitty to the whole world! I can’t believe how horny it made me. I think I might even have my first orgasm later!”

Mom chimed in, “Oh, Baby. You never had an orgasm? Maybe I’ll let you use my vibrators when we get home.”

“And what does dad think about that?”

“No problem here. She earned it. I’ll buy my daughter all the vibrators she needs!”

When the trials ended, Kelly didn’t make it. Paula’s strip routine and Annie’s little clit took the day.

By the time the Olympics started, not all countries had adopted nude diving. But it was now legal in the Olympics, so all divers would be permitted to dive naked. No one was really sure which divers from non-nude diving countries we would see naked for the first time in the Olympics.

Natash, the leading diver for Russia, expressed her disgust over the nude diving. Nude diving was banned in Russia in response to her objections. She is a superior diver and would be considered a favorite to medal in the Olympics. Unlike most divers, she is tall and voluptuous.

“I will show the world that a diver can be sexy and win at the same time, without a disgusting display of inappropriate nudity,” she was quoted as saying in the weeks before the Olympics.

Natasha shocked the crowd when she emerged from the locker room wearing matching satin black bra and panties with black, thigh high stockings. She kicked off her heels before she went up the stairs to the platform. The crowd roared when she strutted up and down the platform, expecting that she would succumb to pressure and strip naked for her dive.

They were disappointed as she went to the edge of the platform and dove off.

Her dive was excellent and under normal circumstances should have scored very highly. But in the world of nude diving, no one knew how her lingerie dive would be received by the judges.

The underwater camera revealed that her lingerie was not made to withstand such a forceful entry into the water. Her bra and panties slid down her body and completely off. She swam over to the platform and started up the ladder, unaware of what had happened.

Her spectacular tits emerged from the water to loud cheers from the crowd. The 17-year-old Russian diver had firm D-cup tits with long, thick nipples. The crowd fell silent as Natasha stepped out of the pool, revealing not a pussy, but four-inch dick! It was now clear to the whole world why she was so adamantly opposed to nude diving.

At first, Natasha didn’t realize that she was standing in front of the whole world in just her thigh-high stockings. She scanned the crowd with a confused look on her face. Then she looked down to see that she was naked. Immediately, she picked up one knee and shot her left hand down to cover her dick while her left arm tried to cover her massive tits.

She tried to run to the locker room, but her coach stopped her. The coach reminded Natasha that, by rule, she must wait at the pool for her scores and then conduct an interview. If not, she would be disqualified.

When she turned to face the judges, the head of her now fully erect penis poked out from behind her hand. Realizing that trying to cover up now, was useless. She lowered her head and stood next to her coach with her hands at her sides.

An announcement came over the loudspeakers, “Ladies and gentlemen. There will be a delay in announcing the scores for the Russian diver. The circumstances are being reviewed by the committee.”

The coach pulled Natasha over to Gina Molina. Today, Gina wore a tiny white dress that was a bit transparent. Her dollar-sized areolae were clearly visible.

“Natasha, that was a perfect dive, but that’s clearly not the news of the day. What do you have to say about your obviously aroused penis?”

Natasha spoke through a translator, “The Russian government did this to me. Please! I wish to defect to the United States!”

“Interview is over!” The coach said and pulled Natasha away.

They were met by two large Russian men who took Natasha by the arms and dragged her out of the pool area kicking and screaming.

China, a country that did not allow nude diving, had the next diver. Wei is a 24-year-old diving veteran, competing in her third Olympics. She would be the clear gold medal favorite this year. She emerged from the locker room wearing a short, red robe. When she arrived at the steps to the platform, she removed the robe, exposing her naked body for the first time.

Her B-cup tits bounced as she quickly climbed the steps. When she got to the top, the world could see that she shaved her pussy bald. She didn’t do any sexy dancing but prepared for her dive in a very professional manor. He walked to the edge of the platform and put her hands down on the edge to begin her handstand dive.

It was when her legs were straight up in the air that she did something no one expected. She spread her legs wide and then bent her knees forward. Her pussy opened up to expose her small, wet inner lips and erect clit. Her pink asshole winked as she struggled to maintain the strenuous position. After a moment, she straightened back up and performed a flawless dive.

She received high scores and, in her interview, she spoke in a business-like manner, saying that the Chinese people expect her to do what it takes to achieve the highest scores and win a gold medal.

In the locker room, Wei dropped the professional demeanor.

“Please. You must let me cum. I’m so horny,” she begged her coach.

“Nonsense! You know full well what the Chinese research has shown. No orgasms for you until you win the gold medal.”

“No! I can’t wait any longer. It’s been weeks and weeks!”

“You will obey the government, and so will I.”

“How can you do this to me. I’m so horny!”

“Exactly. The hornier you are, the more motivated you will be do dive well. Now get back into our private room so we can start teasing you for your next dive.”

“Please! Don’t tease me anymore! I’m already as horny as I’ve ever been!”

“Don’t be ridiculous. Now get back there so we can tie you up and relentlessly tease your nipples, pussy, and asshole, keeping you on the edge until it’s time for your next dive.”

Back out at the pool, Darnya, the 16-year-old Ukrainian diver entered the pool area wearing her diving suit. Ukraine is another non-nude diving country and it appeared that Darnya would not be diving naked. The crowd murmured their disapproval as the stunning 16-year-old blonde made her way to the platform with her coach pleading at her side.

When Darnya got to the steps, her coach turned her around and grabbed her by the elbows. They argued for a minute before the coach grabbed Darnya’s diving suit by the shoulder straps and yanked it down to the girl’s knees. Darnya covered her B-cup tits and pussy with her hands as the coach made her step out of the diving suit, tears forming in her eyes.

She got to the platform where the world could see a light dusting of blonde pubic hair that did nothing to hide her puffy mound and outer pussy lips. She was openly crying now as she prepared to do her dive. She strode down the platform and did a little hop before diving off.

Her dive was disastrous from the second she left the platform. She tumbled awkwardly all the way down and hit the water sideways. Obviously, she was distracted by being forced to strip naked in front of the world.

She swam over to the ladder, climbed out, and quickly ran over to her coach. Her tears were gone, and she was clearly now one enraged Ukrainian. The coach, another red-hot Ukrainian woman, tried to calm Darnya down but clearly failed.

“You like me naked, huh? How do you like to be naked?” Darnya said and yanked her coach’s yoga pants and panties down to her knees.

The coach fell over and Darnya pulled off her sneakers and tugged the pants and panties completely off. The coach reached down to cover her naked pussy. That gave Darnya the opportunity to pull her sports bra off, revealing her C-cup tits and thick, pink nipples. Now diver and coach were completely naked.

Darnya fell on top of her coach, facing her feet. She spread the woman’s legs and slapped at her pussy.

“No! What are you doing?” The coach yelled.

“Your naked pussy needs to be punished for what you did to me. Look! You’re soaking wet! You horny slut. No wonder you wanted me naked.”

“Please stop! I ... I’m gonna CUM! Aaaaaa ... mmmmmm” The coached moaned in orgasm in front of the whole world.

The security was busy keeping the crowd under control and didn’t try to separate the two. Darnya continued her assault on her coach’s pussy. The coach stopped struggling and spread her legs wide to allow Darnya to spank it as she came again. Darny pushed back so that her pussy was in her coach’s face.

“Lick it! Lick it, you fucking slut!” Darnya yelled and her coach obeyed.

Darnya’s mother broke away from security, ran over to her daughter, and pushed her off of her coach.

“DARNYA!” her mother yelled. “What are you doing?”

“You knew about this, didn’t you, Mom?” Darnya said and pushed her mother into the pool.

The coach ran to the locker room as Darnya’s mother climbed out of the pool. Her ruined dress clung to her sexy Ukrainian body. Darnya didn’t give her mother a chance to recover. She grabbed her dress and yanked it until her mom fell on the floor as her dress tore completely off in Darnya’s hands.

Mom stood back up in her lacy, pink bra and matching thong panties. She kicked her soaked heels off and ran at her daughter. They wrestled each other and Darnya managed to tear off the thong and wrestle her mother’s saggy D-cup titties out of her bra.

“Does it make you horny too to see your daughter naked in front of the world? How do you like it?” Darnya said.

She reached between her mother’s legs and sank two fingers into her soaking wet pussy.

“Mmmmmmmmm...” Mom moaned and sank to her knees.

Darnya got behind her mom, pushed her face down to the floor and fingered her pussy and asshole.

“Yea! That’s what you like! You’re such a slut for your daughter!” Darnya said, “Don’t you cum yet, you fucking whore. Get on your back.”

Mom was stunned and so totally turned on by her dominant daughter that she rolled over and spread her legs. Darnya got down on the floor and pushed her pussy into her mother’s. Mother and daughter humped pussies together until they both had big orgasms.

Finally, security got around to separating the catfight and pulled the two apart. Mother and daughter were dragged to the locker room, yelling clawing at each other.

Darnya’s dive got all zeros, ending her Olympic medal dream.

In the end, Wei got the bronze medal, which was a clear disappointment to her and her country.

Paula’s strip routines earned her the silver medal. She got more and more raunchy with her routines with each dive. On her last dive she fingered her pussy and asshole to orgasm on the platform in front of the world before her dive.

Little 15-year-old Annie took the gold. Apparently, the judges loved her little clitty and she showed it off and fingered it on each dive.

Annie and her mom went over to Gina Molina for their interview.

“Well, Annie you won the gold medal, how do you feel?” The sexy reporter asked.

“I think I owe it all to my horny little clitty. It’s so tingly right now.” Annie said.

“Speaking of that, did you ever...? You know...? Have an orgasm?”

“No! We tried everything and I just can’t do it!”

“Oh! That’s too bad. Mom, in your last interview at trials, you said you would help Annie out with this. What went wrong?” Gina asked Annie’s mom.

“Ugh! I don’t know. We tried every kind of vibrator and sex toy on her. She gets really hot when something’s vibrating in her butt, but she just can’t get over the top. She rode the sybian like a rodeo cowboy, but she just can’t cum!” Mom replied, “The only thing we don’t do is insert anything in her vagina. She doesn’t want her cherry broken, yet.”

“That’s too bad. Annie, what do you think the problem is?”

“I don’t know, but I’m never more horny than when I’m naked here at the pool in front of the TV cameras,” Annie said, “If I saw you naked, that would make me even more horny.”

“Oh! Well ... I don’t think ... What’s that? ... Oh! I can? ... Well, Annie, our producer said that I could get naked right here for you! Wait ... What? You want me to be naked for the whole Olympics?” Gina said as she listened to her producer in her earpiece.

“Yeah! Naked!” Annie said, jumping up and down, clapping her hands.

Gina put her microphone down, pulled her arms out of her shoulder straps and dropped her dress to the floor, revealing that she didn’t have a stitch of underwear on. Except for her heels, she was completely naked. Her D-cup tits stood proud and showed no sign of sag. She had large brown areolae and thick, half-inch long nipples.

She spread her legs and struck a pose. The crowd roared in approval as her shaved pussy came into full view. Her lips were thick and dark, and her erect clit poked out naturally.

“I think you can see that all this watching naked girls all day has me pretty horny too,” Gina said as she picked up her microphone, “Is this helping Annie?”

“Oh my gosh! It’s so helping. My little clitty is throbbing. I’ve never been so horny.” Annie said.

“I have a surprise,” Mom said and held up a blue gym bag, “I brought your toys!”

“Wow! Are we really gonna do this?” Annie asked, “Right on TV!”

“What do you think, ladies and gentlemen?” Gina asked the crowd.

The crowd roared in response and a “Do it!” chant started.

Annie laid on her back and pulled her knees up to either side of her head. Her spread pussy and asshole were completely exposed, as was her cute little button clitty. She was spread so wide that even her cherry was visible. Annie liked this position since her flat chest and girlish nipples were also in-view.

“You have to help me,” Mom said to Gina, “you fuck her asshole with these vibrating anal beads while I use this vibrator on her little clitty.”

“Oooooo!” Gina cooed and squatted between Annie’s legs.

Mom started vibrating Annie’s clit while Gina made a show of lubing up the vibrating anal beads. She placed the tip against Annie’s pink asshole and pushed it in slowly a bead at a time.

“Oh my Gosh! That feels sooooo goooood...” Annie moaned as Gina slowly moved the beads in and out.

Mom reached over and slid a finger between Gina’s soaking wet pussy lips and rubbed her clit.

“Mmmmmm...” Gina moaned, “you’re such a naughty mommy. I love it!”

This went on for a minute or two, but Annie still didn’t get off. Her dad ran down from the crowd and grabbed Gina’s microphone.

“I know what she needs!” Dad said to the crowd, “She needs her cherry broken!”

“Break it! Break it! Break it!” the crowd chanted.

Annie was panting, she was right on the edge but couldn’t get over it. She knew her body was trying, but just couldn’t do it.

“Yes! Break it! Break it right now if front of everyone!” Annie screamed, “Gina, I want you to do it!”

All Gina could do was nod her head and hump her pussy against Mom’s fingers. Dad grabbed a big black dildo out of the bag, lubed it up, and handed it to Gina.

“We’ve been saving this one for a special occasion!” Dad said before positioning the microphone where all the girl’s voices could be heard.

Gina put the tip of the dildo against Annie’s little pussy hole. The thought of breaking Annie’s cherry with a giant dildo and making her cum for the first time had her close to cumming, herself. She held the base of the dildo with one hand while she continued to fuck the vibrating anal beads in and out of Annie’s asshole.

Gina pushed the dildo in until she felt the resistance of Annie’s cherry. She paused for a moment there and moved her hips forward so Mom’s fingers slid up her asshole. When she started to cum, she pushed the dildo all the way up Annie’s little pussy.

Annie’s body froze with her mouth wide open, not making a sound while the dildo slid in, broke her cherry, and scratched the itches she had deep inside. It hurt like hell, but it felt so good at the same time. When the dildo hit her cervix, it finally happened. Her body exploded in front of the whole world. Fluid gushed out of Annie’s pussy as she squirted her cum all over Gina.

Gina had a second, huge orgasm as Annie’s 15-year-old girl cum splashed all over her face and chest.

“You did it! You did it, Baby!” Mom screamed as she continued to press the vibrator on Annie’s little clitty and push her finger up Gina’s asshole.

“Yes! Wooo!” Dad screamed.

Annie’s body stayed frozen in place as she ejaculated four more big squirts all over Gina. Her body finally jerked, and she slammed her hands down on to the floor, keeping her legs up and spread. The waves of her first orgasm subsided and she dropped her legs. Gina rolled over onto the floor panting.

The crowd chanted, “Ann EE! Ann EE! Ann EE!”

Once everyone calmed down. Gina got to her feet and grabbed her microphone from Dad. She looked at the camera with her chest, face, and hair covered in girl cum.

“And that’s in from the pool.”

