12:00 AM - 1:30 AM

You've got Stanley Butters to visit still, and you figure it's maybe time to pop on over. Focus on some work instead of your own head for a while. You cut through the cemetery and hike over the half-wall along the south side. It's only about ten blocks away, and you make it there before you know it.

Three houses down, you see a man come out of the house whose address is written on the paper in your hand. Down beneath the address is a quickly jotted down description of Stanley, and, yeah, it matches. He's short and thin-boned, like a hard wind will tumble him down the street, and he's balding. The glasses are too big for his thin face, and they keep slipping down his nose.

You scoot to the side, and try to decide between confronting him now, or letting him go so that you can poke around inside his house. But then you see his left hand. Actually, you see what's in his left hand and you shove the paper back in your jeans pocket.

You reach him as he's unlocking his car. Spin him around and slam him against the side of the vehicle. He's shorter than you are. A lot shorter. You glare down at him and then pry the Orb of Thessulah out of his hand and shove it into your coat pocket--and, damn, the pockets are nice and roomy. Bonus.

"So," you say casually. "What exactly were you planning on doing with that?"

"You're hurting me," he cries out.

You roll your eyes and grab a hold of his coat and slam him back against the car again. "That would be the point. Hurting you. A lot worse, if you don't give me an answer."

His glasses are slipping down his face, and you get a look at his eyes. Desolate. Tear-filled. "Give it back," he whispers. "I need it."

"Why?" Another slam against the car when he doesn't answer right away, but it doesn't get him talking. "Fine. We can go back to the hurting."

His body starts shaking when you slip the knife into view, and it takes everything in you not to drop it and run away in a panic. This is not like it used to be. You are not like you used to be. And the nausea you're feeling is proof of that.

The blade comes to rest against his throat and you look him up and down. "Don't seem like a champion mojo-maker. Do you even know what the orb is for?"

"Yes, and I need it. You don't understand..."

No, you don't, and that's the goddamn point. "Right. You've got a really important reason to trap some poor soul's...well, soul," you finish awkwardly. "Let's have it."

"Not trap," Stanley corrects you, a fanatical light coming to his pale green eyes. "Transport. You have to let me go."

You frown and press the knife harder against his throat, just a shade more pressure and you'll be drawing blood. "Talk, and make it good."

"I need it for Gina," he says earnestly. "For my Gina."

And he collapses back against the car, the earnestness gone and replaced with...loss. You don't know how else to describe the look, and you don't really know how to handle it, either. This kind of thing is Tara's territory. The understanding and shit.

"Why does Gina need it?" you ask cautiously.

But Stanley shakes his head. "I...you...I'll show you. And then you'll see. And you'll understand why."

He's broken. You know the signs. Broken people do desperate things. Really desperate things. You would know, wouldn't you? Just like you know that normal people can't even begin to fathom or guess at what the hell they might be. You've got a really bad feeling about Stanley's Gina. He's not going to be able to tell you, only show you. And unless you let him, you won't ever figure it out--you're not broken anymore, even if you're not entirely whole.

The knife moves away from his neck, and you nod slowly. "Show me." He tries to get in his car, and you shake your head. "Gimme the keys."

There are some bungee cords in the trunk and you bind his hands behind him, then wrap the slack around his torso so that his arms are pinned to his side. He's gone into some kind of shock or something, and you get him into the passenger seat easily enough.

After you start the car and pull out onto the street you look at him. He's about as close to huddled as he can get, what with the way you've got him trussed. His voice is flat and dead when he gives you the first direction--make a right at the stop sign--and you decide against pushing him to just give you the destination. It's probably easier on him to take it in small steps, and if you can keep him somewhat in his head, you'll have a better chance of sorting this out.

There's a nagging, sickening, clenching of your stomach when he tells you to turn right on Amelia St.

You can see it in the distance. The blocky structure. The bright entrance signs. No. No. And, no.

"You need to bear--"

Yes. Yes. And, yes. Fuck.

"To the right," you whisper, mouth dry. "I know."

Your hands are white around the knuckles as you steer the car towards that building, and pull into the parking lot. You jerk into a parking spot so suddenly that Stanley tips to the side. You turn off the car and just stare at the hospital.

You want to give Stanley the orb and walk away. You want to crush the orb and snap Stanley's neck. You want to curl into a ball and spend a while shaking like a loser. Basically, you don't know what the fuck you want to do.

Without turning away from the hospital, you take out the knife and cut the bungee around his torso. "Try anything and you'll die," you tell him. "Let's go."

There are vague, almost shapeless explanations in your head for why Stanley has brought you here, and you swallow thickly and wrap your arms around your waist. What you wouldn't give for Tara right about now. Tara at your side, forcing your arms away from your body so that she can hold your hand. And Spike. Spike at your back, ready to kick you in the ass if you start to falter. Fuck.

Inside, the bile climbs up your throat the instant you inhale. It doesn't matter that you're breathing through your mouth now; you've already smelled it. Hospital. It's like acid in your throat.

You follow Stanley like a zombie to the elevator, and when it starts to move he looks at the floor and says, "You're the Slayer, aren't you?"

It startles you, and you spin towards him. He lifts his eyes and turns that stare on you.

"I heard about you. When I was looking for..." He gestures in the general direction of your pocket. "Heard about a lot of things," he finishes softly.

No doubt. You have no idea where he got the orb, but you figure he had to have hit the demon underground because the Magic Box is the only legitimate place to get one in Sunnydale.

The elevator stops and he doesn't move. You hold the doors open and almost change your mind and let them close when you see the sign. It's the goddamn children's ward. Fuck fuck fuck. Stanley rouses himself finally and stumbles past you, and the two of you walk down the longest hallway ever. Seems like it takes fifteen minutes to get to the end, and during the trip you remember just how much fun life has gutting you every chance it gets. So you're not surprised when you see the little girl on the bed, and hear Stanley telling you that she's in a coma.

She's behind a glass wall, and she's all alone; none of the beds on either side of her are occupied. There are all sorts of tubes going in and out of her, some with bags at the end, others with beeping machines.

Her brown hair is limp and oily against the white of her pillow. Her skin is pale, so very pale. Not much sun in there for her to soak up. None at all, really. She's got Stanley's bone structure, all thin bird-like bones, but they look pretty on her. Delicate.

Your throat is like sandpaper and it hurts to talk. "What...what happened to her?"

Stanley touches a hand to the glass, and you turn away from Gina to look at him. Someone's home again. Someone who remembers that he didn't used to be broken. "Car accident. Diane--my wife--she died. Gina's been like this ever since. I want my little girl back, not trapped somewhere alone and scared."

You finger the orb through the soft leather of your coat. "She's not," you breathe. "She's just...it's like sleeping, before the dreams come."

He looks at you. "How do you know that?"

"Eight months. That's how long it was for me. Woke up and didn't even know I'd been in one."

His gaze goes to Gina again. "Could you hear people? They say she can..."

You shrug. "Dunno. Wasn't anyone around to talk to me. But if they had...it would have gotten through."

That's just bullshit. You don't know or believe any such thing. A part of you is well aware that your opinion might be a protective one--it doesn't matter that there was no one to talk to you, because you wouldn't have heard it anyway.

You don't remember much from those months; it really was like that empty sleep that precedes dreams. Though, you actually did have a couple of dreams, which you've decided were Slayer dreams that couldn't be avoided even in a coma. It was nothingness, but it was only frightening after you got out.

You woke up in some hidden away room, cuffed to the bed like the fugitive you were, and it felt like a day or a century had passed. And, oh god, you were so fucking cold that your teeth chattered for hours, enamel clacking against enamel in tune to the beat of your frantic heartbeat. And tired--you would have slept for a week straight if you hadn't been all turned around.

Your fingers leave the orb and you watch the tears spill down Stanley's face. Crying could be bad or good. You've yet to figure out the subtleties of it. He rests his forehead against the glass and takes in a shuddering breath.

"I miss them both so much. It should have been me. Not them."

Survivor's guilt. You and Tara have talked about it because she's been through it. It's a bitch. You felt it yourself when you found out Wilkins was dead when you woke up. And, hey, you've just noticed that he also gets last name only treatment. Damn.

"It's not up to you," you tell him. "All you can do is talk to her. Let her hear you. Be here when she wakes up."

"They don't think she's going to," he chokes out. "It's been over a year and she hasn't changed. Nothing's changed."

"You talk to her," you say again. "And you let her go if you have to. When you can."

He breaks down, and there's nothing you can do for him except fix what he's already done and keep him from doing anything else. The rest...it's all on him to deal with himself. The two of you move to the chairs a few feet away and sit down. There's a newspaper on the seat next to you, and the headline catches your eye. Stanley doesn't notice it, but your eyes stay planted firmly on it as you ask him, "How old is Gina?"

"She'll be six next month."

You've been torn by two conflicting reactions before, but never like you are right this second. On the one hand, you get it. You get it to the point that you think it's right. On the other hand, you're so fucking angry and disgusted that you have to clench your hands into fists to keep from tearing Stanley's head off his shoulders.

Neither of those options are viable (from the Latin, vita, meaning life and word of the day three months from now--sometimes you read ahead), and you don't know what the fuck to do. It's such a bad idea, the one you know Stanley has come up with. So fucking bad. He knows it too, because he's not a bastard, just a man who's lost too fucking much.

Angel got through to you because he understood where you were coming from. You understand where Stanley's coming from, but you don't really have any experiences you can bring up to demonstrate it. Plus, it's not about Stanley. It's about Gina. That? Yeah, you've got experiences you can bring up. But they don't really translate well since Gina's an innocent girl, and you were, uh, not an innocent girl.

Well, then. You'll just have to make some shit up, won't you? You're pretty good at that.

You start off with, "I was angry when I woke up. And I did something...creepy. And really stupid. And did I mention creepy already? Because it was." He's not really paying attention to you, so you'll have to drop the bomb now. Screw the lead up. "I switched bodies with someone."

His head snaps around and he's gaping at you, his eyes wide and panicked because you've caught on to what he's up to.

"But who I was?" you continue. "It wasn't just in my soul, or my memories. It was in my body too. Scars I have. The way my eyes droop a little. Texture of my hair. Shape of my hands. I didn't realize that until then. Bodies aren't just packages, you know? Not just shells."

Stanley looks down again, and you glance at the headline. Six Year Old Julie Thompson Missing.

"Gina's going to be confused, and she'll go insane," you state plainly, glad to see Stanley flinch. "And Julie's parents are going to spend the rest of their lives the way you are now. And somehow I don't think Diane will look down and be pleased about any of it."

"Oh, god," Stanley whispers, the realization of the consequences settling on his face, leaving him horrified and pretty damn freaked out. "What have I done?"

You suck in a breath. Okay, yeah, so there goes the hope that he hadn't actually gotten around to doing anything yet. "Where is she? Where's Julie?" you ask sharply.

Stanley lets out a tremulous breath. "She's at my house."

You get to your feet. "Let's go."

You're determined on your way out, and Stanley is still horrified as he trails after you.

"I'm a monster," he whispers when you get into the car. He's not tied up again because the bungee is useless, and you don't really think it's necessary any longer.

"You're not a monster," you refute and start the car. "You just love too hard. It's not a crime."

"Kidnapping is."

Yeah, so it is. You back out of the spot and point the car in the direction of the parking lot's exit. You've apparently unleashed something in Stanley, because he's talking now.

"She never saw me. She was playing in her backyard. Alone. I read the words and I had the orb in my hand. Then I just walked up behind her and touched her back. She crumpled."

You can't listen to this. If he goes on much longer you're going to run out of your very limited store of understanding. "Stop talking," you snap. "Just be quiet."

He doesn't say another word during the drive, and then you're both walking up the porch steps. His hands are shaking when he unlocks the front door and flips on a light. The interior of the house is like an advertisement for Martha Stewart Living. And you aren't going to think about how you know about Martha Stewart. But you do, and it does.

In the living room, you see the cute black-haired girl lying on the sofa. Julie doesn't look anything like Gina; Stanley was probably more concerned with getting the age right, rather than appearance.

She could be sleeping, but there's...an absence in her body. Even when Spike goes all creepy still there's still a sense of...something. Life of some sort. And it's missing in Julie. There's no sense of anything coming from her body. She might as well be dead.

Stanley picks up a piece of paper from the coffee table and holds out his hand for the orb. Yeah, right. You arch a brow and hold out your own hand. "I'll do it."

He reluctantly hands it over. There are three separate paragraphs, each with their own heading. It looks like Latin. You don't understand more than the odd word, but you could speak it and be understood. Much to your dismay, you've actually picked up a few things during your tenure on the Hellmouth, and correct Latin pronunciation is one of them.

But, three paragraphs. One to remove a soul and store it in the orb, one to remove a soul to the ether, and one to put a soul into a body? Seems like a good guess, but you're not leaving Julie's soul in the hands of your guess. Your cell has a camera in it. Even though you and the others are all on the same plan, yours is the only one that has that nifty feature. That's because your phone got crushed to bits by a Y'Fow demon last week, and when you went to get it replaced, you found out they stopped making your old model. Tara's supposed to get everyone else upgraded next week.

You snap a picture of the paper and email it to Olson's home computer, then hit the two button combo for his apartment. Josh answers, sounding entirely wide-awake. "I emailed you a picture. I need Olson to do a quick and dirty translation."

He groans. "Any cue at all what obscure demon language it might be?"

"Latin."

"Oh. That'll be quick, then. He'll call when he's got something done."

You hang up without saying goodbye, and Olson calls back before you can clip the phone to your belt again. "I'm assuming you're with Mr. Butters?" he says archly. "You were supposed to call."

"Yell at me later," you mumble. "Translate now."

"No need. Josh researched various ways the orb could be used earlier today, so we already have information on this particular set of spells."

That makes things a whole lot easier. "What do they do?"

He confirms what you already guessed, and you find out that the third paragraph is the one that will send Julie's soul back into her body.

"What is the situation with Butters?" Olson asks when he's done explaining.

"I'll let you know once I do."

You hang up, not quite sure why you didn't tell Olson about everything, and with the nagging suspicion that you're not going to. Stanley eyes are focusing anywhere but at Julie, and he's got a look about him that you think you recognize. He looks like you felt when you finally shattered to pieces in an alley in Los Angeles. It's a sucky thing, shattering like that. But it's the only way a person can put himself back together again.

There's a small pad and a pen on the end table next to the couch. You might be about to do a really stupid or a really good thing. You're not sure that it matters which it is, because you don't think there's really anything else that you can do. Or, actually, anything else that you're willing to do.

You scribble down a name and address and then you approach Stanley. He's sitting on the loveseat, head in his hands, and you offer him the address, which he takes with confusion.

"Raymond White?" he reads.

"He's a psychiatrist," you tell him. "Knows all about those things you found out about, too. So, you know, he won't toss you in a padded cell when you talk about them."

Stanley studies you carefully. "I don't understand. They said you'd kill me if you found out."

You sigh heavily. "You're in a bad place, and you need help. I'm giving you a chance to get it." You narrow your eyes and point at him. "You only get one."

He shakes his head and tries to give back the address. "I kidnapped--"

"Look," you interrupt impatiently. "She didn't see you and she's not aware of anything right now. Go see White. Stay out of trouble. I'll know if you fuck up."

Stanley finally nods, shock settling in, and you go the couch and lift Julie in your arms. "Now, where does she live?"

"Three blocks over on Sienna. Four twenty-one."

Stanley walks you to the door and opens it. Before you step outside, he catches your eyes with his. "Thank you. I don't know why you're doing it, but I won't...I won't mess up."

You nod. "Good. And you'll go see White, too. That's not negotiable."

"I will." He looks down at Julie and flinches. "I'm sorry," he whispers. "So very sorry."

You traipse through backyards instead of the streets, Stanley Butters left behind to try to make some sense of his life again. You hope he does.

At four twenty-one Sienna, the lights are all on. You can tell even from the backyard. You drop to your knees at the steps leading up the back porch and lay Julie carefully on the soft grass. Keeping one eye on the house, you move Julie onto her stomach, and then you take out the orb and the paper with the spells on it.

You're whispering, and you're speaking the words slowly, like each one is its own sentence, but you're pronouncing everything right and when you say the last word, the orb flares brightly.

It's Julie's soul. It's Julie. You lift the orb to your face and peer at it. It's beautiful, which is strange because it really doesn't look like anything more than a bit of light. But there's weight to it. Substance. And there's depth to it. Layers.

It's this little bit of substantially layered light that makes all the difference for Angel and Spike, in entirely different ways.

"Hey, Jules," you say quietly. "Time to go home."

You change position so that you're crouching next to her, and you have your escape route in sight. With a deep breath, you touch the back of her neck. Her soul drifts out of the orb, crawls down your hand and spreads over Julie like a second skin. It sits there for a moment, on top of her, and then its like it just sinks into her. You bolt.

From the shadows, you watch her sit up and stare around the yard in confusion and then fear. She scrambles up the steps to the back door. It's locked, and she starts crying, feet and hands batting at the barrier.

You watch her father open it and almost fall down in relief, tears running unabashedly down his face when he sees his little girl. He jerks her into his arms, holding her like he's never going to let her go ever again, and he trips inside, calling out to his wife.

You wander away, feeling melancholy for no reason you can understand. It's a good thing you've done. For Stanley and Gina; for the Thompsons and Julie. Maybe the melancholy is because you know it might not stay good. That Stanley might lose his mind entirely. That Julie might be irrevocably fucked up for life. That Gina might spend twenty years in that hospital bed.

Everything is only fleetingly easy, and everyone can be okay for that moment without even trying. It's the after that's hard. It's in the after that things go to shit for real.

Patrolling isn't really appealing right now. You want to do something that might actually keep things good longer than just tonight for Stanley and the others. So you pick up your pace to a quick jog and head over to Willie's.

The conversation in the bar comes to an abrupt stop when you walk in. That's a little unusual. Most of the time you storm in and the energy level skyrockets as the demonic customers get ready for a fight, should they be the lucky one chosen to pummel information out of.

But you're moving slowly and deliberately, and they know that they'll get death, not a fight, if you turn your attention on them. So does Willie, and he hurries up to you, already fretting.

"I just repaired the damage from your last visit," he whines. "Maybe you could take care of business outside?"

You glare down at him, and he starts to twitch. "Human guy," you say flatly. "He was looking for an Orb of Thessulah. What do you know about him?"

Willie blinks. "Yeah, I heard about him. Don't know his name, though. He wasn't giving it out. Everyone just called him Rube. I don't know if anyone helped him. I swear!"

That doesn't matter. That's not why you're here. The far wall catches your eye. Looks like Willie made another change when he patched the place up. He scurries along at your side as you go to the whiteboard. "Blooming Onions!" "Goat Spleens!" "Taqoep Eggs!" "Ask about our daily blood type!"

Interesting...in a way that's really fucking creepy.

You clear away the colored words with quick swipes of the eraser that's on the tray along the bottom of the board. Willie watches you warily. You're way more unpredictable than Buffy ever was, and it's always put him off balance.

The marker squeaks as you write, because you're pressing the felt tip so damn hard against the bright white surface, and if you keep on leaving messages everywhere, you're going to have to start carting around writing implements and poster board.

"Spread the word--anyone who even thinks of talking to the Rube who was looking for an Orb of Thessulah will take a year to die. If they're lucky," Willie reads nervously, eyeing you with trepidation.

"Make sure the non-English ones know the deal," you tell him. "I'm not bluffing or over exaggerating." You tilt your head to the side and pretend to consider it. "In fact, I'm probably under exaggerating."

"Right," he says emphatically. "Rube is persona non grata. Totally of limits. Got it. So will everyone else."

You scan the bar and eyes slide away from yours. Yeah. They get it. Good.

"Got our order ready?" you ask Willie.

He goes behind the bar and brings you a small brown paper bag. There are two pints of human blood inside. You guys keep it on hand in case Spike takes a beating and needs to heal faster than animal blood lets him. You weren't too keen on the idea of having it in your fridge, but the alternative is to inevitably watch Tara slice herself open and force her blood down his throat--no matter who tries to stop her.

"Hope I don't see you soon," Willie calls out when you leave.

No one ever wants to see you soon.

You blow out a frustrated breath. So, yeah. It's a little strange, this helping without slaying. Not really what you're used to. Satisfying in a way, but not nearly as satisfying as beating the crap out of something.

Also, you've had your fill of the past rearing its head tonight. Xander was bad enough. Revisiting your Coma Glory Days was a bit much. And you can't help but wonder...were you really shoveling shit at Stanley with your talk about bodies not just being shells? You thought so at the time, but it's starting to make sense. Question is, does it just make sense, or is it the truth about how you felt in Buffy's body?

You stood in front of a mirror and exercised her face. You contorted it into expressions you'd never seen on her. You schooled it into your own expressions. You let it fall naturally into her expressions.

The only reason things got all fucked up was because you were all fucked up. If you had just left town right away, Buffy and the others would never have been able to find you. Instead, you let Riley and your Slaying impulses confuse you. For the better, yeah, since one thing led to another and you finally got to that alley in Los Angeles. But if you were entirely sane. If there wasn't anything in you to be confused and broken about. Being in Buffy's body would have been fine.

Wouldn't it have?

You're standing right out front of Willie's, and you suddenly have to move. Move or have an embarrassing breakdown. You walk so fast you might as well be running, but you're not running because this isn't something you can run from.

You told Stanley Butters something that was nakedly true. Strip away the bullshit, strip away the ability to avoid thinking about it, and that's what you're left with. Hard, cold, bare-assed truth. That there was something of Buffy in her body, in her shell, and you knew it. You felt the parts of her that were in her own scars, and her own hands, and her own hair. And you coveted them. At first because you wanted to destroy her entirely and to do that you had to carve them away from the inside.

But then it wasn't about that anymore. You wanted those things for yourself, because they were what was missing. And you tried so damn hard, didn't you? Followed the pull of what was left of Buffy and fled the airport. Tried to trick the vestiges of Buffy into believing that you were really Buffy with your actions. They couldn't be fooled, though, even before you came face-to-face with yourself.

It was about more than just walking around with a different perspective, and if she hadn't switched the two of you back, both of you would have been insane instead of just the one of you. Because the parts of you still in your body would have eventually driven Buffy over the edge, just as surely as her parts did the same to you--only it happened really fast for you because you didn't have all that far to go.

You really wish you'd snagged more than just the one cig from the Xander stand-in, because you need some nicotine pretty damn badly now.
*
1:30 AM - 3:30 AM

You turn a corner and run smack into someone--no, something's chest. You jump back and look up, your face incredulous. It's the fucking Y'Fow demon that smashed your phone last week and got away when you were taking care of the rest of his buddies! Goddamn. And he's just as ugly as you remember, with his muddy green thick skin and pointy protrusions (alliteration, the word is cool and so is the meaning).

There is one long moment that you both stand there and stare at each other like fools. Then he tries to run. You set the paper bag from Willie's on the ground and tackle him before he goes two steps. The fight is dirty. Violent. You beat him to a pulp--literally. He's bits and parts when you finally stumble back from the mess on the sidewalk and take in a deep breath.

Just like with the coat, you know Giles would entirely disapprove of what you've just done. Olson, on the other hand, has subtly hinted at you from his first day in Sunnydale that you should do shit like this. Vent the anger, and the violence. Get it out on what deserves it so that it doesn't get misdirected. Lately, you don't need to do it much. In fact, the last time you did it was right after Tara came. Sure, you'll sometimes get a little gung-ho in the middle of a fight, but this is different.

You think you'll always need to do this at least every once in a while. The anger in you...it'll probably never be gone. Ever. You spent too long being a victim to things that you couldn't stop. Alcoholism. Neglect. Your own mind. Maybe some day you'll stop and think about it and realize it's been years since you last took it out on some demon or other. But not anytime soon.

You scrape the flesh and orange blood to the curb with your feet and leave them for the street cleaner to take care of. Sunnydale's got trucks that rival Boston's, with the brushes and the water and shit. Greeny won't be any trouble for them to handle since you've conveniently turned him into slush.

The blood for Spike really needs to be refrigerated. Even though the last thing you want to do right now is go back to the apartment and see Spike, the first thing you want to do right now is go back to the apartment and see Tara. Hell, okay, yeah, even Spike. The two of them together somehow always manage to level you out. Things seem to have tilted the other way for you, and since you suddenly realize that at some point tonight you subconsciously decided to forego (that's a Giles word--one of his favorites when lecturing you) getting bouncy for a while, you really need some time with Spike and Tara.

So if you go home and wake Tara, it's a sure bet that she and Spike will distract you without even trying. You figure it'll be pretty easy to convince Tara to put aside sleep for videos, and she'll only need to look at Spike and he'll stay, no matter how pissed he is at you.

Time was, Spike was the one who distracted you. Actually, you distracted each other. Every once in a while it's still you and him. Generally at his place in deference to Tara's diurnal nature. But as rare as it was when he first got back, it's been even more rare the last two weeks. It was twice a week in the beginning, and recently it's been zero times. Spike has been pretty scarce lately all around, now that you think about it. Hasn't really joined you on routine patrols, but he was there last week to hunt down the Y'Fow demons. Hasn't been hanging around after he walks Tara home, either. You've seen ore more tonight than you have in the last week.

Maybe he has things going on, but--no, fuck that. It's Spike. He doesn't have things going on because most of the demons in this town want to kill him on sight; the other half he tries to avoid because he's fucked them and Spike isn't much for going back for seconds. So, yeah, he's been avoiding you. You're okay with that for the most part, but you hope that won't be the case tonight.

Your phone rings as you're picking up the blood from the ground. "Aw, shit," you groan, knowing it's Olson. Probably a pissed off Olson. It turns out to be the apartment phone number that shows up on your phone's display. Huh. "Yeah?"

"Hey, it's me," Tara says.

"What are you doing up?" you ask, staring to walk.

"Olson called. About those spells. Um, he was supposed to call when you called him back. I figured you forgot."

"Yeah, well, you figured right. Why'd he call you anyway?"

"He said you were, you know, your usual informative self," she says with amusement. "He wanted to give me a heads up in case you needed help."

"Nah, it's--well, I took care of it."

Tara's always perceptive, even if she doesn't always make known all the little things she picks up on, and she's also lived with you for a while. That little slip up, the hitch in your voice, would have slid right on past anyone else. Well, except Spike, because he's also perceptive and he's also lived with you.

"Hm," she murmurs.

Spike gets pissed as all fuck when Tara does that Hm thing. You don't. You like it. It means she's picked up on most, if not all, of the nuances of what was and was not said. It also means she's not going to slam you with a million questions.

"I'm heading home. Got the good shit from Willie's when I was in the area."

You hear Spike in the background, then Tara tells him, "No, you can't continue watching...that here."

Could be one of the horror movies, but you don't think so. It's most likely some Pay Per View porn because Spike gets a kick out of Tara's disapproval and annoyance when she has to pay the cable bill.

"And pull up your zipper," she adds so sweetly that you have to snicker. Her pleased tone of voice when she talks to you again means she actually managed to turn the tables on Spike, which doesn't happen very often. "Well, I'm up and I see some more movies. Should I bring my blanket downstairs?"

Late night movie watching is done with the lights out and Tara curled up on the couch in her pajamas under a blanket. She manages to get you under there with her sometimes. Once in a blue moon, she'll spread it over Spike and he'll actually let her.

"Yeah. I'll call Olson and let him know to stand down. See you in a few."

You keep things simple for Olson. "I took care of it," you say when you call. "Took the spell from him and got you another Orb for the shop."

"What was he planning to do with it?"

You pause for a moment. "He was trying to fix something he shouldn't have been. We had a talk. He's cool."

It's Olson's turn to pause. You don't usually do the cryptic non-answer bullshit. In fact, you never do it. You always give him a blow-by-blow run down on the mechanics of things.

"Interesting," he says slowly.

"Oh, and I ran into the last Y'Fow demon, too. He's gooped on Clawson. They've got street cleaning in the morning."

"Gooped? Do you feel better?" he asks easily.

You make a non-committal grunty noise. "Night."

When you get to the apartment, lights are already off and there's a Tara curled up in the center of the sofa. Purple material, strewn with white clouds, peeks out from the gaps of her gray fleece blanket. She's got her hair in a pony-tail, but it was carelessly put up and there are pieces of hair she missed, and bumps of uneven gathering in the front.

The television screen is on the main menu of one of the less bloody DVDs you picked out.

"Starting without me?" you ask, setting the blood on the table by the door and then emptying your pockets and belt clip.

Spike strolls out of the kitchen, two plates of food in his hands. He passes one to Tara and sits the other on the coffee table.

"Just getting ready for you," Tara replies.

She seems pretty damn awake and you kind of feel bad, except she's got a little sparkle to her tonight. She gets that sometimes, the sparkle. Like life is really good and solid, and she's happy. You have no idea what triggers it, and tonight is no exception. Getting woken by Olson for possible trouble when she's got to be up early to break up with her girlfriend isn't really sparkle worthy. But there are a lot of things about Tara that elude (different than allude--they're homilies or homophones or something) you. Not about her personality, or her motivation. But the faint subtleties of how it all works together.

In that way you know Spike better than you know Tara; there's little that's vague or subtle about Spike most of the time. In fact, there are things about Spike that you know better than Tara does. You and he have walked the dark paths, you and he have violence in you that you have to keep under control so that it doesn't overtake you.

You grab the bag of blood and offer it to Spike as you're hanging up your coat, and he heads back into the kitchen with it.

"Can you take this stuff over to the shop tomorrow when you're out?" you ask Tara, gesturing at the Orb and the spells.

"Mm hmm."

You plop next to her in your usual spot; it's always Tara in the center, you to her right, and Spike to her left. Olson and Josh are always relegated to the other furniture in the living room when they're here.

You lean down to unlace your boots and peer up at Tara. "You want to watch something else?"

"Nope, I'm good," she assures you. "I don't like this kind of stuff for movie nights. You know, because of the...fights." Josh and Olson both hate slasher flicks. "But late night, curled up in the dark? Perfect."

"Right you are," Spike agrees as he comes back in and sits down. "Except for the curled up part."

The coffee table shoots towards your face as you're pulling one of your boots off, and you jerk up. Spike unhooks his foot from the opposite table leg and sets his feet on the surface.

Well, okay, your food is closer now. You pick it up and toe your other boot off, then slide your feet up and mimic Spike's position. Tara's feet join yours and Spike's a moment later, her blanket tossed across her legs.

She's got the remote. She always has the remote because she says it's a necessity when watching anything with you and Spike. There've been a few fights, and one all-out wrestling match for it in the past. Tara won rights to it for all time from Spike when she kicked his legs out from under him, straddled his chest, took it from his hands, and refused to concede that it was unfair of her to do that to someone who couldn't actually fight back.

Spike said he'd never been prouder of her, and you and he stood next to each other, wiping imaginary tears from your eyes and bemoaning how quickly they grow up.

"Play the movie, luv," Spike tells Tara.

She doesn't. "The kitchen light is still on."

Spike snorts. "Turn it off, then. I've been the gofer enough for tonight," he says, gesturing at her food.

Tara turns to him and since her hair is up, you can see her sweet smile and big eyes. Spike stares at her, unmoved, and her head starts to turn to you.

"I killed the Y'Fow tonight, and I'm taking a well deserved break," you say before she can try any of her wiles.

"Did you?" Spike says with interest, leaning forward to look at you. "Put up a lot of fight?"

You shrug. "I didn't really give him a chance."

Tara groans as she wrestles herself out from under her blanket and gets to her feet. "The Mayor said that our taxes are going to go up if they have to replace another street cleaning machine," she sighs on her way to the kitchen.

"Like that much matters to us," Spike reminds her.

The kitchen light clicks off and she's on her way back to the sofa. "Hey, I pay taxes," she insists.

"Not as much as you should," you point out. "Olson shuffles most of your salary under the table."

She shrugs and settles on the couch again. "I can't keep my scholarship if I make over a certain amount of money."

"Which you do," Spike drawls. "Watcher pays you three times the going rate for a cashier."

Tara nods and starts the movie. "He needs a hobby to spend his money on, I think. Maybe we can get him interested in something?"

"He already has a hobby," you snicker. "Us."

Doing something that requires you to sit still and be quiet? Probably not the best idea, because you can't seem to do either. Forty-five minutes into the movie, Tara has pretty much scooted as close to Spike as she can get in an effort to avoid your fidgeting and twitching.

"What do you think they use for blood? Ketchup?" you ask when the slasher monster makes hamburger meat out of some poor dumb blond.

"Probably some special...industry stuff," Tara says absently.

A woman is running through some woods and you snort in disgust. "They always fall, don't they? What's up with that? How hard is it to just fucking run?"

"Save your questions until the end of the presentation," Spike snaps.

You watch the movie for another ten minutes and suddenly you frown when you hear a strange clacking noise. You're looking around for the source when Tara reaches over to clamp her hand on your thigh. You've been shaking your leg, and since your feet are on the coffee table, your fork has been jumping around on your empty plate.

"I'll put those in the kitchen," you mutter, jumping up and dislodging Tara's hand. You take her plate and yours in and rinse them off. The dishwasher is on, so you poke your head around the partition. "Hey, can I interrupt this on 'rinse'?"

Tara frowns. "Yeah, but it's almost done. Just, uh...leave them. In the sink."

While you're in there, you might as well put away the ziti that Spike left out. There's barely a quarter of a pan left, so you haul out a plastic container and scoop the remainder into it. You toss it in the fridge, then set about cleaning out the pan so that the sauce doesn't set. Might as well do the plates while you're at it. And there's some sauce on the counter where the pain was, so you wipe that up. Then you straighten the stool by the counter at the partition and head back into the living room.

Spike is glaring murderously at the screen.

"What happened?" you ask curiously.

Tara stops the movie. "Well, that's kind of what I was, uh, wondering." You frown and she raises her brows. "What happened tonight? You seem a little..." she waves her hand and shrugs.

You stiffen and shake your head. "Nothing much. Let's finish the movie."

"No," Tara says quietly.

You grin at her. "It was an easy night, babe," you say easily. "No big."

Tara leans across Spike to turn on a lamp. Spike has his head resting against the back of the sofa, eyes on the ceiling and a muscle jumping in his cheek. Very, very angry Spike.

"Faith, why did Stanley Butters want the Orb?" Tara asks softly.

The grin leaves your face. "Drop it, Ta," you say sharply. "Just put the damn movie back on."

She pushes her way out of the tangle of her blankets and gets up. You take a step back and then stop. She stands in front of you, concern etched on her features.

"Are you...are you okay?" she whispers. You swallow and her brows draw together. "Oh, Faith."

You see her hand coming towards your face. Small, gentle Tara hand. It'll settle on your cheek and you will crumble--like Julie did when Stanley touched her back. You won't be able to remain upright in the face of Tara's softness because it'll seep into where you don't want it to go.

She stumbles back when you slap her hand away before it reaches you, and you're not sure which of you is more surprised. You didn't--you didn't tell your hand to do that. You didn't. It just--it was instinct. She looks like you just killed her puppy, betrayed her to her core. And maybe you have, because you didn't hold your strength back all that much since it wasn't a deliberate move on your part.

You step forward and flinch when Tara skitters away. Okay. Fine. It's...fine. Really. It was only a matter of time before you somehow clued Tara in to what a cunt you are. You've been waiting for this, haven't you, and now it's here.

"Let me see it, pet," you hear Spike say and you blink.

He's got Tara's hand in his, poking at it. It's swollen, and she hisses in a breath when Spike finds at a particularly sore spot. His jaw clenches even tighter, then releases.

"Nothing too bad," he assures Tara. Her head is lowered, and he puts a finger on her chin and lifts it up. You see the tears in her eyes and it makes you retreat far inside. That was you. You did that to her. Your hands clench into fists and you exhale evenly.

Tara takes a deep breath and stares up at Spike. "I thought--I just want--"

Spike draws her to his chest and lowers his head to her ear. You can hear the sibilant whispers of sound but you can't make out words. Tara shakes her head in distress and pulls away from Spike. His brows sink down and he glares at her. "Tara!" he snaps.

She jumps at his tone, and his face softens as he closes his eyes for a moment. "Tara," he says again, but differently.

He's telling her something. Firmly. But also letting her know he understand where she's coming from. Almost automatically, her hand stretches up to touch his face, but she freezes mid-motion.

You've done what going crazy, killing her lover, going crazy again, taking a hellish trip around the world, and confronting her dead lover wasn't able to do to Tara--you've made her hesitant about expressing herself, unsure of settling that no-strings-attached affection on another person.

Spike takes her wrist and brings her hand to his face, and his eyes are dark as they look into hers. Tara swallows thickly, then nods.

Spike looks furious suddenly, like the nod from Tara unleashed something he's been keeping under wraps for a long while. He steps away from her, and turns so that he's facing you.

"Do you give damn about anyone but yourself?" Spike asks you, his voice cold and hard.

And you're immediately on the defensive, not only because you know that you're in the wrong, but because that is the last line of crap you deserve. Sometimes you think everything you are is shaped by just how much you give a damn about the people in your life. "You son of a bitch," you breathe. "Where do you get off asking me that?"

"Because you don't bloody show it," he replies immediately.

Well, you thought you were furious, but apparently not because the anger kicks up a notch and now you know you're feeling real fury. "Fuck you," you snarl at him.

You're about to start shaking or crying, or both, and you have to get out of there. You grab your boots and try to head for the door, but Spike is blocking your path. You shove him aside and realize that you somehow missed the fact that Tara moved from the couch to the door. She's standing in front of it, watching you closely.

You won't force Tara out of your way. You just won't. And it hurts that she's not on your side. Hurts something low and deep in you. Even though you can't really expect anything else, given what you did. But...it's Tara. She's the one who sees past your shit, who knows what you really mean.

"I get pushed aside, but Tara doesn't," Spike says from behind you. "Why?"

"You're a vampire," you remind him, still staring at Tara's wide eyes. "I could hurt her. More."

"So because he can take it, it's okay to dish it out?" Tara asks quietly, and you see something hard at the back of her eyes. Hard and Tara do not compute and you're suddenly scared.

There is no right answer to this question, and you think it might be rhetorical anyway, so you lower your eyes and stay silent.

"When we were in Berlin," Tara continues, "he tried to take my place with the crone. He knew it would be physical torture for him if he did it. He said he could take the damage." She pauses. "I wouldn't let him do it."

You lift your eyes. Tara looks tired and sad. "I...I love you, Faith," she tells you, and your heart skips a beat. "You're like a sister and you're important to me. But so are the others. It hurts to watch you strike out at them because you don't want to actually say what's on your mind."

"Yeah, well, it hurts when you and Spike get lost in your own little world of silent conversations," you snap. "Don't hear me complaining."

"I don't believe you," Spike hisses. You turn to look at him. His hands are clenched into fists at his sides. "Tara spent months unable to string two coherent words together, you stupid bint. Of course we got good at reading one another." He takes a step forward and points a finger at you. "Don't you dare lay a guilt trip at her feet for that. Not after all she's done for you."

If you feel bad, you will damn well not show it to them. There's been too much shit slung at you tonight, from every direction imaginable. It's too fucking much. The curtain comes down and you plan on leaving it there for a long while. You shrug diffidently and spread your arms out. "Hey, no one asked her to do anything for me."

Spike goes still. Utterly, preternaturally still. "You ungrateful little bitch," he whispers, and there is something like awe in his voice.

"Spike, she doesn't mean it," Tara says from the door. "She just feels cornered."

"That's where you and I are different, pet," Spike tells Tara. "I don't care why the hell she's dong it. You do everything you can for her, and you get shit all in return from her."

"I don't do it for what I get in return," Tara says with a frown, and she sounds annoyed and practiced, like she's said this before to him.

"Good for you," Spike snorts. "But I'm not going to keep my mouth shut when she starts lashing out at you, no matter what the reason behind it is. Of anyone in her life, you deserve it the least."

"Are we almost done here?" you ask, vexing smile on your face. "Because as interesting as all of this is, it's not really holding my attention."

"No, of course it's not," Spike drawls. "Nothing ever holds your attention when it has to do with your shortcomings."

You suck in a breath. "My shortcomings?" you repeat slowly.

"Yeah. You think I don't get it, Slayer?" he says, his voice smooth and deep. "It's overwhelming. Not the Hellmouth. No, you can deal with the nasties. You like dealing with them. But the people? That's almost too much for you. Constantly wondering if you're going to be too slow, or too late. Afraid that even if you're just in time it won't make a difference. Do you have nightmares? See their dead bodies, with their eyes all blank and accusing?"

You're shaking. Shaking. And you can't stop even though you grit your teeth and try.

"Worried and scared," he goes on. "All the time, right? But you won't let them know. You just keep it all inside and let out the bitch. Because that way you don't seem vulnerable, human. You're a Slayer, and you're not human. Not like others are. Can't--"

"That. Is. Enough."

Spike's words come to a skidding halt, and you both swivel your heads to gape at Tara, whose face is tight and jaw is clenched. She ground those four syllables out from between clenched teeth.

He recovers before you do. "No, it's not," Spike insists firmly. "It's nowhere near enough, and you damn well know it, luv."

"That's not tough love," she says, her voice raspy and thick. "It's just...cruel, and it's more than enough."

She gives you a quick look, then steps away from the door. "Go," she says lowly, waving at the door. "I'm going to Spike's."

"It's about damn time you moved out," Spike says with satisfaction.

Your breath catches in your chest. Everything catches everywhere. Fuck the curtain. You can't be in this place without Tara. You can't. The breath won't leave your body, but you keep taking more in, and your vision is getting spotty. Your arms are flailing in front of you, and you know that she's too far away for you to grab a hold of but you still grab at the air.

"I'm not moving out," Tara says impatiently. "Stop aggravating the situation."

Your vision clears a little and you see that she's looking at Spike. Not at you. Not at the arms reaching out for her that drop suddenly to your sides. It's at that moment that you realize just how right Spike is. Because you expected Tara to come to you, to put herself in the path of your hands and let you grab at her instead of the air. You've gotten used to her seeing what you need and giving it to you, of giving you things that you don't even realize you need until after the fact.

She gets her slippers from by the stairs, puts them on, and then steps outside, leaving you with Spike. You look at him, and you think you see compassion there in his eyes but you're not really sure. Nothing makes sense all of a sudden, and you don't trust yourself.

"She'd step in front of a demon for you, you know," he tells you quietly. "Without a second thought, she'd do it. Even if it meant she would die. And it has fuck all to do with you being the Slayer, and everything to do with you being Faith." He tilts his head to the side. "I know you'd do the same for her, and it would be about Tara, too."

His eyes darken and you see all of his cynicism. "But we've both been around the block, Faith. Big gestures are good and all, but nine times out of ten they're empty. That woman?" He points at the door Tara left through. "She's spent months clawing away at the Great Wall of Faith with her bare hands. Doesn't care that that she's only gotten through about an inch of stone. Doesn't care that she's got to fight you every step of the way. She doesn't even care that you probably hate her a little for doing it."

He narrows his eyes on you and cracks his neck. "I'm done holding my tongue. Tara thinks you need time; that eventually you'll get it. Personally, I think you got it long ago and you're too damn scared to admit it. Get your shit together, Faith. If you don't...well, no one's going to walk away from you. But they'll shower you with the same treatment you give them."

You've stayed still and quiet throughout his lecture. Things are so off balance that every word stabs at you, drawing the blood you know you deserve to bleed.

He starts to leave then turns back, and his eyes are cold and empty in a way they weren't before. "You lift a hand to her again, I'll arrange a nasty surprise and then call Giles."

"I won't," you manage to say through chattering teeth. Why you can finally squeak something out now, you have no idea. But you're glad you can, because it's very important that you make this clear. "Ever. I didn't mean..."

He nods and this time he does leave.
*