Sarah Shows Off Ch. 01
by SarahShowsOff ©
Sarah Shows Off: Caught Red Handed

Hello everyone. My name is Sarah. I decided to share some of my sexual 
experiences for the pleasure of all of you. You’re welcome! First let me 
tell you a little about myself. I am 24 years old. I live in a small town 
in an Middle Atlantic state. I am 5’2 with brown hair and brown eyes. My 
skin is alabaster and I have a very girlish look to my face, I am often 
mistaken for as being much younger than I am. My bust size is 33b but 
because of my small frame my breast look huge on my body. Let me say I 
love to show off. Here is my first experience with exhibitionism. I hope 
you enjoy. I will share more stories if I get a positive response.

When I was 18 I had a wonderful boyfriend named Jason. Neither Jason nor I 
was experienced sexually but we where about to change that in a hurry! We 
had been going out for about 2 weeks when the perfect opportunity 
presented itself. Jason’s parents and his brother Max where going out to 
see a movie and this left Jason and I alone to study or so we told his 
parents. 

As soon as they were out of the house Jason and I started making out. 
Nothing to serious just a lot of deep kissing and Jason was feeling my 
tits over my shirt. I told him I had a surprise for him and that he had to 
do exactly as I said or there would be no surprise. I told him I was going 
to the kitchen and that he had to strip completely naked for me. He of 
course agreed and I was on my way to make him a very happy boy

As I came into the kitchen I could here him furiously removing his 
clothes. I went to the refrigerator and was happy to find the whipped 
cream I was praying would be there. I took a deep breath and started to 
remove my shirt and shorts. I looked down at my body and said to myself 
here goes nothing and I quickly removed my bra and knickers. I made my way 
to the living room.

Before I turned the corner I said in my sexiest voice, "Who wants a 
whipped cream blowjob?" To my surprise and horror not only did I see 
Jason, but also his mom dad and little brother Max! Jason was sitting on 
the couch red faced with his clothes piled up in front of his cock. I 
tried to speak but nothing came out. Finally after a minute of silence, 
Jason’s mom said, "I left my purse if you’re wondering about our quick 
return"

I didn’t know what do say. I tried to apologize to Jason’s mom but she 
just smiled and said, "Its ok Sarah we aren’t mad at you. We where just a 
little shocked."

With that she excused herself to go to the bedroom to find her purse 
leaving me with the three boys. I wish I could describe the look on 
Jason’s dad’s and Max’s face. It was one of pure heavenly bliss! I said I 
had to go to the kitchen and get dressed but Jason’s dad stopped and asked 
me if I had decided where I was going to college. So I stood there for the 
next 5 minutes bare ass naked talking about my plans. It was actually very 
exciting. My pussy was getting wet when I noticed that all the men were 
looking at my breast and adjusting their cocks. Finally Jason’s mom 
returned and said" I thought you would be dressed honey", and gave me a 
knowing wink. Something about her I don't care attitude was a turn on. It 
was like she was excited to know that I was about to give her son head 
right in her living room. With that they left Jason and I alone. Before 
his dad could even close the door I got on my knees in front of his son 
and turned to his dad and gave a knowing wink. I cover his cock in cool 
whipped cream and dove right on in. God I had never been so turned on in 
my life. I felt so slutty and that was ok with me. I loved the fact that 
all of Jason’s family knew what I was doing and it was such a turn on. 
This would open a new chapter in my life. Soon I would be a full time 
showoff. 

 
Sarah Shows Off Ch. 02
by SarahShowsOff ©
I would like to thank everyone who enjoyed my first story. I hope you all 
will enjoy this one too. This happened about two months after the last 
chapter. I am still dating Jason and I have only become closer to his 
family since the little incident two months ago. His mother has started 
called me "my little nudist" which, for some reason, turns me on. (I 
didn't Jason told her I was into nudism to explain why I was naked in her 
house.) It seems as if she enjoyed seeing my bare body as much as her 
husband and sons did.

It was now summer and the weather was touch 90 degrees everyday. Lucky for 
me, Jason's family has a pool that is quite large and beautiful. I decided 
to accept the offer made by Jason to come over on a Saturday and enjoy the 
pool. I appeared at the gate to their back yard around two in the 
afternoon. I opened the latch and let myself in.

I came down the walk and past the hedges and I saw a truly beautiful site. 
I saw Jason's mom wearing an extremely tight fitting all black bikini. I 
knew she was in great shape for a women her age but I was truly shocked! 
Her long gray tinged brown hair cascaded over her shoulders. She had the 
body of a teenager, all tight and thin and sexy. She looked like an older 
Jennifer Love Hewitt. She had nice size breast for a woman her size; they 
had to be small b cups. She saw me and waved.

"Hi Sarah! How is my little nudist?” she said with a wink. I smiled and 
said I was feeling good. She looked my body up and down and said, "Where 
is your bathing suit?"

I said it was in my bag and excused myself to go to the changing room. She 
looked and me and said, "You don't need to worry about that Sarah. Its not 
like I haven't seen you before."

I was surprised to say the least. I thought about it for a second, was had 
to be a recipe for disaster, but then the exhibitionist in me took over. I 
smiled at Jason's mom and I grabbed my tank top at my shoulders and gave a 
good yank. I pulled the fabric over my head and stood there in my bra in 
front of my boyfriend's mom. I then reached behind my back and took a deep 
breath. I unhooked my bra and I let it fall on the grass. Jason's mom 
didn't say a thing. She just watched. I then proceeded to unzip my pants 
and they dropped on the ground. I grabbed the waistband of my knickers and 
gave a quick pull. I was now completely nude in front of my boyfriend’s 
mom. I started to wonder if I should get into my suit right away or let 
this moment last for as long as I could stretch it. I decided to stretch 
it.

I leaned back and straighten my back so she could see me in all my naked 
glory. I asked her where Jason was as I proceeded to look through my bag 
for my bathing suit. She told me Jason and his father went to the pool 
store to purchase some chlorine they should be back at anytime. I 
continued to ruffle though my bag and looked for my bikini. “I think I 
must have left it in my car. Darn it. I don’t want to put all my clothes 
back on. This sucks.”

“Here honey”, said Jason’s mom, “just wrap my towel around yourself.”

I took her towel and wrapped it around my waist and headed towards the 
gate. It was such a turn on thinking about walking out to the curb with my 
breast exposed. I came to the gate and my heart was racing. I lifted the 
latch and proceeded outside the fence. 

I didn’t see anybody as I slowly crept to the car parked on the curb in 
front of the house. My pussy was almost dripping it was so wet. I got to 
my car and saw my bikini on the floor in the back. I was just about to 
grab it when I changed my mind. This day was getting interesting and my 
bikini would only get in the way. I turned around and walked back towards 
the gate. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Jason’s elderly neighbor 
staring at my naked tits! I just waved to him and said “Nice day isn’t 
it?” I don’t think he would complain!

I walked back to the pool and said, “I can’t find that darn thing 
anywhere. Whatever shall I do?”

“Don’t worry about it Sarah. You don’t have to pretend that you can’t find 
your suit. I have the feeling you just want to be naked in front of me and 
my family. Am I right?”

I lowered my head. “Your right. I’m sorry for lying. I can get dressed if 
you want me too.”

“You don’t have to apologize Sarah. When I was your age I never wore 
clothes unless I was at school or church,” She laughed and continued, “If 
I still had a body like your I might join you.” 

I was about to tell her that her body was as good as mine if not better 
but I decided there was a better way to express this. I walked up in front 
of her, our breast almost touching. I reached around her neck and in a 
quick motion I untied her bikini top and I watched as it fell around her 
waist. Her breasts were simply perfect and her nipples were small and 
perky. I reached around her back to unhook her straps and our nipples 
pressed together. I unhooked her straps and her bra fell on the ground. 

I didn’t know what to do next but then I heard a loud noise to my right. I 
looked over and saw Jason and his father with their mouths gaping open and 
the bucket of chlorine on the ground. “Hey guys. Sarah is here. I hope you 
don’t mind if she swims nude. It makes her feel more comfortable.”

Not surprisingly, Jason and his Dad were very agreeable. I decided to 
break the tension by taking off my towel and jumping in the pool. Jason 
and his Dad went to their bedrooms to change and Jason’s mom, still 
topless, hoped into the pool with me. It seems to take 20 seconds for the 
two men to change into their suits. I could clearly see the bulges in both 
of their trunks and they came to the pool. They jumped in and everybody 
tried to act normal. But with two topless females, this swim was anything 
but normal. We swam, we tanned, we sat around the patio table and chatted 
and I never bothered to put my clothes on or wrap a towel around me. I was 
surprised to see Jason’s mother didn’t bother to cover herself either.

I said, “Now I can see why you are always so horny Jason. With a mom like 
that you should be.” 

Everybody thought this was funny but I could see the lust in his eyes. 
Imagine discovering someone your mother turned out to be an exhibitionist 
and a very sexy one at that. I wondered if their house would ever be the 
same after today.

We swam for a while longer and it was getting near dark. I didn’t want the 
day to end but I had to work early the next morning and I would have to at 
least get myself off twice before I go to bed. I said goodbye to Jason and 
his parents and then I put my bag over my shoulder and walked to the gate 
naked. “Mom do you mind washing these clothes for me? I can pick them up 
tomorrow after work.” 

She smiled and said yes as I walk out of the gate once again nude. I saw 
the same elderly neighbor in his yard. I don’t think he had moved since 
six hours before. I waved and told him I would be by tomorrow. I couldn’t 
wait to get home and masturbate myself to sleep. 








Sarah Shows Off Ch. 02
 I would like to thank everyone who enjoyed my first story. I hope 
you all will enjoy this one too. This happened about two months 
after the last chapter. I am still dating Jason and I have only 
become closer to his family since the little incident two months 
ago. His mother has started called me "my little nudist" which, for 
some reason, turns me on. (I didn't Jason told her I was into nudism 
to explain why I was naked in her house.) It seems as if she enjoyed 
seeing my bare body as much as her husband and sons did.

It was now summer and the weather was touch 90 degrees everyday. 
Lucky for me, Jason's family has a pool that is quite large and 
beautiful. I decided to accept the offer made by Jason to come over 
on a Saturday and enjoy the pool. I appeared at the gate to their 
back yard around two in the afternoon. I opened the latch and let 
myself in.

I came down the walk and past the hedges and I saw a truly beautiful 
site. I saw Jason's mom wearing an extremely tight fitting all black 
bikini. I knew she was in great shape for a women her age but I was 
truly shocked! Her long gray tinged brown hair cascaded over her 
shoulders. She had the body of a teenager, all tight and thin and 
sexy. She looked like an older Jennifer Love Hewitt. She had nice 
size breast for a woman her size; they had to be small b cups. She 
saw me and waved.

"Hi Sarah! How is my little nudist?” she said with a wink. I smiled 
and said I was feeling good. She looked my body up and down and 
said, "Where is your bathing suit?"

I said it was in my bag and excused myself to go to the changing 
room. She looked and me and said, "You don't need to worry about 
that Sarah. Its not like I haven't seen you before."

I was surprised to say the least. I thought about it for a second, 
was had to be a recipe for disaster, but then the exhibitionist in 
me took over. I smiled at Jason's mom and I grabbed my tank top at 
my shoulders and gave a good yank. I pulled the fabric over my head 
and stood there in my bra in front of my boyfriend's mom. I then 
reached behind my back and took a deep breath. I unhooked my bra and 
I let it fall on the grass. Jason's mom didn't say a thing. She just 
watched. I then proceeded to unzip my pants and they dropped on the 
ground. I grabbed the waistband of my knickers and gave a quick pull. 
I was now completely nude in front of my boyfriend’s mom. I started 
to wonder if I should get into my suit right away or let this moment 
last for as long as I could stretch it. I decided to stretch it.

I leaned back and straighten my back so she could see me in all my 
naked glory. I asked her where Jason was as I proceeded to look 
through my bag for my bathing suit. She told me Jason and his father 
went to the pool store to purchase some chlorine they should be back 
at anytime. I continued to ruffle though my bag and looked for my 
bikini. “I think I must have left it in my car. Darn it. I don’t 
want to put all my clothes back on. This sucks.”

“Here honey”, said Jason’s mom, “just wrap my towel around 
yourself.”

I took her towel and wrapped it around my waist and headed towards 
the gate. It was such a turn on thinking about walking out to the 
curb with my breast exposed. I came to the gate and my heart was 
racing. I lifted the latch and proceeded outside the fence. 

I didn’t see anybody as I slowly crept to the car parked on the curb 
in front of the house. My pussy was almost dripping it was so wet. I 
got to my car and saw my bikini on the floor in the back. I was just 
about to grab it when I changed my mind. This day was getting 
interesting and my bikini would only get in the way. I turned around 
and walked back towards the gate. Out of the corner of my eye I saw 
Jason’s elderly neighbor staring at my naked tits! I just waved to 
him and said “Nice day isn’t it?” I don’t think he would complain!

I walked back to the pool and said, “I can’t find that darn thing 
anywhere. Whatever shall I do?”

“Don’t worry about it Sarah. You don’t have to pretend that you 
can’t find your suit. I have the feeling you just want to be naked 
in front of me and my family. Am I right?”

I lowered my head. “Your right. I’m sorry for lying. I can get 
dressed if you want me too.”

“You don’t have to apologize Sarah. When I was your age I never wore 
clothes unless I was at school or church,” She laughed and 
continued, “If I still had a body like your I might join you.” 

I was about to tell her that her body was as good as mine if not 
better but I decided there was a better way to express this. I 
walked up in front of her, our breast almost touching. I reached 
around her neck and in a quick motion I untied her bikini top and I 
watched as it fell around her waist. Her breasts were simply perfect 
and her nipples were small and perky. I reached around her back to 
unhook her straps and our nipples pressed together. I unhooked her 
straps and her bra fell on the ground. 

I didn’t know what to do next but then I heard a loud noise to my 
right. I looked over and saw Jason and his father with their mouths 
gaping open and the bucket of chlorine on the ground. “Hey guys. 
Sarah is here. I hope you don’t mind if she swims nude. It makes her 
feel more comfortable.”

Not surprisingly, Jason and his Dad were very agreeable. I decided 
to break the tension by taking off my towel and jumping in the pool. 
Jason and his Dad went to their bedrooms to change and Jason’s mom, 
still topless, hoped into the pool with me. It seems to take 20 
seconds for the two men to change into their suits. I could clearly 
see the bulges in both of their trunks and they came to the pool. 
They jumped in and everybody tried to act normal. But with two 
topless females, this swim was anything but normal. We swam, we 
tanned, we sat around the patio table and chatted and I never 
bothered to put my clothes on or wrap a towel around me. I was 
surprised to see Jason’s mother didn’t bother to cover herself 
either.

I said, “Now I can see why you are always so horny Jason. With a mom 
like that you should be.” 

Everybody thought this was funny but I could see the lust in his 
eyes. Imagine discovering someone your mother turned out to be an 
exhibitionist and a very sexy one at that. I wondered if their house 
would ever be the same after today.

We swam for a while longer and it was getting near dark. I didn’t 
want the day to end but I had to work early the next morning and I 
would have to at least get myself off twice before I go to bed. I 
said goodbye to Jason and his parents and then I put my bag over my 
shoulder and walked to the gate naked. “Mom do you mind washing 
these clothes for me? I can pick them up tomorrow after work.” 

She smiled and said yes as I walk out of the gate once again nude. I 
saw the same elderly neighbor in his yard. I don’t think he had 
moved since six hours before. I waved and told him I would be by 
tomorrow. I couldn’t wait to get home and masturbate myself to 
sleep.





