Krissy's Exposed Summer
byLikesToWatchHer©

Krissy's Exposed Summer Ch. 11

Krissy and her brother Kimo cross a lot of lines.

Krissy Nguyen walked through the front door of her parent's Palo Alto home late on a Saturday morning in the month of May. Cisco, Krissy's new college-summer-FWB (and close friend and lacrosse teammate of Krissy's "little" brother Kimo) had just dropped her off after returning from their overnight stay in San Francisco following a rave. Her party thong was in her fanny pack, which she tossed on the first step of the staircase by the door. She untied and pulled off her Chucks, placing them beside the small bag.

Krissy's parents would still vacationing in Hawai'i for another week, so the house was quiet and empty, other than Kimo. He was parked naked on the sofa playing video games, as usual. In the mere week since Krissy had been home from college, the two had basically agreed that there was reason for either of them to wear clothes inside the house.

"Hey, little bro!" Krissy said, approaching Kimo from behind the sofa and planting a kiss on the top of his head. "That was certainly a crazy night. Nice to be home. What have you been up to?"

"Nothing exciting," Kimo answered, "Jake and I hung out and played video games last night. What happened last night? Or do I not want to know?"

"I don't know, Kimo, *do* you want to know?" Krissy teased, as she peeled off her blue cotton sun dress - her only remaining attire at that point - and tossed it on the floor before padding into the kitchen to pour herself some water.

"Was it nasty?" Kimo asked.

"Kinda nasty - pretty cray - pretty amazingly fun!" Krissy responded with a smile, remember her exploits with Cisco both at the warehouse party and back in the hotel room. "There were drugs, there was sex, Cisco definitely expanded his horizons."

Krissy sat cross legged on the sofa and pressed her hip into Kimo's. She sipped at her water.

"Sounds interesting, but you stink!" Kimo exclaimed. "You should take a shower. Then you can tell me all about it."

Krissy smelled her own armpits and turned up her nose. "I guess I do." She used her free hand to rub lightly between the lips of her pussy and brought her fingers up to her nose. "Oh, wow!" she exclaimed.

"Yeah - you smell like stinky armpits and lots of sex." Kimo joked.

"Armpits bad. Sex good!" Krissy retorted. "But fine - I'll just rinse off in the pool. I don't feel like going upstairs."

Krissy stood and walked out the sliding glass door into the sunshine. She lowered herself slowly into the warm blue water of the swimming pool, before swimming an unhurried lap to the far end and back. She knelt in the water, and rubbed the chlorinated water into her armpits and between her legs, before rising from the pool, and toweling off on the deck. Rubbing her straight long black hair with the towel, she made her way back to the sofa. The fatigue of her all night escapade was starting to set in, and she laid down next to Kimo, resting her damp head on his naked lap.

"So first of all, turns out your buddy Cisco is bi." Krissy revealed.

"I've always wondered about that." Kimo responded casually.

"Really?" Krissy asked. "It came as a total surprise to me - a pleasant surprise - but a surprise nonetheless. He always seemed so macho."

"Yeah - he's almost too macho." Kimo said. "And a little bit metrosexual. I really don't care, but how did you know he's bi?"

"Well, I watched him suck a dick and lick another dude's come out of me." Krissy said with a chuckle.

"No fucking way!" Kimo exclaimed. "How many people did you bang last night?"

"Just three, counting Cisco." Krissy said. "Cisco, a girl we met at the rave, and a fellow we met afterwards at the hotel."

"'Just three' - listen to you!" Kimo responded. "You're a force of nature. I'm still a virgin, for Pete's sake!"

Krissy rubbed Kimo's thigh consolingly. "I don't think you're going to a virgin for long unless you want to be." She assured him. "You got that amazing hummer from Cayleigh, and in case you couldn't tell, she kinda digs you." She informed him, referring to her BFF Cayleigh and the blow job that Krissy had coached Kimo through two nights earlier.

"I'm pretty sure she digs *you,* Krissy - I'm just 'Krissy adjacent.'" Kimo protested.

"Maybe she likes us both!" Krissy offered. "But I know she likes you, and she'll be over here a lot this summer, and I'd bet good money that you two will be banging any day now."

Kimo's penis rose slightly at the memory of Krissy's tall, gorgeous, athletic friend wrapping her lips around it. Krissy could feel it press against the side of her head.

"Seems like maybe you like her a little bit too!" Krissy teased, rubbing her head against Kimo's growing cock.

"Stop it - I'm trying to play this game." He responded. "But yeah, I've had a crush on Cayleigh for years. I just figured she was out of my league. I thought the blowjob was an act of pity or something."

"No way!" Krissy exclaimed. "I mean, she did it as a favor to me, but there's no way she would have done it if she weren't into you. Trust me."

The fatigue of Krissy's long sleepless night was slowly overtaking her. She closed her eyes and sank deeper into the sofa and Kimo's lap.

"So what drugs were you doing?" Kimo asked.

"We took Molly at the rave, and did some coke back at the hotel." Krissy confessed.

"Damn, I've never done either!" Kimo fretted

"You wanna?" Krissy asked. "Cisco gave me two more pills, and I've still got a little of Jens's coke left from my first night back."

"I don't know." Kimo mused. "All indications appear to be that drugs lead to orgies. At least based on the week so far." He laughed.

"Nah - only if you want them to." Krissy offered. "Think about it, I'm going to take a nap."

She closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep.

* * * * *

Krissy woke several hours later, the late afternoon sun shining on her face. She was alone on the sofa. Kimo had covered her with a light throw, although it was warm and probably not necessary. Krissy kicked the throw to the floor, and pinched her eyes shut against the strong glow of the sunlight.

The scent of bacon helped her identify the sizzling noise she could hear coming from the kitchen. She inhaled deeply, savoring the smoky aroma.

"Mmmmm, bro!" Krissy said, pressing her face into the sofa cushion. "Are you making me breakfast for dinner?"

"I'm making you breakfast. If you want to call it dinner, that's your right." Kimo joked.

Minutes later Kimo returned to the sofa with a tray that he set atop the coffee table. On the tray was a cup of coffee, a glass of orange juice, and a plate holding two fried eggs, a small mound of hashbrowns, and several strips of crispy bacon.

"Oh my god I love you so much right now!" Krissy exclaimed, standing up to fling her arms around her brother's neck. She gave Kimo a chaste but overlong kiss on the lips while pressing her bare chest against his. "You ... are ... amazing!"

She began to inhale the coffee and the food. "What were we talking about?" Krissy asked through a mouthful of potatoes.

"Drugs." Kimo said. "I kind of want to try them. Do you?"

"I'd love to pop your drugs cherry!" Krissy teased. "Let's do them tonight!"

"I've smoked pot." Kimo protested. "I'm not a total virgin - but yeah, lets!"

"Molly and coke are a whole different thing, little bro." Krissy warned. "And the first time is the best time. We need to do a little planning and get some supplies. We need to think about when to eat, because Molly is best on an empty stomach. And we need Gatorade. Like gallons of it."

"We've already got a shit ton of Gatorade." Kimo said. "It's almost six o'clock now - I'm kind of hungry..."

"Why don't you eat now and then don't eat anything else." Krissy suggested. "Sunset is a little before nine, so let's dose then. It'll take twenty minutes to hit, and four or five hours to wear off. So we might even get some sleep tonight. This is going to be so fun!"

The two spent the next few hours preparing for their trip. Krissy covered the living room floor with soft blankets and pillows. Kimo put together a long playlist of music based on the overlap of his favorites and music Krissy recommended. Together they replaced the white light bulbs in the living room floor lamps with colored bulbs. Krissy fished out a string of colored Christmas lights and arrayed it beneath the glass coffee table that they had moved against the wall. Between and during tasks, Krissy told Kimo what to expect from the molly - the sweaty dizziness as it first kicks in, the twitchy flickering eyeballs, the thirst, the subsequent tactile softness of all things (hence the pillows), the powerful feelings of love and connection, the slow fade back to sobriety as it wears off, and so on.

"I've always wanted to pet a chinchilla on ecstasy!" Krissy confessed. "I bet it would feel so soft that your brain would explode!"

"Sounds messy." Kimo joked. "What about the coke, where does that fit in?" he asked.

"Molly doesn't mix all that well with other drugs." Krissy explained. "But the coke can be a nice pick-me-up when the Molly starts to fade. Totally optional - we can do it or not. We'll sleep better if we don't. Game-time decision. I'll leave it over on the coffee table, so at least we won't have to hunt for it."

As the clock hit half past eight, Krissy fetched the pills from her fanny pack on the steps. The two naked siblings stood face to face in the living room - their new temporary private party room - and Krissy took both of Kimo's hands in hers.

"Are you ready to have your mind blown?" She asked.

"Blow me!" Kimo said. "I mean, blow my mind." He stammered with a laugh, realizing his gaffe.

Krissy gave him some side eye, and said, "Open your mouth and stick out your tongue!" She placed Kimo's pill on the middle of his tongue and handed him a glass of water. "It'll hit you better and faster if you chew it up - but it tastes awful."

Kimo bit into the pill and made a face, blinking rapidly as the bitter acrid flavor filled his mouth. He took a gulp of the water, as Krissy ingested her own pill, doing the same. Krissy placed a hand on either side of Kimo's face and gave him a wild wide-eyed look.

"Now, we wait!" She said. "Any questions?"

"No," Kimo responded. "I think you covered it. What are we going to do once it kicks in?"

"We're going to roll around on the floor, we're going to rub these pillows, and we're going to have the deepest most intimate conversation that we've ever had." Krissy promised.

"Can I play video games until it starts?" Kimo asked.

"Sure - you do you, boo! No rules." Krissy replied.

Kimo played for about fifteen minutes, sitting hip-to-hip with his sister on the floor in front of the couch, when a wave of dizziness washed over him, and he suddenly felt unable to follow the game or operate the game controller. He set it on the sofa.

"I think it's starting." He said, closing his eyes and trying to ignore the sensation of nausea.

"Mmmmm - me too." Krissy said, wrapping her arm around Kimo's shoulder. "It won't hit me as hard as you, because I just did it last night. And I've done it before. I probably should've have mentioned that you might feel like you need to vomit. If you do, we'll go to the bathroom and you can vomit. It's no big deal, and you'll feel way better right afterwards."

"I think we'd better go to the bathroom!" Kimo said, breathlessly.

He stood uneasily, and Krissy took his arm to steady him. The two siblings walked the twenty feet to the first floor bathroom, arm in arm. Krissy noticed Kimo's penis and scrotum sway from side to side as he walked unstably. She hadn't spent time around her brother naked since they were young adolescents, and she admired how handsome and solid Kimo Nguyen had grown up to be: his smooth muscular chest and stomach, his smoothly shaved balls and pubis - Krissy's handwork there - the soft curve of his muscular glutes and the definition in the muscles of his thighs. Not to mention what a thoughtful and sensitive man he was. Krissy's little brother was quite the catch, she thought.

Fuck, these are weird thoughts to have about my brother, Krissy thought silently. She helped Kimo sit next to the toilet bowl and she sat across from him, legs apart, leaning into the wall. It must be the drugs, she thought. I wonder if he's thinking the same thing about me, Krissy pondered to herself. She noticed that her shaved pussy was basically on full display to her little as she sat there with him. Her clitoris and inner lips were peeking out and clearly visible. Krissy looked up at Kimo, but his eyes were closed as he tried to overcome the queasiness.

Finally, Kimo leaned over the toilet bowl and began to vomit. Krissy came to him and rubbed his back gently as he heaved. As quickly as it had come on, the nausea passed, and Kimo sat back against the wall again.

"Fucking hell this feels amazing!" He exclaimed. "I think I need some Gatorade to get the taste of vomit out of my mouth, though. Can we go back to the living room?"

"Yes! You've made it over the hump!" Krissy praised him. "Let's go!"

As they exited the bathroom, Krissy exclaimed "Carry me!" And she jumped onto Kimo's back, wrapping her legs around his hips and her arms around his neck. He laughed and carried his sister the short distance back to the living room. Krissy enjoyed the sensation of her sex pressed into the smooth soft flesh of Kimo's smooth back, until he plopped her down onto the sofa. She could feel herself beginning to lubricate. It's just the drugs, Krissy said to herself.

"You should touch things." Krissy counseled her brother, as he gulped the Gatorade. "Everything will feel amazing."

Kimo began to rub the blankets and pillows that Krissy had deposited on the living room floor. "Oh my god!" He exclaimed. "I cannot believe how soft these are. Is everything this soft?" He asked.

Kimo began touching other things - the wall, the TV, the coffee table. "Even hard things feel soft." He marveled.

"Touch yourself!" Krissy instructed.

"Where?" Kimo asked, looking down at his bare frame.

"Everywhere." Krissy said with a smile.

Kimo ran his hands down his torso, over his abs, down to his thighs, back up beneath his balls, and slowly over his soft-but-rising penis. His penis sent shock waves through his entire body as he stroked it. "Oh fuck - that feels amazing!" He said.

"Sit down and just enjoy it!" Krissy suggested, while she herself sat on the floor, running her hands over her small firm breasts, down her stomach and legs, until she brought them to rest above her pubis where she could gently stroke her pussy lips with her fingers. Even the razor stubble on her mound felt deliciously soft. "Dude - come feel this!"

Kimo laid face down on the floor, his head between his sister's knees, and looked up at her. "Your mound?" he asked.

"Yeah!" Krissy replied. "Even razor stubble is soft!"

Kimo ran his fingers over his sister's bare mound, amazed that this drug could make sand-papery razor stubble feel soft like cat fur. "Your pussy feels like a pussy!" He laughed at his pun, before letting his fingertips slide over Krissy's clitoris and down the length of her lips.

She let out a low soft ecstatic moan. This is too far, she thought. But he touched me more intimately than that when he shaved me, she reminded herself. She didn't push his hand away.

"Do things taste amazing too, or just feel amazing?" Kimo asked, his eyes fixated on Krissy's pussy as he lips began to swell from his gentle strokes.

Krissy looked down at him. "Yes, but you're not licking my pussy, pervo!" She teased him. "I've got an idea, turn onto your stomach!"

Kimo dutifully followed Krissy's order. She straddled his buttocks and began to massage her brother's shoulders and back, once again pressing her damp labia into his tail bone. Now it was Kimo who moaned as Krissy alternately kneaded and ran her fingertips over Kimo's muscular back. "You like that, little bro?" She asked him.

"Oh my fucking god!" Kimo replied. "I never knew anything could feel this good."

Krissy bent forward and laid down atop her brother's back, letting her breasts press into the muscles below his shoulder blades, and bring her hands to rest on Kimo's outstretched forearms.

"Molly is your friend!" She whispered into Kimo's ear. "Turn over!" Krissy directed him as she rolled off of his back.

Kimo rolled onto his back on the living room floor. Whether it was the drugs, Krissy's loving ministrations to his back muscles, or both, his penis was now fully erect and hovering above his belly. Krissy swung her leg over him and straddled Kimo's abdomen, her round butt only millimeters north of the tip of his penis. Krissy began running her fingertips lightly over Kimo's chest and shoulders. Kimo moaned.

"I love you so fucking much, Krissy!" Kimo panted.

"I know." Krissy replied. "I love you so fucking much too." She bent forward and planted another long, but chaste, kiss on Kimo's lips. "We're so lucky to have one another." She said.

Kimo wrapped his arms around her back and squeezed hard. Then he ran his own fingertips up and down Krissy's shoulders, low back, and butt. Now it was Krissy's turn to moan again as her brothers fingers traced the edge of her butt crack, around her glutes, and back up the sides of her hips. Krissy's legs spread involuntarily, as Kimo began to tickle he crease where her buttocks met her thighs.

Krissy put her hands on Kimo's chest and pushed herself back up to a sitting position on his belly, but in doing so, her body had moved down, and how her pussy lips were straddling Kimo's penis. The tip of her brother's penis was peeking out just in front of her own clitoris. Krissy slid slowly a few inches down, and then back up, feeling the stiff underside of Kimo's penis gliding beneath her.

"Kimo." She said.

"Yes?" He replied.

"We shouldn't be doing this." Krissy said, sounding unconvinced.

"I know. But it feels amazing." Kimo said.

"It really does." Krissy agreed, closing her eyes and continuing to massage Kimo's shaft between the increasingly-moist outer lips of her pussy.

"We've got to talk about this." Krissy said. "If we fuck tonight, that's not something we can ever take back. We can always tell ourselves it was just the drugs, but we'll never be able to undo it."

"I know." Kimo responded.

"And if we're not going to be able to be grownups about it, I don't want to do it. I love you so much, bro, I don't ever want anything to come between us or make our relationship awkward or difficult." Krissy appealed.

"Me either." Kimo agreed. "But look at what we've already done this week - we've shaved each other. You held me while I masturbated and coached me while your best friend Cayleigh sucked my dick. Do you honestly think we're going to make it through the summer without fucking? I can't even imagine it, right now."

"I know." Krissy said, biting her lower lip as she pondered the situation they had created. "I know."

There was a long pause.

"You can't come inside me." Krissy finally said, still gliding over Kimo's penis, now slick with her juices. "There won't be any lines left that we haven't crossed otherwise. Let's at least leave that one intact."

"I'm not sure I can come right now anyway," Kimo said, referring to the effect of the molly, "but I'm imagining that your insides are the softest, squishiest, warmest, most wonderful place on earth right now. I just want to feel what it feels like."

"Are you sure this is how you want to lose your virginity? With your sister?" Krissy asked.

"With the person I love most in the world, who cares about me and loves me, the person I have the easiest time talking to, out of anyone?" Kimo asked rhetorically.

Krissy increased the length of her slides, and as she reached the top of the motion, she tilted her hips back. The head of Kimo's penis rested directly against the opening of Krissy's vagina.

"If we move, there's no turning back." Krissy said.

Kimo thrust his hips up lightly, and his penis slipped between the wet folds of his sister's swollen vulva and inside of her. Krissy gasped - the sensation was intense and euphoric. "Oh my god!" She exclaimed.

"Oh my god!" Kimo echoed.

Krissy began to ride him slowly, rising and falling atop her brother's cock. He reached up to palm her breasts as she hovered above him. The warm soft wetness of Krissy's vagina was like no sensation Kimo had ever imagined. No hand, not even Cayleigh's mouth, had ever felt so luscious. Krissy had fucked on E many times - the intensity of the physical sensations was not new to her, but she had never fucked anyone whom she loved so dearly as her little brother, and the intensity of the Molly married with the power of her feelings for Kimo, and the intensity of the nerve endings tingling where his penis was sliding in and out of her, was overwhelming. Krissy started to ride Kimo harder and faster, screaming out loudly "Ah! Ah! Ah!" every time she slammed her own clitoris into her brother's public bone.

They both desperately wanted to come, but the Molly, for all its ability to intensify the sensations and emotions of their fucking, put up a psychopharmacological roadblock between each of the siblings and their orgasms. Krissy was panting hard from the exertion, the frenetic pace at which she was riding her brother. Sweat was dripping off of her face onto Kimo's chest at the same time that her pussy was dribbling its juices all over Kimo's cock to run down over his groin. But still, as close as they both were to release, neither could get over that hump.

"God fucking dammit I want to come so fucking bad!" Krissy exclaimed, almost crying, collapsing onto Kimo's chest.

"I know, Krissy. It's ok. I can't come either, I don't think. Fuck, this is intense though!" Kimo said, his entire brain and body buzzing from the Molly and the insane experience of feeling his sister's pussy engulfing his throbbing cock.

Krissy lifted her head from Kimo's chest, having caught her breath at least for the moment. "Check this out." She said, as she lifted herself off of Kimo's cock. It slid out of her, shiny and slick with her juices. Krissy knelt between Kimo's knees and drew his gooey penis into her mouth, using her tongue to clean herself from it. Then she did the same for each of his balls, twirling her tongue over them softly, one at a time, to clean all of her juices from Kimo's scrotum.

"Ahhhhh, oh my god, Krissy!" Kimo exclaimed as she worked his cock over with her mouth. Not even Cayleigh's mouth - the first he had ever felt on his cock - felt this good. He knew it had to be the Molly, but he looked down at the top of his sister's head bobbing over him, her long black hair spilling over his hips, and felt such profound love for her that he didn't even care that that it was all a product of the drugs.

Krissy slithered back atop Kimo and began to kiss him deeply, sucking his lower lip into her mouth before penetrating his face with her tongue, sharing the taste of her pussy with him. The flavor was tangy and sweet, and Kimo let his sister's tongue explore his own.

Krissy dropped her head onto Kimo's chest and panted. "It's like a cruel joke that Molly makes sex feel this good, and makes it so hard to come!" She grumbled.

"Sex on Molly seems almost better than orgasms without Molly!" Kimo joked. "But maybe if you tried your vibrator?" He suggested.

"You're a fucking genius, little brother!" Krissy said excitedly, leaping up to fish her vibrator out from between the sofa cushions where she'd been keeping it in the days since their parents left.

Krissy positioned herself on her hands and knees in the middle of the living room floor. The little voice in Krissy's head telling her that they shouldn't be doing this was receding, growing quieter and quieter. Once lines had already been crossed, what point would be served by getting uptight about it at that point? She thought.

"Put your cock back in me." She directed Kimo. "That'll help."

Kimo didn't need to be asked twice. The sight of his sister's bare ass and dribbling pussy, thrust out towards him and demanding his attention, was irresistible. Kimo knelt behind Krissy's raised ass and slid his cock back into her invitingly juicy slit. He wrapped his fingers around Krissy's hip bones and thrust himself slowly in and out of her. Kimo was pretty sure he couldn't come, but the moist warmth enveloping his penis was a heavenly sensation.

Krissy lowered her head and pressed her face into one of the floor pillows. She braced herself with her left arm on the floor and reached back with her right hand to press the buzzing vibrator against her desperately swollen clit. The sensations were intense. The feeling of Kimo's cock stretching Krissy's pussy, stimulating nerve endings inside of her as he thrust in and out of her deliberately and unhurriedly, was at least as intense for her as it was for him. And with the tactile impact of the Molly magnifying every sensation, the vibrations against her clitoris felt like some kind of erotic jackhammer.

Despite the orgasmic inhibition caused by the Molly, Krissy could feel the beginnings of an orgasm rising within her. "Oh my god, Kimo, I think I'm going to come. Oh, yeah. Don't stop - whatever you do, don't pull out and don't stop. Uhn, uhn, uhn, uhn, uhn, oh fuck yes, uhn, uhn, uhn ..."

"Holy shit!" Kimo exclaimed as the muscles in Krissy's vagina suddenly clamped down like a vise around her little brother's cock.

Krissy screamed loudly as she pushed her ass into Kimo's loins. She pressed herself up, shoving Kimo onto his knees, sitting back against him. With her free left hand, Krissy grabbed her nipple and squeezed hard, her body possessed by involuntary spasms. Her juices began gushing out of her and drenching Kimo's balls yet again. Kimo wrapped his arms around his sister and nuzzled the back of her head while Krissy twitched and moaned, her orgasm ripping through her like whirlwind.

After a couple of minutes as the frequency and intensity of Krissy's spasms began to drop, Kimo spoke. "That was amazing, Krissy. I didn't know I'd be able to feel it when a girl comes."

Krissy dove forward, planting herself face down atop the blankets on the floor, splaying her limbs out wide. "If you can't feel it, you're not doing it right." Krissy responded, huffing for breath, the occasional residual orgasmic ripple still firing off inside of her, making her clench her glutes and shiver. "Kimo - I've had a lot of great orgasms in my short life, but fuck me if that wasn't the most amazing thing I've ever felt."

Krissy rolled onto her back and stroked her own pussy lips comfortingly, planting the soles of her feet on Kimo's thighs. She looked deeply into her brother's eyes. "Less than a week ago you were jerking off on my dirty bikini. Now your cock is slathered with my juices." Krissy chuckled. "What a difference a week makes! Hey!" She exclaimed. "Do you know what feels really amazing on Molly?"

"Yes, sex!" Kimo said.

"That too." Krissy laughed. "But I was going to say 'a hot shower.' Should we get cleaned up before the second half of this trip?"

"Together?" Kimo asked hopefully.

"Duh - dude! I'm not leaving your side until this night is over." Krissy informed him.

"That's good. I don't want you to. I don't want you to stop touching me - somewhere, anywhere." Kimo responded.

"Come on! I'll soap you up and touch you everywhere!" Krissy promised, pulling Kimo by the hand and leading him upstairs to the bathroom in their parents' master suite.

They warmed up the water raining down from the giant showerhead in the substantial walk-in shower stall, and stepped in together. Krissy poured the shower gel all over Kim's chest. She briefly spread it over his torso with her hands, before grabbing Kimo's butt cheeks and pulling him against her. They slid side to side against one another, the hot water and frothy soap lubricating the union of their sibling flesh. Kimo could feel Krissy's hard nipples slipping and gliding over the upper part of his stomach. It would have been a delicious sensation under any circumstances, but the Molly made it exponentially more so.

Krissy spun Kimo around and lathered his back. She knelt behind him and pulled her brother's cheeks apart. Krissy gave Kimo's backside a thorough cleaning, before reaching between his legs to soap up Kimo's taint and scrotum, then stroking his still-rigid cock with her frothy hand. Kimo pressed his palms into the shower wall and moaned, relishing every second of his sister's loving caresses.

Krissy turned Kimo back around to face her. With one hand cupping his balls and the other lovingly stroking his cock, she stood on her tip toes to kiss her brother. Their tongues entwined as the hot water ran over them.

Kimo grabbed the shower gel and washed Krissy as she had washed him. He massaged her small breasts with the foamy lather, before reaching between her legs to press his soapy finger against Krissy's ass. Kimo tickled his sister's starfish with the tip of his finger before pulling his hand between her legs to caress his Krissy's swollen vulva.

The little voices inside both their heads still spoke softly to them about the impropriety of their actions, despite the euphoria and intimacy fomented by the Molly. But in practical terms, what they were doing in the shower was not much different from what they had done when shaving one another earlier in the week. And such lines, once crossed, seemed to fade from view until no longer perceptible at all.

The siblings embraced under the raining shower head, squeezing one another hard. Krissy turned off the water and grabbed a fluffy towel to dry her brother's shimmering skin - head, shoulders, arms, back, buttocks, legs, chest, penis, balls - she carefully patted her brother's naked body dry. Kimo returned the favor, and they strolled hand in hand back downstairs to the living room, the warm night air evaporating the lingering water drops from their naked flesh.

It was half past eleven. Krissy and Kimo were thirsty, but not tired. They gulped the Gatorade they had set out for themselves, and then sat facing one another on the living room floor. Krissy pressed the sole of her foot into Kimo's scrotum and wrapped her two biggest toes around the bottom of his shaft. Kimo he responded by placing his own heel against Krissy's freshly washed vulva. They played with one another's toes as they talked, sharing recollections of their idyllic childhood together - family vacations, toys and games long ago lost or discarded, old friends, holiday dinners, skinny dipping in the pool as grade-schoolers. Neither felt compelled to have further discussions about the sexual connection between them. It was what it was - real, deep, undeniable, and untenable. If there were more conversations to be had, they could wait. Both siblings preferred to maximize the effect of the Molly and revel in the profound feelings of connection and love that they were sharing.

By one o'clock in the morning, the impact of the Molly was fading noticeably. Krissy had to pee - the indisputable sign that the drugs were wearing off. Kimo joined her in the bathroom and stood in front of Krissy with his toes atop hers while she sat on the toilet and emptied her distended bladder.

Krissy leaned forward to rest her head against Kimo's loins. "Aaaaaah! That feels good." she sighed.

"I bet - we drank a lot of Gatorade. I've got to go next." Kimo responded.

Krissy wiped herself and Kimo stepped back to let her stand up. "Let me hold it while you pee!" Krissy said, playfully. "I've always wanted to do that!"

"Fine with me." Kimo said, stepping towards the bowl. Krissy slid behind him and pressed herself against his back.

"What do I do?" She asked.

"Reach around, grab my cock, and point it towards the bowl. And hurry up, because now I've really gotta go!" Kimo urged.

Krissy reached around her brother and grabbed his penis in her fist, peering around his muscular flanks in order to take aim. "How's this?" She asked.

"Point it lower." He suggested. She did, and he tried to relax and release the flow. As he did, Krissy shifted her weight, inadvertently redirecting Kimo's cock, causing him to spray the back of the toilet tank.

"Hey!" Kimo shouted. "Be careful."

"I saw this in a movie once and they made it look easy. I guess it's actually harder than I would've guessed." Krissy responded with a giggle as she redirected the stream back towards the bowl. "I guess I'll have to clean that up. My bad."

Kimo finished and gave his cock a couple of shakes, and said, "Practice, sis. Practice."

"So, bro," Krissy said as they strolled hand in hand back to the living room. "What do you think? Do you want to go to bed, or should we get fired back up with the last of Jens's coke?"

"I don't know," Kimo answered as he plopped back down into the pile of pillows on the floor. "I've never done coke. What's it feel like?"

"Molly is all about serotonin and oxytocin - happiness, love, touch, connection. Coke is all about dopamine - alertness, euphoria, chattiness, horniness." Krissy responded. "It'll keep us awake and talking for at least a couple more hours, but I don't have anything I need to do tomorrow. Or later today, I guess, actually. Do you?"

"Nothing." Kimo said. "What the hell - why not? How do we do it?"

Krissy explained the fundamentals of coke consumption, the offered, "Most people most of time, will use a hard flat surface like a glass table, or a granite countertop, or a plate. Varsity level coke consumption is snorting it off of whomever you're with. Mammorails, gynorails, phallorails, glutorails ..." she giggled at the absurdity of it.

"And a gynorail would be?" Kimo asked.

"Snorting a line of coke off of my pussy and licking up the leavings." Krissy said, laughing hysterically. "It's a real thing, though." She continued, composing herself, "I just did it last night."

"Tempting as that is, I think I should do my first ever line of coke the traditional way - we've got a glass coffee table, let's use it." Kimo suggested.

Krissy knelt down at the coffee table and poured the last of Jens's coke out onto the glass, chopping up one line for each of them, with a little bit still left over. She rolled up a bill and demonstrated the technique for Kimo.

"Whatever you do, don't exhale and don't sneeze while you're over the table. Got it?" She asked.

"Got it!" Kimo said, taking the bill and snorting his line like a seasoned expert.

"Nice work, little bro!" Krissy praised, before showing him how to apply the left-over dust to his gums.

Kimo was not quite prepared for the dopamine rush. "Wow, this shit feels amazing!" he said, suddenly intensely aware of the gorgeous, naked, coked-up girl in front of him. Simultaneously as the dopamine flooded his synapses, the blood began flooding into his penis again.

"You weren't kidding about horny!" Kimo said, grinding his teeth a little as he admired his sister's round glutes before grabbing one in each hand.

"Mmmm - hey there, tiger!" Krissy responded, turning around to make out with her suddenly sexually aggressive brother.

The gentle loving exploratory kisses they had shared earlier in the evening were replaced by lusty, aggressive, forceful kisses. Krissy and Kimo were both feeling horny and making no secret of it.

"I bet you can come now." Krissy said, grabbing Kimo's hard penis with both hands, pumping it slowly up and down in her firm grip. "You wanna try?"

"Fuck yes." Kimo answered. His head was spinning just a little from the intensity of the rush, but his mind's focus was on his sister's sexy lean body and the mounting sensations in his cock.

"Wanna fuck again?" Krissy asked. "Or would you rather come in my mouth?"

"Mmmm - I want to fuck!" Kimo said. "But you said earlier that I shouldn't come inside you, and I don't know if I have that much self-control right now."

"Fuck it." Krissy said. "What fucking difference would it make at this point? You come wherever you want to."

Krissy arranged some pillows on the floor, and reclined into them, sliding one under her butt. She spread her knees apart, and reached down with her hands to pull her lips open, like opening French doors to welcome in a wanted guest. The look of lust on Kimo's face only made Krissy hotter and wetter.

"We haven't done it missionary yet." Krissy said. "Fuck me, Kimo. Fuck me now."

Kimo needed no encouragement. He knelt between Krissy's legs and pressed his cock against her glistening lips, swiping it through her trickling juices twice before pressing it roughly into his sister's gash with a moan.

Krissy gasped. It felt so different to fuck Kimo on coke than it had on Molly several hours earlier. It was no less intense and pleasureful, but now it was aggressive, almost frantic. Krissy loved that intense male animal energy. She hooked her ankles around her brother's thighs and pulled him into her.

"Fuck me as hard and as fast as you can!" She ordered. "Fuck me like you want to hurt me!"

Kimo grabbed Krissy's knees and pressed them up to her shoulders, folding her in two and pinning her to the floor as he accelerated the pace and the depth of his thrusting. Krissy cried out rhythmically, her vocalizations straddling the line between pleasure and pain. Kimo and Krissy both grunted in unison each time Kimo's public bone slammed into his sister's clit. Three or four minutes of this and he couldn't hold back any longer.

"I'm coming, Krissy. I'm going to come in your pussy!" He panted.

"Fill me up with your nasty fucking spunk!" She blurted eagerly. "I want to feel your cock throbbing inside me!"

Kimo tensed and groaned, shooting the first of several jets of his come into his sister's eager pussy. He thrust several more times as the spasms in his cock slowed, before withdrawing himself and leaning back to kneel on his ankles. As his still-hard cock popped out of his sister a few dribbles of his come followed. Krissy rose to her knees and held her hand beneath her pussy as Kimo's semen flowed out of her and onto her palm. She brought it up to her lips and lapped it up with her tongue.

"Yummy!" Krissy said, winking at Kimo with a lurid grin. She bent forward to take his slowly wilting cock into her mouth to suck it clean.

Krissy slid onto Kimo's lap, wrapping her arms around his neck and kissing him deeply so that he too could taste the mélange of their juices that coated her tongue. Kimo's cock started to twitch back to life, pressed up against Krissy's abdomen as they made out on the living room floor.

"Tomorrow is another day," Kimo said, "and we're going to have to figure out what all of this means. But I can fuck again. I can fuck until the coke runs out. I want us to keep banging like porn stars!"

"We've crossed so many lines that we've crossed them all out." Krissy answered. "Bring it! Fuck me again, Kimo!"

Krissy pushed Kimo onto his back and mounted him reverse cowgirl. The sight of his sister's amazing ass rising and falling in front of him was a thing of beauty the likes of which Kimo had never imagined.

As Kimo had said - tomorrow would be another day. But for now, Krissy had never loved anybody or anything as much as she loved her brother when he was balls deep inside of her.

