I like all the stories being published in this site and am thankful to KeralaErotica team for managing this site so nicely. 
I am 45 years old and married with a child studying in 10th standard. I have a happy sex life as my wife is quite beautiful and cooperates with me whenever I wanted sex. But, over a period of time, as it happens in all other things, I got bored of sex with my wife and was seriously longing for fucking someone else for a change. 
Luckily for me the opportunity came for such and experience I was waiting for. It all happened when I went for a business trip to the city where my sister-in-law is settled. She is about three years elder to me. Her husband is a scientist and goes on tours quite often in connection with his research work. They have two grown up children both of whom are working in other cities. 
I reached their house after my work in the evening as I had already informed them. As I was entering their house, I saw my co-brother coming out of the house with a suitcase. He told me that he had to go to another place for two days due to an unforeseen requirement. He told me to make myself comfortable and left in a hurry. 
I got exited with the thought that I was going to spend the night with my beautiful sister-in-law on whom I had a crush. I had on another occasion in the past got a chance to spend a night with her when my co-brother was working in another city and the children were very small. Though we slept in the adjacent rooms, I did not have the courage to make any move, fearing of a negative response. But by this time I was more free with her and I hoped to make use of the situation as I knew that such chances comes only once in a while and it would be foolish to not make use of it. 
I chatted with my sister-in-law (sil) for sometime while she was making tea. After drinking the tea, I took a bath and wore my lungi and T-shirt. My sil was looking very beautiful in a nearly transparent nighty. I could make out curvatures of her bountiful boobs and the big `chandis'. Everything seemed normal as far as she is concerned while I was waiting a green signal from her. Nothing happened till we had dinner and it was time to go to bed. 
I started feeling that such a beautiful chance was slipping away from me. I decided that it was now or never. I suggest to her that we sit in the balcony for some time and she readily agreed. The conversation went in a relaxed way. Then I knew that I had to act. I gathered enough courage and, at an opportune moment, told her that she is looking very beautiful and that I was feeling great to spend the evening with her. She asked me whether I was not missing my wife to which I told her that with such a sil for company who would miss his wife. I saw her blushing and I took advantage of the situation by saying that I had a crush on her from the time I saw her for the first time after my marriage. I could make out that she was melting because of praise I was showering on her. She sat looking down with a naughty smile. 
I did not waste any more time and asked her to extend her hand. She looked confused, but hesitatingly started lifting her hand towards me. For me that was more than enough. I took her hand with mine and kissed it. I could feel shiver pass through her body. I pulled her towards me and kissed full on the lips. She was showing some resistance but I knew that it was fake. I forced my tongue into her mouth and started sucking the saliva. By then she also lost her control and just fell on to me. I took her in my hands and holding each other tightly we walked to the bed room. I was in cloud nine. I just lifted her and kissing her, put her on the bed. I started kissing her from head to toe over her dress and on my return journey took the edge of the nighty along with my mouth. She was more than willing to lift her body up to facilitate removal of the dress. There she was in her bra and panty like a marble statue. I kissed her boobs over the bra and with my teeth and lips removed the hook of the bra and freed her melons. I was going mad with the sight and grabbed one in my had squeezing it and taking the other in my mouth sucking it hard. 
She started moaning thus encouraging me for doing more and more. After taking full care of her boobs for some time, I moved down to her naval. Kissing and sucking her smooth skin I moved down to her love triangle. Slowing removing her panty, I put my lips on the mound and was exited to know that it freshly shaven. The thought that she had anticipated the encounter with me gave my cock a jerk and brought it to it full size. I took her hand and placed it on my cock. As she was waiting for that move, she immediately removed my lungi and T-shirt and started caressing my hard cock. I was in heaven when she suddenly maneuvered herself to come on top of me in a 69 positing and took my tool in her mouth and started sucking it. I kissed her cunt which was just above my mouth and sucked on her clit. We both started moaning loudly. I cannot explain the state in which I was that time. After we had enough of each other's organs which would have taken not less that about half an hour, she turned over and positioned herself so that she was kissing me on my mouth and at the same time her cunt was just above my fully erect cock. 
I one jerk, like an experienced gymnast, my cock was sucked into her cunt and after that there was no looking back for her. It was frenzy and the way she maneuvered herself on me was unforgettable. After about ten minutes of solid fucking, we both came almost together and she fell on my body tired. I was overwhelmed and started kissing and caressing all over her body. Slowly we were back to normal. We laid in each other's arms for some time making small talk during which she told me that she also had a crush on me and used to fantasize about making love to me. Now we were getting hot again and it was my turn to be on top. We fucked like mad in different positions and ultimately got tired and slept nude in hugging each other. I woke up first in the morning and woke her up by inserting my cock in her juicy pussy. We had mind boggling sex for the next two days. 
After that we got one more chance and repeated the performance. Now I am looking forward to the next opportune time. 
