The border never felt so good

This trip had been put off and/or cancelled more than a fat chicks diet after moving next to a Marie Callenders. So, I met my friend in Irvine and after about an hour and a half of decent traffic and parking next to a car that had more shit on it than a than a toilet at a diarrhea festival. My friend and I finally made our way to the border.

	Getting in was no big deal. We walked over this bridge and onto this ramp right into Tijuana Mexico. When you walk over the bridge, you see what looks like the LA riverand the smell of every single Mexicans toilet flushings hits you.  Anyone who Ive ever heard take the TJ trip told me about it, but it wasnt until it actually slammed into my nose did I believe it.  We checked out the local shops and saw how you can buy ripoff designer watches (You damn right, I got one. I can barely afford to spell Rolex).

	The first stop was the nudey bars. Now when you first get there, and I shit you not, there are nudey bars fuckin everywhere and the guys that work there are standing outside trying to get you in like used car dealers. We walked around a while and finally went into one. It was around 1pm, so there were about half a dozen guys there.  Before my friend and I could sit down, two chicks had curled up next to us. The booth we sat at was shaped like a C, so the girls basically had my friend and I trapped in the middle. The chick who sat next to my friend was around 21. She was about 58 (tall for a Hispanic chick) and had great tits that you could see in this see through red crop top. She smiled all the time, and I wanted to fuck her.  The chick who sat next to me  named Lara was a little older. She told me that she was 25, but was probably 30. Her tits were small and she wore this Lycra dress that was almost like a bathing suit. 

	My friend went up for a lapdance.  Now, get this. In L.A, you pay about $10-$25 on average for a lapdance and its only for one song. At this place, I got 5 songs for $40 and not that half song shit either. These were those long play remixes.  The lapdances took place upstairs overlooking the club behind cheesy sheets that served as curtains, so I could see my friend getting his lap dance, but the best was yet to come. 

	While my friend was getting his lapdance, the chick I was with was giving me a massage. That alone was worth $50 (You know what I mean if youve ever gotten a real massage). Any stress I had was gone by then.  She kept playing with my dick under the table and when my friend returned, I got my lap dance. From the time we went upstairs, she was shoving her tits in my face and grinding on my lap. She took the dress off and I there was a thong from heaven. When she turned her back to me, I not only got to grab her tits and her ass, but I got to fingerbang her while she danced. She was kissing all on my neck and shit and Im thinking What a country.  This went on for about half an hour.  I was hard as fuck and to top it off, I was able to check out another chick giving some guy the same treatment in the room next to me!

	After my friend got another lapdance, my friend and I decided to go look for some real action. We walked for about ten minutes as my friend tried to remember where the chicks were. Guys on the street could tell we were tourists and offered to take us to these chicks, but my friend knew where they were and besides we were to fucking cheap. 

We arrived on this street called Revoluccion. Before you knew it, you could see all these girls who ranged in age from about 16-25.  They were all lined up for about three blocks and not a bunch of fat chicks either. Most of these chicks were hot as fuck. Some were as short as about 411 and the tallest I saw was about 510.  There were just everywhere standing on the street. They would all stare at you and many would pull my shirt and ask if I wanted to fuck in either English or Spanish. I didnt remember much high school Spanish, but Fucky-Sucky tends to work well in any language. After going down all three blocks and wanting to fuck them all. I decided on this chick who resembled this girl I knew from college. She was about 55 with short curly hair and a great ass. I asked her how much and she said $20. My friend paid since it was my birthday. I gave her three more dollars for a room and we walked across the street to the hotel. The room was about the size of my bedroom and she quickly took off her clothes. She had just enough hair on her pussy to get you excited, but not enough so youd need radar to see whats underneath. I was standing looking in her eyes and started rubbing her pussy. She laid down on the bed and as I stood in front of her. She started to give me a hand job. All the while she was smiling like it was a job interview and she got the job. After a couple of minutes, my dick was harder than the cement floor. She reached over and pulled out a condom and put it on me. I laid down on top of her and began to think of the chick I wanted to fuck in college and I fucked the shit out of her. She was wetter than hell and I could hear it with each stroke. I felt her grab my back and pull me in deeper. She had been kind of quiet up to that point, but then I heard her squeal and then start to moan. I started sucking on her tits and before long she moaned really loudly as I heard her cum. She kept pulling me into her and as she fed me her tits, I shot a major load inside of her. 

	She quickly got dressed and grabbed my hand and led me out of the hotel, where I met my friend who had fucked another chick on that street.  My friend and I had compared prices and chicks. The chick he was hotter than fuck and a little taller than mine. He paid a little more, but he had gotten a massage. Either way, it was all good and I cant wait to make a return visit. 
copywrite 2002   www.thelustfiles.com