During some of the weird and wonderful encounters I seem to come across in my day to day mad existence I had been introduced to a dominatrix, the Goddess Athena. We had been chatting for a week or so and had discussed some of the things I was into, others I wouldn't mind trying and how far I might be prepared to go along those lines and in the end we arranged to meet. This was the first time I'd really encountered a BDSM scenario other than tame playtime in couples so I decided to make my best impression and dressed up for her in my best blue suit and smart shoes. I walked up to the door of a very normal looking and unassuming terraced house and feeling slightly nervous knocked to announce my arrival.
Those nerves soon dissipated when the door opened and stood before me was a stunning Goddess over six feet tall in her black PVC, thigh length, stiletto heeled boots. I entered and was immediately struck by her beauty, at the top of her smooth perfect legs she wore a black leather mini skirt, allowing my eyes to keep tracing her form upwards a black bra with metal spikes all over and she wore her medium length blonde hair tied back in a pony tail. She invited me to follow her upstairs and as I did I could catch glimpses of the very top of her beautiful legs and the curve of her cheeks as in awe I allowed myself to be led.
I was shown into her playroom, the walls were painted red and lined with many examples of erotic equipment, toys, and clothing. I remember imagining that this must be where fantasy artists and writers get their inspiration for their impractical female warrior costume designs. On one wall was a St Andrews cross with straps to tie wrists and ankles to, hung on a rack next to this was an extensive range of riding crops, leather paddles, wooden paddles, spiked paddles and whips.
The far wall has a full length mirror and shelves full of toys from various different sized butt plugs to dildos small to large some brightly coloured and some very realistic looking. Around the room were seats and PVC padded furniture in every conceivable shape for activities that required some degree of support that were somewhat intriguing as to their uses. Finally there was a raised bench padded again with black PVC and with metal framework supports at each corner with more restraints attached.
The Goddess Athena indicated a stool and instructed me to remove my clothes and to be kneeling and facing the bench upon her return and she left me alone. After another brief glance around the room I disrobed leaving my shoes beneath the stool and my clothing folded neatly on top, I then followed her instructions and knelt before the bench, naked and with my hands behind my back patiently awaiting Athena's return.
It wasn't long before I was rewarded with the sound of her heels clicking on the wooden floor, I heard the door open behind me and her steps approach stopping behind me. My heart rate had increased and jumped even higher when, after a brief pause a riding crop gently slapped my left shoulder, she traced the line of my neck and jaw with its leather tip and, as she leaned forward, bending right over me the crop slid down my chest, over my heart and just stopping at the tip of my hardening cock. I could feel the metal spikes of her bra teasing the top of my head and she asked if I was ready.
"Yes Goddess." I responded.
"Good pet." she purred punctuating each word with an additional tap from her crop. Athena straightened up slowly dragging the crop back up as she did crossing over my chest and gently, but still firmly, tapping my right cheek with it before laying it on the bench before me.
Her booted foot swung across in front of me, her legs now spread my Goddess looked down at me and with her hand under my chin she gently pulled my face up to gaze up at hers, noting as she did this that at the top of her long, smooth legs, under her miniskirt she wasn't wearing anything. From this vantage point I had the most tantalising view of her petite, smoothly shaven, tight, perfect pussy.
"Now let me see your tongue." I obliged eagerly.
"Good pet." again the crop tapped my cheek, and with the taste of leather the tip came to rest on my stuck out tongue, I hadn't even seen her pick it back up. With a tap the crop was again lifted.
"Now you may touch my legs"
I brought my hands from behind my back to touch her flawless, smooth legs. I moved my head towards a leg, tongue still out to taste her skin and kiss her beautiful legs, the crop swiftly returned to stop me. Each word again punctuated with a tap of the crop,
"Ah, ah, ah, eyes on me." I resumed touching her immaculate legs whilst gazing longingly up, my mouth open, tongue out starting to drool. Eventually Athena lifted one leg up, placed the sole of her boot on my shoulder with the heel pressing into my chest.
"You may kiss my boot as you remove it." I was instructed and I did as directed, kissing and worshipping the PVC boot of my Goddess. Sliding my hand along to the zip and pulling down to free her perfect, petite foot. My hands glide back up her smooth leg, I felt excited that I would finally be allowed to kiss the pristine skin of my Goddess'. I moved my lips towards her calf and the riding crop swiftly stopped me.
"Look up at me, mouth open, tongue out."
Goddess Athena removed her foot from my shoulder and brought her foot to my mouth, she slid her toes over my tongue and pushed her big toe into my mouth. She removed her toe then started to push harder back into my mouth, stretching my mouth wide I managed to fit more in as she pushed as deep as she could. When her toes were pulled out again she slid the foot upwards on my tongue all the way to the heel whilst rubbing the sole of her foot, damp with my spit on my face. Her foot removed she placed it back on the floor then lifted her other, still booted foot into the other shoulder and told me to repeat the same process. Again I kissed the boot of my Goddess as I unzipped it and pulled free her leg and foot.
Once more the crop returned me to my position of reverence waiting for the opportunity to worship the other foot of my Goddess, which was duly brought to my mouth. She pushed her toes more forcefully than before into my open mouth and continued to rub her foot across my face while my tongue tasted the whole sole. My Goddess removed her foot from my attention and placed in back on the floor.
"Hands behind your back again." Was the command, I did as instructed then; "you may close your mouth."
Again I complied with the wishes of my Goddess. Her foot was brought up again, so close to me across to beside her other, she turned round and placed her other foot across, spreading her legs wide again in front of me as she did. I had an astonishing view of her buttocks under her mini skirt, smooth and pristine, curving round to create the furrow between them and here I could glimpse her tightly gathered, pink, pleated hole.
She leaned forward exposing more of herself to me and lowered herself until her beautiful sweet pussy was tantalisingly close.
"Do you like the view of my pretty little pussy?" She enquired.
"Oh yes my Goddess."
"You are not worthy to make me come but I will permit you to kiss my pretty lips just once."
I inhaled her scent as she brought her delicate flower to my lips and I placed a kiss directly there. Before long she was sliding further down my nose tracing up the valley between her cheeks pushing up her black leather mini skirt as it went. Her rear was fully in my face.
"You may touch."
I brought my hands from behind my back to caress the soft, round, pert curves in front of me.
"Kiss!"
My Goddess commanded placing a cheek directly in front of me, I did as required and again when her other cheek was in front of me, and when she presented me with the parting between, but never before the command to kiss was issued. My Goddess then bade me to kiss her puckered skin drawn around her tight hole, I dutifully complied.
"Hmmm," came her response "open your mouth, tongue out."
She again presented her cheeks to me one by one, this time instead of positioning herself in front of me to kiss she was rubbing her cheeks across and around my tongue. Then again came the cleft between them up and down before she stopped with her neat, tight hole against my tongue.
"Worship me." She breathed and as she pressed against my tongue I could feel her give way to my tongue at first probing gently then using my tongue to penetrate herself. Moving to slide my tongue deeper each time I could feel her smooth, soft skin on my face as she enveloped my tongue whilst I lustfully lapped at her.
Repeatedly my Goddess was using my tongue to fuck her ass with the occasional moan and murmur. She stood up again,
"Good pet, now lie down." she indicated the bench that she had been leaning on. I stood and climbed on, laid back and felt the leather tip of the crop again tap against the inside of my knee indicating that I should spread my legs apart. I felt her hands as they firmly took my ankle and I could feel her fasten me to the strap attached to the metal post. My other ankle was next, and once secure she ran her hands up along my legs. My legs spread apart like this, shackled I was vulnerably exposed to her as her hands ran up the insides of my thighs her fingertips teased my own anus as she moved to firmly grasp and squeeze my balls. She took her hands from me and walked round to the end where my head was, and in turn shackled each wrist likewise. My head overhung the end of the bench and she stood over me so close to my face, I could smell her natural perfume as her fingers came down and she slid two into her cute pussy so close to me, removed them and allowed me to taste her sweet moistness from her fingers.
"You approve?"
"Oh yes Goddess." I replied.
She easily pulled herself above me using the frame around the bench and brought her ass to me again.
"Worship me." She purred, more forcefully she lowered herself into my face and again used my tongue to penetrate her tight ass.
Rocking backwards and forwards she could control the depth and as I lapped at her she would occasionally push down limiting the air that could get to me and controlling when I could and couldn't breathe. I was totally at her mercy I could hear her moan as she would writhe on my face and my erect cock told her all she needed to know about my own enjoyment. Eventually she stood up and climbed down, I could hear her walk off but restrained as I was I couldn't see and so I patiently waited with a great deal of excitement. I heard her returning and as she stood over my head again I could see she had removed her mini skirt but had put on a harness to which was attached a large, realistically shaped, black dildo.
"Now worship my balls." She commanded and with that the silicon black balls of the dildo were on my face and I opened my mouth to lick them, to kiss them and as best I could, to take them in my mouth. Spit was starting to drool from the sides of my mouth as she rubbed the balls across my face and the length of this dildo ran across my outstretched tongue so I could feel every moulded vein.
The tip was resting on my tongue and my Goddess again rubbed the head of her phallus across my face before she held my head and pushed the tip into my open mouth.
"Suck on my girl cock" she commanded and started to thrust gently at first in and out of my mouth "that's it, good pet, deeper" the deeper she pushed into my mouth the harder my cock stood to attention. I could feel the ridge around the head of her cock and the veins as they passed my lips and along my tongue. She was pressing further into my eager mouth with each thrust, as her cock touched the back of my throat I tried to relax and allow it to enter.
I was really starting to drool now and everytime her cock pressed into my throat my own hard cock twitched. My Goddess pulled her cock all the way back out and allowed me to catch my breath before resuming her thrusts into my mouth and throat now pushing all the way to the balls of her girl cock. Each time there was a pause in my worship duty my Goddess rubbed her cock across my face, spreading my spit around as she did.
This time her cock entered my mouth and slowly pushed all the way to the balls and she held it there, fully in my mouth and throat. I started to gag and she held it in, with each gag I could feel my own cock throb and then it erupted with cum. Athena pulled her cock out of my mouth and I gulped air panting after my surprise orgasm.
"Good pet." She said, as my cock laid down having covered my stomach with splashes of cum. I felt fingers wipe through the cum on my stomach and they were presented to my mouth.
"Eat it up." She demanded, I opened my mouth and tasted my sticky, slightly salty cum off her fingers, I licked and sucked it all off and when commanded to I swallowed it.
"Good pet."
My Goddess walked around the bench unfastening my wrists and ankles from their respective restraints.
"Stand up." I was commanded and once up I was led to the end of the bench, taking my wrists again Athena attached them to the bench in front of me and I was bent forward. Standing behind me I could feel my Goddess as she parted my buttocks and started to spread a cold lube around my exposed rear. A hand grabbed my short hair and pulled my head firmly back, then my head was pushed forward and down onto the bench as her firm girl cock pressed against my own tight hole. I pushed back slightly as the head stretched me, gently she pulled back and forwards probing my hole with the head gradually becoming accepted easier with each push.
Then she was soon thrusting so each prod became a press, each press became a push, each push now a drive and then a plunge being welcomed deeper and further into me. Her hands were firm on my hips and as she pulled back occasionally one would come to slap me hard on a cheek then thrusting harder back into me. Deep now so that I could feel her balls hitting mine as they came together with each stroke, my cock flaccid after having cum earlier was swinging back and forwards with each motion. My Goddess Athena was now fucking my arse hard sometimes pushing my head down with her hand, sometimes pulling my head back by my hair and still occasionally spanking my exposed cheeks. I was getting hard again from the excitement of my Goddess pounding in and out of me and noticing this Athena slowed and eventually, gently pulled out of me. She undid the restraints on my wrists and invited me to stand.
"Was that good?" She asked.
"Yes thank you Goddess." I replied starting to catch my breath.
I was led across the room to a curious 'A' shaped piece of padded furniture with a curved section cut out of the front. "Lay down for me now" I laid as commanded, on my back on the floor with my head framed by the sides of sloped and padded wood. My Goddess had removed her strap on toy and mounted the furniture with one knee either side of my head, crouched low over my head with her cute, petite pussy lips once more so tantalisingly close to my face.
"You may kiss my pussy again, just once" I stretched up and kissed her.
"Now open wide." I did as instructed and Athena stretched herself down so her hands were near my knees she looked back underneath herself so she could see me and a gentle trickle of hot and slightly sweet liquid dripped into my open mouth stopping just as my mouth was starting to overflow.
"Swallow" came the order, I complied and opened my mouth again.
Once more she allowed a gentle stream of hot slightly sweet/tangy piss again into my mouth and stopping before overflowing too much.
"Hold." I lay there with my mouth full a tiny rivulet run out the corner of my mouth and down running down my neck.
"Swallow." and again I did as instructed. My cock was rock hard again, excited as I was and once more a stream was gifted Into my mouth.
"Swallow." This time, as I did I felt lips envelop my hard, pulsing cock causing me to splutter and lose some of my gifted reward. Still supporting herself with one arm Athena took my hard cock firmly in her hand and started stroking me hard her wet pussy lips glistened above me and once more started unleashing a steady stream of hot piss into my mouth. This time she didn't stop and I swallowed what I could allowing the rest to overflow and run across my face and down my neck into the floor underneath me. It wasn't long before she caused me to cum again, over her hand and the final last drops landed on my face from her beautiful wet pussy. She stood over me and brought her hand up to my mouth, covered in my cum for me to clean. I licked and sucked my cum off her hand mixing the taste with that of my Goddesses golden gift. Athena helped me up and led me to her bathroom for a different shower.