A fainting spell in Jacuzzi
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

My wife and I were on vacation. Vacations usually mean drinking bouts for both of us as we hardly ever drink otherwise. So the third night, after we were dead drunk we decided to go to the Jacuzzi. I know they all say that after having alcohol it is not a very good idea to go in Jacuzzi but hey, like I mentioned we were dead drunk and not thinking straight. We were also dressed for cocktails and not for a soak in the Jacuzzi. It was past midnight and there was no one around in the resort. The Jacuzzi was as we thought it would be - empty. I turned the motors on, and my wife took off her clothes and jumped in buck naked. I followed suit. Soon we were frolicking in the bubbling water like two small kids, defying our middle aged mindset.

Being naked in Jacuzzi - and with so much alcohol in my blood - made my cock stir up. Soon it was floating up in the water and I was trying to float so that only the hard cock was visible above the surface. My wife, slightly tingly with the booze, was trying to suck my hard cock, her big breasts dangling like swinging pendulums. She rolled the spongy head of my uncut cock in her mouth and swirled her tongue around it sending dizzying waves of pleasure down my spine. My sperm boiled inside my tight balls, tingling to splatter her mouth with its white seeds. I reached out and started tweaking her brown nipples - something that drives her crazy. 

We were having our fun when suddenly the door flung open and in walked two guests. Seeing us, both grasped in unison at the erotic sight unfolding in front of them. My drunken wife, startled by the intruders' voice, flipped over and hit her head at metal bars on the side. She was out cold in seconds and her slumped body submerged in water. The two guests were faster than my drunk self and they pulled her out in a jiffy. They laid her down on the floor, piling our clothes under her head as pillow. One of the guests started feeling her pulse and proclaimed, "She is dead."

"What the fuck," I mumbled, out of breath and overwhelmed by the sudden turn of events.

The other guest pushed the first one aside and felt for her breath under the nose. Without saying a word, he started pumping her chest and performing CPR. He would count to five and clasp his mouth on my wife's mouth, then he would get up and pump her chest some more. "I got her pulse," he said calmly after two minutes, making me heave a sigh of relief. "But she is still unconscious so can you please go and fetch the resident doctor," he gestured to me. I got up and since my clothes were piled up under my wife's head, I ran out stark naked. Now was not the time to cover up my modesty. Needless to say my erection had long subsided and my cock was coiled back to nestle in my bushy and curly pubes. It must have been some sight to anyone who cared to look - a naked man running around in the corridors of an up-market expensive resort!

The half asleep receptionist popped his eyes open wide in disbelief when I rudely shook him awake. His eyes level with my soft but decent six inches of meat dangling between my legs. Some water splashed on his mouth and he licked his lips. "Yes sir, what can I do for you," he said with his mouth parted open and tongue clicking his teeth. The faggot, I thought. I swung around to avoid his gaze but that only made my wet cock slap him in the face, right on the mouth - the tip of my (slowly hardening) cock slipped inside his mouth for a few seconds (but long enough to feel his warm tongue bathe the tip of my uncut cock with his warm saliva) and came out the other side.

"My wife...er...my wife fainted in the Jacuzzi, can you call the resident doctor and send him in?" He sprang up quickly and dialed the house doctor. As he spoke into the phone rattling to the doctor about a guest's wife fainting in the Jacuzzi, the back of his hands somehow came and rested on my now rock hard cock, his finger tips slowly pinching the tip of my foreskin. My alcohol dazed mind was only sending signals of pleasure to my brain I wanted to release the pressure my wife's sucking had stirred in my big hairy brown balls. So I didn't wince when the effeminate receptionist - an unsavory looking native of about 45 - sat down on his knees and said, "Sir, the doctor is on his way, now while we are waiting for him, let me take care of this problem you are having here." I smiled at him as he hissed his tongue out and licked my wet hairy balls. "Yeah, buddy, take it in, suck on my nuts, roll them in your hot mouth. Fuck my balls," my voice suddenly found oratory skills. But the receptionist complied with my commands and did as I told him. Then I asked him to lathe my cock with his tongue, and slurp up and down the slippery shaft. I asked him to lick the prefuck juice from the puckered tip of my cock. I asked him to take all my cock deep inside his hot mouth-pussy. He did all that. And when I erupted blasts of thick ropes of white cum inside his mouth, I didn't even tell him to swallow but he swallowed every single drop any way. Then I wiped my leaking cock on his hair and cheeks and realized I needed to go and look after my fainted wife. Guilty as a red-handedly caught thief, I ran back (slightly slower than when I ran out) to the Jacuzzi.

The doctor was in. A man in his sixties, he looked like he had just woken up - his hair was all muffled, his clothes were crumpled and his long hard cock was inside my wife's mouth - perhaps testing whether she could breathe or not. I am sure she could breathe because I could see her chest swell and fall down with each intake. But maybe the swell was because of the other two men - the two guests who had helped her earlier. Both were as naked as my wife, but I could only see the cock on one man - in his 50s and black as the night. The other man's cock - definitely much older than 50 and as black as the night - was buried deep inside my drunk wife's hairy pussy. When he pulled it out, I thought it would never end. Inches after inches of pure black fat meat came out, my wife's pussy lips still clinging to his thick bastard making monster. His foreskin peeled back as he pulled completely out of my wife's markedly red gaping pussy. And then he pushed his horsemeat in again grunting and groaning like an animal in heat. My wife didn't look like she was aware of her body being abused in such fashion by men of different races. She didn't look like she minded her body being mauled by cocks different from her husband's. But then she didn't look like she was awake either.

The older man fucked the living daylights out of my drunk passed out wife and in one final grunt pushed in fucking rod deep inside till the root as his curly grey pubes mashed with my wife's brown pubes. I saw his ass clenching and clasping itself as it send millions of black matured sperm racing to meet my wife's baby-making eggs at the entrance of her womb. He stayed there, his thick, fat cock ensuring that no sperm could find its way out. After a few minutes, when his orgasm finally subsided, he pulled out and immediately folded my wife's legs down to soak all of his sperm inside her belly. Once he was done, his younger (only slightly!) friend took over and plunged inside the spooged sloppy pussy of my formerly innocent and faithful wife. His cock, a good 10-inches long and an astonishing 7 inches wide, spluttered through her fat pussy. I thought he would rip her pussy apart but she took it in her stride and soon every single inch of length and every single inch of his black meat was snugly jammed inside her fat-lipped pussy. Even though the pussy lips looked like they were stretched to their max, she laid still, some drunken moans of pleasure escaping her mouth still muffled by the doctor's thick white cock. The doctor slowly got up, his legs astride my wife's head and pushing his thick white cock over her...let go of a gush of yellowish cum straight inside my wife's open mouth. Instinctively, she smacked her lips with her tongue after all of the old geezer's cum was drained inside her mouth. The doctor bent down again and slapped her lovely face with his limp but half hard cock which was still about seven inches long.

He got up and started to leave when he noticed me, "Your wife," he said, "As you have probably seen, is in good working order. We are testing her for any internal damages but so far there seem none. She is only drunk and will come back to in a few minutes or hours. My fee is $100 and if you don't have cash, I can ask the hotel to include in your bill. If you need me to come back to check her again, it will be $50."

I said I had the cash but needed to take it out of my wallet stuffed under my wife. The doctor was ready to wait. So I approached the black man fucking my wife and tried to pull out my pants from under my wife without disturbing the old black man's rhythm. Anyway, he didn't even notice me. The bottom of my pants was directly under my wife's ass so I put my hand under her ass and tried to pull out my pants. The heavy thrusts of the old black man's super thick and long cock were shaking my wife's body wildly and making it difficult for me to steady my drunken hand. So accidentally my hand grabbed the old black man's big black balls as they slapped against my wife's ass while pounding her pussy good with the fuckpole. The crinkly hair on the balls was like Velcro and my hand automatically got pulled away. Soon my hands were caressing his balls even time he pulled out his might black cock - coated with cock cheese and my wife's pussy juice. I thought if I help him cum fast I might be able to retrieve the wallet faster, so I bent down and started lapping up his sweaty smelly balls each time he pulled his fat black cock out of my wife's beaten pussy. He must have liked it judging from the loud grunts. Soon both his big, orange sized black balls were completed dripping with my saliva and he had slowed his fuck pace to let me even swallow his balls one by one and make love to them with my mouth. He suddenly pushed forward and his musky smelly balls popped out of my mouth and instead my mouth clamped on his smelly shithole surrounded by kinky curly hair. The musky smell from his butt hole was driving me crazy and I started dipping my tongue in his bunghole to get a taste of his black old shit. I must have looked like a lust crazy dog...because I didn't even flinch when I felt a round, wet, big object probe at my asshole. I merely opened my hairy legs to give better access to whoever it was. It was only after some time when tired of being bent like this I turned down to lie on my back that I noticed that it was the old black janitor I had seen mopping the floor. The black fucker had his nine-inch long and five inch fat black uncut cock pumping in and out of my virgin asshole.
The black man fucking my wife pulled out his horsemeat from my wife's pussy and accidentally pushed it in my mouth - all 10 inches of it....I gagged and stopped breathing for a minute or so till he pulled his mince-meat-maker out of my fucked throat but only for a short while before plunging the pussy-stretched down my gullet. He fucked my mouth and my wife's pussy in alternate strokes. And finally - just when I thought I would die of asphyxiation he almost killed me by drowning me in his copious cum which rained down on my like hot scalding shower, thick ropes strands landing inside my mouth, eyes, nose, everywhere, I saw he had already blasted half his nut (the stronger jets) inside my wife's pussy.

Anyway, then I pulled out my wallet and paid the doctor $150 ($50 in advance for another check up in the room). Lester and Stocker (yeah, it was Stocker and not Stroker!) - the two black old men - helped me carry my wife to our room while I followed them carrying our wet clothes. Once they had helped me lie her down on the bed, both helped themselves with her pussy hole and they both made me suck their cocks clean and their cum clean straight from her creampied pussy. But I loved it.
