"What are you doing, Tarrant?"

The Hatter freezes, his hand half-way up Alice's skirt, deliciously high upon her thigh. Slowly he withdraws it, and Alice quietly huffs in disappointment, despite the flush burning her cheeks.

"Less than what I could be, Cat."

"Yet considerably more than what you should be." When the Hatter finally sits back on his heels to reveal Alice's tumbled form, Chessur turns his eyes to her. His smile ratchets up, revealing several more teeth. "Alice, how lovely to see you! Are you enjoying the Berrying?"

"Chessur," she acknowledges, torn between giving him a very Nasty look and being relieved that he had been the one to find them instead of someone else (a gossipy courtier someone else). She settles for a Frown. Simple, straightforward and, if the way Chessur cringes back is any indication, effective!

"Oh, careful, Tarrant. It seems our Champion is a bit cross to-day."

"Do you not see the reason why?" Alice asks him, struggling to her feet. Tarrant flushes and reaches down to give her a hand, which Alice takes keenly. He begins brushing off her skirts and straightening her skewed blouse, but stops when he apparently realizes just where and what he's touching, and in the presence of whom. A flush to match Alice's flames high on his cheeks, and he drops his hands as if they burn.

"No. I fail to see any Reason at all, let alone Why," Chessur puffs from his current spot (hovering just above the shrubbery) to wind himself around Alice's shoulders. "Perhaps if I placed myself at your Perspective?"

"The only Perspective ye need to be concerning yerself with is one away from here," Tarrant rumbles.

Whiskers tickling Alice's cheek as he responds to the Hatter's charged statement, Chessur says drolly, "Tarrant, if I had done that, where would you be? Taking a turn among the cabbages, that's where, with Alice's reputation lost along the way. Or perhaps this is what is done at these types of Events nowadays?"

An embarrassed silence follows, and Chessur curls his tail up importantly. "I didn't think so," he says, smug. "I shall, of course, have to report Thackery's dereliction in duty to the Queen. You do understand, don't you, Tarrant?"

Before the Hatter or Alice can respond to such a purposefully provocative statement, Chessur is gone, wisping away to drift off in the direction of the Royal Contingent of Berry Pickers.

"Damn and blast!" Hatter curses. He holds his hand out to Alice. When she takes it, she can't help but to note the warmth that had curled itself around her stomach spreads to her chest, making it suddenly harder to breathe than even when he'd… when they'd…! She'd been so close to Causing something, she just knows it!

With a groan wrenched from his own stomach, Tarrant leans forward, kisses her swiftly, then visibly forces himself to take a step away from her. She tries to follow his lips, but he shakes his head. "Nay, Alice. They'll soon be looking for us, if Chessur makes good on his threat."

Indeed, the words are barely out of his mouth when their names begin to be called throughout the maze, and Hatter grimaces as he mutters several uncomplimentary Outlandish insults towards the absent Cat.

"Really, Tarrant? I thought we were past that. You're coming with me. Now."

Make that the not-so-absent Cat. Alice hears Tarrant growl more uncomplimentary curses under his breath, and she places a hand on his arm.

"We should... just go with him," she tells him.

With a shake of his head to clear the yellowing of his eyes, Tarrant takes first a beat of time and then a deep breath, then nods slowly.

"You're right, of course," he concedes.

"Would you tell her if she was not, with that Key on your person? Lovesick fool," Chessur purrs. Alice feels Tarrant's body tense again, and she hurries to interject, "Chessur, we're coming with you. Just...please, don't."

Surprisingly, the Cat acquiesces to her request, allowing them to travel from their hidden, leafy location in relative peace.

All too soon they are directed out of the maze. Alice sees the line of courtiers standing in wide-eyed silence before they see her and the Hatter; as soon as the first courtier glimpses them, though, a horrified gasp and murmur rises and begins growing in pitch. By the time they are in front of Mirana, the volume of noise, had it been caused by any group other than the White Court, Alice would have classified it as boisterous.

"Miss Kingsleigh... Mister Hightopp," the Queen says, and Alice gulps at her tone. She'd never heard her sounding quite so... vexed, before. Vexed, and yet oddly amused, as if she doesn't know if she should laugh or scold them vigorously. Large brown eyes rove over her form, and then move over the Hat-Tarrant's, as well. Looking at the Hatter (blast! Twice in a row!) Tarrant, Alice can see the source of some of the Queen's amusement, at least. Bits of greenery stick out of his hair; there are blueberry juice stains in the distinct shape of hand-prints scattered in... interesting... places about his person, and his shirt... His shirt is torn in at least three spots that she can easily see. If she looks anything like he does, they must be quite the scandalous pair, indeed.

"This is not a laughing matter, Miss Kingsleigh," Mirana says sharply, despite the gleam in her eyes. Chessur mists and reforms on her shoulders, and even though Alice can not see all of him, his grin of Smug Satisfaction is hard to miss.

"What have you to say about your behavior?" the Queen continues, forcibly reminding Alice of her mother. Her thoughts shy away from such recollections as she tightens her grip on Tarrant's hand.

"Why is the Queen speaking to Lady Alice in such a manner?" Lord Geoffrey's voice carries clearly in the sudden tense silence, and instead of sinking into the background the way that Alice almost expects him to, he steps forward. Alice can feel a rumble travel through the Hatter, and she hisses, "Tarrant!" just loudly enough for him to subside. His obvious dislike for Lord Geoffrey is something that, until that moment, Alice had never understood. It is suddenly very clear, as the young Lord continues to speak.

"'Tis obvious our dear Champion has been taken advantage of by this... by her Intended," he asserts. The silence that had returned to the clearing is completely overtaken by a new wave of shouting—yes, actual shouts, Alice is amazed to note—that continues unabated until the two bears that had been manning the berry stand step forward, the March Hare a twitching presence between them.

"Thackery," Mirana's attention moves to their errant chaperone, and even Alice can tell it is a purposeful redirection, an attempt to lessen the ratcheting tension.

"Tae m'ch time w'h 'ust 'es watch isna gud fer nae man!" Thackery grumbles in self-defense, before Mirana can completely hone her Focus on him.

"I don't care to know how closely Tarrant watches the Time," Chess snickers maliciously, moving from his perch on Alice down to the ground in front of the Hare. "The fact remains that you still left them unattended, and were it not for my timely interference…" he trails off under the Champion's furiously flushing gaze (and, yes, she is furious! Chessur is right to fear that she may unleash her not-insignificant muchness in his direction, a most unfortunate event that would be... for Chessur, in any case). "Yet there are those here that would call me the irresponsible one," the Cat adds, with a significant glance in the Hatter's direction.

Alice is still staring at Chess, hoping that he is not going to suggest what she thinks he's going to suggest. (Tarrant would not like that at all…neither would she, truth be told. What will her chances be of convincing him to forgo this silliness if he feels he has something to prove to another besides herself?)

As this is occurring—in the midst of the Berrying, no less—with so many other couples (and there were a great many other couples now, many more than there had been even a few days ago… Perhaps the announcement that Underland's Champion has begun courting the Royal Hatter had been more than enough for those couples that had feared their suits being denied to step forward... Alice realizes how busy the Queen must have been approving matches. Of course, she doesn't doubt that there are still a fair few others who are simply seeking the attention that would come with having their Courting time at the same moments as Lady Alice's…) present, the young woman knows that she and Tarrant are essentially at the Cat's mercy. If there were no one else around, oh, things might turn out very differently... still, it seems there is something that she can do.

"Where I come from, you're supposed to try to misplace your chaperone," Alice grumbles under her breath. At least, it was intended to be a grumble; the complaint carries even over the noise, and the arguing gives way to stunned stares. Alice is heartily sick of those stares.

"What?" she asks defensively. "I am courting the man, after all! Of course I want to be with him!" As she says this, she looks up at Tarrant, sees his absolute radiance, knows that he Understands exactly what she is saying, even if no one else in their presence does.

He absolutely beams. No, there is no shame here, not between them.

"I want everyone to stop acting like Tarrant is a villain," Alice says. "If one doesn't try to catch a moment or two alone, then one obviously is not really all that keen on their Intended, are they? He didn't do anything wrong! "

"Nay!" Thackery pipes in. "Ne'ther did! 'Twas just lettin' um think twas alone, I was! I'dve been there afore the Moment, I would!"

"The Moment of Conception, you mean?" Chessur snarks, tail waving lazily.

A high – and most likely embarrassed – flush burns on Tarrant's cheeks.

Alice doesn't think she's ever seen the color of embarrassment in his eyes. She leans forward to look, but he lowers his lashes and bows his head.

"That is enough, Chessur," Mirana finally says. She tempers the sting of the musically spoken reprimand with,"Your... diligence in this matter shows your utmost concern for my dear Champion's welfare, as well as that of our Royal Haberdasher."

The Cheshire Cat sputters—actually sputters—as he quickly tries to deny any concern whatsoever towards Tarrant.

The Queen will hear none of it. "Due to your concern, your unique abilities, and the obvious tendencies of this particular couple to... ah..." she trails off delicately and twirls her fingers in their direction, "I feel the best solution will be to officially appoint you as their Chaperone for the remainder of their Courtship period."

"Your Majesty—"

"Your Majesty, really, I don't believe—"

"Is that really—"

"My word is final." Mirana blinks her dark eyes, and silences all their protests. "Miss Alice, Mister Tarrant... you are excused from the remainder of this event. Chessur will see you back to your rooms."

Head bowed (not from shame, but to prevent the courtiers from seeing her amusement at the entire situation) Alice precedes Tarrant, with Chessur ahead of her. As she walks by, she sees the Queen kneel down next to Thackery, hears her hiss in a barely-there whisper, "You let them get caught out? Thackery, I am so disappointed in you!"

"Four!" Thackery informs her helpfully.

"Very True, Thackery. Thank you," Mirana agrees, smiling wide enough to show teeth.

Tarrant snickers, Alice chortles, and even Chessur allows himself a reluctant snuffle of amusement. After, he fluffs his tail self-importantly and drawls, "Come along, Champion Alice. Tarrant."