Showing Myself
by IndianaWoman

Showing Myself Ch. 09

I meet with Jim in Chicago again!

Ok, here is what happened on my next trip to Chicago. Sorry that it isn't wall to wall sex!

Anyway, the next morning I really wanted Kari to take some pics of me so I could show Jim, but it didn't work out. Grrrrr! But I finally made it up to Chicago

In addition to him being incredibly sexy and smart and funny, Jim is very kind. Oh, I wish I could turn myself back 20 years and meet someone like him! Nonetheless, we finally were in Chicago again at the same time. He had arrived a day earlier, and I arrived in the morning and had to go straight to work. God, the day dragged on! Finally, I got to the hotel and cleaned up and dressed in a sexy white cotton dress with a very sheer bra and panties underneath. They were light grey with a black outline and I knew Jim would be impressed! If you haven't noticed by now, I am very feminine and always dress up when I go out in public.

I texted him, and we agreed to meet in the lobby in 30 minutes. Finally the moment arrived and I came down and saw him sitting in the lobby as handsome as ever. I didn't want to make him self-conscious about being with an older woman, so I just gave him a warm hug at first, and whispered that I was practically naked underneath.

But then I asked him if he would mind taking me to Macy's quickly to pick up some nylons, and that it was no more than a mile away. Of course he said it wasn't a problem, and then we would come back and have dinner. It was raining terribly, but ever the gentleman, he had an umbrella ready and waiting.

I told him to just drop me off at one of the entrances, and I wouldn't be more than five minutes. I went in, quickly bought the nylons, and then went out another entrance. I texted Jim and said I didn't see him, and that I must have gotten turned around. So I dashed through the parking lot in the pouring rain around to the entrance he was at, and jumped in his car, drenched.

He looked at me like I was crazy, and said, "Jennifer, why did you do that?? You know I would have driven around and picked you up!"

"Well, you know what happens to a woman dressed like me in the pouring rain? They look practically naked. Guess I have to go back to the hotel and change."

"Wait, you did that on purpose?"

"Jim, you know how it excites me to be looked at, and Americans are soooooo stuffy about nudity, so I thought I could get away with this. What can they say? A lady gets caught in the rain wearing a clingy summer dress and now she has to dash back to her room and put on something dry. I'm the victim here, and they shouldn't be staring anyway, right?"

Jim shook his head and said, "You are unbelievable."

We made the short trip back to the hotel, but I told him to park towards the back and leave the umbrella in the car, because for this to look believable he would have to be at least a little bit wet too.

Jim sighed, and said, "I know if I argue, you'll just come up with something even more outrageous, so ok."

We got out of the car and raced to the hotel lobby, and luckily there were quite a few people milling about either checking in or waiting for the little happy hour bar to open. I looked down at myself, and my nipples were clearly visible through the dress, as was the outline of my panties. The dress was adhered to my legs as I walked through the lobby and people turned around and looked. I made a show of it.

"Oh, I know, I told him we needed an umbrella but Mr Smart Guy here said it would be no problem, he'd just drop me off at the entrance at the mall and come back when I'm ready. I guess he didn't make it clear which entrance! Come on Jim, I'm soaking wet!"

Jim looked at them and just held p his hands and said, "I'm at fault. I didn't see this coming."

It was such a hot feeling. The men didn't want to take advantage of my misfortune, but they couldn't take their eyes off me. My wet dress left very little to the imagination! We got to the elevator, and luckily we had to wait with several other people, and the guys were making sideways glances at me. The door popped open, and several people stepped out and saw me, and I said, "Sorry, got caught in the rain! I couldn't have picked a worse outfit!" We got in the elevator with several guys, and we finally stepped out on our floor, knowing that no one was going to use the "close" button to make it go up sooner.

I pulled him into my room and handed him my phone and said "Take some pictures of me like this, I want to know exactly what they saw. I am so wet, and not just from the rain."

I did some poses from the front and back, sat in the chair with my legs parted and so the dress pressed against my pussy, and I even stood in front of the AC blower so it would make my nipples hard for a better shot.

"Jim, that was so invigorating! You have no idea how that felt! Come here."

We stripped off our clothes and made mad love. I told him we could take our time later, but right then I wanted him so bad and to take me any way he wanted, and then I wanted to feel his cum all over my chest.

He laid down and pulled me on down top of him, and put his strong hands on my hips and guided me down on his cock. He moved his body upwards as I slid down, and I don't think I had ever felt him so deep before. Neither of us would last long like this.

"God Jim, it really seems like you missed me. I wanted to pull my wet dress off in the elevator in front of everyone! That made me so hot!"

"You didn't need to. You were practically naked anyway."

"Just hearing you say that just turns me on Jim. I'm squeezing myself around your cock. Do you feel it?"

I got my answer when he started thrusting even more intensely. Because of the way I used to play years ago in the theaters, I was used to teasing myself and delaying my orgasm for a long time, but now I just wanted to cum.

"Jim, I'm right there, but don't cum yet. I want you to soak me. I want to see your cum pour out of your cock."

I grabbed his shoulders and let myself go. I could barely control myself as I convulsed on his cock! We definitely were going to have an amazing week!

After he made me cum, I got on my back and told him to straddle my chest so I could suck his cock. He entered my mouth and I stroked him with my hand, wanting to make him cum so hard. I brought him to the edge and then stopped, over and over. He said he was going to cum no matter what, so I let him slide out of my mouth and I stroked him until he covered me! He collapsed beside me as I looked at his cum, as though it was the first time we'd been together.

I jumped up after a minute and got my bag, saying I had to pick out some dry things.

"Oh, ok, I do too, so I'll meet you in the lobby at 8:30?"

I called from the bathroom, "Perfect Jim, see you then!"

I met him in the lobby once again, wearing a leather skirt and blouse with a camisole underneath. There were still a few familiar faces down there from earlier, and I just shrugged and said, "I guess I'm better prepared for the rain this time. Sorry about that earlier!"

We sat at the bar and told the bartender we'd have a drink first and then get a table. I asked Jim if he liked our little adventure.

"Well, it really paid off for me I guess."

"It paid off for me too. I'm still wet thinking about it."

I took out my lip balm, and touched up my lips.

"It's my favorite kind. Want some? I need it during this summer heat up here."

"No, I'm fine, what kind is it?"

"Oh, it's your cum."

Jim practically choked on his drink and said, "What??"

"Jim, you know I really adore you, but are you paying any attention at all? You have shot your cum in my mouth, on my panties, on my face, everywhere, right? And how many times did I jump up and clean it off? Never. So what did you think I was doing earlier when I jumped up? I was putting it in my little lip balm container. You sure you don't want some?"

"The only thing I'm sure about is that I'm bringing my own toothpaste If I ever stay at your place."

I laughed and said, "Oh Jim, I wish you could really know how much I'm attracted to you. I love your humor and your kindness and understanding, and your incredible lovemaking. And you let me be me without thinking I'm an embarrassment to you."

"No, Jennifer, you aren't an embarrassment. And yes, we have really seemed to hit it off. And I know you're concerned about the age difference, but let's not think about that. You aren't a booty call to me at all."

"Thank you Jim, I appreciate that, really, and I'll try to behave for at least two hours, ok?"

"I don't think that's possible. It's only been two hours since we met in the lobby earlier, and look what you've already done. We're sitting at the hotel bar with my cum on your lips."

"Well, I'll still try. Now, I need you to come out of your shell. What are your deepest fantasies and desires? Don't hold back, there are no rules as long as it's consensual. I have a whole diary from my earlier days, and maybe I'll let your read it sometime. All I ask is that you never hurt me or humiliate me, because I trust you completely."

"Don't ever worry about that. I won't, not to mention your revenge would make even Hitchcock's skin crawl."

"Ok, don't ignore the question, tell me a fantasy."

"I don't know, it's embarrassing to say them, that's why they're called fantasies."

"See, that's what I mean! Let yourself go Jim! Should I start asking random people what their fantasies are? Because you know I will, unless you tell me one of yours."

"I'll bet they say it's to see a woman with a see-through dress and sheer bra get caught in the rain."

"I love that Jim, you are so clever. But you had your chance." I saw two young ladies about Jim's age walking towards us, and decided to bring them into our little discussion. They were both attractive, and one was married. The single one was very cute, with a tall, slender figure. Before Jim realized it, I spoke up and said, "Excuse me, I need your opinion on something?"

Jim had that Jim look, afraid of what might come out of my mouth, but he knew it was too late.

The two girls looked at me, and I said, "So, I'm Jennifer and this is my friend Jim, and I'm going to tell you he is one of the smartest and kindest men I've ever known. And no, I'm not trying to fix him up with one of you, and he isn't my guy and he isn't trying to pick me or anyone else up. But he's kind of shy, and I just want him to be more comfortable talking."

Jim looked at them and said, "I'm really not shy. I have no idea what she's talking about."

"Right Jim. You just told me it's embarrassing to tell someone a fantasy. Listen, he and I were joking around and I shared a fantasy of mine, and he said he didn't have any. That's impossible. So I'll tell you what mine is and then you tell me if I'm weird or disgusting."

Jim just muttered, "Oh my God...."

"Ok, in college there was this really hot professor, and I had a fantasy that after class one day I would go up and flirt with him and tease him, and then we would start making out until, you know, we had sex. It's just a fantasy that I found exciting. It's ok, right?"

The girls nodded, and agreed that they've both had fantasies about college professors too.

Jim jumped in and said, "Yeah, but if I had said my fantasy is to be a college professor and then one of my students came up and flirted with me and then we had sex, you would have called me a perv."

"Oh Jim, you don't get it. Yes, that would be a pervy fantasy because you are the one in power. In our fantasy, we're students but we take power from him. It's so exciting!"

The girls agreed completely and I asked them what they had for a fantasy. The married one said, "Well, the other day I was upstairs and I looked out the window and there was a guy across the street trimming trees and I realized he could look right in my window if he wanted to. I imagined how hot it would be if I had just gotten out of the shower and had no idea he was there, and got on the bed and did some work on my laptop and didn't even notice him."

I turned to Jim and said, "See, that is really hot! I would love that to happen to me! But Jim, remember your fantasy can't be the guy trimming trees, because no one likes a peeping tom. That's how women and men differ. So, your turn now. Just try."

Jim thought for a moment, and then said, "Ok, I'm working at a hotel in housekeeping, and one evening a guest requests extra towels. I walk in and say, 'Housekeeping, you needed extra towels?', but the guest is laying on the bed naked. It was a total setup, and she pretends to be shocked and then tells me to come over and join her."

The three us just looked at Jim, and then the married girl said, "Not bad, maybe I should leave my room key", and laughed. I said, "I don't know Jim, that sounds too contrived, like someone else thought of it", and I glared it him. I looked at the other woman, and asked her what her fantasy was. I also looked at her more closely, and noticed she was very attractive. She was very pretty, feminine, and quiet. She was the observant type too, whereas her friend did the talking.

"Oh, I don't know, whatever happens I guess."

With anyone else I would have pushed her a little bit, but not her. She had a very kind and sincere demeanor, but was also the type who didn't need the attention.

"That's fine, it's always the quiet ones anyway that are the wildest", and I smiled at her.

We chatted for a few more minutes, and I got the sense that the quiet girl liked Jim. So, I said, "You know, we're going to have a bite to eat, and I assume you are too, so afterwards lets have a glass of wine and chat some more. I'm sure Jim would doesn't mind spending his evening with two beautiful ladies like yourselves."

They agreed, and I knew the quiet girl couldn't wait. I said to Jim, "The quiet one is really into you. I sense it. And she's your age. You need to talk to her."

"I'm here with you, not to meet someone else. There is no interest whatsoever. Besides, she could be from anywhere."

"Jim, a woman sees these things. But ok, it still won't hurt to have a glass of wine."

We had dinner at the bar, and during the dinner I got a text from Kari. I hoped nothing was wrong on their very first night alone! But I read it and was pleasantly surprised.

"Jenn, I feel silly asking you this, but I was wondering if you could suggest something I could do with Mike that would surprise him. You know what I mean?"

"Oh, feeling a little adventurous are we?"

"Well, you are so wild! I just want to surprise him."

I said to Jim, "This is so cute. I'm letting the young couple I told you about stay at my place while I'm up here, and she's asking me for sex tips to surprise him. Got any ideas?

"I'm sure you'll come up with something."

"God, I have to do everything! Ok, whatever."

I quickly texted Kari back. "Ok, get on top of him and ride him. You know how to do that, right? But before either of you cum, get off and slide down and take his cock in your mouth and tell him how you love to taste yourself all over his cock. Then hop back on. He'll be impressed, trust me."

I showed the text to Jim and asked if that was ok, and he said sarcastically that I had to include more detail.

I sent it, and I got a text back, "Ok, I'll try. How do you even casually type something like that? I'd be so embarrassed!'

"Kari, just let go and have fun. He won't judge. I'm right here if you have other questions."

Wow, now I had the visual of what Kari was doing while sitting here with Jim! I could just imagine her body as she took Mike's cock. He's in for such a treat.

"Jim, just imagine this. There is a cute young lady that looks kind of like me 30 years ago having sex in my house right now. That's going to be us later."

Anyway, we finished our dinner and then moved to the comfy chairs by the fireplace, and I motioned to the two girls to come over when they were finished.

They came over and we chatted some more, and then I said, "Jim, I don't really know you. Give us your life story in 60 seconds."

"I really don't like to talk about myself."

"Oh, there's a shocker. Just try."

Jim sighed, and said, "Well, I joined the Marines after high school, got married a year later to my high school sweetheart, did several tours overseas. During the last one my wife said she didn't know me anymore, which is code that she found someone else, and we got divorced. I didn't reenlist, and went to school instead. I studied project management, and I'm now a project manager for an architectural firm, and hate every minute of my job. I'll leave at the end of the year and get a job for a construction company that leans towards more boots on the ground. In my private life, I rarely go out. I come home and cook dinner and sit on the front steps and eat and watch the world go by. I like to read, and usually spend my evenings doing that unless there is a ballgame on. How was that?"

The married girl said, "57 seconds, very good!"

He sipped his wine and said, "Just like a good Marine."

I never knew that side of Jim. It seemed sad in a way, but he is so darned grounded and mature! It made him ten times hotter than before, if that is even possible!

I asked the quiet girl, who had since introduced herself as Lisa, about her life, and she had a similar story. She got married early, went to school, and had a couple of kids, but then the marriage fell apart. She lives in Minneapolis and has a good job, and will just continue working until her kids are settled before she even considers dating again. But then she and Jim started bantering back and forth, and they seemed to have so much in common, right down to the books they read!

I said to the married girl, "Come over to the bar with me and suggest a wine that you two like. It's on me."

We stepped over to the bar and I said, "Is it me, or do Jim and Lisa seem to have a connection? Don't they seem like they would be a good fit?"

"Oh yeah, I see it too. She never talks to guys, ever. I work with her, and she never goes out after work or anything. I had to beg her to come down here tonight, and she only came so I wouldn't be alone."

"Do me a favor. I want to get Lisa alone for a couple of minutes. Can you come up with a reason to get Jim out of here?"

"I don't know, I'll try to think of something."

We went back to the table and continued talking and laughing, and then the married girl said, "Jim, you know what? We are flying out tomorrow and I have to return my rental car in the morning, and I didn't even check where the little handle is for opening the gas cap door. Could you go out with me quickly and make sure I don't look like a fool at the gas station? Don't judge me, it happened before."

I thought to myself, "This girl is a genius!", and Jim, being the perfect gentleman, was glad to help and didn't make fun of her.

As soon as they left, I said, "You and Jim are really hitting it off. You like him? Just tell me, don't you think he's hot and super nice at the same time? I know I do."

"Oh, every guy can put on a show in the beginning. But yes, he's very nice."

Wow, that was cynical! She's been hurt before. I'll have to reassure her.

"But do you think he's handsome? I know he's attracted to you, and he is so darn picky! He never talks to women! I see his body language, the way he cocks his head to the side slightly so he doesn't miss a word. He's taking you very seriously."

"Yes, he's very handsome. It's been a fun night, thank you for inviting us."

God, she is just too sweet! Perfect for Jim!

They came back, and the married girl said she felt so stupid, because the little door just opened on its own, and she didn't even need a Marine after all.

We talked for a while longer, and I even told them of the earlier escapade of me getting caught in the rain and how Jim even pretended it was his fault just to make me feel better in front of everyone. That really scored some brownie points with Lisa. Then, we had to say our goodbyes. Jim of course just shook Lisa's hand and said it was a pleasure to meet her, blah, blah, blah, and Lisa, being old fashioned, just said she enjoyed it too and still didn't ask for his number! They left the lounge area and were walking towards the elevator, and I grabbed Jim by the shirt and yanked him close to me.

"Jim, if you let that girl get around the corner and into the elevator without giving her your phone number, you are the biggest idiot in the world! She is into you! And not only that, she's perfect for you!"

"She lives in Minneapolis. I'll never see her again."

"You don't know that! Do you expect to meet someone on your front steps? You have maybe five seconds left to fix this. I thought you were a Marine!"

He just muttered something, and dashed out of the lounge. He came back in a few minutes, and sat down.

I said, "Well?"

"I told her I would like to give her my number just in case we cross paths again."

"Jim, you devil! I take it all back, you really do get things done! But let's get down to business. Did you like her? Did you think she was hot? Do you like her type? She's at least six inches taller than me."

"Yes, she was nice to talk to."

"Oh God, please tell me you will say something more complimentary than that when you see her again! Didn't you notice her tiny waist and the way her breasts filled that tight little shirt? And her beautiful smile? And those long legs? And yes, she was very nice, but the quiet ones are always wildcats in bed. I'll bet she would turn you inside out."

"You're not quiet, but you're still a wildcat."

"Actually, I am very quiet. I was shy growing up, and always a loner except for a few close friends. But when I trust someone, like I trust you, I give myself completely. That's how she is."

"It's a moot point because I'll never see her again and she'll never text me. Besides, you are the woman sitting right here in front of me and I want to go upstairs right now."

"Ok, but I warn you, I'm bringing Lisa into our fantasy tonight. I can read her like a book. It'll be like she's right there."

We left the lobby and went back to my room. We weren't so rushed this time, and I just stripped down to my bra and panties, preferring Jim to remove them eventually.

"You know what? I'll bet Lisa is masturbating right now, thinking about you. Imagine her room is right above ours, just feet away."

I reached down to myself and rubbed myself through my panties.

"I'll bet Lisa does it just like this, and then slides her panties off and spreads her knees wide when she starts getting close to orgasm."

I let my hand wander down to Jim's cock, and he was so hard!

"Looks like Lisa is having an effect on you too. I wish she was here with us. Would you like that? I can't even make up my mind which would be hotter- me watching you two, or her watching us?"

"How about me watching you two?"

"Oh, that figures, every man's fantasy is to see two women! Ok then, imagine the three of us came up here together from the lobby and are lounging on the bed having a nightcap. I let my hand rest on her thigh, but she doesn't resist. You notice this and decide to move to the chair by the bed and observe."

My thoughts went back to lounging on the bed with Monika, which I had never told Jim about. I decided to recreate those times, while going a little bit further.

"I gently unbutton her shirt, saying that I admire her figure and just want to see what she's wearing. Just as I expected, she's wearing a very feminine bra that compliments her body and smooth skin perfectly. Is that how you imagine Lisa too?'

I ran my hand up and down Jim's cock, and got my answer. Women should know that guys fantasize about other women all the time, so why not take advantage of it? I'm going to end up enjoying Jim's cock ultimately, not some fantasy girl.

"I could tell you liked her. I liked her too. I wouldn't mind pressing my body against hers at all. Now that I had unbuttoned her shirt, I'd ask her if she would take it off, and she does it without hesitation."

I asked Jim if that was something he'd like to see, and he just planted a kiss on my nipple as I felt his cock swell even more. I continued.

"I'd tell her that we should put on a little show for you, and she pushes off her jeans and I undress too, so we are sitting there beside each other in just our bra and panties. We can see your cock trying to burst through your pants, and we tell you that you can take it out if you want."

I was stroking Jim's cock more vigorously, and in my mind Lisa and I moved up and leaned against the headboard beside each other.

"Oh Jim, right now I'm taking Lisa's hand and placing it on my pussy, and I'm doing the same to her. She's not even protesting. Would you like to see that?"

Jim moved down and pulled my panties off and placed his lips on my pussy, which was dripping wet by now.

"You know what I would like Jim? I've tasted another woman before, and I would love it if you got on top of me while Lisa lowered herself over me."

Of course, I had only tasted another woman before because I licked Monika's wetness from her fingers (more than once, I'll add), but Jim didn't need to know that. I ran my fingers through my pussy and brought them to Jim's lips.

"This is what Lisa tastes like. I can't wait for my tongue to please her."

Jim climbed on me and I felt him enter me. Oh my, this was the best sex yet! I told Jim to not hold back, to just plunge deep inside me.

"Oh Jim, Lisa is so wet, you are making her this way. You know she's playing with herself right above us, but she's right here with us too."

Jim couldn't take it anymore and I knew he was getting close.

"Jim, I want you to cum inside me. Just let it go, I want us to be complete. I want you so bad!"

Jim stopped thrusting, and I knew his first stream of cum was filling me. He moved slowly in and out, until he finally collapsed on me, holding his cock inside.

I let him catch his breath, and I rolled him off and straddled him, and let his cum seep over his cock. Just as I had told Kari, I slid down and took his cock in my mouth.

"Jim, I can taste you and me both on your cock. This is so erotic! You are an amazing lover! You know what I want now? I want to lay in your arm and you reach down and bring me to orgasm with your fingers. Please? Do it like you think Lisa would touch me."

In moments I was clutching Jim's chest and felt his fingers slide through my wetness. His touch was perfect, just like I touch myself, and believe me, I've had a lot of practice! Seconds later, I was shivering in my own orgasm.

I know, that is more graphic than I usually get, but that's how I felt at the moment! I never have a problem letting go, and I'm very vocal during sex, but I was so driven that night. Plus, we were just getting started, but I'll leave that to your imagination!

Anyway, after our virtual tryst with Lisa, Jim looked at me and said, "What was that all about?"

"Why, didn't you have fun? It sure seemed like it. I loved it! Like I said, I can read Lisa like a book and she would be great for you. And you've already had sex with her, sort of."

"You are impossible. But I love it."

I slept in his arms all night, and the week was just beginning!

The next morning I got a text from Kari, and I asked how it went.

"Jenn, you should be a sex teacher!"

"No, I just give hints. You do all the work. But I enjoy helping you find your true self. You are incredibly sexy, you know."

"Oh, no I'm not. You are, but I'm just a regular girl."

"Not true. Tell you what, we could do something fun together. I told you I want some sexy pictures taken of me for Jim, and if you aren't too shy, I could return the favor."

"Jenn! You mean nude and everything?"

"Gee whiz Kari, yes, nude and everything. Otherwise I'd ask Mike's parents to do it. How would you like that? Or does seeing a naked old lady creep you out?"

"No, I'll do it! And you are not an old lady! You are just so sexy and it intimidates me."

"I'll bet Mike thought you were sexy last night. How many times did you cum? Did he cum inside you? I want details!"

"I can't tell you all of that Jenn!"

"Yes you can. You want me to tell you what Jim and I did last night? The first time he came all over my boobs and I swirled it all over my fingertips and tasted it. Oh, and I'm still naked and was just thinking about him. Five times a day, right?"

"Ok, ok, we'll discuss it when you get back!"

"Are you still in bed Kari?"

"Yes, I just woke up."

"I guess Mike had to go to work, huh?"

"Yeah, I just have some studying to do."

"Would you like to see pictures of me when I was your age?"

"Yes, that would be so cool. I'd love to see them."

"If you go in my bedroom closet, there is a blue tote that has some albums and boxes of photos. The yellow album is earlier pictures."

"Ok, I'll get it. Hold on."

There was a pause, and I was debating if I would tell her to take out the metal box that had all of the pictures that Monika and her husband took of me. Just the thought of her looking at them started to get me even warmer down there.

"I found it Jenn. Oh, and I love your bedroom. You should be a decorator."

"Thank you Kari. By the way, there is a metal box next to the tote that has some glamour pictures of me in it from the same time. You can look at those too and see what I have in mind for pictures of Jim."

In a couple of minutes, she texted that she was looking at the yellow album.

"You were so pretty! I love your hair. You haven't even changed that much."

"Yeah, right. It was a very a nice time. Open the metal box and you'll see more, but I warn you that some are explicit. But the tamer ones are like what I want to send to Jim."

There was another long pause, and then Kari texted me back.

"Jenn, are you sure I should look at these?? You really are wild!"

"I have nothing to hide. Are you looking at the ones where I'm naked and looking out the window, or where I'm on the bed, you know, playing around. Or maybe with my friend."

I became soaking wet, knowing that she was looking through my pictures, and also knowing she was too shy to tell me about the most explicit ones.

"Jenn, I would be so scared to do that! You are much sexier than me."

"Oh no, I've seen your body. Don't make me ask perfect strangers how sexy you are again. You know, there are photographers out there that will make glamour pics of you. Back then, you know what my friends said that took those pictures? That I would appreciate it when I got older. I do."

"Ok, but I could never do that."

"Yes you can. Tell you what, you give me your camera or phone, and I'll take pictures of you. No one will ever know unless your show them. You are the first one except for my ex that has ever seen these."

"Really?"

"Yes, really."

My fingers were now doing double time through my pussy, trying to read her and seeing if she is getting excited looking at me.

"Which picture are you looking at?"

"Uh, you are in the shower kneeling down, and, you know."

"Kari, you can say it. Yes, I was masturbating. We found it erotic to have pictures taken of me like that. Look for a picture that has another woman in it. That's my best friend, Monika. She would always dry my hair and brush it after I got out of the shower. We weren't lesbians, but we were very close friends."

"Yes, I found some pics of her. How old was she then?"

"She was 33, and I had just turned 20. Which picture are you looking at?"

"God Jenn, it's embarrassing to say!"

"Just tell me. No one else is reading our texts."

"Ok, you two are leaning back on the headboard, and you are both naked! She has her hand down there covering herself, and of course you are showing everything and one hand is touching one of your nipples."

"Ok, so you get the idea. You are young and beautiful, and we'll take some pics if you like. At the very least, I want you to take pics of me. I trust you. And tell me something and be completely honest, because I'm honest with you."

"Yes?"

"Did it excite you looking at those pics? Not because you like looking at naked women, but because you want to do that too?"

"Yes, it is exciting."

I was rubbing myself silly, and I decided to sign off and let Kari think about this.

"That's good. I've got a meeting at ten, which gives me enough time to finish what I started and then I have to get ready. We'll talk later, and I hope you lounge in bed a while too."

"You are impossible Jenn! I really like you."

Funny, that was the second time this week someone said I was impossible. If you can imagine me at that moment, my eyes were closed with my fantasies going wild, and my fingers were bringing me to an amazing orgasm. It's the best feeling in the world!

That evening I met Jim at the hotel bar again, and we were discussing what we would do. He's such a sweet guy, and said he googled around and said there was a nice little township a few miles away with some outdoor cafes and we could go there.

"That sounds wonderful Jim, as long as I end up sleeping in your arms tonight, among other things."

Right then, he got a text, and he looked and said, "Huh, Lisa just texted and said it was nice talking last night."

"Well, ok, what are you going to tell her?"

"I'll tell her I enjoyed it too."

"Oh please, do not say that and do not send any text unless I approve it first. Say that you were hoping you would hear from her. You were, weren't you? If you weren't, ignore her text."

Jim typed something and showed it to me. "Approve?"

Seconds later he got a big smiley face back from her.

"See? That other text was so lame. Not all women will do all the work like I will, you know. Now say something complimentary about her appearance. Not too over the top, just something sweet. That is, if you like her."

Jim thought for a moment and typed something.

I looked and said, "Not bad Jim, you really are a sweet guy! Send it!"

They texted back and forth, and she told him he could call her after 9:30 if he wanted to, once she got the kids to bed and all that.

"Wow, Jim, even I didn't see this coming. She really likes you. Ok, let's go to that place you mentioned, and we'll be back by 9:30 anyway, and you can give her a call while I make sure you aren't screwing this up."

"You don't think that's kind of weird that you'll be monitoring what I say?"

"Jim, we already had a threesome last night, right? What's the harm in me playing matchmaker a little bit? I adore you, but I'm not jealous."

I placed my hand over his crotch and felt his hardness.

I whispered, "Hmm, are you thinking of me or her or both? I'm guessing you really liked those long legs of hers. I did too. If I was into women, it would be someone like her."

"I could tell, you were quite animated last night."

I felt his cock grow harder.

"Yum, I think I'm in for a treat tonight. Come on, let's go so we have plenty of time later."

We paid for our drinks and left for the spot he was talking about. It really was nice, and we strolled around and had a wonderful dinner with a cappuccino afterwards. I even behaved myself, but only because I knew we would be having a lot of fun later.

We got back to the hotel and he came up to my room. I had changed into a silky top with no bra, and a matching pair of booty shorts.

"You like this outfit Jim? I've always liked silk."

"You are gorgeous, as always."

"I don't know why, but I'm feeling extra naughty tonight. I was texting with the girl that's staying at my house this morning, and I swear we were having phone sex. I mean, I know I was, but I suspect she stayed in bed a little longer. You don't mind that do you Jim? Me playing with myself while telling her what a wonderful lover you are? Don't worry, I won't tell Lisa."

I pushed him on the bed and pulled his pants off and slid up beside him and unbuttoned his shirt. I took his phone from his pants pocket and handed it to him and said, "It's after 9:30, time to call her."

"I wasn't going to call her tonight. I would look desperate."

"Oh, says the guy who sits on the front steps and eats dinner by himself! You are desperate! Good god, call her! I know these things!"

"I'll text her and say if it's a good time, she can call."

"Ok, that isn't too bad, you at least sound considerate."

"Are you going to be right here?"

"What do you think? Of course, I have to be here in case you start talking about math equations or something. When you start going off track, I'll punch you in the arm, ok?"

He texted, and within a minute his phone started buzzing. Good sign!

"Hi Lisa, how are you this evening?"

I just rolled my eyes and shook my head, and whispered, "That's all you could think of to say the last three hours??"

He continued. "Yes, I know what you mean, I never do this either. But I really did enjoy talking to you last night."

Hmm, that was a little better. They continued talking and Jim actually didn't do too bad.

"Oh, Jennifer? Yes, if it wasn't for her I wouldn't have run around the corner before you got in the elevator. She travels here for work too, and we've talked before. She's kind of a mother hen, and she thought we should at least stay in touch."

I looked at Jim and punched him in the arm and whispered, "Me?? A mother hen?? Does a mother hen do this??"

I slid down his body and pushed his boxers down and took his entire cock in my mouth. I let my lips slide slowly upwards, and I could feel him growing hard. I mouthed the words to him, "Am I distracting you?"

Jim tried to glare at me, but he knows he could never get mad at me. He resigned himself to his fate.

They continued talking, and although they tried to be casual, I could tell they were feeling out if future business trips might help them cross paths again. I moved back up but kept my hand on his cock and whispered, "She really wants you Jim. She would be doing this right now if she was here."

I stripped the remainder of my clothes off and straddled his chest, and leaned back and let my fingers slide through my pussy. I don't know why it turns me on so much, but the fact that she was on the phone made me melt!

They continued and I have to say, this is the problem with an Indiana guy meeting a Minnesota girl. They kept going and going about mundane stuff! I was afraid they were going to swap recipes or something!

I slid back up and whispered, "If you don't say something sexy right now, I'll rip that phone from your hand and tell her I was pretending to lick her pussy last night. She'd probably be relieved that the boredom is finally over."

He looked at me, and I took his cock in my hand. I'll have to give Jim credit that he can really multitask, because he was still hard.

"Well Lisa, it was really nice to talk to you. And I wanted to tell you that if I seemed to act awkward last night, it's because I found you very attractive and I couldn't focus really. It was so unexpected. But it was fun talking tonight and I really hope to see you in person again at some point."

Well, Jim, not bad at all! I'm sure that gave her something to think about tonight! She's probably wondering who that mystery man is!

"Ok, so did I pass?"

"You did great Jim! You are a very charming man. But what is it with the mother hen thing?? Is that how you see me?"

"You know I didn't mean that. I just didn't want her to think we're an item. I already feel bad enough misleading her. I mean, you were sucking my cock while I was talking to her."

"Oh, it's only because you made me mad. But you know what? If you two become an item, I promise I will gracefully step aside, under one condition."

"I knew there would be a condition."

"Oh, stop it. The only condition is that I get to see her again so I can give her some pointers about fashion and stuff. That's all."

"And stuff? Uh, why am I worried?"

"You should be glad instead. Otherwise you'll be spending your wedding night making cornbread or something."

"Maybe she likes quiet homebodies like me, ever think of that?"

"I'm thinking she was imagining jumping your bones while she was on the phone. I'll bet she was even pinching her nipples and touching her pussy while she was talking to you."

"Your imagination is running wild."

"Well, if you play your cards right, those legs are going be wrapped around you and she won't let go. Until then, you'll have to settle for me."

Oh, we made such amazing love that night! I told him he could be in charge and I'd do whatever he wanted. I can tell you, if he and Lisa ever get together, she's going to be a very lucky girl.

The next morning I texted Kari again.

"Did you have a good night last night?"

"Yes! Mike's parents came over for dinner just like you said they could, and we had a great time. It was the first time they ever took me seriously. Thank you!"

"Kari, I have a sense about people. I knew it would bring you all together. Next thing you know you and Mike will be having sex on their dining room table and you won't need my place."

"Jenn!"

"Ok, tell me how many rooms you've had sex in so far. Just between us girls."

"Just the bedroom."

"Yeah, right, don't make me text Mike."

"Ok, the living room, and a few minutes in the kitchen! Happy?"

"Very. Kitchen sex is amazing. I think it's because it's the most unlikely place. No blankets, no comfy pillows, it's just cold and sterile. What did you do? Did you grip the countertop while he took you?"

"I won't tell your everything Jenn, but it was fun."

"I think it would be easier to tell you all the places I haven't had sex. I can't think of any right now, but I'll let you know."

"You are so funny Jenn, except I think you're serious. Btw, I took some pictures of myself last night for fun, but I deleted them."

"Why? I want to see them!!"

"I looked so silly and immature. It isn't me."

"Oh stop it. You have a natural beauty. Look, I'll send you a pic of me so you see what I mean. I'm an old lady, and I don't care."

I had put the silky top and bottom set back on, and pulled the top down almost to my nipples and took a pic and sent it.

"See, that felt totally natural. I didn't even include my face. Now I want you to send one back to me. I don't know what Mike has bought you, but even a simple cami and panties would be fine. Just between us."

It took about five minutes, but a pic popped up with her wearing pick panties and a white cami. She is so cute!

"Well Kari, tell me how it feels that you are laying there while someone hundreds of miles away is looking at a sexy pic of you."

"I don't know, I'm nervous I guess."

"Well don't be, I'll delete it even though it doesn't show your face, and honestly I don't send people pics either, not even Jim. But I'll take some pics of you in person for you."

"Maybe, we'll see."

"Kari, I do have one request, but feel free to say no. Can I show this pic to Jim and say this is the girl staying at my house? I want to see what he thinks."

"I guess you can, but why would a hot guy like that want to see a pic of me? "

"Oh Kari, you have no idea how men think. I'll let you know how he responds. By the way, do I look like any particular actress or famous person? Just curious."

"Oh yes! Naomi Watts! I thought that the second I saw you!"

I googled some pictures, and she really isn't wrong. I can see the resemblance. So there, now you know what I look like!

I told Kari to have a wonderful day, and I went to work, and it dragged on so long. Finally I got back to the hotel.

"Hi Jim, how as your day?"

"Same old thing. We meeting at seven?"

"I can't believe it's Thursday already! I'm so sad. This is our last night."

"No, it isn't. We'll get together soon."

I sighed. I really liked Jim. "Ok, see you at seven."

I got down to the lobby first, and the bartender asked, "Is your boyfriend joining you?"

"You are silly, he isn't my boyfriend."

"Well, you look like it. Just sayin'."

Right then, Jim walked up to the bar and gave me a very worm kiss. Hey, at least he hasn't dumped me for Lisa yet!

"You know what Jim? I was just thinking about some playful fantasies, and I hope you indulge me."

"Sure, all I do is indulge you. I have no choice."

"I know, and you are so good to me. But ok, before I mention my fantasies, tell me about Lisa? Have you texted today??"

"Yes, a couple times."

"God Jim, don't be such a robot. Give me your phone and let me see."

"We just texted normal stuff."

"Fine, so show me."

He relented and gave me his phone. Ok, I'll be honest, I glanced at all of the people who have texted him, and they were all work people except for Lisa and me. I saw Lisa's texts, and gave the phone back.

"You're such a stud, and you're charming in a quiet way. And she is really into you. Don't screw this up."

"I'll be fine."

"I know, and you two have a future. I see it. But do you still like me?"

"Well, that's out of the blue. Of course I like you."

"Good. I really hope you get with Lisa, but until then I'm your woman. Hey, want to see who's staying at my house while I'm gone?"

"Sure."

I showed him the picture of Kari.

"I know, no face, but she's very attractive. How about that sexy little bod? She and her guy have been having sex all over the house while we're up here."

"Why am I not surprised? Don't get me wrong, I'm glad. I'm just not surprised you know that."

"Oh, we talk every morning about our hot guys. I sent her a pic of us together, and she says you're handsome."

"She must have daddy issues."

"Oh, stop it. Her boyfriend is nice, but once I told her you were a Marine, she took that pic and sent it to me for you to look at."

"Yeah, right."

"Ok, you caught me. But we do use you in our fantasies."

"Guys are terrified by what women talk about."

"You should be. But in your case, I went on and on about how sexy you are. I really wish I had Lisa's number so we could chat."

"In your dreams."

"You have to trust me Jim. Just think it over, and when it's the right time, give her my number."

Anyway, we had a wonderful evening and night, and I went back to Indiana the next day.

By the way, during this time I told Kari she could share the yellow photo album with Mike if she wished, and I texted him afterwards and said to finally look for a porn star that looks like I used to look. It's so weird, he came back with someone, and it's scary how similar she is to me!

He said I used to look like "Dolly Leigh", and if I look at her picture and my pictures side by side, it really isn't out of the question. I won't flatter myself, but I think between Naomi Watts and Dolly you now know what I look like.

The next chapter will be about my first date with Rolf. It was fun. Bye Bye!
