Emma's Naked Mall Run
byMonolith2001©

'Oh my god,' thought Emma, 'I can't believe I'm about to do this!' She had thought for a while about it... going naked, through a crowded mall... she had fantasized about it for a while, but never thought about actually doing it... until now. So there she stood, about 200 feet from the mall, on a secluded hill beside a small forest. She decided to take her clothes off there, so she'd have longer to walk to get her clothes at the end. She stripped down... taking her shoes off, then her socks... shirt, skirt, bra and panties, and finally she was completely naked. She blushed a little, but smiled, knowing what she was about to do.

Covering herself, she walked towards the mall. Slowly at first, but she picked up the pace once she realized just how many people were there. She quickly got to the doors of the huge place... she had planned it all out... she would go in, find a map, visit a few stores, buy some things and leave. Some money gripped tightly in her hands, she opened the door and felt the cool air conditioning on her bare skin. She looked around, seeing how many people were looking at her. She was wet already. She uncovered herself and started walking, a bit more slowly. She wanted to save herself for the mall, and... well, she certainly had. Emma went through the packed mall, seeing the giant sunroof as she approached a map. "Hmm..." she bent right over, hoping people stared. She looked at the map, finding a few good stores.

Emma walked slowly towards the music store. She went in and browsed for a few minutes before walking out. She tried to keep herself hidden as much as possible, because, though the town she lived in didn't mind nudity, it was frowned upon in small stores such as that one. She kept walking, this time picking her pace up a little, this time to an ice cream shop. "Ooh," she said, looking at all the flavours they had. The cashier looked at her in shock. 

"Um, can... can I help you, miss?" the man said, looking at her body questioningly. 

"Yes, I'll have a scoop of vanilla, please..." The man nodded and scooped it out as quickly as he could, trying not to pop a boner. He handed it to her and she payed the man. "Thank you," she said, leaving the store. She went, then, to a jewelry store. Not to buy anything; just to browse. Again, the cashier looked at her weirdly. She left the jewelry store quickly, after her horniness grew too large to handle. 

She went to leave the mall, then then had a thought. 'Wait... I could... no...' She looked around, walking to a nearby bench. She shrugged. 'Why not? When am I ever gonna do this again?' she spread her legs wide and, after a few seconds of people observing her, she started rubbing herself. "Ah..." she closed her eyes, though opened them again quickly, making eye contact with passers by. She transitioned from rubbing her pussy to fingering herself. She inserted a finger slowly, getting faster and more vigorous, and eventually she orgasmed, getting a lot of people's attention as she came loudly. She got up, walking away quickly, hoping nobody had seen the mess she had made on the bench. She ran outside, going through the crowd of people, only to find out, when she got to the hill, that her clothes had been taken. 

Oh, this was going to be a fun afternoon. 

She ran past people, hoping they could see her... not bothering to cover up... she looked at the wandering eyes of the people walking down the street. Her house was not too far from here, but... she thought she'd take the long way around. She smiled and went across the road, passing by a few random women, and almost running straight into a man. She apologized and kept going. There was a park right by here. She was getting wet again. She walked right up to it, feeling the cool air on her nipples. She looked over at the event that was going on... some kind of festival. Full of people. She walked, slowly, through the crowd, getting wetter as she did so. Her nudity did seem to draw some attention, and she was loving it. She smiled wider as she finally got to the other side of the park. She kept on going, her house still a few blocks away.

She finally got to her street and ran up, wanting to get home as quickly as possible so she could masturbate again. She ran up the street and got to her house... the last one on the block. Eventually she got there and realized she didn't have her key. Though, she knew something like this might happen eventually, so luckily she had an extra one under the doormat. She unlocked the door and stepped inside, feeling the tile floor underneath her bare feet. Finally she sat down on her couch, with her blinds wide open, and fingered herself again. She decided to spend the rest of the day naked. Maybe even longer than that.
