“Gordon.” Sam takes the man’s hand and gives it a firm shake. “Thanks for coming.”

They’re meeting in one of the Bellagio’s private rooms for what is supposedly a high-stakes poker game. Although the stakes couldn’t possibly be higher, in Sam’s opinion, there won’t be much card playing done this afternoon.

“Your brother’s a good man,” Gordon says. His voice is as soft as Sam remembers: almost effeminate. He sounds incongruously like he should be wearing pink and discussing fabric treatments. “He’s a good hunter.”

Sam meets Gordon’s muddy eyes and knows that if the man knew what Dean really was, he’d be first in line to put him down. He’d shoot Dean in the head without hesitation, probably cut his heart out and salt and burn the corpse to make sure the job was done. Then he’d wash up and go out for a drink to celebrate another monster destroyed. Actually, with what Sam’s capable of these days, he isn’t sure that he wouldn’t make it on to Gordon’s to-do list as well.

None of that knowledge is on his face as he smiles and agrees, “He is. Did you guys have a good flight?”

His gaze lifts to take in the three men flanking Gordon. The man directly to Gordon’s left has a craggy face and sandy brown hair, and he’s wearing a Henley and a cross and smiling a little vaguely. To his left is a slightly overweight man with a goatee and dark hair. Standing a little behind and to Gordon’s right is a short, Hispanic man with a bit of a squint and a scar permanently curling his lip.

With the exception of the man with the goatee, none of Gordon’s friends meet Sam’s gaze. The sneering man is too busy scanning the room for some imagined threat, and the man with the cross doesn’t seem to be looking at anything at all. It’s amazing how much faith in these men Sam is … well, not having right now.

“Let me get a few things straight with you, Sam,” Gordon says, pulling Sam’s attention back. “I don’t much like you. You and me, we’re from different worlds, and I think you know it too. I also think you’re full of yourself and one hell of a condescending bastard.”

Sam’s polite smile freezes on his lips.

“I’m not here for you, and I’m not here for the cold-hearted bitch over there.” Gordon nods to Bela, who is sitting at the table and shuffling the deck of cards that will almost certainly not be getting any use this afternoon. Bela gives him a cool smile in return and shows no sign that she heard the insult or is bothered by it if she did.

“I’m here because Dean Winchester doesn’t deserve to die fighting a bunch of vicious freaks for some rich assholes’ amusement,” Gordon continues, as soft and toneless as ever. “So I’ll fight, and we’ll bring Dean out with us. But I’m not going to buddy around with you while we do it, okay?”

As he meets Gordon’s flat gaze, Sam has to resist the urge to shiver. Bela called the man a fanatic, and Sam agreed with her, but the term doesn’t fit Gordon as well as it did a year ago. He’s moved past mere fanaticism and on into the realm of batshit crazy. Sam can see it in Gordon’s absent smile, and in his eyes, which are so much like a rabid dog’s that Sam’s flesh crawls.

Swallowing his revulsion, Sam gives a curt nod and lets his easy-going mask slip into something more professional. “Okay,” he agrees.

Gordon gestures to his left without taking his eyes from Sam and announces, “This is Kubrick and Creedy.” Nodding to his right, he finishes up the introductions with: “Reagan. No relation to the president.”

Sam hesitates, uncertain if that was meant to be a joke or if Gordon is just that unhinged. Reagan isn’t smiling like it is, but then again Reagan hasn’t stopped studying the walls. There’d better be a hell of a lot more to these men than there appears to be.

Letting the joke (if that’s what it was) pass, Sam heads back to the table. “Make yourselves at home and we’ll start coming up with a plan.”

That’s a bald-faced lie, of course: the plan has already been locked into place—he and Bela and Bobby cemented it upstairs. The purpose of this meeting is to get Gordon and his merry band of madmen to agree to the plan, while simultaneously convincing them that they’re actually the ones coming up with it.

Piece of cake.

Sam sits down next to Bela, overcome with the nagging absurdity that she’s the sanest person in the room apart from himself. Gordon sits across from them, Kubrick to his right and Creedy to his left. Reagan has left the doorway, and is busy making a slow circuit of the room. Gordon follows Sam’s gaze and smiles.

“Can’t be too careful these days,” he says.

Sam isn’t sure how to respond to that, but luckily he’s saved by Bobby’s arrival. Bobby’s wearing his waiter disguise again, coke-bottle glasses included, but even with them on he doesn’t miss the two guns pointed in his direction. Sam’s eyes flick toward Reagan and he corrects himself: three guns. Gordon’s the only one who hasn’t drawn, but Sam isn’t foolish enough to think that’s because he isn’t armed, or is slow on the draw. He’s just the only one here who knows Bobby.

“Guns up,” Gordon says, and there’s a soft click of safeties being put back on. Creedy puts his pistol away as well, but Kubrick just lays his on the table. When Sam glances at Reagan, the man is still holding his revolver loosely in one hand while he looks behind a painting.

Despite his too-fast pulse, Sam feels comforted by the display. Whatever else these men are, they’re fast.

Now that he’s not in danger of being shot anymore, Bobby comes the rest of the way into the room and shuts the door behind him. He puts the tray of drinks—whiskey for Gordon and his friends, iced tea for Sam and Bela and himself—down on the table and then pulls the glasses off.

“Walker,” he grunts, blinking in an effort to clear his vision.

“Singer,” Gordon responds. He sounds even less thrilled to see Bobby than he was to see Sam. Sam wonders if there’s bad blood there: if Bobby would tell him if there were. Probably not.

The floor plans of the Arena that Bobby pulls out from underneath his suit jacket and passes around the table have been edited: all of the guard stations and cameras are still there, of course, but numbers have been slightly altered, and some of the nastier booby traps have been left out. If everything goes well—if Ash has as much control over the Arena’s operating system as he said he would—then Gordon and the others will never even know those security measures existed.

As they get down to business, Bobby still doesn’t look thrilled with lying. There’s obvious—to Sam, anyway—reluctance in his voice as he plays his part in the charade, but at least he’s going along with it. And neither Gordon nor his flunkies know Bobby well enough to read the self-disgust in the man’s eyes.

Sam himself feels only a growing sense of relief as things fall into place.

Despite everything that he’s arranging to make the assault easier on them, these men are probably going to die. They’re going to walk right in through Vincent’s front door, tossing hand grenades around like rice at a wedding and shooting everything that moves, and they’re going to do it in the belief that they’re opening a path for Sam and Dean.

And while they’re busy dying, Sam is going to sneak his brother out the back door.

He should be bothered by his lack of guilt, but he’s past that now. He doesn’t know if that’s because his concern for Dean is fuzzing his other emotions out like heavy static, or if the darkness in his mind has already polluted him to the extent that he no longer has a conscience. It doesn’t much matter either way. Not as long as he gets his brother back.

The cell phone Bela gave him when they first got to Vegas—the one registered to Simon Carver—rings around four o’clock when Kubrick and Creedy are arguing about entrance points. It’s Bela’s turn to herd them in the right direction, so Sam excuses himself, stepping just outside the room, and answers.

“Hello?”

“Simon. It’s Vincent Camargo.”

It isn’t like Sam expected it to be anyone else, but for some reason he still feels caught off guard. “Mr. Camargo,” he says, “How are you?”

“I’m fine, and yourself?” Pleasant and proper as always.

“I’m in the middle of a card game, actually,” Sam answers, and Vincent makes an apologetic tsking noise.

“Dreadfully sorry to interrupt, but I had some news on our Fenrir.”

Dean isn't ‘their’ anything: he's his own man first and then Sam’s. Sam’s brother, Sam’s friend, Sam’s everything. Forcing down his anger, Sam says, “And?”

“Unfortunately, he isn’t healing as quickly as I’d hoped. I’ll have to cancel your appointment for tonight.”

Sam flashes on Dean lying on the hospital bed, uncharacteristically small and broken, and a painful lump lodges in his throat.

“Mr. Carver?” Vincent prods.

“That’s … disappointing,” Sam manages.

“I’m terribly sorry for the inconvenience. If you’d like, I could have him ready for you earlier than usual tomorrow. He isn’t fighting, so he’ll be available any time after his five o’clock feeding.”

Vincent’s talking about feeding Dean in the same off-handed tone he might discuss watering a horse and rage shatters the pain clogging Sam’s throat. But he refuses to let his anger get in the way of the opportunity he’s being presented with.

“Five will be fine,” he says. “I hate to miss the fights, but I think he can find some way of making it up to me.”

“I’m sure he will,” Vincent agrees. Sam can hear the insinuating smile in the man’s voice and tightens his grip on the phone. “I’ll let my staff know to expect you at five, then. Shall we be seeing you and Bela this evening?”

Sam wants to say no. He wants to stay here and finish working through the plan with Gordon and the others: it’s taking longer to convince them than he thought it would. Apparently, crazy doesn’t necessarily mean stupid. He knows what’s expected of him, though, and this close to the finish line they can’t afford to arouse Vincent’s suspicion.

“Of course. We’re looking forward to it.”

“Excellent. I’ll see you then.”

When Sam lets himself back into the room, both Bela and Bobby look at him with the same question in their eyes. They know as well as Sam did what a call on that phone meant. Reagan raises his eyes—and, briefly, his gun—and then goes back to looking over one of the floor plans with Gordon and the others.

Sam gives his head a slight shake and Bobby’s face takes on a pained, pinched look. Bela just regards Sam steadily for a few moments—probably gauging his ability to continue functioning while Dean is lying on a hospital bed—and then turns her attention back to the men. Sam keeps his own gaze on her as he sits back down at the table.

What are you after? he wonders as she smiles encouragingly at something Creedy says. As usual, there’s no answer forthcoming. Whatever Bela wants, Sam’s sure that it’s going to pop up and bite him in the balls when he least expects it.

He’s just lucky that way.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
In a very real way, Sam doesn’t attend the fight at the Arena that night. His body sits in the seat beside Bela’s, and his hands clap when they’re supposed to. He leans forward and presses the green button: opens his mouth and exchanges pleasantries with a couple of faces that are becoming familiar by now (faces that belong to people who maybe fucked his brother, but he doesn’t let himself think about that).

His mind, though, is firmly entrenched within itself. Turning over the plan that they’ll be executing in what he’s been assured will be a few more days at most and looking for flaws. Searching desperately for places that Bela will be able to toss a wrench into the works and fuck everything up in an attempt to secure whatever she wants from Dean. Looking for ways to guard against what he senses is an inevitable betrayal.

The problem is that Bela’s going to be inside the Arena when everything finally goes down. It was her own idea, but a good one: with Bela in sight, it might take Vincent a little longer to connect the attack on his front doors with the prize trapped twelve floors below. Unfortunately, that puts her on the same side of the line as Sam, and too goddamned close to Dean for comfort.

By the time he crawls into bed late that night—or is it early the next morning?—Sam has to admit that there isn’t any way to prevent Bela from making her move. He’s just going to have to be ready to stop her when she does.

No dreams tonight, he prays as he stares at the ceiling. Just let me get some real sleep for once.

Prayer or not, he isn’t surprised when the darkness that surrounds his half-dozing mind splits open to reveal a motel room. God’s been ignoring him for over a year: just a sight longer than Sam has been hating God back. One quick, fearful prayer isn’t going to change that.

The motel room Sam finds himself in is the same, non-descript one that he’s seen a thousand times before: dark carpets and walls to hide old stains; scuffed wood furniture; two queen beds, one empty, one piled with familiar bags.

Dean is standing with his hands griping the edge of a bureau, staring into the mirror with fierce concentration.

“Dean,” Sam says, and his brother turns with the slowness of dreams.

Dean’s hair is too long. He’s wearing a choker around his neck: a silver, snarling wolf head. His eyes are brilliant and green, swimming with tears, and there’s a vivid red line on his right cheek. Last night, that mark was a wound, pulled closed with stitches, and tomorrow it will be no more than a memory. The left side of his face is a sunset of bruises.

For a few seconds, Sam is almost blinded with guilt. He’s gone and fallen into Dean’s mind again, and this time his brother is aware and looking at him: he sees Sam here, he knows. Sam searches for the words that will explain the violation, for a plea for the forgiveness that he knows Dean won’t be able to offer.

“Sammy,” Dean breathes out on a low exhale. With a burst of that blurred, inhuman speed, he moves and is suddenly standing close enough for Sam to feel the heat of his body.

He’s going to hit me, Sam thinks with cold clarity, but Dean doesn’t.

Dean grabs him by the hair and hauls him down, and fuck those full lips are even softer than they look. Shocked, Sam gasps and Dean seizes the opening to push his tongue inside Sam’s mouth. Sam moves his own tongue in a hesitant slide along his brother’s and Dean moans into him, filling Sam’s mouth and lungs with spent, Dean-flavored air.

Oh fuck, Dean is kissing him.

Relief hits Sam, so fast and intense that it cramps his stomach. He knows what’s happening now: knows that he’s safe in his own head. Dreaming a real, honest to God dream.

Which means that tonight, at least, he can have what he craves.

Sam groans his brother’s name into the kiss and then reaches up to cup Dean’s face. Angling his brother’s head back, he pushes forward. Dean fights him for control of the kiss for a moment, twisting his hands in Sam’s hair, and then he gives a full-bodied shudder and folds. His mouth goes wide and loose, and Sam shoves in like a goddamned virgin, all eager fumbling and lack of finesse.

From the way his brother moans again, low and needy, he doesn’t mind.

Gradually, Sam regains a little more control. He eases off enough to suck Dean’s lower lip into his mouth and goes to work on it while his fingertips caress his brother’s cheekbones. When he fits his mouth back into place over Dean’s an unknown amount of time later, Sam tilts his head and changes the angle, taking the kiss into a deeper, gentler rhythm. Dean’s hands flex in his hair, all of their clever competence destroyed in the face of Sam’s hunger.

Sam could do this forever, but if he’s going to have a reprieve from the darkness for a night—if his mind is going to offer him Dean on a silver platter—then he wants everything. He forces himself to pull back from the kiss and Dean chases him for a moment before he makes himself stop.

Now that Sam’s fears aren’t tormenting him, Dean’s skin is whole and healthy. He looks younger—twenty-six instead of twenty-eight—and his eyes are jade green and dazed. Instead of the wolf’s head choker, he’s wearing the bull-horned amulet that Sam came to accept as a part of his brother over their year together after Stanford.

Sam wraps his hand around the amulet as Dean tries to catch his breath. “Do you trust me?” he asks.

Dean nods jerkily and licks his lips. “Yeah, Sam. ‘Course.”

Sam lets his hand fall away from the amulet and gives his brother’s chest a light shove, knocking him back a step against the foot of the bed. Dean teeters for balance for a moment and then Sam is there, pressing him back and down and following. He catches those sinful lips again: moist and slightly parted and all but begging for Sam’s mouth.

It’s even better the second time around because now he can feel Dean beneath him: Dean’s legs spreading open so that Sam’s body falls into place between them. He can feel the hard line of his brother’s cock pressed against his own erection: Dean flushed and thrusting up with a desperate gasping sound.

So willing. So beautiful. So perfect.

As Sam fumbles for the bottom of his brother’s shirt, his head swims with a curious doubling sensation. He’s drawing up Dean’s worn Metallica t-shirt, he knows he is, but somehow he’s also thumbing open the buttons on a long-sleeved button down. Dean is helping him in both dreams (visions?), clumsy with need and getting in the way more often than not. Keeps distracting Sam by dropping kisses and bites on his neck and jaw line.

“Let me do this,” Sam growls, frustrated, but Dean doesn’t seem to hear him.

“Need you,” he says, fighting to get at Sam’s skin through his clothing. “God, Sammy, I need this, need it to be you, just once, please.”

Dean’s voice is raw and filled with so much yearning that it turns Sam’s stomach. Something’s wrong: the tone, the voice, the words, they’re all wrong. Sam starts to draw back—catches a glint of silver at the hollow of Dean’s throat, splash of purple across his brother’s cheek—and then Dean yanks him back down.

Dean’s right hand works at Sam’s pants as his left cups the back of his neck, pressing his face down against a broad, pale chest. The ginkgo leaf is right in front of Sam, and his concern melts away in the face of the lust pounding through him. He turns his head to let his tongue and lips finally taste that freckled flesh and the dream tips sideways.

Sam’s naked, they’re both naked, and he has three fingers slicked and moving in and out of Dean’s ass. Dean writhes, fucking himself down on Sam’s hand and moaning. The amulet is a gold glint by his left nipple, and his cock looks painfully hard, curving up toward his stomach and leaking precome as Sam preps him.

“’S good—want—want more—come on, can take it—‘m ready—”

Dean’s legs widen, knees coming up as he tilts his hips to show Sam just how ready he is. Sam watches as his fingers disappear into his brother’s hot, slick center and knows that this is going to kill him. He’s going to have a heart attack before he even gets inside.

“Your cock,” Dean begs, rolling his hips. “In me.”

But Sam can’t make himself stop fucking his brother with his fingers. Dean is so gorgeous like this: strung out and helpless and begging for it. It’s got to be the most beautiful thing that Sam’s ever seen.

Then the queer doubling returns and everything changes. The room’s shadows look like bruises on Dean’s skin, and his eyes aren’t just desperate but broken. He’s crying: weak sobs shaking his body even as he drives himself down onto Sam’s fingers.

“Don’t tease,” he moans. “Don’t—not like that, want it—God, let me feel you—don’t m-make me beg, please, not like—”

Them, he’s going to say, and Sam knows it. But the word breaks as Sam pulls his fingers free and slams home. It’s like shoving his cock into a furnace: so hot and tight inside, despite the preparation and the lube, that it has to be hurting Dean. Sam immediately tries to pull back out, an apology on his lips, but his brother’s hands are like chains on his hips. Dean’s thighs are trembling, and sweat shines over his pale, unmarked skin in a halo.

“So beautiful,” Sam groans instead, and, “Dean.”

Dean shakes at the sound of his name, sliding his hands up to clutch at Sam’s shoulders. “Again,” he pants. “S-say it a-again.”

“Dean,” Sam repeats obediently. Tries to put everything he feels in that one word: all the love and devotion and irresistible need that have haunted him as long as he can remember. “Dean.”

Dean brings his legs up and hooks them at the small of Sam’s back, crying out as the motion slots Sam deeper. Sam drinks the cry from his brother’s lips like water, like blood, like everything he’s ever yearned for and never thought he could have. He hovers over his brother’s mouth as Dean babbles, words spilling from him in an incoherent rain.

“Fuck me—oh, God, fuck me—want it hard, feel you—just you—so fucking big, Sam, never felt—not like this—so good—I d-didn’t know, I—gotta move, gotta—”

“Shh,” Sam whispers, and then presses their lips more firmly together and cuts off the rest of his brother’s words. There isn’t even a pretense of resistance this time, just Dean opening for him, and Sam can no sooner stop himself from taking what’s being offered than he could stop his heart from beating. He’s too accustomed to saying yes: too used to Dean bending over backwards to give him what he wants.

In real life, of course, Dean would kick Sam’s ass if he tried for so much as a chaste kiss on the cheek, but this is Sam’s dream. Here, Dean wants this as much as he does. Wants it more if the way that he’s doing his best to start a rhythm is any indication.

Sam is determined to make this good for both of them, though, and he makes himself wait for the tight sheath of his brother’s muscles to loosen. When he’s reasonably sure he isn’t going to do any damage, he leans up on one elbow for leverage and touches the side of Dean’s face with his other hand. Dean’s eyes, which slipped closed as he struggled for friction, fly open.

Holding his brother’s gaze with his own, Sam pulls back until he isn’t breaching Dean with anything but the head of his cock, and then thrusts in. He puts his entire body behind the movement, and the impact edges both of them up the bed. Dean gasps and digs his fingers into Sam’s shoulder blades. His muscles tremble helplessly around Sam’s cock, gripping him as he starts the dragging slide out again.

“Fuck—say something—Sam—wanna h-hear you, please—need to know it’s you—”

“Dean,” Sam pants, offering up the only word he remembers: the only one that ever mattered.

“Love me.” It’s a plea covered by the thin, brittle mask of a command, and for once in his life Sam has no intention of balking.

“Always,” he whispers. “God, Dean, always.”

Then there’s no talking, only the rough noise of their breathing and the slick sounds of sex. Sam works his hand between them and grips his brother’s cock, jacking it awkwardly as his hips speed.

Need blurs the edges of the dream, turning everything ghost-like and leaving Sam disoriented in the midst of his passion. Dean keeps changing beneath him with each thrust until Sam isn’t sure which brother he’s making love to anymore: the invincible man-god who pulled him from his burning apartment or the broken, battered shell from the Arena.

He fucks in and the wolf choker is winking at him.

He pulls out and the amulet digs into his chest.

Not even Sam’s own body is fixed: the scratches on his chest flicker in and out of existence, aching one moment and gone the next.

Dean’s eyes are the only constant: locked on Sam with a mixture of wonder and love that leave him feeling stripped bare and shattered.

Sam isn’t worthy of that kind of look, not when he let Dean down: when he doesn’t know what kind of monster he’s becoming and doesn’t care as long as it gets him his brother back. He isn’t worthy when he’s indulging himself in erotic dreams while Dean heals from Vincent’s latest attack—not the worst he’s had, according to Bela.

In the end, Sam can’t continue to meet his brother’s gaze. He ducks his head, closing his eyes for good measure as he jerks the dream to climax. He can feel the warm splash of semen on his stomach and hand, but he can’t smell it, just like he can’t taste his brother’s sweat-slicked skin. It’s only a dream, after all, with a dream’s weaknesses and limitations.

When Sam comes himself a moment later, it’s a hollow, empty spurt of pleasure. He’s almost grateful when the red bloom of ecstasy against his eyelids blossoms into nightmares of black-eyed, bloodied demons tearing their way through a pack of wolves.

In the morning, he wakes with the remnants of that first dream a flaking, uncomfortable mess between his legs. Sam jerks off again in the shower, remembering the way that Dean felt underneath his hands, remembering how hot it was inside of him, and wishes that he could have—just once—tasted that pale, freckled skin.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
The day passes in an absurdity of waiting.

Sam runs hot and cold about seeing his brother again. One minute he’s so anxious to make sure that Dean is all right that his skin is buzzing with it. The next, he’s so guilty over his dream that his stomach roils in rebellion. No matter which emotion is dominating, he can’t make himself sit still or pay more than cursory attention to the continuing negotiations. It isn’t until two o’clock, when Gordon and his friends finally settle into the plan that he and Bela and Bobby have been maneuvering them into, that Sam manages to pull out of himself a little.

“How soon can you be ready to go?” he asks. It’s the first contribution he has made to the conversation in well over an hour.

“I’ll take some time to get everything together,” Gordon answers, still looking over the plan of the Arena’s grounds. “We couldn’t exactly bring that kind of equipment with us on the flight.”

Sam understands that there are probably about a hundred federal regulations against transporting grenades and assault rifles on commercial airlines, but the added delay still chafes. “How soon, Gordon?” he repeats.

“I know a guy,” Kubrick speaks up. “Over in Indian Springs. He might be able to supply us with a few things.”

Gordon looks up at that, fingers still soothing absently over the paper in front of him. “How well do you know him?” he asks.

Kubrick gives one of those wide, empty smiles that send shivers down Sam’s spine and says, “We was in Bible camp together when we was kids. He’s good folk.”

Gordon stares at Kubrick, mouth twitching slightly, and Sam can’t tell if the man is trying not to laugh or to keep from frowning. Sam has seen him struggle with both reactions whenever Kubrick brings up God or organized religion: it’s anybody’s guess how the two men became … not friends, exactly, but allies. Whatever his opinions concerning Kubrick’s faith, though, Gordon must trust the man’s abilities. Otherwise, he never would have brought him along.

Sure enough, there’s no doubt on Gordon’s face when he turns his attention to Sam and says, “Depending on how well-stocked Kubrick’s friend is, we could be ready to go as soon as tomorrow. Or it might be as long as three or four days. Is Dean going to be ready?”

The question catches Sam off guard and he blinks down at his hands before belatedly lying, “Of course.”

He doesn’t know how he can have been this stupid. He’s been to see Dean twice now and, while he can perhaps be forgiven for his distraction during their first reunion, there was no reason not to have mentioned Bela and their plans to get Dean out when he went back a second time.

No, he reminds himself, there was a reason. Sam didn’t bring it up because Dean didn’t want to hear about it. That much was obvious.

If Dean had been at all interested in leaving—if he cared about anything other than getting Sam out of the Arena as fast as he could—then he would have been full of questions. How did Sam find him, how was he paying for Dean’s time, what was he planning, did Bobby know where he was?

Instead, Sam got flat, disinterested stares. He got sharp words designed to draw blood and twist Sam up inside so that he couldn’t think straight. He got Dean drinking: Dean with his walls raised, all the doors bolted shut and the windows barred.

Oh God, what if he won’t come?

Sam’s gut goes icily cold for a moment and then he remembers his conversation with Geri. The wolf told him that Dean would go if he could find some way out. It wasn’t lying, and Sam doesn’t think that even the Gleipnir can keep the wolf from his brother’s subconscious at this point—the soul bleed has gone too far for that—so it knew what it was talking about.

No, Dean will come. He’ll bitch about it and do his best to drive Sam insane preventing it, but when it comes down to it, he’ll move.

“He’ll be ready,” Sam repeats more strongly.

“Good,” Gordon says and then pushes up from the table. “We’ll be in touch.”