Chapter Three
"Why do our hearts pound while we watch a race? Could it be because we instinctively feel the connection between the race and our own lives? Perhaps love is simply a course, and we drive it blindly, but always to win." 
Samuel Hastings, American Circuit, July XXXX

Rip figured his theory had been proven right. A guy like Rich, someone on a constant simmer, really heated up quick when it came to sex.

Six weeks, and neither of them was tired of it yet. Rip suspected he'd never tire of Rich as a lover, but he tried not to dwell on it too much. Rich didn't seem like the settling-down type, and truth be told, Rip wasn't, either. Still, he had a feeling that if Rich walked, it was going to hurt.

At the moment, however, Rich was giving him the most intense fucking of his life.

"Damn it!" Rip braced himself against the headboard to keep himself from getting plowed into it.

"Shut up." Rip could feel Rich's head press hard between his shoulder blades, the soft hair rubbing his back with every thrust.

Rip tried to laugh, but he didn't have the breath to do it. "You think you can beat me in sex, you've got another think coming."

"I can beat you in any damn thing in the world, asshole." Rich sounded pretty breathless, too.

"Big talk." Rip paused for air. "Tell you what. If you come first, you can buy me dinner tonight."

"Fat chance, loser."

"What? That I'll hold out longer than you?"

"Yeah. And fat chance I'd ever buy you dinner, either."

"I'm partial to really good steak and seaf-aagh! Oh, fuck!"

"I told you to shut up." Rich sounded smug through his breathlessness.

Rip could only moan as Rich continued to batter his prostate without mercy. God, the guy was good. Rip couldn't remember a lover who had half the skill and intensity, and definitely not one who could keep up with his sex drive. He gasped as a particularly deep thrust made his cock jump.

A warm hand closed around his dick and began to move.

"Ahh! You cheating bastard!"

Rich flicked Rip's slit with a thumbnail and Rip plunged forward, hitting his forehead hard on the headboard as he came, his orgasm intense and devastating. He groaned in pained delight and felt Rich stiffen behind him.

Rip's arms gave way and they collapsed in a tangle of arms and legs, Rich still buried deep inside Rip. They both lay motionless, Rich's heavy breaths warm on Rip's ear.

God, it felt good to have Rich draped over him like that. Rip's eyes closed and he started drifting.

The weight disappeared and the bed dipped.

"I'm taking a shower."

"Go 'head," Rip mumbled. A couple of minutes later, the water started running, a soothing background to Rip's satiation.

He was almost asleep when his cell started playing. Sighing, he rubbed his eyes and reached for his jeans. Fumbling through the pockets, he finally found his phone.

"'Lo?"

"Rip? It's Joe. Where are you?"

"Out. What d'you want?" Rip stifled a yawn.

"The search engine sponsor backed out."

Rip cursed under his breath. Not again. "That's the fourth one."

"Yeah. I don't know what's going on."

Neither did Rip. "Right. I'll meet you at my place in an hour, okay?"

"Uh, Sam and I were going to go to Baloo's for lunch at eleven. Can you meet us there?"

"Does Sam know about the sponsors?" Guilty silence met his question, and Rip sighed. "Don't worry about it. He was bound to find out sooner or later." He glanced at the clock. "If I'm not there by eleven, start without me. I'll get there as quick as I can."

"Thanks, Rip. See you!"

Rip flipped the cell shut. "Fuck!" He rolled onto his back and threw an arm over his eyes. Four sponsors, all of them reliable, all of them supportive in the past, but they were pulling out one after another. He only had one left, and he doubted the company would be willing to pick up the whole tab for the race. He needed to find at least one more, preferably two or three, or he'd have to forfeit.

The water stopped, and Rip figured he'd better get moving. He was just pulling on his jeans when Rich came back into the bedroom, rubbing a towel through his hair. He raised an eyebrow.

Rip grabbed his shirt and pulled it on over his head, then reached for his watch. "Something came up."

Rich shrugged and opened the closet. "Don't let me stop you."

Rip pushed down his irritation at being dismissed so easily. "Tonight?"

"What about it?"

"Roses and candlelight. Jesus. What the fuck do you think I meant?"

"You want to fuck some more?"

"Yeah. That."

Rich shrugged again. "I don't have anything better to do." He pulled a shirt from a hanger.

"I'll see you at eight, then." Rip knew it wasn't realistic to think that Rich would ever act like a normal lover, but it sure would be nice if he sounded a little more enthusiastic.

"You're the one who's desperate for it."

"I'm not the only one," Rip muttered. He grabbed his cell from the nightstand and looked around to see if he'd missed anything, then left without saying another word.

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

Half an hour later, Rip reached the restaurant and slid into the booth next to Sam. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Sam pause and then glance at him, a speculative look on his face.

Shit. I should've showered instead of coming straight here. Joe never seemed to notice, but Sam noticed everything. Rip turned to him, but Sam just shook his head, gave him a small, understanding smile, and handed him a menu.

"Joe and I have already ordered. The waiter said the spareribs are very good today."

"I ordered three of 'em." Joe had already finished their basket of chips and salsa, Rip noticed. Not even bad news could stunt the kid's appetite.

Rip ordered the ribs, too, then took a sip of his beer. "You know about the sponsors, huh?"

Sam nodded. "Joe told me. I won't publish it unless you think the publicity might attract new ones."

Rip shook his head. "No. Better not make it public. The thing I can't figure out is what the hell's going on? These guys have been great in the past. And they were ecstatic about the Sun and Moon, I swear. But only the cigarette guys are left."

"Uh, Rip…" Joe looked upset.

"You don't mean…? Aw, fuck." Rip put down his beer and banged his head against the back of the booth. "That's the last of 'em, then."

"We'll get new ones." But Joe didn't sound as certain as he usually did.

"Yeah. Somewhere." For the life of him, though, Rip wasn't sure where. It took time to build a relationship with a sponsor, especially one with enough money to foot a race. His rep would help, but with the recession and all, a lot of the companies that had sponsored drivers in the past had pulled out of the circuit. "You think NASCAR might want to use rallying to get more fans?"

Sam looked sympathetic. "I have some contacts. Perhaps they can help."

Rip shook his head. "Thanks, but it's too risky. You've been able to explain away hanging out with us as being part of your research, but if you start asking sponsors to help us, you're as screwed as we are. People will think you're biased."

"I'm sorry. You're right, of course."

"Fuck. Well, it is what it is – that dragons and birds and shit thing. Have him tell it to you sometime," he said, turning to Joe. "Maybe it'll make sense to you." Rip grinned, even though his heart wasn't in it. "Fuck it. That shit can all wait until after lunch. Hey, Sam. How about you interview me, then pay our lunch tab and call it business expenses?"

Sam and Joe laughed and the three of them joked until their lunches arrived. The company helped, and once they'd cleaned their plates, Rip felt more relaxed. He laid his arm along the back of the booth and sipped his fresh beer.

Sam glanced over at him. "What's it like?"

"What's what like?"

"Racing. Being in a competition."

"It's like…" Rip didn't know how to explain it. "It's like you're really alive."

Sam seemed to understand, because he nodded his head and reached for his own beer. "Would there be any chance that you might let me experience it?"

"Sure. I can take you out on a course if you want."

Sam shook his head. "I meant a real race."

Rip put his beer down and looked at Sam with disbelief. "Fuck no! It's too fucking dangerous for an amateur!"

"I've been in dangerous situations before." Sam's voice was calm, as if what he was asking was sane and reasonable. Rip stared as Sam sipped his beer.

"Why don't you let him go with you on a practice run?" Joe asked.

Rip blinked. "That's not any safer!"

"Sam can handle it, I bet." Joe looked at Sam with a thoughtful expression. "He's tougher than he looks."

Like a catamount. "It's not safe," Rip repeated, but Sam just smiled into his beer.

"I'm free this afternoon," he said.

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

Sam had a scary habit of getting his own way, Rip was coming to realize.

"Okay, you're suited up and buckled in." Rip sent a silent prayer to whatever deities watched over idiots who gave in against their better judgement. "Have you been inside a rally car before?"

"No. I know that they're production model cars, and I've looked inside them, but I don't pretend to know anything beyond that."

"Good, because saying you know something you don't is dangerous in rallying." Rip pointed at the dash. "A quick rundown on how rally cars are different than a showroom model. Regular dashboard, but the odometer gives you to the hundredth of a mile and there's a timer there. It's tripped by infrared when you cross the start of a special stage, and tripped again when you finish it. She's got a built-in roll cage, five-point safety belts, fire extinguishers for the driver and for the nav, skid plates – basically, she's as safe as possible if we get into trouble."

"I trust your driving skills."

"Thanks, but don't." Rip sighed. "Don't take off the helmet, and no matter how fucking hot you get, don't take off the firesuit, got it? I'm not planning to do anything dangerous, but sometimes that's when the worst things happen."

"I understand."

"Right. Next, here's the route book."

"I've seen these before. Terrain notes and drawings and mileage information, correct?"

"Basically, yeah. It gets us from location to location, and sets us up for each special stage. You use it to tell me where to go and how far, and I push the car as hard as I can once we're driving a stage. If there are any road problems I need to know about, let me know ahead of time what they are and how far I've got before I hit them."

"I can do that."

"I know this track, so even if you get something wrong, I'll know."

Sam looked mildly amused. "Fair enough."

"Joe's going to follow us on a 'bike, in case we get into trouble."

"Your faith in my inability is staggering," Sam murmured.

"People call me a risk-taker, and they're right," Rip said sharply. "That doesn't mean taking stupid risks, though."

"You're right. And of course, this is my first time." Sam appeared to be suitable chastened, though Rip caught a glint in Sam's eyes before his cheerful smile masked his face.

"You're pretty cocky."

Sam met his gaze. "With good reason, I've found. But of course, this may prove to be my Waterloo."

"Hope not. People died there." Rip slapped Sam's shoulder. "So, Mr. Nav, what do we do from here?"

"It appears that you'll need to drive three point zero five miles on service road A…"

Sam took them from the beginning of the course to the first time point clearly and concisely, without Joe's vague, "there's some rocky thing coming in point six four," to clarify, like 'rocky thing on the left?' or 'fucking hell that's a cliff face, you moron!'

Sam checked the page as the first timing point came into view. "Twelve inch deep ford, eight feet across, and keep to the left as we come out to avoid imaginary spectators. Timing starts mid-stream."

"Right." Rip shifted and floored the accelerator, launching them at the stream. There was a jolt and a splash, and something grated along the underside of the Jeep, then they roared up the other bank and slewed to the left at a comfortable sixty-two mph over the rocky ground. Sam grabbed the dash, but though his knuckles were a little white, his voice remained calm.

"S-curve in point one zero, culvert and rock face on the inside, then curve outside and a hard right in point zero one into the mountain stretch. Then a narrow road with two feet of clearance on either side, cliff on the inside, drop-off on the outside, slow curve to the right and downhill for point three seven."

"I love this fucking part of the course." Rip grinned as he fishtailed around the culvert, keeping the Jeep tight to the rock face to avoid the soft dirt on the outside, then sped into the bottom of the 'S'.

They came out of the curve at near-race speed, gravel flying as Rip hauled the Jeep into position for the long curve that hugged the side of the mountain. He clutched, shifted down a gear, then stepped on the brake pedal so he wouldn't overshoot the route and fly the Jeep off the edge of the cliff.

Nothing happened. He automatically yanked the emergency brake, but the Jeep didn't respond.

"Shit! No brakes!"

Rip gripped the wheel with both hands, his knuckles white as he fought to pull the Jeep through the corner, but she was flying, just like he'd told her to do, and the tires weren't gripping. The valley yawned, full of toothy trees and hurtling toward them.

They weren't going to make it. "Hang on, we're going over!"

"Those rocks," Sam pointed, his voice strained. "Rip, can you hit them at an angle?"

Immediately, it was as clear to Rip as a pool shot. "Damn right I can," he said, shifting into first before he twisted the wheel hard right and let the Jeep go into a skid toward the boulders, the engine howling in protest as Rip tried to decrease their speed. The Jeep lurched as one of its back tires slid over the edge, and he held his breath as the awful weightless feeling grew stronger. Then there was a sudden jolt and the scream of rending metal and they were spinning, still out of control but toward the mountain, not toward the deadly open air.

They slammed to a halt. Rip cut the engine and reached over to unsnap Sam's harness. He could smell gas, which wasn't good. He tugged at Sam. "You okay? We gotta get out, in case the fuel catches from the hot engine."

"I'm fine," Sam gasped. "My door won't open, though."

"It's shoved against the side of the mountain." Rip unbuckled his own harness and kicked his door open, pulling Sam over the gearshift and out the driver's side door.

They scrambled away from the Jeep just as Joe came up on the bike, dirt and gravel spewing as he slid to a stop beside them. His eyes were huge.

"What happened? You guys okay?"

Sam nodded. "We lost control."

"The brakes went." Rip unstrapped his helmet and took it off. "What the fuck? We checked her over last night."

"I did the brakes myself," Joe said, ashen. "They were fine, Rip, I swear."

"I believe you." Rip ran his trembling hand through his hair. "Shit. Sam. Damn. If you hadn't pointed out those rocks—"

"I was a embedded journalist in a convoy in Iraq and a bomb went off on the mountain road we were on," Sam said, taking off his helmet, too. His face was pale, but composed. "I saw the driver do something similar."

"He should be driving the circuit, then." Joe's tone was reverent. "If it had been me beside Rip, we would have been goners."

"You got his name?" Rip asked. "'Cause I want to buy the bastard the biggest damn drink this side of Texas."

"Shrapnel hit his femoral artery." Sam's voice was quiet. "We couldn't stop the bleeding."

"Fuck." Rip closed his eyes.

They fell silent.

Joe fumbled in his pocket and drew out his cell. "Uh, I guess I'll call it in, then."

"Yeah." Rip looked at the Jeep. "She's not going anywhere on her own, that's for sure."

The Jeep ticked quietly to herself as the hot metal cooled. One tire had burst, and it was pretty obvious that the frame was bent. Rip couldn't see the passenger side, but imagined that it probably looked at least as bad as his side, which was a mass of scraped and twisted metal where they'd hit the rocks.

Sam glanced at him sympathetically. "How many cars do you have?"

"Three, but one's already in the shop for a frame rebuild. I guess she'll have some company." Rip shrugged and tilted his head toward a small stand of trees. "Let's wait over there. The tow truck might take a while."

"I'm sorry," Sam said as they walked over to the scant shade offered by the trees. "This wouldn't have happened if I hadn't been so insistent."

"It's okay. I don't have another race until the Sun and Moon, and that's still six months away. I'm headed out to northern California in a week to do some rugged beach driving, then down to Florida for some soft ground and wet ground practice. In October I'll probably head out to Denver for snow and ice." He dropped to the ground and stretched out under a tree.

Sam sat next to him. "You expect that Hearst's course will be diverse, don't you?"

"He's holding it in Vancouver and designing it to test us. The area around there has it all. Beaches, mountains, snow, rocks, swamp, you name it. I've got to be ready for anything." Rip shifted, uncomfortable. "You did a hell of a good job for your first time navving."

"Thank you."

"I don't suppose you know anything about cars?"

"Nothing, I'm afraid."

Rip grunted, frowning. He'd been worried about having Joe as his nav for the blind race. The kid was great, one of the best, in fact, but he ran races by the book, didn't use his eyes like Rip did, and like Sam had when they'd lost control. Rip figured the course would be more than just tricky, it would be downright dangerous, knowing Hearst's designs. Both he and his nav would have to keep their eyes sharp. His instincts told him that Sam would be perfect, with some intensive training.

But Sam was a journalist, not a racer, and it sounded like he knew shit about cars. Rip wished that he could somehow combine Sam and Joe into one person, but his gut told him that only one of them was the best nav when it came to the Sun and Moon.

"I've always wanted to write a biography," Sam said, startling Rip from his thoughts. He smiled at Rip. "It would be much more exciting for readers if I were able to write from the viewpoint of sharing the same experiences as my subject, instead of simply researching and conducting interviews."

Was Sam reading his mind? "Which one of us? Rich? Or me?"

"Both, actually." Sam leaned back against a tree. "I want to write a book about the Sun and Moon." His voice was wistful.

Well, his instincts usually steered him right. Sorry, Joe. Rip took a deep breath. "Would you be willing to train hard for the next six months? And I don't mean just navving. I mean mechanics, safety, track etiquette, first aid in the field, the works."

"Oh, yes," Sam whispered. His eyes were bright and sharp. "Would you be willing to teach me?"

"Only if Joe's still part of the team. He's the one to teach you the ropes about real navving, plus the guy's brilliant when it comes to diagnosing and fixing car problems when we don't have access to the maintenance crew during a special stage. But it's only for the Sun and Moon."

"I could never replace Joe."

"No," Rip agreed. "When can you start?"

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

Once they got the Jeep back to the shop, Rip learned that her frame and undercarriage had been badly damaged, with both brake and fuel lines torn, probably when they'd bottomed out in the stream, he guessed. The diagnosis was disheartening, especially the frame damage, but at least her problems hadn't been caused by negligence. He reported the incident to the course officials, and they promised to do road work on the course.

After a shower and a quick sandwich, Rip showed up at Rich's place at eight sharp.

Rich grunted as he opened the door. "Get in if you're coming."

"I don't mind coming out here if you don't want to waste time." Rip leaned against the doorframe and leered.

Rich shot him a disgusted look. "I've got neighbors. If anyone finds out about this, it's over."

As much as Rip wanted to contradict Rich, he couldn't, so he followed him inside. Rich closed the door and slammed Rip against it. He pressed into Rip, kissing him hard.

"Damn, you're hot for it." Rip said when Rich moved to his throat. Rich grabbed his cock and squeezed, making Rip curse in pained lust. He fumbled with the zip on Rich's jeans and pulled out his cock.

Rip was totally turned on by Rich's need, and couldn't resist teasing him. "What the fuck kind of name is Sterling, anyway? What's your middle name, Silver?"

"Pound," Rich said shortly.

"Your dad was a real bastard, wasn't he?"

Rich grunted. "He had a lousy sense of humor." He rubbed the heel of his palm hard over the bulge in Rip's jeans.

Rip bucked into the pressure. "Must be why you don't have any."

"Shut up and suck me, asshole."

"If I swallow, you buy me dinner tomorrow."

"Maybe."

"Good enough." Rip fell to his knees and set to his task with enthusiasm.

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

Chapter Four 

"The cynics amongst us point to the undeniable presence of money behind the most successful rally competitors, and speak of the sport in terms of a commodity. I personally believe that money is simply the oil that lubricates the engine – the race belongs to the driver, not the sponsors."
Samuel Hastings, excerpt from live interview on CNN Sports, August XXXX

Rip turned up at Rich's house late the night he got back from his mid-August trip to Florida, carrying bribes in the form of booze and pizza. Rich never seemed to eat, and Rip figured that pizza had enough calories and toppings to have a nodding acquaintance with nutrition, or at least provide some high octane fuel for sex.

Rich didn't say anything when he opened the door, just turned and headed toward the study. Rip followed, a little surprised that Rich wasn't headed for the bedroom, but intrigued by the thought of seeing Rich in a more mellow mood.

Rip had been in the study a couple of times, but they tended to spend more time around the bedroom and living room areas when he was over. Rich headed straight to the huge, brightly-lit drafting table covered with blueprints and drafting tools. A couple of big leather recliners and some smaller end tables clustered in front of the fireplace. They looked forlorn and abandoned.

"Are you up for this?" Rip frowned. "You look tired."

Rich shrugged. "I'm on a deadline." He ran his hand through hair already dishevelled, knocking his reading glasses to the floor. He cursed and stared at them, clearly exhausted.

Rip cleared some space on an end table by pushing off its magazines, and set the pizza, beer and bottle of Hudson on it. "Look. Grab some pizza while I get us some glasses."

When Rip came back from the kitchen a couple of minutes later, Rich was sitting at the drafting table wearing his glasses. The pizza box was untouched. Shaking his head, Rip put a couple of slices on a plate, poured Rich's whiskey, grabbed a beer and dragged a second end table next to Rich's chair.

He put the whiskey in Rich's hand. Rich took an sip, then set it blindly on the end table and picked up a drafting pen. Rip looked over his shoulder.

"New specs for the Kyou, huh?"

Rich grunted. "I want to make her aerodynamic without making her look like an egg or a lizard."

Rip snorted. "She looks like a cheetah to me."

Rich didn't reply, but he seemed to relax a bit. Rip used the opportunity to shove a piece of pizza in his hand. Rich took an absent-minded bite, still staring at the drawing, then laid the slice next to his drink, Rip slipping a plate under it in time.

The car really did look like a cheetah, all clean lines and sexy curves and obviously built for speed. He picked up the interior specs. "Did you remember to make the back seat bigger?"

Rich dropped his head and rubbed his eyes behind the glasses. "You're an asshole."

"And you're exhausted. Put it away for the night. You'll be fresher in the morning. When are the specs due?"

"In a week." Rich dropped his hand. "But I want to head out to Virginia on Tuesday."

"That gives you three days."

"I can't sleep."

"I'll put you to sleep. Come here." He pulled Rich to his feet and made him sit down in one of the recliners, pulling the table with his drink and partially-eaten slice over to sit by his elbow. "You finish the pizza I gave you while I set things up, okay?"

Rich didn't bother to answer, but he picked up his whiskey glass and took a swallow, then leaned his head back and closed his eyes. Rip turned on the gas fire – damn the air conditioning, they needed mood at the moment – turned off the bright worktable lamps, made sure that Rich was nibbling at his pizza in between sips of booze, and pulled the glasses from Rich's face. He headed for the bathroom and rummaged until he found a bottle of almond oil, then went back to the study.

Rip was relieved to see the empty plate and glass sitting on the table next to Rich. He set down the oil and stripped his shirt off, then knelt in front of Rich. "Lean forward so I can take your shirt off."

Once Rich was bare from the waist up, Rip put a hand between his shoulder blades to keep him from sitting back up. "Just relax. I want to work on your neck and shoulders. You've probably been sitting at that damned table all day."

Rich grunted, but remained slumped forward. Rip quickly warmed up some oil between his hands and began to work.

Rich's skin was smooth, almost as smooth as a woman's, but the muscles that lay underneath were masculine and hard. Rip worked at the knots, pleased to feel the muscles gradually relax under his hands. When they were loose and warm, he gently coaxed Rich upright, then straddled the chair and started working on the front of Rich's shoulders. He could feel Rich's cock start to poke his ass.

"Keep your eyes closed," he murmured. He stood up, slipped off his jeans and boxers, then straddled the chair again, rocking slowly against the swelling in Rich's jeans and rubbing his own erect cock against Rich's stomach. "Keep 'em closed," he repeated as he eased Rich's zip down and freed his eager cock. He coated it with some almond oil, then guided it to his ass.

They both groaned as Rip slid onto Rich's cock. He settled until their groins were pressed together, then leaned forward and began to explore Rich's face with soft kisses while he started to rock his hips.

Rich was just so fucking beautiful. Rip placed a kiss at the corner of his mouth, then one on his throat, just below his ear, and another on one closed eye, the soft lashes brushing his lips as he kept moving his hips at a slow, relaxing pace. When he worked his way back to Rich's mouth, Rich opened to him, their tongues caressing.

Rip wasn't sure if he'd ever received such sweet kisses before in his life, certainly not from Rich. Tender, peaceful, open, they made Rip's heart swell with some unknown but powerful emotion that both terrified and thrilled him. Careful to maintain the delicate balance between stimulation and relaxation, Rip kept rocking until Rich shuddered and gasped into his mouth and he could feel Rich's cock pulse deep inside him. His own climax overtook him a moment later, smooth and strangely intimate, given how much sex they'd had over the past weeks.

Afterward, they continued kissing until Rich's cock slipped from Rip's ass in a soft tumble, then Rip climbed off and led Rich to the bedroom and put him to bed, where he held Rich in his arms until Rich's breathing was soft and regular.

Rip fell asleep wondering how much longer they could keep their affair a secret.

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

Rip bit his thumb and gripped the cell tighter, not daring to hope he'd heard right. "You're not shitting me, are you, Joe?"

Joe sounded crazy happy. "It's true! You got a call from Patrick Hearst and he's got a sponsor lined up who'll take care of everything! He needs you to fly out to California to meet with him and sign the papers."

Rip slumped into a chair, the relief overwhelming. "Fuck. When does he need me?"

"Tomorrow. He booked you a flight and emailed the ticket an hour ago."

"Right." What a fucking miracle. He wondered how Hearst had found out about his sponsors bailing on him, but the racing world was a small one, and careful as Rip had been, he'd actually been surprised that he'd been able to hide his trouble for as long as he had. "Tell him I'm coming."

"Okay. By the way, are you gonna be home tonight? I stopped by last night to see you, but you weren't around."

Christ. Poor Joe. Rip hadn't seen him in a couple of weeks, and he'd been training Sam all on his own. "Yeah, sorry about that. I'll be home tonight. Why don't you come over around seven, we can order Chinese."

"Great! I'll bring Sam!"

Before Rip could say anything else, Joe had hung up. Rip disconnected and slid his cell back in his pocket, shaking his head. He'd better go home, unpack and repack. He'd come straight to Rich's from the airport the night before, only stopping for pizza and booze, and he really needed fresh clothes and the comfort of his own place for a little while.

Rich was back at the drafting table. He was also back to his usual pissy self. Rip stuck his head in the doorway.

"I'm heading out. I won't be back for a couple of days. I've gotta fly to California for some business. If I don't see you before you go, kiss a Virginia girl for me, will you? And give her plenty of tongue."

"Fuck off before I shoot you, asshole." Rich made it sound like he really might put bullets in the gun this time, and Rip grinned.

"Ciao, baby."

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

Hearst sent a limo to meet Rip at the airport. The Los Angeles traffic was as shitty as ever, but the driver was good, and about an hour after he'd got off his flight, Rip was sitting in a deep leather chair sipping a scotch on ice while Hearst finished a phone call.

He'd seen Hearst from a distance several times, but he wasn't anything like Rip imagined he'd be now that he sat across from him in his huge, glass-walled office that overlooked the corner of Rodeo Drive and Santa Monica Boulevard. Tall, thin, with shaggy black hair, thick-rimmed glasses, and a strangely piercing gaze, almost as if he could see inside a person, Hearst looked more like a know-it-all computer nerd than a successful investor and professional rally course designer. There was an intensity to him that Rip found unsettling.

"Have you carried out my instructions? And witnessed it yourself? Good, good. Let me know if there are any new developments." Hearst hung up the phone and leaned toward Rip, a smile on his face. "I'm so sorry to make you wait. I hope your flight was comfortable?"

"Yeah. Thanks for flying me out here and everything, Mr. Hearst."

"Oh, you're quite welcome. And call me Patrick, please. I think we'll be seeing quite a bit of each other, so there's no need to be formal."

Rip wondered what he meant, but figured he must be referring to the race. While he'd never interacted with Hearst directly before, like everyone else on the circuit, he'd driven Hearst's courses many times. They were always tricky – almost wicked – and you could get yourself into some serious trouble if you didn't know what you were doing. "You can call me Rip. I was surprised to get your message."

"I imagine. I need to warn you, the offer itself is quite unusual. The corporation that made the offer wishes to remain anonymous."

Rip set down his glass. "Wait. How would it work if nobody knows who they are? The whole point to sponsorships is the exposure and advertising that they can get from me being in the race."

"Perhaps it would be more accurate to say that they prefer to remain anonymous until the actual contract has been signed." Hearst examined his fingernails. "You see, the corporation isn't interested in advertising. They're interested in making an investment."

"What do you mean?"

"A long term contract, during which you generate income for them."

Rip frowned. "But they'll make more money from me by selling a product than they will by investing in my winnings."

"I think you underestimate your potential selling power." Hearst looked up, and the smile on his face made Rip uneasy. "It's not just race winnings, but all of the other lucrative ways that they could market your services."

Every instinct Rip possessed told him to refuse the contract. He stood. "You make me sound like a call girl. I don't think I'm interested in hearing any more, Mr. Hearst. I appreciate your time. I'm happy to reimburse you for the flight and everything, since you took the trouble to see me in person."

"I suppose, in a way, it is akin to prostituting oneself." Hearst seemed pretty amused, and Rip's bad feeling intensified. "For instance, the corporation might market your driving talents to others."

"I'm independent." Rip struggled to control his anger. "I don't drive for anybody else."

"Or perhaps they might offer you as a spokesperson for other companies. You've endorsed products before, haven't you? Isn't it quite lucrative?"

"I don't have the selling power of a football player or a basketball player. They're the guys that get the big bucks."

"It seems like you're determined to undersell yourself, Rip." Hearst leaned back in his chair and pressed the tips of his fingers together. "Do you want to drive in the Sun and Moon?"

"Yeah. But not bad enough to sell my soul."

"How about badly enough to keep a secret?"

Rip's mouth went dry. "What are you talking about?"

Hearst peered at him over the top of his glasses, a shrewd look on his face. "I know about your affair with Sterling Rich. He's quite attractive, isn't he? I'm quite sure he's worth the risk."

Rip's heart stumbled and began to pound. "I don't know what you're talking about."

"We have it on good authority. The best, actually. Straight from the horse's mouth, so to speak."

Hearst knew, and what was worse, Rip's gut was telling him it was no bluff. He didn't bother to deny it anymore, and sat down again. "Rich would never say something like that."

"How well do you know Sterling, Rip? How well do you really know him? For instance, did you know that his corporation isn't really his, but that in fact I own a controlling interest in it? That he works for me?"

Rip shook his head. "It doesn't matter who his business partners are. I know Rich."

"Do you know how truly determined he is to be the best? How he's sworn to use whatever means needed to ensure that he wins every race?"

"Rich isn't like that."

Hearst smiled condescendingly. "Do you know about his reputation for retaliatory behaviour? He hates to be humiliated. Do you know what he's done to pay back people who have humiliated him in the past?"

"Wait a minute. I've never humiliated Rich—"

"You issued a public challenge. You impugned his skills. You tarnished his name."

Rip flushed. "Not personally."

"Of course not. You did worse." Hearst leaned forward. "You threatened his career."

"I don't believe you. Rich might shoot someone, but he'd never be underhanded like that."

"Sterling is spoiled, taciturn, rude and carries a Colt. Ooops. He carried a Colt. Until your actions resulted in its confiscation, and nearly lost him his club win. Only a small victory, perhaps, but it infuriated him nonetheless, didn't it?"

"He got over it pretty damned fast. We went out drinking afterward."

"Revenge is sweet, especially when you're fucking your competition's ass."

"He's not like that."

"Then explain how I know about your liaisons. Explain these." Hearst opened a drawer and pulled out an envelope, sliding it across his desk to Rip.

Rip stared at it. A New York postage frank, neat, precise lettering spelling out Hearst's name and address. It had already been opened.

He knew what would be in it before he took the papers out. Photos of him and Rich in Rich's bedroom. In Rich's study. In Rich's shower. In Rich's fucking Kyou.

Sex photos.

"He never went to your place, did he? He never met you anywhere but at his home, in fact."

Rip refused to believe Hearst's accusations. "Rich didn't have these photos taken."

"He's been playing you all along. Sterling doesn't have a heart. He never has. He's a beautiful, ruthless, angel of hell. Which, of course, is why he wins his races."

Rip shook his head. "He isn't faking the relationship. I'd know."

"But did he ever seem to enjoy it? Intimately, I mean. Emotionally." Hearst's eyes wandered up and down Rip's body. "I'm sure he enjoyed the carnal side. You're quite attractive, even if someone wouldn't normally be interested in men."

"Fuck off!"

Hearst kept talking, his eyes bright and watchful. "Which brings up another point. What do you think your fans would do if they learned that you were gay?"

He'd been so careful. He'd dated women occasionally to cover for himself. Except for Rich, he'd only had one-night stands with other men, always with guys who had never even heard of rally racing.

But Sam had found out, and Sam didn't have the resources that Hearst had. It looked like he hadn't been as careful as he'd thought.

Hearst was lying about Rich, Rip was sure of it. Which meant that if Hearst outed Rip, Rich would be hurt, too.

Accept the contract, lose his independence and race?

Or refuse it, and watch his career, and probably Rich's, go down the drain?

"You planned this. You're the reason my sponsors walked." Rip could hardly force the words out. "Give me an out or I'm walking, too."

A triumphant smile flickered across Hearst's face and disappeared. "If you win the race, you'll have enough money to pay back the loan. I'm sure you can work the interest off in time."

"Not good enough," Rip replied, his voice hoarse and strained in his ears. "I want a chance to have a completely clean slate. If I don't, then tell the world I'm queer and go to hell, you bastard. I won't care anymore."

"I believe you're serious." Hearst looked thoughtful. "I don't have any aversion to gambling. What do you propose?"

Rip thought fast. "It needs to be written in the contract that if I place in the race, this deal is wiped out. The contract is null. I go back to my independent driving, and your corporation doesn't take any actions to prevent me from continuing my racing career."

"Now that hardly seems sporting. Place? My client would have quite a bit invested in you. I think that at the least, you'd be kind enough to give them a win. In fact, I'm sure that they would insist on it. A win – outracing Sterling – or your long-term services."

Rip knew it was the best deal he was going to get. "Right. Done. I want to see you write it, I want you to sign and I want a copy. I'll also wait until I see a copy for my attorney given directly to a U.S. Postal employee and a duplicate sent by a courier service. And I witness that, too."

"Trust is so rare. Such a precious commodity." Hearst shook his head and pressed a button on his desk. "William?"

"Yes, sir."

"Can you draft a codicil to the contract and have it ready for us to sign in, say, fifteen minutes?"

"Of course, Mr. Hearst."

"That's fine. Bring it in when you're finished. Oh, and you don't need to bother knocking. We'll be waiting."

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

The next hour passed in a blur, as Rip read over the contract and signed his name. He wasn't surprised to learn there was no corporation, just Hearst.

After the papers were signed, Rip went with William to see the copies were safely sent to his lawyer. William escorted him back to Hearst's office when they were done, and bowed to Hearst as he closed the door and left the two of them alone in the room together. The click of the latch sounded like the final rifle cock of a firing squad to Rip.

Hearst looked satisfied, almost predatory. He smiled at Rip.

"I'd like to invite you to an intimate dinner. Say, my house, at eight?"

Rip felt like throwing up. "I don't put out."

"If you read your contract, you'll realize that I own you, Rip. Rather like a slave, in fact. If I want something from you, you must be prepared to give it."

"That's only in my professional capacity as a driver."

Hearst's smile didn't fade. "Interpretations are always tricky. Are you prepared to drag this through the courts? All sorts of embarrassing facts might come out."

"Sue me and be damned, then. I'm not whoring for you."

"Mmmm." Hearst stood and walked around his desk, stopping so close to Rip that Rip could feel the heat from his body through his clothes. He stared straight ahead, not making eye contact, as Hearst leaned against the desk beside him.

"Such a beautiful man," Hearst murmured. He took Rip's chin in his hand and turned his face until Rip was looking at Hearst. Rip's heart pounded; he felt dizzy and sick to his stomach.

Hearst smiled and drew nearer. "I imagine that you're quite skilled sexually. Those lips would look lovely wrapped around my cock."

Rip shuddered. "Try anything, and I go straight to the cops."

Hearst just smiled.

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

For the second time in three days, Rip drove straight from the airport to Rich's house.

It was over. Rip knew Rich would never continue their relationship now that Hearst knew about them.

But Rip owed it to Rich to warn him. Maybe Rich could find a way out for himself, something that would cover his ass. Then at least one of them might be able to get out of this with his career intact.

Rip pulled into the driveway and parked, but didn't get out of the car right away. He'd been thinking about how he should approach Rich the entire flight back to New York, but all it came down to in the end was that he needed to talk to Rich face to face, see him one last time, even if it meant Rich shot him afterward.

He couldn't tell Rich everything. Just that they'd been found out, and that he was breaking it off, and that he'd still beat Rich's ass in the Sun and Moon, as sick as the thought of driving the race made him.

He rang Rich's doorbell, still at a loss as to how to break the news.

When Rich opened the door, Rip had a sinking feeling in his gut. Rich looked furious. Rip took a deep breath. "I've got something to tell you—"

Rich yanked Rip inside and dragged him into the study, where he shoved Rip into a chair. "You sorry bastard. You had to come after me. You couldn't leave it alone." Rich's voice was cold and hard enough to cut diamonds. "What the hell was I supposed to do? It's all your fucking fault!"

Did Rich know—? "Wait a second. What are you talking about?"

"You ruined your own career, but I'm damned if you'll ruin mine!"

Rip stared at Rich in disbelief. "Jesus. I don't know if we're talking about the same thing, but I came here to warn you, you bastard!"

Rich laughed, a bitter, nasty sound. "You pathetic asshole! Warn me? I've known what was going to happen from the beginning. This was the only way it could end. I'm damned if you pull me down with you!"

"I'm not trying to pull anyone anywhere!" Rip shouted, exasperated. "Fuck! I'm the one having to deal with this, not you—" His eyes fell on a familiar-looking envelope, and the array of photos that were scattered across the drafting table. "What's that?" He stood and walked over to the table.

"What the fuck do you think it is?"

Rip didn't bother to do more than glance at the photos, just long enough to see that they were the same as he'd already seen, with maybe a couple he hadn't seen in Hearst's office. Instead, he slowly picked up the envelope.

It was identical to the one in Hearst's office, a heavy parchment saturated with the exclusive air of a rich man's possessions. The specs it was sitting on top of were lettered in a precise, familiar-looking hand.

The envelope was blank. No address, no franking. In fact, it was pristine. Never been sealed. Never been used.

Though an identical one had been. Had been mailed from New York. With pictures taken in this house.

Phrases ran through Rip's head and took on new meaning.

I've known what was going to happen from the beginning.

This was the only way it could end.

What was I suppose to do?

I'm damned if you pull me down with you!

"I can't believe this is happening. I believed in you, you bastard. I thought he was lying." The room spun as Rip realized just how stupid he'd been. He met Rich's furious gaze. "Jesus Christ. Did you have to be so fucking cruel about it?"

For a moment, the anger wavered and Rich looked blank. Then it returned, so strong that Rip took an involuntary step backward and dropped the envelope back on the drafting table.

"Get the hell out of my house!"

You fucking bastard. Not even the balls to take responsibility for this fucking mess. Rip clenched his fists. Rich had played him like a pro fly fisherman, hooking him, letting him run almost free, and reeling him into the net. "I'm going. But I swear, I'm never going to lose to you again."

Rip whirled and stalked out of the house, hearing the door slam shut behind him. He backed out of the driveway in a whirl of burning rubber and spun his car into a tight one-eighty when she hit the street.

He needed to find some booze.

A lot of booze.

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>

"Jus' leave me the fuck alone!" Rip pushed away Joe's hand.

"You're drunk, Rip. The bartender called and asked me to come get you."

"Fuck off." The room spun, and Rip grabbed the table. Too much more of this and he'd start puking. But the hole inside still threatened to swallow him, so he needed more booze. "Leave me alone."

Joe glared at him and then walked away.

Rip poured himself another bourbon, grimly pleased that some hit the glass. He tipped the glass back and drank, the booze burning all the way down.

Rich. That goddamned bastard. The whole time, setting him up. And he'd let the fucking bastard fuck his ass, and loved it, and how fucking dare Rich make him feel that good when he was secretly stabbing him in the back. It was worse than if he'd let Hearst fuck him – at least then, he'd have hated every minute of it, not felt like the world had been pulled out from under him like he felt now.

Someone shook his shoulder. "Hey."

"Fuck off," Rip mumbled.

"I'm gonna wait here with you, okay?" Joe pulled a chair out and sat down next to Rip. "You okay?"

"Fine. Dandy. Fine an' dandy." Rip tilted the bottle toward the glass again, but Joe took it away from him.

"You look like you feel like shit, so I'm not letting you make yourself feel any shittier, got it?"

It took a minute for Rip to work out what Joe had said, but it finally sank in that he wasn't getting more booze if Joe held the bottle. "Give it back."

"Later. I've got some coffee for you. Coffee and bourbon go good together, so drink it."

Rip glared at the steaming cup. "I hate coffee."

"You'll love this coffee. I put lots of sugar in it."

Sweet coffee actually didn't sound bad, so Rip took a cautious sip, ignoring Joe, who held the cup steady for him.

"Well, well, what do we have here?"

Fuck. It was Sam. And Sam was being cheerful, which pissed Rip off, because it meant Sam was being fake. He hated it when Sam was fake. "Fuck off!"

"He says that to everybody," Joe explained. "Nothing personal."

"I suspect that something quite personal is the cause of this, however." Sam sat on Rip's other side. "How long has he been like this?"

"I just got here about a half hour ago, and the bartender called me about fifteen minutes before that." Joe frowned. "I could have handled him myself, except that I was worried that he'd do something stupid while I was driving."

"Dream on, shorty," Rip said. "I c'n take you anytime."

"I'm sure you can," Sam said in an indulgent voice. He turned to Joe, and the tone of his voice changed. "I'm glad you called. Shall we take him home?"

Sam and Joe helped him stand. Things got a bit hazy after that, but eventually Rip realized that he was in the backseat of Joe's car sitting next to Sam, who was holding him up while Joe drove.

"Fuck off," Rip mumbled.

"I do wish you'd expand your conversational openings." Sam's strong arm kept Rip from sliding off the seat. "Which one of you ended it?"

Drunk as he was, Rip knew that he shouldn't admit to anything. "Don' know what you're talkin' about."

"I figure it was Rich," Joe said. "Rip's totally gone over the guy. He wouldn't break it off."

"Not true!" Rip protested. "It's wha' I meanttodo. Wait a minute." He frowned at the back of Joe's head. "You're not suppose'to know."

"You meant to break it off with Rich?"

With a little concentration, Rip was able to turn his glare on Sam. "You're not suppose'to know, either. Why the fuck do you guys know?" A horrible thought crossed Rip's mind. "Are you in on it, too?"

"In on what?"

"Blackmailin' bastard's thing."

"Oh dear." Sam's arm tightened around Rip. "This is quite a bit worse than I'd imagined."

"Who's the blackmailing bastard? I'll kick his ass!" Joe sounded pretty pissed.

"No, no, no, no, can't do that," Rip said, shaking his head even though things spun like a fucking carousel. "Signed a contract."

"Hearst." The car swerved a bit, then straightened. Joe sounded awful, like he was really upset. "Oh my God. Was it Hearst?"

"What about Hearst?" Sam asked.

"He called and said he had a sponsor for Rip. Rip flew out to California yesterday. Oh, fuck. I'm sorry, Rip. I never would have told you if I thought he was up to something!"

Joe's guilt sobered Rip a bit. "I know. He fooled me, too."

"Why did you sign?"

Sam's voice was low and comforting, and Rip slumped against his shoulder. "He had pictures."

Rip heard Sam swear softly and Joe swear a hell of a lot louder. "Is he using them to blackmail you or Sterling Rich?" Sam asked.

"Me. Rich was in on it. Saw it at his house. I believed in 'im," Rip said, hating himself for being so gullible. "Hearst tol' me. I thought he was lying. But I saw it."

Sam and Joe were silent, though Sam's arm tightened around Rip's shoulder again.

"We can't do anything tonight," Sam finally said. "You need to get some sleep. We can figure out what to do in the morning."

"Nothin' to do." Rip yawned, suddenly exhausted. "Signed a contract."

"Do you have a copy of it?"

Rip nodded, his eyelids too heavy to keep open. "But you can't see it. Not your problem."

"I have some connections. I can look into it."

"No. I for- forbid it."

"That's fine," Sam said, his voice gentle, though it sounded like he was smiling. "You won't remember this conversation in the morning, anyway."

<>*<>*<>*<>*<>