Jen Baby
Chapter 1

Jennifer Salvatore breathed in and stood up on tip toe and strained to
pull up the too-tight denim shorts over her pert little ass.  Her blond 
hair was still damp from the shower, and hung over her shoulders in a 
tangled wet mess, and her bouncing figure, still struggling into the 
shorts, caused a droplet of water to drip from the straggly ends of her 
hair and to roll coolly down her back until it was absorbed in the 
waistband of the shorts, just as she closed the stud in front.  She 
breathed a deep sigh of achievement. 

She hadn't worn these shorts for more than three years, and then, at a
skinny 15 she had looked like a cute kid in them.  Now they were 
transformed into an entirely different category, hugging her 18 year 
old ass which had filled out so curvaceously since then.  If anything, 
the cut-off legs had frayed even more in the intervening years, and 
revealed even more of the subtle curve under the cheeks of her 
backside, cutting between her legs, pulled tight into her groin.  She 
twisted round to see the effect in the full length mirror behind her, 
and liked what she saw. 

"I'm sure Jeff will be happy with my choice" she thought to herself, as
her eyes took in her reflection.  She was still on tip-toe, as if 
wearing heels, and twisting round to look in the mirror had tightened 
the muscles in her long slender legs, emphasising their female grace.  
Wearing nothing but the shorts, which barely covered her cheeks, and 
which were sufficiently low at the waist to leave the small dimples at 
the base of her back exposed, she looked stunning, and she knew it. 

Above the shorts, her long narrow waist extended into a finely shaped
back, her shoulder blades clearly defined in her twisted posture.  As 
her eyes followed her reflection upwards, they took in the rounded 
curve of her breast on the side turned towards the mirror, the nipple 
turned upwards to point towards the corner of the room. 

Further up, and she caught the reflection of her own staring eyes, her
head turned over her shoulder, framed by that damp blond hair.  
Jennifer couldn't resist winking at herself, pleased with what she had 
seen, and excited by what lay ahead. 

As she turned away from her reflection, and started to towel her hair
dry, and then start to brush it through, she thought again about her 
instructions. 

The mysterious Jeff had come into her life some months before, chatting
to her in the Internet chat room she had used so many times.  Calling 
herself "jenbaby", she had been immediately impressed with how much 
Jeff appeared to know about her, despite never having spoken to him 
before.  She would find out later just how he knew so much, but that 
comes later in this story. 

They had got on well, and talked about all the usual stuff.  Jeff, who
had originally called himself "rotter" in the chat room, made her 
laugh, but he also started to raise her interest by laying little 
subtle challenges to her, challenges she couldn't resist.  Over the 
months, they had explored all sorts of subjects, and Jeff had gradually 
pulled from her the fact that she liked the idea of being submissive.  
Now their relationship was on an entirely different level, and the 
latest challenge that Jeff had made to her was overtly sexual and 
submissive.  She thought through the details again as she continued to 
brush and dry her hair. 

Jennifer had been "commanded" by Jeff to dress provocatively this
weekend, and to go to the local Valley Mall where she knew some of the 
boys from school would be hanging out.  She had strict instructions to 
flirt with any boys she met, and to do more if one particular boy was 
there.  Jeff had told her he expected her to find a way to display 
herself to a boy named Kevin who Jennifer had told Jeff about during 
one of their late night chats.  Kevin was in the same year as Jennifer, 
but somehow seemed a lot older and more mature than the other boys at 
school.  Jeff had been insistent that she should seek him out and find 
a way to let him see her hidden charms.  If she did, Jeff promised her 
a reward, but was keeping that a surprise. 

Jennifer looked at herself in the mirror again, and thought how she was
getting ready to expose herself to Kevin at Jeff's command; the thought 
sent a shiver down her back.  She wondered what adventures the day 
would bring, and wondered what surprise Jeff had in store for her.  She 
realised that she loved the idea of handing over control of herself and 
her body to a complete stranger, someone she had only ever met on the 
Internet, who was now controlling how she acted and what she did. 

She quickly finished her hair and make-up, applying it a little heavier
than she would normally do for school; she liked the effect.  Finally, 
she slipped on her shoes, and picked up the top she had chosen to wear, 
sliding her arms into the sleeves and pulling the crisp white cotton of 
the shirt across her chest to tie it beneath her breasts in a loose 
knot.  She buttoned one button above the knot, and then turned this way 
and that before the mirror to see the effect. 

She looked sensational, but very slightly trashy.  The shirt allowed
anyone to view a fair amount of cleavage, but was decent enough, 
although it was clear that she wasn't wearing a bra.  The smooth brown 
skin of her belly and legs contrasted nicely with the whiteness of the 
shirt, and the washed out denim blue of the shorts.  She undid the 
single button and then leaned forwards, seeing the desired effect in 
the mirror of her dressing table.  With the button undone, the shirt 
gaped enough for the whole of her breast to be exposed from the front 
left side.  From anywhere else, she still preserved her modesty. 

Satisfied with the effect, Jennifer re-buttoned, flicked her hair from
beneath the collar of the shirt, picked up her purse and left her room. 


Valley Mall 

As she drove down to Valley Mall, Jennifer was conscious of the pressure
from her shorts against her pussy.  The tightness and direct contact 
between the rough material and the soft folds of her sex was very 
pleasant and added to her already excited state.  Jeff had been adamant 
about her not wearing underwear, and the strange sensation was more 
pleasing than she had imagined.  As she drove, she couldn't help 
pressing the fingers of her right hand against the crotch of her 
shorts, pushing the hard denim seam of her shorts even harder against 
her clit and lips.  She realised that she was already getting damp 
thinking about what she was doing, and what she was about to do. 

At the mall, she parked her beat-up old Ford, and then slipped from
behind the wheel.  As she opened her legs to reach first her left foot 
out of the car, she looked down to see that her inner thigh was visible 
all the way to the soft, sensitive skin of her groin, the denim crotch 
of her shorts pulled tightly into the crack of her sex.  She knew it 
would not take much to allow the lip of her pussy to become visible, 
and the thought thrilled her. 

As she walked from the car park to the mall entrance, she was already
aware of the gaze of passers-by, their eyes following this precocious 
young girl, so obviously dressed to please.  She revelled in the 
attention that she was getting, heightened by the knowledge that she 
was doing this under orders from Jeff, and that her own choice in the 
matter had been effectively removed. 

Jennifer quickly found some of the kids from school hanging about
outside Auntie Anne's Pretzels.  There were five boys and two girls 
from her year already sitting around one of the little benches that 
were scattered around the mall.  As she walked up to join them, her 
eyes scanned the group to see who was there.  She had already realised 
that Kevin wasn't part of the group, when Bobby saw her approaching.  
His eyes nearly popped out of his head when he saw what she was 
wearing, and Jennifer responded to his intense stare by swaggering a 
little more sexily as she took the few remaining paces to join the 
group. 

"Hi guys" she said in a slightly bored and disinterested way, as she
joined the group.  Now they all looked around at her, the boys with 
growing interest, and the two girls, at first, with delighted 
expressions, but which quickly faded into curiosity as they took in 
what she was wearing.  Had it been anyone else but Jess and Christy, 
Jennifer's two best friends at school, Jennifer knew that she would 
have been subjected to a much more jealous and judgemental assessment 
of her appearance by any girls present, but Jess and Christie knew her 
too well, and were too close to her, to be quite as bitchy as the other 
girls would have been. 

The boys in the group returned her greeting, and then continued to stare
at her as Jess and Christy took her to one side so that they could 
speak privately. 

"Jesus Jen, you look fantastic," whispered Jess, "who the hell is this
for?  You don't normally dress like this to the mall!" 

Jennifer smiled at them enigmatically.  "I'll tell you all about it
later, when it's quieter, but do you really think I look OK?" 

Now it was Christy's turn to give her opinion.  "You look great Jen, but
kinda trashy too" she said.  "And I've never seen you go without a bra 
in anything quite as see-through as that shirt.  You're likely to give 
some of these boys' ideas, or even a heart attack, letting them see you 
like that." 

Jennifer smiled again.  "Well that's the general idea," she laughed,
"Have either of you seen Kevin?" 

"Oh my God!" said Jess, "Don't tell me that you're dressed up to impress
that weirdo!  He probably won't be interested unless you're carrying a 
guitar or something.  And you'd need to dress in a grungy smock if you 
want to turn his head, not be dressed like Daisy Duke." 

Again, Jennifer could only smile at the reaction of her friends.  She
knew they would be as excited as her if they only knew why she was here 
and dressed like this.  She had already told them a little about Jeff, 
and they were intrigued.  But for now, she wanted to keep the secret to 
herself for a while. 

"Well have you seen him, or not?" she demanded. 

Christy acknowledged that he had been around, alone as usual.  "When I
saw him last, he was heading into that charity shop over by American 
Eagle.  Probably looking for a new old jumper or something.  How can 
people wear other peoples cast-offs like that, it makes my skin creep 
thinking about it." 

Jennifer thanked her for the information, then told Jess and Christy
that there was something that she had to do, that she'd see them soon, 
and she'd tell them all about it later.  Finally, she waved casually to 
the boys who were all still eyeing her like a cat eyes a bird, and 
whose eyes unanimously followed her ass as she sauntered off in the 
direction of American Eagle. 

Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 

Jennifer approached the little charity shop carefully.  She wasn't sure
quite what she would do, or how she would do it, but the first thing to 
do was to ensure that Kevin was still in the shop.  She looked through 
the window, past the racks of second hand clothes, and spotted him near 
the back of the shop, leafing through a shelf full of old vinyl 
records.  "Typical!" she thought, "the rest of the world moves on to CD 
and DVD, and Kevin adds to his collection of vinyl.  What do you play 
those things on these days?" 

She watched him for a few seconds, feeling a thrill run through her at
her instructions from Jeff.  Kevin was a bit of a loner, but he was 
kind of hot too, in his own old-fashioned way.  His dirty blond hair 
was always too long and a bit scruffy, just like his clothes.  But he 
was good looking, and there was an air of mystery about him that 
attracted her.  That's why she had told Jeff about him when Jeff had 
been asking about her friends and acquaintances at school. 

She also made an assessment of the store itself.  Typical of the charity
shops that were growing in number, this one was for some central 
American orphans, and took in a wide variety of second hand clothes, 
jewellery, books, ornaments and other stuff from donors, before selling 
the items at knock down prices.  The shops like this never lasted long, 
not being able to afford reasonable commercial rents, they made 
agreements with landlords for the temporary use of vacant premises at 
very low cost, and the landlords benefited from tax breaks counting the 
let as a charitable donation.  As a consequence, there was always a 
temporary look and feel to the shop and its contents. 

Other than Kevin and a young spotty charity worker acting as shop
assistant, the store was empty.  It was reasonable large for a charity 
shop, stretching all the way back to where temporary fitting rooms were 
installed to allow shoppers to try on various items.  Racks of clothes 
and shelving units for other items created a kind of maze in the store, 
and Jennifer realised that she could probably browse around in there 
for some time before Kevin saw or noticed her.  A plan started to form 
in her mind, and she slipped quietly into the store. 

The spotty youth in charge acknowledged her arrival, and his eyes
followed her around the room as she quietly browsed the racks, always 
keeping a gap between her and Kevin.  As she moved towards the back of 
the store, closer to her target, she casually picked up an item every 
now and then from the shelves or racks as she passed, always dropping 
them back down before moving on.  Her intention was to find a way of 
letting Kevin see her without it being obvious that she knew he was 
there. 

She looked again at the temporary fitting rooms as she got closer, and
the half-formed plan became clearer.  The rooms consisted of little 
partition frameworks built from 2x2 wooden struts, panelled in between 
the rooms by plywood boards, and with dusty looking curtains hanging 
down instead of doors to the partitions.  Through the open curtains, 
she could see that each of the four fitting rooms had a full length 
mirror standing at the back of the room, a hanger on one wall to hang 
clothes, and a wooden seat for use by the shoppers.  The fitting rooms 
all faced down the length of the shop, towards the counter, behind 
which the spotty assistant stood. 

Jennifer completed her plan in her head, and went into action to fulfil
it.  As she came to terms with what she was going to do, her heart 
started to beat faster, and her nipples erected from the excitement 
that she was starting to feel.  She was about to satisfy Jeff's orders, 
and expose herself to Kevin.  The fact that she couldn't do that 
without also exposing herself to the spotty shop assistant actually 
added to her excitement as the thrill started to mount within her. 

Jennifer scanned quickly around the store, and spotted what she was
looking for a little over to the right, and away from where Kevin was 
still flicking through the racks of LPs.  By the look of his progress 
to date, he could be there for another 30 minutes at least.  And he was 
perfectly positioned, near the back of the store, facing towards the 
wall on the left, the fitting rooms only a few feet away over his right 
shoulder, but with racks of clothes between him and them such that 
Jennifer could feasibly enter a changing room without seeing him.  He 
however, had a perfect view of the fitting rooms, although being 
himself partly hidden from them. 

Jennifer quickly moved over to the rack she had spotted.  It was full of
second hand dresses, tops and shirts, of all sorts and sizes.  She 
expertly rifled through the rack, selecting half a dozen items, which 
she transferred to her left hand.  When she thought she had enough, she 
wheeled round to the counter and asked the spotty youth if she could 
try them on, in a voice that was slightly louder than it really needed 
to be.  She wanted Kevin to note her presence in the store without 
letting him know that she knew he was there. 

The young guy behind the counter pointed over to the fitting rooms at
the back of the store, and told her to go ahead.  Jennifer noted with 
interest as he watched her thread her way to the back, where she chose 
the fitting room that would give both him and Kevin the best possible 
view. 

As she entered the fitting room and hung up her choices, Jennifer was
already starting to breathe heavily, and her skin was starting to glow 
slightly in the heat of the shop.  She turned around and reached up to 
pull closed the curtain screen, deliberately leaving a fairly wide gap 
to the left of the curtain, the side nearest to Kevin.  From the corner 
of her eye, she noted that Kevin had definitely seen her entering the 
fitting room, although he was partly hidden by a rack of clothes.  So 
far so good. 

Jennifer turned around inside the cubicle to face the full length mirror
at the back, and took in her own reflection, straightening the collar 
of her shirt, and sliding her hands down across her flat belly to 
adjust the belt on her shorts.  Whilst she was doing this, she also 
checked out the reflection to see what was happening behind her. 

From the front of her cubicle, there was a long straight aisle leading
all the way to the front of the store, where the counter was.  She had 
to stop herself from smiling as she realised the spotty guy had 
repositioned himself at that end of the counter that gave him the best 
view into her cubicle. 

Over to the left in her reflection, she could just make out Kevin, half
hidden, but who she could plainly see was pretending to leaf through 
records, but was keeping at least half an eye on her through the gap in 
the curtain screen.  Everything was working perfectly, and Jennifer 
took a deep breath and unbuttoned the shirt and started to pull at the 
knot that held it together. 

She could feel two pairs of eyes watching as she finally untied the knot
in her shirt.  Now all that was covering her breasts were the flaps of 
the shirt, which she pulled apart, and shrugged from her shoulders, as 
her audience watched with bated breath.  She casually draped the shirt 
over the wooden seat, and then turned in profile to the clothes she had 
selected, and slowly reached up to unhook one of the items from the 
hanger.  She knew that she was now perfectly visible in profile, her 
arms stretched upwards, raising her breasts into the best position for 
the two guys to see.  She held the pose for a few seconds whilst 
holding her own breath from excitement, deliberately exposing herself 
to their view. 

The item she first selected was a simple print dress, in a filmy
material, with a zipper down the back.  She unzipped the zipper, before 
stepping into the dress and pulling it up and over her shorts, 
stretching her arms to pull the dress up over her shoulders, and 
adjusting it at the front, the zipper still all the way down.  Before 
starting to fasten the zipper, she turned back to the mirror, allowing 
the two men to see her back exposed, down to about the middle of her 
shorts, where the zipper reached to. 

Jennifer smoothed her hands ostentatiously down the front of the dress,
pulling a face as she encountered the bumps and lumps of her shorts 
beneath the dress.  Then, as if to get a proper feel for the fit of the 
dress over her curvy frame, she reached down at the front and under the 
skirt of the dress to undo, and then slip out of her shorts.  She was 
now completely naked beneath the thin material of the dress, but the 
men had no idea that this was the case, until she stood back up, the 
zip still undone. 

As she shook her self into the dress and let it fall over her body to
lie naturally over her, both men could now see the start of the crack 
of her backside, and the swelling curves at the top of the cheeks of 
her ass.  It was clear that she wasn't wearing knickers under the dress. 
 The sweat had started to form in droplets on the forehead of the 
spotty shop assistant, and there was an uncomfortable tightness in his 
crotch as his cock started to swell at this unexpected relief from the 
normal monotony of his day.  Jennifer's deliberate exposure was having 
the desired effect on at least one of her watchers, and she could 
clearly see his reaction in the reflection of her mirror. 

What Kevin was thinking and feeling was less obvious, but she could see
that she had clearly attracted his attention, and he now made no 
pretence of looking through the records, but was openly peeking at her 
through the racks of clothes. 

Jennifer reached behind her for the zipper to the dress, and pulled it
up as far as she could, before reaching over her shoulder to pull it 
the rest of the way up.  Despite the casual choice of dress, it had not 
been important when she chose it whether it fitted or suited her, the 
dress was actually a great fit, and clung to her curves like a second 
skin.  She twisted and posed in front of the mirror, turning this way 
and that, smoothing the dress over her hips, and then her bust, 
allowing her hands to do what she was sure both men would like to have 
done.  She felt really sensual, allowing her hands to caress her young 
body as they watched her. 

After several minutes of this, Jennifer reached back to undo the zip,
pulling it all the way down, and then turning to select another item 
from those she had brought into the fitting room with her, the dress 
hanging loosely about her, and the cheeks of her ass partially on 
display.  She took a few seconds to select the next item, deliberately 
teasing the boys who were watching her with growing interest and 
erections, waiting for her to slip out of the dress. 

Finally, she shrugged the  dress from her shoulders, and it cascaded
down, forming a liquid pool at her feet, and leaving her standing 
completely naked, her entire rear exposed directly to the two boys / 
men, whilst her naked front was visible to them in the reflection of 
her own mirror.  She heard a short intake of air from Kevin as her 
entire body came into view, and she paused for a second or two to allow 
him to drink her all in with his eyes. 

Jenifer's nipples were erect, and the little patch of blond hair at the
base of her flat, taut stomach, was all that stood between her and his 
intent gaze.  The start of her pussy lips was visible between her legs, 
and became more so as her legs opened as she stepped out of the dress 
which had pooled at her feet.  Jennifer had never felt so wanton in her 
life, enjoying her own exposure and exhibition, remembering that this 
was because Jeff had ordered her to do this.  She wondered if she could 
take the next step. 

Still completely naked, except for her shoes, Jennifer slowly bent from
the waist to pick up the dress that had covered her so recently.  As 
she bent forwards, her ass pushed back against the curtain that was 
only partly closed behind her, causing the curtain to open even 
further.  She took her time collecting the dress in this position, 
aware that her ass was now poking out of the fitting room, and totally 
exposed to two pairs of eyes.  Beneath, between her partially opened 
legs, her moist pussy lips were also visible, and her breath caught as 
she realised that the two watchers would be aware of her wetness and 
excitement at displaying herself so blatantly. 

Finally, and reluctantly, she stood back up, and took her time to fold
the dress neatly and put it on the chair on top of her shirt that she 
had placed there earlier.  Her shorts were still at her feet where she 
had stepped out of them, and she wondered if she should bend again to 
pick them up.  Instead she squatted down on her haunches, still facing 
the mirror, her legs parting and exposing her sex, gapingly wet and 
excited.  She looked at herself thus displayed in the mirror, enjoying 
the sensation of seeing exactly what her audience were seeing.  As one 
hand groped around on the floor for her shorts, she couldn't resist 
reaching between her legs with the other hand, and quickly spreading 
her lips, feeling her own wetness with her fingers under the constant 
gaze of her school friend and a complete stranger.  As she checked out 
his reflection in the mirror, she saw that the shop assistant was 
openly and sensually groping his own erection through the material of 
his pants, his bulge straining down his leg with his excitement. 

She slowly stood up, and added the shorts to the little pile of clothes
on the chair, and then turned in profile to select another item from 
those she had taken into the changing room with her. 

As she stood, naked, in profile to her two watchers, arms raised again
to grapple with the the hangers on which her selection hung, she again 
gave her audience a perfect view of her young, tautly stretched body.  
As she took down a short skirt from the hook, she appeared to notice 
the gap in the curtain, and quickly turned to pull it closed, shutting 
off the view, and breaking the hearts of her attentive audience, but 
adding to their mutual impression that they had been privileged to view 
an entirely accidental, rather than deliberate display. 

With the curtain closed, Jennifer took a deep breath, leant against the
wall of the cubicle and considered her position.  She was still naked, 
had just enjoyed, and been immensely excited by, displaying her 
nakedness to a school acquaintance and a complete stranger.  Her pulse 
was racing, and her pussy was swollen and wet with her excitement.  
Now, hidden from view, she couldn't resist reaching down and sliding 
her middle finger between her legs, allowing it to slide gently across 
her erect clitoris, and between those same wet lips that she had 
displayed so lasciviously so few moments ago.  Her eyes closed with the 
sensation of her finger satisfying her need for physical contact, and 
the images of what she had just done filled her dirty mind. 

She asked herself what Jeff would want her to do next, and answered
herself in a way that allowed her to do what she wanted to do.  But 
first, her excitement needed appeasing, and she quickly frigged at 
herself, bringing herself to an intense orgasm in just a few seconds, 
whilst still standing against the wall of the cubicle.  It was 
difficult for her to keep the noise of her orgasm from escaping her 
lips, and she ended up biting hard on the thumb of one hand whilst the 
other worked quickly between her legs, bringing the release of orgasm. 

As she quieted down from the intense excitement of cumming, she realised
that she was sopping wet between the legs, and the smell of her 
excitement became unmistakeable in the confines of the dressing room.  
She took a tissue from the pocket of her shorts, and wiped herself as 
best she could before discarding the tissue in the little waste bin in 
the corner of the cubicle; then she eyed her remaining selection of 
clothes for a suitable item for the next part of her plan. 

Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 

The curtain had been closed for a few seconds before either of the
watchers could draw their eyes from the booth and reluctantly return to 
other matters, with the expectation that the show was over for now.  
Kevin returned to leafing through the remaining LPs on the shelf, but 
now stood closer to the shelf to hide his erection, which had tented 
his baggy pants.  He would never be able to look at Jennifer Salvatore 
again in school without remembering her as she stood naked in the booth 
only a few feet away from him.  The thought added to his excitement. 

Paul, the shop assistant, whose boring routine day had just got a lot
more interesting, was so aroused by what he had just witnessed that he 
couldn't resist stepping quickly from behind the counter and into the 
staff rest room at the side of the store.  Here, after locking the 
door, he quickly dropped his own pants, and with a few quick strokes of 
his experienced hand, shot a load of his sperm at the back of the 
toilet bowl whilst remembering the lovely sight of the naked girl in 
the dressing room.  The whole operation took him no longer than it did 
Jennifer, and if they only knew it, they had just experienced their 
first simultaneous orgasm. 

Paul quickly cleaned up, and went back to the counter, having been
absent for no more than 60 seconds from start to finish. 

Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 

It was a good 5 minutes later before anything else happened.  Kevin was
still leafing through the albums, and had collected 3 or 4 that had 
caught his interest.  He was pulling these out of their sleeves to 
assess the extent of the wear and scratch damage on the vynil before 
making a purchase, when he heard the sound of the curtain being drawn 
quickly across the opening of the booth still occupied by Jennifer.  
His eyes flashed up to see her emerge from the booth, not in the shorts 
and shirt she had worn when arriving, but in a skirt and top that she 
had obviously taken into the booth with her.  As she walked up to the 
counter at the front of the store, Kevin's eyes followed her with 
renewed interest. 

The skirt was short.  Very short.  Such that it only just covered her
ass.  As she walked up the aisle towards the shop assistant, he watched 
her rear as the skirt swished and swayed with her motion, flicking up 
as her ass swung to reveal the crease at the base of her cheeks, first 
the left and then the right. 

When he could take his eyes of the mesmeric effect of the hem of her
skirt, he was able to see that from the back, the top she had on was 
completely sheer and see-through, and he could see her shoulder blades 
moved through the shirt as her arms swung on the walk to the front of 
the shop. 

"Oh my God!" he thought, "what must that look like from the front?" 

Whilst he was thinking that, Paul was doing a double-take.  His
attention too had been awakened by the sound of the curtain opening, 
and his quick glance had taken in the site of Jennifer walking up the 
aisle, her eyes locked with his, before he had bent his head down in 
embarrassment at her stare.  With his head bowed, his brain was able to 
make sense of the information provided by his peripheral vision, and 
the sight of her wonderful breasts, bobbing slightly as she walked 
towards him, and clearly visible through the filmy material of the 
blouse, caused his head to pop back up in disbelief.  His second stare 
at her avoided her eyes, and his own eyes locked instead on her breasts 
as she walked quickly up to the counter right in front of him. 

"Excuse me" she said, standing balatantly on display before him, "I need
to know if these prices are fixed, or if I buy both these items, can I 
make an offer for a reduced price for the two?" 

As she spoke, she reached up with one hand and pulled the price tag from
inside the shirt where it was attached to a button, and with the other, 
she pulled up the tag on the skirt, which was stapled to the hem at the 
side.  She pushed both tags towards him, inviting him to look at them. 

Paul could barely drag his eyes from her breasts, but forced himself to
look at the prices on the two items.  He did the math in his head, 
individually they added up to $22.  He wanted to pay her back for the 
pleasure she had so far brought him, and he flushed and stammered as he 
replied. 

"B b buy the skirt for $12, and I'll throw in the blouse" he said. 

Jennifer's big smile was reward enough for his offer, and she quickly
flipped on her heels and headed back to the changing booth, stepping in 
an exaggeratedly female fashion.  Now it was Paul's turn to enjoy the 
rear view, whilst Kevin was able to answer his own question about what 
the front looked like.  His mouth dropped open as Jennifer walked 
directly towards him as if she didn't have a care in the world. 

For the first time, Jennifer acknowledged Kevin's presence, and smiled
cheerfully at him, saying "Hi Kevin" as she passed his astonished 
stare.  She headed straight back into the booth, didn't bother with the 
curtain, and blatantly stripped off, replacing her shorts and shirt in 
their full view.  She picked up the blouse and skirt she had just taken 
off, and headed back to the counter.  As she passed Kevin, she paused 
and looked him straight in the eye. 

"I'm going for something to eat in Roman Delight, want to join me?" 

Without waiting for an answer, she walked to the counter, handed over
the items and $12 to the gob-smacked Paul, who wordlessly wrapped her 
purchases and handed them back.  Just before she left the store, she 
leaned over the counter towards him and whispered, 

"I left some of the items in the booth, maybe you should get them back
on the rack as soon as I leave".  Then she winked at him, and left the 
shop. 

Kevin, who had watched the entire spectacle speechless, left his
selected albums as they lay on the shelf, and started to walk after 
her, gradually increasing his pace to a trot, and almost running out of 
the door to the store behinf her in his effort to catch up with her. 

They left behind the bemused Paul, on his own in the now deserted store,
who was trying to work out what her final words had been about.  He 
didn't disciver their true meaning until 10 minutes later, when he went 
into the cubicle to remove the discarded items and replace them on the 
rack.  As he gathered them up, he noticed some writing on the mirror.  
In lipstick, Jennifer had written the following: 

"mail me.  Jennifersalvatore1987 at hotmail dot com" 

He smiled at the message, quickly wrote the address down on the back of
his hand, and then picked up the tissue lying in the waste bin to erase 
the message from the mirror.  He noted the dampness of the tissue, and 
suspiciously raised it near his nose.  The scent was unmistakeably that 
of mixed lipstick and pussy juice, and his cock started to swell afresh 
in his pants. 








