


                   
On the Sand 
by DeeDee18 (deedeeo18@hotmail.com)

***

Jan's adventure at the beach. (FF, exh, orgy)

***

On one weekend during the summer before Angie and I 
were counselors I went to California to visit my 
grandparents. I got bored and one day headed to the 
shoreline to catch some rays.

I arrived at the beach about noon and the sun was high 
in the sky. On a normal weekday the strand is deserted, 
but today I noticed a beautiful young girl stretched 
out on a big beach towel, sound asleep, apparently, 
because her breathing was even and deep. I spread my 
towel and was about to strip off my outer clothes when 
she woke up and looked over at me.

"You can sit next to me if you like," she said.

"Okay, I would like that," I replied, as I moved my 
stuff over closer to her and spread my own towel about 
five feet away. She rolled over onto her stomach and 
leaned on her elbows as she stared at me with the 
greenest eyes I have ever seen. She was a redhead, and 
absolutely gorgeous, now that I was close enough to 
see.

"Hi, my name is Kathy," she drawled in some southern 
accent that I had never heard before. It was so sexy 
that I almost drooled when she spoke. She stared at my 
body over the top of her sunglasses and then smiled.

"You're sure a cute little thing, aren't you?" She 
said, as I blushed, and slowly pulled my little top off 
revealing my tiny bikini top. 

"I think I'm too fat," I said, as I pulled my tight 
cutoffs down over my wiggling hips. I almost lost the 
bottoms of my bikini and had to pull them back up real 
fast as she caught a glimpse of my little puffy cunt 
lips and my white tummy.

She giggled and said, "I think you are just right, I 
hate really skinny girls, don't you?"

"Yeah, like those models in the mags who are all skin 
and bones."

"Yes. You have a really sexy little figure, so don't 
put yourself down, okay?"

"Okay," I giggled back, as I stretched out on my back 
in the bright sun. I turned my head and caught her 
looking at my breasts and licking her lips as little 
beads of sweat formed on her upper lip. I could see the 
sides of her large breasts poking out of her suit and 
my heartbeat went up a notch. God, she was sexy 
herself!

"You are a knockout, you know?" I panted, as I felt my 
nipples begin to swell and push up the fabric off my 
breasts so she could easily see I was getting excited 
looking at her. 

"I'm sorry I woke you up, go ahead and nap some more if 
you want," I said, as I felt moisture slowly working 
it's way out of my tight little vagina opening.

"I really am tired, was up all night with that jerk of 
a boyfriend of mine. He is so self centered. He never 
cares about my needs, you know?"

"Yeah, been there, done that," I replied.

"So what did you do?" she asked with one perfect 
eyebrow raised over her tinted lenses.

"I threw him away and got a girl friend," I said, as I 
held my breath expecting her to jump up and run.

"Really? Hunh. I've never been with a girl, what's it 
like?" She asked, as I noticed her hips push down on 
the sand slightly, and her nipples also start to poke 
out.

"Want me to show you?" I asked, hoping I wasn't going 
too fast here.

"No, that's alright," She giggled, as she laid her face 
down on the towel and grinned at me, "I really think 
I'll snooze some more, but thanks for the offer. If I 
was ever going to do that I would certainly love to do 
it with a sexy little girl like you, though."

I smiled, and then turned my face to the sun as I dozed 
myself, feeling the hot sun between my legs starting to 
make me hornier and hornier. I slowly raised my hand on 
the side away from her and slid it under my little 
triangle of cloth on the right side of my bikini top. 
My nipple swelled some more as I teased it with my 
fingernail. I glanced over to check on Kathy and she 
was snoring very softly with her lips parted.

God, she was turning me on more and more as I looked 
her up and down and played with my nipple! "If she is 
really asleep I can play with both of them," I thought, 
as I raised my other hand up and slid my fingers under 
the cloth. I kept watching her as I got hotter and 
hotter until I was moving my hips and running one foot 
up and down my thigh.

I closed my eyes and gave myself over to the sweet 
sensations coursing through me. As I rubbed and tugged 
on my nipples the top slid up until I felt the sea 
breeze blowing over my hot skin. "Do I dare take my top 
off?" I panted to myself. The thought of her waking up 
and seeing me half naked made my cunt start to seep 
moisture. I reached up and untied the tie at my 
neck and the one in front and pulled my top completely 
off and laid it on the sand.

I arched my back against my fingers and panted softly 
as I worked my body toward an orgasm. I opened my eyes 
and looked at Kathy as she moaned a little in her sleep 
and slid her hands down under her bikini bottoms. I 
gasped when I saw that, and I realized she must be 
having an erotic dream while I was playing with my 
breasts. I couldn't stand it anymore and I slid both my 
hands under the top of my bikini bottoms and plunged my 
fingers into my sopping wet cunt.

The orgasm started slowly and ran up my body as I bit 
my lip and moaned. I shook violently when the full 
force hit me and I almost screamed, I was in such sweet 
agony!

By now my bottoms were down around my thighs and I 
untied them and pulled them completely off and laid 
them next to the top beside me. Then I spread my legs 
wide and fingered my cunt furiously while I ogled 
Kathy's body now moving up and down on her own fingers 
in her sleep.

I reached up and grabbed my swollen breasts with one 
hand as I finger fucked my hot little cunt with the 
other until the second shock wave rippled through me. I 
spread my legs as wide as I could and yanked on my 
swollen clit until I was panting and sweating under the 
hot sun. The mixture of my sweat and my juices made a 
slurping sound as I fingered my cunt faster and faster 
and moaned softly, "Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh God," over and 
over, as the next orgasm built.

I glanced quickly at Kathy's face and was shocked to 
see her green eyes staring back at me as her tongue 
licked her dry lips and she moaned and gasped as her 
own orgasm hit.

"Oh, God, Jan, that was incredible! You looked so hot 
fingering your little cunt, it made me cum harder than 
I ever have before!"

"Please, Kathy, take your suit off so I can look at 
your naked body too?"

"Oh, God, I can't believe I'm doing this," she panted, 
as she raised up and literally tore her top off and then 
yanked on the side of her bottoms until the tie tore 
loose and the material slid off of her gorgeous rear 
end. I gasped at the sight of her perfect breasts and 
huge nipples and jerked up off the towel as another 
orgasm started to build in my sweaty little body.

She turned on her side to show me her red haired cunt 
lips as she fingered them and panted and moaned over 
and over. She was bathed in sweat like me and it 
dripped off her nipples and made wet spots on her 
towel. I turned on my side toward her and we stared at 
each other as we finger fucked our wet cunts faster and 
faster.

Oh, God, Kathy, I'm about to cum, are you?" I gasped.

"Oh, God yesssss," she hissed, as she pumped her fingers 
faster and grabbed her nipples hard and tugged on them, 
"Oh, God Jan, I'm cumming, please cum with me, okay?"

"Oh yesss, I'm cumming toooo!" I screamed, as I jerked 
and twitched as the contractions ran up and down my 
heaving little stomach.

"Oh God!" she screamed at the same time, and cum 
spurted from her cunt lips and poured on her towel and 
the hot sand to make a puddle by my own between us.

As the orgasm waned I slowly fell back down on the 
towel as she too collapsed and we lay there panting and 
smiling at each other as we tried to catch our breath.

"Jan, if you still want to I would really like to try 
having sex with a girl, would you mind terribly?" she 
asked, as she stared into my eyes with a sultry look. I 
melted on the spot as my heart thundered in my ears 
hearing the thing I most wanted to hear in the world at 
that moment.

"Oh God, Kathy, I want you so bad, yesss!" I panted, as 
I got up on my knees and leaned over to run my hand 
over the side of her face tenderly. She grabbed my 
fingers and kissed my palm as I moved next to her.

"Before we do anything why don't we go cool off in the 
sea for a bit," I giggled, as the sweat poured off our 
hot bodies.

"Yeah, that sounds great, I'm soaked here," She 
laughed, as we both stood up and started for the water. 
We walked down to the wet sand at the water's edge and 
then dove into the next curl as it raced toward the 
beach. We came up with foam all over our hair and then 
swam out past the breakers to calmer water. We floated 
on our backs as we talked and watched the sea gulls 
soaring and diving in the clear blue afternoon sky.

Finally we body surfed in to the beach, and got up 
laughing. She reached out and held my hand and then we 
walked back up to our towels to dry in the hot sun. We 
decided to walk down the beach for a while as we got to 
know each other better. The sands were still deserted 
so we just left our suits by the towels and walked 
naked, feeling the cool sea breeze caress out breasts 
and between our legs. It was fantastic to be walking 
with this beautiful redhead next to me and she was 
constantly staring at my own body as my breasts moved 
slightly as I walked.

We hugged, and giggled, and discussed boys and girls we 
knew until we were way down by the rocks at the far end 
of the beach. The constant ebbing and flowing of the 
tides had carved a low ledge in the sand and we sat on 
it as we watched the waves break.

Kathy looked at me and I turned and softly kissed her. 
She sighed and slid her tongue into my panting mouth as 
I sucked and licked hers at the same time. I pushed her 
back so she was leaning on her elbows and slowly ran my 
hand up over her tight stomach. I could feel her 
tremble and her nipples got really big as they swelled 
under my touch.

"Oh, God!" she whispered as I ran my hand down to the 
wet red hairs above her cunt lips. She had shaved so 
her bikini wouldn't show any hair poking out, but had 
left a neatly trimmed patch right above her puffy cunt 
that I was now running my fingers through. I pushed 
gently as she opened her shaking legs and my finger 
slid onto her wet opening as she gasped and jerked her 
hips.

She tried to stand and I shook my head as I moved 
between her open legs. "Let me show you the way, okay?" 
I panted, as I forced another finger in beside the 
other one. She moaned, and threw her head back, and 
then closed her eyes, as I began to finger fuck her 
while I ran my other hand up and down her quaking body. 
She shivered as I pulled out on her big nipples, and I 
felt more of her juices wetting my plunging fingers.

I kept it up until she was gasping and moaning.

"Oh God, Jan! Your fingers feel soo good inside me. 
Oooh, what did you just touch in there? Ohmigod! I feel 
like I'm about to pee and cum at the same time! Oh, 
shit, Jan, fuck me faster, honey, please. Unh, unh, 
unh, unh. Oh God I'm gonna' cum again, oh Jaaaaaaaan!" 
she screamed, as she gushed all over my hand and 
twitched and jerked on the soft sand.

Each contraction lifted her up in the air as her 
stomach muscles tightened and then released over and 
over. She flayed around and she grabbed my wrist and 
pulled my fingers in deeper as she screamed out again
and again, from the intense spasms running up and down
her sweaty body. 

Finally I let her come down as I kissed her breasts and 
belly button and licked her soft red cunt hair.

"Wow! What a turn on!" she said, as she pulled me down 
on top of her, and kissed me hard on the mouth, "You 
must have done this before," she giggled, as I licked 
her lips and bit her lower lip gently.

"Yeah, once or twice," I giggled back, as I slid down 
over her sweaty body and ran my tongue up into her 
outer cunt lips and nibbled on her hard little clit. 
She jerked up off the sand and grabbed my hair and 
shoved my face hard against her mound as she spurted 
cum into my open mouth. Her cunt lips were trembling as 
I licked and sucked her through two more intense 
orgasms.

"Oh, shit, Jan, please stop, I can't take anymore!" She 
cried, as she rolled around on the now wet sand.

"Oh, alright. If you insist," I giggled, as I bit her 
clit one last time playfully. I reached out and pulled 
her to her feet and we walked down to rinse off in the 
ocean. We splashed around for a while as we hugged and 
kissed until I was getting so turned on my cunt was 
dripping down my leg.

"It looks like the little girl has a problem," She 
laughed, as she tweaked one of my rock hard nipples. I 
gasped, and grabbed her hand and crushed it against my 
swollen breast. She grabbed the other one and then 
tugged and twirled the little nubs between her fingers 
until I was going wild with lust.

"Oh, Kathy, please make love to me now, okay?" I 
panted, as I threw my arms around her neck and crushed 
her beautiful body against mine. I rubbed my nipples 
back and forth over hers as she ran her fingers down to 
my cunt and slid one nail up and down my wet little 
slit. I jerked at her touch and pushed my hips forward 
as I grabbed her hand and started humping it 
feverishly.

She curled three finger tips up in me and I fucked them 
harder and harder until I felt the orgasm start up my 
straining little body. She was really strong and held 
me tight as she fucked me, and it felt so good! I 
slid my leg between hers and she pushed her own cunt 
hard against it as she started humping me too. 

Then she pushed me back and I fell to the wet sand at 
the waters edge. A wave petered out on the beach and 
the wash surged up my gaping cunt around her fingers 
and I screamed at the intense orgasm as it jerked me 
around and around. I gripped the wet slippery shore as 
she continued to pound in and out until I was screaming 
constantly, "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me! Oh God! FUCK 
MEEEEEEEEE!!!!!" over and over, as I jerked my hips up 
off the sand and squirmed and shuddered as after shocks
ran up and down my body.

She wiped my stringy blonde curls out of my dripping 
wet face and helped me up. I held onto her wet body 
tight as we staggered up the beach to our towels. I 
flopped down as she tenderly wiped the last of the 
seawater off me. Then she picked up a blanket that she 
had with her and spread it out and we lay back on it 
to dry off and snuggle in the waning sunlight. As the 
cool air blew off the waves I pulled our towels over us 
and we were snug as a bug under them.

We heard footsteps in the sand and looked up at two 
guys and their dates coming down from the dunes behind 
us. They stared at us lying there, and then the girls 
giggled and the guys smiled knowingly at the two 
lesbian girls lying close together under their towels 
with apparently nothing on, since our bikinis were 
lying in the sand next to us.

They moved down the beach a ways and set their cooler 
down and spread their own blankets out. We watched as 
the girls pulled their sweatshirts off to reveal 
stunning figures wrapped in the sexiest bikinis we had 
ever seen! They had tiny little pouches in front that 
barely covered their cunts and the tops were almost non 
existent, just barely covering their nipples. The thong 
like outfits revealed their cute buns completely to our 
gaze and we both shuddered with desire to go fuck them 
right then.

I caressed Kathy's breast as she moaned in my ear, "Oh, 
God, Jan, I'm turning into such a slut here. I want to 
eat them both while you watch me and I want you to eat 
me right now while they watch. God, what have you done 
to me?"

I ran my tongue into her ear and sucked noisily as she 
shuddered and gasped loudly. She pushed my hand down 
between her legs and I ran my fingers up her wet cunt 
as she panted and moaned. The guys were looking at us 
and their shorts did little to hide the fact that they 
were both getting rock hard. Their dates giggled, and 
then reached down and grabbed their bulges as they 
jerked and gasped while ogling us making out under the 
towels.

"Jan, pull my towel down, okay?" Kathy panted in my 
face, as I stared into her beautiful green eyes. "I 
want them to see me naked while you finger fuck me. Oh 
God, I'm so wet!"

I smiled at her half closed eyes and ran my fingernail 
down across her tight stomach under her towel and she 
jerked and gasped as I did, "Oh, God, Jan, I'm starting 
to cum again. I can't believe how horny I am since we 
met this morning; I can't seem to get enough! You're 
driving me crazy with lust, you meany," She panted, as 
she fucked up against my fingers driving in and out of 
her sopping wet cunt.

The motion of her hips thrashing around caused her 
towel to slide slowly off her straining body until the 
group watching us gasped as her naked body suddenly was 
revealed as it finally fell completely off. I smiled at 
them as I fingered her harder and harder, and the 
girls' mouths hung open in awe as they rubbed their 
date's shorts faster and faster. Then Kathy screamed as 
she bucked up off the sand and spurted her sweet juices 
all over my hand. At that same moment I heard the guys 
moan and watched as cum spurted down their legs from 
under their baggy shorts.

I turned and slid my tongue down over Kathy's smooth 
belly to her red cunt hair. She pulled my body over her 
so my own cunt was directly over her face, and then she 
plunged her tongue up between the outer lips of my wet 
cunt, too. My towel was falling off as we sucked and 
licked each other totally oblivious to the group 
watching us now. The waning sun shown on our glistening 
sweaty bodies as we ate each other.

We gasped and moaned in unison until we both came 
together. I licked hungrily at her soft cunt as she ran 
her tongue up and down my own slit sucking all the 
moisture into her hot mouth as she panted. 

Finally we collapsed with our heads between each others 
legs. We heard applause break out and looked up to see 
the group standing over us grinning and clapping at our 
naked bodies sixty nined on the blanket. I rolled off 
Kathy and we both grinned back at them as they offered 
us each a beer and toasted us with theirs.

"Great show!" one of the guys said as his date ran her 
hand over his softening penis down the front of his 
shorts. The other girl was stroking her date in the 
same way with her hand down under his shorts, too. The 
two guys were hugging the girls to their sides as they 
panted and moved their hips as the fondling increased.

We slid over on our knees and pulled their shorts down 
as their rigid cocks sprang into view. Kathy helped the 
one girl jack off her date while I fondled the other 
ones balls and licked the throbbing head with the tip 
of my little pink tongue. It didn't take but a few 
seconds before they erupted and shot white sprays of 
cum all over our faces and the grasping hands of their 
dates.

We all laughed as we wiped them off with our towels and 
then they walked over to their own blanket and 
stretched out to recover. The two girls stayed and 
knelt by us as we chatted and giggled about the 
afternoon's activities. I saw one girl, who said her 
name was Kasey, ogling me when she thought I wasn't 
looking and Kathy noticed and grinned at me.

"Looks like someone wants to fondle your cute little 
clit," she whispered in my ear, as the girl blushed and 
her friend laughed. I stared Kasey in the eyes as I ran 
my fingers over her bikini clad little tits and she 
gasped as she blushed. But she didn't move away as I 
slid one finger under the elastic and traced my nail 
across her stiff little nipple. She gasped and put her 
own hand over mine and squeezed my fingers into her 
swelling breast.

Kathy slid over and did the same to her other nipple 
and the other girl panted as she watched us playing 
with her little friend. Then we pulled her top off and 
tugged on her stiff little nubs until she was moaning 
and trembling from out caresses. We stood her up and 
untied her bikini bottoms and let them fall to the sand 
revealing her pretty little shaved cunt lips and the 
moisture seeping out of them. I licked my lips at the 
sight and my own cunt started to leak.Kathy was fingering 
Kasey's fleshy cunt as I leaned over and sucked one 
little nipple deep into my mouth.

Her friend watched as she removed her own bikini and 
fondled her nipples and fingered her cunt. I looked 
over at her and something in my head rang a bell. I 
stopped what I was doing and just stared at her. She 
looked at me questioningly, and said, "What? Why are 
you looking at me like that?" I wracked my brain and 
finally realized what was troubling me. I knew this 
girl! I had seen her picture on the internet!

A short while back some guy had sent me pictures of a 
girl who he pretended to be, to try and coax me to send 
him my naked photos. This had to be her, or her exact 
twin! I stared some more until she blushed and dropped 
her eyes to the sand.

"Have you ever had a boyfriend in England?" I asked.

"Yeah, I did a few months ago, why? And how could you 
possibly know that?" She stammered with fear in her 
eyes.

"Because he sent me your pictures on the net," I 
replied, as she stared at me in total shock.

"He couldn't have!" She replied, as she licked her dry 
lips.

"Your name is Tishy, right?"

"Oh. My God! I can't believe this! Who are you, and why 
are you telling me this stuff?"

`I write stories for a sex site on the web under the 
pen name DeeDee18. Have you ever heard of me?" I asked.

"Oh, shit! Sure I have. My boyfriend wrote to tell me 
he was trying to write to you. What a small world! Are 
you really her? How incredible is that?" she said, as 
she shuddered and looked at me searchingly.

"Yes I am, and I have thought about your sweet face and 
sexy body many times since then, and have wanted to eat 
you so bad that I lay awake nights playing with myself 
while staring at your tight body and those yummy 
looking breasts and nipples and your sweet looking cunt 
lips. And here you are in the flesh, and even more 
stunning than I imagined," I panted, as my cunt leaked 
on the sand and my nipples swelled so hard that they 
ached looking at her.

"Ohmigod! That is amazing! You really want me that bad, 
hunh? Well here's your chance sweetie, get over here 
and eat me now!" She panted, with that sweet little 
glint in her eye as I knelt before her parted legs and 
looked up at her wet slit above my face. I reached 
around to fondle her tight buns as I buried my face in 
her smooth mound and ran my tongue up her hot cunt.

"Oh God. How I've imagined this moment!" I gasped, as I 
sucked on her clit hungrily. She smiled down at me and 
giggled as she swept her honey streaked hair over my 
head, "You like that, little one?" she panted.

"Umm hum," I mumbled, as I worked my tongue deeper into 
her wet cunt. I licked up and down on her inner lips 
until her hips began to move and her breath was coming 
in short gasps as she ground her cunt into my face.

"Oh, God, Jan, or whoever you are, you feel so good in 
there. Suck me harder, harder. Bite my clit! Yessss," 
she panted, as I nibbled and tugged with my teeth on 
her stiff nub. Then she stiffened, and I felt her warm 
juices flow into my mouth as she shook from her orgasm. 
She bucked against my face repeatedly until the 
contractions eased and she let her breath out in a 
rush.

"Oh, man, you are good!" She panted, as she ran her 
fingers through my hair and then kissed the top of my 
head. I looked up into her eyes and smiled as I grabbed 
her buns and ran a finger up and down her smooth crack. 
She gasped, and then giggled, as I stood up and kissed 
her and ran my tongue over her sweet lips and stared 
into those mischievously beautiful eyes.

By now Kathy had the other girl totally exhausted so 
she and Kasey staggered over to their blankets and 
flopped down on their boyfriends and fell asleep in 
their arms. I hugged Kathy and then we picked up our 
stuff and shook the sand out and folded everything up. 
Then we walked up the dunes to our cars exchanging 
phone numbers and kissing and hugging all the way.

As I drove down the highway I recalled the day and the 
miraculous meeting with Tishy and Kathy and smiled as I 
headed for the airport to fly back to my little lover 
Angie to regale her with my latest escapade. She would 
be sooo jealous! 

               

