As Elaine walked through the forest she could feel the backlog of anxieties and stresses she had accumulated in London evaporate. A month ago she would still have been struggling home from the office. A tube ride spent with her face pressed to some finance-types armpit followed by a half hour bus ride to one of the darkest recesses of Zone 4. Her reward for that long journey was an evening spent alone in a dingy one bedroom flat above a chicken shop.
No wonder when the opportunity to work remotely had arisen, she had jumped at the chance. An hour after her boss agreed she was on property websites, looking for somewhere away from the metropolis.
For the price she was paying in the city, she had found Oak Copse Cottage nestled deep in the heart of the New Forest. Although only a two bedroom cottage with plumbing from the late 1800's, it had character pouring from every brick and strand of thatch. Even better than that, it came with an acre of its own land and a forest on its doorstep.
At the end of the workday, Elaine had fallen into the habit of logging off her computer, pulling on her walking boots and heading out into the forest. The smell of leaves, moss and wood was a perfume to her. When she returned home and went to bed she could still smell the pungent vegetation on her hair. The forest fascinated her. Although called the New Forest this was a terrible misnomer. The forest was already ancient by the time the Romans conquered Britain.
It was walking on her own, through sun dappled glades and amongst trees that had stood for hundreds of years that made her move worthwhile. That sunny Friday afternoon she decided to walk to her favourite place in the entire forest.
She didn't think it had a name. She was reasonably sure that no other human being had been there for a long time. There were certainly no tracks worn into the dirt or trail markers carved into the oaks. It was a dell, a large bowl in the earth, no more than fifty paces from side to side. In the centre stood three fallen oak trees, all collapsed on each other and covered with moss. To the left of the depression stood a small mound, a pile of stones embedded at it's crown. To the right, a small patch of bluebells decorated the forest floor. Around the lip of the dell, the trees formed a wall obscuring it from view.
Elaine had only found the place by accident. She had been walking nearby when a young dear crossed her path. Having recently moved to the countryside, the novelty of this thrilled her and she attempted to take a picture of the animal. Before she could unlock her phone, the animal had fled. Elaine followed through bushes and thickets until she had found her way to the dell. All thought's of pursuing the dear left her head when she realised where she was. She spent two hours in the dell on that first day. Exploring, climbing and then daydreaming.
That afternoon when she reached the dell, the sun was filling it with the soft yellow light of a late summer evening. Despite the heat of the day it was cool from the cover of the surrounding trees. When she first half-walked, half- tumbled down into it, two foxes had raised their heads and looked at her with inquisitive eyes before skulking away.
She walked to the centre and climbed the higgledy-piggledy tree trunks. At the tallest point of the pile, the branches and natural erosion had formed a comfy seat where she could sit and rest her back while her legs dangled down. She clambered there, tucked herself into the nook, lent her head back and closed her eyes.
The sounds of the woods was all she could hear. There were no cars, no voices, no nothing. From this spot she could easily imagine that she was the only person in the world. All four of her other senses were dominated by the woodland that surrounded her. The smell and taste of the dense vegetation, the sound of the breeze and birds, the feel of the wood at her back.
As she reclined against the tree a strange feeling came over. At that moment of isolation and tranquillity she felt a spark deep inside her. An urge that she hadn't felt in sometime.
Without even opening her eyes, her right arm snaked down her torso to the zip of the sturdy shorts she wore for her woodland hikes. Elaine undid the button and fly, and her hand burrowed in. She pushed the hem of her underwear down, and slowly began rubbing her slit. Elaine had been deliberately single for a long time and was more than comfortable taking charge of her own pleasure.
As she slowly rubbed her pussy, she felt a small rush of excitement. Her senses were heightened and she felt the soft breeze in the dell suddenly die away leaving only stillness.
Her fingers carried on their work and she slowly felt herself get wetter. A smile crossed her lips. With a quick look to check that she was truly alone, her fingers found her clit and started slowly rubbing it with a circular motion. A satisfied sigh escaped from her lips.
As she frigged herself on the tree, images flashed through her mind. Images of her being taken roughly amongst the leaves by anonymous men, of being violated in the open air, of being fucked among the bluebells. Her fingers increased speed as her imagination flared into life. Her left hand reached across her chest and grabbed a handful of her breast. In her imagination, her thoughts became stranger. She thought of muddy hands grabbing her and leaving smears across her naked flesh; of flowers blooming from her cunt; of being fucked amongst the bushes and plants; of being fucked by bushes and plants; of vines wrapped tightly around her ankles and wrists.
Elaine felt her muscles clench and came. An anguished moan escaped her lips and echoed around the clearing. Her mind was filled with a bright light as the orgasm obliterated all thought. She came back to reality moments later, her left hand still hungrily grabbing her tit while her right had its fingers buried in her vagina. The clearing was suddenly quieter as the birds had stopped singing. Must be because of my noise, Elaine thought.
She pulled her hand from her shorts, and zipped them back up. After taking a moment to compose herself, she climbed down from her nest. The light filtering into the dell had taken a redder hue, and Elaine realised that she only had an hour at most till sunset. With a brief look around the clearing, Elaine began to make her way home.
The rest of her evening was pleasantly uneventful. A simple dinner, a quick video call to one of her friends back in the city and then an hour spent by the fire reading a book. Before she retired to bed, the thought occurred to her that she would probably still be covered in lots of dust from her ramble through the woods, along with her own juices from her earlier play. She ran a deep bath, as hot as she could tolerate, and eased into it.
Elaine closed her eyes and wallowed in the vintage china tub. The heat surrounding her unknotted previously tight muscles. The dust from her expedition to the woods floated away from her and formed a slight film on the surface of the water. Elaine felt something bump lightly on her thigh; something with a thin flat edge. Moving gently she gripped it between thumb and forefinger and held it up. The leaf was a flat oval with a hint of a stalk at the end. It was a vivid green. The light from the bathroom's single bulb bounced off it, and gave the white tiled room a faint green sheen.
A slight frown formed on Elaine's brow. Where had this come from? She had gotten undressed in her bedroom before running the bath. She couldn't remember any plant hitch-hikers. She cast her mind back to her time in the clearing and her open air orgasm. It must have somehow fallen into her clothes and become stuck to her - glued in place by the sweat of her summer walk.
Thinking back to her time in the dell Elaine felt a tingling in her pussy. The memory of being exposed to the open air turned her on. For the second time that day her hand descended to her cleft, and landed on her clitoris. As she started to rub herself, she held the leaf gently in her other hand. Something about the way the light refracted from it had caught her attention. The veins of it smoothly rubbed against her thumb and forefinger.
Her fingers continued to circle her clit, sending electric shocks deep into the core of her. Although staring directly at the leaf, her imagination had returned back to the forest. The smell of the mulch and the dirt filling her nostrils. Once again her mind filled with images of herself fucking and being fucked upon the forest floor.
Below the surface of the bathwater, Elaine's hand changed angle. She pushed her index and middle finger into her cunt. They curled around her form and slowly rubbed the rough patch of skin at the entrance of her vagina. Elaine's imagination was far from the bathroom. In her minds-eye, an anonymous man had her front pinned against a tree trunk. His arms wrapped around her torso, gripping her tight. His thick penis pushed into her, not just filling, but stretching her. It felt incredible.
The feeling of constriction and of being dominated made her hornier than she felt possible. Her imagination added to the scene. Somehow the faceless male stretching her cunt out gained a third, fourth and fifth arm. Two of the extras joined his regular arms, wrapping around her and squeezing her tightly. The remaining extra arm came to her face and it's fingers pushed their way into her mouth causing her to scream in ecstasy.
That, combined with the fingers buried inside her drove Elaine over the edge. An orgasm tore through her. The visions of woodland fucking were blasted from her head. All other sensations annihilated by her climax.
Elaine's consciousness slowly returned to her body. Her mouth felt odd and it took her to realise that in her lust she had shoved four of her fingers into it. She pulled her hand from her face, and realised something was still in her mouth. Using her tongue she pushed out whatever was in there. The leaf fell from her lips, and floated on the bath water.
The next day was Saturday. Elaine was up early. She packed a rucksack, grabbed a protein bar and left the cottage. Something had happened in that secret place in the woods yesterday. She was permanently horny since frigging herself in the open air. Her dreams had also been strange. They were full of visions of herself naked in the forest, or wearing only leaves. Of vines creeping across her flesh and pushing themselves into her. She had dreamt that she sprouted branches, her skin turned to bark and her feet morphed into roots. In each dream only one thing stayed consistent. Although she could not see or hear it, she had known in each dream that she was not alone. Someone or thing was with her and was lusting after her. She had woken up to find her sheets sodden with a mix of her sweat and pussy juice.
She made good time and found herself in the dell well before midday. Unlike the day before, the sky was grey and overcast. A slight breeze blew through the woods. As ever the dell was empty. The fallen trees were piled up in the same manner as yesterday, and the patch of bluebells remained pristine. Despite the apparent emptiness, Elaine knew she wasn't alone.
Elaine walked into the centre and dropped her pack on the ground. She could feel a slight chill on her bare legs.
"Hello." Elaine's voice reverberated around the dell. Nothing responded. Elaine frowned. Something was here, she could feel it. She unzipped the fleece she had thrown on as she left the cottage and draped it across her bag. She stood amongst the leaves on the ground wearing just her boots, khaki walking shorts and a thick maroon blouse.
"I know you're here. I just want to talk. If you can." Again, she was answered with nothing. Elaine sighed and walked over to the trees. As she climbed back to the position she had sat in yesterday she spoke aloud to whatever occupied the hollow with her.
"I'm just going to sit here till you're ready to talk to me".
She scooched into position in the nook and let her legs dangle. Her eyes closed and she listened to the quiet around her. Within moments of closing her eyes, a now familiar urge was upon her. Her hand unzipped her shorts and worked its way beneath the hem of her underwear. Her fingers pushed against her already wet slit and found the raised nub of her clit. With slow smooth circles she began to toy with herself. A satisfied grunt escaped her lips. The presence she felt in those woods was watching her, she could feel it.
A strange thought occurred to her. With a quick look around to confirm that no one was around, Elaine took her hands from her shorts and quickly started unbuttoning her blouse. Once she had pulled it off she let it fall to the forest floor below, and quickly unhooked her bra. As she dropped that she felt the breeze tease the nipples atop her B cup tits. She had never done anything like this before. But something about everything she had experienced since yesterday evening told her this was the right thing to do.
With great care Elaine eased her shorts and panties off, crumpled them into a ball before dropping them into the growing piles of clothes below. She sat there atop the fallen tree wearing nothing apart from her socks and boots. She felt exhilarated. She had never been so exposed, and yet it felt like the most natural thing in the world.
Her hand went back to her now sodden pussy. Her eyes instinctively closed as her fingers rubbed her clitoris. The touch of the breeze on her tits and pussy sent lightning bolts up and down her spine. Her left hand grabbed her tits and squeezed as the first orgasm seized her. She let out a long, low primal cry.
Despite her climax her fingers didn't stop. She wanted more. Again vision of plants raced through her mind. The smell of her own pussy mingled with the smells of the leaves and wood around her. She felt something on her leg and instinctively knew what it was. Her mouth broke into a smile as she realized her dreams last night had been a promise, not a fantasy. The vine coiled slowly around her leg and nuzzled against her crotch. She stopped the ministrations of her clitoris, and held her hands up in mock surrender. Elaine wanted whatever was controlling the vine to know that she submitted to it.
She felt the tip of the vine move. A cool satin textured nub pushed against the entrance of her vagina. She was so aroused that her pussy was already as wet as it could possibly be. The vine pushed into her slowly. Elaine half moaned and half laughed. It was like her vibrator at home had suddenly gained sentience.
Both of Elaine's hands went to her chest as the vine began to throb in her pussy. She alternated grabbing the soft flesh there, and pinching her nipples. The vine in her snatch pulsed at a slow rhythm, and seemed to swell inside her. The vine rubbed against her g-spot, and she felt yet another climax begin to seize her. As she came, she felt more vines begin to slither all over her naked body. One coiled its way around her waist, while others seized each of her limbs. One wrapped itself around her neck, just strong enough to grip her.
Elaine felt calm, as her body was trapped. This all felt completely unsurprising. On some level she had known that this was precisely why she had come back to the dell that morning. As the vines gripped her tightly they slowly pushed her up from the seated position she had in the nook. She opened her eyes and found herself held face down at least six feet off the ground. The satin textured vines held her firmly in their grasp. They ran from her pale flesh straight to the ground below. The first vine was still embedded in her cunt, throbbing rhythmically. Sap was slowly dripping from her full sex.
Elaine looked up and found herself face to face with the creature she had felt watching her from the start. It had the vague outline of a person, albeit one made entirely of leaves, sticks and pebbles. Two hazelnuts took the place of eyes, and a pine cone the nose. Despite looking like the contents of a woodland floor piled up into the shape of a man, it radiated an intelligence.
"Hello." Elaine managed to squeak out. The incredible sensation emanating from the vine pushing against her cervix made it difficult to speak. The creature did not respond, but Elaine didn't need it to. She already knew what it was. Put simply the creature was the forest given form. A question appeared in Elaine's mind, without passing through her ears
 _Is this what you want?_
Elaine nodded.
 _Are you ready?_
"Yes!" A voice had an audible tremor to it.
With no warning the figure crumbled, the intelligence behind it gone. A sudden strong breeze blew what was left apart and back to the forest floor. Elaine remained held up, writhing at the feeling of being dominated and penetrated by the forest. Two more vines erupted from the forest floor and crawled up towards her. The first came to her face. Elaine understood what it wanted. She opened her mouth and felt the vine crawl in. It pushed its way to the back of her throat, and Elaine felt it start to pump it's sap into her stomach. Her hungry panting now silenced, all Elaine could hear was the creek of the vines as they grew and the drip of their sap hitting the floor.
The second vine crawled up past the vine jammed into her cunt. It slithered between her buttocks and began pushing itself against her arsehole. This vine was different. Wetter and more slippery. Like the inside of an Aloe Vera plant. Elaine's rosebud tried to resist the vine, but the forest wanted all of Elaine. Her resistance gave way and the vine plunged into her arse. Elaine screamed in ecstasy against the vine jammed into her throat. The vine expanded to stretch her delicate anus and began to pulse. She felt the chill of the sap as it began to pump into her guts.
The sensation of being so comprehensively penetrated was unlike anything Elaine has felt before. Orgasm after orgasm has washed over her. The pressure against her cunt and rectum made her feel like she was about to explode. Each vine pulsed out of sync; a see-saw motion that meant sensation never ended. She wanted this to continue forever. She needed to become one with the forest and to feel connected to everything around her. She was ready.
As if at her command. The vines holding her up began to lower. Below her the soil had become absolutely sodden. More of a bog rather than loam. The vines didn't stop when her pale tits touched the cold, muddy surface. They continued to pull her down into the ground itself. Elaine felt the vines embedded in her cunt and arse quicken their pulsing and begin to push even further into her. As she sunk into the cold mud she felt a powerful climax build within her. Radiating out from her two stretched holes, it shot along her every nerve. Elaine could feel herself screaming but the vine in her mouth turned it into a wet choking noise. The orgasm finally crested and every part of Elaine's existence exploded with pleasure. For one brief moment she was aware not just of herself but of everything around her. Every tree, plant, animal and flower. She was all of it, all at once. It was the single most joyful sensation she would ever feel. As Elaine sunk completely into the mud, she passed out.