Sarah Gets It
by Candy

We always spent one week at the beach every summer for as long as I could remember.  This year was no exception.  My mom, dad and little brother thought it was great as usual, though at fifteen, I’d rather be home with friends for the week.  I especially missed my boyfriend, Brian.

I may have accepted the week as semi-okay if I had a decent swimsuit.  My mom refused to buy me a new bikini so I had to wear the crappy tank-top thing I’ve worn for two summers now, even with my growing breasts.  Maybe with my saved-up allowance money I’d sneak off to one of the beachside shops and buy my own bikini.  Wouldn’t that be a rush!

On our first day, I went off alone, scouting the beach for hot boys.  The few I did see looked to already have girls surgically attached to them.  Oh well, what did I expect anyway, a casual one-week hookup?  I was kidding myself; a girl could dream, right?

As I walked along the beach, the warm sand feeling good between my toes, I bumped into a lifeguard who was heading back to his station.  Since it was my fault for not looking where I was going, I thought he’d holler at me or something. 

Instead, he apologized, placing his hand on my shoulder.  Omigod, he’s a hunk!  He looked like he was maybe eighteen or nineteen, with a fantastic body and the cutest face.  I know I blushed, tongue-tied, especially because of his touch.  “Are you okay?” he asked, “I didn’t hurt you, did I?”

“N…N…No…I’m okay.”  How lame!  I couldn’t think of anything else to say.

“You sure?  Anyway, I guess your parents are close by, right?”

Oh no, he thinks I’m like this little girl who’s lost!  I know I’m sort of petite, but I bet it’s this damn swimsuit that made him think like that.  “Yeah, but now that I’m fifteen, my parents don’t have to watch me on the beach.  I can take care of myself,” I said petulantly.

“I’m sorry…again,” he said.  He made a show of looking me up and down, and then saying, “Fifteen, you say?  I’d figure more like eighteen.”

I laughed and said, “That’s bullshit, you’re just saying that.”

“Scouts honor,” he said, raising his hand.  “I’ve got to get back to work, so maybe I’ll see you around.”

Before he could turn away from me, I blurted out, “I’m Sarah.”

He stopped.  “Okay, I’m Luke.”  After hesitating, he said, “A friend of mine rented a large cabin off the beach.  How about coming over later, we’re having a party, nothing wild.  It has a pool.”  He said a time and gave me the address.  I knew where it was.  “If you don’t see me just ask for Luke.  I’ll be there.”

I stood and stared as he went back to his lifeguard station.  He walked with a confident step, lean muscles rippling.  Was it a dream?  Did an older boy, a hunk, just ask me to a party?  For some reason I waited and watched to see if he’d flirt with other girls on the beach, but he didn’t.

I had to go to that party!  I had no immediate idea how I was going to get away from my family, but I did know what I had to do first—buy a new swimsuit.  I snuck back to our rented cottage and got what money I had, and headed back to the beachside shops.  I couldn’t believe some of the prices!  I laughed to myself when I realized the prices were in opposite proportion to the amount of fabric used.  Since no way could I buy a thong suit mostly made of strings (and get that past my mom and dad), I was grateful I found a pretty yellow bikini I could afford.  I tried it on, and believed it really did look good on me with my dark hair.  My small breasts barely filled the bra cups, but it looked great on me anyway.

I told my folks that I’d met a girl on the beach and that I was going to hang with her for a while.  They gave me the usual lecture about being careful, like stay away from drugs, as if I would do that.  I promised I’d be good and be home early enough.  I had my new bikini on under my shorts and t-shirt.

I walked to the address Luke gave me.  When I got there, I saw a bunch of kids all around, with many drinking beer, so I wondered how old they were, drinking out in the open like that.  One guy whistled as another called out “Hey babe, come sit on my lap, I have a surprise here waiting for you.”

My face red from blushing, I asked another guy where I could find Luke.  He invited me in and pointed toward a bunch of people at poolside.  Luke was there with other boys and girls.  A few people were in the water, but most, like Luke and his friends, were hanging, and drinking.  I suddenly felt stupid.  I was younger than the rest, and sure that every one of them would end up laughing at what may be my futile attempt to fit in.

Luke’s hesitation when he saw me did little to quell my fear.  Then his eyes lit up as he jumped to his feet to approach me.

“Wow, you came.  Come on over.  You want a beer?  It’s Sarah, right?”  I let him lead me to a big cooler from which he extracted a beer, handing it to me.  I’d never had beer before, so I tried not to grimace as I drank the bitter liquid.  “Seeing that you’re a sophisticated, older lady, then I guess you’re legal.”

“Legal?”

He pointed to my beer bottle and winked.  “Legal to drink.”

Was that what he really meant, or was he commenting on my age for another reason, like sex?  Of course I knew about sex, though I was still a virgin.  “I guess so,” I said.

He introduced me to his friends.  I knew the way they looked at me they were wondering about my age.  I really didn’t care how they looked at me; what interested me most of all was how Luke looked at me.  I liked the way Luke looked at me.

“You have your swimsuit on under there?” he asked me.  I told him I did, and that I bought a new bikini.  “Well, well, let me see it.”

When I took my shorts and shirt off, Luke and another boy both whistled.  I laughed because I thought it was silly of them to whistle at me, since every girl around the pool filled her bikini better than I did.  I kind of modeled it for them anyway, turning this way and that, exaggerating my movements, especially my ass.

Luke said, “Now I see the sophisticated young lady I didn’t see before.  It looks good on you, Sarah.  I like it.”

I was so surprised he didn’t already have a girl hanging all over him like some of the other hunks did.  He had me sit next to him.  We drank our beers and mostly talked about nothing important.  I was glad he stayed away from asking any questions about my age or my parents.  With all the open drinking going on, I continued to wonder about everyone else’s age.  Maybe Luke was even older than I originally thought.  That idea made me grow even warmer than I had been.

After a while, he asked me to go swimming in the pool.  “I can show you all my lifeguard moves.  You want me to save you?”  I jumped in and he followed.  I swam away and he chased me.  He caught me easily enough.  “Oh oh, she looks like she’s drowning,” he said in an exaggerated voice.  “I must save her.”

He took hold of me there in the water, and I nearly died.  I looked into his eyes, and said, “Now I feel safe,” not believing I actually said such a stupid thing.  He HAS to know I’m a silly teen now.

He whispered, “I haven’t saved you until I give you mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.”

He kissed me and I froze.  Brian never kissed me like Luke was kissing me.  I didn’t know how to respond, though my body seemed to respond all on its own.  I felt dizzy, and almost went underwater except that his strong arms held me afloat.  His tongue touched mine as he probed my mouth.  I shuddered; this was too much.

When he finally pulled his lips from mine, he said, “I think you’ve been successfully resuscitated, though your breathing is still a little shallow.”

Panting would be more like it.  No boy ever made me feel like that!

When we climbed out of the pool, he checked me out again, as if he would see more of me in my wet bikini.  My nipples were stiff and achy, so I figured they might be the ‘extra’ he was searching for.  I checked him out as well.  He was showing signs of stiffness in a particular part of his anatomy too.  I must have blushed; my face felt really hot.  After drying off, I asked Luke where the bathroom was, and he led me into the house to show me.  When I came out, he was waiting for me.  He handed me another beer, and we walked back out to poolside.  There were several couples already making out.  Soon we were too.  I had no clue until now how naïve and inexperienced my boyfriend Brian was.  He never kissed me like Luke did.  Of course, he always tried to feel me up, but Brian never touched me like Luke did.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw a few of the couples get up and go into the house.  They were going to have sex, I just knew it!  What if Luke wanted to?  Would I let him?  I’d already let him get further than Brian or any other boy had ever been; his hand was inside the waistband of my bikini bottoms and slowly moving toward my pubis.  I had goosebumps all over, from both his kiss and his touch.  A tremor moved through my body as his hand inched closer, closer…

When his fingers swept through my sparse pubic hair and reached my opening, I gasped.

Actually, he gasped too.  He must have felt that I was very wet.  “Oh, Sarah, let’s go inside…my room—”

I whispered, “I…I don’t think I’m…ready, but you can keep touching me if you want.”

“Ready?  You feel ready to me.”  Then he got it.  “Oh, you’re a virgin.  Oh my God, I didn’t think—”

“It’s okay,” was all I could say to him.

We kissed a bit more and he played with my breasts under my bikini top.  “Mmmmm, you’ve got nice pointy nipples,” he said.

“Thank you.”  All the while we made out, I never once tried to touch his cock.  I had a lot of fantasies about men’s cocks.   The bulge in the front of Luke’s shorts fueled those fantasies.  “I’ve got to go now,” I told him.  “Can I see you again?  I won’t promise, but you made me feel like I’ve never felt before, so maybe…”  I left the idea dangling.

His eyes couldn’t lie.  His desire for me was transparent, and boy did THAT wet my pants!  Maybe I WOULD go all the way next time.  “I’ll see you on the beach, and then we can talk, okay?”

I told him I’d see him the next day for sure.  Walking back to the family’s cottage, through dinner, to getting ready for bed I thought only of one thing: Luke’s touch.  I think he likes me a lot; I felt so special.  What a boy his age saw in a skinny teen like me was anyone’s guess, but I wasn’t going to run away from the attention. He’s gorgeous, so no freakin’ way!

The next day, my mom and I went to the beach early.  My dad and brother were going to go deep-sea fishing all day, so we were on our own.  I was surprised my mom put on the skimpy bikini.  It wasn’t the only one she owned but it sure was the smallest one.  I must admit, for her age she looked great in it, her large breasts barely contained by the bra and her legs were without the bumps and bulges other ladies had.  Was she wearing it to show off, because dad wasn’t here, I wondered.

My dilemma was that I wanted to see Luke, yet I wasn’t prepared to explain him to my mother.  My dilemma became moot because no sooner did we get on the beach than he approached us.

“Hi Sarah, it’s nice to see you again.”

I was glad he didn’t try to hug me or kiss me or anything like that.  I guess he knew the woman was my mom and was being good.  I loved him for that.  “Hi, Luke. This is my mom,” I said, introducing her, explaining to her how I met Luke by embellishing yesterday’s lie about meeting a girl.

Men are all alike, I thought as I caught Luke staring at my mother’s chest.  It was the way my mom was looking at Luke that really surprised me though.

“You here for the summer, Luke, or year-round?” Mom asked him.

“Only for the summer.  Earning money for college.”

“College, hmmm, somehow I thought you were older.”  I saw it in his expression; he liked that.

They started talking about college and things, and I felt left out.  If I hadn’t felt like a misfit with him before, I did now.  Why was Mom doing this to me?  I wandered away and went down to the water.  I was a little bummed out, since first, my mom didn’t even comment on my new bikini, but now she seemed to be flirting with my new boyfriend.  Okay, maybe he wasn’t really my boyfriend, but after yesterday what could I think?

When I looked back at them, she had a hand on his shoulder and was whispering something to him.  She then walked back up the beach without even looking at me.  I was so surprised I didn’t realize that Luke had walked down to join me.

“I…ah…I…gotta get back to my station,” he stammered. “Maybe I’ll see you around.”

What the hell was that?  Yesterday he was trying to get my bikini off and today I’m an afterthought?  I thought he liked me, but now I guess what he wanted was sex after all, like any boy, and since I didn’t let him, I’m nothing.  Oh well, there are other boys.  “Yeah, I’ll see you around,” I answered.

I remained on the beach for a long while, sunbathing until I felt the burn coming in spite of my sunscreen.  I wondered where Mom had gone or what she was doing.  I didn’t see Luke as I walked up the beach on my return to our cottage.  When I entered and heard sounds coming from my mom and dad’s bedroom, I figured Mom was home.  I called out to her to let her know I was there, but didn’t get a reply.  Never mind, I thought, and went to my room to change out of my bikini.

As I stripped, the noises from the other bedroom grew louder and more rhythmic of sorts, so I wondered what Mom was doing.  Was she exercising, perhaps?  I showered.  As I walked back to my bedroom, wearing only a towel, I heard more banging sounds before hearing my mom whimper something.

“Are you okay, Mom?” I asked, walking to her bedroom door. 

As I heard her moan, I pushed the door, which was only slightly ajar, open further to see if she was all right.  I was shocked.  Mom was naked, on her hands and knees on the bed, while Luke was behind her, ramming his cock into her.  So this was sex; I only had vague notions of it all, so seeing my own mother like this was appalling, to say the least.  Her breasts were swaying back and forth from Luke’s pounding motion.  She was moaning and saying things like “Oh God” and “Yes, harder,” while he grunted to the rhythm of his hips.  I stood there in the doorway, transfixed by the sight of them, aghast both at my mom for cheating on my dad and at Luke for being such an asshole.  Why did I think he was different from other boys?

Still oblivious to my presence, they got progressively faster until Mom began yelling that she was “cumming,” and Luke groaned and stopped thrusting.  Her ass was shaking while his was rippling as if his muscles were tightening then loosening then tightening again.  Mom sort of cried out in a loud moan as they fell to the bed.  I guess they were done.  They’d never seen me, so I quietly closed the door a bit and snuck back to my room.

As angry as I was at both of them, I still was surprised by how my cunt was all wet, wetter than how I’d been when Luke touched and kissed me yesterday.  I put my bikini back on, then shorts and a tank top, and hurried from the cottage.  I was so angry I was afraid what I’d say to Mom when I saw her.

I walked along the beach for a while until without realizing it I was near the house where I’d attended the party with Luke.  I waved to some kids who were hanging out there. 

One guy recognized me, and said “Luke’s not here.”  Another then said, “But you can still hang with us if you want.”

“Sure.”  So I sat with the group of mostly guys with a couple of girls.  Like yesterday, they were all older than I was, but today I didn’t care.  “Whatcha drinking?” I asked, which got at least five boys scurrying to get me a drink.  They said it was Captain and Coke.  Besides the Coke part, I didn’t know what it was, but it sure was good.  I had a guy on either side of me, bragging, telling jokes, laughing, and getting drunk.  I was getting drunk too.

I saw that one of the other girls, a blond with big tits, was very drunk.  The boy with her had his hand down her bikini pants and feeling her.  She was saying “No, don’t do that, silly,” while at the same time swaying her hips in time with his unseen fingers.  She hiccupped once, said “Excuse me,” giggled, and then cried out “SHIT!” as her whole body shook, rocked by what must have been a sudden yet spectacular orgasm.  The boy’s astonishment turned to glee as he got her unsteadily to her feet and guided her inside.

“Man, is Robby gonna score big time!”  One boy yelled.

“Yeah, a few drinks and Chelsea’ll fuck Shrek!”  Everyone laughed at that one, even me,

“Can I have another one?” I asked.  Three boys jumped up to be the first one to mix me another. While waiting, I stood and took off my shorts and top.  “You know, I’m kinda hot, so maybe I’ll take a dip,” I said, not really sure if my brain or the liquor was driving the bus.

I dove into the pool; only after brushing the bottom did I wonder whether or not I’d gone into the deep end.  When I came up for air, all the boys were cheering for me like I was an Olympic diver or something.  I tried to make a bow, but all that did was make me go underwater, getting distasteful chlorinated pool water in my mouth and up my nose.  I surfaced again to find two or three of the boys had jumped into the pool with me.

“Is my drink ready?” I asked, which for some reason made me giggle, then cough up more water.  The boys followed with laughs of their own.

“You’re cute,” one of them said.  “Are you really fifteen like Luke told us?”

“Almost sixteen,” I said, stifling another giggle.

“Cool,” he replied.  “You have a boyfriend?”

“Yeah, back home.  His name is Brian.”

“So you don’t belong to Luke?”

“Belong?” I said, “Luke’s a jerk.”

“Can I be your boyfriend?” he said as he slipped his hand inside my bikini top, fondling a breast.

It felt good so I didn’t stop him.  When the other boys saw what he was doing, they all started touching me.  When one of them slid his hand down to my pussy, I thought of Luke the day before, touching me that way, finding me wet for him.  I wasn’t ready for that—yet.

I said, “I like boyfriends, but I’d like my drink first.”  I separated from them and climbed out of the pool, adjusting my bikini bra to cover one of my breasts that had become exposed.  I located my heretofore-untouched drink and took a long swallow.  Nice and warm going down; warmed my insides though some of me was already very warm.

All my new ‘friends’ were around me again.  We heard some loud squealing from inside the house.  This made the boys go crazy.

“Damn!  Listen to her cum!”

“Lucky bastard!”

“I hope the fuck he’s smart enough to wear a condom.”

The girl screamed again, and one of the boys muttered, “God Damn!”  I looked from one to the other, finding all of them with bulges in the front of their shorts.  I polished off my drink with one last gulp.  I remembered the look of my mother getting fucked by a boy close to my age.  I needed to get drunk to forget that image.  What else did I need?

“Ohhhhh, my glass is empty, and I’m still sooooooooooo thirsty.”  My next drink came in a flash.  I took a sip, and then asked the boys, “Who is this Captain, anyway?”  They laughed and explained about Captain Morgan rum.  I giggled; they all still had hard-ons!  “You guys all like me, don’t you?” I said.  They looked like a bunch of bobble-head dolls agreeing with my drunken assessment.

And man, was I drunk!  I never felt like this before; my head spun, my stomach fluttered, my legs felt like rubber bands.  I giggled again, and said, “How come you guys are all hard?”  I heard the slurring of words: ‘hard’ came out sounding like ‘harth’ for God’s sake!

“She’s hornier than Chelsea,” one boy said to another.

“You think…?” another asked.  Think what, I wondered in my hazy brain.

“She’s drunk…we can’t,” another one said.

“Sure we can…look at her,” the first boy chimed in.

“Yeah, but shit, her age.”

“Fuck her age.  She’s here, right?  I bet Luke’s already had a piece of this tight little ass anyway.”

One of the guys put his hand on my pussy but outside my bikini.  “Would you like to see just how hard we are?” he said.

I saw all the bulges, so I nodded.  Sure, I’d like to see them, why not?  If Luke was going to fuck my mother then why can’t I get to see a few hard ones?  It’s not as if I haven’t seen any before.  I’ve given my boyfriend Brian a few blowjobs, so what’s the big deal.  My head was really spinning now, but that didn’t stop me from remembering Brian’s cock in my mouth, and the fluttering moved from my stomach to a lower area, right where the boy had his hand.

The bunch of them—I couldn’t even tell you how many were there—got me to my wobbly feet and guided me into the house.  We went to one of the bedrooms, and the boys started dropping their shorts and swimsuits.

I looked them over, saying to one of them, “Wow, you’re pretty big.”

He smiled.  “If you like it, why not give it a kiss.”

I did better than that, wrapping my lips around it.  I tried to take him deep, but the drinks had heightened my gag reflex.  I didn’t want to barf all over him so I took it easy, using my palm to do some of the work.  In my peripheral vision, I saw most of the other guys jockeying to be next, though one boy was behind me, untying my bikini and pulling it off.

The boy I was sucking off started to moan, “Oh yeah…oh baby…like that…oh God…”

When he came, it caught me by surprise, though luckily for me he wasn’t in my throat or I would’ve barfed for sure.  I spit most of it out, the rest either coating my mouth or dribbling down my chin.  I giggled and asked for another drink.  The stiff dicks were so eager to get me one. 

“I like the Captain,” I said after I took a long swig.

“And we like you,” I heard one of the boys say, as others kissed and sucked on my nipples, licked my pussy, and squeezed my ass.  After another sip of my drink, another cock was shoved between my lips.  I sucked, he moaned.  This one didn’t take long, but what he lacked in endurance he made up for in volume.  At least he gave me some warning, so most of it landed on my face and chest, not down my throat.

I drained the rest of my latest drink.  I was so dizzy for a moment I thought I was going to pass out, but I didn’t.  Instead, another cock ended up in my mouth.  I was still okay with what was going on until I felt hands on my ass and a cockhead at my cunt.

I murmured “No,” but the word was stifled by the cock in my mouth.  It probably wouldn’t have stopped the guy anyway. 

He slid into me, first saying, “Man is she wet,” before groaning and saying, “Damn, she’s a fuckin’ virgin!”

With a cock in my mouth and another beginning its ascent into my vagina—and as drunk as I ever thought I could get—I barely registered the pain of my shredded hymen.  A boy was taking my virginity and I didn’t know who it was!  As he slipped further into me and began the in-and-out rhythm, I pushed the other one out of my mouth so I could breathe.

That boy protested with “Hey!” before jerking off, finishing all over my hair.

My fucker didn’t understand pacing at all.  He was manically pounding into me from behind, lifting my knees off the floor with every thrust.  I felt the first stirrings of orgasm creep over me.  Just then, a voice deep within my drunken haze oozed out, saying ‘he can’t cum inside you…no condom,’ and I thought, what a silly word, condom.  Do you get those at a condominium?

Condom.

The word finally meant something, and it did in the nick of time.  I kicked him out of me just before he was going to cum.  He cursed at me but I hollered at him right back, “You didn’t have a…”—I hiccupped—…“condom on!”

“Yeah, so what?” he sneered.

I looked at his cock, giggled, and said, “But maybe they don’t come in extra small size.”  He really was one of the smaller boys.  He was angry, but the other boys all sang out together that they would wear a condom, so I told them, “Because I like you all, you can take turns.”  I hiccupped again before a giggling fit took over.

My head was really swimming as the first boy put it in me.  I was on the bed with my legs spread wide and he got on top of me.  He made all kinds of weird noises as he went in and out, until he grunted and said he was “cumming.” 

When he pulled the condom off there was a lot of semen inside.  I giggled and said, “Ooooo, that’s a lot!”  He seemed to be pleased with that.

I motioned for the next boy to get on top of me.  He was a little bigger so it felt tighter going in, however his size also made it feel better.  He went slower, not as crazy as the one before him, and that DID feel good.  Was that really me that was squealing like that?

I must have passed out after what must have been a good orgasm.  When I came to, another boy was between my legs and pumping away, others cheering him on.  I wondered how many had fucked me so far, and hoped they’d all been good and wearing a condom.  I still felt drunk, but by now the liquor had relaxed me enough to really get into the sex.

This latest boy trembled and moaned as he ejaculated.  Within seconds I shook too, and had another one, “Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah,” I bellowed.  It felt sooooooooooo good!

I looked around the room and guessed that all the boys had at least one turn in me.  Several of them had jerked off while watching another fuck me.  I realized I had cum all over me and hoped it wasn’t in me as well.  I got off the bed, my legs almost betraying me but I managed to remain upright.

“Where’s the shower?” I asked.  A group of boys helped me find it.  A couple of the older ones squeezed into the shower stall with me.  They both had erections and they tried to enter me but I wouldn’t let them.  “No condoms, no Sarah,” I said, giggling.

“Yeah but—”

“No buts,” I said.  “But I will blow you guys, okay?”

They were very quick to reply.  They were very quick to cum too, so another visit to the shower was required.  After some scouting around, and help from the guys, my bikini was located and I put it back on.  In the central room of the cottage, two couples were fucking.  I saw that one of the girls was the aforementioned Chelsea.  She saw me looking and smiled a glassy-eyed smile.  Her orgasm chose the next moment to blossom, and her wail confirmed it.  As was observed earlier, she was very loud.

The guys all wanted to know if I’d be back.  “Only if you’re good, and have more of that Captain stuff.”

They assured me there’d be plenty.  Just then Luke came in.  “Sarah, what’re you doing here?” he asked.

“Having fun, silly.  Did you have fun?”

His expression clouded, probably wondering how or what I knew about him and Mom.  I slipped on my shorts and shirt, which one of the boys had gathered for me, while the other boys regaled Luke with tales of how “hot” and “sexy” I was. 

One boy said, “Fifteen and she gives blow jobs like a pro!”

Another said, “She took us all on, do you believe that!”

A third said, “Tight, man, real tight.  We took her cherry!”

And on and on it went while Luke looked at me incredulously.  I said, “It could’ve been you, but you couldn’t wait.”  Before he said anything, I kissed a couple of the guys and left.

I was still drunk enough not to chance going back to my parent’s cottage yet.  Instead, I wandered along the beach, thinking about sex and what I just did.  I realized how sore I was down there and knew I’d be even sorer tomorrow.  But it was worth it.  I’ll have to think about doing it with Brian when I get home.

If my parents smelled liquor on my breath, they didn’t say anything.  I had a difficult time looking at my mom, remembering the shock of seeing her with Luke.  If she did it with a stranger so young, how many other times had she cheated on my dad?

The next day the four of us went to the beach.  I led the family to a stretch of beach I knew to be Luke’s usual watch.  Sure enough, I saw him, and made sure he saw me.  He came walking over, and so I was certain he hadn’t seen my mom yet. 

Before he knew what happened I dragged Luke to my father and said, “Dad, this is Luke.  He’s a lifeguard here, and Mom likes him a LOT.”

Their expressions were transparent.  Dad looked at Mom, then Luke, then back at Mom.  His frown told me that he figured it out.  Maybe he did know that Mom fooled around on him, and this sandy tableau confirmed it for him.

Goody!  Mom deserved what she gets.

I knew my hate would eventually dissipate, but right then it was glowing red-hot.  Mom probably hated me too, that’s if she figured out my slip was on purpose.  The familial silence was deafening, so I excused myself from the beach blanket and walked over to Luke.

He glowered at me, saying, “You bitch!  Why’d you do that?”

“Was she as good as your buddies are telling you I was?”  I didn’t wait for an answer, turning on my heels, leaving him to stew.

Yes, I was sore, but damn wasn’t it a good sore, I thought, as I absently walked down to the water’s edge, wondering how Brian’s cock will feel inside me.  Maybe I’ll even let him do me without a condom.

The End