Sharu Aunty

By: Raj


Hi I am Raj here, I am good fan of indiansex stories, and enjoy it by
you people only. Now I am 32 years old and very sexy guy. This is happen
when I was 23 years old. I am having cousin aunty name Sharu, but I
never called her aunty, only by her name ?Sharu?. She is always smily,
on at that time she was of 33 years with 2 kids. Her breast was huge big
like big watermelon with full of juice and her hips also well round and
big though she was slim. Her body size was bust ? 96, waist ? 61, hips ?
99. Because of bachelor, I was hungry in search of fuck and eyes stop on
my lovely Sharu aunty. I always masturbating on sharu?s name and
satisfying my self like fuck to her. It became my dream to fuck her. Our
house was near to each other.

Our relation was nice and she know me as gentle guy. One day I was
passing to her house, she called me and told me where are you going. I
have not seen you so far now. I have also surprise by her talk and enter
in her house. She offer me for tea, I refuse but she force me. I told
here where is uncle and children?s. Then ultimately she told me your
uncle is on duty and both kids were in school. I am getting frustrated
alone in home, so I force you for tea, please. Then I take this golden
opportunity and told her what can I do for you? She laughed and
understood what is in my mind. All the way we both were free in talk,
mai uske sath bahut majak masti se bat karata hai as she is also free of
nature. I told her, in relatives, I like only you very much because of
your nature and talk. Then She told me what is in your mind, I am your
aunty. That day was for me, suddenly I told her, see aunty there is no
one in house except you and me. So please I want to go away from your
house. Then she told me why you called me as aunty, every time you
called me as sharu? I observed here face and ultimately I told here if
any wrong happen by me then?

Again she told me see Raj, I am your aunty and I know you very well, you
can not do any nonsense like this. We were on first floor and directly I
grab her hand in my hand and told her now what you can do. She was in
mood and naughtily told me to leave her hand aur usne mere gal ko jorse
pakada, phir maine bhi uske gal ko pakada.

She told me, Raj somebody can watch us then? If your uncle know this
then? I told her door is close aur tu meri chachi hai, I take her in my
arm and laid on bed. Phir usne thoda natak kiya muze chod do, dakka
marne lagi aur bolne lagi mere me aisa kya hai, I am old now. The I grab
her and take one huge kiss and told her I like your big boobs and well
round shape ass. Afterward she came on the way and told me, I also like
you very much but I am afraiding people. I promise here this is secret
between you and me. I put her sari down and make her half naked, she was
having experience of fuck by uncle, but now she want to take another
test of her young nephew.

She was looking sexy in bra and panty. Then she remove my shirt and
pant. I was on underwear my rod was so hot. She was hungry for sex now.
She laid down my underwear and pickup my heavy rod in hand. I told her
to take it in mouth but she refuse me. Aur bolne lagi, it is bad, I have
never took dick of your uncle in my mouth. I told her I want to eat your
chut, want to take test of lips of your chut, wo hasane lagi and I turn
in 69 position. Put my mouth in her spicy puzzy and started to take
test. Now she also become horny put my hot rod in her mouth and told me
your dick is very big than uncle?s dick. Firstly I fuck her mouth
heavily up to her throat. Then I have removed her bra and chaddi. First
time I am seeing her naked in front of me, her vagina was also stroking
like heart bit. I told her you are looking so sexy. Her big juicy
watermelon were climbing on her chest. Immediately I grab her boobs in
my hand and started pressing madly, crushed her nipple badly by teeth,
she saw the mark of my teeth on her boobs and say you are so sexy.

After that I told her I want to fuck you by both way. She say I have
never fuck by backside even your uncle have not put finger in my
ashhole. I put my finger in her ashhole and started in-out, she get
enjoyed by finger, after that I put my two finger in her ashhole and
told her see my dick is sufficient to enter in your ashhole. She afraid
and your dick is one & half percent beigger than your uncle?s dick and
refuse me but I was mad in fuck. She turned immediately and spread her
leg and forcibly put my dick in her chut. But I take back my laund from
her chut. Aur uske chut ko chatne laga. I told her the lips of your chut
are very nice because of shave chut. After that I heavily put my laund
in her chut and started to give her stroke. Mere jor ke zatke se wo
chillane lagi, I kept my hand on her mouth and again started to stork
her heavily after some time I have leaked my powerfully semen in her
chut. She was so tiered and was not able to take breath. She told me, I
have never intercourse by such heavy rod. I always want to fuck by your
heavy rod. Whenever you get chance then came at my house and fuck like
today. That day in night I have got again chance to fuck her. Because of
work load uncle was not able to come at home, so he phone to sharu aunty.

After lunch I passing through her house she called me and told because
of office work today?s night your uncle is staying in Mumbai, not able
to come at home, I am alone with my kid. I understood her that she is
now fan of young laund. I don?t want to missed the opportunity. At 11.00
pm I knocked her back door, she open the door and in me. She told me
anybody saw you, I told her nobody had seen me so that I came from back
door, be free for enjoy. Her both kids were in dark sleep. We went to
bed room. She removed her sari, blouse became fully naked in front of
me. Then I removed my all cloth and enjoy full night with her. I told
her I want to fuck your ashhole, she said me I am fully satisfied by
you. In 15 years married life what your uncle was not able to give me,
in few hours I had got it from you. Now your uncle also in age of 50,
and not much interested in sex which I want. She say me to promise and
told now you are only my husband, I don?t want to waste my few year of
sex life. You are free to do any type of sex, I am only your and satisfy
me, I am in love with you. She took my dick in her mouth and started to
suck it.

After that I apply oil on her ashhole and started to insert my laund in
her gand. It was getting me difficulty to insert laund in her ashhole,
then I told her to bend on her knees and she do the same, then her
ashhole become little free to fuck. I put my laund on her ashhole and
force it heavily. Jor se dhakka langana shuru kiya. After 1-2 minutes
waiting my dick entered in her ashhole. She was become very frustrated
and told me raj please laund ko bahar nikal durd ho raha hai. I told her
kuch nahi hota hai, abhi taklif nahi hogi, phir bhi usne chillana chalu
kiya, piche dard ho raha hai. I have grab her body aur jor se dhakka
diya within fraction of second my laund fully entered in her chut.

Phir maine zor zor se dhakka dena shuru kiya aur usko bhi maja ane laga
aur vahi bolane lagi jor se dhakka mar aur uski gand age-piche karane
lagi. Kutch derbad mera laund uske chut me leake hone ke bad dhila pad
gaya. Uske ashhole ki size bhi badi ho gai. After fucking completed by
back, she told me, really I am not able to seat properly for some
movement but I really enjoy this pain you don?t fuck me by front now
only back and back it give me real enjoyment. In midnight after 2-3
hours again we intercourse from front. Took her both legs on my both
shoulder and insert my laund in her chut, she was realizing this shot
first time. My 95% laund was inserted in her Waite puzzy and give her
heavy stroke, press her big boobs, eat it and kiss her all over and
enjoy full night. She told me, Raj I am very fortunate because of such
type of young fucker. I told her I have seen many type of posses from
kamsutra I will utilize it for you only and both will enjoy it. This is
your property only and whenever you want to eat me, you just call me, I
am always for you. From that day to till date, I am fucking her 5-6 time
in a month with my heavy rod, most of time I use donkey shot, dog shot
and make her fully satisfied. Now she is addict of my laund. Any body
bhabhi, widow, aunty then contact me or having any experience then share
with me on 123-mumbai@indaitimes.com.


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *8123* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=406>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=406>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=406>

