Gerard sat at his computer with a mixture of trepidation and excitement. He signed onto MSN, adjusting his brand new webcam so that it was focused directly on him. Once it was ready to go, he got on the internet and logged in to one of his regular chat rooms, the gay singles chat.

One thing that no one, literally no one, knew about was Gerard's chat room habit. He really couldn't seem to help the habit, though. He loved talking to new and random people, but his shyness and inability to actually just walk up to people and talk to them inevitably got in the way of that. Chat rooms were a good compromise, and he really liked the anonymity of it all. Especially when he was feeling particularly…lustful. It was never hard to find someone to get off with if he described himself the right way, which was usually nothing like the way he actually looked.

This time, of course, he'd have to keep it at least mostly accurate, given that there was a webcam involved. But that didn't worry him overly much; they didn't need to see his face. And, well, it had been an obscenely long time since he'd gotten laid. He was verging on desperate, even just to get off to someone jerking off for him on camera.

Gerard watched the chat go by for awhile, wanting to get a feel for what type of people were there. There seemed to be the usual assortment: a few carrying on actual conversations, a number of people with stupid ads, and a lot just looking for someone to get off with. After another minute of watching the chat log go by, Gerard finally decided to say something.

JediG: Hey all

He got a couple of people saying 'hey' back, but that was about it.

JediG: Anybody here from NJ?
JerseyPunk: i'm from nj
JediG: Cool, where at?
JerseyPunk: near trenton, you?
JediG: Just outside of Newark
JerseyPunk: sweet. So how's shit up there?
JediG: Pretty fucking boring. How about Trenton?
JerseyPunk: same, mostly. that's why I'm on here. looking for something to do
JediG: You wanna private chat?
JerseyPunk: sure

Gerard opened up a private chat window.

JediG: Hey
JerseyPunk: hey yourself
JerseyPunk: so, you have some specific reason you wanted to chat in private?
JerseyPunk: looking for a little action, maybe?
JediG: Maybe
JerseyPunk: just for the record, you are over 18, right?
JediG: Yeah, I'm 26

So Gerard was actually 28; not like this guy had to know that.

JerseyPunk: cool. i'm 24. in case you wanted to know
JediG: Awesome
JerseyPunk: so, what are you thinking? cyber? phone sex? webcam?
JediG: You've got a webcam?
JerseyPunk: yeah, you wanna go with that? ;)
JediG: Sounds good. My MSN is jedig@hotmail.com

He was added a moment later by the other man

JediG: No faces though, alright?
JerseyPunk: yeah, alright

With that, the other man's camera flipped on, and Gerard saw a thin guy wearing a t-shirt and jeans. Damn, that kinda made him wish he looked a little better. Not that there was anything he could do about it. At least the dude wasn't gonna see his face.

JerseyPunk: you got a mic, or are we just gonna have to type?
JediG: Shit, I knew there was something I forgot to buy
JerseyPunk: no big deal. it'll just be a little awkward :)
JediG: Yeah. So…
JerseyPunk: lol, how do you wanna do this?
JediG: Uh, I don't know
JerseyPunk: hmm, well. Take your shirt off?

Gerard paused for a moment.

JediG: Alright.

He fumbled for a second, pulling his shirt off and tossing it on the floor behind him. He sat there, self-conscious, waiting for the other man to say something.

JerseyPunk: mmm, nice
JediG: Thanks. Care to reciprocate?

He watched raptly as the other man grabbed the hem of his shirt and oh-so-slowly pulled it up. By the time he was halfway done, Gerard wished he could be there, tearing the shirt off himself. Finally, the other man had his shirt off, revealing several tattoos.

JediG: Nice tats.

Gerard's response really didn't do justice to his frame of mind. He was practically drooling.

JerseyPunk: thanks

Whether consciously or not, the other man was running his hand lightly over the pair of birds on his lower stomach. Gerard shivered. The other man, it seemed, was going to be a little more proactive. Without any prompting, he began running his hands up and down his torso, stopping at his nipples before moving on. Gerard licked his lips, unconsciously gripping his thighs tightly. His hands made their way up to the opening of his jeans, starting to unbutton them quickly.

JerseyPunk: slow down. i like a bit of a show ;)

Gerard slowed his actions, pulling down the zipper and inching his pants down so that just the top of his happy trail was visible. He paused for a second to type.

JediG: Maybe, could you go back to playing with your nipples?

The other man did so, pinching them lightly as Gerard continued slowly working his pants down. When he got them down his thighs, he just pulled them off and tossed them in the same direction as his shirt. He looked down at his lap, not really surprised at the bulge his dick made in his boxer briefs. When he looked back up, the other man had his hand down his pants.

JediG: Hey, no fair starting without me!

At that, the other man's hand came out of his pants, and Gerard was a little disappointed since he hadn't really meant it. In a sudden rush of motion, though, the other man ended up naked, and then Gerard really wasn't complaining. He pushed his palm roughly against his dick once.

JerseyPunk: uh, lose the underwear

Gerard didn't waste any time getting them off, especially since he could see the other man start jerking off out of the corner of his eye. For a few seconds, he just sat and watched. Hand up, hand down. Little bit of a twist on the down. Gerard tried and failed to hold back a moan as he set his own hand to work. And then he realized that no one would hear him anyway, so he could make as much noise as he wanted.

JerseyPunk: god, that's hot. just, a little faster, maybe?

Gerard sped his hand up a little and saw the other man do the same. They were pretty much matching pace, and Gerard took a moment to wonder who would come first. Then the other man was typing again, albeit with only one hand.

JerseyPunk: how about something a little more…interesting?
JediG: Like how?
JerseyPunk: say maybe i ask you to, hmm, finger yourself, and you ask me to do something

Gerard paused to think before answering.

JediG: Alright, let me get some lube

Gerard dug around in one of his desk drawers, pulling out a half-empty tube of lube.

JediG: Could you, you know, play with your balls for me?
JerseyPunk: mmm, absolutely

Gerard slicked up a couple of his fingers and brought his left leg up so his foot was resting on the chair and his ass was exposed. He rubbed his fingers lightly around his asshole, teasing both himself and the other man. He slid one finger in slowly, looking back to the computer and seeing that the other man was indeed doing as he had asked. He was sort of rolling/squeezing his balls, and damned if that didn't have Gerard wanting to come, like right now.

Gerard slid a second finger in, pumping his cock quickly. The fingers weren't doing much for him, what with the odd angle, but at that point, he didn't really care. He came a few strokes later, getting his come all over his stomach and fist.

It was clear that the other man still hadn't come, so Gerard half-heartedly kept fingering himself as he came down from his post-orgasm high. The other man came a short while later, and Gerard was mildly surprised to feel his dick twitch at the sight. He pulled his fingers out of himself and went to wash his hands after typing a quick 'brb'. He came back to find a message from the other man.

JerseyPunk: so, wanna do this again sometime?
JediG: You bet. Is Friday night alright? Same time?
JerseyPunk: sounds good. see you back in the chat room then. And maybe get a microphone? ;)

He signed off before Gerard got a chance to say anything back. And unfortunately, Friday was still three days away. Gerard wasn't sure he could wait that long.