Girl surprises Room Service Waiter
byRacqel©

In my first visit to an adult store story you will remember that I ended up buying this sheer mini-dress that fits me like a glove. It is skintight and see-through. Well, my boyfriend at the time, Mark, had just come back from overseas. He was away for work for 2 months and to celebrate coming back home and being together again he booked us a weekend away at this 5 star hotel at the coast about 2 hours drive away.

I was quite excited to see him, and being without any physical for 2 months I was also starting to get quite horny. My imagination was full of thoughts, and desires and I was even starting to fantasize a little. It was the night before he was arriving back and I packed my suitcase for the weekend. I was rummaging through my wardrobe and I came across my sheer dress. I had never worn it since the night we bought it so I put it in my suitcase. I wanted a really dirty weekend away. 

We arrive at the hotel and were taken to our room, which had a view of the ocean and a wonderful marbled bathroom, almost like a palace. Mark was tired from the jetlag coming back from overseas and told me he was going to check out the hotel and have a little walk. I wanted to have a bath so I said I would stay behind. I turned on the water and went to unpack the bags while the water was running. I opened Mark's bag and saw a little porno magazine he must have picked up overseas. I checked on the bath water and it was ready. I took the magazine and got into the bath. The water so warm and engulfed my body. I opened the magazine and I saw some really bad pictures, which I never imagined before. The first one was of two girls sitting on their knees in front of this guy who was standing up. 

You could see his butt from the side. He had his hand resting on each of the girl's shoulders. You could then see his dick erect and big and the girl's faces were looking up. The one girl was a blonde and had her hair tied up and the other girl was a redhead and she had curly hair resting on her shoulders. Both their hands were wrapped around this guy's dick. Both their mouths were slightly open and on each of their faces there was this guys white cum, dripping down their chins and on their hair. I had never seen a picture like this before and I stared at it wondering what the feeling of cum on ones face and hair was like. I had only ever touched it and wiped the stickiness onto a tissue. 

I turned the page and there was this picture of a girl lying down with her legs wide open. She was totally shaved and she had her fingers resting on her clit and her other hand clenching her one nipple. I suddenly realised that this pornography was turning me on and while lying in the bath, my legs had involuntarily parted open and my right hand, had automatically moved onto my clit and was rubbing at it in small circular motions. I was mesmerised by the graphics and wanted to feel a big dick like the guy in the picture go into my pussy. I closed my eyes and touched myself to orgasm, dropping the magazine on the side of the bath.

I had felt good, and I opened my eyes wondering where Mark was. I looked down at myself and decided to shave my pussy like the girl in the magazine. I took my razor, applied some soap and slowly shaved away all my pubic hair. It felt so smooth. I then slowly removed all the hair around my slit. I was now baby smooth. I was still excited and my clitoris was swollen and stuck out. I never noticed how much it did until the hair was gone. I got out the bath and put a towel around me and then went into the bedroom. Mark was still not there and I was starting to get anxious. I thought I would surprise him and was dripping from my pussy with wetness, You could see my folds, and notice my dampness. It looked like I had put some syrup or sticky stuff on them. I got the sheer mini-dress out and I put it on. I looked at myself in the mirror. 

I lifted the hair- brush and brushed my wet shoulder length brown hair back. The dress was damn sexy. It was a boob tube and it was tight. It stretched over my round, size C breasts and although it was black material it was totally see through. I looked at myself and noticed my nipples pushing out the material and the few little bumps that encircled the nipples even showing through clearly. The material hugged my body like a form-fitting vest. I looked around in the mirror - my butt showed through totally, you could see my round tight butt. I turned around and I looked straight on – one would be able to see my pussy, swollen clitoris and folds pushing tightly into the material. Mark would go mad when he saw me. I could not wait and the anticipation just built up my excitement. I felt sensual and hot. I put my hands on the dress and pulled it down more so as to cover my butt fully. My hand brushed against pussy. It felt hot; I was burning inside.

There was a knock at the door. I smiled. It must be Mark, so without thinking much I quickly went to the door and opened it widely, pushing myself into full view for him to see all of me in one go. There was this strange guy standing there. He went red in the face as he saw me in my sheer dress. He started mumbling "room service", and I nearly fainted. I instinctively pulled my one hand across my nipples and the other I moved quickly behind the door. The guy started pushing in a cart and I was standing in the way. I did not know what to do. I was all embarrassed, trying clumsily to cover myself up, but with my suitcase still packed had no way of doing just that. I asked him who ordered the food and he said a guy downstairs. I wanted to kill Mark. 

This guy was shocked too and didn't know what to do. I closed the door and he took out a piece of paper that needed signing. I had to do it so I bravely just let my hands drop from my breasts and walked up to him. I could see that he was staring at my nipples and pussy. I walked right up to him. I took his pen and noticed myself in the mirror. My pussy was visible and he was taking in every glance he could get of it. There was no pubic hair to hind behind, just a bald, swollen, sticking out, smooth pussy, which was now engorged with blood and hormones, throbbing and sticking out into the material. I signed and suddenly find myself feeling a rush of I don't know what. The guys started to walk out and I noticed that there was a big wet spot penetrating the material around my pussy area. I wondered if he had noticed it.

I find myself getting turned on by being seen in such a compromising state of undress, and I could get away with it as I was like that by mistake. I felt naughty and got on the phone and called room service and asked if someone could help me with the opening of the wine bottle sent up with the other snacks. In less than 2 minutes there was another knock on the door and this time, there was the guy from before and another guy. He obviously brought someone here to see if what he was probably saying about my little show was the truth. This time, however, I was purposely on show. I let them in, and as they were getting the cork off I bent over to get something off the bed, knowing that I would give them a good view. I parted my legs a bit and bent over down. I turned my head around and saw them both quickly turn their heads away. They were staring at my naked pussy from behind as it showed through under my butt crack. I gave them a smile as they left the room. I noticed that both of them had erections through their trousers. 

As they were leaving I heard Mark arrive so I quickly ran into the bathroom. He never had a clue as to what I had just done.

