Aisle 15
by Fantasyballer

A grocery produce manager tends to an unexpected harvest.

When I was thirty I had a very short run as produce manager at the local grocery. It was just a monkey bridge from one phase of life to another and sometimes people need that. Little did I know that there were any perks to be had next to the lettuce and carrots.

Aisle 15 in the produce section, Wednesday afternoons around 3pm, turned out to be a weekly delight. Well, I should say, it started out as a curiosity and morphed into something else. I was alerted by the outgoing manager about the woman who made her regularly scheduled visit and when the angle was right would reveal a taste of her desirables. The manager let me know that he never approached her but he never looked away either.

He never said exactly what she did but promised me it would be memorable.

The whole thing made Wednesday seem like a special day. I didn't know how this would go down but was sort of anxious to find out. I knew the approximate time and planned what area I'd be stocking at that time. The lettuce bins seemed like the best bet, in the corner with a good view of everything else.

At 2:45 I got into position and moved lettuce around with no particular purpose and waited. There were a couple false sightings, based more on desire than reality. I really didn't know what to look for, my predecessor wanted it to be a surprise, but I was hoping it was every cute girl I saw. And then what? What was going to happen?

Finally, a woman, possibly in her late thirties, early forties, spent an inordinate amount of time at the cucumbers, looking at different varieties, weighing them and so on. What got my attention though were her occasional glances in my direction. She definitely was aware of my presence. She was quite a beauty with long dark hair, brown eyes, glasses and a killer bod that suggested that she took very good care of herself. She wore a light blue blouse with a short white skirt that highlighted her magnificent legs. She was very carefully put together.

While my arms went through aimless lettuce maneuvers my eyes stayed focused on her...and then it happened. Looking around to make sure I was her only audience, she teasingly pulled up her skirt with the left hand, revealing no panties, and eased the cucumber between her legs with the right. Holy shit, I could hardly believe it. She manipulated the cucumber to pleasure herself and then put it in a plastic bag and left the scene of the vegetable assault. Clearly, what she was getting off on was me, or whoever, watching her covert masturbation.

The next Wednesday it was the same, as I positioned myself in her audience. Obviously, the fewer people passing by the better the show. I eventually stopped pretending to reorganize the lettuce and smiled as I watched her perform, always one eye on the lookout for approaching customers.

One week I took a slightly different tact while watching. I subtly ran my hand up and down my crotch, in effect, masturbating with her and in response to her. This got her hotter yet and she visibly orgasmed and continued to do so in the next couple of weeks.

Ever curious, I upped the ante by going over to her in the middle of the act and whispering softly in her ear, "I love it. Can you come everyday?" I put the emphasis on 'come' and I heard "Uhhhhhh" and the cucumber did the rest.

Setting aside her hyper-sexuality, you're probably wondering what was wrong with me, flirting with danger and possibly losing my job. But I was not married to the job and my sexual curiosity was in full bloom. What she was doing was risky and my response was risky. At the time it seemed like a match made in heaven.

Here's an example of my thought processes in a nutshell: 'Man, she has great legs." Okay? So the thinking was hardly intellectual. Great legs, the cucumber, the exhibition...all good in my book.

The following week she showed up right on time with yet another short skirt and a penchant for cucumbers. As she pleasured herself I again approached and whispered softly in her ear: "You're making me horny as hell, I want to fuck you senseless." Then I casually went back to the lettuce. I expected her to walk away because that would be pushing the thrill too far.

I was wrong.

She walked right up to me and pressed her breasts against my chest and said, "I thought you'd never ask." That took the talk right out of me and, stunned, I said nothing in return. Then she reached down and surreptitiously took a handful of my balls. "Fuck me here."

"In the store?" I asked incredulously.

"Yes, in the store. I want this cock (she moved her hand)."

I had a stiffy so started racking my brain as to where I could do her and then it hit me; unless I needed help I was basically the only one back with the produce shipping containers. If I was careful, I might be able to pull it off.

"Follow me," I said to her, "and do whatever I say. That way we won't get caught." I made a beeline back behind the large watermelon crates. She said nothing and did whatever I asked and when I thought the sight line was safe I dropped my pants, told her to suck my dick and she did. I had to run my hands up and down those fabulous legs and she loved it when I teasingly stopped just a hair short of her money maker. Then I flipped up her skirt and went after it. Because I was so anxious about being caught I fucked her rapidly like a machine while she moaned softly. Ten minutes into the barrage I shot my wad up her back. Then I laid her down on the potato bags and orally finished her off.

We got our clothes quickly in order and went back out on the floor as if nothing had happened. It may have been brief but it was exciting as hell. She thanked me and left the store.

This went on interrupted for weeks. We had a time of it and I started thinking I had the best job a horny guy could ever have...ever...until the store manager called me into his office. I already sensed that someone had seen us and I was about to get the axe. Not quite...

"Sit down," he said ominously. "How is Ms. Cucumber?"

"Who's Ms. Cucumber?" I asked in earnest.

"The woman in the cucumber section," he said, deadpan.

"Oh, I didn't know her name," I said, actually not knowing her name. So far I was just a bystander observing a crime against vegetables.

"What about when you took her in the back?"

Trying to come up with something I said, "Well I was just trying to explain to her that she couldn't do that."

"Really?"

"Yes."

"Then why did you fuck her back there?"

That stopped me cold. How did he know that? My mind was racing. Finally, I gave up and asked, "How did you know that?"

"We have security cameras everywhere for safety and to monitor criminal behavior."

Fuck, I felt like a dope. Why wouldn't they have security cameras? Of course, it was a store!

"So you saw this all along?"

"Yes"

"Why didn't you step in until now?

He took a big pause here and smiled a little..."Because I enjoyed it."

"What?"

"I enjoyed watching you fuck that woman. Your predecessor never took the bait but she worked on him, believe me. But, ya, I liked watching you screw her over a bag of potatoes even though you were breaking health codes right and left."

"So now what?"

"So instead of jerking off in my office I want some of that."

"Yes, but what is getting her off and wanting to do this is the excitement of maybe getting caught. That gets her hot."

"I know that, which is why I came up with a way to keep the tension level and get some action for myself. You keep on banging her like usual but every once in a while I'll catch the two of you and her way of keeping me quiet will be spreading her legs for me too. After all, any employee could come back there so the threat is still real. I just want some pussy."

"You mean a threesome?"

"Yes, and the security cameras will still film it."

"Why?"

"Oh, that will be another perk for my viewing pleasure later. Part of my personal collection."

I was trying to figure out who was kinkier, him or her? I guess I couldn't exclude myself since I got her back there to begin with."

This was going to be weird. "Okay, but this might scare her off."

"I don't think so. This is another level of excitement. Plus, I have the feeling that for her fucking two guys will be a huge turn on."

I sat thinking for a minute and then agreed. "So when will you do this?"

"I'm not telling you so you can have some excitement too. Hehe."

The following Wednesday was uneventful other than the usual watermelon ravishing. I was all over her and she was loving it. The manager didn't show up, so maybe he thought better of the idea.

But the week after in the middle of our melon tryst, dude popped in the doorway and kept walking towards us. We abruptly disengaged but I still had my pants down. She ducked down.

"I need you on the floor...hey, what the hell's going on here?"

"He was helping me find the right fruit so we were checking the bins," said my fair maiden in an effort to get us out of a jam.

"Ya, well your helper still has his pants on the floor so I don't think so."

"Look," she said, "it was my fault for dragging him back here."

"Look, Miss," said the suddenly conciliatory manager, "I see what's going on here and I'm not sure what to do...but maybe we can work something out...I don't know. What do you think?

She looked at me and I looked at her and I nodded to push it in the right direction. She hesitantly said, "Oh...Okay...", turned around, spread her legs and placed a hand on each butt cheek as an invitation.

The store manager wasted no time in dropping his pants and whipping out a half erect dick. Then he told her to suck him off and she went down on him. He grabbed the back of her head and drove his dick to the back of her throat, letting her regroup every few seconds before doing it again. He was pretty rough with her and I didn't know if she liked that but the last time she emerged she had a smile on her face so apparently she did.

While she swallowed I came up from behind and slid it in. She immediately stated banging back so we were good to go. After a spell of oral the manager looked at me and said, "Let me hit that." We switched position and she gave me head while he pumped her. It didn't take long and he pulled out, spraying his cum all over her. In a flash he was up and gone.

Since I was responsible for letting him into the mix I asked, "Are you okay?"

"Fuck yes, now would you mind going down on me?"

I laid her back in the lettuce (which, it turned out, she liked) and I went dining at the Y. I gave her everything I had until she groaned with deep pleasure. I let her lay there a second and then pulled her to my waiting cock and after rocking her body, her tits shaking, I released my satisfaction on her stomach. Back and front she was covered with cum and I had to get a damp towel and clean her off before we went back out.

This went on for months, maybe a year, which amazed me. The manager and I had her from about every angle there was and there was seemingly nothing she didn't like. There was nothing criminal since no money exchanged hands. This was just a sex obsessed woman and a sex crazed guy and some rogue third party and really the only one possibly harmed, melon consumers, would probably be just fine.

It just seemed all too good to continue and every Wednesday I expected the other shoe to drop.

But it never did.

For the store manager and myself every Wednesday was truly Hump Day and I think I was in actual mourning when I finally found a better job and moved on. I had gotten so accustomed to fucking this magnificent woman that it was all I could do to ward off the depression. No job, for the rest of my life, was going to have the weekly allure that the grocery store had. I think that realization nearly ruined everything that came after.

I'd been gone from the job for a couple of months when I ran into my produce manager predecessor who had made me aware of Ms. Cucumber. "How's things at the store," he asked?

I mentioned my departure but, yes, all that he'd pointed out was indeed true. Ms. Cucumber showed up just as he'd said she would. Then there was an awkward silence.

Finally, "You had sex with her didn't you?"

"Yes," I said sheepishly.

"Ahhhhh, so you didn't know?"

"Know what?" I said.

"She's the manager's wife. The whole setup is what they like. She likes fucking other guys. He loves watching her fuck other guys and videos her doing it so they can get off watching it together. My predecessor filled me in with the details when I got the job, but I was too cautious to end up in their videos although, believe me, the temptation was there. It's likely why I was let go. I couldn't give you that additional detail because I signed a document not to do so."

"So," he said anxiously, "was she good?"

"Spectacular," I said with no enthusiasm, realizing that those videos were forever.

"Well, look at it this way," he said half laughing, "you're a porn star!"
