Title: Movie Night 3_(2)
Author: UndeniableUrges
Rating: 97.1%
Themes: Fiction, Incest, Male/Teen Female, Young

Summary:
Note - This is a work of fiction.  You must be 18 or over to read this story.  In real life, incestuous relationships, particularly when an under-aged person is involved with a parent or adult, often causes deep psychological damage.  This story is provided for entertainment purposes only.  The author does not condone any sexual activity with persons under 18 in real life.

*** It is OK to have fantasies, but turning a fantasy into reality can destroy lives. Don't be a dick with other people's l

============================================================

Note - This is a work of fiction.  You must be 18 or over to read this story.  In real life, incestuous relationships, particularly when an under-aged person is involved with a parent or adult, often causes deep psychological damage.  This story is provided for entertainment purposes only.  The author does not condone any sexual activity with persons under 18 in real life.

*** It is OK to have fantasies, but turning a fantasy into reality can destroy lives. Don't be a dick with other people's lives!

Chad and his daughter Samantha were still cuddling on the couch. The movie had ended, and the living room was bathed in moonlight streaming through the windows and the soft light emanating from the now blank TV screen.

“Daddy,” she whispered softly, batting her eyelashes at him. “Do you want to see my pussy?”

He looked at her and began to grin. “Hmm, we still have plenty of time for another movie…”

Samantha was so horny! Her little panties were soaked with her juices. All night long her tiny slit had been tingling. First, she flirted with her daddy and wiggled her ass for him; flirting always made her pussy wet. Then, they watched a sexy movie after mommy went to bed, and finally, she got to play with her daddy on the couch. She could still taste her daddy’s ‘sperm’ in her mouth. But, she hadn’t had her cum yet!

Chad realized his daughter must be hotter than a firecracker. “Oh, Samantha, yes,” he said, looking at her, “Yes, I want to see your pretty little pussy, sweetheart.” Then he added softly, “Maybe you want me to do more than just look at it?”

She smiled and eagerly nodded her head. “Would you? Please, daddy?” She knew you always had to ask nice, and say ‘please’ to get what you want.

“Get washed up while I check on mommy”. He wanted to make sure his wife was still passed out in the bedroom. Samantha jumped off the couch – she couldn’t wait to show her daddy her juicy pussy!

Chad watched her run off then walked to the bedroom door. He softly opened it, peeked in, and saw Julie sprawled on the bed, snoring gently. She was on her side, mouth open, and totally out. ‘A bottle and a half of wine and two sleeping pills will do that to you’, he said to himself. Satisfied he returned to the living room.

Samantha came out of the bathroom after getting a drink and washing the dried cum off her face. She had enjoyed staring at the cum stained girl in the mirror - the horny little girl who knew how to do a ‘blowjob’ and make a man cum. Walking back into the living room she saw her daddy sitting on the couch, his robe open, legs spread, and his fat cock hanging down between his legs. The same cock she had just had in her mouth! Her pussy twitched and she gave it a quick rub with her fingers.

Chad was flipping thru the channels with the remote. He had unlocked the adult channels and was reviewing the selections. Samantha sat beside him. She automatically reached for his penis and began playing with it.

“What channels are these, daddy?” she asked, reading the titles and seeing the word “ADULT” on all of them. “Oh! We are going to watch an ‘adult’ movie? Cool!” She smiled to herself, ‘Adults do grown up things like ‘blowjobs’, so I’m an adult now!’ she reasoned.

“You can choose. Pick a good one, Sammie,” Chad said. Samantha began reading the titles out loud; ‘Hot Shots in Tight Twats’, ‘Horny Young Lovers’, ‘Lesbian Dildo Babes’…

‘Hmm,’ she thought, ‘What’s a ‘Less-bi-an?’ What is a ‘Dil-do?’ Then she exclaimed – “That one!”

Chad stopped on ‘Daddy’s Little Plaything’.

“Am I your ‘Little Plaything’ Daddy?” she asked grinning, still gently stroking his dick. He started the movie then leaned over to kiss his ‘little plaything’ for an answer. His lips met hers and he kissed her like a woman, hard and wet. Samantha was surprised, since this was not the normal kiss she got from her daddy. She began to kiss him back, smashing their lips together, sucking gently, their tongues dancing. His hands began to gently caress her breasts thru her teddy, and then, he reached down to rub her panty covered pussy.

“Aaahh, rub it, daddy, rub my pussy!” she moaned. Chad rubbed her little slit, and then slipped his hand inside her wet panties. He smashed down on her cunt lips, and slipped a finger up and down her juicy slit. “Ohh, make me cum daddy!” He found her clit and rubbed it, then stopped.

“We have a problem,” he said, playing with her swollen clit, “I found another lump in the couch!” He gave her clit a gentle flick with his fingers, and began laughing, tickling her, then put his arm around her and turned towards the movie, leaving her frustrated.

“Daddy! I want...” she began.

“Shhh! The movie Sammie!” He grinned, playing the same trick on her. He thought to himself, ‘Just a little bit longer, baby’. He had a plan; he wanted her to get super horny. He had a surprise waiting for her.

They watch the movie for a while, gently caressing each other. In the story, the father came home and found his daughter masturbating in her bedroom. In typical Hollywood fashion, he climbed into her bed to help her out. On the screen, the two made out, and then the father began to eat his daughter’s pussy.

“I knew boys would like to lick pussy juice!” she said aloud. Samantha had also figured out that if boys like their penises licked, girls would like to have their pussies licked too.

“Can I see your pretty little pussy now?” Chad asked. Samantha nodded quickly; she was very excited to have her daddy look at it. She knew he liked juicy pussies! She bet he would like her pussy A LOT! Her pussy was VERY juicy right now!

Samantha watched her father get up from the couch and kneel in front of her. “Lift up, Sammie,” he said reaching under her teddy and grabbing her panties. Samantha lifted up her ass and he pulled the soaking wet panties off, exposing her naked, wet twat. It was beautiful. He felt the weight of the panties in his hand, and slipped them into the pocket of his robe for a souvenir.

The smell of fresh, warm pussy assailed his nostrils. He breathed deeply of her musk and stared at the sight in front of him. “Scoot closer, Sammie,” he said. Samantha slid her ass forward, bringing her shiny cunt to the edge of the couch. Chad grabbed her ass cheeks and pulled her even closer, until her hot pussy was hanging over the edge, inches from his face.

“Are you going to lick my pussy, daddy? Like on TV?” On the screen, she saw the girl rolling her head back and forth as the father licked her cunt. ‘It must feel really good!’ she thought. ‘I hope my daddy was going to do that too!’

She had figured out his surprise! For an answer, Chad began licking, nibbling and sucking the insides of her thigh. Then, he moved to the other side, teasing her. “My pussy daddy, lick my pussy, not my legs, silly!” Samantha was on fire, humping her crotch, trying to press it against his face.

Chad couldn't torture her any further, he dove in! He began slurping his daughter’s sweet pussy juice, pressing his face deeply into her gash! How good it tasted! How fresh and clean her pussy was!

“Ah …, ah …, aaahhh …, Ohhh? Ohh? Samantha was surprised to feel his tongue probe deep into her hole. She decided that nothing could ever feel as good as her daddy’s tongue licking her cunt! She loved it! “Yes! Yes! Daddy, lick it, LICK IT!” Samantha moaned and rolled her head, like on TV. She grabbed her daddy’s hair with both hands, pulled herself up and rocked her steaming cunt into him. The feeling was incredible. Her daddy’s hot tongue was driving into her pussy and licking deep into her fuck-hole. He slurped her juices gently and spread her lips with his face, going as deep as he could. He smashed her clit with the bridge of his nose.

“Oh, daddy, it feels so good!” The images on the screen inflamed her passion even more. Sitting up, she could see the movie clearly. On the TV, the father got up, and Samantha saw his big cock. “His cock is like yours daddy! Do all men have big cocks like that?” Chad didn’t answer. He began to spread his daughter’s pussy lips apart with his fingers, exposing her clit, and sliding a fat finger into her hole!

Samantha felt the cool air on her spread pussy lips, and felt her daddy’s finger plunging deep into her juicy hole. “Oh, yes! Daddy, you are making me feel so good!” She pulled his head against her gash hard, trying to intensify the feelings emanating from her hot cunt!

On the screen, the father climbed up on his daughter and pressed his cock against her pussy. “What is he doing?” she said aloud. “He’s putting his cock into her pussy daddy!”

Samantha watched, amazed. What she had learned in school all made sense now. She had never made the connection before; words like ‘Penis, Vagina, Sperm, Making-Love, and Sex’ became clear to her. ‘They were having sex! Sex wasn’t just kissing and hugging!’ she thought to herself. ‘It was blowjobs, licking pussy, putting cocks into pussies and cumming!’

She watched as the thick cock slid into the movie star’s pussy. Samantha was amazed that a little cunt could take such a big cock! It was thrilling to see! The man began moving his hips back and forth, sliding his cock in and out. “Fuck me!” the star said, and began moaning. Samantha moaned too. It was too much for her. “They are fucking now!” she said breathlessly. Samantha added another word to her vocabulary.

Chad began tonguing her clit, sucking it gently, smashing it with his lips and finger fucking her cunt-hole. He reached up with his long arm and squeezed her breast with his other hand, pinching a fat nipple until it was taut.

“I’m going to cum daddy! I’m going to… I’m cumming!” She felt the tingling begin in her fingers and toes. She knew it would be a big one! The tingling traveled thru her chest, radiated from her nipples, then to her thighs, and met at her pussy. “Oh, oh, oh, ooooohhhh!” she moaned. Her massive orgasm enveloped her, rolling over her like waves crashing on a beach.

On TV, the man pulled out his fat cock and shot his sperm on his daughter’s face and mouth - just like her daddy had done to her! She could still taste her daddy’s cum on her lips. Another orgasm hit her, and another, again and again! Her thighs began to quiver, her body began to shake. She felt like a faucet was turned on inside of her! “AH, AH, I CAN’T STOP CUMMINNNGGG!” Her body was racked with pleasure, her pussy juiced, her muscles tightened, she saw stars behind her clenched eyelids.

“Mmmmmmmm” she moaned happily after an eternity, finally satisfied. She was done, spent, and exhausted. He daddy had stopped sucking her, sat back, and looked at her. She pulled her legs together, clamped her hands on her tired pussy, and curled up on the couch.

Chad stood up, wiped his face on his robe and sat next to her, massaging her naked ass. “Did you have a nice 'cum', Sammie?” He asked, using the same words she had used after his orgasm.

“Oh, daddy…, it was the best cum ever!”

They sat together and watched the movie, with Samantha resting, asking a lot of questions, and learning a lot of things! “Do girls really like to eat each other’s pussies?” she asked. “Girls can play with TWO boys at the same time?” And, “People like to lick and fuck butt-holes?”

She finally sat up, rested. The movie was nearing the end, showing a climactic orgy scene. Samantha brushed her face with her hand, and noticed the many hairs in-between her fingers.

“I’m sorry I pulled your hair, daddy.”

“That’s OK, sugar, you were a little distracted.”

“Yes, distracted by another ‘lump’ you found in the couch. That makes four lumps. I think we may need a new couch.” They giggled together.

Sitting quietly, the movie over, Samantha reached over to play with his dick again, feeling it begin to thicken. Chad remembered to delete the two movie rentals and then turned off the TV.

“It’s getting late, Sammie, are you ready for bed?” Chad asked.

“No, not yet, daddy” she said, yawning. “I’m ‘ready’, but I think I’m ready to suck your Popsicle again!” She leaned over and put her mouth over his cock, licking, sucking and slurping. She felt it grow in her mouth; she loved the feeling, knowing she was making her daddy aroused. In fact, she decided, feeling her daddy’s cock growing hard in her hand or mouth was her favorite thing in the world! ‘Almost her favorite,’ she thought. Cumming and making her daddy cum were her real favorites!

Samantha got between her dad’s legs again and told him to scoot up on the edge, like she had done for him. She began licking her favorite juicy treat again, imagining it was blueberry flavored this time. She licked all around the head, exploring the ridges of his cock-head with her tongue. She popped the head in and out of her mouth, letting her lips press tightly behind the flared gland before popping her pursed lips off again. She licked his piss slit, searching for pre-cum and tickled his balls.

“Am I doing it right, daddy?” Samantha asked, before lapping at his heavy balls, doing her best to imitate what she had seen in the movie.

“Uh, huh,” Chad mumbled.

Samantha recalled how, in the movie, the girl had taken the man’s entire penis in her mouth. Samantha thought she could do it too, after all, she could get a whole Popsicle down her throat, why not daddy’s cock? She tried to see how deep she could take him. She pushed her head lower until his cockhead caught in her throat. His cock was much thicker than a Popsicle! Frustrated, she tried again, and pushed deeper. She couldn’t breathe! She backed off, took a deep breath and tried again, more determined this time. His cock slid into her wet mouth, caught at the back of her throat, and Samantha pushed her head on top of it. With a second push, it went past her throat, deeply into her, just like in the movie! She did it! With so many Popsicles pushed shoved down her throat, she knew she could take her daddy’s cock if she tried hard enough!

Samantha began to take him deep, in and out, breathing on the up-stroke, relaxing her throat on the down-stroke. Remembering the movie, she reached her small hand under his ass and probed his ass-hole with her small digit, cupping his balls with her other hand while she throated him.

Chad was amazed. His little girl was gifted, cock-sucking protégé! She was learning so much in such a short amount of time. She had a talent for sucking cock, that’s for sure! He felt so proud of her, and knew he was so lucky to have such a gifted daughter.

“Sammie, you are the best cocksucker ever! You have no idea how good you make me feel!” He looked down at his little slut, smiling at her.

She stopped sucking, pulling her lips off of his dick with a loud ‘pop’. She stood up, very proud of herself. “Thank you, daddy. You make me feel good too. I love sucking your Daddy-Popsicle!” She licked her lips and looked at him. Seeing his bare chest, legs and groin, she decided to get naked too. She pulled off her teddy and stood in front of him.

In the moonlight he admired her. His glance travelled from her sparking eyes, to her long hair, her perky tits and those incredible perfect, puffy nipples. He admired her flat stomach, round ass and her shiny pussy.

She posed for him. “Do you like what you see, daddy?”

Chad did like what he saw. He was the luckiest man in the world, and he knew it. “Come her Sam, I’ll show you how much I like you!”

Samantha climbed onto his lap, put her arms around him, and kissed him on the lips. They kissed passionately, darting their tongues all around, and sucking on each other’s lips. Samantha could taste her pussy juice on him - it turned her on. Chad began running his hands up and down her sides, cupping her tits, then going down to cup her ass. He pulled her ass cheeks apart, and smashed them together, making her pussy lips open up. She could feel a breeze on her little ass-hole.

She felt his hard cock in front of her pussy and began rubbing herself against it. She moved her ass up and down, making her daddy’s slick cock slide against her wet slit. They began to kiss harder, almost bringing blood. Chad groped her tits hard, and twisted her nipples. “Mmmff!” Samantha moaned and ground her cunt against his slippery pole. She began to dig her fingernails into his shoulders. They were both so turned on! The smell of sex filled the room; their muffled moans and smacking lips were the only sounds the room. His cock was leaking, her pussy was oozing! Then, it happened…

Samantha slid her pussy upwards just a bit too far; at the same time, Chad pulled his ass back just a bit too much. When they met again, his cock-head slipped into her fuck-hole!

The both froze. They looked at each other, not moving. Samantha could feel her pussy stretching over his cock-head. Chad could feel the heat, the wetness and the tightness of her young cunt. Chad started to lift her up.  Samantha looked her daddy in the eye, kissed him hard, and began to drop her body onto his shaft. It slid slowly, so slowly into her, going deeper and deeper into her hot, wet, tunnel. He held her tighter. She felt her tiny pussy stretching to the limit, wider and wider! She bit his shoulder and dug her nails into him as her pussy stretched painfully. However, she pushed herself lower. She wanted this. She wanted him inside of her. His cock went deeper and deeper, inch after inch, until she could push no further. His balls rested against her and his hard dick was all the way inside! Her pussy was so hot and so tight! His thick shaft stretched her and made her feel full. She felt complete now, somehow whole, and satisfied. ‘My daddy is going to ‘fuck’ me now!’ Samantha said to herself..

Chad felt the tight wetness of his daughter’s cunt. He vividly remembered Samantha’s bicycle accident last year and was grateful her cherry had been lost, allowing this magical moment to happen. He held her close, his hard cock throbbing, captured tightly by her no-longer-virgin pussy.

They sat together, kissing passionately, running their fingers around, necking and caressing, waiting for her pussy to relax and the exquisite pain to subside. Samantha slowly started to grind her ass again, humping back and forth with small motions, feeling her daddy’s cock slide inside of her. Chad felt her pussy walls squeezing his shaft and milking his cock. She began to hump harder; first one inch, then two, then three and four inches of her dad’s cock slid in and out of her slick, wet, hole. She smashed her crotch into his and kept humping her cunt onto his fuck-pole. She felt her clit rub against him, and pressed it harder! “Ooohh, daddy, we’re fucking!” she moaned loudly, “Fuck me daddy! Fuck your little girl! Fuck your little play-thing!” Samantha cried out, remembering the title of the movie they had watched.

Chad responded to her urges and gripped his daughter’s ass cheeks in both of his strong hands. He began sawing his cock into her, driving his hips up and down as he held her in place. He tried to be gentle, yet give her what she was begging for. He slid his cock out and back in, slowly at first; pulling his cock out until it was almost out of her hole, and then sliding it back in until his balls banged into her ass.”Mmm…, mmm…, ohh…, ohh…,” she moaned. She loved the feeling of his huge dick sliding and out of her. It was going in so deep! It was so long, so thick, stretching her hole, making her tingle all over! She loved fucking! She felt so good!

Chad was determined to make her first fuck a memorable one. He picked her ass up and set it down again, mimicking, but making opposite actions with his own hips. He pulled her tight, smashing her clit against him. He ground his hips around and around; spreading her pussy wide and then drove his cock sideways, then back up, and then back down. He put a finger into his mouth, got it wet, and reached around to her ass crack.

Samantha felt his wet finger probing for her tight bung-hole. She arched her back, pushed out her butt to help him, and felt his finger find its target. Chad pushed his wet digit into her just a bit, and then tugged it, left then right, around and around, widening her rose bud. As his shaft continued the assault on her pussy, his finger slid into her ass.

Samantha loved it! Her ass tingled, her clit tingled, and her tits tingled as they bounced against his chest! Her ass-hole clenched against his finger – she loved his finger in her ass; she didn't know it would feel so good! Chad slammed his cock into her harder, again and again. Her titties were bouncing, her clit was being smashed, and her butt felt amazing! He gripped her cheeks firmly, spread them wider and pushed his finger into her ass, going two digits deep!

“Ahh, ahh, ohh, ohh,” she moaned. All of her senses were alive! He pussy, her tits, her ass! Samantha’s pussy began to pulse and the tingling increased. “Fuck me harder, daddy, fuck me. I’m gonna cum, daddy, oh, you are making me cum!” she squealed. Samantha felt the orgasm building from deep within her. This was different than before! It was somehow more fulfilling. This orgasm felt like a volcano going off deep inside of her. Wave after wave washed over her, tumbling her emotions, making her lightheaded - almost making her black out! “Aaahh, ahhh, daddy! Your cock! Your finger! Fuck meeeeee! Ohh, ohh, ahh, ahh, ugh, ugh…, yesssssss, daaaa, aaa, aaa-da-da-da-da-eeeeeeey!” she cried as she her breasts jiggled and body rocked up and down.

Chad felt his daughter’s cunt spasm as she orgasmed. The tightness of her cunt, the passion of her cries and the heat of the moment made his nuts tighten. He was fucking his own daughter! His cock was inside of her pussy! He was making his little Sammie cream all over his cock! The thought made his cock get thicker and thicker as his orgasm erupted. Samantha could feel his cock swell in her tight hole. She felt him cumming inside of her! His orgasm rocked him as he blasted shot after shot of potent sperm deep into his daughter’s tight twat! Samantha felt each hot spurt shooting inside her. “Give me your cum daddy, give me all your cum!” They came together, humping, thrusting, kissing and fucking. Their orgasms left them sweaty, tired and spent. Every muscle in Samantha’s body clenched tight, and then went limp. Samantha was done. She placed her head on her daddy’s shoulder, resting, running her fingers over his nipples. Chad was quiet and still, enjoying the afterglow of his orgasm, and contemplating everything that had happened.

They stayed together like that for a time. The sweat cooled on their bodies and their heat finally dissipated. Chad had filled her cunt full of cum and it began leaking out, soaking his balls, and dripping on the couch. His cock slowly softened and Samantha felt it getting smaller and smaller, though, she wanted it to stay hard inside of her forever. Her father moved to stretch his tired muscles, and his cock slipped out of her pussy. She felt empty.

Samantha yawned and said, “Carry me to bed and tuck me in, daddy?”

Chad picked her up and carried her naked and exhausted body to her room. He put her into bed, and pulled the covers up to her neck, tucking her in. She pushed the blanket back down so her firm tits would remained uncovered. She gave them a squeeze, remembering all of the good feelings they had shared.

“Good night daddy, I had fun tonight” she grinned sleepily at him.

“Me too sweetheart, good night.” He kissed her on the forehead, and turned to leave.

“Yes dear?”

“Will you fuck my butt-hole, like we saw, the next Movie Night?” She batted her eyes and stretched, pushing her titties out until her nipples pointed at him. She added, “I really liked it when you played with it…, please?”

Chad stared at her, admiring her beauty and perfect body. “How can I say ‘No’ to her?” he thought.

“We will see, dear. Now, get some rest.” He shut the door, shaking his head.

“I have a nymphomaniac for a daughter,” he realized, smiling.

He walked back into the living room to clean up. Looking around, he remembered his feelings after last week’s events. ‘Yes,’ he thought, ‘Movie Night will never be the same…’

© Copyright Undeniable Urges, 2015 - 2019. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from the author is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Undeniable Urges, with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.