What Goes Around
By Drew

Annie and Haley were bored silly. "What can we do? Im tired of just sitting around" Annie complained. 
"Hey didnt you get a camcorder for your birthday?" asked Haley. 
"yeah , good idea we can go around making movies of people." Annie suggested. 
They went out, walked around a bit, and made their way up town. Annie only lived about 6 blocks from 'uptown' where the business district started. She shot some footage but soon became bored again. "I wish people would DO something, these fools arent doing anything interesting". Haley whined. 
"Yeah , it would be cool if someone got pantsed or something" Annie added. 
Then a light came on in Annies head. "Why dont you pants someone and ill get it on the cam?" 
"Are You nuts? theyll kill me". 
"What can they do? Just pull there pants down and run like hell. They cant chase you, their pants will be around their knees or maybe ankles. Oh MY God itll be so funny." Annie laughed. 
"Why do i have to pull them down? Why dont u pull them down?" Haley asked 
"Well first off its my camera and second u can run faster." 
So Annie stood in a nonconspicuous place with her telephoto lens on full. Haley stood near Annie. They had picked a corner with a bus stop. It seemed a good place to do the pantsing. Annie and Haley scanned the crowd, looking for a victum. 
"Her, shes the one. Shes wearing sweat pants." Annie whispered to Haley 
Haley nonchanlantly strolled up behind the young girl. Looked back and grinned. She grabbed both sides of her sweat pants and jerked them down. They came down to the girls knees and she screamed as she quickly bent over and pulled them up, then looked around and saw Haley running at about 90 mph down the street. People all around the teenager were laughing and the teen's face was clearly red as she sheepishly looked around. 
Anna had got it all on her camcorder. They met up at a designated spot and rolled in laughter as they played it back. "OK next victum" Annie announced. 
Next was an older guy , maybe in his 30s with loose jeans on. Haley got behind him and checked Annie. Annie gave her the thumbs up sign. Haley made a funny face for the camera then turned around and casually walked up behind the man. 
Haley yanked on the mans jeans and down they came, almost to his ankles. Haley was already running and Annie could hardly keep the camera still as she laughed at the sight of his tighty whities and some hairy crack. 
The totally embarrassed and totally pissed off guy started after her but couldnt run and pull his pants up at the same time. It was hilarious. 
They did about 10 people in all. 
"One more" Haley said "then we're done." 
" No problem. The batterys getting low anyway." 
They wanted to choose a young girl. Girls were the easiest and best. They couldnt run and they almost always screamed. 
They spotted a young woman in her early 20s. She was wearing a long silk skirt with an elastic waistband. 
"This chick is just begging for it. She might as well have a sign on her...PLEASE PULL DOWN MY SKIRT. Haha easy pickins," whispered Annie to Haley. 
Annie was in her spot and Haley snuck up behind the woman, gave Annie the thumbs up, and Haley yanked the skirt down. As the skirt came down Haley saw a flash of skin. Was she wearing any panties? Haley didnt think so as she flew outa there. 
She ran a good distance and checked behind her to make sure no one followed. No one was on her tail so she went to the meeting point. 
"Tell me she wasnt wearing panties" Haley laughed as she walked down the alley to their meeting place. There stood Annie with a funny look on her face. "Whats a matter?" Haley queeried 
Just then out, of the door way, stepped the 30some yr old man and two of the other victims. Haley turned to run but the alley was already blocked by a few more. 
"We spotted your cameraman and followed her so we would know where you two would meet." 
" Sorry Haley, I had no idea they seen me" Annie wimpered. 
"Ok ok Well give u the disc. Big deal, no one was hurt." Haley was trying to make it sound like thats all there would be to it. 
"Really? We were humiliated in public. The least you could do would be to appologize." one of the girls said. "you embarrassed us" 
"Embarrassed ?, Big deal who hasnt been embarrassed?" 
"Well, if its not that big a deal......STRIP". The girl with the sweat pants insisted. 
Annie and Haleys jaws dropped. "Theres a big difference between showing your underwear for a few seconds and being made to stand around in just your panties and bra," Annie protested. 
"Panties and bra my ass" yelled the girl in the skirt. "We want you naked. Take it all off, every stitch." The vilgelante mob all loudly agreed. 
The group of victims formed a cirle around the two girls and forced them take all their clothes off. 
"Lets go shoes and socks first" the 30some yr old man ordered. Their tops were next then they were made to pull their pants down and step outa them. It felt very weird to be in just their panties and bras in the middle of an alley downtown. 
Lets go Bras and panties....off! They unclasped their bras, faces as red as tomatoes. 
Haley had modest smallist boobies but Annies breasts fell outa her bra and bounced around. She had been blessed with her mothers large size Ds. 
"Lets go pull them panties down." 
Annies hesitated. "Please dont make us get naked in front of these guys". They had pantsed 2 high school boys and one man. 
"Should have thought about that before u did it." one of the highschool boys called out. 
The two teenager girls had no choice as several from the crowd started grabbing their panties and pulling on them. "OK OK Well take em off" and both girls pulled their lone remaining garments down to their ankles and stepped outa them. Now they were totally naked in the middle of town with about 10 of their vicims laughing and pointing at them. It was totally degrading and very embarrassing. Then someone from the group gathered their clothes up. 
They were made to pose as the 30something year-old man made videos of them with Annies own camcorder, telling them if they were ever caught doing this again he'd download them on the internet and make some stills and post them at their school. 
Just to make it even more dergading, they made Annie bend over and spread her cheeks exposing her bung hole then they made Haley kiss it. Next it was Haley who had to kiss Annies pussy while her legs were spread. 
"Ok I think we have enough" the 30 yr old said. He removed the evidence and handed the camcorder back to Annie who really didnt want to uncover her large boob to grab it. 
"Now get outa here and dont let us ever catch you again" 
"Ok, were sorry" Annie apologized "well go" She looked around. "Wheres our clothes?" she asked still covering her private parts. 
No one in the victims club knew. They all shrugged and laughed as they walked away. Annie and Haley were left to fend for theirselves in that alley in the middle of town completely naked. 
"Oh well, what goes around comes around" the victims gang had yelled back at them as they disappeared. 
"Heres another fine mess you gotten me into" Haley said as she looked around the alley. Annie and Haley were bare ass naked and they needed something to cover themselves with. 
They found a couple of old cardboard boxes that just about concealed them, but the boxes had been in the alley awhile and were falling apart. Annie and Haley held them together the best they could and went out onto the crowded sidwalk. 
"What u wearing? Wheres your clothes? Hey your boxes are falling apart" people were taunting them and their boxes. 
Some of the kids were running by, hitting the boxes causing them to tear even more. Haley and Annie started to run down the street. Kids just chased them. They had to stop at a cross walk. People were laughing at them and cars were honking and yelling as they went by. The light changed and Annie and Haley were crossing the street when a kid went by on a bike and grabbed Annies box. The box ripped into two pieces the largest one going down the street with the bike rider. 
AAAAAAAH Annie screamed as she tried to cover her self with a small piece of cardboard and hold onto her camcorder while in the middle of the crosswalk. She put the cardboard in front and covered her buttcrack behind with her camcorder. While she was looking back at her butt to make sure it was covered another kid ran up and grabbed the last piece of cardboard away from her. Now she was naked again in the middle of traffic. 
Meanwhile Haley was having her own problems. 3 kids were trying to pull her box off. They kept yelling to each other " take her box, i wanta see her naked" the box was breaking up and soon she was bare with out any box at all. Cars started honking as the light had turned green. 
The girls ran covering themselves the best they could but lots of people was getting a good view and they were all laughing and yelling for everyone else to see the naked girls. 
Annie and Haley ran the 6 blocks home. It seemed that every neighbor Annie and Haley had ever known was outside. This was the most embarrassing thing that had ever happened to either of them. As they ran down the sidewalk with their arms and hands hiding as much as they could of their young bodies. Friends and neighbors laughed and waved and yelled their names. The nude teens faces burned red and they felt humiliated from running down the street bare while everyone watched. They got to Haleys house first and as they ran up onto the porch Haleys 2 older brothers and their friends came out of the house. 
"Whoa, what do we have here?" her older brother asked. "Why are you two naked?" 
The rest of the boys, who were on their way to play basketball all got some cheap feels as the girls tried to get by. 
"Dont look", cried Haley and she dropped into a crouch, trying to hide everything from her brothers and their friends. "Go, get away from me". 
It was one thing to be seen by total strangers and even friends but it was obscene to be caught bare in front of your BROTHERS. They both laughed and shook their heads as they walked down the steps. 
Two of her brother's friends stayed behind. "I think we should take her with us." 
"Yeah we need a cheerleader to cheer while we play." 
"Haha Yeah, there will be lots of guys there to cheer in front of". And they pulled the croutching Haley up bye her arms. 
"NO NO NO Please dont. Leave me alone." 
They had her feet off the ground and she was naked and kicking and screaming. Her little boobies bounced and jiggled as they walked with her thru the yard on their way to the playground. Her neatly trimmed kooch on display for all to see as she thrashed between the two much larger boys. 
The playground.....where there would be lots of kids , both boys and girls. 
"What the hell do you think your doing with our sister?" her two older brothers shouted. 
The two friends laughed saying "Were taking Haley to the basketballcourt, shes gonna be our cheerleader." 
Their smiles faded as the two brothers headed for them with stern looks on their mugs that said 'Im gonna kick ur ass'. 
" Let her go or you'll be spending the rest of the afternoon trying to figure out how to get this ball outa your ass." The two friends dropped Haley and she sprinted towards the house. She flew up the steps and disappeared inside. Her brothers were a pain in the ass most of the time but they would never let her come to harm. 
Annie didnt want any part of that and had raced off the porch as soon as Haley had dropped down into a crouch. 
She headed at a dead run for her home just 2 houses away. She ran around thru the back yards. She figured there would be less people to see her. Unfortunately the neighbor between Haley's and Annies house were having a BBQ and from the looks of it had invited everyone. She raised quite a stirr as she ran bare ass naked right thru the middle of of the party. The only thing she had was her camera, which she held tight to her crotch. What made this even more humiliating was that she knew almost everyone there. She could hear them laughing and calling her name. 
She finally made it to her own house. She bounded up the steps but just as she reached for the door her father appeared. 
"Annie, What the hell are you doing outside naked?" He took one look at the camcorder in her hand and went ballistic. He started yelling about her making naked movies, and showing herself like a slut. She just wanted inside. People from the BBQ could still see her. 
He finally ripped the door open and pulled her inside. She laid the camcorder on the table and raced to her room but before she got there her Dad yelled for her to stop and get back here, he wasnt done talking to her. 
She had always obeyed her dad, he was very stern and could be very scary. And right now he was scaring the hell outa her. She had never seen him so mad. So she crept back down still trying to cover herself. The more he talked the madder he got. 
"So you like to show yourself to people, well we will see if you enjoy this." And her bent her over the back of the couch and smacked her naked butt. She hadnt gotten a spanking in a lot of years. She didnt think anything could hurt as much as the shame and embarrassment she was feeling by being naked in front of her father. She was wrong. 
The first swat stung like fire and the 5 additinal ones each hurt worse than the one before reducing her to tears. "Now," he said as she stood up. She wanted to rub her poor ass that felt like it was burning but it hurt too much. She stole a glance at it and iT was as red as fire. She had received 3 smacks on each cheek and the hand prints were very visible. 
"Now go get the mail" Her father ordered. 
The mail box was across the street on the side of the road. "But Dad im naked" 
"And walk dont run. You want to run around naked? im giving you your chance. GO....NOW!" 
She was hoping everyone had gone inside, or left town, or been struck blind but the odds were against her. She stepped outside and slowly headed down the porch. People were already seeing her. She covered herself best she could as she walked thru the grass to the road. She had to stand by the side of the road waiting for cars to go by as they honked their horns. She saw the leering faces and taunts hurled her way. She knew they could see her bright red ass cheeks and probably guessed how she got them. Finally she crossed the road. As she opened the mail box up her back was toward the road and 2 more cars went by. She knew they had seen the red spank marks on her buttcheeks adding to her shame. 
Great, no mail. She was hopeing someone had sent her a blanket or maybe a hole to crawl into. She turned to come back but had to wait for several more cars on the return trip. Several neighbors were standing around some, of course, with camera phones flashing. She walked very fast back to the porch and into the house. 
"I hope you learned your lesson young lady" her father hissed as she walked by , giving her another hard smack on her already sore ass. She ran up to her room. She had indeed learned her lesson. What goes around, comes around.......times 100.