It was peaceful around him and Iruka cherished it. Moments like this were getting farther and farther apart in his life.

Of course, he knew it couldn’t last.

His scar on his back twinged slightly, but he already knew. “If you’ve come to kill me,” he said, not looking up from his sorting, “please do it quickly and cleanly and tell Naruto that I died a good death.”

He didn’t hear Hatake move, but he felt the Copy Ninja inches away from his back a moment later. “Now why would I want to kill you, Iruka-sensei?” The voice drawled, too close to Iruka’s ear to be comfortable or polite.

Iruka didn’t look up. He wasn’t going to let Hatake’s intimidation tactics get to him. “I do believe that you have a right to want some form of retribution, Hatake-sam—”

The kunai lightly pressed to his artery before he had even finished saying the respectful title. His hands froze for a moment before he forced them to go back to the sorting.

“Don’t ever call me that.” Hatake sounded bored, but years of teaching let Iruka hear the tight pained undertone.

Doing his best to ignore the cold steel that was threatening to do more than press into his skin, Iruka concentrated on keeping his posture and voice calm. “I am sorry, Hatake-san. I didn’t mean to offend you.”

The weapon remained there a moment more—as a warning, Iruka was sure—before vanishing. Iruka wanted to let out a breath of relief, but that would be letting Hatake know that he was nervous. He wasn’t going to give the jounin the satisfaction. They both knew that Hatake had the upper hand and did have the right in the matter, but Iruka wasn’t going to let a few intimidation tactics get to him. Or if they did, he wasn’t going to let it show.

There was a silence, filled only by Iruka shuffling papers around. Finally getting frustrated with the jounin’s mind games, Iruka carefully put the stack down and mentally braced himself for the violence that would invariably follow. “If you are not here to kill me or exact your revenge, I am going to ask you to leave, as I still have a lot to do.”

“I don’t think you’re really in a place to be asking for anything, now are you?” Hatake said, voice still too close to be proper. “Being that you’re the one who set me up and all.”

Iruka bit back the words ‘you deserved it, you smug arrogant fuck-head!’ “Then do what you have to do. I still have too much to do and since I haven’t seen any females for fifteen minutes, I’m running on borrowed time. I would like to get as much done as possible before I have to go and get another one of our esteemed jounin out for my blood.”

“My, my, Sensei. What if what I want can’t be done here right now?”

Iruka felt his eyebrow twitch and his artery pulse before he managed to control his face. “Pray, then, what would be a better location and time?” He managed to get out and felt proud that it came out almost bored and not with a hint of gritted teeth.

He could hear Hatake pretend to think about it. “I think about seven thirty tonight outside of Ryou’s would be better.”

“Ryou’s? That new and very expensive restaurant across from the booksellers?”

“You pay.”

“You want free food?” In his surprise, the words came out of Iruka’s mouth before he could stop them.

“I want favours from you.” The jounin corrected, making the phrase sound dirtier than it really was. Iruka wondered how fast a recently castrated ninja could move. “And I’ve wanted to see if Ryou’s is worth the fuss. And I’m out of edible food.” Hatake added, almost in afterthought.

“What sort of favours?”

“Now, now, Iruka-sensei”—the suffix was breathed across Iruka’s ear—“you needn’t sound so suspicious.”

“I think I have every right to be apprehensive.” Elite ninjas were trained to continue, even when faced with grievous injuries. Still, castration might buy him a few more seconds then if, say, he went for the liver or the lungs. Lot of sensitive stuff down there. “My current record with life does not allow me to let people have the benefit of the doubt.”

A low chuckle surprised him, interrupting his calculations of speed and distance needed to outrun Hatake if it did come down to drastic measures. “A very true point indeed, Sensei.” Hatake said, giving Iruka some space, finally. “Favours would be things like meals, food, getting my copy of the new Icha Icha book when it comes out, taking care of my pets when I’m out, things like that.”

“For how long?”

“My, my, my, Iruka-sensei, aren’t we a little paranoid. Don’t you trust me?”

“No.”

The low chuckle rumbled through the air again. “For as long as I find it necessary.”

“A week.” He said, as he turned to glare at the man who was slouched against the blackboard.

The pale visible eyebrow arched slightly. “You’re telling me that you’re only going to do it for a week?”

“I refuse to be suckered into becoming your slave forever just because I didn’t think to set an end date.

The eyebrow curved lazily. “I think six months sound fair.”

Iruka’s eyes narrowed. “You’re not getting more than three weeks out of me.”

“Anko-san groped me. A couple of times, in fact.”

“Fine, five weeks, then.”

“Do you really think you’re in a position to be demanding anything?” Hatake asked indolently. He causally leaned back.

“Don’t.” Iruka snarled. “I’m losing my patience, and I’d rather not get into a fight and get blood all over my classroom. I can make Kurenai-sensei think you’re trying to steal Asuma-san from her and she can make your life a living hell. You get five weeks of these ‘favours’ from me, and that’s it.”

Hatake regarded him darkly for a moment. Iruka glared harder. He wasn’t going to guilted or bullied into more than what was fair. He was being more than generous with his terms and Hatake could shove it for all he cared!

Hatake’s eye suddenly crinkled into a happy arch. “Five weeks it is, then. Seven-thirty tonight! Wear something nice! Don’t be late!”

And then he was gone and Iruka was left with a headache and an impending sense of doom.