Katerina's Classroom Demonstration
by NS2000 

Katerina was experiencing the most mortifying day of her relatively young life: stripping completely naked and masturbating in front of a classroom of 9th grade students, including the younger brother of one of her friends. Worse, she realized that the experience was turning her on, and as she gently rubbed her clit while sitting spread-legged on the table in front of the students, she was filled with a combination of extreme embarrassment and lust.

She closed her eyes and put her head back, determined to get this horrible episode done with as soon as possible. She had just started to ramp up the rubbing of her pussy when she was jolted alert by the sound of a knock on the door.

"Hmmm," Ms. Weatherby said, "Let me see who this is." She walked over, slightly pulled the classroom door open, and stuck her head out.

Meanwhile, Katerina was put in the awkward position of pausing the stimulation on her clit while she waited to see who the visitor was. She heard Ms. Weatherby's voice, and the sound of a male voice responding. Katerina was anxious as she awaited what was to come next.

Finally, she heard Ms. Weatherby say, "Very well, come on in," as she opened the door and an older-looking boy with a camera and a notepad entered the room. Katerina turned beet red and moved to lower and close her legs and cover her boobs with her arm as the boy entered the room and cast a brief smile upon seeing her. Katerina felt herself blushing because she actually found him rather cute. Under different circumstances--well, who knows. But those were not those circumstances. She was completely naked, and masturbating, in front of a room full of students, and suddenly a stranger had entered the room.

"Forgive me, Katerina," Ms. Weatherby said. "This is Jared. He's a senior here, and is a reporter with the school newspaper. I had forgotten that the paper wanted to send a reporter to my classroom to do a story on you and your demonstration today. Jared, this is Katerina."

The tall, dark haired boy reached out his hand, and Katerina timidly took the arm she wasn't using to cover herself and shook it.

"Nice to meet you, Katerina," Jared said, smiling.

"I can get you up to speed with where we are in the lesson," Ms. Weatherby said. "Then, I imagine you'll have some questions for her. You're of course welcome to take some photos as well."

Katerina perked up at that statement. "Hold on," she said, "I thought you said no photos of me could be taken by anyone other than the students," she said.

"Well, Jared is a student too," Ms. Weatherby responded, "just not in this class. And as for the photos being shared outside of the classroom, your agreement--and the school's policy--stipulated that no students in this class could share any of the photos they are taking today outside of the class, which remains true. However, Jared works for the school newspaper, and we have found that educating students--and any parents who may read the paper--about this program has a lot of benefits, and is within the boundaries of acceptibility."

"Wait," Katerina protested, "so parents could see these photos?!"

"Only the ones Jared takes," Ms. Weatherby said. "But yes, that is a distinct possibility. Remember: you agreed to participate in this program, Ms. Katerina. You have done very well thus far, and it would be a real shame if I had to mark you as non-compliant based on everything you have done so far."

Katerina paused to think for a moment. Jared's arrival and the prospect of photos of her making the rounds outside of school--including to parents!--was absolutely mortifying. But, she knew she had to complete the program in a satisfactory manner. The worst possible outcome at this point would be to have gone through everything she had done so far, and still be marked as non-compliant and face jail time. That was unthinkable. So, Katerina felt she had no choice. She simply nodded.

"Very well Ms. Katerina, thank you. Now Jared, as I was saying, let me get you up to speed here. As you know, this program is all about getting students comfortable with seeing and talking about human bodies and human sexuality. So far today, we had Katerina remove articles of clothing while students closely examined and discussed her body, offered up comments and asked her questions. We have had Katerina display private parts of her body, including her vagina and her anus, for close inspection by the students so they can fully understand an adult female body and how the various parts work. And, just before you walked in, Katerina was demonstrating for us how she masturbates, and was going to show the classroom what she looks like when she reaches orgasm. That is where you walked in."

"OK, thanks for that," Jared responded. "That's really helpful. Would it be ok if I asked Katerina a few questions as well? Then I can take some photos and perhaps stick around for her orgasm. Is that alright?"

"That is absolutely fine," Ms. Weatherby said. "I want everyone in the school community to understand the value and benefit that students receive through this program."

Turning to Katerina, Ms. Weatherby said, "OK Katerina, I need you to stand up, stop covering yourself and display all of your body to Jared. And we can all listen in to the interview as well."

Katerina swallowed hard as she lifted herself off the table, her boobs and ass jiggling slightly, placed her arms at her sides and stood in front of Jared fully naked.

"Thank you," Jared said. Turning to Ms. Weatherby he asked, "Actually though, would it be ok if Katerina did the interview sitting on the table with her legs up and spread? I think ensuring that she is fully exposed for the interview would be helpful context to add."

"Yes of course," Ms. Weatherby said. "Ms. Katerina, would you kindly climb back on the table, place your feet on the edge and spread your legs so that Jared has a complete and unobstructed view if your genitals and pubic region while he interviews you?"

Katerina blushed profusely--she would never get used to this horrifying invasion of her privacy. But she proceeded to do as asked, and soon Jared had pulled a chair around to sit in front of her, her crotch exactly at eye level, while the students all craned their necks to see and listened with rapt attention.

"OK, Jared said, "I have just a few questions for you, which will add some nice color to the piece I am working on. First of all, can you please state your name and age?"

Katerina swallowed hard before responding--doing an interview as exposed as she was at this moment was incredibly distracting. "Yes, um, my name is Katerina Jenkins. I am 23 years old."

"Great," said Jared. "And um, let's see. It looks like you're here because of some mandated behavioral modification program ordered by a judge. Correct?"

"Yes, um, that's right. I, uh, I...I got too many traffic tickets for bad driving and the judge said I either could do this or I had to do time in jail. So I chose this."

"Interesting," said Jared. "OK. So, it sounds from Ms. Weatherby here that you've already gone through a big part of your demonstration today, where the students closely looked at and examined every part of your body. Tell me, how has the experience been for you?"

Katerina had to pause briefly before answering. "Well, uh, it's been awful, really. I don't think anyone would enjoy having to expose themselves like this to a bunch of students. It's terribly embarassing."

"But that was kind of the point of making you do this, wasn't it?" Jared asked.

"Um, yeah, I guess so," said Katerina.

"So, let me ask, what has been the worst part so far?"

Once again, Katerina paused to collect her thoughts before responding. "Well honestly, all of it has been really awful."

"Sure," said Jared, "but surely there's been a part you've found to be particularly difficult?"

"Um, I guess yeah," Katerina stammered. "I mean, when the students were saying things about individual parts of my body, and like judging me and stuff, that was especially bad."

"What do you mean?" Jared pressed.

"Well, like," Katerina replied, "they were saying things about how my breasts looked, or how they thought my butt looked when I was wearing clothes versus when I was naked. Some were nice comments, but others weren't very nice. So that was very hard to go through."

"I see," Jared said. "So you can see why this might be an effective punishment, then?"

"Oh yes, very much," Katerina said, to a few snickers from the students, all of whom were hunched forward in their desks, listening with rapt attention.

"Got it," said Jared. "Now, I’ve asked you about what you liked least. However, looking at you--" and here, Jared made a point of directing his attention to Katerina's dripping vagina--"it seems there are parts of this you actually have enjoyed. Can you tell me about that?"

Oh god, Katerina thought. This just could not get any worse.

"Uh, yeah, I don't know really..." she trailed off.

"Oh come on," Jared urged. "I know what an excited girl looks like. You're clearly quite aroused. I would love to get your thoughts on that, please."

Katerina looked pleadingly at Ms. Weatherby, who simply raised an eyebrow at her.

Katerina sighed, before answering. "Yeah, ok. I don't know really, but I guess there's something wrong with my brain that is making me feel like this is a stimulating situation. Like, I am incredibly embarrassed--I am being totally honest about that. But also...also, I guess it's a little...I don't know...exciting? I guess?"

Jared smiled as he jotted down these answers in his notepad.

"What is exciting about it?" he asked.

"Well," Katerina paused. "I dunno. But, like...I guess people seeing me? Like, all of me, including the stuff people don't usually see? And many of them are taking pictures, and I know a lot of them are going to go home and practice masturbating with them later." Again a few kids chuckled, and some nodded.

"So, yeah...I guess there's just something about that my brain finds to be a turn-on. I dunno. But anyway the fact that you can like see me like this--" and here Katerina gestured down at her spread legs--"is itself really embarassing. I guess what I'm saying is there are a lot of mixed feelings here."

Jared nodded, continuing to scribble down notes.

"And what is your message to the students, both here in the classroom and others who will be reading this story in the school paper? What do you want them to take away from this?"

Katerina had to think for a moment before answering. "I guess...I guess it's that everyone's body is different in some ways, and sex is natural and fun. But it's also a private thing, so while I guess it is good that the students here have a chance to experience something like this, I really do not want to be here and do not feel good about sharing myself like this. My body is private and the students really shouldn't get to see all of my body like this."

Ms. Weatherby rose to interject: "Then you shouldn't have volunteered for this punishment," she said. Katerina merely nodded.

Jared nodded as well, and turned to Ms. Weatherby. "That's all the questions I have for Katerina. Would you mind if I asked one of your students a couple of questions as well?"

"Not at all," Ms. Weatherby said. Turning to the class she asked, "Do any students want to volunteer to answer a couple of questions from Jared for his story?"

Several hands went up--including Blake's, quite enthusiastically.

Jared pointed at him. "You--what's your name?"

"Blake Hillier," Blake responded.

"And what have you enjoyed most about today's program so far?" Jared asked.

"Well, I really liked that we could look at Katerina's body so closely, and really learn what a female body looks like. And it has been cool hearing about how she likes sex and has sex with her boyfriend. And then seeing her body get turned on and having her start masturbating, that was really cool too."

"So it sounds you've liked all of today's program, then?" Jared as with a smile.

"Oh yeah, definitely," said Blake, to laughter from the other students.

"What would you say is your favorite part of Katerina's body, Blake?" Jared asked. Katerina blushed heavily at this question, and of being forced to listen to her friend's brother describe her this way.

"Well, uh, I like a lot of it," Blake said, "but probably her butt. It looks really good. And her hips, definitely."

"And your least favorite?" Jared followed.

"Well, hmmm…probably her boobs, I guess," Blake said, smirking. "I mean, they're ok I guess, but they’re a little droopy and I've seen better." Several of the students laughed, while Katerina blushed beet red and could only think, asshole!

"Thank you, Blake," said Jared, as he scribbled down a few notes. “Last question: it looks like you’ve been taking a lot of photos today. What benefit do you think those will have?”

Blake smiled and shifted in his seat. “Well, I’m definitely going to look at them often!” More chuckles came from the class. “I got a lot of good close-ups so I’ll be able to zoom in really closely. And, uh…well she’s friends with my sister, so I’ll probably see her often. And I’ll know even when she’s wearing clothes exactly what her body looks like. So really, it’s like she will always be naked around me. And I think that will help me understand better what women’s bodies all look like, even when they’re dressed.”

"OK," Jared said. “Thank you again, Blake.” Turning to Katerina, Jared said, “I'd like to get some photos now, and then I'll stick around to watch your masturbation and orgasm."

Jared grabbed his camera. "OK, you can just stay like that for now," he said. Pointing his camera at her crotch, he proceeded to take several photos of her spread legs, while Katerina blushed profusely. He stood up, put the camera lens just inches from her pussy, and took several shots.

"Hey, could you pull your lips apart so I can get some interior shots, please," Jared asked. Katerina, overcome with embarrassment, reluctantly complied, and reached around with both hands to pull her outer lips apart. Again, she heard the shutter sound as Jared sook several photos of her most private place.

Then he stood up. "OK, let's get a few full body shots." Katerina climbed down off the table and stood before Jared.

"Let's get a few with your arms at your sides," Jared said, snapping off photos. Katerina stood at attention, her arms beside her, as Jared moved to photograph every inch of her naked body.

"I want to focus in on your breasts for a couple of shots, since your classmate mentioned them," Jared said, as he moved the camera close in and took photographs of each tit from merely inches away.

"OK, turn around please," Jared asked, and Katerina turned completely around to display her ass and backside to Jared, who continued snapping photos.

"Can you pull your butt cheeks apart, please," he asked. Katerina thought she would die--were these photos really all necessary, she wondered? How many would end up in the actual story, and how many were simply for Jared's own private collection?

Again reluctantly, she reached around and pulled her cheeks apart, giving Jared an unobstructed view of her puckered opening. She heard the camera shutter going off repeatedly.

"OK, great," Jared said. "Just one more. Ms. Weatherby, could we have one of your students come up here? I would like to shoot an action shot of the classroom demonstration. Maybe they could be inspecting Katerina's breasts?"

"OK," said Ms. Weatherby, "but do you expect touching? We have a strict Don't Touch rule here."

"I was hoping to get a hands-on photo, so to speak," said Jared. "This would simply be for the newspaper--not as part of the actual program."

"I am sorry," Ms. Weatherby interjected, "but I simply cannot allow that. We have very strict rules in place that forbid students touching the models in any way. Unfortunately, that part is quite clear."

Jared thought for a moment. "Well, ok. Could we have a photo of YOU examining Katerina's breasts? You aren't a student, and again I would really like to demonstrate the practical, hands-on nature of this demonstration as part of the story."

Ms. Weatherby thought for a moment, while Katerina looked on with increasing concern. "Well, very well. I have never been asked to participate in this way, but I suppose you make a good point--I want everyone to recognize the value of this program. And you are right, there is nothing that says I as the adult instructor cannot engage directly with the model."

Katerina let out an audible gasp. WHAT, she thought. Ms. Weatherby was going to feel her up? She looked at the teacher pleadingly. As if reading her thoughts, Ms. Weatherby said, "I know we had not discussed this, Ms. Katerina, however I do think it will be helpful to portray the program in the most positive light possible, and that includes showing the value students get from a hands-on demonstration. There is nothing that forbids this--it simply hasn't been done before."

Katerina swallowed hard, realizing that she had lost this battle. he couldn't believe that the classroom teacher was about to set her hands on her chest--surely this was outside the bounds of the punishment? Or maybe not? Katerina wanted to cry. Instead, she steeled herself for whatever was to come.

"Excellent," Jared said. He gestured to Ms. Weatherby. "OK, I'd like you to stand off to the side--after all, we want to present a clear view of Katerina's chest. And then, I want you to grope her breasts--think of it like doing a breast exam or something, but make it seem like you are pointing out to the class Katerina's breasts. Remember, this is an action shot, so you should really work to feel and massage her boobs. I'll take photos as you proceed."

"That sounds acceptable," Ms. Weatherby said, as she moved around her desk and walked up to stand aside Katerina, facing the class.

"Ms. Katerina," Ms. Weatherby said, "please keep your arms at your sides. I will be highlighting various aspects of your breasts for the class, so that Jared can get some photos for the story." Katerina merely looked forward, nodding imperceptibly.

"OK," Jared said, holding the camera up, "ready when you are."

Ms. Weatherby reached around the front of Katerina's body with her right hand, and cupped Katerina's left breast, causing Katerina to gasp. Ms. Weatherby's warm, soft hand pillowed Katerina's left boob as she described for the class Katerina's boob in intricate detail, all while Jared snapped photos.

"OK class, as we know Katerina's boobs are C cup-sized. In spite of their medium size, they are rather lightweight," and here she bounced the boob in her hand a couple of times, causing the flesh to jiggle. "Each of her breasts weighs maybe a pound or two. And as you can see—“ and here she gave the breast a gentle squeeze—“the breast tissue is very pliable, which makes it easy to squeeze and manipulate. Also, note how Katerina’s breasts droop downwards on her chest. As we discussed, some women have firm, perky breasts which stand out in a more pronounced way. Katerina’s breasts however are not as firm, and thus sag downwards on her chest. Typically, firmer breasts are considered more desirable, but—as we discussed—what we find attractive comes down to personal tastes.”

The sound of the shutter on Jared's camera continued to go off, as he walked around to get photos from different angles, while Ms. Weatherby continued.

"Here is her areola," Ms. Weatherby said, letting the boob drop to jiggle and finally rest against Katerina's chest, as she circled the light brown patch of skin with her index finger. "The areola is made of tougher skin than the remainder of the breast. Some women have nicely circular and well-defined areolas, in contrast to Katerina’s, which are irregular in shape and with poorly defined borders. Again, I am not saying this is good or bad—it is just how her breasts appear.”

“And of course, this is the nipple," and here, Ms. Weatherby gently brushed her finger over Katerina's nipple, causing it to stiffen involuntarily.

"As we see, when the female is aroused, as Katerina is here, rubbing or gently tugging on the nipple can cause it to become erect.”

Katerina could not believe how her body was betraying her, but Ms. Weatherby’s finger brushing her nipple was undoubtedly causing her to become more aroused. She swallowed hard and tried to grit her teeth through this embarrassing ordeal.

Ms. Weatherby allowed Jared a few more photos before stepping away.

“That was great, and I know our readers will really appreciate it,” Jared said. “Do you think you could do a similar anatomy lesson with her vaginal region, so I can include that as well? I think there’s a great opportunity here for a large pictorial feature on today’s demonstration, and I’d love to include photos of you examining both her boobs and her pubic region.”

Again, Ms. Weatherby paused to think, before nodding her head. “Alright I guess,” she said. “This is all rather unconventional, but is important I think for the documentation of the thoroughness of the demonstration. Katerina, would you please climb on the table and spread your legs so that I can provide a hands-on demonstration of your vaginal area?”

Katerina literally thought this would end her. How could things possibly get worse? She was beginning to seriously regret not accepting the prison sentence. She was worried today’s experience would remain with her forever.

Regretfully, she climbed onto the table yet again, and resumed the now-familiar position of her knees up and apart, fully exposing her private region.

Ms. Weatherby moved to stand beside her, and waited until Jared was in position with his camera before proceeding.

“Now class, obviously we’ve already had a discussion of the female anatomy, but to ensure Jared has an opportunity to thoroughly document our lesson today and to make certain you recall everything we discussed, I’ll go through it again.”

“Here is her mons pubis,” Ms. Weatherby said, placing her hand on the puffy area above her vaginal lips. “A woman’s most visible patch of pubic hair grows here, and we can see that while Katerina does keep hers shaved, there remains visible stubble. The mons pubis sits above the vagina and in front of the vaginal canal and womb. Now, let’s move on.”

Katerina inhaled sharply as Ms. Weatherby bent down, reached out her right hand, and grasped Katerina’s left outer labia.

“This is Katerina’s outer labia—the first of two pairs of lips that guard the entrance to her vagina. Note the thickness, deep coloration, and flexibility.” Here, Ms. Weatherby stretched out the labia to demonstrate its elasticity. Katerina continued taking deep, measured breaths.

“The crinkled, dark tissue protruding outwards from between her outer labia are Katerina’s inner labia,” the teacher continued. “Recall, some women have more exposed inner labia than others. Some of you felt this made Katerina’s pubic region less attractive, others did not care. Whether you find it appealing or not, it’s all personal preference, and nothing the woman can control.”

Katerina closed her eyes at the bluntness and humiliating description of her private parts, made worse by Ms. Weatherby’s fingers holding onto her outer lips.

“Now, I will proceed to pull Katerina’s inner lips apart to give you a view of her vagina. Unfortunately, we do not have a speculum available, which would provide a much clearer and unobstructed view into her vagina and to her cervix, so this will have to do.”

Katerina inhaled sharply and let out an involuntary squeak as Ms, Weatherby used both hands to grab hold of her inner pussy lips and pull them apart.

“Now, Ms. Katerina, I need to ask you to retain your composure. Even though the slickness and lubrication I am feeling on your lips indicates you are highly aroused, I need you to maintain decorum until I’ve finished the lesson.”

Katerina didn’t think she could be any more humiliated. Meanwhile, though it all, Jared was maneuvering around with his camera, taking photos of the demonstration from every angle.

Taking care to stay out of the way as much as possible, Ms. Weatherby proceeded. “Now look here, students,” she said, while pulling Katerina’s lips as far apart as she could. “You’ll see her urethra and, just below it the entrance into Katerina’s vagina. Note the light pink coloration of her vaginal walls. Note also how they are lightly ribbed and coated in her natural lubricant. This provides a stimulating and pleasurable feeling for the male’s penis when he is having intercourse with Katerina. Eventually, the male is stimulated to orgasm, and he ejaculates sperm into Katerina’s vagina. We can’t see the back of her vagina, but most females have a depth of 4-6 inches. At the back would be her cervix, which is the entrance to her womb. When her male partner ejaculates into her, sperm enters the cervix and—if she is fertile—fertilizes the egg. Can everyone see?”

Every student’s neck craned forward while affirmative “yeahs” drifted throughout the room. All the while Jared kept taking photos with his camera of Katerina’s exposed vagina. At one point, Ms. Weatherby motioned him over for a close-up, and Katerina could swear she could feel his camera lens on her pussy lips.

“Ok, I’m going to move on,” the teacher said, as Jared stepped back and she released her hold on Katerina’s pussy lips, allowing her hole to close once more.

“Now, the clitoris—this as we have discussed is the female’s central organ for sexual stimulation. As we can see, as Katerina is currently quite sexually aroused, her clitoris has emerged from beneath its hood. Here, I’ll show you.”

Katerina nearly jumped out of her skin as Ms. Weatherby used the thumb and middle finger on her hand to pry back her clitoral hood. Jared crouched down directly in front of her so that he could capture as many photos as he could.

“Some people describe the clitoris as shaped like a small flower,” the teacher said. “And with Katerina’s clitoral hood pulled back, you can see why. Feel free to come closer if you are having difficulty seeing this from your desks.”

Several students from the back row stood up and moved forward, while those in the front scooted their desks forward for a better view.

Ms. Weatherby continued her lecture. “Right now, Ms. Katerina’s clitoris is both very erect and well lubricated with her natural juices. If her male sexual partner was with her right now, she would be ready for penetration and intercourse. However, we do not have that today, and so will have to make due with stimulating her clitoris via other means.”

Meanwhile, Katerina’s mind was raging with mixed emotions. On the one hand, it would be impossible for her to imagine anything more embarrassing than this. This would outlive anything else she would do in her life, she was certain. On the other hand, she increasingly wanted—no, needed—release. In spite of everything she had gone through this day, she realized that the one thing she wanted right now more than anything was to cum.

“Jared,” Ms. Weatherby asked, turning to the senior boy standing next to her with the camera, “shall I continue, or shall we allow Ms. Katerina to finish up on her own?”

He thought for a moment, then responded, “Actually, perhaps you might be willing to continue and bring Katerina to orgasm yourself? I know that was not in the initial plans, but I am really getting some great shots and content to include in the school paper, and I think it would be a great testament to the program if the students and parents could see how hands on and involved you, the teacher, are in this lesson.”

Ms. Weatherby, still holding up Katerina’s clitoral hood, thought for a moment. Then said, “Very well, I agree this seems to be going nicely, and I do agree that my involvement demonstrates to everyone the professionalism with which we approach this lesson.”

She turned to Katerina. “Ms. Katerina, seeing as how we have already come this far, and given Jared’s need to provide good content about the program in the school publication, I will proceed with stimulating your clitoris to orgasm.”

Katerina involuntarily gasped, both with shock and embarrassment, and with excitement at what was happening. She did not want to be enjoying this—literally everything in her brain was telling her to run away. And yet, it was undeniable that she was also immensely turned on. And what could she do? Clearly Ms. Weatherby was committed to finishing the lesson herself at this point, and she couldn’t back out now.

She merely nodded and lowered her head onto the table, staring up at the ceiling for what would become the single most embarrassing moment of her young life.

“Ok class, now, I want you to be respectful. But I also want you to take in this moment while I bring Katerina to orgasm. Study closely her movements, her sounds, how her body responds to stimulation. Please take as many photos and videos as you wish, and let this aid you in your own sexual
journeys.”

Katerina could hear what sounded like every student taking out their phones and recording. Jared situated himself directly between her legs so he could get closeups of Ms. Weatherby’s efforts.

“Ok class, I will begin clitoral stimulation now. And Katerina,” the teacher said, “as much as you are able, please describe for the students what you are experiencing. We want this to be as useful to them as possible.”

Without waiting for a response, she moved her index and middle fingers onto Katerina’s lubricated clitoris and began making slow, circular motions. Katerina gasped, and involuntarily spread her legs wider.

“What you are seeing students,” Ms. Weatherby said, “is Katerina surrendering control of her body. At this point, she likely needs to be fully stimulated to orgasm, or she will feel very frustrated. Please tell the class what you are feeling right now, Katerina.”

In between gasps, Katerina replied, “Um…uh, yeah…uh, oh god…ok, it uh, I don’t know how to describe it but there’s just an amazing…pleasure emanating from between my legs. OH GOD.” She squirmed as a small ripple of pleasure echoed through her body. Her toes curled on the edge of the table, while the students remained in rapt attention with their phones out.

“I feel…very close right now,” Katerina continued. “In spite…of everything today…oh god…this feels amazing…oh oh ohhhhhh…”

Ms. Weatherby began stroking Katerina’s clit more vigorously with her thumb, switching to an up and down motion.

“Ms. Katerina’s clitoris is very sensitive right now,” Ms. Weatherby said to the class, as she continued to glide her fingers up and down the erect nub. “And I can confirm that she is indeed quite close to orgasm. Observe how she is squirming and breathing more heavily. Soon, she will be unable to hold back and we will witness her body fully in the throes of a powerful orgasm.”

The teacher continued stroking Katerina’s pussy, as the students watched closely. Katerina’s breathing increased to the point where she was nearly panting. She spread her legs as wide as she could, encouraging the teacher to go faster.

“I’m…I’m very close, students,” she stammered. She began involuntarily raising her pelvis off of the table, beckoning for Ms. Weatherby to continue. She began thrusting into the teacher’s direction, and reached out with her hands to grip the sides of the table.

In between ragged breaths, Katerina said, “I am…I’m going to cum soon…very soon…ohgod ohgod ohgod YES YES YESSSSSSS”

Casting every ounce of modesty aside, a tide carrying the strongest orgasm she had ever felt washed over Katerina’s body. A stream of her body’s lubricants shot out of her pussy and across the floor, landing with a splat directly in front of Jared. She convulsed repeatedly, bucking her hips and screaming indecipherable words. She felt as if she had departed the world, and was beyond in ecstasy. The students all watched, slack jawed, as the orgasm ripped through her body.

Finally, the wave began to subside, and she felt Ms. Weatherby pull her hand away. Her extremely sensitive clitoris remained at full attention, twitching slightly with every beat of her pulse. Katerina was covered in sweat, and felt like she’d had an out of body experience.

She lay there for some time, the room silent except for her breaths and the click of the shutter on Jared’s camera. And she tried to process what had just happened, as she sensed the teacher stand up, and walk over to get some paper towels so Katerina could begin to clean up.


