First Public Orgasm
by Collen102186

My first exploration into public exposure and submission.

As a younger woman I behaved myself and played the role of a good girl, but now as a divorced mother of 3 I am looking to make up for lost time. I have tried to keep myself in shape, but I am well into my thirties. When I look at myself naked in a mirror, I know that my body is OK, but I don't look as good as I did when I was in my mid-twenties. I do keep in shape, I weigh about 120 lbs, I am 5 ft 2 and with B cup breasts. I think the best part of my body is my ass, I often get complimented on it and love it when I do.

A few months ago, I started to spend time a very confident, successful man in his mind fifties. He is very dominant, and I am starting to discover a submissive side to myself that I never knew existed. I am not complaining, the sex is amazing, I am loving every second of exploring these feelings, but I am doing things I would never have thought I would do.

One example of my experiencing new things happened recently. K had told me that we would be going to a high-end party, and he had some ideas on what I should wear. I got dressed, but when I arrived at his house he kissed me, held my hand, and led me into the bedroom. Lying on the bed was a black cocktail dress that looked far more expensive than anything I had ever bought for myself, and a pair of heels with those expensive red soles. K told me to strip, I did it and in a moment, I was standing completely naked in front of this handsome man dressed in a tuxedo. I struggled to keep my hands at my sides as his eyes ran over me. I felt my nipples starting to harden as he looked at my body, and when he reached out and his fingertips touched me, I realized how excited I was. He ran his hands over my shoulders and arms, my breasts, moving down to my stomach and hips. Slowly his hand reached between my legs, and as he slowly slipped one finger into me. I moaned loudly and as his finger pressed against me and I felt my legs begin to shake. I felt the waves of pleasure run through my body, and I leaned into him. The feeling of his tuxedo against my naked skin turned me on even more, and I felt myself getting closer to orgasm. To my immense chagrin he pulled his finger out before I could finish, I was right on the edge and my whole body felt tense and at the same time every nerve ending was sensitized.

"Time is passing mine" K said, and I was shocked. He had never called me that before and the thought of being possessed by this man thrilled me. Reaching into his pocket he removed a gold chocker, and fastened it around my neck, before he lifted the dress, instructing me to just wear it and nothing underneath. This would be the first time in my life that I had gone wearing no underwear, I was apprehensive but at the same time exciting.

We arrived at the party and walking in I felt the smooth material of the dress against the bare skin of my breasts, feeling my body move beneath it as I walk. Everyone at the party was good looking, I was not the youngest but not the eldest person there either. We mixed and mingled, K talking my arm and leading me around, introducing me to everyone. Servers walked around with trays carrying champagne and appetizers, and the evening was passing well.

As the evening progressed K led me onto the balcony, and we admired the view I felt his arms reach around my body, as he kissed my neck and shoulders. His hand slid under my dress, and he lifted it slightly so his fingers could caress my pussy. I pressed my ass against him as both hands were now under my dress. Lifting it, exposing me as we stood in the dark, looking over the city lights. K continued to kiss my neck and shoulders, his fingers moving on my body as I felt the cook night air kiss my bare skin. With one swift move he pulled my dress over my head, and in a moment, I was standing there naked, just wearing the chocker I had been given earlier and a pair of heels. I closed my eyes as my body responded to him, not caring that I was naked on a balcony, visible to anyone who chose to look up. With a start I realized that I could feel his cock between my legs, pressing against my pussy lips. I pushed my ass back, and K took my hand and made me lick my own fingers before taking them down and making me lubricate my pussy. I head his assured voice talking to me

"Mine, put my cock inside you, and play with your clit. Make yourself cum for me."

I pushed his cock into my wet pussy, and as he started to fuck me, I followed his instructions, playing with my clit. It only seemed like moments before I felt the orgasm rip through my body. I cried out, not caring who heard as I came on his big cock fucking me. My body so stimulated I moaned with every thrust from him. After a few moments K pulled out and turned me around. Again, he pushed on my shoulders, and I was kneeling naked sucking his cock, tasting myself on his cock. He has his hand on the back of my head, pushing his cock deeper into my mouth as he fucked my face. I felt him shudder and then he filled my mouth with his cum, filling my mouth with his seed. He pulled away, and fastening his pants he turned and walked back into the party, leaving me kneeling naked on the ground swallowing his cum trying to regain my composure.

Looking up, I saw two people looking at me, and an elder lady waked onto the balcony, and handed me my dress.

"That was very nice, my dear," she said to me as I tried to cover my nakedness "Now go and fix your hair and makeup and rejoin you Master."

Several minutes later, after cleaning myself up, I found K in the party. We carried on mixing and mingling as we drank and talked. The evening progressed, and music started, and several couples began to dance. We put our drinks down and started to dance. Pressing against his body, I felt the rhythm of the music and my head swam slightly as the alcohol started to hit me. I felt K's hand on my ass, and then sliding lower as his hand slipped under my dress. One again I allowed him to slowly raise my dress, forgetting that this time we were inside. People we around us, and my naked ass was now exposed and clearly visible to anyone who looked over.

We danced with his hand on my bare ass, until I heard an indistinct voice behind me. I felt K nod, and I heard his calm voice say,

"Yes of course Mrs S, feel free."

With that long cold finger ran over my ass, before slipping around my hips until they found my pussy and started to stroke me. I did not resist. K spun me around, so I was facing the older lady from earlier, as I looked into her eyes her fingers slid into my wet pussy. I felt K change his grip on me to pull my arms behind my head with one hand, his other hand holding my dress up exposing my pussy to the older lady playing with my pussy. I felt the tension, the pressure within my body build as her skillful fingers drove me closer to orgasm. My knees started to buckle, but K's strong grip kept me standing there. I looked deeply into her eyes, and then felt myself start to cum. I moaned, groaned as I came, her fingers wringing the orgasm out of me. After a few moments she pulled her fingers out, and rising her hand put her fingers into my mouth, making me lick them clean. As K let my dress drop back and cover me, I looked around and realized that all eyes were upon us, I had just come in front of a room full of people.

We arrived back at K's place, he pulled me into his arms kissing me passionately. I was breathless as I we kissed, my body like a rag doll in his arms. K turned away from me and went to sit in a big leather chesterfield chair. He beckoned me, and I walked over to stand in front of him. He looked into my eyes

"Did you enjoy tonight?" He asked.

I thought for a while before I answered, in a small voice

"Yes... yes I did enjoy it"

He leaned forward and grasping the hem of my dress he stood and slowly lifted the dress over my head. He sat back down and told me to kneel. As I did, he pushed my knees apart, exposing my pussy to him and he started stroking my pussy as he kissed me softly.

"From now on, when you come here you will wear that necklace, and you will be naked as often as I desire. You will obey me; your sole aim will be to satisfy my desires and in doing so you will find the pleasure that you crave."

Since that night I have been naked a great deal, and the sex has been better than ever as we have started to explore what submission means. I cannot wait to go further along this path and see where it, where he leads us.
