HAYLEY RIDES THE PUNISHMENT SADDLE

BY MASTERANON

Disclaimer: This work contains graphic descriptions of a ride on
an electric torture saddle and a punishment enema. It is not
intended for reading or downloading by anyone under the age of
18. If this subject offends you, do not read on. All portions of
this story are fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead
is purely coincidental.

Electric punishment methods described in this story can be
dangerous and should not be tried in real life.

The author does not condone any sexual act with children under
the age of consent. This fantasy is intended for adult age play
and should be tried only with consenting adults. Act out these
punishment scenes at your own risk!

George and Linda sat at the kitchen table. Tonight was the last
straw, they had tried everything to get Haley to be a good girl
but nothing seemed to work. George and Linda wanted to be good
parents, to bring their daughter up to be a respectful girl and
to know that their rules must be obeyed. They believed in strict
discipline.

Hayley had been spanked whenever she disobeyed in the past, but
lately she seemed to almost laugh at their efforts to discipline
her. The spanking did not work any more. Hayley had grown to
accept them and to tolerate them and would happily accept a
spanking instead of obeying the rules.

Hayley got a lot of attention from the boys at school. She was
quite pretty with her long strawberry blonde hair and her green
eyes. She was just starting to blossom out. Hayley was 5ft 4in
tall and 95 pounds. She had small breasts and her legs were long
and thin. She was just starting to become a "hottie". The problem
was that she knew this and enjoyed her new found power, the power
to tempt and to get attention from boy friends.

So there sat George and Linda talking it over. Would they really
follow through with their threat?

"Hayley, if you don't start behaving with respect to us, we are
going to turn over your punishments to a punishment service. They
will know how to get a girl like you under control. You better
behave or I swear we'll do it!" threatened Linda earlier that
very evening just after Hayley was caught sneaking a phone call
after her appointed bed time.

Linda had spanked Hayley on the spot. She caught the girl on the
phone under her bed covers talking to a school mate about boys.
Hayley was immediately pulled off the bed and over her mom's lap.
Her panties were pulled down and Linda laid into to the girl with
a hairbrush that was used for this purpose. Hayley was soon
wailing and kicking and crying, but Linda knew that this was
mostly an act because it was the third spanking Hayley had this
week! The girl just kept breaking the rules.

"It's like Hayley doesn't really mind getting her butt spanked",
said George. "Maybe she's a chip off the ole block." George's eye
twinkled at Linda. They both knew that Linda was submissive. She
liked playing master and slave games with her husband.

"It could be. I know that at her age I had feelings like this. I
dreamed of being owned and made to obey. Maybe Hayley takes after
me", Linda replied.

Linda got a thrill when George would make her obey him especially
if he enforced the game with his belt. Linda loved to be forced
to suck and to get screwed hard by her husband. She even liked
him to tie her and have a male friend over for some humiliation
and forced sex! Linda and George enjoyed quite a kinky sex life.
Maybe Hayley had some of this inside her and she was disobeying
to actually get punished! Maybe Hayley secretly liked getting in
trouble so she could get spanked.

"Should we try the punishment service? You know the people we met
at the Bondage Club party last week. That Master John seemed to
know his stuff. The presentation he made was pretty convincing",
said George.

"I was impressed. He sure seemed to know about punishing girls",
snickered Linda. She remembered the presentation well. The
Punishment Service was a local group of people that offered
themselves as a service to singles or couples with out of control
teens. The service was also available to couples who wanted to
experience punishment that was real and not playful as part of
their own relationship. Master John had been invited to the
Bondage Club's monthly party to present his Punishment Service to
the members of the club. There was a lot of interest too!

"Ok let's call this Master John fellow and see what he
recommends. It won't hurt to ask and maybe his service can help
us keep Hayley in line", suggested George. And so it was set. A
call to Master John resulted in a meeting a few days later and
plans were made for Hayley's introduction to the Punishment
Service

**************

It was late Friday night and George was surprised to see the van
pull into his driveway. "Impressive", he thought. The punishment
Service responded just like they said. It had been only a half
hour since he called them. Hayley was in her room with the door
locked. She thought she was safe from punishment.

Linda had discovered marijuana in Hayley's closet hidden in an
old shoe box. George and Linda had been suspicious of their
daughter for some tome now so they used the occasion of Hayley's
Friday night date to search her room. Sure enough there was the
horrible discovery, Hayley had been smoking dope and that
explained why spankings did almost no good. The girl would get
high and felt little of her punishment. Well, tonight's ordeal
would be different because the Punishment Service had been called
in. Hayley had been threatened with this and the girl would learn
to rue this day.

George answered the door. There was Master John plus two older
women. They looked stern and as George welcomed them in and
explained, he couldn't help but see how serious these people
were...

"No problem", said Master John. "We have lots of experience
dealing with girls Hayley's age. Many times the girls are street
hardened sluts and we are able to effect quite a change in even
these girls, so don't worry we will see that Miss Hayley learns
her lesson. You should watch and learn tonight. We will be using
a punishment saddle on Hayley and you may want to think about
getting your own if you like the results." With that said the two
women followed George and Linda up to Hayley's room while Master
John went back to the van to get his equipment.

Things proceeded quickly. The women stormed into Hayley's room.
The locked door gave way quickly to their combined strength and
Hayley, alarmed at the door being broken open, tried to run. She
was hauled back to her bed and the women quickly stripped her
naked. Before Hayley knew it she was laying totally naked on her
back on the bed with two strong women at each side holding the
struggling teen down!

Hayley started to promise" Mom! Dad! I'll be good I'm sorry.
Please don't let these Punishment Service people hurt me"

"Hayley shut up! You will not be injured but your getting a good
punishment and you deserve this", said Linda. "We warned you that
the Punishment Service was going to come if you didn't follow our
simple rules and now finding your pot stash was the very last
straw! You're to be taught a good lesson tonight. We instructed
Master John to make sure you were plenty sorry before he's
through with you. I would say that starting tonight, you will be
a good girl or you'll be getting this treatment often."

"Mom, No! I do promiseI'll be good. I'll do as you and Dad say!
Please make them go away", pleaded the distressed girl. But it
was too late; Master John entered the bed room carrying a large
bag and a strange looking stool.

"Hayley I am Master John and I see you've already met Mistress
Ann and Mistress Jade. They are here to help me with your ride on
the punishment saddle tonight. You will do exactly as we say or
you will be given a double dose of punishment. My Mistress
friends are here to ensure that you obey. This is your first and
only warning. If you fail to follow orders or hesitate to obey
me, the mistresses will see that you get it twice as bad."

Hayley began to cry. This was an impossible situation. She was
trapped. Her parents just stood there smiling at her
embarrassment. She was naked and Master John had a full view of
her virginal charms.

The girl was so pretty. She had strawberry blonde hair and
peaches and cream skin. Her nipples were pink and showed signs of
arousal. They topped perky little breasts. The girl's legs were
slim and long. She had a flat belly with a plump pussy mound
sparsely covered with pubic hair and the little slit was tight
concealing her inner lips and clit.

Master John set to work. He emptied the bag out on a nearby
table. In it was rope, some kind of electrical box with wires,
and a rubber enema bag with lots of tubes and nozzles...

"Spread her up and back, well need to shave the girl", ordered
the Master. Ann and Jade each quickly grabbed an ankle and rocked
the girl's legs up and back so her knees were at her shoulders.
This spread the girl's legs wide opening her up for all to see.
Hayley had a very pretty little pussy and a tight pink asshole.
There was very little hair since the girl was a real blonde. Her
mound was so soft and the lips were tight and now barely peaked
out from their hiding place deep in her slit.

"We'll have to remove all the girls pubic hair for her ride on
the punishment saddle", explained Master John. Linda was sent to
get some hot water and towels, and soon Hayley was lathered up.
He girl was pinned to the mattress as her legs were pushed back
and down by the Mistress Ann and Jade. Hayley could only cry as
she felt the master shaving her most secrete places. The Master
made quick work of shaving Hayley between her legs.

George and Linda look on in awe at the efficient work of there
people. Already they could tell it was having a big effect on
Hayley as she was crying and begging and the punishment was yet
to start!

Soon the girl was smooth and bare as the day she was born. Hayley
looked so tender between her legs and George smiled to himself
knowing what was to come. George and Linda had discussed many
different punishment options with Master John. It was Linda,
Hayley's Mom, who picked the punishment saddle for Hayley. And as
George glanced at his wife, he could tell she was getting into
this situation. He thought that he would have to arrange for
Linda to ride on the saddle sometime too.

"OK now your about ready for your ride, Hayley", said the Master.
"But first, you'll need to have a good cleaning". To the girls
horror Master John produced a red rubber enema bag and proceeded
to go to the bathroom to fill it with hot soapy water!

Hayley felt the Master's rubber gloved finger at her little
asshole. With no hesitation, Master John plunged up her butt with
a load of Vick's VapoRub as lubricant. The girl squealed. It
burned!! It burned her little asshole bad. The Master paid no
attention and the Mistresses just held Hayley tighter so she
could not get away. The Master's hot finger worked in and out
over and over stretching and working the burning grease into her
tender anus.

The bag was hung on a high hook and the big black nozzle was
rammed up her butt. Hayley cried and begged as the hose clamp was
opened and the hot soapy water began to surge into her gut and
swell her belly.

"Enjoy your drink, Miss. Soon you'll be wishing this enema was
your punishment. I have bad news, the enema is only the start,
young lady", said Master John.

Before she was declared clean Hayley got a total of three enemas
each given after a finger ream with a fresh load of Vick's
VapoRub up her tender asshole. She had to hold each enema for 10
minutes so the cramps could build and the soap could clean her
insides. By the third enema she was releasing clear water and
Hayley was crying like a baby and weak from it all. The Vicks
still burned her asshole and her belly was sore from the enema's
cramping.

"Hayley its punishment time", said the master as he rolled out
the strange looking stool. "Let me introduce you and your parents
to the punishment saddle" There was an evil gleam in Master
John's eye as he positioned the stool beside Hayley's bed.

The stool was like a secretary's typing stool. Low with four
wheels spread wide for stability. The top was worrisome. It was
not flat like a regular stool, but instead, it was shaped like a
small riding saddle but with steep slopped sides. The worst part,
sticking up in the center, was a stout black rubber dildo. The
rubber dick was relatively short about 4 inches long and had a
large bulbous head. At the base, the dildo flared out where it
met the sloping sides of the saddle. A girl would have to ride
the saddle with that rubber dick up her pussy or asshole and it
would stretch her open as she sat down. The sloping sides of the
saddle seat meant she would have most of her weight concentrated
in the center up between her legs and onto the hard rubber dick.

Master John coated the rubber dildo with a generous load of
Vick's and the Mistresses grabbed the girl hauling her over to
straddle the stool. Hayley could just straddle the tall stool
with the tip of the impaling dick up between her legs and the tip
at her cunt and asshole...

"Ok Hayley, the rubber dick goes up your butt. Your parents do
not want to penetrate your virgin pussy so you'll be getting it
up the ass for your ride!" said the evil Master. With that the
mistresses each pulled apart a thigh separating the girl's legs
widely and guided the head of the rubber dick into the crying
girl's tender butt hole. The stool had a crank and, when turned,
the seat began to rise up making the dildo penetrate the girl.
Hayley began to groan and then cry as she felt the large head
spread and then finally burst thru her little asshole's
resistance. She was pushed down hard by the Mistresses so the
dildo went right up her bottom. It was a long slide down the
shaft and to her it seemed like the rubber dick was a foot long.
The rubber dick completely filled the youngster's anal cavity
stretching her tender ass wide open. This was buggery at it best
and the girl cried and wailed as she felt the violation. By the
time that the dick was fully up the girl, Hayley 's legs could
barely touch the floor and she strained on tip toe to relieve the
pressure of the penetration as her inner thighs gripped the
sloping surface of the saddle.

The saddle was made so it had a narrow seat and the inside of her
upper thighs gripped the sloping sides as her long legs strained
to reach the floor. To make matters worse, the Mistresses crossed
her feet under the torture stool and strapped them together at
the ankles. Then her crossed ankles were clipped to the front of
the stool's shaft directly under the saddle so that by now her
feet could not touch the floor. This forced the girl to splay her
knees out and rest her weight on the saddle. She had to keep all
her weight on her thighs and the hard rubber dildo impaling her
little asshole!

Finally Hayley's arms were pulled up behind her back and she was
tied wrist to elbow. This caused her to arch her back sticking
her firm tits out as she sat on her stool of pain. The Mistresses
stood on each side of the naked girl insuring she stayed up right
and fully seated and Hayley cried as her asshole was buggered by
the impaling dick.

"The Punishment Saddle has a special feature"' said Master John
to Hayley's parents. "The sides and head of the rubber dildo up
Hayley's ass have embedded conducting strips as does the sloping
surface of the saddle itself. This allows the saddle to be used
to deliver electric shocks to Hayley's inner thighs and butt
cheeks as well as up inside her gut." The cruel Master plugged in
a control box at the rear of the stool and handed Hayley's Dad
the controls.

"There are four buttons. The Manual Button delivers one jolt of
electricity each time selected. It is like giving her a cut with
a switch up between the legs! The second button is Automatic.
Press that one and you start a 15 minute punishment session that
delivers programmed punishment to the girl at random times and
varying intensity settings. Use Automatic when you want to give
the girl a prolonged ordeal. Finally there is a Stop button and
an Intensity control button to set the amount of pain delivered
in each shock ranging from needle pricks at the minimum setting
up until its like cuts from a hickory switch at the maximum
setting"

"The punishment saddle can be used as punishment or as a teaching
tool. Imagine, if you will, that Hayley needed drilling on school
lessons. Simply sit her on the saddle with the rubber dick firmly
up her anus and use the manual mode to punish as she answers
questions in math, history, whatever... Use the Punishment saddle
to ensure she studies hard to so she gets the questions correct!
The uses are endless and the best part is the girl will be fit
for school the next morning with no injury or lingering side
effects although she will swear your killing her when she gets
the electric shocks"

It was simple enough! Now George and Linda could simply impale
young Hayley on the Punishment Saddle and deliver sharp
punishment to the girl's tender thighs, bottom, and asshole as
they felt necessary and the best part was that this was with out
danger of injury to the girl and it left no lasting marks! It was
perfect for punishing an out of control girl. Let the Punishment
begin

The Master took back the control box and dialed in a medium
setting and pressed the manual button once.

"AAAaaaaaaRGGHHHHHH. NOOOOOOO!!!!......." screamed the girl as
she tried desperately to straighten her tied legs and get up off
the saddle.

The master pressed manual again...

" NOOOOOOO!!! IT HURTS!! IT HURTS !! ARghhh WHAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaa"
cried the girl. She could only move up and down a little and when
she did the hard dildo made her asshole scream out with even more
pain! Hayley burst into uncontrolled crying at this point.

"You can see she struggles to escape, but her legs are crossed
under and strapped at the ankles up so she can't touch the floor
with her feet! The electricity enters from the surface on the
saddle into her tender inner thighs and between her bottom
cheeks. It feels exactly like she got a cut from a hickory
switch. Furthermore the dildo up her butt anchors her in place
and prevents her from falling off. Even if she faints, she will
stay upright in her seat and ready for smelling salts if you want
to continue."

The Master turned the intensity button down to light and pushed
the button.

"WAAA HAAaaa..NOO!!!...STOP!! IT HURTS!!" cried the teen girl.
"PLEASE! Make him stop WAAAaaaaaaa HAAaaaaaaa"

"As you see she is sensitive now and even the lightest shocks can
become intolerable. I advise using the medium settings a few
times to get her going then use the light setting for a prolonged
ordeal. You want to see the high setting?" asked Master John.

George looked at Linda. She was clearly excited about this.
"Yes!" exclaimed Linda," give it to her full strength!"

With that the Master turned the setting to high and pressed the
button. The shock hit poor Hayley like a thunderbolt. The girl
strained to get up screaming at the top of her
lungs,"AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!! WHHHH AAAAAAAAAA
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa. NOOOOOOOO!!!!!
PLEASEEEEEEEE NNOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

Hayley shook so hard that the Mistresses had to grab the girl by
her shoulders to keep the Punishment Saddle stool up right.
Hayley sobbed and began to plead and beg to be let off that
saddle.

Dialing the intensity back to the low setting, Master John pushed
the Auto button. With this Hayley began her punishment ordeal.
Fifteen minutes of riding the saddle! Try as hard as she might,
she could not stop it as the electric shocks surged in her tender
areas.

The girl cried and cried as wave after wave of shocks were
applied to her thighs and bottom. The Automatic mode varied the
intensity and the timing of the shocks. Sometime it would be 4 or
5 rapid pulses and sometimes they would be paced out so the girl
could not anticipate when the next punishment shock would arrive.

"NOOO!!! WWAAAAAaaaaaaa HHOOOOooooooo" cried the girl.
"PleasePLEASE! STOP! WAAAaaaaaHHaaaaaaOOHHH ooohhhhhh.'

Hayley begged them to shut it off. She sweated and cried. Soon
tears coated her face and she looked like a girl that was in
labor. Her blonde hair was wet with the sweat from her efforts
and her chest heaved with great sobs. The girl's breathing became
ragged and deep as she tried to fight. Groans and grunts escaped
her as wave after wave of painful shocks were applied to her
bottom and thighs not to mention her tender asshole.

Poor Hayley begged. She promised to be good; She promised to
never take drugs again but it was all to no avail. Her parents
had decided the girl need to learn a good lesson and they were
pleased with the punishment lesson Hayley was getting so the girl
had to ride out her full 15 minutes of electric punishment and
then sit impaled on the saddle for another 30 minutes to think
about her behavior. By the time the girl was done she had to be
helped off the punishment device and she walked bowlegged to her
bed where she was to remain without supper until morning.

George and Linda knew that they had solved their problem. The
mere mention of a visit to the punishment saddle would surely
mean that Hayley would be the best girl that she could be.

There were real possibilities of using the saddle device to see
that Hayley's grades improved. From now on they planned weekly
saddle rides for Hayley while she was checked on her homework.
George and Linda planned to use the lower settings to teach the
girl, but she would be given an occasional few shocks at medium
and high settings to remind her to be good and follow rules and
study hard.

Much to George's delight he learned the saddle came with optional
nipple electrode clamps, a clit butterfly electrode, and several
sizes of dildos. This meant the investment could not only be used
for Hayley but also Linda would be getting her own ride a soon as
she screwed up! It was worth the expense to get their very own
saddle and plans were made with Master John for purchase of a new
saddle and a series of punishment demonstrations by Master John
on Linda and Hayley to be performed at their home soon

