Everything had been turned on its head as they snapped and hissed, arguing under their breath. It is as if they have reverted back to those wretched, tense months following Kirby Plaza – months when they had been too concerned with Molly’s safety and saving the world to really care how much or how deeply they damaged one another. It has taken time for their shared love of Molly to extend to each other and time for their mutual gratitude to become real friendship. Time in which Mohinder’s simple compassion for another human being blossomed into something deeper. He doesn’t understand how it has all unravelled in just one evening. 

Matt’s words echo in his thoughts: you don’t have much faith in us.

As he scratches at the tacky, drying come on his abdomen and feels the lube growing cold and sticky between his legs, he thinks that Matt has a bloody cheek to hurl that accusation at him. Isn’t Matt the one who seems utterly fixated in seeing Janice’s flaws in everything Mohinder does? He has never had a problem with Matt’s career nor can he ever imagine himself succumbing to adultery. It is starting to rankle that he has to defend himself against crimes that he has not, nor will he ever, commit.

At the same time Mohinder has to admit that perhaps he isn’t in a position to judge. Isn’t he, at this exact moment, laying stock still, hardly daring to breathe, lest some action of his irrevocably tear them apart? And isn’t it that fear, his ever present nagging concern that with just one misstep this happy house of cards that they have built will come tumbling down, the very reason they are arguing in the first place? Mohinder may be stubborn and he may be obstinate but he is also analytical, and he can spot a pattern when it emerges.

He sits up with a groan. He feels physically and emotionally exhausted but it is not enough to simply acknowledge his part in what has happened. He needs to find a solution. Try as he might, he can’t gather his thoughts. All he can focus on is the sound of the shower. Matt hasn’t showered at night in months. Not since the days when finding the two of them in the apartment at the same time had been a rare and awkward circumstance. Back then, as if by unspoken mutual agreement, Mohinder had had the privilege of a morning routine. It was his home after all and Matt was, then, merely a house guest.

While Mohinder showered, Matt would dole out breakfast cereal and hustle Molly to school. At night, while Mohinder worked at his desk, Matt would commandeer the bathroom, sidestepping their stilted small talk and creating breathing space in the oppressively small apartment. Matt would emerge, face flushed from the hot water and hair, damp and dishevelled. On cue, Mohinder would make his excuses and retire to the sanctuary of his bedroom. After Nathan’s death and when Sylar failed to return, the constant stress and fear had slowly leached from their lives. Then, Matt’s shower was taken later and later as small talk became conversation and Mohinder began to push aside work to spend time joking with Matt. They found themselves talking late into the night after Molly had gone to bed. It had seemed natural then to adjust their morning routine.

Despite the way he had lamented the loss of his long, sweltering showers, Mohinder had found himself enjoying how often they stood doubled up at the sink brushing teeth and washing faces. So much so that when he travelled, he began to miss jostling Matt’s solid form to reach for the toothpaste months before their relationship progressed beyond the platonic.

Nothing changed when they became lovers. Mohinder is lethargic after sex. He wants to wrap his arms around Matt and fall asleep in the warmth of his embrace, fishing a shirt or a pair of boxers from the floor to wipe the semen haphazardly from their skin. Matt is less enthused about sleeping in the mess of their own making. But every night, after letting him change the sheets, Mohinder will tumble Matt back into the bed and refuse to let him up to shower. They fall asleep, tangled together, as Matt whispers in his ear, ‘dirty boy.’Now, even as he feels his skin pull tight under the prickle of his drying come, Mohinder can’t bring himself to clean up the evidence of what they have shared tonight. It angers him that Matt can sluice it all away as easily as his cutting words had washed away their afterglow.

When Mohinder hears the quiet knock at the bedroom door, he flinches, pulling the blankets around himself and hurriedly sliding the lube and the handcuffs into the drawer of his bedside table. It takes him a moment to realise that while he has been lost in his thoughts, coming to no conclusion at all, the shower has been shut off. He relaxes knowing that it is Matt not Molly about to enter, then tenses again in anticipation of what is to come.

‘Yes?’ he calls out in a hoarse stage whisper. Matt pushes the door open gingerly, holding it up by the knob to keep the hinges from squeaking. ‘Molly’ he mouths, jerking his head in the direction of the hall, suggesting she isn’t as deeply asleep as they both would hope. The last thing she needs is to overhear an argument. Mohinder doesn’t ever want her to feel unsafe in this apartment again.

Neither of them speaks. Matt is dressed for bed, towelling his wet hair dry and refusing to meet Mohinder’s eyes. Clearing his throat Matt hands him a damp, warm washcloth and he mumbles his thanks, unable to bring himself to break the uncomfortable silence. Matt hovers awkwardly in front of him, his lips moving as he searches for something to say. ‘I’ll, uh, change the sheets,’ is all he can eventually come up with.

Still wrapped in the soiled blanket, Mohinder moves out of his way, standing with his back to Matt and facing their chest of drawers. As he cleans his stomach and groin of the accumulated mess of semen, lube and sweat, he tries to think positive, pleased that Matt was considerate enough to bring him a washcloth. At the same time he can’t ignore the fact that in the heavy quiet of the room, he feels too uncomfortable and too vulnerable to drop the protective shield of the blanket. He hates feeling this way around Matt and hates that he really has no one to blame but himself.

Mohinder slips into a clean pair of boxers and as he turns around, he hears Matt chuckle to himself. Matt is kneeling on the bed. Fresh sheets have been laid down and he has snatched the pillows from the head of the bed to change the cases. As Mohinder looks up inquisitively, his lips quirk into a grin and he flips the pillow around to show Mohinder the soiled side. It is the one that had been supporting Mohinder’s stomach as they made love, now thoroughly coated with his dried semen. He can feel the heat rising to his cheeks as Matt leers at him and Mohinder climbs on the bed on his knees and snatches the pillow from Matt’s hands.

‘Looks like you had a good time,’ Matt whispers. Mohinder stares at the soiled linen letting Matt’s voice wash over him. The joke is weak and the humour in his voice is covering his emotions with only the thinnest of layers. He doesn’t have to read Matt’s mind to know what the words really mean: please tell me you still want me; I didn’t mean to fuck this up; I need you.

He looks up. Matt is smiling brightly but Mohinder can see it for the façade that it is – he knows Matt well enough by now to see the crinkle between his eyebrows that usually comes from a frustrating day at work and the way he is biting at the inside of his cheek, just as he does when he worries Molly has done something reckless. Mohinder stares into his eyes, searching his expression for a cue as to what to do next. In the end he just strokes Matt’s cheek, his skin so smooth and soft, with the back of his hand and quietly replies, ‘I did.’ I love you. Don’t leave me. Tell me how to fix this.

Mohinder doesn’t know who leans in first or who is pulling who close but with those simple words that mean both nothing and everything the tension is broken. They whisper, ‘I’m sorry. I’m so sorry,’ over and over as their mouths come together again and again in quick breathless kisses. The pillow is dropped to the bed beneath them, crushed between their knees as they inch closer together. Mohinder is clutching at Matt’s shoulders until he is sure there are marks and Matt’s hands are fisting in his hair until Mohinder’s scalp tingles with the prickling pull but they don’t care, they can’t let go. Already they have been too long apart and how long has it really been? Fifteen minutes, an hour, an eternity? It seems longer and now Mohinder can’t bear the thought of releasing Matt from his embrace or from his kiss, not even to breathe or to tell him how much he loves him.

Their kisses are hungrier now and the word ‘sorry’ has become a long, needy moan escaping their lips. They press their chests together, fitting together just as perfectly as they did before and Mohinder lets out a sigh he didn’t know he had been holding back. Maybe nothing has changed; perhaps they are still in sync. But as they tug at one another’s lips and they caress each other’s bodies, possessively, territorially, jealously, Matt’s chest hair presses damply against Mohinder’s nipples, teasing them with the coarseness, the chill and the wetness. Then Mohinder realises that as much as he wants this: to fall back onto the bed, to push Matt down and take him roughly to stake his claim and mark him as Mohinder’s; when their bodies stop shaking and their minds assert control once more nothing will have been resolved.

Mohinder pushes on Matt’s shoulders, breaking away with as much conviction as he can muster. A part of him, a large part of him, he admits, wants Matt to refuse to release him. It is so much easier to just pretend that ‘I’m sorry’ has fixed it all and to follow his body where it wants to lead him. Mohinder has faced down Sylar, he has outsmarted Bennet, and thought on his feet to save the ones he loves and himself more times than he can count, but still this moment seems more critical and more pivotal than any that have gone before. He draws on what Matt had said in spite: you don’t have much faith in us, do you? And he wants to prove Matt wrong because on this he knows that Matt will be happy to stand corrected. Above all else, Mohinder knows that the time has come to make that blind leap, logic and control be damned, to lay his soul bare and trust in Matt to keep him whole. It takes all his inner strength to finally pull his lips from Matt’s, letting himself dip back again to nip at the corners of his mouth just one more time before, with a sigh, he holds Matt back.

‘I’m sorry,’ they say again in unison and this time they laugh. They relax back against the bed, the soiled pillow thrown across the room to land with a soft thump on the pile of bedclothes to be washed. They sit, side by side, with their backs against the headboard and their legs out straight. Matt takes Mohinder’s hand in his own, lacing their fingers together and twisting him by the wrist to examine the wire-thin cuts from the handcuffs. He is frowning again and Mohinder knows it is not from the sight of the injury or regret for what they had done earlier but from the weight of the conversation they cannot seem to start. ‘We should talk,’ Mohinder whispers. His voice cracks a little and he clears his throat, saying more decisively this time, ‘we need to talk.’

‘I know,’ Matt says but he doesn’t look up. The fingers of his other hand come to skim over Mohinder’s knuckles and stroke his skin until Mohinder sighs at the delicate touch. Matt draws his hand back with a start, looking up guiltily and Mohinder realises that the other man had been lost deep in his thoughts, barely aware that he has been touching Mohinder for comfort. It seems so natural and loving, and it fills Mohinder with a hope he didn’t know he had been lacking.

‘I’m not Janice.’ He says the words firmly and clearly. One of them has to take the plunge and with a sudden reckless belief that everything will be alright after all, Mohinder decides to cut to the heart of the matter. ‘Please don’t make me pay for her mistakes.’

Matt looks up with a weak smile. He looks so lost and confused. There is nothing of the calm mask he employs for work nor the light-hearted manner he uses with Molly and Mohinder thinks that this is the most naked he has ever seen his lover. Mohinder doesn’t believe in the gods of his family’s religion or the God of Matt’s but still he prays to anything and everything that might listen that soon he will be able to say the words, ‘it’s ok,’ that press so urgently at his lips and have them be true. But for now he holds his tongue. They have to admit that they are broken before they can be fixed.

‘Mohinder…’ Matt starts slowly and Mohinder resists the urge to interrupt or hurry him along. ‘Janice and I were happy.’ He chuckles ruefully, scratching the back of his head and shrugging his shoulders. ‘It seems hard to believe but we were and then somewhere, somehow, along the line everything fell apart.’

He pauses and Mohinder strokes his arms as Matt recalls the painful memories of what has gone before and figures out what it is exactly he needs Mohinder to understand. ‘But I still don’t know how. There wasn’t one thing. We didn’t just wake up and hate each other. That scares me, Mohinder. I loved her so much and it slipped away from under my nose. And now I love you, more than I thought was possible, but how can I stop it from happening again if I don’t know what went wrong?’ Mohinder draws Matt into his arms and wraps him in a tight embrace.

‘Promise me,’ Matt mumbles into his hair. ‘Promise me that won’t happen to us.’

‘I can’t,’ Mohinder says, softly, because it’s the truth. He feels Matt tense and they pull apart, a mixture of anger, confusion and pure despair playing across Matt’s features. But Mohinder needs to be honest now because Matt has been right from the start, this isn’t kismet or fate or destiny but perhaps it doesn’t need to be for it to be love and for them to be happy. ‘I can’t promise we’ll be together forever, Matt. But I can tell you that the thought that I’d destroyed everything with my selfishness and my…’ He throws his hands in the air to make a general gesture to convey all the negative qualities he saw in himself: pride, single-mindedness, an inability to communicate. ‘Thinking I’d thrown it all away, lost you, was the worst fear I’ve ever experienced.’

Matt smiles at him but he doesn’t look mollified. Mohinder grabs his chin and forces his head up, forces their eyes to meet so that Matt knows his words are sincere. ‘I love you, Matt, but I can’t predict the future. I can’t promise we’re going to live happily ever after but right now I really, really hope we do.’ He kisses Matt, slowly and softly, barely a brush of tongues as they press their foreheads together.

‘I can promise that I’ll never do what Janice did. As much as it hurts to think about, if it comes to it, I’ll end it.’ Mohinder closes his eyes as he says the last words because he feels as if he has handed his fate to Matt and even a condemned man gets a blindfold.

‘Thank you,’ Matt whispers in his ear. Mohinder lets out a shuddery sigh of relief and as Matt brushes his thumb below his cheeks, Mohinder realises his eyes are wet with emotion too. He quickly swipes the back of his hand over them and sniffs, far louder than he intended to. They laugh together at the sound and Mohinder knows his prayers have been answered by whatever benevolent gods had been listening. They are kissing again but now their eyes are open and the desperation is gone. There is no need to prove that this is right or that they belong to each other. Those are facts already in evidence, proven time and again by the beat of their hearts and the breath in their lungs.

Mohinder pulls back. There is one more apology he needs to make, one more explanation to give before everything can go back to how it should be. ‘And I know I completely bollocksed everything up by not talking to you in the first place.’

Matt laughs at the British turn of phrase and Mohinder smiles, squeezing his hand to hold his attention. ‘I made a mistake.’ His voice turns low and serious. ‘A big mistake and I’m sorry. I want to say I’ll never do it again but…’

‘You’re not perfect?’ Matt supplies.

‘I’m not perfect,’ Mohinder agrees in a whisper. He is suddenly melancholy as he is reminded of how he was never good enough for his father, never good enough for Mira and he tries not to wonder how long it will be until Matt starts to think he is not good enough either. ‘I’m not perfect,’ he repeats.

This time it is Matt who tilts Mohinder’s chin up and holds his gaze. ‘You don’t have to be perfect for me to love you.’

There is a warmth in Mohinder’s chest that grows and glows at Matt’s words, spoken so sincerely that even Mohinder, in all his cynicism and self doubt, is forced to conclude they must be true. It means so much more than if Matt had insisted you’re perfect to me.

‘And do you love me?’ he asks, thankful the words don’t catch in his throat.

‘Yes.’

‘And do you forgive me?’

‘Yes.’

‘I love you too.’

This time when they kiss, Mohinder pulls Matt on top of him. He wants to feel Matt above him and around him, to lie for once completely at the other man’s mercy. It is a final act of penance and absolution. Matt is running his fingers through Mohinder’s hair, twisting a curl around his finger as his lips brush softly along his forehead. Mohinder is licking at his neck and holding him close with his hands on his hips. Smiling against Matt’s skin, the familiar taste of his sweat and his soap on Mohinder’s tongue, Mohinder slips his hands down the back of Matt’s boxers and cups his ass.

Matt groans at the touch and at the feel of Mohinder growing hard again beneath him. They grind together slowly, luxuriating in the feel of each other’s bodies. He pulls back, dropping one last kiss to Mohinder’s lips before propping himself up on his elbows to study Mohinder’s face. ‘Are we ok?’

‘We’re ok,’ Mohinder confirms, chasing his words with a peck to the tip of Matt’s nose.

They smile goofily at each other almost shaking with relief now that the danger has truly passed. Matt tries to flip them over, to let Mohinder take the position he loves so much but Mohinder resists, holding Matt firmly to his chest.

‘Like this,’ he pleads. He tugs Matt’s boxers down and wriggles to help Matt get his own down and off. Mohinder takes them both in his hand, pressing their half-hard cocks together against his palm and caressing them until Matt is rubbing himself along Mohinder’s dick. Now they are both hard and Matt’s knee is between his legs pushing his thighs apart. All Mohinder can do is surge up into him, rock his body against Matt’s mass of muscle and flesh until they both cry out but for once it doesn’t seem stifling or constricting, it feels safe.

Matt is stroking his ass, running his finger around his hole and Mohinder flinches. He doesn’t mean to, the touch is feather light and sets off sparks of pleasure that shoot to his core with every patch of skin Matt fondles, but he is still sore from the rough way they had made love earlier. Mohinder bites his lip. He is angry with himself because he knows he will have to ask Matt to stop. He never gets the chance because Matt is pulling his hand away already and kissing the frown from Mohinder’s face. Mohinder tries to turn his face away so that he can apologise or explain but Matt won’t let him. He wants to assure Matt that he still wants him more than anything but that he simply can’t, not right now. The sex had never been as hard, as deep or as fast as it had been earlier and Mohinder curses his body for being inferior to the task.

‘It’s ok,’ Matt mumbles into his mouth and the tension drains from Mohinder’s shoulders as he knows that Matt is right. They have tomorrow and the next day and the next to do this and perhaps Mohinder doesn’t need to sacrifice himself as one last proof of his love for Matt. Maybe Matt wouldn’t want his sacrifice anyway, he thinks, as Matt grins at him and flips over, his head to Mohinder’s groin. Mohinder knows that it isn’t about who was right and who was wrong any more. Matt is pressing his lips to his length and Mohinder shifts to tilt Matt’s cock towards him and lick the tip. It isn’t about making up to each other for their faults and their mistakes or rewarding one another for offering forgiveness; it is about being together again, whole and in love.

They are kissing, licking and sucking. Mohinder is groaning, his fingers digging into Matt’s hips and groping along his thighs and stomach. When his lips enclose Matt’s length, he can feel his own erection enveloped in the hot, wet tightness of Matt’s mouth. They are moving against each other now, hips snapping and rolling in time. Mohinder can tell that the flood of pleasure in his chest, his groin and his legs has spread to Matt’s body too because his muscles are tensing. Mohinder clamps his lips down tighter and bobs his head quicker. He draws on everything that Matt has taught him to do, focuses on what Matt likes best and when Matt’s come coats the back of his throat in hot, thick pulses, he swallows with such a sense of contentment that for a moment Mohinder forgets that his own orgasm hasn’t come yet.

But Matt is not so forgetful. He guides Mohinder onto his back and pins his hips to the bed. Matt takes him in deep, the head of his dick is brushing the back of Matt’s throat and they moan in unison. Matt’s moan just makes Mohinder’s moan deeper, more desperate as the vibrations hum along his cock and Matt lets him thrust in and out, in and out, until he too is peaking.

Matt collapses back on the bed, panting. Mohinder’s whole body is trembling and he feels utterly incapable of coherent thought, speech or movement. Matt tickles his foot but he can’t muster the energy to squirm away from the touch. His hand wraps around Mohinder’s ankle and he tugs on Mohinder’s leg until he yelps in protest. ‘Toss me a pillow, please.’

Groaning, Mohinder pulls the pillow from beneath his head and hugging it to his chest he heaves himself up and throws himself to the foot of the bed beside Matt. They snuggle together, sleepily kissing and gathering the blankets around them. Mohinder has enough presence of mind to worry what Molly will think when she wakes them in the morning, sprawled at the end of the bed, nude and dishevelled. But she is a resilient child, more so than Mohinder had ever been and he thinks that maybe it won’t faze her at all. He hopes not because he is entirely unable to move again tonight.

‘We should fight more often,’ Matt mumbles. His voice is heavy with sleep, his words half muffled by the pillow and Mohinder’s hair.

Mohinder shifts in his arms, pressing himself closer to Matt and marvelling that after everything his back still rests so perfectly against Matt’s chest. ‘What?’

‘The make up sex is fantastic.’

When they fall asleep, it is with a shared laughter on their lips. Mohinder fingers the abrasions around his wrists and he smiles to know that they will linger, a reminder of all that he and Matt have gone through tonight.