Bella's Inverted Dare
by Llorna

Who issues dares may get screwed.

"I'm glad your meeting finished quickly," I said. "But now we've reached the nightclub at dawn. They'll be sleeping."

"You're so over-the-top, Bella," said Carter. "It's a quarter past six in the evening, and they're advertising Happy Hour." He held the door open for me.

"Not near the service door, please," I said, shaking my head at the hostess. "And our friends will be joining us soon. We need a larger table."

She guided us to a four-seater near the back. Only two other tables were occupied at this time, so she was happy to accommodate us. Carter went to the bar, and I stretched my legs, happy to be off my heels.

We'd taken a holiday in Monument Valley and the Grand Canyon and were in Phoenix for our flight home. Carter had arranged to meet two of his college buddies at seven.

"Happy Hour deal," he said, placing two glasses on the table. "Buy one, get one free."

"Enjoy them both," I said, smiling at him. "I'll have a drink when our company arrives."

"You're always so controlled, Bella," said Carter, taking a big gulp. "Did you ever go to a nightclub before we got married?"

I sat up straight. "I did four years of college, Carter. What do you think?"

Carter drained his glass. "Just going to a club means nothing. You have to really do clubbing right."

"I see." I didn't see, actually. Carter was being insufferable. "How is it done right?"

"Have you ever been carried out by your friends?"

I shook my head.

"Have you woken up the next day and wondered what happened at the party?"

"I don't drink that much, Carter."

"Have you ever gotten naked at a nightclub?"

"Me?"

"Have you been arrested at or after a party?"

"Not had that pleasure, Carter."

Carter sat back and grinned condescendingly at me. "See what I mean? Your education is incomplete unless you've had at least one of these experiences."

I looked past him, saying nothing. A young couple was at the next table, looking into each other's eyes. Their drinks looked untouched.

"You should do at least one," Carter repeated.

I looked at him, smiled, and looked at the other occupied table. Two men in green shirts with a company logo were taking advantage of Happy Hour. One of them was facing us. There were already six glasses on their table.

"Getting arrested when traveling isn't a good idea," I said. "Do you know any lawyers here?"

"Is that the only option?" He said, smirking. "Getting drunk and getting carried out did not occur to you?"

"You want me to get drunk and be carried out by your college friends?" I looked at him in disbelief.

"Okay, you can get naked before they get here," he said. He finished his second drink. Happy hour was going to be silly hour, I thought.

"You mean now?" I looked around the club, though I had already seen what I needed to. "Here?"

"Why not?" Carter said. "The club is nearly empty, and no one here knows us. You can strip in two minutes."

"Why should I?"

"Because I dare you! A 100 bucks say you don't have the guts." Carter challenged me.

"You don't have a hundred dollars on you," I said coolly. As he brought out his wallet, I stopped him. "I don't take cards."

"Wait," he said and went to the bar holding his card. I knew he'd try to swipe his card and get cash. I took off both my shoes and rolled down my stockings, putting them in my bag. My shoes I left under the table. The green shirt facing our table noticed my movements and looked up from his phone. His eyes widened as I lifted my hips and slid my panties off. He whispered something to his friend. Trying to act casual, the friend moved to another chair from where he could see me.

Carter returned just as I finished stuffing my panties into my bag. He carefully placed two more drinks on the table. I wondered if I'd misjudged him. But no -- he produced a hundred dollar bill from his pocket and slapped it in front of me.

I put my hands behind me and ran the zip of my dress down. Feeling around, I unhooked my bra. The two green shirts had put their phones down and were watching me. I smiled at them; they smiled back. I lifted my hips and raised my dress. Changing my grip, I lifted it over my head, taking my bra with it.

Carter had a stunned expression as I tossed my bundled dress and bra to him. My C-cup breasts with pink nipples jiggled a bit as I opened my bag and put the hundred-dollar bill in.

"Hang on," Carter protested. "The deal was naked, not just topless."

I shook my head gently at him. Then I stood and moved around the table to stand in front of him. My pussy lips were clean, and I had a thin landing strip above them. My lips were thick and met in the middle, keeping my clit hidden. Carter stared at me, and I was sure everyone else in the club was doing the same.

The two green shirts clapped softly as I put my hands on my hips. Someone behind the bar whistled. The lovey-dovey couple was startled and looked around, their eyes stopping on me.

"Are you satisfied, sir?" I asked Carter. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw one of the two men pick up his phone. I wagged my finger in a distinct negative sign. To my relief, he sighed and put his phone down.

"Yes, you've won," said Carter in a strangled voice. He looked wildly around the club. The young couple was watching us, and the guy finished half his drink in one large gulp. "You can sit down now, Bella."

"As you say." I smiled at him and went back to my seat. I could feel my nipples hardening as they were exposed to cold air. My skin tingled as I thought of the people around looking at me. I felt a warmth in my lower belly and hoped I wouldn't make a mess of the seat.

Carter looked at me and gave a strained smile. "You surprised me, Bella. I'd never have expected it of you."

"I hope I never disappoint you, dear," I said. "It is my deepest desire always to fulfill your wishes."

"How wonderful," said Carter. I could see he didn't know what to make of it. I looked over his shoulder and saw the young couple looking at me and talking excitedly. I winked at the girl; she grinned back.

The hostess came over to our table. "Enjoying yourselves, guys? Anything I can get you?"

"What time do you close?" I asked her.

"Last orders are one-thirty. Then we wind up by two."

"Oh, that's plenty of time, then," I said. "What's your thermostat set to?"

"We usually keep it comfortable for people wearing clothes," she said, laughing. "But I'll see what I can do." She looked at me, sitting comfortably, and at my antsy husband and gave me a high five.

"You can get dressed now, Bella," Carter said. "You've won this dare."

"I'll have a drink after all, I think." I spoke absently, looking around the club. "Can you see if they have a good white?"

Carter stared at me, then walked to the bar once more. I looked at the two guys at their table. They gave me the thumbs up, and I waved back.

The door opened, and two girls walked in. The hostess approached them and then led them to a table next to ours. They stared at me for a moment, giggling. I smiled back. Trying to be discreet, I put a thick wad of tissues under my pussy.

"Here's your wine," said Carter. "I expected you to be dressed when I returned."

"Already?" I asked, with a surprised expression. "It's only been fifteen minutes. You gave me a hundred dollars."

"Yes, so?" Carter couldn't see where this was leading.

"Well, I earn about thirty-five dollars an hour," I explained earnestly. "So I figure I should give you about three hours. That's fair."

"Are you crazy?" His voice went up a little and attracted every eye in the club to us. It felt delicious. I sat back in my chair and put my shoulders back. My breasts sat a little higher on my chest.

"Seems to be the honest thing to do," I said. I took a small sip of the wine. "It's good!"

"Bella." He was making an effort to keep his voice down. "Hank and Riccardo will be here in five minutes. I talked to them while waiting for your wine."

"They're pretty punctual," I said. "I'm looking forward to meeting them."

"Bella, they're my close buddies." Carter looked at me in anguish. "Do you want to meet them like this?"

"No, I don't." I said it firmly, and Carter sat back, relieved. "But it can't be helped. I took your money."

"Please, Bella, don't be like this. I can't have them meet you naked in a nightclub."

"Won't they be impressed that I have a complete education?"

"Bella, please." Carter sounded desperate. "Please get dressed. They must be almost here."

"Go swipe your card again, Carter," I said. "For one thousand dollars this time."

"What!" Carter was furious. I took another sip of wine. The two girls were close enough to overhear us and guessed what was going on. I could see them laughing softly.

"Bella!" Carter said. "Are you serious?"

"Yes, that's the pricing," I told him in clear tones that the whole club could hear. I dropped my voice. "Hundred dollars to get naked, a thousand to get dressed."

Carter capitulated. Clutching his card, he almost ran to the bar. I toyed with my glass and waited. I could see Carter casting terrified looks at the door. "Here's the thousand," he said, throwing himself on his seat. "Please hurry."

I dropped my panties on the floor and stepped into them. I bent over to pull them up and heard whistles from the bar behind me. I knew they must have got a good view of my pussy lips and smiled to myself. I straightened and smoothed my panties over my hips, conscious that every eye in the club was on me. The arousal of being naked had made my nipples hard and long.

"You have my bra, I think," I said to Carter. I put my hands on the table and leaned forward as he extracted my bra from the bundle I'd given him. My heavy, firm breasts hung over him as he worked desperately. "Thank you."

After the bra, I sat down and rolled my stockings up my legs while Carter pleaded with me to hurry. As I dropped the dress over my shoulders, there was a burst of applause in the club, startling Carter. He scowled into his drink as I stood and bowed to my audience. I dropped into my seat just as Hank and Riccardo entered.

* * *

"You've had a long day," I said, snuggling up to Carter as we entered our hotel lobby. "We could have skipped the dinner. It took almost two hours."

We'd spent over two hours in the club with Riccardo and Hank. Carter had then proposed going to a fancy restaurant since it was the last night of our holiday. By the time we entered our hotel, it was close to midnight.

"We had a good time, Bella," Carter said as we waited for the lift. The lobby was almost deserted at this hour. "Except for that stunt you pulled at the club."

I gave him a grin. "Surprised you, didn't I? You weren't expecting that."

"I'll say!" Carter said, grinning back. "I've never seen you do anything like that before." He waited to let me precede him into the elevator.

"I just called your bluff," I said. We were the only ones in the lift, and I put my arms around his neck. "What are you doing?"

Carter had stopped the elevator between two floors. Turning to me, he smiled widely and held out his hand. "Since you're so brave today, give me your clothes."

"What do you have in mind?" I moved away from him till I felt the wall on my back. "This elevator might stop to take on more people!"

"Not likely anyone will call it to go from floor to floor. Anyone calling the elevator will be going down, not up." His hand was still outstretched, and I got out of my dress and handed it to him. Carter put it over his shoulder and held his hand out again.

"You're planning some devious revenge," I said, looking at him. "I don't want to be nude here. A nightclub is different."

"A small risk is all," he said. "It's midnight, and you just have to get from the elevator to our room." His hand was still out, and I unclasped my bra and handed it over.

"Are you planning to vanish with my clothes?" I asked, with my thumbs in my panties. I didn't think Carter would do anything reckless, but chickening out at the club had to hurt. He didn't reply for a moment, staring at my full breasts.

"Here," he said, offering me the key card. I leaned forward and held it between my lips. "You can get into the room even if I vanish." He took my panties and looked me up and down. I stuck my tongue out as he licked his lips.

Carter had started the lift moving again. I stared at him as he held my nipples for a moment before turning to the doors as they slid open. "Noone around, Bella. Make sure you open the door with 812 on it. Don't spend the night in the wrong room!"

He squeezed my bottom as I hesitated at the door. The corridor was brightly lit but empty. It seemed simple enough and I wondered if there was a twist I couldn't see. Carter slapped my bottom, sending me on my way. I wished my heels didn't make so much noise. My nipples were stiff from his handling, and I felt the familiar warmth begin in my pussy.

The elevator dinged, and I looked over my shoulder. To my surprise, Carter had left in the elevator. What was he playing at?

I knew our room was the last one on the right. Walking as fast as I could, I reached it and applied the card to the lock. Nothing happened.

Panicking, I wondered what Carter had done. My nipples, which had been stiff since Carter held them, quietened down as I thought about my options. I looked at the uncooperative door and saw 612 on it. The bastard had let me out naked on the wrong floor!

Oh, well, I thought, I have to go up two floors. Holding the key card securely, I turned to the elevator but stopped as I heard a door open. A couple came out of a room three doors down, the woman hanging onto her guy's arm and giggling. They both froze as they saw me.

"Hi," I said, trying to be casual, squinting at the key card. "I got off on the wrong floor, I guess."

"Happens to me all the time," the woman said, smiling at me. We walked to the elevator. "Where are you coming from, dressed like that?"

"A nightclub," I answered. The guy was quiet, running his eyes up and down my body. I felt a warmth between my legs and hoped my pussy wouldn't start leaking before these people left. To my horror, I felt my nipples grow long and hard. "My husband stopped at the front desk for something."

"Lift's coming down," the guy said, looking at the elevator and then back at me. "Which way do you want to go?"

"Up," I said as the doors opened with a ding. "You people go on. I'll call it again to go up."

"You sure?" the woman asked. "We don't mind going up to drop you off at your floor."

"No, it's okay, I'll wait." I could feel the first trickle of juice exit my pussy and start down my thigh. I'd been smoldering after undressing in the club but had gradually gotten the fire under control. Being naked in a public space and then meeting this couple had ignited me again. "I don't mind waiting."

The elevator came back up and to my horror, I saw through the glass window that it was full of people. Looking around, I saw the fire escape and pushed through the door. The elevator dinged and opened, and I hoped the people getting off hadn't noticed me.

I took off my heels to keep my movements quiet. Then I took off, taking the stairs two at a time. Going around the bend, I crashed into a human body, and we both tumbled to the landing. Out of breath, I sat up, terrified.

"Carter!" I almost screamed. "You brute!"

"I came looking for you, baby," he said placatingly. "You didn't come up for so long. I got worried."

He stood and held out his hand. Rising myself, I pushed him back to sit on the second stair and straddled him. My belly was spasming, and the heat between my legs was fierce. I looked down at my pussy and was surprised not to see flames coming out of it.

Carter was startled as I mashed my lips onto his and bit down. "What's gotten into you?" he asked, laughing now. His eyes were at my pussy's level, and he could see the trickles of my nectar making their way out. "I thought you'd be angry!"

"Later," I said tersely. "Get your cock out!" I put my hand in as he opened his trousers. Freeing his turgid dick, I sank to my knees and opened my lips. There was an urgency in me to get him hard and at work. Taking a deep breath, I took him all in.

"We can be in our room in two minutes," he whispered. "With a closed door and comfortable bed."

I pulled back to breathe. "Two minutes is too much." I went back to work, bobbing my head back and forth, rubbing my lips on his rapidly growing dick. He was breathing deeply, trying to stay calm as he realized we were going to have sex in the stairwell.

I raised my head again and looked with satisfaction at what I had achieved in a minute. Carter was hard and throbbing, and he reached for me as I stepped up to him. Straddling him, I held his dick and guided it into me. He gasped as I fell onto him and his dick buried itself into me.

"You're a crazy woman, Bella," Carter whispered into one ear as I wrapped my hands around his head. "And I'm lucky to have you."

I raised myself till his dick was almost out of me and then dropped into his lap. Again and again, I repeated the motion as Carter kissed my throat and chin. I moaned as I sensed the fire in my belly building to an inferno.

Carter leaned back and took a grip on my nipples, sending me over the edge. My vision went red, and the blood pounded in my ears as my pussy set fire to all my senses. I let Carter worry about keeping watch for anyone seeing us as wave after wave of ecstasy racked my body. For long moments I continued bouncing on his dick, extracting every last bit of my much-awaited orgasm.

I managed to climb off him as my vision and breathing returned. "You didn't come, did you," I murmured as a delicious languor took over my body. I stretched out on the stairs with my head on his shoulder.

"That's okay, Bella," he said softly. "My turn will come." He put his arm around me, and I relaxed, letting him hold me up. I knew I was naked and should get back to the room but I had to close my eyes for a moment.

Carter shook me after a while. "Shall we go up now?" I leaned on him to stand and picked up my shoes and the key card.

"Didn't you bring my dress?" I asked, looking around.

"I hung your bag and clothes on our door and waited," Carter said. "And you didn't come, so I got anxious. I walked to the elevator and then realized you might be in the stairwell. I just came down to find you."

"Doesn't matter, I guess," I said. "Save some time once we're back in the room." Carter put his arm around my shoulders, and we made our way to our room and bed.
