Nimueh ends up going to court, and then to prison. Which is comforting, because it's nice to know that when people stick knives in other people, there are consequences. No-one knows where Drake is, even though it's got to be hard to hide when you're a six-foot tall freakshow with scale tattoos and a conversational style that rivals Yoda for incomprehensibility and creative grammar.

Uther and Arthur both go back to work, except Arthur switches desks with Lancelot so that he can be on the far side of the room from Uther's door, and makes sure to get in before Uther and leave after him. He refuses point-blank to give up his scouting rounds, with the result that Uther starts sending Lancelot out as well. Well done, Dad. Nice work on the trust issue.

Arthur takes that one back, though, because he sucks on the trust issue too and he really doesn't think it's a bad thing. Why would he want to trust Uther? As for getting Lance to go to gigs, that makes sense, because Arthur knows his mind's not on the job.

Merlin drifts around the usual bar circuit, filling in on bass for other bands, and he's hard to catch like that, but Arthur manages it. He hasn't worn a suit to a single bar, hasn't worn a suit at all, since that night at the house party, and he hasn't talked to a single band either. Instead he starts giving as good as he gets on the dancefloor and the moshpit, and he starts fighting for setlists and picks.

It feels good to be a fan at last, and Merlin's grin from the stage each night Arthur finds him is promising. He puts his bass down mid-set one night, a few months after the house-party, and drenches himself in the contents of his water glass, the bastard, staring straight at Arthur and licking his lips, and that night Arthur decides he'll be a groupie for once.

Merlin beats him to it, meets him by the bar, and Arthur can't decide if it's the gigbag over the shoulder, or the wet hair, or the Black Flag shirt, or the stare that's the sexy part. The bit where he's practically dragged to the door doesn't hurt either, he decides.

Arthur finally manages to take Merlin home that night. They muck around in the kitchen while Arthur tries to make tea, Merlin's fingers interfering with his concentration via his belt buckle. They muck around in the living room while Arthur attempts to put on a CD and Merlin disagrees with all his choices. They finally compromise on the first disc of Mellon Collie, of all things, and Arthur drops onto the couch with a happy sigh. Merlin raises an eyebrow.

'Let me guess,' he says. 'The sweet spot?'

Arthur, who spent four hours when he moved into this flat carefully arranging speakers so that his favourite seat would indeed be in the sweet spot, grins. 'Mmhmm,' he says lazily. 'Is this an issue?'

'You're going to have to learn to share,' Merlin says, shoving at him. Arthur plants his feet and digs his back into the couch's cushions, refusing to be shoved.

It descends into a wrestling match, which of course Arthur wins, and a spluttering, laughing Merlin decides that the only fair way to settle it is for him to sit on Arthur's lap, which he proceeds to do. He manages to knee Arthur in the ribs in the process, and Arthur smacks at him, and somewhere along the way slapping turns to grabbing turns to kissing, laughing at each other and spluttering, but it slows and it quietens and after a while they're just sharing space and breath. It's easy as a heartbeat, natural.

The CD changes tracks the same way, sleek and smooth. Time is never time at all, you can never ever leave ...

Arthur slides his hands under Merlin's shirt, traces the scar on Merlin's ribs with his fingers, careful and slow.

'Does it hurt?' he asks, pushing at it curiously. Merlin bats his hand away.

'Not really,' he says. 'Most of the time it doesn't feel anything at all. Scar tissue, right?'

'Right,' Arthur agrees, and bites a kiss onto Merlin's jaw just to be annoying, to change the subject. 'You want to move this somewhere more comfortable?' he asks, rolling his hips up under Merlin.

Merlin cocks his head to one side though, half-closing his eyes. 'Nah,' he says, drawling it. 'You can't ask me to leave my D'arcy,' he adds, drumming the fingers of one hand on Arthur's shoulder in time with the bassline of the song.

'Am I going to have to leave you and your D'arcy alone?' Arthur asks, fiddling with Merlin's fly. It's not that he badly wants to get down to business, it's just ...

'I don't mind sharing if you don't,' Merlin says wickedly.

'Maybe I do,' Arthur mock-growls into Merlin's throat. 'Maybe the thought of you and D'arcy Wretzky getting your basstacular freak on fills me with Heathcliffian rage.'

'Well we can't have that, can we.' In one movement Merlin is up off Arthur's lap, leaving it feeling very cold and alone, and turning the CD off. Billy Corgan gets cut off halfway through offering up the night, tonight, and Merlin's back. 'Better?' he asks.

'Much,' says Arthur, and kisses him again.

The silence rings like a bell, weird and uncommon. Merlin plucks at Arthur's shirt, lifts himself away a bit. He's got his serious face on.

'I'm leaving Albion,' Arthur cuts in, before Merlin can say anything about maybe this isn't such a good idea.

'You're- what?'

'I ... can't justify my father's tactics to myself any longer,' Arthur says. It's mostly true.

'I didn't mean it to turn out like this,' Merlin says, looking a bit tortured. He starts to slide off Arthur's lap. Arthur clutches his hips and holds him firm. 'I just wanted to - and then you'd've gone, and this whole thing-'

'This whole thing where, hopefully, eventually, I might get to take you to bed, and then wake up with you in the morning?' Arthur asks.

'Well yeah, but-'

'As opposed to the thing where I might have had a fumble in a bathroom toilet and never seen you again?'

'I wasn't-'

'Merlin,' says Arthur firmly. 'I didn't follow Old Religion around for six months because I liked the way Drake winked at me every damn time he saw me.'

'But I've ruined your relationship with your father-'

'I never had a relationship with my father, you idiot.'

'And now you're giving up your job-'

Arthur tilts Merlin's head up and stares him in the eye. 'Shut up,' he says.

Merlin does so.

'Right. Let's clear this up right now. You haven't ruined anything, except my ability to listen to the Smashing Pumpkins ever again without some disturbing mental images involving you and Ms Wretzky, which I am endeavouring to suppress as we speak. I would very much like for this thing where you come home with me to be a regular thing. For one, my couch, and definitely my bed, is infinitely more comfortable than a bathroom stall, and for another, if I saw you go home with one of your other shameless groupies then I might actually experience some Heathcliffian rage.'

Merlin blinks at him.

'I like you, you idiot. Shag or no shag. Job or no job. It doesn't matter.' Arthur rolls Merlin off him and onto the couch, and gets up. The LEDs on the amp glitter - Merlin hadn't turned it off, just stopped the disc. Arthur flips Mellon Collie out, and peers at his CD rack for a bit. He hears Merlin rustling behind him on the couch, probably easing himself into the sweet spot, but that's okay. Arthur reckons he can probably afford to relinquish the sweet spot for this, anyway. To make a point. Talking doesn't seem to be working, but this might. The sheer soppiness of the gesture makes him wince, but if anything will make an impression, it's got to be something with a bassline.

Arthur hits 'Play' again. Merlin stares up at him from the couch, from the sweet spot.

Tender is the night, lying by your side...

'So don't you dare leave,' Arthur says.

***

If anyone's interested, the songs mentioned by titles and/or lyrics in this fic are, in order:

'Breed' - Nirvana
'Touch Me I'm Sick' - Mudhoney
'Dress' - PJ Harvey
'Baba O Riley' - The Who
'Another Love Song' - Queens of the Stone Age
'Infected' - Bad Religion
'Black' - Pearl Jam
'Better Off Dead' - Bad Religion
'Let Me In' - R.E.M.
'Battery' - Metallica
'Setting Forth' - Eddie Vedder
'Mind Eraser (No Chaser)' - Them Crooked Vultures
'Tonight, Tonight' - The Smashing Pumpkins
'Tender' - Blur