Coerced
by Kathy B.
kathybxx@hotmail.com


Part 6

I spent the rest of the morning picking up the downstairs, then damp 
mopping the kitchen floor and vacuuming the carpets in the other 
rooms. Although I'd always worn heels to work, I'd never cleaned in 
them before, and rarely spent that much time standing with them on. I 
was only allowed to sit in the kitchen or in my room and my ass was 
way too sore for those hard kitchen chairs, so I stayed on my feet 
despite the cramping.

By lunchtime I was starving. As much as I wanted something to eat, I 
didn't want to give Sheila any excuse to punish me. Desperate, I went 
out to the garage and checked Max's dish. He'd left half a dozen 
granules of dog food. I was so hungry I picked them out of the grime 
and ate them. They were dry and tasteless but they took the edge off. 
As I squatted by the dish, crunching my food, Lisa came out into the 
garage. She looked at me in disgust.

"What are you eating?"

"Dog food, ma'am."

"Did Mom say you could eat that?"

"Yes, ma'am," I replied. "She said I could eat whatever I found in 
Max's dish."

"You better not be lying to me," Lisa warned.

"I'm not," I promised.

"I'll check when I get home. I have to go to work now." Lisa worked 
afternoons and evenings at a local amusement park. She turned to go.

"Wait," I called. "Please," I added quickly when she glared at me. 
"I'm still hungry," I pleaded.

"So. That's not my problem," Lisa retorted. "Mom said you could only 
have what was in Max's dish, right?" Then it dawned on her. "You want 
more dog food?"

"Yes, please," I said, embarrassed.

Lisa sighed. "All right, I suppose I can feed you. Sit up and beg."

I squatted on my heels and stuck my hands up in the air, mimicking a 
begging dog while she got a small cup of dog food. She kept me like 
that for several minutes as she circled me, even sliding her sneaker 
under me to rub my dangling pussy lips. I was humiliated but too 
hungry to do anything about it. I could feel her shoe scraping across 
my pussy as she rubbed me. My face turned red and I was soon panting 
as I became aroused.

"Your turn. Play with yourself," she ordered. I quickly slipped a 
hand under my skirt and behgan pumping a finger in and out of my 
slick cunt while I stroked my clit. Lisa watched me masturbate, 
waiting until my chest heaved with an impending orgasm before 
ordering me to stop and lick my fingers clean. I groaned in 
frustration as I pulled them from my steaming crotch.

When she finally dumped the food into the dish, she wouldn't allow me 
to use my hands. I was forced to put my face in Max's dirty bowl and 
chase the chunks around with my tongue. Max came in and looked 
curiously at me as I hungrily ate his food. I was still eating when 
Lisa left, shaking her head in disgust.

After lunch, I hurried upstairs and made the beds. As I was 
finishing, I heard the phone ring. I hurried to answer.

"Hello?"

I heard Sheila's voice. "You should have said, 'Winters residence, 
Charlene speaking,' stupid."

"Yes, Mrs. Winters. Sorry, ma'am," I apologized.

"I just called to see how you are doing. Any problems?"

"No, ma'am."

"Did you get the wine yet?"

"Not yet," I replied. "I was just getting ready to go."

"Hurry up. I'll be home in a few hours and you'd better have dinner 
ready." She hung up.

I found the money to pay for the wine and was on my way out the door 
when I suddenly realized I wasn't wearing any bra or panties. The 
dress was too low cut to wear a bra underneath but I didn't want to 
go out without panties on. The slightest breeze would leave me bare 
for the world to see. I knew I wasn't supposed to be wearing panties, 
but I'd just talked to Sheila and I knew she was at work so I decided 
to take a chance. I hurried upstairs and pulled on a pair of panties 
from Sheila's drawer.

I left the house and walked down the sidewalk, my breasts jiggling as 
I clicked along in my heels. I was so embarrassed to be seen wearing 
such a skimpy outfit, I walked as rapidly as I could. Unfortunately, 
that made my breasts bounce even more vigorously. I had to constantly 
adjust my plunging neckline, tucking my nipples back in or pulling my 
top back up as it threatened to slide off my boobs completely. I 
tried crossing my arms under my bust but that just made things worse. 
I must have squeezed them too tight because my boobs popped right out 
of the top like a bar of soap in a bathtub. I quickly pulled my top 
back over them but not before a passing car honked.

Luckily, it was only a few blocks to the liquor store. I was sweating 
from the heat and my rapid pace so the air conditioning felt good. I 
felt my nipples pucker as the sweat on my tits dried.

Nobody was in the store except the clerk, who stared at me as I 
hurried to the wine section. I heard the front bell tinkle as I 
selected a nice red. When I got to the counter, another man was 
there, asking for a special order. He looked at me curiously as I 
waited, avoiding eye contact.

"Don't I know you?" he finally asked.

I turned away. "I don't think so."

"I'm pretty sure I do," he argued. Suddenly, he snapped his fingers. 
"I do know you. Aren't you Mark Hopkins' wife?"

My face turned beet red as I slowly nodded.

"Yeah, that's what I thought. I Rick Mott. I'm a buyer for Boylan 
Industries. Your husband is one of my suppliers." He grinned. "Mark 
has some wife. Is that what you wear to work? I thought you worked at 
a stockbroker's or something."

"I used to work for an insurance agency but I quit," I replied, 
wanting to escape. Mott was a crude pig. He didn't even pretend to 
look at my face as he spoke but instead stared at my exposed chest 
and legs.

"So what do you do now?" he asked, leering at me. "Stay home and keep 
ol' Mark satisfied?"

I didn't want to tell him what I did but he made staying home sound 
dirty so I shook my head. "I-I'm a maid," I said.

"A maid?" he asked, incredulous. "You left an insurance company to 
become a maid?" He shook his head. "Whatever floats your boat, I 
guess. I'll tell your husband I ran into you," he said as he took his 
package. "Maybe I'll 'run into' you again, sweetie," he said as he 
turned to leave.

Compared to Mott, the clerk was a gentleman but he still ogled my 
chest as he rang up my purchase. I hurried out of the store and back 
to Sheila's house, anxious to regain some privacy.

I chilled the wine, put dinner in the oven and was just setting the 
table when I heard Sheila's car in the driveway. I even remembered to 
take off Sheila's panties and throw them in the hamper.

Sheila entered the house and dropped her briefcase on the floor. She 
sat down on the couch and slipped her shoes off as I entered the 
room.

"You used the front door, didn't you Charlene?" she asked.

I was startled. How did she know? "Yes, Shei... , I mean Mrs. 
Winters. I'm sorry, I just forgot. Please don't paddle me," I begged.

Sheila snorted. "It's not that serious. Still, you need to learn. 
Tonight you can sleep in the garage instead of the basement. Do it 
again and you'll sleep out on the front steps. Take care of my shoes, 
please."

"Yes, ma'am. Thank you, ma'am," I replied gratefully. I bent over to 
pick up Sheila's shoes and heard her gasp.

"Turn around and bend over," she ordered. I quickly complied, baring 
my ass and pussy for her inspection. What was the matter? Did I need 
to shave my pussy again already? Sheila stood, walked around me, then 
softly rubbed my ass.

"Tell me, Charlene. Why do I see panty marks in your skin if you've 
been wearing your uniform all day? I don't remember giving you 
permission to wear any underwear."

Oh, shit! I hadn't taken them off soon enough! I started to stand up 
but Sheila put her hand on the back of my neck and pushed me back. 
"I'm sorry, Mrs. Winters. I was afraid someone would see my pussy 
when I went to the liquor store. Please don't paddle me. I'll never 
do it again," I promised as I burst into tears. Sobbing, I threw 
myself on the floor and hugged her feet. I'd never survive another 
paddling so soon.

"You should have thought of that before you made such a big mistake," 
Sheila said. "I can't believe you would violate my orders like this. 
I can't trust you at all."

"I'm so sorry," I cried. "I was embarrassed. I didn't want anybody to 
see my pussy."

"You stupid slut, half the town has already seen it," Sheila 
retorted. "The rest don't want to. "When I give you an order, I 
expect you to obey it. Go get me the panties you wore."

I quickly scurried to retrieve the panties from the hamper. Sheila 
pulled a marker from the drawer. Stretching them across the coffee 
table, she wrote, "GOOD FOR ONE DATE WITH CHARLENE HOPKINS" across 
the seat, then told me to put them on.

"You still need to be paddled for your disobedience, Charlene," she 
told me. However, I'll cut your punishment in half if you follow two 
simple instructions.

"Thank you, Mrs. Winters," I said, grateful for any relief. "I'll do 
whatever you say."

"Good. It's time for you to exercise. I want you to jog out to the 
water plant and back. Somewhere along the way I will beep you on my 
pager. Wherever you are, I expect you to take off the panties and 
leave them. I don't expect you to hide them; I may use the cell phone 
to call, so I can see you. Second, when you come in the front door I 
want to smell cum on your breath. I don't care whose; you decide. You 
need some protein before you eat your dinner."

I was so grateful for the chance to lessen my punishment that I 
didn't care about anything else. "Thank you, Mrs. Winters," I sobbed 
as I knelt at her feet.

Sheila brought me a pair of jogging shorts and a sports bra. "You're 
just too big on top to jog braless," she said. "You'll hurt 
yourself." I was surprised at her compassion until I realized I 
wasn't wearing any other top except the white bra.

Dressed in the panties, shorts, bra and sneakers, I stretched a 
little in the front yard and jogged slowly down the street. As out of 
shape as I was, I was soon puffing badly but I maintained a steady 
pace to the edge of town. After the first mile I was soaked in sweat 
and my nipples were clearly visible through the cotton bra. 
Fortunately the bra was very tight and I wasn't bouncing too badly.

Despite my breathing difficulties, the jog to the plant wasn't bad. I 
went slowly but only had to walk one short leg. I was almost there 
when the pager at my belt went off.

I reached for my panties, then realized I had to take my shorts off 
to remove them. Panicked, I looked around more some shelter but only 
found some weeds just off the road. I hurried into them, quickly 
pulled my shorts and panties off, them put my shorts back on. As I 
started jogging again, I dropped the panties on the ground. With 
luck, they'd never be found.

An older man was sitting in the guardhouse as I reached the gate. I 
slowed to catch my breath again and saw him staring at my heaving 
chest. Remembering my second task, I smiled at him.

"Hi," I said.

"Nice night for a run," he said as he studied my nipples.

"I'm just trying to get back in shape," I panted. "It's tough."

"Don't worry, you'll do it. What's your name?"

"Charlene." I knew Sheila wasn't going to allow me much time. "Um, 
can I come in and sit down for a minute?"

"Sure," he smiled. "Come on in."

I slipped into the cramped kiosk, letting my boobs rub his chest as I 
slid by. Skipping preliminaries, I waited for him to sit down then 
slid onto his knee.

He slid his hand under my shorts and cupped my bare cunt. "Hey, no 
panties. You're one hot cunt," he grinned as he easily slipped two 
fingers into my pussy.

I flinched under his insult but forced a grin to my face. "Thanks," I 
said as I sank to my knees and reached for his zipper.

His cock was disappointingly small. I slipped it into my mouth and 
started working it with my tongue, trying to coax a load as quickly 
as possible. When I sank my lips to the root, I smelled his rank 
crotch odor and struggled not to gag.

As I blew him, I couldn't help wondering why I was disappointed in 
his cock size. What difference did it make? I was only doing it 
because I was ordered to, wasn't I? The goal was a load of cum in my 
stomach and a mild case of bad breath, not sexual satisfaction. So 
why did I wish he was better hung?

He might not have had a big cock, but he sure had a big load and it 
didn't take him long to shoot it. He gripped my head and jammed my 
face down into his sweaty trousers as he arched up from his seat. 
Pressing himself deep into my mouth, he pumped long hot jets of sperm 
into my throat. It actually tasted pretty good, probably because I 
hadn't eaten much all day, and I eagerly swallowed every drop.

As soon as he finished cumming, he sank back into his chair and 
reached for my boobs. "Nice blowjob, honey," he said. "Let's see the 
rest of the package."

"I can't, I have to get home," I pulled away. "I need to go."

"What the hell are you talking about?" he asked. "We're just getting 
started!"

"Sorry," I said as I slipped out the door and started running.

"Come back tomorrow," he called as I ran down the road.

The run home was pretty uneventful, although the seam of my shorts 
irritated my pussy and made it dampen from the stimulation. I was 
exhausted when I finally staggered into the yard.

All the doors were locked and I found Sheila sunning herself in the 
back yard. "Did you follow my instructions?" she asked.

"Yes, ma'am," I replied.

"Take off your clothes," she ordered. Fortunately, the yard was 
surrounded by a tall hedge. I stripped, then bent over so she could 
smell my breath. "Good girl, Charlene," she said as she cupped one of 
my dangling breasts. "You're a sweaty little cocksucker."

She stood and went to the hose. "Lift your arms." When I complied, 
she turned the ice cold spray on me. I yipped and jumped around but 
held still when she reprimanded me. She rinsed me from head to toe, 
paying special attention to my pussy and ass. By the time she was 
done, I was shivering.

"You can go naked the rest of the night. Check on supper, wash out 
your uniform for tomorrow and draw a bath for me." As I turned to go, 
she reminded me. "Get the paddle back out, too. We will need it later 
tonight."
