JAMIE

BY TOMMY

Part 7

The next few days passed with Miss Taylor continuing the same
routine. She congratulated herself on the progress that the boy
was making. Certainly he'd be at the top of the class when school
started.

She was amazed at how fast the bruising on his buttocks faded,
concluding that it was due not only to the boy's vigorous state
of health, but also the fact that his daily beatings must have
already accustomised his backside to receiving such treatment.

Although anxious to give his bottom time to recover, she had
decided that on no account should she show greater leniency. The
old leather tawse was put to work more frequently. If Jamie
thought that only the palms of his hands would be red, he was
very much mistaken. He learned very quickly that the back and
sides of a boy's thighs were almost as ideal for spanking as the
bottom, the latter, though being spared the cane, still felt Miss
Turner's hand at least once a day. After all, she reasoned, at
least with her hand, she could avoid the areas of his buttocks
still marked by the Headmaster's cane.

At first she had been apprehensive about using the martinet left
by John, but having witnessed the various ways it could be
applied, she was determined to put it to use on a regular basis.
She also realised that, while it could quite easily be used
across the buttocks, its true value lay in the way in which the
thin leather cords could reach places inaccessible to other
implements.

It was also apparent that the optimum position to receive such
chastisement was markedly different from that employed
traditionally. To her delight, and to Jamie's intense
embarrassment, she decided that the ideal solution was to have
the boy lie on his back, at the end of an armchair or sofa with
his bottom on the armrest and roll back, bringing his legs up
over towards his shoulders. With the soft armrest supporting his
lower back, he was in the perfect position. His hands behind his
knees, the boy could pull his legs back until his buttocks were
sticking straight up. Adding considerably to his embarrassment,
she hit upon the idea of making him open his legs as wide as
possible, a position which she found most definitely exciting,
but one which caused Jamie to blush an even deeper red.

She had spent a happy fifteen minutes getting the hang of how
best to apply the martinet, taking care to moderate the force of
the strokes and watching the boy's reaction carefully. Having the
boy open his legs meant his buttocks were pulled slightly apart
bringing his small puckered anus into full view. Both this area
and his soft inner thighs soon felt the sting of the martinet 
albeit quite softly the first few times. At first, a few badly
aimed strokes occasionally caught the boy's even more tender
places. Jamie's squeals when this occurred worried her at first,
but she quickly saw that no real damage was done. In fact, she
soon became quite adept at aiming the martinet in such a way so
the tips of a few cords always landed on these places. It also
served as a warning and punishment if he wriggled or failed to
keep his legs in position.

His 'milking sessions' as she called them, became as much a part
of his daily routine as the spelling and maths tests. Having
resigned himself to the fact that he had no other choice, Jamie
meekly accepted her daily examinations of his private parts,
whether in the bedroom, bath, gym or school room. Miss Turner
secretly enjoyed discovering his most erogenous zones and used
them to spectacular effect while masturbating him. While his
penis, anus and testicles were, as to be expected, extremely
responsive to her caresses, she soon found that the sides of his
scrotum were without doubt the most sensitive.

Three days after his Headmaster's visit, the bruises had just
about vanished. Watching the boy running around the garden, clad
as ever, in thin tight vest and shorts, she heard the phone ring.
This was probably Marjorie, she thought. It was nice of her to
offer to take Jamie for a while. No doubt the boy's education
would benefit from her friend's input.

Thirty minutes later, she returned from the hall. The
conversation had been long. She still couldn't believe the news.
She sat down and shook her head. First the letter, now this. A
lot to think about! Slowly she smiled, then started to laugh.
What was the time? Goodness, no wonder she felt hungry. The poor
boy must be starving. Opening the window, she called him in.

"But, this afternoon miss?" asked Jamie, a fork halfway to his
mouth. Miss Turner nodded. "Yes Jamie. As you know, Miss Stenton
offered to take you for a while, and as it happens, she'll be
passing in a few hours time with a friend." A look of
apprehension crossed his face. She smiled. "So we have time for a
bit more studying after lunch, then I have to pack a few things
for you." Not that he'd need many clothes, she thought. "Miss
Stenton has a lot of experience in teaching boys your age, and I
think you'll benefit from some time with her."

Jamie considered this thoughtfully. Of course, the truth was, he
wasn't really thinking about Miss Stenton or the work he'd be
doing with her. He remembered the look that her daughters had
given him as they'd left and he shivered.

"Well, if you've finished, I suggest you go and finish that story
you were writing this morning." Miss Turner rose and started
clearing the table. "Don't forget to use the dictionary to check
spelling, oh, and best handwriting please!"

She watched the boy leave the room and sighed. She'd miss him
while he was gone. But he'd be back in four or five days. Then
they'd have a few more weeks of holiday left before She
wondered. The letter she'd received that morning had been from
the local social services. It appeared that Jamie's foster
parents would not be returning to England, the husband having
been offered a permanent position out in Sydney. The letter had
thanked her for taking Jamie over the holidays and had requested,
apologetically, if she would consider keeping the boy until
alternative arrangements could be made. Since Jamie had already
started secondary education, the rules obliged them to avoid
changing his school unless absolutely necessary. Given the rural
nature of the local area, Miss Turner didn't think much of their
chances of finding replacement foster parents  at least not for
many months.

Much as she enjoyed having Jamie stay, she had certainly never
entertained the idea of keeping him during term time. She took
her teaching duties seriously and the copious amount of marking
and preparation required in the evenings would leave her with
little time for dealing with a growing boy. Thoughit would be
fun! She grinned. Now, what was the time? She'd be here in two
hours. They certainly had much to discuss!

She looked around her. Wash up, get changed and then..? Did they
have time? Of course. Turning on the tap she chuckled. After
breakfast she'd given him a dose of the tawse on his hand and
thrown another punishment sheet away. That had been hours ago.
Some people liked to relax after lunch with a cigarette. Miss
Turner shuddered. Filthy habit! What could be more relaxing than
spanking a boy's bare bottom? Really, some people!

"So it's all true then?" asked Miss Turner incredulously. "He
really intends to do it?" Marjorie Stenton put her cup down and
nodded. "Absolutely. Of course, John only made the decision this
morning. Oh Joyce, he asked me to apologise for not telling you
first, but he's been in meetings and" Miss Turner laughed. "No,
that's okay. He must be rushed off his feet. Well, I must say
it's really wonderful news. So, you're considering joining him.
You as well, Barbara?"

She looked at the other woman sitting opposite her. She hadn't
seen Barbara Richards for almost ten years, but the woman had
hardly changed. As slim and refined looking as ever, she sat
rather stiffly, as though at attention. The private school she
taught at obviously paid well, she thought. Barbara was wearing a
most expensive severe looking black dress that hugged her slim
figure and gave her the look of a lady that meant business.

"Well, I thought about it very carefully, and.." Her friend
laughed. "Oh yes Barbara, about five seconds I think!" Barbara
nodded, her eyes shining. "Yes, I can't deny that the chance to
work with John and so many other friends is not one to be
missed." She glanced at Joyce and appeared to be pondering
something. She sighed and looked at Marjorie. "I really think we
should tell her!" Miss Turner looked confused. "I beg your
pardon. Tell me what?" Marjorie grinned and gazed at Joyce, her
face one big smile. "Before he left, John talked a little about
his plans. I have to ask you a very important question!"

John Slack's parents had, many years ago, made the acquaintance
of a Mr Ballfour, a very successful, though modest businessman.
Over years, he'd become a close friend of the family and had
followed John's education closely. Although Mr Ballfour had
feigned ignorance, John was sure that the disappearance of a
large bank loan taken at university was all his doing. He'd been
like an uncle to John and, when he'd admitted to inheriting his
father's title of Lord, much to John's surprise, he had gone to
great lengths to show that nothing would change.

Lord Ballfour's interest in education was well known. It was
perhaps only a few very close friends who knew or suspected that
his interest was not just in the boys' minds! His death came as a
shock to everyone. Having been only a close friend rather than
family, John was surprised to receive an invitation to visit
Ballfour's lawyer.

The Ballfour Education Trust ran into millions. Provisions for
capital expenditure, funds for immediate running costs and a
substantial investment portfolio, the dividends providing a more
than ample income for salaries and other expenses. The one
stipulation had been for John to be given complete control of the
trust in order to fund a private boarding school for orphaned
boys.

John had resigned his post immediately. Fortunately, the time
still remaining during summer holidays meant he would not be
required to return to the school where he'd only recently been
appointed Head. If he had any doubts about his next course of
action, he was pre-empted by another letter from the same laywer.
Lord Ballfour, it seemed, had bought a large mansion shortly
before he died. A codicile in his will requested the building and
grounds to be included in the trust. John had his school!

"Deputy Headmistress?" Joyce's mouth fell open in astonishment.
"He wants me to be his deputy Headmistress?" Marjorie nodded and
wiped a tear from her eye. "Of course. Obviously, he'll be there
as much as he can, but he was worried that with so much to do
with administering the trust, he wouldn't have time for the
actual running of the school." She paused. "As for renumeration,
he intends to place all salaries at twice the going rate." She
glanced at her friend and tried not to laugh. "He wants to
attract the 'correct' sort of teacher!" All three women exchanged
slightly guilty, knowing looks. "Oh, and he wondered if perhaps
Jamie might be one of the first boys to attend. After what you've
told me about his circumstances, it sounds a very good idea,
don't you think?"

Miss Turner didn't reply for a few seconds, her head spinning.
Headmistress private boarding school Jamie? "Er..yes, it does"
she said at last. Then she smiled. "Sorry, but it quite took me
my surprise. I never expected it..never" Barbara nodded. "I think
it's a marvellous idea. We'll all be together-just like old
times. Oh, and finally able to run a school exactly how we want!"
She grinned. "Marjorie's been telling me about Jamie." Joyce
blushed, but Barbara's eyes were sparkling. "I think you're going
to make a first rate Headmistress. Boys are such a nuisance
sometimes. You wouldn't believe how many I have to cane every
day. The only thing to do is to apply stricter discipline! You
obviously have the right approach with Jamie. From what I've
heard, you've really taken him in hand. A firm grip, that's
what's needed!"

Joyce blushed an even deeper shade of red, then looked at
Marjorie who was laughing. What on earth? She saw the look in
their eyes and understood. Barbara certainly hadn't changed. Not
in the slightest!

She was about to say something when the door opened and Jamie
entered, a pile of papers in his hand. "Miss, I finished the test
and brought these down like you said." He saw the women and
hesitated. Miss Turner smiled at him. "Oh come in Jamie. I'll
introduce you." She took the papers and gave them to Marjorie.
"These are those punishment sheets I was telling you about. I
normally get through two or three a day." She saw the look in
Jamie's eyes. "Miss Stenton has agreed to continue our little
routine during your visit Jamie. I think it's very kind of her."

Jamie didn't think so, but wisely held his tongue. He shook hands
with Miss Richards and, seeing Miss Turner point to a plate,
politely walked round offering everyone a biscuit. Barbara's eyes
bulged as she took in the boy's attire. A short white teashirt
hugged his young body, outlining the puppy fat he still
possessed. His light blue shorts were the culmination of weeks of
experimenting and were without doubt the very best that Miss
Turner had ever produced. At the bottom they left at least two
inches of his pert buttocks on show and disappeared mysteriously
into his cleft. The front, as usual, meant that his little boy
parts were outlined so perfectly that Barbara swore she could
even see his foreskin.

There was silence. "So, er, Joyce, how has Jamie been coping with
his studies?" she asked at last, finally tearing her eyes away
from the boy. "Oh, very well indeed." She smiled at the boy in
question, busy on his third biscuit. "Healthy?" asked Barbara,
gazing again at Jamie. Those shorts! So "Oh very" replied her
host. She paused. "I was worried that he may have a torsion when
he arrived, and I'm keeping an eye on him. So far though,
everything seems fine." She noticed the twinkle in Barbara's
eyes. "However, not having too much experience in these things,
I'd be grateful for your opinion. I imagine that working in a
boys boarding school, you must be quite familiar with this
problem."

Barbara nearly choked on her biscuit. It the truth were known,
yes, she had much experience, but was rarely asked to engage in
one of her favourite hobbies in such a direct way. "Yyes of
course. It's a common complaint among boys of Jamie's age." She
glanced at the boy. "Perhaps I could.." Jamie, engrossed in his
biscuit had only just realised what his teacher was talking
about. He reddened. Surely she wouldn't..? He looked at Miss
Stenton. It had been so embarrassing last week when she'd held
his"

"Jamie, are you listening?" He looked up at his teacher. "I said,
go over to Miss Richards and let her examine you. Now please,
Jamie!" His throat suddenly dry, he walked over to the tall thin
lady. Please don't let her, please don't! "Now then, we'll just
slip these off for a second shall we?" He felt her bony fingers
slide his shorts down, pulling a little harder to free the
material wedged tightly between his buttocks. He stepped out of
them and watched as she folded the shorts neatly and placed them
on the edge of the chair. Cool air wafted between his legs making
his small scrotum contract as if wishing to hide.

He closed his eyes, hoping that perhaps, just perhaps, this was
all a dream and the three ladies would fade away. He gasped as
the lady's hand delved between his legs. Barbara sighed. "It's
very difficult to examine the testicles when this happens. We
need them a bit looser. Perhaps if you jump up and down a bit
Jamie, you'll warm your body up. Can you do that please?" She
pointed to his vest. "Hold your vest up to your tummy please. I
don't want it to get in the way. Good boy. Higher please. Now a
bit of jumping. That's right!"

The three women watched with pleasure as the young boy jumped in
front of them, his soft buttocks wobbling and jiggling about. Of
course, had they waited a few minutes, the boy's testicles would
have returned to their relaxed state. The day was warm. However,
that would not have been nearly as much fun! Although his
buttocks were no longer bruised, it was clear that he'd been
spanked quite recently. Marjorie gazed at the boy's bottom and
looked at her watch. A few more hours and she'd have him in her
own home. She licked her lips in anticipation.

"Okay, good boy, but bend your knees more when you bounce. You'll
warm up a lot faster. Oh, and turn around this way. That's
right." Barbara gently turned the boy so that the others had a
better view. After all, she thought, it wasn't polite to deprive
them of such a glorious spectacle.

Joyce, already familiar with Jamie's exertions in the gym, hardly
blinked. Marjorie stifled a gasp just in time. The corners of her
mouth twitched. Jamie was engrossed in his exercise and was
blissfully unaware of his penis flapping up and down as he
jumped. Urged by Miss Richards to jump a little higher, it
started to slap against his tummy. Marjorie exhaled slowly and
felt her heart race. What a sight! She grinned. Perhaps they'd
have time for a little PE lesson later when she got him to her
own house. The girls were at a friend's party and wouldn't be
home until quite late.

Jamie suddenly became aware of what was happening and slowed
down, his face crimson. "Miss, please..I." Barbara shook her
head. "No Jamie, higher please! A few more minutes yet." Her
fingers felt his little balls and he almost fell over. She
smiled. "Oh Jamie, I'm sorry, it must be uncomfortable with that
flapping all over the place. Here, I'll just"

What happened next took even Miss Turner by surprise. Barbara
caught hold of the boy's penis and held it firmly, her hand
rising and falling slightly as he jumped. "There, that's better
isn't it?" Jamie didn't think so at all, but a steely glint in
her eye told him now wasn't the time to discuss it.

Marjorie stared, her eyes almost popping out. Joyce raised her
eyebrows and sat back in her armchair. She looked at Barbara with
a new found respect. The woman had style! The look on Jamie's
face was a sight to behold. Barbara seemed to be gripping the
boy's young manhood quite firmly, yet looking closely, Joyce
could see the woman's fingers moving, occasionally squeezing a
little harder. She wondered if the boy was aware of what she was
doing. No, probably not.

"Hmm, I think you're warm enough now, aren't you?" announced
Barbara, patting the boy's bottom. Joyce noted with delight that
Barbara was still holding Jamie's penis. She chuckled quietly to
herself. A woman after her own heart!

Panting slightly, Jamie now had to suffer the indignity of having
his scrotum examined while the others watched closely. The lady
felt each little testicle in turn, squeezing slightly and asking
him if it hurt. Why was she still holding his willy so tightly?
It didn't feel at all unpleasant, in fact, quite the opposite,
but it was just so embarrassing!

"Here Marjorie, what do you think?" asked Barbara at last. She
pulled the boy between them. "I don't think there's anything
serious, but it's probably best if you check his testicles
occasionally while he's staying with you. Oh, and it's easier if
you hold his little thing out of the way while you examine them."

Before Jamie could protest, Miss Stenton's hand had replaced her
friend's and was gently pulling him closer. He looked at her in
dismay. This wasn't happening- was it? Now the other lady was
holding his willy. It just wasn't fair. If only. 

He jumped as she gripped his delicate little balls and began feeling them.
"Hmm, I think you're right. I wonder if they've descended
correctly." She tickled them with the tips of her fingers. "I'll
certainly be keeping an eye on them while he's with me!" She
gripped his willy harder and patted his balls with the palm of
her hand. "Oh for goodness sake Jamie, stop fidgeting. Stand
still!"

Marjorie poked the left testicle and frowned. "Christine was
asking me about that yesterday." The others looked at her in
surprise. She saw their expressions and laughed. "Well, I took
your advice Joyce, and told her she can start helping me when we
have boys visiting for private tuition. I must say, she's taken
it all very seriously. I caught her reading our medical
encyclopedia yesterday. All about the reasons for circumcision,
oh, and undescended testicles. Apparently a very common
complaint."

Jamie felt her release him and pat his bottom. "Do they feel
descended to you Joyce?" For a second, Jamie's teacher didn't
answer. She was staring, as were all the ladies, at Jamie's
penis, which, having spent the good part of ten minutes being
held firmly by the ladies' hands, was now celebrating its freedom
by standing stiffly to attention.

Its freedom was short lived. Miss Turner, acting as if nothing
had happened, gently pulled the boy to her and continued the
pattern that her friends had started. "Well, to be honest, I'm
not sure" she said after a pause. "Jamie, if you don't stand
still, I'll spank you!" The boy stopped his wriggling and tried
to pretend that the other ladies weren't there.

"As for requiring circumcision, well, I don't think Jamie has a
problem." Releasing her grip on Jamie's penis, she opened her
hand to illustrate her point. "The reason some boys have tight
foreskins is because they are not supervised in the bath." To
Jamie's intense embarrassment and to the ladies' obvious delight,
Miss Turner demonstrated her point by sliding the boy's foreskin
up and down, uncovering his pink glans completely. "As you see,
it's a lot easier if he has an erection and allows me to ensure
that everything is washed correctly."

Her hand closed tightly around the boy's throbbing manhood, and
she gave it a little squeeze. Marjorie shifted in her seat and
hoped her excitement wasn't too obvious. How she looked forward
to giving him a bath later! Hopefully, before her daughters
returned. Yes, it had been fun bathing the other little boys who
occasionally stayed, but none were as well endowed as young
Jamie. He'd be going to bed tonight with a very clean willy.
She'd make sure of that!

"So Christine's helping you now, is she?" continued Miss Turner.
She stroked the back of Jamie's scrotum and felt his penis jerk.
She tightened her grip. "Oh, she's marvellous!" replied Marjorie.
"It means that I have more time to myself. We had a little boy
staying a few days ago and I was able to go into town and leave
him with her." She smiled at the memory. "Of course, I have to
allow her complete authority to act as she sees fit, but she
seems to take it very seriously. He played up a bit when she
tried to give him a bath and used some very bad words, so after
the bath I gave her permission to cane him." She paused. "I don't
think I had much choice. Besides, he certainly didn't try that
again! I made her practise on a cushion before she used it on
him. She's really quite good you know. You should have seen the
boy's face when he saw her with the cane!"

Joyce laughed and gave Jamie's penis another squeeze. "Well, I'm
so pleased that she's helping you now." She let go of the boy's
throbbing manhood and raised her eyebrows, pretending to be
surprised. "Oh Jamie, I'm sorry. Don't be embarrassed. I know
it's not your fault. It's all this attention your privates have
been getting isn't it?"

Despite her kind words, her other hand never left the boy's
testicles. Marjorie gazed at the boy's erection and felt a tremor
run through her body. Barbara shook her head. "Marjorie told me
about what happened last time she was here. We have similar
problems all the time at our school. As soon as they reach
puberty they start playing with themselves. You have to nip it in
the bud immediately!" She sighed. "I can't say I agree with your
ideas on controlled masturbation, but I suppose it's one way of
dealing with it. We use the old fashioned way at our school." A
smile flickered across her lips. "A few spot checks soon gets the
message across!"

Miss Turner looked puzzled. "What do you mean?" Barbara grinned.
"Well, we have a rule that whenever a teacher blows her whistle,
all boys have to immediately stand up straight. No matter what
they're doing, or where they are. They have about one second. We
try to make the checks random, though generally just after
they've gone to bed, first thing in the morning, when they're in
the bath and so on."

Joyce nodded. This was interesting. Barbara continued. "The boys
know exactly what we're checking, so when they hear the second
whistle, they have to lower their pyjama trousers and lift their
tops up, ready for inspection. We check each boy for signs of
self-abuse and look at their bedclothes. Boys with partial or
full erections receive twelve with the slipper. Those whom we
suspect of self abuse are put on report for a month, and any boy
actually proven to have abused himself is severely caned and does
PE in the nude for two weeks." Her eyes narrowed. "They learn
pretty fast to control themselves I promise you!"

"What does 'put on report' actually mean?" asked Joyce. She
glanced at Jamie and smiled. "Oh, they simply have to show a
small class diary to the teacher at the end of every lesson. The
teacher checks that the boy doesn't have an erection and puts a
cross in a box. They're supervised a bit more carefully in the
showers, and have to be inspected before getting dressed in the
morning."

Joyce considered this. "I suppose when you're dealing with a
large number of boys, there may be no other option." She tickled
the sides of Jamie's scrotum and felt him flinch. His penis
hardened even more in her hand. "But the problem is Barbara, that
the sexual tension doesn't just go away. No doubt those boys are
wasting a lot of time thinking about how to indulge in their
disgusting habit without getting caught."

Barbara shook her head. "I see your point, but what else can we
do? After all, we'll have to decide on how to handle this soon.
John wants to open his school as soon as possible. He was talking
about three months. Optimistic I agree, but he's already got the
work underway."

"Hmm, you're quite right. We have to think about this" replied
Joyce. "Personally, I've found my technique works very well."
Gently caressing Jamie's balls with her right hand, her left hand
moved behind him. She patted his bottom. "A few minutes, once a
day, and all tension disappears. He's then free to concentrate on
his work instead of being obsessed with playing with himself. I
take it very seriously. He's not allowed to do it himself and has
to ask permission before, er, allowing his milk to spurt." She
smiled at her choice of words. "It also helps with discipline. He
has to learn greater self-control!"

Jamie never remembered what exactly triggered it. Miss Turner's
fingers suddenly stroked the sides of his balls again. Her other
hand, having patted his bottom, gently eased his buttocks apart.
A finger pressed against his tight little anus and slid inside.

He saw stars. Bright stars everywhere. He was pure electricity,
his energy released as the bomb between his legs exploded. The
world ceased to exist. Time stood still.

Silence. Outside he heard a bird singing. The faint rumble of a
lawnmower far away. He opened his eyes. A ray of sunlight
streamed through the window catching the silver buttons on Miss
Richards' dress. Funny! Where had those two extra buttons come
from? Her mouth was wide open, a look of horror and disgust on
her face. As he watched, the two sticky drops of semen slowly
started to trickle down across the expensive black material.

His world came crashing down. All three ladies started to talk at
once. Miss Turner apologising and rushing out for a damp cloth
and tissue paper, Miss Richards obviously shocked but trying not
to make a scene, Miss Stenton fussing round like a hen.

A loud slap on his bottom reverberated around the room. Miss
Turner glared at him angrily. "Over there in the corner, hands on
head facing the wall. Now!" Had poor Jamie not been quite so
overcome with the chaos around him, he might have noticed the
twinkle in her eye. Certainly he never saw the look that passed
between the ladies, or the effort Miss Stenton put into keeping
her features composed. Even Miss Richards, seeing the boy in the
corner with his back to them, grinned at her friends and took
another piece of tissue from Joyce.

"Jamie, come here please!" Miss Turner ordered. She surveyed the
young boy before her, his young smooth genitals looking decidedly
sorry for themselves. His penis had diminished dramatically in
size and looked as if it was hanging its head in shame. Jamie
himself had a tear running down his cheek. He'd embarrassed his
teacher in front of guests. Of course she was going to punish
him, and his buttocks twitched in anticipation of the caning he
was sure he'd soon be receiving. Only, not in front of the others
 please! There was something about being punished in front of
the other ladies that filled him with dread.

"You have behaved in a disgusting way Jamie, and I'm shocked at
your lack of self control." She looked at her watch and sighed.
Miss Stenton and Miss Richards have to leave in exactly ten
minutes, but I cannot allow you to go with them without receiving
some punishment for your carelessness. Go upstairs and wash
yourself. You have two minutes!" She watched the boy start to
leave and smiled. "Oh, and Jamie, bring the martinet with you!"

Returning a few minutes later, Jamie saw the three ladies
standing in the middle of the living room. A large armchair had
been pulled away from the wall. His heart missed a beat. She
wouldn'tno! Not in front of everyone surely?

They watched the boy's expression with interest. Marjorie checked
her watch again. She tried hard to suppress a smile as Jamie
entered. What a lovely little boy he was! His penis looked so
sweet. She shivered. He would be sleeping in her house tonight!

Barbara's eyes narrowed. She had no doubt what would be happening
had this occurred with her in charge. The boy was getting off
lightly! Just wait till they opened the new school!

Taking the martinet that seemed to be burning his hands, Miss
Turner pointed to the armchair. "Into position please Jamie. I
don't want to take all day over this."

Jamie burst into tears. "Please miss, I'm sorry. I'm really
sorry. I didn't mean my my milk to shoot out like that miss." He
looked up at her and wiped his eyes. "Pleasenot in front..not in
front of them..please miss." His teacher looked at him and
smiled. She saw her friends gazing at the martinet in her hands.

"Listen Jamie, you know you deserve it and believe me, you will
get into position." She lowered her voice and tousled his hair.
"I'll tell you what" Her voice was softer now. "If you stay in
position and don't make a fuss, I promise you I won't say
anything to Mr Slack about this, okay?" His eyes grew wider. Mr
Slack? He'd forgotten all about his Headmaster.

"Besides Jamie, the martinet is punishment for your complete lack
of self control. You have also ruined a very expensive dress and
I think it appropriate that either Miss Richards or Miss Stenton
should punish you for that later. I am sure that your behaviour
now will influence their decision on how best to punish you. So I
suggest you be a good little boy and stick that bottom up now!"

A tear ran down his cheek and fell onto his teashirt, now the
only garment he still wore. Blushing fiercely, he sat on the edge
of the chair and rolled backwards, his hips held up at an angle
on one arm of the chair, the other supporting his head. Choking
back the tears, he brought his legs up toward his shoulders and
grasped them just behind the knees.

"A bit more please Jamie!" Miss Turner felt the thin cords of the
martinet and grinned at her friends. "The idea is to get his
bottom as horizontal as possible. It makes it a lot easier. Then
I apply the martinet longways, up over and between his buttocks,
rather than sideways. Far more effective!" They nodded in
agreement, stuck for words at the marvellous spectacle before
them. Joyce chuckled. "Almost ready I think. Just one thing
more"

"Wide apart Jamie! Come on!" She tapped his thigh. The ladies
could almost feel the boy's intense embarrassment as he opened
his legs further. "A bit more! Pull them back more as well.
Quickly Jamie, we don't have all day!"

She looked down at him and smiled. Was there a position on earth
as humiliating and subservient as this for a young male? His most
private possessions on show and displayed for inspection  and
punishment? With the buttocks now pulled slightly apart, his
little anus peeped cheekily up at her. Lowering the martinet over
him, she allowed the cords to dangle between his buttocks,
stifling a laugh as his anus twitched frantically as she teased
it.

Marjorie and Barbara moved a little closer to get a better view.
Barbara looked first at the boy, then at her friend holding the
martinet. This was amazing. She was really quite jealous.
Perhaps, when they opened the new school they could Hmm,
something else to discuss!

Marjorie stood transfixed. The delicious tingling that had
started earlier, now reached an almost unbearable level. She bit
her lip and took deep breaths. This was beautiful! If only she
could hold out a few more minutes. No matter how late they were,
there was no way she could leave without a quick visit to the
bathroom. Oh yes, it would be quick, very quick!

Miss Turner saw Barbara look at her watch. "Gosh, I'm so sorry"
said Joyce, checking her own watch. She ran the cords up over the
boy's bottom and across his genitals, watching with amusement as
his scrotum contracted slightly. "I had planned to give him about
nine strokes, but perhaps under the circumstances, I'll just give
him a few and you can take the martinet and finish his punishment
when you get home. That is, if it's okay with you."

Marjorie almost climaxed there and then. "Er, yesII think
that's a very good idea. How about you Barbara?" Her friend
nodded and tried to keep her voice steady. "Excellent idea!" She
saw Joyce dangle the cords over the boy's anus again and wiped a
bead of sweat from her brow. Having left her own car at
Marjorie's house, she'd planned to leave as soon as they got
back. However, perhaps she'd stay  just a little longer!
Seeing Joyce suddenly wink at them, the two ladies realised what
was happening. Despite his embarrassment and the knowledge of
what was going to happen, the effect of the martinet cords
tickling his anus was slowly making his penis stiff again. They
watched mesmerised as the boy's foreskin slipped slowly across
the tip of his penis allowing the glans to pull itself free.
"Amazing creatures  boys!" muttered Barbara, shaking her head.

"I think I know how to get rid of that!" announce Miss Turner.
She raised the martinet. There was a brief pause, then she
whipped the cords down hard exactly in the middle of his bottom.
There was a high pitched squeal from the boy as a few cords found
their way deep between his buttocks. His thigh muscles rippled as
he fought the urge to close his legs. He'd already found what
happened if he didn't stay in position. The last thing he wanted
was for his teacher to whip him  there!

The second stroke fell in the same place and they watched open
mouthed as the boy's buttocks writhed frantically, clenching and
unclenching as if trying to protect his sensitive anal area from
the whip. His legs moved a little closer together. Immediately,
Miss Turner dangled the cords over his testicles. He got the
message and forced his knees further apart, opening his tear
filled eyes and gazing up at her in desperation. "Please miss,
not there, please miss.."

"You know the rules, Jamie" she almost whispered. "Almost
finished. Be a brave boy and keep your legs wide apart until I
say!" She turned to the others. "He didn't stay in position, so
this one doesn't count."

They watched her raise the martinet and pause slightly, before
whipping it down again, this time, further up. Some of the cords
nipped his scrotum and he almost jumped off the chair. Miss
Turner sighed. What a fuss! The whipping was, she felt, very
light, and not nearly as painful as a caning. She gazed at the
lily white skin in the cleft between his thighs and genitals.
Perfect for the martinet!

She saw his knees move closer again and chuckled. Smiling at her
friends, she dangled the cords over the boy's penis. "Am I going
to have to pull your foreskin back Jamie?" The words had an
electrifying effect. Grasping his knees tightly, the boy
immediately stopped his whining and opened his legs wider than
ever.

Seeing the looks on their faces, she explained. "Every time he
moves his legs closer together, he gets a little reminder." They
gazed at the cords teasing the tip of his willy. "The first, as
you saw, is applied on his testicles, but the second I prefer to
be on his penis." She lowered her hand and tapped the boy's
manhood, now a fraction of its former size. "Preferably with his
foreskin pulled right back. Make sure he gets the message!"

Jamie looked up, his eyes pleading. "Miss, please." She laughed.
"Okay Jamie, get up. I really mustn't keep our guests any
longer."

They watched the young boy extricate himself from his
embarrassing position. Miss Turner handed him his shorts and gave
the martinet to Marjorie. "I think another six or seven should do
the trick" she said, watching the boy pull his shorts up.
Marjorie nodded, trying to keep her features composed.

"Oh, I almost forgot. I put some homework Jamie's been doing in
his bag. There's a tape measure there as well." Marjorie blushed.
She'd already heard about his little project.

Sending Jamie to check everything was in his small bag, she
turned to her friend and smiled. "If you want plenty of work out
of him Marjorie, I do suggest you continue his daily
..er..milking sessions. They really are very effective you know."

"Yes, of course. I don't see any problems there" replied
Marjorie. A thin smile appeared on her lips. She'd make sure
Jamie was milked regularly. But only once a day? She had her own
ideas on the matter. A certain amount of experimentation was in
order!

The good byes were said. Miss Turner hugged Jamie tightly. "You
make sure that you work hard young man" she said, tousling his
hair. "Be good, oh and be polite to Miss Stenton's daughters.
Christine will be in charge some of the time, so better do as she
says!"

Marjorie laughed. "Oh I'm sure they'll get on well together.
Christine's promised to help me." She winked at Joyce. "Knowing
Christine, she'll take him in hand pretty fast. She did say how
much she was looking forward to him coming!"

Miss Turner waved goodbye and closed the door. Oh yes, she was
sure that Christine would soon take him in hand!

