James was just sliding into bed, when Alec said "I believe you promised me sex."

Not that James objected, but he wasn't quite ready to yield the initiative. "Well, I ... "

"I distinctly recall you saying that you had plans for me."

"Plans," James said, "Could have been anything. Dinner and a movie ... "

"I think I'd prefer a not-so-quiet evening at home." Alec pushed himself up on one elbow. He was definitely getting stronger. He had absolutely no trouble reaching out to stroke James's cheek. "I want to hear you screaming my name."

But James was still stronger. He caught Alec's arm, and forced him over onto his back. "I think I'd rather it was my name," he said.

"So look in a mirror."

"Hmm ... I don't think so." He slung a leg over Alec, and pinned him down. "I'd rather have you doing the screaming."

Instead of replying, Alec slid his hand down to cup James's cock through his pajamas. Even through the two layers of fabric, James thought the touch would scorch him. He felt himself start to grow hard.

Alec smirked.

He used his other hand to pull down the waistband of James's pajamas. Skin to bare skin -- James felt himself gasp. He let his head tilt back, as Alec stroked his cock. "Don't stop."

But Alec grinned, and pulled his hand away. "Make me."

"Don't tempt me, Alec."

"Why not?" Alec asked. "You look so good when your sense of duty is at war with your desire to fuck me through the mattress."

Sense of duty? James felt a flare of anger, but pushed it down. He could still feel it, though, burning in the pit of his stomach.

He leaned over as though to kiss Alec. Instead, he grabbed both his wrists, and pinned them to the wall behind him. Alec smirked up at him, and ran the tip of his tongue along his lip.

"Tempting," James whispered. He ran his free hand up Alec's side, then changed course, circled one nipple with his fingertip. "But I think I'd rather listen to you beg."

Alec opened his mouth to say something more, then, but James clamped his thumb and finger tightly on Alec's nipple. Squeezed until he felt Alec arch beneath him, then twisted. Alec bit down on his lower lip, but did not make a sound, though his breathing grew ragged.

James released his grip, let his fingers circle lazily again. Alec sank down to the mattress, panting. His eyes were glassy; his tongue darted along his lips again. James reached back; he wasn't surprised when he found Alec half-hard, already. One quick stroke of his hand drew a groan from Alec; he returned his hand to Alec's nipple.

This time, he didn't let go until Alec began to curse.

"Still think that tempting me was a good idea?"

Alec gave a tight nod. Then he twisted his wrists away from each other, pulled out of James's grasp. "Not so omnipotent as you think, 007."

Suddenly irritated, James pulled away. Alec started to protest, but James grabbed his ankles, and pulled him to the end of the bed, then flipped him onto his stomach. Leaned over to whisper in his ear. "Omnipotent as I need to be, Alec."

He pulled Alec up so he was on his knees, then pushed his face down onto the bed. When he reached between his legs, he found him completely hard. Just that touch made him moan.

James got the lube, and began to get Alec ready. He was annoyed enough to hurry; Alec was almost too tight when he thrust in. Alec cried out.

James went still, wrapped his arm around Alec, suddenly afraid he'd pushed him too far. "Are you -- "

"M'all right. Loosen me up." He took a shuddering breath, let it out slowly. "Just don't stop."

James started slowly, this time, giving Alec time to adjust. Slowly, slowly, until Alec was arching into him. "More -- "

James straightened, changing the angle. Every thrust made Alec jerk, as if he'd been hit by a small electric shock. James grabbed a handful of his hair, twisting it. "Touch yourself," he said. "You have five minutes."

It was less than half that, when Alec began to buck and thrash beneath him. James had to hold on to keep himself from being thrown off, but he kept up the rhythm, thrusting into Alec. He wanted to let go, to lose himself in Alec -- but he kept himself under control, even when Alec began to tighten around him.

"James -- god!"

He rode Alec's climax and kept thrusting, three, four more times -- establishing his possession -- before he allowed himself to lose control. His fingers twisted even tighter in Alec's hair, and he heard Alec yelp in startled pain, but it was lost in his own groan of pleasure.

He went limp, sagged on top of Alec for a long moment and just breathed.

Finally, he came back to himself enough to drag Alec up so that he was lying flat. He had just enough strength to drag the blankets over both of them, before falling into an exhausted, dreamless sleep.