Fucking Sarah P

By Girliekiller - feel free to e-mail me with any comments or suggestions for future stories, my e-mail address is girliekiller@hotmail.com 

Sarah knelt down in front of me, her firm young body glistening in the Sun light which was streaming in through the open window. I was sitting on the edge of her bed while she knelt before me, looking up at my face, like a priest worshipping the image of Christ. However, she didn't plan on praying to a figure on a cross, she planned to give lip service to something completely different. She gripped my cock in one hand and held it pointing the ceiling. Sarah gently kissed and then licked my balls one at a time. She took each of my balls into her mouth, gently sucking each one, after finishing that she ran her tongue over my balls and up the underside of my shaft. I already felt like I was about to cum so I lay back on my elbows and watched Sarah. She held the base of my knob firmly whilst slipping its tip into her warm moist mouth. She ran her tongue around my helmet inside her mouth before moving her head gently up and down, each time letting it slip in slightly further than the time before. She managed to get it just under half way in before it wouldn't go any further. She made long slow movements with her head, bringing the tip of my dick to her lips and then thrusting it to the back of her throat again. Knowing I was about to cum I wrapped my legs around the back of Sarah's head. Within a few seconds I could feel that surge move from my balls up my cock and spray a warm liquid into Sarah's mouth. She pulled the cock out of her mouth, leaned her head back and let me spurt it out on to her face, she caught some of it in her mouth and swallowed it down.

Sarah climbed onto the bed and lay on her back looking at me. I lay beside her, supporting my head with one hand and stroking her naked body with the other. She had rubbed my cum into her face and breasts, it made her skin glisten even more in the sun light. I kissed her on the lips, entering her mouth with my tongue, her mouth was warm, I could taste my cum in her mouth.

I ran my hand over her soft supple body feeling every inch of the cold skin on her chest and stomach, Sarah sighed quietly as I stroked her breast and groaned when I fondled her erect nipple. I stroked her from the tip of her chin down to the top of her opening, when I reached there I gently brushed either side of her vagina with two fingers, Sarah moaned and whispered something about wanting it now. I told her "soon". Her right hand began stroking her breasts while her left reached out and took a grip of my manhood. It still hadn't recovered from the amazing blow job Sarah had just provided. I lifted myself above Sarah and kissed her face, it still tasted of cum. Her head fell back so I opened my mouth wide around her throat and gently sucked on it. My tongue and lips explored her neck and chest, I kissed and licked the area between her breasts before moving on to her left hand breast. Her nipple went hard almost immediately, I waited a few minutes, all the time kissing her, before taking the nipple into my mouth. I ran my tongue all around it, when I finally licked and sucked the nipple Sarah gave the biggest moan I had heard from her.

I ran my tongue down the length of her body until I reached her fanny, I licked her on either side of it. As I was doing this I gently stroked my forefinger over her opening. I did this three or four times until my finger virtually fell in. When that happened I slowly pushed my finger inside her as deep as possible, then withdrew it and entered her with my index finger. I withdrew this and slid both finger into her at once, I sat back and fucked her with my two fingers for a few moments. She was still very tight, her boyfriend obviously hadn't been servicing her regularly. I could tell Sarah was enjoying it, partly by the noises she was making and partly by the way she had made the bed covers so wet.

I withdrew my fingers and wrapped both arms around her thighs and onto her stomach. I slowly licked her from the bottom of her fanny to the top of her clitoris. She didn't taste lick other girls, she was quite sweet. I licked her until she arched her back and clutched the back of my head, pressing me closer and harder against her. She lifted her legs above her head and I slid my finger inside her again. I continued to go down on her as I fucked her with my fingers. Sarah grunted a few times and I felt her begin to tighten around my fingers as she came. I didn't let up and within a few moments she was begging me to stop.

I pulled myself up above her as she lay regaining her breath. I kissed her a few times and watched her face relax again. Her hand reached out and found my now erect dick. "Are you going to fuck me already?" She asked, her voice quiet and resigned.

"Yes," I replied. I knelt back and took hold of her ankles, I lifted them above Sarah's head, leaving her totally exposed and unable to stop me taking her even if she wanted to. She was at my mercy. I held both ankles together in one hand and used the other one to guide my cock inside her thoroughly creamed cunt. She sighed as I slid it half way in and then pulled all but my helmet out. I pushed it back in again, this time all the way, Sarah groaned and squirmed underneath me. I let go of her legs and let her wrap them around my waist as I thrust into her. Within a few minutes she had cum again. By the time I finished 20 minutes later she had cum a number of times and was begging me to stop again. "Please don't let me get pregnant," Sarah begged. Too late, I felt that distinctive surge and felt the warm liquid shoot up my shaft and out deep into Sarah's body.

I withdrew, when Sarah realised what had happened all she could say was "Oh God." 



