Drive Around Town
Sat Aug 25, 2007 07:0970.105.42.83

Last night I took my first voluntary nude in public outing and found it to be very exciting experience. I had many misgivings as I stepped out of my house dressed in just a pair of shorts and a halter top knowing what I had planned but not wanting to chicken out I headed to my car and quickly drove off.

After I got out of my neighborhood and on to the highway I undid my shorts and wiggled out of them and put them on the seat beside me. I could feel the warm night air caressing my shaved mound and felt the tingling sign's of my arousal. As I approached the first of many stop lights I worried who could see I was sitting there bottomless but soon realized no one could see unless they were in a truck or SUV so I relaxed some. The light changed and I pulled away feeling much better about myself. Now as you may know Friday night is busy anywhere but I was determined to push my self so I headed for the Bottom, that's where most of the dance clubs and restaurants are located around here and at the next light I took my halter top off, now I was completely naked other than my shoes. My nipples were rock hard and fully extended and I felt myself getting wetter by the second, it was like I was in another world. Just as the light changed I noticed a SUV had pulled up beside me and the guy driving had seen me. I floored my car then realized getting pulled dressed as I was or wasn't more to the point would be a total disaster so I backed off the gas and drove as normally as I could. I had the urge to get dressed after that but I had wanted to have a much longer experience so I did the dumbest thing possible I reached over and picked up my shorts and halter top and threw them out the window, now I had no choice but to stay as I was.

Several more times last night I was spotted and I tried to act as normal as possible and as if I did this all the time. Once at a light two couples walked up to the car and told me they enjoyed the view and hoped to see more of me later in one of the clubs. I got lot's of beeps of the horn as guys saw me. The part that scared me and made me stop and go home was the police pulled the car behind me I was afraid I might be next. Driving home I wondered how I was going to get from my car to inside my house without being caught, but soon learned that there was nothing I could do about it. When I pulled up in front of my house I shut the motor off and ran for the house and unlocked the door a flew inside. I stopped in the hall way and played with my self till I reached my first orgasm of the evening.





