PETAL

BY PENT

Martin Howd was getting on in years, but always made me welcome
at The Hall when I was home from school. "Yes. That candle and
lampshade carry an unusual story", he answered in reply to my
curiosity. I knew old Martin Howd's "unusual stories", and
settled myself in one of his deep leather arm chairs by the log
fire:

I got that candlestick in India. I was quite young and new out
there, and I was sent on an urgent mission to Genghis, Nizam of
Gilgit, a warlord on the North West Frontier of India.

Genghis' territory straddled the road going north from Rawalpindi
through the Himalayas to Mongolia, and his bandits had made it
unsafe for any British administrators or merchants to pass that
way. His haul in goods and jewelry each year was huge, and they
sometimes kidnapped too, with a special preference for boys
between six and twelve. You are at public school, Pentland, and I
don't need to tell you what Genghis was most likely doing with
those with young boys.

My job was to use presents and diplomacy to persuade Genghis,
Nizam of Gilgit, to promise allegiance to Her Britannic Majesty,
Victoria, Empress of India, and ensure safe passage for the
British. . . never mind what he did with the other travelers!

I am going to get some bitter for myself from the barrel out
there, Pentland, as Dobbin has the afternoon off. Would you like
one too?

I nodded, and Martin came back with our tankards.

Well, leaving out a lot of detail: I got myself to the city of
Peshawar on the North West Frontier and set off in April with
fifty seasoned British military, all of us kitted so we could
camp at ten thousand foot in the mountains. We included a
drum-and- fife band, so no one would be taken by surprise when we
got to Genghis' mountain stronghold.

After a few days we reached Gilgit and took directions, and got
to the fortress of the Nizam by noon the next day. It was high up
on rock, not unlike Edinburgh Castle in Scotland. A single
causeway led up to a drawbridge. Gun barrels pointed out from the
walls, which enclosed several buildings.

Our party halted and very soon someone rode down towards us
followed by a dozen men. He spoke and my interpreter, Babu,
replied that I came as envoy from Her Britannic Majesty, Queen
Victoria, Empress of India, to talk with Genghis, Nizam of
Gilgit, whenever it would suit his pleasure.

Word had clearly gone ahead of us and the captain replied:

Let me come with my interpreter. The others were to make camp
there: wood for their fire and food would be sent from the
castle. They could get water from the spring below, but no one
was to leave the camp site for any other purpose; any who did so
would be shot on sight.

I answered that I would be glad to go with the captain, but to
rest assured that my soldiers had no reason to go outside their
camp ground. I asked for the captain's men to lead the five
baggage mules with presents which Genghis, Nizam of Gilgit, might
give me great pleasure by accepting.

When we arrived inside the fortress the captain dismounted at the
largest of the stone buildings; Babu and I followed him in, and
the men brought the saddle bags. I held onto the present of gold
bullion in a leather pouch, slung across his shoulder. Inside was
the great hall, a crowd of barbarous-looking men lined the walls
and a man sat on a simple throne at the far end. The captain
gestured and I walked beside him up to the throne. While the
captain spoke, I made a solemn bow to the man I assumed was
Genghis, Nizam of Gilgit, who replied and Babu translated:

"You are a most welcome visitor, Martin Howd. Pray tell us what
messages you bring from Her Britannic Majesty, Queen Victoria in
England?"

"It our great pleasure to be here and meet with you, Genghis,
Nizam of Gilgit.

"Firstly, Her Majesty sends you her greetings and some small
presents that she hopes will be to your liking. Babu, please open
the mule packs".

A superb horse's saddle with a matching bridle came out of the
saddle bags with spurs and riding crop, a roasting spit with
clockwork mechanism, a brass carriage clock with glass sides and
painted enamel face, and so on, leaving the tribesmen wide-eyed,
though Genghis himself was careful to look unimpressed.

As the last things were brought out and set on the table, I
spoke:

"Mighty Genghis, with these small presents Her Majesty sends you
her good wishes and her hope that she and all her British
subjects may live together with you in peace for the future.

"If it suits your pleasure, we would be glad to talk further on
these matters during our stay here.

"May we take the opportunity to thank you for your gracious
hospitality to the small band that came with me to ensure my safe
arrival. They will greatly welcome the fuel and the foodstuffs
which you are sending to their encampment below".

"It is our great pleasure to have you here as our guest for as
long as you choose to stay, Martin Howd.

"I am glad to accept the gifts you bring from Queen Victoria, and
I will welcome the opportunity to discuss the matters you
propose.

"Please join me now at my table to partake of a small repast".

The first hurdle over, we sat and serving boys - captured
travelers, I felt sure - placed large bowls of food on the
tables, and we each took it to our mouths with corn pancakes.
Genghis questioned me and learned that I had grown up in Kent and
attended public school there, then Cambridge University before
entering the Foreign Office, and had taken ship to India some six
months ago. Genghis asked my interests with questions such as:
Which of the student clubs had I belonged to at Cambridge? Did I
like India? What hunting had I enjoyed? But Genghis volunteered
no information about himself.

When the dishes had been cleared and hookahs lit, Genghis offered
to relieve me of the heavy pouch I was carrying across my
shoulders and have it locked away safely, then to show me round
the castle.

"I will provide an interpreter who knows where the broken steps
are and will not break his ankle. I have asked my Librarian Abdul
to look after Babu for the rest of the day, so he will have a
less wearing time".

We walked the walls where look-outs were patrolling. The drop
everywhere was sheer for a hundred feet or more. The
fortification was very ancient Genghis said, and wayfarers on the
road between Rawalpindi and Mongolia have always paid tribute for
unmolested passage:

"If they do not pay, we take their valuables by force, and their
young sons, which yields a steady influx of boys as well as gold
to the fort", he remarked looking at me with a twinkle in his
eye.

In my negotiations, I would clearly need to show friendly
admiration for every aspect of Genghis' style of life, never mind
how repulsive I might personally find it or what he was doing
with the "steady influx of boys", to minimise the price we would
have to pay for the British to have free passage.

Genghis sent a message to my Captain down below the castle,
saying that I expected to remain as his guest for some days and
would send warning when I planned to depart.

We saw inside the men's living quarters and wash houses. Then the
stables, and stable boys were everywhere. The middens were used
by animals and men alike. Then the tanning house:

"We cure the pelts from animals we kill, Martin, to clothe
ourselves. We use the quick, boiling ways of the nomads: it's
dangerous but curing can be completed in only two hours instead
of weeks".

Cooking was central, and all men ate together in the great hall.
Like the captain of a ship, Genghis explained, only he might have
a wife in the fort. The men got leave to visit their women and
offspring from time to time: a better life than than most sailors
have. They all took their pleasure with the boys in the fort,
following the tradition of Alexander the Great. Improvements had
never stopped over the centuries, and no attacker had ever
succeeded in breaching an entrance to the fort.

Genghis then invited me to attend the execution of a Mongol who
had been found near the fortress and had given no good reason for
his presence there, even while being whipped until unconscious. I
gladly accepted the invitation: The mode of execution would tell
me much about the man I was dealing with.

A gallows stood on the walls; I accompanied Genghis to the
balcony outside the main hall and the prisoner was brought out
and marched up to stand under the gibbet. He was then made to
climb two steps up onto a block and his head was set into a rope
noose.

A drum roll was made, which stopped at a signal from Genghis, and
the block was pulled from under the prisoner's feet. His legs
jerked in the dead-man's dance, then he stopped moving. Genghis
remarked that the vultures would have his bones picked bare by
morning.

There are many more painful ways to execute a prisoner, I
reminded myself. I knew that the slow strangulation I had just
witnessed had once been greatly favored in the brothels of London
for the sexual ecstasy it gave. The man got an instant erection
and experienced an ecstatic ejaculation as he lost consciousness,
and suffered no harm as long as he was promptly revived
afterwards. From the execution I had just witnessed, Genghis
struck me as a relatively kind person, for a warlord on the North
West Frontier.

If you ever have to choose the manner of your own death,
Pentland, slow hanging is one that should be high on your list!

I'm going to refill my tankard, can I do the same for you?

After the hanging, Genghis took me back to the guest quarters,
next to his own chambers, which were attached to the main
building with its dining hall.

I used my commode, then washed and refreshed myself with the jug
of water and basin, much as we still do today in the older rooms
of Oxford and Cambridge colleges. I donned a clean shirt and a
richly embroidered robe that were lying on his bed, and a servant
arrived who led me to the great hall where the interpreter Ahmed
came and sat between me and Genghis at the table.

"It is good that my people see you enjoying our company here as a
friend, Martin, for they guess that your presence may lead to
some changes in the way we do things in the future".

"So, I will ask all to drink a toast", and the major domo clapped
his hands for silence: "Let us drink to our illustrious visitor
Martin Howd, who comes as special envoy from Her Britannic
Majesty, the Empress of all India, Queen of England. Martin
Howd!"

And the hundred or more bandits in the hall shouted their
approval: "Martin Howd!". It was a most touching gesture, I felt.

I then asked to speak:

"It is a privilege and my very great pleasure to be here, and to
greet every one of you as a friend. I raise my goblet with you
all!"

A cheer broke out from the ruffians and the goblets were emptied.

The bowls of food placed between Genghis and me were even more
rich and succulent than at midday: roast goat meat, from the
taste, mixed with rice and many spices, and accompanied by
endless draughts of light mountain wine. The hall was filled with
more than a hundred of Genghis' men, eating and drinking their
fill and talking with loud good humor. Servant boys were running
to the kitchen and back to keep the dishes filled, while
musicians plucked at stringed instruments in the gallery and sang
with their sweet boys' voices.

When the meal ended and the men turned to drawing on their
hookahs, Genghis stood to leave, beckoning to me. I followed,
leaving the interpreter Ahmed, and the two of us returned toward
our rooms. I followed Genghis through his chambers to a door
beyond and we passed through into a large low room carpeted with
oriental rugs, and silk cushions heaped around the sides.

Genghis gestured for me to sit beside him, and a boy served us
coffee. Then Genghis spoke, in English:

"Martin, I have told you nothing of myself so far, as I wished to
hear first what kind of person you are. I attended Eton College
in England so my English is passable", smiling wryly.

"It is best for us to talk in public with an interpreter so
nothing is hidden from anyone within earshot.

"But in here, we can relax while we enjoy my private arrangements
for entertainment", and the serving boy filled wine goblets and
lit our hookahs, while over the smouldering tobacco he scattered
some white powder: "From the poppy", Genghis remarked as we sat
and inhaled the smoke in pleasant relaxation.

Genghis clapped his hands.

A door opened and a dozen young people entered, dressed in flimsy
transparent veils with jewelry and ear-rings, and kneeled on the
carpet before us. A brown skinned cherub with no more on him than
a loin cloth sat himself cross legged and put a flute to his
lips. As the thin notes of the instrument filled the chamber, the
young people swayed seductively to its rhythm. The notes became
steadily more excited and their wrything movements became ever
more violent and sensual.

One stood to gyrate, then another rose and then a third, until
they were all standing and swaying sensuously as they undulated
their jeweled arms and bodies to the high excited notes of the
flute. I then realized there were no girls: every one of them was
a delectable young boy, sinuous and inviting in a way that only a
boy can be, and my hand went down to adjust my dress, as the
saying is, so did Genghis'.

Then the sylph-like boys returned one by one to their kneeling
positions, and eventually each one of them was lying on the floor
before us, unmoving, seductive and delicious, with eyes closed as
though waiting to be awakened by lubriciously fondling fingers. . .
  
It was a masterly performance; Genghis clapped his hands in
applause just twice, so I did likewise, but felt such delightful
dancers deserved more.

When the boys had left the chamber I turned and congratulated
Genghis, who was clearly pleased with the impression they had
made, but said only with his wry smile that the troupe enjoyed
their powers to arouse their audience.

"The next entertainment will include the woman who used to be my
ayah as a child; She still knows how to use the cane!

"But now tell me something of how England has changed since I
left Eton College some twenty years ago?"

And I described to him the rapid spread of the railways and how
the steam trains had transformed travel in Britain and the
shipment of goods.

We heard a drum-roll through the far doorway, and the flute
player with another boy brought in a wood frame which they set on
the floor and waited.

Genghis' former nanny then walked in, leading a child of about
ten by a red cord around his neck, with his hands tied together.
The boys tied his wrists and ankles to the wood frame, then
pulled the cloak from off his shoulders, so he stood with his
back to Genghis and me, slender, naked and bound.

One of the boys had a kettle-drum and made a drum-roll; when he
stopped, the nanny brought a long cane down across the bare
bottom of the child. The cane made a loud CRACK! as is met the
child's flesh: he shouted in pain and struggled in his bonds
while an angry red stripe appeared where the cane had cut into
his flesh. The drum rolled, and again when it stopped, the nanny
brought the cane down across the child's back and another red
stripe appeared where it had struck him, while the child screamed
and struggled to get away, but to no avail. With the third
drum-roll, Martin noticed Genghis move a finger as the drum roll
ceased, and clearly he was controlling the drummer and causing
the cane to lash the child's back one more time, with yells of
agony and wrything of his body as the young boy jerked and
struggled to release himself. Genghis turned to look at me and
raised an eyebrow, which I answered with a smile. The lashes
continued, with long drum- rolls between, which heightened the
atmosphere of implacable punishment and terrifying ordeal of
agonising pain for the child, and a faint smile played around
Genghis' mouth.

The struggles of the boy became more and more violent and his
cries louder, while the pattern of red stripes grew almost to
cover his back and bottom, and Genghis signaled the drummer
whenever he decided for another lash of the cane to the back of
the child. I saw the nanny was wiping the cane before each blow
with a cloth, which probably had red dye on it, but the child
gave every appearance of agony as he struggled, screaming to
escape the punishment of the cruel cane that was turning his body
to a bloody red.

At last Genghis raised his hand and the punishment ended. The two
boys untied the child from the wood frame and support him out of
the room. They returned to remove the frame and the drum, and
lastly the nanny bowed and left. Genghis again gave just two
claps of his hands to applaud, and I did likewise.

"We live a simple life here, as you see, Martin, with simple
pleasures", and signaled for our wine goblets to be refilled.

"There is an old Indian lament:

"There is a boy across the river With a bottom like a peach . . .
But alas, I can not swim".

"It goes on to describe the seductive movements of the boy to
lure the man across the river to make love to him, but the man
drowns as he tries to reach the exquisite boy.

"I try to arrange life here so my men are inspired to excel to
gain their pleasures, but never to kill themselves in doing it.

"We live happily together by all following the same simple way of
life, Martin. My people were delighted with your toast to them at
noon, and again by eating and drinking with them this evening.

"They will want to know that you enjoy the same simple carnal
pleasures as themselves, so they feel you are a person they can
truly understand and trust.

"I am talking about a boy to share your bed tonight, of course,
my dear Martin. And you can't stop a boy from talking: my men
will know in the morning exactly how you passed the night
together.

"Tell me something personal, Martin: Is your erection more than
six inches? I must be sure you have a boy who can fully
accommodate you!"

"It is most thoughtful of you to ask, Genghis. Thank you. Between
six and seven inches, at my last measurement".

"The next entertainment will only include boys who can fully
satisfy you, and you can select the one you want for the night".

I nodded and said:

"Thank you, Genghis. I may find it difficult to choose: So many I
have seen are most attractive and beautiful".

Genghis beckoned to the wine server who refilled our goblets
while Genghis murmured something in his ear: my size, no doubt.

"The boys like to play and we will watch them at "tag". Each will
have a number of marks on his back, and you can tell me the
number on the boy you prefer for tonight"

Genghis clapped his hands and five of the boys entered, each one
wearing only a short kilt of light material and with marks on
their backs as made by burned cork.

The boys stood in a line before us and bowed, all looking at me
with friendly and expectant smiles, I saw.

Genghis waved his hand and they began to chase the one who held a
wood dildoll. When he was touched by a boy, that one took the
dildoll and got a two-second start before the others gave chase.

I was delighted to see they did not move at full pelt, but
somewhat languidly, skipping and jumping attractively, so their
kilts flew around to give fleeting glimpses of their lovely
bottoms.

They played for some minutes when I leaned towards Genghis:

"A most difficult decision. Do please let them know that I should
be delighted to spend a year with each one of them, but I would
be honored if the one with two marks on his back would join me
for tonight, Genghis".

"His name is Rose, and he speaks a little English, Martin. He
will be delighted you have chosen him", and Genghis had the wine
server relay my decision.

A moment later, Genghis clapped his hands and the smiling boys
came to stand in a line and bowed before leaving.

"Before we retire, and while young Rose is being bathed and
prepared for your bed, let me offer you a scotch. Do you like
water too?"

"To end our entertainment, we have a priapic worshipper".

The flute-player entered and set down a dish with a cover, then
sat to play a quiet haunting melody and a doe-eyed boy walked in
as though in a trance, with only a strip of cloth hanging from
the front of his waist.

He kneeled beside the dish and slowly raised the cover to reveal
a varnished wood carving of a rampant penis, standing erect.

He fondled the carving reverently then bent to take it in his
mouth. The boy then turned his back to the phallus, its tip
between the cheeks of his gorgeous bottom, and slowly lowered
himself, down a bit then up, down more then up, until the erect
penis was buried to its scrotum in his bottom. His face looked
upward with an expression of sacramental bliss as he raised and
lowered his bottom on the phallus, faster and faster. The music
rose to a crescendo, then fell to a more peaceful melody as the
boy sat still, then raised his bottom from the phallus and took
it again in his mouth. He then returned its cover and walked off
looking as though divinely touched.

"The server will show you to your room. The candle you find there
will burn through the night, and a server will waken you in the
morning. I wish you a very good night, Martin!", smiling.

I thanked Genghis for his gracious entertainment that evening as
we parted to our separate bed chambers, and I followed the
servant to my door.

A squat candle was burning by the bed, beside a jar of fat, and
by the candle light I saw Rose was indeed lying in my bed with an
expectant smile on his face.

I have never before told anyone what passed between Rose and me
that night. I will read you the entry I later made in my diary,
(as he took up a leather-bound book):

---------

Pulled bedsheet slowly from Rose: truly delectable! Ran hands
over him, top to toe, then embraced which Rose returned most
fondly: "Thank you for choosing me Mr.Howd. You most handsome and
loving person". I kissed him all over - faint perfume - buried
face in tummy then in bottom, deeply. Beckoned him over knees;
much fondling shapely and silky bottom then spanked long and hard
as he squirmed and cried.

Used fat to make gentle entry. Had Rose missionary position face
down on bed: he moaned in pleasure. Pressed hard against soft
dusky bottom; Rose say: "That gives a lovely feeling Mr.Howd
which goes right through me!". He wriggled as I came.

Woke to Rose hand on stiff yard; embraced most active; climbed on
jockey style to face me; "You most deep in me Mr.Howd. It
lovely!" Rose pushed my stiff yard side to side in him with
fingers on his tummy: gurgled with laughter. He stop moving when
I near came, several times, so I final ejaculate like volcano,
and Rose gasped in delight then lean forward and kiss most
loving.

Woke again as Rose gammer with mouth then jockey with back to me.
Watched his bottom slowly swallow my whole yard. Never forget!
Lay back on me after. My hands played over every part and
fondling . . Rose lovely boy!!!!!! (and Martin Howd snapped the
book shut again and laid it down).

---------

Tea arrived for me in the morning with a note from Genghis:

"We do not eat until noon so take plenty of tea. Come to my
chamber when you are ready, Martin".

My friend for the night, Rose, was escorted away after most
tender farewells. A jug of hot water had been delivered and I
made my toilet then put on the rough clothes that had been
brought, similar to those worn by Genghis, as I enjoyed the
strong tea with scones and butter.

A servant came and took me to Genghis' private chambers, and then
brought in one of the older boys whom I had seen the previous
evening.

"I hope you passed a pleasant night, Martin?! My habit is to keep
my joy for the morning, and this is Petal who will provide me
with exquisite bliss in a way you may not have seen before, so
watch closely".

He stood the naked Petal on a low platform and slid his stiff
yard firmly, a little at a time, up into the boy who wriggled his
bottom to help.

Genghis thrust in and pulled out several times, to Petal's
obvious delight, then taking Petal's throat in his hands, lifted
and squeezed until Petal lost consciousness. While Genghis was
strangling Petal, the boy's back bowed so his buttocks stuck out
towards Genghis and his body jerked uncontrollably.

Genghis at last took his softened yard from Petal's bottom and
layed the boy on the floor, unconscious.

"Never has man enjoyed greater tightness from the rectum of a boy
than when he is being strangled. It is a truly incredible
pleasure, Martin!"

He pulled his clothes back on then clapped his hands. A man
entered and Genghis said something to him as we walked out.

I realized that I was being tested to find if I was truly
sympathetic to Genghis' style of life . . . and did my best keep
a smile on my face.

"Let us ride in the mountains today Martin, so you see the
grandeur of our country. We will take rifles so we can shoot any
game we see, and pass your camp to tell them our talks will be
complete tomorrow morning and you will be ready to leave".

My testing was nearly at an end! I happily mounted one of
Genghis' mountain ponies and followed him out of the gate with
half a dozen armed men behind us.

We passed the encampment, and I told the Captain of my plans.
They had been enjoying generous supplies of food and wood from
the fort, and sounded sorry to be leaving.

I had been curious about the fate of Petal that morning, and
asked as we rode: "Genghis, tell me, what is the future of the
boys who have come to join you? I have not seen any starting to
grow a beard?"

"The boys are slaves, mere goods and chattel. We dispose of them
in any way we wish, Martin. There is a ready market and we do not
choose to keep them once their voices break".

And Genghis volunteered no more.

We had an exhilarating day of riding and bagged some mountain
antelope and hare for the kitchens. I had no idea before of the
rugged beauty of these mountains, far finer than any I had been
on before.

Our repast was even more delicious than the previous night, and
as I finished, Genghis asked:

"You liked the meal?"

"Genghis, our dinner was excellent, with meat even more juicy and
tender than last night. It was not goat: Was it sucking pig?"

Genghis looked into my eyes and answered:

"It was Petal".

It was all I could do to keep my meal down but took a deep
draught of wine and just managed to raise a smile as I repeated
my compliments. I realized later: Everyone within earshot in the
great hall had understood my question and watched carefully to
note how I took the reply.

"Tomorrow we will decide between us the terms for what you wish
to accomplish here. I hope you will accept a small present on
which I will write and sign whatever we agree?", and Genghis
clapped his hands.

His Librarian, Abdul, came forward and placed on the table in
front of me a candle stick, complete with candle and a shade
around it to protect the flame from the wind, made of velum:
animal skin of some kind. It was the candlestick and shade you
asked me about, Pentland.

"This is most unexpected, Genghis, and very unusual. Thank you
indeed. What is the skin from?"

Again Genghis looked carefully into my eyes and paused a moment
before he answered:

"It was from Petal".

"It is indeed beautiful and I will treasure it always and the
memory that comes with it. Thank you indeed, Genghis".

I felt myself blanche but it was somehow less of a jolt than when
I heard that I had eaten the flesh of the delicious young boy,
and I let a finger caress his soft skin. Once again I was aware
of the close attention given to my answer from all about me, and
the approving smiles it drew.

I spent the evening with Genghis again, while we were entertained
by his harem of boys, then selected one of them, Violet, and I
shared the night together with him.

I was careful to give this entrancing boy enough attention so he
gave a most favorable report on the following morning, and I kept
my good reputation for understanding and approving the life style
of Genghis and his men at the fort.

Genghis and I quickly concluded our business the next morning.
Genghis did most of the talking:

"Martin, as you have seen we are a barbarous people, and live a
life with many privations and a few simple pleasures.

"You have been kind enough to live our life with us for a short
time, but long enough for us to come to respect you and know you
are a true friend who will never betray our trust.

"We have enjoyed taking some wealth and some boys from the
British who have passed on our road through Gilgit, in the past.

"I had the gold weighed that you brought in your pouch. My
counselors and I feel that we would be adequately repaid to
forego tributes from British travelers if you were to bring such
a pouch of gold to us twice each year.

"We would like you to bring them here in person, Martin, for we
like you as a person and find your company most congenial.

"Now tell me if that arrangement will be acceptable to your
masters, for I am sure they told you before you left what terms
they would agree to?"

My instructions had been to agree to anything up to five such
pouches of gold each year. I tried to conceal my joy when Genghis
asked for only two, and I looking forward to two such visits of
delicious debauchery on my visits to Genghis each year.

I was about to mount and leave the fortress, when Genghis stopped
me, saying:

"Martin, there is one more person who wishes to bid you
farewell".

He beckoned and I followed him back into the great hall.

It must be Rose or Violet, I thought, and looked round
expectantly . . . and saw Petal standing before me.

I was near overcome by the shock of seeing him alive. He wore a
scarf around his bruised throat, but was unhurt otherwise. I
tenderly took him in my arms and tears sprang to my eyes as I
murmured:

"My dear Petal! How good it is to see you again!"

"And the lampshade?", I asked, turning to Genghis.

"Calf vellum, my dear Martin!', smiling at his barbaric joke.

Genghis' men cheered me to the echo as I finally rode out of the
fortress with Babu and returned to my escort.

You can just decipher the smudgy writing on the vellum of the
lampshade, Pentland:

"Eternal allegiance to the Empress Victoria; Terms agreed with
Martin Howd. Genghis, Nizam of Gilgit."

Well, I see night has fallen and I have been talking too long as
usual. I hope you are not late for dinner at home. Do come to see
me again before you go up to Cambridge, won't you? So good of you
to let me ramble on like that. Goodbye, Pentland!

And Martin Howd showed me out from The Hall to walk home in the
evening air.

