Janet's Job 
by Erostyle 1995 (address withheld) 

***

Janet has a great job, one she really likes a lot. 
She's a nude model and loved to exhibit herself for all 
the world to see. 

***

My whole body tingled with excitement as I removed the 
robe in front of the class. The eyes of twenty young 
students, both male and female absorbed every inch of 
my body. I searched out the ones that looked at me with 
lust in their eyes. That included most of the men. A 
few of the men were serious artists and they didn't see 
my body as an object for their sexual desires. 

This was my third session with this class. Those that 
came only to see a naked woman kept staring at my pubic 
mound hoping to get a glimpse of my vaginal lips, or a 
clit peaking out at them.

I knew how to model without exposing the hot pink lips, 
that is, until later when I would give them an 
accidental view that would rush their blood into their 
aroused organs. My well proportioned and shapely 
breasts were another focal point where most eyes, even 
the women in class. My nipples always hardened when I 
modeled. There were also some that admired my long legs 
and tight buttocks. 

My husband is very supportive of my job. Yes, I'm 
married. He gets a kick out of knowing that men view me 
naked. We have lost some friends because of my job. 
Those that remain though do not make it a big deal but 
the husbands do secretly wish that they could also 
feast on my body being willingly exposed to make a 
living. No one has yet made such a bold move as 
enrolling in these classes. 

**

I have also done private work. That was where life 
became interesting. I have done things that I have not 
told my husband. The money was good but most of all I 
enjoyed it. I remembered one rich kid who was about 17 
years old. He got my number and called me for a private 
modeling.

I gave him my rates and the deal was set. I went to 
his handsome home. His parents were out of town. I went 
to his room and was surprised to find his two friends 
there. I usually don't do private work for an audience 
but I let it slide this time. I'm sure they all pitched 
in for this treat. 

His friends couldn't hold their excitement but the kid 
was cool. The boys kept eyeing me but couldn't hold eye 
contact. After receiving the money I asked them where I 
could undress. It didn't surprise me that they had no 
drawing paraphernalia. However I noticed the all too 
familiar digital camera. 

I was also not surprised that I was told to "just" 
undress in their presence. The kid seemed to have had 
sexual experiences before but his friends were 
definitely virgins who would be the type to masturbate 
several times a day over a beat up Playboy magazine 
that they hid in their rooms. Even before starting, 
their erections were clearly visible. 

I wore a dress that day and turned my back to them and 
pulled down my zipper. I'm sure their hearts were 
beating fast and that excited me. The sight of my bar 
strap would probably further strain their erections in 
their pants. 

I let the dress fall. They could see my pink cotton 
panties and my white lace bra. I still wore my pumps. 
When I turned around, their tongues were literally 
hanging out. I don't know if they could hold their 
erections in their pants any longer but I unhooked my 
bra. They probably couldn't believe they were seeing a 
live 27 years old naked woman. Three pairs of eyes were 
glued to my mammaries. I let them sway slightly. 

With my eyes glazing into their eyes I bent forward and 
removed the last piece of clothing I wore. For their 
pleasure, I did a turn around. 

The kid picked up the camera. I told them that I 
wouldn't let them keep any pictures with my face 
showing. They agreed. The kid had nerve. He said, 
"Spread your legs wide open." 

I sat down on a chair with my legs together. He was 
ready to shoot with the camera. Ever so slowly, I 
lifted my knees up and spread my legs exposing my love 
hole to them. He clicked his first picture. I felt 
generous that day. I got my hands down there and spread 
apart the vaginal lips for them. He quickly got another 
picture in. 

"What do you want me to do?" I asked them. The kid said 
to just walk around and act natural. So I stood up and 
walked around the room looking at his posters and CD 
collection. I could be so comfortable in the nude with 
people watching me that I put them at ease. 

We started having a regular conversation and his 
friends also opened up with a few sentences here and 
there. I found out who was the most desired girl in 
their high school and what a jerk her boyfriend was. I 
found out their tastes in music and sports. We 
discussed basketball. They asked me why I posed nude 
and whether my husband minded. 

I said, "I enjoy it and make good money. My husband 
thinks it's great that people appreciate my body. We 
have a pretty open relationship." 

I put in a few extras and did a dance. They ogled my 
swaying and bouncing breasts. I slightly brushed my ass 
to each of their faces. I also took their hands and let 
them feel my pubic mound. I casually mentioned that I 
wouldn't mind if they wanted to relieve themselves. 
After a momentary hesitation, three throbbing erections 
popped out for air. Clenched fist were savagely 
stroking their purple organs. I tried my best seductive 
moves as they each shot their loads one after another. 

With a few minutes to spare, I gave each of them a 
minute to feel me up. I stood in front of the first boy 
and his hands went for my breasts. He squeezed them and 
caressed them, paying special attention to my hardened 
nipples. He then felt my lips with his fingers getting 
them hot and aroused. He got me to bend for him so that 
he could get a good view of my crack. His fingers 
gently caressed my butthole and I enjoyed the 
sensation. 

The next boy concentrated more on my pussy. He had his 
finger in and out. After that he just had me spread my 
legs apart to carefully absorb the sight of my love 
hole. The experienced kid held me in a hug so that he 
could really feel me up. His hands were everywhere. 
Before long their time was up. They weren't too happy 
as I put on my clothes. 

The instructor put me in a pose. As I got comfortable, 
he explained to the students what he wanted emphasized 
in today's lesson. I put on my bored professional face. 
For twenty minutes I stayed still. I don't really think 
much during these times. Today I didn't get to watch 
the students where I could see how the men looked at 
me. My pose had me gaze at a side wall. Oh, well. 

**

I once had a very rich South American student in one of 
the art classes I posed for. As I was getting into my 
car after a session, he suddenly appeared in front of 
me. He had a big smile. I thought to myself, "Oh, no! 
Not another guy wanting to marry me." 

He surprised me. He came right out and asked me if I 
would serve at his party topless. I asked him what it 
would entail. He said it would take about 6 hours and 
there would be about 15 guys and girls. I told him how 
much I would charge and he agreed without hesitation. I 
was waiting for him to tell me as to when this party 
would take place and he seemed hesitant for a while. 
Finally he blurted out, "There is something more that I 
would like you to do and I would pay you for it." His 
accent was kind of neat. 

"Sure, what is it?" I asked. 

"After the party, all the guys will pick a card. He who 
gets the highest card will get to do whatever he wishes 
with you." He explained. 

I was quiet. Thinking that I was taking offense at what 
he requested, he was apologizing profusely. Smilingly I 
told him that I took no offense and I have done such 
things before. I just was thinking of how much to 
charge. We finally came to a figure and everything was 
set. 

I was ready to go home and he still seemed to have 
something in his mind. It seemed that he and his 
friends arranged these parties quite frequently and 
topping it off with a kind of a lottery as to who would 
get the girl they hired for the evening. 

He confessed that he was very much attracted to me and 
couldn't bear the chance of not having me first before 
one of his friends. He explained that this was against 
their rules. I said that I would be happy to sleep with 
him before the party. We arranged the fee and a date 
two days before the party. 

I told my husband that I had a meeting to attend. I 
didn't wear anything spectacular so that he wouldn't be 
suspicious. I changed my clothes at a gas station. I 
got a few whistles as I got out wearing a real sexy 
black dress. I met Miguel at the restaurant and we sat 
real close. He was feeling real good that all the men 
were staring at me and being jealous of him. He had his 
hands up my dress most of the evening. He kept rubbing 
my moist pussy through my panties. 

I left my car at the restaurant and we drove back in 
his BMW. He put on some real mellow music and we kissed 
passionately. I felt like I was in high school again. 
We reached his expensive apartment and started making 
out on his couch. After necking out like teenagers, I 
told him to start a bath. He filled the bath with warm 
relaxing water and promptly sat in the bath his 
erection throbbing in the water. I switched off the 
light in the bathroom and left the door open for some 
light. 

I undressed in the semi-darkness and I could see that 
he was salivating with lust. I entered the bath and 
began massaging his feet. I took control and bathed 
Miguel. I gently held his erection as I soaped his 
balls. It was driving him crazy. I would then slip in 
my soapy finger into his anus and he would go wild. I 
then let him have his way. His mouth hungrily sucked on 
my nipples. His tongue was going everywhere, making me 
real excited. 

We made love until one o'clock that night. I then had 
to get back to my husband. 

Break time. I put on my robe and walked to see 
everyone's piece of art. Some were very good but those 
that were bad were the ones that interested me. I slyly 
looked to see if they had a boner. More often than not, 
they did. I also liked the way they acted, ignoring my 
presence. 

I arrived at Miguel's house twenty minutes before the 
party started. My duties were explained to me and then 
he handed me the outfit for the night. It was a real 
sleazy fishnet stocking that covered my front but fully 
exposed my ass. I brought my black high-heels as he 
requested. As I put on the outfit, his eyes lit up. I 
looked like a cheap whore in a crummy strip joint. 

The guests starting arriving and everyone was 
appreciative of my body. Most congratulated Miguel on 
his good choice. I was groped, touched and pinched all 
night. Everyone kissed my nipples as I served them a 
drink or an appetizer, even the girls. It was real fun. 
The men would suck hard and the girls would gently 
touch with their lips. As the party reached its close, 
my time had come. The boys all entered Miguel's bedroom 
leaving their girlfriends outside. 

I was given a stack of cards. Still in my sleazy 
outfit, I offered the cards to each. They each picked a 
card. Finally the moment of truth had come. Roberto had 
a Jack of Hearts which was the highest card among them. 
He was one of the more aggressive guys. I knew I will 
be in for a ride. I sat down on the bed and watched 
Roberto push out his friends. Most made a modest 
attempt to stick around but finally the crowd left. 

Roberto was immediately upon me before the lock even 
latched. The stockings were ripped apart and he easily 
turned my totally nude body around to penetrate me 
doggy style. He wasn't much for foreplay as he shoved 
his nine-incher into me. Luckily I was wet enough to 
let it slide in. He began aggressively pumping me which 
I liked. 

Soon I began moaning and moving to his rhythm. This was 
good old-fashioned fucking. I could feel an orgasm 
coming and with his frenzied motion we came together. 
He quickly removed this dick and we lay on the bed for 
awhile exhausted. Cum was slowly oozing down my legs. 
Since we were done so fast, I was waiting if he was 
going to ride me slow this time but I was surprised 
that he motioned me to leave. 

My clothes were in the closet outside the bedroom. I 
was looking to find something to cover my body but 
Roberto insisted I leave the room and back into the 
party without a stitch on. Knowing that I had no choice 
I got out the way I was. Although I have exposed my 
body to all these people, I felt vulnerable going out 
this way. Much to my surprise, only the guys were left. 

The girls had disappeared. Even worse, the were all 
sitting with their pants down. I was searching for 
Miguel to figure out the meaning of this. He was 
nowhere to be found. Soon enough the terms were laid 
out. I wouldn't be allowed to leave until I sucked 
everyone off. I promptly got on my knees and started 
the first guy. I wasn't going to give them the pleasure 
to see me resisting. I knew I was outnumbered. 

It took me close to an hour but I sucked all seven guys 
including Roberto. I had to swallow all their cum. 
After the last of Roberto's cum passed my throat, they 
threw me my clothes. I tried my best to dress in their 
presence with dignity amidst jeering and cheering. 

I never saw Miguel again in my classes. 

Class was over and I dressed in the changing area. I 
chatted with few of the students and was soon on my way 
to my car knowing that the eyes of those who knew what 
I did were fixed on me. I got home and did my errands. 
When my husband got home, we got ready for a night out 
with our friends. 

The End
