Raider and the Lost Lamp
by Mythical Traveller

CHAPTER VI


Several frustratingly fruitless days followed. Early in the search Lord Roft had 
volunteered (insisted, in fact) to assist Clara track the amulet down. His Lordship 
made inquiries with known collectors of Persian and Mesopotamian artefacts. 
Meanwhile Clara and Jeff searched through all the relevant internet databases of 
archaeological finds in that part of the world. Clara also, with the assistance of a 
couple of old contacts, checked to see if any piece like the amulet had ever been seen 
in the antiques black market. Clara, being a genie, did not need to sleep and so would 
continue her research right throughout the night. Her newfound powers, though, could 
do nothing to guard her from emotional exhaustion. As the tally of dead ends began to 
mount up, Clara found herself taking extended breaks from the research, often taking 
a walk around the manor grounds with her mother and/or father, who were always 
eager to spend the time with their long lost daughter.

One night, in the late hours after Jeff and Clara had decided that they had done 
enough researching for the day, they moved off into Clara's room to have a friendly 
conversation over a bottle of savignon blanc from Lady Roft's wine cellar. Jeff was 
surprised at first to see that Clara's room was about double the size of his own. Part of 
it was made up almost like a mini-living room, complete with a couch and coffee 
table, where the two of them sat down. Tired of reading, talking and thinking about 
nothing but the amulet for the past few days, neither Clara nor Jeff had any desire to 
talk about it now. Instead they shared their personal histories. Jeff found himself 
fascinated by Clara's tales of her fantastic (almost unbelievable) adventures, and 
Clara, ever the historian, enjoyed learning about the past of the man who had released 
her from the lamp.

"...and then when I dropped out of applied mathematics," Jeff continued as he poured 
Clara another glass of wine, "I signed up for an IT course, which held my interest for 
almost the entire first year, while I minored in archaeology, which I quickly became 
quite interested in. Mind you, by this time the debt from all those other courses was 
starting to mount up, and short of helping me find Lincoln's gold, there wasn't much 
chance of an education in archaeology securing my financial future," he said, 
prompting a chuckle from Clara. "So I went back and finished the engineering course, 
got my batchelor's, and an old classmate got me a low-level job in the city planning 
department. I stayed with the archaeology course, part time at least, for a couple of 
years before work got in the way..." he lamented. "I'd kinda hoped that at some point 
I'd be able to return to archaeology and even work on some digs..."

"...So what was that all up? Six courses you did?" Clara asked.

"Uh... seven," Jeff said, stalling for a moment as the alcohol had begun to impede his 
ability to count.

"Seven. My, my, my... You're a jack of all trades, aren't you?" Clara smiled as she 
sipped her wine.

"...Master of none," Jeff said, returning Clara's smile.

"Don't sell yourself short!" Clara chided. "You deciphered that map carved into the 
princess's sarcophagus. There must have been hundreds of seasoned archaeologists 
who have examined that design since we discovered it, myself included, but you were 
the first person who managed to see more than just a bunch of pictures. I think that's 
remarkable."

"Thanks," Jeff responded modestly. "I guess I always have been good at puzzles..."

"Well there you go! Jeff Rourke: Master of Puzzles," Clara said with a smile. "It's not 
your fault that they don't offer university degrees in puzzle-solving." They both had a 
good chuckle.

"When I was a kid, my mum used to buy me puzzle books all the time, you know 
those cheap ones they sell at magazine racks in supermarkets? And when I was, like, 
seven, she'd be buying me the books marked '13 years and older'..."

"Really?" Clara asked, fascinated.

"Yep. I've always loved the things. I always get a real feeling of accomplishment 
when I solve the things, you know?"

"So what was it that inspired you to apply your extraordinary skills to the design of 
the princess's sarcophagus?"

"Well... Let's be honest, this was the tomb of Alladin that you guys had discovered. 
You couldn't help being interested. Hell, the whole world was hanging out for ages 
just waiting to hear from you guys whether you'd found a lamp in there or not. And of 
course it was big news when you vanished without a trace. But I guess the thing that 
really caught my interest were the rumours that Alladin had built a vault for his wife, 
and that there was supposed to be a map in the tomb, but you guys couldn't find it. So 
I started gathering all the info I could. Just downloading all the official stuff the 
project managers had released to the public at first. Then I started getting my hands on 
inside information, through old archaeology classmates who had friends, who had 
friends on the expedition and research teams. I still didn't get much, but one of the 
things I did get was a nice detailed photo of the left side of the princess's sarcophagus. 
It took me weeks before I came up with the whole constellation idea. But when I did... 
and when I checked it and realised that it pointed to a set of Persian ruins," Jeff said as 
he stared out into space, a radiant smile on his face, "there was that feeling of 
accomplishment again."

"I can imagine," Clara said. "But there's something I still don't understand. Why did 
you go to all the trouble of travelling to the vault yourself? I mean, if you don't mind 
me saying so, it was a very expensive venture considering your financial situation," 
she asked with a masterful balance of frankness and tact.

"I don't know..." Jeff said uncomfortably, as he searched himself for an answer. "I 
guess... I guess I really thought that I had something, that I'd discovered something 
really important. I guess I thought that this was my big break, my chance to become a 
real archaeologist."

"But you could have had all that, anyway, if you had passed your discovery on to the 
members of the Hal'hadin's tomb expedition," Clara pointed out.

"And then what? Become some reference in the back pages of the official report? 
'Professor Drummond would like to extend special thanks to Jeff Rourke'? Clara, I 
thought I had a shot at doing something important. I thought that I could be the guy 
who discovered the princess's vault," Jeff explained, as a saddened look crossed his 
face. "Turns out, though, that I got there second. But I guess I should be thanking you 
for that, shouldn't I?" Things turned awkwardly silent. Clara's sympathetic expression 
never changed as she continued to gaze at Jeff, but he would not look at her. 
Eventually, she spoke, in a calm, deliberate voice.

"Just so that you know, what you did; going out there, finding the lamp, bringing me 
back here... It was important to me. And it was important to my family," she said.

"I know," Jeff responded, finally looking at her with a smile, which she returned. 
"Believe me, Clara, I'm not ungrateful. I'm really happy to see you back with your 
parents again. And I am so glad that I've gotten to meet you. Going to the vault was 
anything but a disappointment. It's just that... You know, listening to all your stories 
about the things you've discovered, and thinking about some of the mysteries out 
there that've been intriguing mankind for centuries... I just wish that I could make a 
great archaeological discovery of my own, you know?"

Between the alcohol and comfortable mood, Jeff had completely forgotten that he was 
in the presence of a genie and needed to be careful about saying the word "wish". 
Clara's lips began to part in warning, but it was too late. Before she could say 
anything the wish had been made. In a poof of dark red smoke, a tablet of red granite, 
about an inch thick, appeared in mid air about two feet above Jeff's lap, which it 
proceeded to land on, with a painful-sounding thud.

"Oh! Jesus!" Jeff exclaimed in agony, spilling most of his wine on the couch.

"I'm sorry Jeff, I had no choice," Clara lamented.

"What did you do that for?" Jeff whined, more confused than upset, as he pushed the 
heavy tablet onto the space on the couch between them.

"You wished that you could make a great archaeological discovery. I assume that this 
tablet will give you the means to do so..."

Jeff mumbled quiet curses while rubbing his thighs, when all of a sudden he realised 
what had happened. "I just used up a wish?" he asked, looking at Clara, who simply 
nodded in response. "Ah damnit! I didn't mean to do that," he said to himself, as he 
began to rub his sore thighs again. Taking a good look at the tablet of the first time, 
Jeff could see that there was a fairly extensive latin inscription carved into it's 
polished surface. Jeff could tell from the classic style of the script that the tablet was 
probably from the roman empire, roughly around the time of Christ. All the same, he 
couldn't really read it. "Would you mind?" he asked, looking sheepishly at Clara. "My 
latin's what you could call 'crappius maximus'" Clara manoeuvred around behind 
Jeff, studying the tablet over his shoulder. Instantly her attention was drawn to the 
name carved at it's base.

"Marcus Antonius," she read aloud, tapping on the name with two of her fingers. 
"These are the words of Mark Antony." Both of the young archaeologists instinctively 
leaned closer to the tablet, their interest piqued by it's famous author. Clara began 
reading it from the top. "On this day, those of us who remained loyal commission the 
greatest of all catacombs. It shall be built as the final resting place for... Oh my god!" 
Clara exclaimed, trembling. "I think these are directions to the tomb of Julius 
Caesar!"

"Oh my god!" Jeff said, echoing Clara, as he became deeply engrossed in the tablet, 
despite the fact that he could not read a word of it. They turned to each other with 
smiles of giddy elation, both lost for words. "This is incredible!" Jeff eventually said, 
as he stared into Clara's captivating brown eyes.

"Yes... It is." Clara replied, not entirely referring to the tablet. As she returned his 
gaze, she was instilled with an elusive sense of comfort that she'd recently begun to 
notice whenever their eyes met.

"So... um... where does it say he is?" Jeff awkwardly inquired, turning his attention 
back to the slab.

"Well... Now, where was I?" Clara muttered as she searched the tablet for where she'd 
left off. "...It shall be carved and constructed beneath the city, eastwards and 
downwards from midway along the third branch from where the great northern and 
western passages intersect... it goes on..."

"A map! We need a map of the roman catacombs!" Jeff interrupted.

"We have a complete set of catacomb maps in the library," Clara declared. With a 
graceful wave of her hand, all of the Roft's tablecloth-sized maps of the catacombs 
beneath Rome were teleported into the room. Together, Jeff and Clara used the tablet 
to deduce the route to the tomb and plot it out on one of the charts. The course turned 
out to lead through a previously undiscovered catacomb, walled off from a well-
known one, that in turn sported a section of wall that concealed the entrance to 
Caesar's tomb. Within twenty minutes they had completed a detailed map to the 
resting place of one history's greatest leaders. 

"...And there he is: Gaius Julius Caesar," Jeff announced as he drew a sloppy circle 
around the position they'd estimated the actual tomb to be. Scarcely able to believe 
what they now had in their possession, Clara and Jeff stared at each other, beaming. 
Caught up in the emotion of the moment, they wrapped their arms tightly around each 
other, laughing in delight. Then, as the hug began to break off, Clara leaned forward 
and kissed Jeff tenderly on the lips. She had caught him by surprise, but because her 
eyes were closed, she didn't notice the stunned expression on his face until the kiss 
ended. As she lost herself in his wide-open grey eyes, a million questions began to 
onslaught her mind.

Why had she done that? Was it a mistake? Was she about to regret doing it? What did 
Jeff think about it? Did he enjoy it? What was he thinking now? What did he think 
about her?

Before she had a chance to even begin to answer them, Jeff pressed his lips firmly 
against her own. Their embrace tightened once again, eliminating the small amount of 
empty space between their bodies. When the kiss ended, another began, and when that 
one ended another followed it, each one more passionate than the last. By now, the 
doubts Clara had been having mere seconds ago had abandoned her completely. Clara 
had taught herself to never be indecisive when she was pursuing something she 
wanted, and right now she really wanted to fuck Jeff's brains out.

Her feet pushed off the ground and she wrapped her legs around Jeff's waist, grinding 
her hips firmly against his body. The passionate kissing continued, and Clara moved 
one hand up to begin running her fingers through Jeff's thick black hair. Gentle moans 
of arousal began to issue from both master and slave. After one very prolonged kiss, 
Jeff pulled his lips away, and turned his head slightly so that he could look over 
Clara's shoulder to see a clear path to the bed. Clara's relentless lips continued their 
foreplay, undeterred by Jeff's diverted attention. She padded gentle kisses along his 
cheek, until she got to the bottom of his ear, which she then began to suck and nibble.

Jeff, in the meantime, had carried his eager companion across the large bedroom. He 
had almost tripped over the small step up to the raised area the bed was on, but had 
managed to maintain his balance. He sat Clara down on the mattress, and she released 
him from her embrace, but not before stealing a long, open-mouthed kiss. She 
scootched over towards the far side of the bed as Jeff hurriedly kicked off his shoes, 
before climbing onto the mattress beside her. They were both sitting up as Jeff leaned 
over towards Clara to resume kissing her, while running one hand slowly along her 
hip and up her back.

Clara's imaginative mind had already begun to think about the matter of their 
clothing, and had called forth her magic to give all of their outer garments the 
structural integrity of tissue paper, without altering their appearance in any way. Jeff 
had been firmly caressing Clara's back when he first heard the loud tearing noise. 
Breaking off an increasingly enjoyable kiss, Jeff leaned back in surprise when he saw 
the large piece of Clara's torn jacket, and smaller piece of her blouse, that he now held 
in his hand. Even horny as a rutting stag, he never would've thought he'd have the 
strength to accidentally do something like that. Clara chuckled at his confused 
expression.

"Don't worry," she smiled as she began to run her fingers up the top of his chest, "I 
can always conjure another outfit just the same..." She leaned forward and tenderly 
pushed her lips against his, picking up the kiss where they'd left off. Now realising 
that the damage was somehow Clara's doing, Jeff wrapped his arms around Clara and 
began firmly caressing her back, enjoying every new tearing sound he heard. Clara's 
fingers had by now carved a trail of ten large parallel tears in his shirt and jacket, 
which ran over his collarbone on both sides of his neck. After a few more agile 
caresses, Clara had torn the tops of his shirt and jacket to shreds, baring everything 
above the shoulders. It wasn't long before the lovers-to-be were playfully tearing the 
clothes off each other in large sheets, giggling and laughing like two children 
unwrapping Christmas presents.

When the last bothersome shreds of material had been torn and shaken from their 
bodies, Clara wrapped her scantily-clad body around Jeff's, like a venus fly trap 
ensnaring it's prey. All that remained of his clothing were his blue cotton briefs, 
which were struggling to contain what was obviously a powerful erection. All that 
remained of hers were a stitchless smooth peach-colored bra, and matching panties. 
The bra supported her ideal breasts in such a way that it made her cleavage a 
remarkably inviting sight, while the panties were beginning to show the slightest signs 
of a damp stain.

Clara and Jeff again pushed their lips passionately together, as their hands found ways 
of spur the arousal on in their partner's body. Clara resumed caressing Jeff's hair with 
one hand, while reaching down to fondle his butt with her other. Jeff's hand was 
similarly delighting in the sensation of holding Clara's curvaceous posterior in it's 
grasp, while it's partner had slid one of her bra straps over her shoulder and began 
fumbling around with the clasp at the back. Then without warning, his attentions 
seemed to lose their momentum, his hands becoming motionless. Clara noticed that 
her passion was barely being returned in their kisses, too, so she pulled away, 
realising from Jeff's expression that he was deep in thought.

"What's wrong?" she asked with concern.

"You remember back in the cave, how you couldn't speak when I told you to be quiet? 
Even though you wanted to?" Jeff said, contemplatively. He had only now noticed 
that Clara's hair was flowing down her back full and loose. She must've only recently 
unravelled her braid with her magic.

"Jeff, As much as I enjoy reflecting on the past, I don't think this is really helping the 
mood," Clara drolly replied, still randy as a teenager, despite the implication that she 
was otherwise.

"I can control your body," Jeff concluded, with a suspiciously subdued smile. Clara 
looked at him quizzically, as she began to wonder what he was thinking exactly. She 
didn't manage to work out Jeff's little scheme, in the few short seconds before he put it 
into practice. "Come," he said in a calm, but commanding tone.

Clara's entire body shook violently as an intense orgasm suddenly assailed her. It 
lasted only a split second, but what it lacked in duration in made up for in quality. 
"Dear god!" Clara moaned, as she struggled to catch her breath. "That was ama..."

"Come," Jeff repeated, with a self-satisfied smirk. Another tremor rocked her body, 
but this time the orgasm was much more prolonged. Her every muscle tensed and she 
bit down on her lower lip, muffling a quiet whimper. While inside, hot sexual 
pleasure consumed her like wildfire.

"Oh...Oh wow!" Clara panted, as her body went limp again. She was still sitting 
upright under her own power, albeit quite unsteadily, with her eyes still closed and her 
head leaning over to one side.

"Come," Jeff commanded again, still in the same quiet tone.

Clara cried out in delight as she instinctively pushed her womanhood as hard as she 
could against Jeff's rigid member. Had their privates not been separated by two sets of 
underwear she would have buried his rod deep within herself. The orgasm lasted for 
countless seconds, her sex ablaze with the most powerful level of pleasure yet. But 
this time, the orgasm was not as satisfying. The sensation of Jeff's mighty bulge 
pushing against her sheathed opening triggered a new level of lust within her. She 
craved Jeff's cock, now. She needed it. Needed to feel it inside of her. Needed it to 
feel it filling a void, a hunger, that was beginning to drive her crazy. Needed to feel it 
blasting the fluids of it's climax into the very heart of the sex-driven creature she had 
now become.

As the orgasm waned, Clara softly moaned as her body relaxed. Her hips slid down 
Jeff's thighs, and her head fell on to her shoulder. Only Jeff's arms were keeping her 
upright, had he not been holding her, she surely would've collapsed flat onto the 
mattress. Her breathing was loud and ragged, causing her sizeable breasts to heave to 
and fro. Jeff could not help but enjoy the appealing spectacle for a moment, before 
getting back to business.

"Co..." he began, but before he could give the command, Clara summoned a surge of 
strength and hurled herself forward, pushing her lips against his in an intense open-
mouthed kiss. She did it partially out of a primal need to lavish affection of the man 
who had been pleasuring her so, but mostly to buy herself some time to recover before 
he sent her into another orgasm. But Clara was too out-of-breath to sustain the kiss for 
long. Her mouth slipped away from Jeff's and began drawing deep breaths once again. 
Jeff watched her with a sly smile. He couldn't help but admire her cunning method of 
stalling him, but he had made his decision to give her one last orgasm before the real 
action began.

"Come," He ordered in that same calm tone. Every neuron in Clara's body went 
haywire as a meltdown of pleasure stormed through her. She flung her head back as 
far as it would go, baying a loud moan of sheer ecstasy at the ceiling. Once again her 
privates pushed against his ever-hardening cock, in a vain attempt to achieve 
penetration.

Her back arched further and further with each second that passed without the orgasm 
subsiding, presenting her breasts to Jeff in a very attractive manner. With a 
considerable degree of self control, Jeff abstained from adoring the luscious mounds 
themselves (promising himself he would give them plenty of attention later), instead 
leaning forward to plant a tender kiss on the smooth skin between them. Clara could 
barely feel him there. She was caught in a crossfire within her own body, between an 
amazing orgasm, and a maddening need to have sex with Jeff. Her awareness was all 
but drowned out. And then in an instant, it all came rushing back, as her impassioned 
moan trailed off into silence and every muscle in her body went slack. She was 
exhausted. By now, her panties were saturated with her juices. Jeff, realising that the 
orgasm had run it's course, pulled Clara back upright. Mustering her strength, Clara 
guided her heavy head onto Jeff's shoulder.

"Please... Please, Master..." she pleaded, as Jeff gently brushed her hair out of her 
face. "It's so wonderful... so much pleasure... but I need to have you, too. Please, 
Jeff... make love to me!" Clara opened her eyes as she felt some strength beginning to 
return to her, looking up into Jeff's. Jeff gazed back, into Clara's lovely brown eyes, 
with a look of sympathy. They betrayed her utter desperation. He was somewhat 
surprised, considering the wild display he'd just seen (even watching it was 
exhausting), that Clara was so eager to continue so soon, but he didn't have the heart 
to balk at such a desperate plea.

"Alright," Jeff said, eagerly. A beaming smile washed over Clara's face and she lifted 
her head to tenderly kiss Jeff on the lips. As one kiss lead to another, and another, 
Clara lifted one hand, and waved it around in a gentle gesture and Clara's bra, panties 
and Jeff's briefs all disappeared in poofs of light smoke. The kissing continued for 
several moments before Jeff realised that they were now both totally naked. He pulled 
back just enough to run his eyes over Clara's splendid form, down her ideal hourglass 
figure, seeing for the first time the narrow trail of thin brown hair that lead down her 
mons to the gateway of her feminine pleasures. His attention was soon consumed, 
however, by her perfect breasts. Clara smirked playfully as she noticed the delighted 
expression on Jeff's face. She slowly moved her hands onto Jeff's (which had made 
their way down to Clara's waist), and gently guided them onto her breasts. Needing no 
further prompting, Jeff gently squeezed her lovely mounds. They felt as wonderful as 
they looked, filling his entire grasp with their supple warmth. Clara purred quietly, as 
Jeff's attentions to her breasts (which were still erogenous from the orgasms) sent a 
buzz of pleasure through her.

"Is this everything you hoped it would be?" she asked, with a seductive smile.

"It's so much more..." Jeff responded, as he continued to gently fondle Clara's breasts. 
"You are utterly gorgeous!" he said with undeniable sincerity.

By way of thanking him for the compliment, Clara leaned forward and tenderly kissed 
him on the lips once again. At the same time, she gracefully slid her hips up along 
Jeff's thighs. Jeff moaned as he felt the tip of his cock come in to contact with the 
smooth skin of Clara's mons. Clara's hips did not stop there, though, continuing their 
slow advance until Jeff's rigid penis was gently sandwiched between their two bodies. 
A few seconds later, Clara ended the kiss.

"This is only the beginning..." she purred, as she wrapped her arms around Jeff's neck 
once again. "What I'm about to do to you is gonna be more magical than all the things 
you've seen in this past week, combined," she declared with an almost sinister smile. 
Before Jeff even had a chance to respond, Clara lifted her hips and plunged her 
roasting hot snatch onto Jeff's magnificent erection. Clara moaned in delight as the 
ecstasy stampeded up her torso. It seemed like she'd been craving this forever, and for 
a brief moment, Clara found herself wondering just how long she had been wanting 
this to happen.

Meanwhile, Jeff growled as the amazing sensation of Clara's slick womanhood sliding 
onto his cock sent all of his animal instincts into overdrive. Her lips out of reach, Jeff 
threw his head forward and began passionately kissing the side of her neck. What 
remained of Jeff's conscious mind devoted itself to delaying his orgasm as long as 
humanly possible - he was in no hurry for this amazing experience to finish. He 
waited until his rod was completely inside of her before he began to slowly rock his 
hips backwards and forwards. Clara instinctively began to move up and down his 
maleness, while her head dove forward to begin passionately kissing him once again. 
Jeff's hand's moved down her body to hold her firm butt and help guide her motions 
so that the two of them could develop a mutual rhythm. They kissed only a few times, 
before Clara lost herself in a reverie of sheer pleasure and began to hum an arousing 
song of sexual delight. Jeff nuzzled and kissed Clara's perfect breasts, as his manhood 
moved in and out of her heavenly opening in an ever-quickening rhythm.

After a while, Jeff leaned forward, moving his hands up Clara's back, to lay her down 
on the mattress, making sure that her head found a pillow. Clara's arms dropped on to 
the mattress, but her legs remained tightly wrapped around Jeff's hips, holding them to 
hers like a vice, ensuring his member remained inside her hungry pussy. When Clara 
seemed comfortable, Jeff began to heave and haul his cock within her once again. 
Clara released her embracing legs a little to allow Jeff to move in wider strokes, yet 
not so much that she ran the risk of Jeff's rod leaving her completely. She was riding 
on the edge. Her hands absent-mindedly pulled on the blanket beneath her, as her 
body writhed in slow, impassioned motions. Her moans were building up in volume, 
indicating to Jeff that her orgasm was not far away.

Jeff was grinding his hips against Clara's at an ever-increasing rate. Backwards and 
forwards, backwards and forwards, faster and faster. With every thrust he stoked the 
fire burning in her sexual furnace, fuelling and inciting it. It would not be long before 
it became a wild inferno that would consume her entire body. Clara's anxious moans 
gradually began to form into words.

"Uhh... Ohhh... Oh Yes... Yes... Oh God Yes! Mmmm.... Ohhhh...."

The slick walls of Clara's tight canal slid over the head of Jeff's volatile cock, and 
along the shaft with every motion he made. Each caress of her delectable flesh 
threatened to be the one that would shatter his self-restraint and send him into orgasm. 
Jeff was somewhat relieved when Clara's moans suddenly began to rapidly increase in 
their intensity.

"Oh Yes...Ohmydeargodinheavenimcoming! I'm coming! YES! YES! 
OOOOOOOOOH!" Clara's strong legs tightened around Jeff's hips, pulling his 
manhood deep into her body as she descended into the sheer rapture of orgasm. The 
sudden jolt of being pulled into Clara's tightened snatch was enough to send Jeff over 
the edge as well. Instinctively pushing his hips against Clara's with all his strength, 
Jeff uttered a guttural moan of delight, as his cock pumped mammoth bursts of his 
seed into the enticing center of the gorgeous brunette.

As every last ounce of strength collected in his crotch, Jeff's arms began to quiver 
under his weight. He collapsed on top of Clara, but gently. The two of them layed 
there together, moaning and writhing as ecstasy cascaded through them both. Before 
long their mutual orgasm began to wane, as Jeff's depleted loins fired the last few 
spurts of semen they could produce into their tormentor. Both Clara and Jeff layed 
there, motionless as they caught their breath. After a few seconds, Jeff moved off of 
Clara, his cock sliding out of her glistening hole. Her limp legs fell away from him as 
he shifted, no longer constraining his movement.

Jeff made his way over to the pillow beside Clara's, lying back on to the mattress with 
a contented sigh. No sooner had he layed his head down when Clara rolled over, 
draping her naked body half over his and snuggling up to him. She waved one hand, 
weakly, and within a few seconds, the bed blanket and topsheet had risen above their 
bodies, like the water level of a bathtub, before becoming solid once again. With the 
little energy she had left, Clara leaned her head up, and drank warm tender kisses 
from Jeff's lips.

Jeff wrapped one arm around her, running his fingers gently through her long hair. 
Clara's kisses nicely complimented the sense of exhausted contentment found in the 
wake of amazing sex. He wanted to reciprocate her affection, but was too tired to do 
anything more physical than a gentle caress. When Clara's lips slipped away from his 
for just an instant, Jeff gave his command one last time, "Come." 

Clara's eyes opened in surprise, and Jeff felt her entire body tense up. Her mouth hung 
open as if she were moaning, but no sound came out. Clara's eyelids fluttered wildly 
and her eyeballs rolled back into her head. The silent orgasm lasted only a couple of 
seconds. When it was over, Clara's head collapsed onto Jeff's shoulder and she was 
fast asleep.

Jeff gazed over at his peaceful lover, admiring her incredible beauty once again. 
Noticing the big grin she was sporting, Jeff could not help but be proud of himself for 
providing her with what was quite obviously a satisfying experience. With a happy 
sigh, Jeff turned his gaze upward, as he began to take stock of what had just 
happened. 

He had been strongly attracted to Clara ever since they first met. For most of that 
time, he had secretly fantasised about making love to her and tonight it had actually 
happened. "I didn't even have to wish for it!" Jeff thought to himself, as he began to 
unconsciously trail his fingers up and down Clara's spine.

He layed there for several minutes, simply enjoying the warmth of a beautiful, young, 
naked female body on top of his own, occasionally yawning as drowsiness began to 
get the better of him. Before his eyelids became too heavy to keep open, Jeff turned 
his head and once again admired Clara's lovely face, thinking back to something that 
she had said to him earlier in the night. She was right: his one-man expedition to 
Kazakhstan was a huge risk. But it had turned out to be the best investment he had 
ever made.

Jeff closed his eyes and went to sleep, smiling.
