The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any
other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, except
may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

Please!  Give me your comments.
 
E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

This is the repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance. 

Please read the author's note at the end. 


MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 52

The End?

or is it 

A New Beginning?


With each passing day, Angie was more happy and positive, which is to say she was more like her
twin. Mary, elated at having her missing daughter home, was floating on cloud nine. 

Andy, beside herself with joy at having a twin sister, made it her responsibility to train Angie.  She
had done a good job of it, being both gentle and firm with the woman only eleven minutes
younger than she.  Andy provided physical training, too.  Angie had lost her winter fat and was the
exact size of Andy, or rather, the exact size Andy was before she got pregnant.  That is a
wonderful size, as you remember.

For the first time, Lisa really felt like a full sister and a true family member.  She was blossoming
in Mary's retail business as well as at home.   She seemed to have the right combination of
sweetness, hard work and guts, to please the customer and make money at it. 

We all four slept at night in the oversized bed in the main bedroom as we always had, although
sleeping was not the thing we did the first few hours in the bed.  I have told you about that,
haven't I?

In addition to my four kittens, I occasionally enjoyed the company of someone else.  I was slowly
working my way through the "Triple A" list and adding a few of my own as I saw them.    

It had been almost two months since Angie joined us.  Andy was three months pregnant.  She felt
wonderful and her morning sickness was long gone.  Lisa was in her second month of pregnancy.
Morning sickness was not a problem for her.  She glowed with good health. And, Angie was
pregnant.  It must have happened the first time I took her based on the doctor's evaluation of her
term.  

Cathy was setting Hollywood on fire.  Abby and Betty were happy and doing well in school. 
Mom and Dad had never enjoyed life and their sex life so much.  

The stock market was up, so my investments were going great guns.  I had reproduced the
formula, giving me a virtually unlimited amount of programming chemical. I still had not decided
what commercial applications, if any, I would attempt for the formula, but, I had many good ideas.

Then, on one particular night, Lisa and I had been in the dungeon for almost two hours.  Each of
the kittens had dungeon sessions every two weeks or so. This one had been very rigorous.  The
doctor had said I could not take her down there much longer so she wanted a hard session to "tide
her over" as she said.  

"Oh, my, sis.  He really did a number on you," Angie said sympathetically when she saw Lisa
enter the living room.

Her rings had been chained to the wall while I whipped her.  Every lash of the whip made her jerk
and every jerk pulled the rings.  Her nipples and pussy were swollen and sore.  And, her ass and
thighs had some lovely stripes.

"Yes.  I loved it," Lisa gasped happily.

She lay on her side to avoid pressure on her front or her back as Angie started to rub her with
ointment.  

You know I am not cruel to these kittens.  They are programmed to tell me what they want.  Most
unprogrammed woman would not do that.  She would never say "Honey, will you whip me
tonight?" no matter how much she might want it.  But, kittens do ask and it improves their sex life
and mine. I will tell you again, communication, verbal and nonverbal, is essential to good sex.

Mary, reading in an easy chair in the corner, saw me motion to her. Sensually, she stood and
walked to me. She knelt, moved my legs together, and straddled me, burying my cock in her
pussy. 

Andy walked in from the kitchen. If I had known how many pickles she was going to consume
when she was pregnant, I would have bought a pickle factory rather than stock.  

Andy was already showing, a little paunch to her stomach evidence she was with child. I wondered
how big she would get.  It would be another month before the doctor could tell if she was having
twins.  She smiled and straddled me.  Slowly, she lowered her pussy to my face.

"I'll eat pickle while you eat pussy," she said, grinding that shaved delicacy into my mouth.

I felt Mary's pussy tighten hard around my cock as Andy crunched the pickle.  It was a
disorienting and alarming combination of sensations.

"Do you know what would make this perfect, sweetheart?  I wish we were married."

All motion and sound ceased.  I heard Angie and Lisa move by us.  I looked up to see them upside
down staring at me.  

"What do you think, sweetheart?"

"Murrmmmfffff."

"Was that 'will you marry me'?" she asked, moving back a little so I could speak.

"I said 'you are dripping pickle juice in my face'."

"Sorry.  But, what do you think?"

You know I had promised Andy on the streets of San Francisco I would marry her.  She let me off
the hook a few days later in LA, but we both remembered.  I did want to marry her.  But, I did not
want to single her out from the other kittens, giving her something I did not give them. I would
marry her if I could marry them all.

I can hear you women saying now, "Doesn't that sound just like a man. Saying that when he
knows there is no way to do it."

And, you men are saying "why marry her when you already have her programmed?"  Some of you
might even say, "Why buy a cow when the milk is free?"

All I know is, I meant it.  I would marry all of them, but not one.  And, guys, I don't understand it
either.  It just felt right.  

"It would not even have to be a real marriage.  I want to wear a white dress and march down the
aisle," Mary said wistfully.  "I want a photo album with pictures.  I want memories for my old
age." 

"I would rather all of us marry him then just one, even if that one were me," Angie contributed.
"Could we do that?  Not have a real wedding, but a pretend wedding where he marries all of us?"

"Not a real marriage?  While I am pregnant?  Oh, my!  That would drive my mother nuts," Lisa
said with a laugh. 

Oh, Lord!  That is an excellent reason not to get married. Lisa's mother.  I had not even thought of
mothers-in-law.  Mary's mother was dead and had been for many years.  And, Mary was Andy's
and Angie's mother, so she would be my wife and a double mother-in-law.  What a hoot!  

That left only one mother-in-law, Ethel Phillips, Lisa's mother.  Ethel was mean enough to be four
mothers-in-law.  Physically, she was an attractive women.  Only in her late forties, she was still
lean and athletic, which her daughter inherited. Personality-wise, Ethel was like the evil stepmother
in Cinderella, except the stepmother was sweeter. 

"Davy, I need to talk to my mother at some time.  She does not even know I am pregnant."

That will be a conversation.

"Who would give me away?" Andy asked.

"Uncle George would.  He would give us both away."

"My Dad would give me away."

I saw Lisa touch Mary lovingly.

"He would give you away, too, Mary, if you wanted him to do it."  

Mary smiled sweetly and squeezed Lisa's hand.  I relished seeing the four of them love and care
for each other.  We really were a family.

Sex had been forgotten, at least by the kittens.  My hard cock, still in Mary's pussy, was screaming
for attention. The three not riding my cock I asked to leave the area. I rolled Mary over and got
back to business. Sexy Mary.  She enjoyed it as much as I did.

A call to my attorney the next morning resulted in a call to an attorney specializing in family law
which resulted in a meeting in Denver.

When we arrived for the meeting, the attorney took a look at the four of them and asked which
one was the bride.  Four hands went up and she almost fainted.  Zelda, the attorney, was sharp,
classy, and dynamic.  When we left her office that day, we had a plan.  We could not marry unless
we moved to a Muslim country which recognized multiple marriages.  But, we could formalize our
relationship in a non legal ceremony.  

So, we decided to have a non wedding ceremony. We organized and got after it.   

The guest list would be family and friends.  

Family.  Mary and Andy did not have any family except us.  Angie had only the Caldwells.  But,
Lisa had parents (Peter and Ethel) and Paul, a brother who was two years younger, and some
aunts, uncles and cousins.  Me.  I had the Wilson legions with a dad, mom, three sisters, five
uncles and five aunts and twenty-six first cousins. And, that was just Dad's side of the family.  I
had two uncles, two aunts and seven more cousins on Mom's side.  

Friends.  They would be almost everyone we ever met.  I immediately thought of the Hermit,
Mistress Diana, Madame Delilah, Rebecca, Eve, and several others I wanted to invite.

Since both Lisa's and my parents lived in LA, the two of us hopped a plane for the coast. As we
took off from Denver International, I asked Lisa, "What would be the most humiliating thing I
could do to you?"

"What?" she gasped, her eyes getting that turned on look.

"Think about it."  

I picked up a magazine to read.  After only ten minutes of guessing and pleading, I told her.  

"I am going to make you strip naked in front of your mother and show her your rings."

"No!" she screamed.  

In a flash, two stewards and a stewardess were surrounding us, demanding to know the reason for
the scream.  It took a little convincing before they realized she was not in danger. The attention
was humiliating for Lisa, which made her happy.

"I was teasing," I said in her ear after we were alone.

"Oh," she replied in a disappointed, little girl voice.

We visited my family first, catching up on family happenings before springing our news on them. 
Mom and Dad thought a mock wedding was a great idea. Knowing my lifestyle, they had given up
hopes of a real wedding for me.  Since I had three sisters, I knew they would have plenty of real
weddings in their future.  

Dad agreed to be the moderator, as we were calling the person who would conduct the ceremony. 
If we had a minister or judge, it would be a legal ceremony, which, for us, was an illegal
ceremony.

All my sisters were thrilled. Abby and Betty asked if they could bring their boyfriends. Cathy asked
if she could bring some of her co-stars and maybe a professional model or two. We agreed and
suggested she bring males as well as females.  

As we drove toward Lisa's house, our tension level increased, hers from thinking about stripping in
front of her parents, mine from being with her parents. We turned onto Lisa's street only a few
blocks from her house.

"Looking forward to being stripped in front of your parents?"

"No, but I am a sex slave.  I have to do what you tell me to do."

That was Lisa shorthand, meaning yes she wanted it, but would never admit it, not even to me.  I
know the limits. Thinking about it was all the fun she was going to have. 

Pete and Ethel were elated to see their only daughter and cordial to me.  We sat in their den
passing family pleasantries until Pete asked the cogent question.

"Why are you here?"

Lisa turned red and gave me a pleading look seeking help.  I squeezed her hand.

"Mom. Dad. I am pregnant."

One day I would know what that would feel like. To be a parent.  To hear those words.  I suspect I
will have many daughters since I have four kittens to bear them.  And, from my sons and
daughters, I anticipate many grandchildren.  But, today I could only observe the feelings they
revealed. 
 
I had expected a reaction equal to a small nuclear device from Ethel.  She surprised me.

"Honey, is that what you want?" she asked very softly and with much feeling.

"Yes, Mom.  It is.  I am very happy about it."

Gracefully, Ethel moved to sit by us on the couch, taking Lisa's hands in hers, touching her
daughter's leg with her own.  Her face was loving and supportive.

"Then, we are very happy for you.  Thank you for sharing with us." 

"I was afraid you would be angry with me."

"We know Davy is your man, even if we are unsure of your relationship with him. We were afraid
you would lock us out of your life and not share your happiness with us. Don't ever lock us out,
baby."

A tear formed silently, sliding to fall on her breast when she looked down.  She shook, releasing a
sob.  Pete sat by her, pulling her to him, patting her shoulder tenderly, whispering a reassurance in
her ear. 

I promised myself I would remember the depth of parental love, the need to be a part of their
childrens' lives and the value of their support, when dealing with my own children.  I did not
change my opinion of Ethel, however.  We had not told them about the faux wedding.

When we told Pete and Ethel our wedding plans and explained to them the five of us lived together
and slept in one bed, they surprised me again.  Pete was very non-committal.  Ethel looked at me
as though she wanted to strip off my clothes and rape me. But, they offered no real resistance to
the idea.  Lisa and I were very relieved.

The invitation to our ceremony read:

Mr. David Bertram Wilson cordially invites you to attend a ceremony recognizing his relationships
with Miss Mary Mathews, Miss Andrea Mathews, Miss Angela Anderson and Miss Lisa Phillips, 
to be held . . . 

It was held in the ballroom of a lodge.  Knowing working to build something together is a bonding
experience in itself, we had all the guests participate in the decoration the day of the ceremony. 
There was plenty of food and drink to go around, with non alcoholic champagne and pickles for
those on a special diet.

"We are not on diets, Davy," Angie said.  

"We are eating for two," Lisa chimed in.

"Or, more," Andy giggled.

Dad, as moderator, was standing at the front.  I stood in the traditional place of the groom with
cousins and friends lined up behind me as groomsmen.  Cathy, Abby, Betty, and Elizabeth
Caldwell served as maids of honor.  I know a wedding normally has only one maid of honor but
this was not a wedding.  Anyway, with four brides you need four maids of honor. 

The kittens wore identical dresses, with adjustments for fit, of course.  That part was a particular
problem since one of the brides was showing. The dresses were floor length in an empire style,
with long veils.

All of them were stunning.  But, every bride is stunning on her wedding day, isn't she?

To traditional music, George Caldwell and Pete Phillips escorted two kittens each down the extra
wide center aisle.

We exchanged vows and Dad read the ceremony the five of us had written.

I had given each of them identical diamond solitaire engagement rings for the third finger of their
left hands after we had decided to do the ceremony.  Now, in front of God and everyone, I
removed the simple gold band on each one's thumb and replaced it with a diamond wedding band
on the same thumb.  

I kissed my nonbrides.

After the five of us walked down the aisle to the back and the groomsmen and maids of honor had
followed, the attendees quickly moved all the chairs out of the way and the band set up. 

We learned later we were not the only one who made plans for the evening.  Cathy had decided an
orgy would be appropriate.  

The crew she brought with her from LA was three gals and four guys, all of whom you would
recognize, and all of whom were beautiful and horny.  Cathy's plan was to start slowly and build. 
But, when one of her friends, a male model with the face and body of a Greek god, stripped off
his shirt, Elizabeth Caldwell lost her cool and her virginity as hundreds chanted "go, go."  That got
things started with a bang.

I was told later the young studs decided to have a cock size comparison contest which ended
abruptly when the Hermit pulled out a whopper.  That led to Cathy and another girl latching onto
him.  

I do know my Dad spent the night with Rebecca and George Caldwell spent the night with
Madame Delilah.  Mom ended up with the Hermit after he had fucked Cathy and her friend into
delirium.  I thought that was ironic since she was Uncle Bert's favorite and he was Uncle Bert's
best friend. I wondered if Uncle Bert had shared Mom with the Hermit while he was alive, so I
asked the Hermit.   He blushed and stammered, but did not answer.

I am not sure what happened to Patty Caldwell, but she showed up the next day very embarrassed,
with swollen lips and more stains on her dress than a White House intern.  George, Jr. worked his
way through the girls, including his sister and two of mine.  Paul, Lisa's younger brother, after
announcing he was bisexual, had a mano-mano with the Greek god.  Elizabeth decided she wanted
in, so they sandwiched her, meaning Elizabeth lost two virgin holes in one night. That seemed to
greatly please her.

Ethel, Lisa's mom, spent the night with Mistress Diana in a makeshift dungeon Diana assembled
for the occasion. Ethel liked it so much she went with Diana back to New York for a month.

I did not recognize Ethel when she got back from New York a month later.  Neither did Lisa. 
Ethel had lost weight and toned up even more.  She was wearing only locked six inch heels with
thigh high black stockings and an arm binder.  Diana led her by a leash attached to a wide and tight
leather collar.  But, the reason we did not recognize her was the leather helmet covering her entire
head. She only stayed a few hours before she and Diana left for the west coast.  Pete was anxious
to see his new pet.

I guess most guys hate visits from their mother-in-law.  Let me tell you about the first time Ethel
visited us. It was about three months after the ceremony.  Lisa and I picked Ethel up at the Denver
airport.  The three of us ate at an expensive restaurant and had a lovely, family visit. Lisa was five
months along then and showing nicely. 

When we got to Vail, I put Ethel's things in the back bedroom.  She handed me the small suitcase
she had brought with her, blushing and looking away as she did.  When I opened it I found a note
from Pete telling me to put her to work.  I also found a maid's uniform.  The uniform was rubber
and fit from the the top of her neck to mid thigh.  It laced very tightly up the back, particularly
around the mid section.  In essence, it was a full length rubber corset. 

I put her to work.  When she left a week later, our house had never been as clean.  Of course,  
Ethel never slept in the bedroom.  She spent her nights in bondage in the basement where the rest
of us visited her for our amusement and her delight.

I like having a mother-in-law like Ethel.  When she left, I asked her to come visit any time.  She
promised she would.

The five of us did not directly participate in the sex at the wedding reception except as voyeurs. 
Some others did not participate either.  The band was great and many people danced their legs off.
I did make Lisa pull up her wedding dress and show her father and mother her pierced pussy to
their mutual delight.  

Hours later, happy from the day and exhausted from the activities, we rode to our house hanging
off  the sides of a pumper fire truck courtesy of the Vail Volunteer Fire Department.  The fireman
hit the siren and sounded the horn as he wound through the streets.

Our living room had been stocked with munchies and mock champagne.  The mink rugs from all
three houses had been brought to Vail to cover the floor, making a soft bed for us.  Scented
candles provided our only light. 

The kittens excused themselves.  In a moment, they returned.  As you know, normally we are
naked in our house, whether sleeping or visiting.  Tonight, my kitten-brides wore matching, floor
length sheer nightgowns in white, which rustled suggestively as they knelt around me.

Sometimes being clothed in more sexy than being naked. I had never seen four more sexy women
in my life as they knelt demurely, legs together, hands folded in their laps, eager and happy faces
turned to me. 

I extended my hand to Angie.  

Angie.  My newest kitten.  The only one to came to me a virgin. The one still learning and growing
as a sexual creature and in her kitten skills.  The one most shy, although I knew she would one day
be as open and eager as her sisters.  When she stood, I picked her up and carried her into my bed. 
I took her slowly and gently as she purred like a kitten and responded in a heated and energetic
desire. I took my time with her, slowly teasing and tantalizing until we consummated the
ceremony.   When she was spent, I carried her again to the living room.

I extended my hand to Lisa.  

Lisa.  My different one: dark haired, green eyed, with her leaner body.  The one who desperately
needed to be submissive, to be humiliated occasionally. The one who so easily could become a
world class slut, fucking every thing with a cock, but who was very happy with me.  The one who
came to me as a willing slave, accepting my commands and my weight although not programmed.
After carrying her to my bed, I bound her arms and legs to the headboard, spreading her wide,
with her bloated and pierced pussy fully displayed.  I took some photos of her that way as I called
her a slut.  After making her beg to be fucked, I consummated my union roughly.  She cried in her
joy, tears still on her face as I returned her to the living room.

I extended my hand to Mary. 

Mary.  My oldest kitten, the mother of Andy and Angie.  My kitten leader. My rock. My stoic one. 
My Rolls Royce, with whom sex was smooth and dynamic. The one who most truly accepted
without question and was comfortable with her position as a sex slave, happily doing whatever I
asked of her.  The one who would never seek or want another man, but would fuck an army if I
asked, enjoying it as much as they did. The one who still seemed to be able to see my thoughts. I
carried her to the bed and lay beside her. She snuggled against me as my hand slipped down to
raise the hem of her gown.

"Davy, before we make love, may I say something, two things really."

"Of course, kitten."

"I said I loved you but Bert was my great love.  Remember? At the Hermits.  I just wanted you to
know I don't feel that way any more.  It is not that I love Bert any less.  It is that I love you more."

She brushed away a tear that somehow was on my cheek, then kissed me with a passion and depth
which melted my soul. 

"And, Davy, please cum in me tonight. I am ovulating.  I do want your baby."

"I planned to do that.  I can read the calendar, too," I said with a smile.

When I carried Mary back into the living room, the others were all asleep, in a little, warm pile as
kittens sleep.  As I lay Mary beside them, she wrapped her arms around my neck and whispered in
my ear.

"I am pregnant.  I could tell immediately with the girls and I can tell now.  Oh, Davy, I am so
happy."

"How can you be so sure?"

"I just can feel it.  You watch.  I will be throwing up in the morning."

That left but one with which to celebrate our ceremony. 

Andy.   

Sweet, delicious, delightful Andy.  The first.  Yes, the dearest.  If I had only one to choose, it
would be Andy.  She knew that as well as I.  But, we both tried to make sure the others did not
know it.  Andy.  My Porsche, hot, flashy, fun.  The one who loved me completely, totally, as only
a few blessed men are loved by a woman.  The one who would die before she let another man
touch her.  The one who was modest unless it was with me, then her sexuality exploded without
bounds or restraints. My imp.  My soulmate.  My true love.

She was apparently asleep, on her side with her five month pregnant belly resting against Angie's
back.  Gently, I slipped my arms under her to carry her to my bed. 

"Not tonight, dear. I have a headache."

"What?" I asked in astonishment.

"Kittens can't say that, but wives can.  I may say that a lot."

I laughed as she rolled over to face me.  She wrinkled her nose and giggled.  Her hands slipped
around me, pulling me down on her as her eyes flared with heat and love.  She crushed her mouth
into mine with a wild and dynamic kiss. Her arms wrapped around my neck as I carried her into
the bedroom.

When I placed her on the bed, she set up and yanked her nightgown off, throwing it to the floor. 
She lay back with her legs spread. When I lay beside her, she began stroking my back. I put my ear
to her stomach to listen to the life growing in her.

"What are we going to name them?"

"I am still working on the names' list."

"Well, hurry up! I want to start calling them by name."

"Anything else you want, little mother?"

"I want a pickle."

I moved to stand, but her fingers wrapped tightly around my cock.  She had that sweet but hot,
innocent but devilish, and always sexy smile I loved so much. 

"Sweetheart, this is the pickle I want."


THE END

The following author's note still applies.

Dear Readers,

I have received many e-mails from many readers.  From a small group, I have received multiple e-
mails.

I wish to thank all of you from the bottom of my heart for contacting me and for your words of
support.  It has meant a great deal.  Without it, I would not have expanded and significantly
rewritten this piece which is a work I did last year.

I encourage all readers to write an author if they like what he or she is doing (or, even if you don't
like it).  Such feedback is appreciated more than many readers realize.

Even now that My Inheritance is finished, I would appreciate hearing from you, positive or
negative.

Thank you again for following the adventures of Davy, Andy, Mary, Lisa, Angie and the other
kittens and characters.  I hope you enjoyed it.

Best wishes,

E. Z. Riter

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com