The irony of the convent is not lost on Sam as he finishes drinking the bottle of demon's blood. It is a plastic water bottle with one of those hamster feeding tops but he's drinking directly from the lip. The blood is cold and clumpy on his tongue, he can almost taste the sulfur.

"Are you ready?" Ruby asks him. She suddenly seems small, even more doll like than usual. It is nothing he has noticed in her before, how delicate she seems in her borrowed body, even as he is aware of the corruption, the smoke and the darkness spilling from her, invisible as it is to the naked eye.

"I'm as ready as I'll be," he says and then the world falls away.

It is like when he appeared in Silent Hill but it is not Silent Hill that he goes to, he is still outside the convent, he can see it but it is like a wall of great black glass or transparent obsidian between him and the door but it works much like a television screen in that he can see into it, and there are visions there. Ruby is frozen as Sam watches, out of time.

There is an angel, or at least how his brain processes one. It is an old man in ancient robes, with an eagle nose, pointed chin and ring of silver hair like a laurel wreath. He stands over a human girl with long black hair and skin like honey. She is bound up in chains of solid light. She is beautiful and innocence. "I am Lilit, the handmaiden of Inanna." She tells him, "there is nothing you can do to me that will change that."

The angel smiles. "I have no intention of changing that, child, I have a different destiny in mind for you."

The angel is Sandalphon, Sam knows that with the eerie prescience these visions give. "You are the sacred whore of your goddess, I merely wish to use that, I only wish to change you, to make you useful to my cause."

The girl, Lilit, writhes in her bounds, her linen shift rising about her thighs to show a flash of her crotch, one of the shoulders falls down to bare a breast, her nipples are tan upon high breasts, she is young and lovely. She is little more than a child, with a mouth like a pink kiss and hair shining with oil and gold dust. "There is a war in the Silver City over your kind, but even those who fight for your honour hate you with a passion that is almost demonic. But our numbers are not infinite, child, with each soldier that falls the Silver City aches with it's void. Each time one of us dies fighting the demonic forces it aches and shivers. The City tears itself down and I have no interest in the divisions of my brothers, but the army I was created to command is depleted, you are a sacred whore, you will fulfil my purpose." He steps across the room to her, pulling the shift back up to her shoulder to cover her. "I need an army, and you can give me one, but first I must make a few changes."

He places his hand upon her, over her heart and Lilit starts to scream.

The vision changes.

Lilit, who will become Lilith, is older now, in a bath, a wide stone pool, with her legs raised in stirrups as men mount her one after the other. "Enough," Sandalphon says, "make way for the child." And in moments her stomach ripples and fills, and a child slips from her into the hands of the angel. Even as it screams, and minutes at most pass, he pulls out the placental mess, hands the child to a priest and then as Lilit screams and screams, from more than just birth pains. another priest opens his robe and steps into the water, between her legs and mounts her.

The vision repeats itself over and over again.

She begs for her goddess to save her but she does not.

He watches in the timeless place, through the black glass that is part of the Darkness, Sam knows that, he loses count of the children, always male, that are ripped from her, the men that slake themselves upon her to bear such children.

It happens again and again and again and again.

Thousands, maybe millions of times, without surcease or pause as Lilit screams. Interestingly she never loses her beauty.

Then one day one of the priests takes the time to brush her hair, long and lustrous hanging lank in the water. He asks her name, which has never happened before and she struggles to remember. She tells him in her own language, which the priest does not know, that she has never got to hold her children.

Even as another man rides her like a beast, he rubs her head and strokes her hair. When it comes to his turn he refuses. Sandalphon splatters him across her and the feel of the blood angers her. She starts to thrash, as she did at first, but the bonds are old now, and she is lost to him. She pulls the tubes from her arms and the chains from the walls. In her rage and madness, for she has long since lost her wits, she attacks. Her eyes are empty and blood dribbles down her legs as she slaughters everyone there. She murders all the priests and forces even Sandalphon to take pause.

Even with the tubes of his device hanging from her between her legs and from her arms she walks out.

For what he knows is years she walks, sometimes she is given shelter, clothes, but mostly men take advantage of her beauty, forcing her down and rutting into her, then taking the children that swell from her and dashing them on the ground even as she claws and kicks, their friends holding her down before they too take their turn. When they sleep she murders them, and walks on wearing their blood, and keening for the loss of her children.

Zophael had said that Lilith was old and mad, and Sam knows why, but he also suspects that this is the least of it.

Eventually she comes to the place she searched for, a river that flows beneath an old castle. She climbs the mountain barefoot and dirty, but still her lustrous hair shines like black pearls down her back. She is covered in old blood.

The old castle has a lord, whom she calls Pasha and he is no more human than she is, the castle is ancient and holy, she is dressed in silks and furs, jewels draped from her, but still none gleam like the madness in her eyes. She takes time there, a queen amongst them with the Pasha, who is no more human than she is now, and in the night she wakes screaming for Inanna who never comes.

One night, the goddess name still on her lips she walks into the very heart of the palace, down the steps into the catacombs, through them to the great labyrinth and Sam understands everything. She is making the one choice left to her, revenge, because the Labyrinth is the way to Hell.

She strips away the robes and the fur, she strips away the leather and the gemstones, and eventually strips away the flesh to enter it, and the darkness soothes her hurts and places children in her arms.

She lies there in the darkness amongst the asphodel, the first of the demons, as Lucifer pulls her to him locking away the last of the darkness, until only she remains, immortal, childless and obscene, and steps back out of the labyrinth into the world of men, condemning all she touches, rutting upon them to create the demons.

Her wits, or those of the darkness, sustain her though she is not a host as Sam is, she is transformed, altered, reborn in it.

She goes to men in the night and then when the children are born she coos to them, she whispers their names, most secret things and carries them down to hell on a pair of wings she creates out of the night. She creates an army to undo Sandalphon whose name she can't remember, and takes the human body of a child that men may not harm her as they have done before.

She hears a tale of Inanna gone to Hell to rescue her human lover, of how she is coerced to remove her vestments and her jewels and her weapons and recognises her own tale in it. She weeps but cannot remember why.

The wall of glass fades to reveal a stone angel with it's hands in prayer. Sam understands Lilith now, but he does not pity her. It is far too late for that.

With a thought he unleashes the Darkness and her entourage are destroyed. They are slumped against the walls.

Lilith still wears her dental hygienist, that bland blonde girl. Sam is drawn to blondes, he prefers them, but this girl with her tanned Nordic beauty, she wears a wedding dress all white and diamante, but she is nothing compared to Heather.

Lilith was the Queen of Hell for a very long time, mother of the demons, mother of the monsters. She has been supplanted by a daughter of her own blood, a princess of the Lilim, Lilith created Heather, bore her line and created the town that forged her. She has planned her own end. There are words said, Sam doesn't hear them, he raises his hand and gathers her power. He hears the doors slam behind him but thinks that it might be an after effect of his own power.

He can hear his heart beat, he can hear the darklings whisper and Jess' grunting sex moans, he can see Lilith as she speaks, but the only thing that cuts through the distortion of the power is Dean's voice.

Pinned to the altar Lilith laughs at him, laughs at his impotence, desperate for it to be over, terrified it might end. He sees her not as the blonde dental hygienist, he sees the girl held in Sandalphon's terrible machine. He sees the girl wandering searching for surcease, a girl raised as queen in more than one country, burned as a witch in just as many. He sees the girl ripping apart her own flesh that she might finally be free of what the angel did to her.

He closes his fist and Lilith collapses, falling to the left, blood spilling from her mouth.

Ruby talks to him, telling him of her glory, of the pride of the Lilim, of what he has done for her but all Sam can hear is Jess, as if she is under water, he can see himself answering her but it is the Darkness speaking through him.

Dean uses a piece of rock to ram open the door, he lunges at Ruby with the demon killing knife and Sam holds her back feeling the life slip from her with golden light.

Even as she flops to the floor, lifeless, empty and used, the light starts to erupt from the floor in a circle made by Lilith's blood. Sam can see the darkness in the core of it, the decisions are made, it is done, for good or for ill Lucifer is released.

The wall of glass surrounds them, a barrier between the light and them, over the door, but protecting them from it's glare. This is Lucifer's Darkness here, not Sam's.

In the centre, in the circle of Lilith's ancient blood rises a great dark crystal, more than large enough to hold a man, Darkness solidified, and in it a child stirs, an infant, wriggling and turning to show the shadow of wings. Then there is a second flash of light and they are in an aeroplane.

Dean has barely time to assume the usual Ohmygodwhatisthecrashposition panic before the seat belt light flashes on and the captain is telling them that they have to make an emergency landing because of turbulence. To his credit Dean looks like he might be sick but all Sam can think of is that child, that winged baby inside the great black crystal of solid Darkness.