Summer Awakening
by Michelle Marie
Copyright© 2021 by Michelle Marie

Chapter 1

During the summer my parents would drop me off at my grandparent’s farm, where I would spend most of my summer break. My grandparents were fairly young in their late 50’s and were very much still living the hippie lifestyle of the 60’s and early 70’s. I remember my mom bringing me out here when I was younger for “family bonding” as she called it but to me it was very much like your common day family reunion or weekend cookouts.

I always enjoyed spending time out at my grandparents farm. The rules always seemed to fade away. While respect and curtesy for one another was always enforced, curse words, nudity, as well as Pagan rituals and traditions ran rampant. The thing I enjoyed most was I could sleep in and stay up as late as I wanted, I didn’t have to get dressed and could wear whatever I wanted, and nothing was ever mandatory. As a young teen, having free choice was amazing. I didn’t have to eat food I didn’t like, participate in activities I had no interest in, and was free to roam anywhere on the property I liked, as long as I took Mr. Bojangles, the family dog with me.

Mr BoJangles was always a loyal dog. While he was our family dog, he was unofficially MY dog. At the house he would always sleep with me at the door of my bed, and he would stay with me when I was out at the farm. My mom said it was good for him to roam and run free on the land and just be a dog. He was a mix of Australian Shepherd and German Shepherd, making him a highly intelligent and loyal dog, with natural instincts for out on the farm. Always barking and alerting me, and my parents/grandparents of any potential dangers.

The drive out to the farm was always so beautiful and peaceful. My mom would tell me stories about her days growing up on the farm, and what Grammie and Poppa where like as parents. She said they would sit out on the porch and watch her swing on the porch swing, while they would sing songs and pass the peace pipe back and forth. She said they would be partially or fully nude with a thin robe on and she would usually just be in her panties or just a Little T-shirt and nothing on underneath.

This was nothing that surprised me because enjoying the freedom and being one with nature was really a big deal to them, and even still with my mom, still til this day. I noticed a little smile as her voice trailed off and she lightly traced her upper lip with the tip of her tongue. “What is it mom?”, I asked inquisitively. Snapping back into reality and turning bright red with embarrassment, she said “Oh nothing hunny, was just thinking of your Poppa watching me on the porch swing...” as he voice trailed off. “Poppa watches me on the porch swing too sometimes.”, I added. “Oh that doesn’t surprise me one bit...” she laughed a bit. “He’s always been quite the voyeur.”

I noticed that dreamlike daze return and she began squeezing her thighs together as she set the cruise control. After a few minutes I broke the silence. “Momma, what is a voy ... voy-er...”, “Voyeur hunny”, she corrected me. “Well is normally associated with being a sexual fetish, but in reality, it’s some one who likes to watch things. Kinda like people watching” she further explained. “Some people get highly aroused or turned on sexually, watching people.”

“Is Poppa a Voyuer?” was my next logical question that made her smile and laugh. “Well I guess you could say Grammie and Poppa are both a voyeurs and your mother here has always been a bit of an exhibitionist, which is a very dangerous combo.”, she said with a mischievous smile. “Yes, I do enjoy being watched...”, she added, as she could foresee my next question.

“How do you feel when he watches you?”, she asked. “Umm I don’t know. I kinda like the butterflies and tingles it gives me ... you know like down there...” I said referring to my kitty. “Umm yes I do know all to well hunny ... Wanna know a secret?”

“Umm yea!” I said eagerly. “Just thinking about it how Poppa used to watch me, and him watching you gives me tingles right now.”, said smiling and put her hand on my bare thigh, giving me much more than tingles. I also couldn’t help notice the hem of her dress bunched up around her upper thighs, giving me a peek of her bare pussy, that had a light neatly trim layer of soft hair.

“Momma, when did you first start getting tingles down there?”

“Well I was about your age. Poppa used to take me around on his tractor. It was that old green and brown one, in the storage shed behind the main house. He would be out mowing the lawn or checking the barn and stables back when they still raised livestock. He would always have jeans on and a long shirt. Believe it or not, there were times he was fully clothed”, she laughed.

She went on, “Sometimes when he would be out checking the fence line he’d take me with him. I’d sit on his lap and often I’d just be in my sandals and my panties. It’s what I usually ran around the house and yard in. The old Diesel engine would vibrate your whole body. Then the cool breeze would blow across my chest and tummy. Momma’s nipples have always been sensitive, and riding around topless was more than enough to send tingles all over. But ESPECIALLY down there.”

“Is that why you don’t wear a bra?”, I asked. “Partly, but remember that I like to be watched ... and desired. I love the attention that I’m your Poppa would give me. When I got a little older, about your age now, he added a second little saddle seat directly in front of him for me to sit on. It was leather almost like a banana seat, curved up higher in the front, and lower in the back, allowing by butt to slide back against his ... ah ... erm ... lap! The best thing though, is that the support bar to brace it, extended up from the floorboard to the front of the saddle seat. This made the the front curve of the seat, that sat firm against my kitty, vibrate as the gears turned.”

As we turned down the old county road my mom opened the sunroof, rolled down the windows, and looked at me. “Let’s do something crazy, shall we?”, she said.

I just smiled and nodded in agreement, as she pulled the top of her dress down revealing her bare 36D breasts, that were more saucer shaped with just a slight sag from breast feeding, and capped with thick long nipples that stood erect. She then turned and pulled my dress up over my head and completely off.

I gave her a look of embarrassment, as I was there in the front seat in just my panties, and her being practically nude. Before I could object, she punched the gas and we sped down the road with a thrill which m excited me in a way I never felt before. Something had changed between us during that ride. It seemed to mark the beginning of a new phase. An awakening of sorts. I was no longer a little girl but a young teen, who was curious and eager to explore her nubile body and sexuality.


Chapter 2

The cool breeze circulating though the car felt good on my bare chest, and I thought back to my momma’s earlier comment about the tractor ride. As we pulled up mom pulled her dress back up but told me just to leave mine off so I could show Grammie and Poppa how much I’ve “Grown” as she glanced down to my perky, almost full A-cup, budding mounds, capped with light pink puffy areolas with tiny pea sized innie nipples.

As soon as I opened the door, BoJangles leaped out and ran around the yard barking like a wild banshee. His barking and yelping signaled our arrival, as Grammie and Poppa walked out into the porch in their robes. I immediately ran up to them and gave them a big hug, and could tell they both were pleasantly surprised that I was already “undressed” for the occasion. Then one by one they leaned down and gave me a slow gentle, tender, semi-open mouth kiss on the lips. Everyone in my family kissed on the lips, but this kiss was definitely more “grown-up” and more wet than any kiss I’ve gotten before.

My mom then told me to get my bags as she stepped up on the porch to greet them with a hug and a kiss as well. As I retrieved my backpack and duffel bag I slowly walked back to where mom and Poppa where still embracing and kissing and using a little bit of their tongues. After about a long full minute of kissing, Grammie turned to my mom and jokingly said, “I feel I got cheated now on my hello kiss!” We turned to enjoy the beautiful view of the land from the porch, as we made small talk. Grammie stood behind me caressing my bare shoulders as well as the back of my neck and earlobe, as the cool air blew across my bare breasts. I shivered slightly as the tingles grew stronger between my legs, my slightly inverted nipples popped out fully erect, and goosebumps formed across my soft smooth milky pale skin.

As we stood there, I noticed out of the corner of my eye, Poppa standing behind my mom with his arms around her, with their fingers intertwined. She stood with her head tilted back slightly as he was whispering something in her ear making her giggle. In that moment I felt happiness and joy for her, for us. I also felt a little dumb, as I realized that the chemistry has always been there, I was just naïve.

I closed my eyes and leaned back against Grammie and felt the bare, erect nipples, pressed hard against my upper back, as her robe fell open. She lightly caressed the tops of my shoulders with her fingers trailing them down my upper chest, tracing the natural curve of my small mounds in between them, then circling down underneath. I felt her breath on my neck and my knees nearly buckled as she whispered in my ear... “Oh my little granddaughter isn’t so little anymore is she ... Do you like that hunny...” My breathing was heaving and all I could do was nod my head yes. “Umm ... yesssss ... good girl. You make Grammie so wet!”, she further whispered.

Time seemed to stand still. I didn’t know what she meant by make her wet, I thought maybe she meant that I made her hot and sweaty with lust, but I’d soon learn exactly what she meant. She shifted forward and with her left hand cupped my left breast and gently started to massage it. She then took my right arm and pulled it back behind me, placing my hand inside her robe. I felt her soft flat tummy and her crescent moon belly button piercing that had a little charm with a moonstone hanging from it. I gently toyed with it with my finger, causing her audibly gasp in my ear.

I suddenly jumped a bit as I felt her right hand on my bare tummy which tickled a bit. She traced the outer edge of my own belly button with her index finger and it led to the most intense feeling I’ve ever felt. That feeling can only be described as a ticklish itch deep between my thighs as she lightly scraped the tip of her finger nail across my nipples while caressing the inside lip of my innie belly button at the same time. I placed my left hand against the porch railing as my other hand behind me, unconsciously slid down her lower tummy and my fingers sliding through her soft bush, and into her warm, wet, sticky folds. I now knew exactly how “wet” I made her.

“Oh my gawd, I never imagined you’d be such such a natural ... curve your two finger fingers baby ... yessss finger Grammie’s pussy!”, she desperately mouthed into my ear. At some point she grab the front waist band of my panties, using it to pull me harder against her and my fingers deeper inside her. This also caused my little thin bikini cut panties, to pull tightly against my own kitty ... no, I was not a little girl, I had a pussy! A swollen pussy that looked like it was going to break through the thin gausset of my panties. I looked down to see the perfect outline of my pussy lips but yet something was different. I noticed a little bump protruding between them and little wet spot where I must have peed a little a little bit from being tickled.

Then Grammie gasped, shivered all over, nibbled hard on my neck as I felt a hard contraction around my fingers inside her. Then suddenly there was a gush of wetness that splashed against my hand, and dribbled onto the wooden deck. “Fuuuck ... I haven’t squirted from just being fingered ... I don’t think.”, Grammie said quietly, still catching her breath. She then released her grasp on my panties, and turned me around to face her. I didn’t want it to stop, but I enjoyed the feeling of the panties pulled tightly against me, forming a deep crease between the lips of my pussy and now throbbing clit.

She took my right hand, wet from her juices and brought it up between us. My fingertips looked liked raisins from her wetness. I could smell the strong sweet, yet pungent smell of her sex, and noticed my index and middle fingers were a bit gooey from being inside her. She slowly brought my fingers up to my lips and wiped it across them smearing her girl cum across my lips like lipgloss. She then brought them up to her lips and slid them into her mouth, licking and sucking them clean. She smiled mischievous and gave me a nod. I instinctively licked my lips, and tasted her slightly salty, yet savory film that made me feel so dirty, yet sexy and grown-up at the same time.

Grammie then lifted my chin with her fingers and drew me into a soft playful kiss. A kiss that lingered and made my knees almost buckle again, as she parted her lips, causing the tip of our tongues to intertwine. As she drew more of my tongue past her lips, we both tasted that familiar flavor of her arousal. “Let’s go clean up and get you settled in”, she said to me. As I turned and bent over to pick up my bag, I heard my Poppa whistle at me as he checked out my little bubble butt from behind. I was then I noticed he and my mom had moved over to the other side of the porch.

As we we walked past them, I saw my mom on the porch swing with the top of her dress about to fall off, and looked to only being held up by her very erect and pointed nipples. I also noticed the hem of her short sundress was slightly bunched up around the top of her thighs, and she had her right leg pulled up and out wide, giving Poppa an unobstructed view of her bare pussy. She winked as I passed by and I gave Poppa a knowingly smile.


Chapter 3

As soon as we walked through the door, Grammie hung her robe, and told me go get settled in. I went to the guest bedroom, sat my backpack and duffel bag down, and fell back onto the bed. The comforter was so soft, and still had that fresh linen scent from being washed. I closed my eyes and let my mind wander. I would like to tell you that in that moment, I was relaxed and in a state of sexual ecstasy, but in fact I was confused and anxious. The car ride and talk with my mother alone, was enough to blow my mind. The sexual awakening I received when we arrived, was overwhelming at best. Even more so, the butterflies, tingling, and throbbing, now seemed more like a painful pressure build up deep within. I was badly needing some type of relief.

“KERPLOP!”, BoJangles jumped up on the bed next to me, and rested his head on my tummy. It was endearing, almost as if he sensed my frustration. He looked up at me with those warm loving eyes as I pet him with my right hand. Then suddenly, like a switch went off, he was very in my hand, sniffing it really hard and began licking it hard. Then my fingers, as he stood up and walked over me a few times, before settling down between my parted legs. He continued to lick my fingers and my belly, that immediately sent shivers and goosebumps all over. I don’t know why I didn’t push him away. But for some reason its was more of a new sensation rather than something gross or grotesque. He was laying with his neck on my panty covered pussy, lapping away relentlessly at my navel and then the smooth softer area just above my panty line. As he licked, the rapid repetitive movement against my pussy felt weird, awkward, and I’m ashamed to say ... very good.

I closed my eyes and just let myself go. I subconsciously bent my legs and gently began shifting my hips upward in rhythm with his warm wet licks. Gawd it felt good but making me more and more anxious as the pressure grew. I reached up with my left hand and squeezed my left breast and started flicking my swollen puffy nipples. Nipples that were no longer inverted due to my state of desperation. Fuck! I needed release so bad. Then at the height of my frustration, yanked the crotch of my panties to the side with my right hand, causing them to rip open. A frantic tear, that started from the seam around my left leg, across the front, and leaving them held together by only a couple threads, leaving my pussy exposed to him. A swollen, throbbing pussy that was definitively wet, and I could feel my juices run down the crack of my butt, as I continued my thrusts upward.

“Ahhh ... gawd ... Yesssss ... liiiiick meeee!”, I moaned as I felt his long warm wet abrasive tongue, start to lick me deep between my thighs. First, long laps down around my tightly puckered sphincter. Then up through my lips, with the tip of his tongue caressing the underside of my enlarged clit, that was throbbing and sending electric shockwaves through my body. And lastly around and and just inside my vagina, as if he was trying to siphon my juices straight from the source. His aggressiveness was the perfect excuse to spread my legs wider for him, as I tore my panties completely off. Then I exploded into a massive orgasm that left my body trembling, and my mind in an unconscious state of euphoria, that will never be matched ... or so I thought at the time.

I don’t know how long I was out of it but when I came to I was under a soft warm blanket, and draped over and snuggling against my mom’s smooth naked body. She was caressing my hair, neck, ear and cheek. I heard BoJangles barking outside and was immediately felt dirty, embarrassed, and ashamed. As I began to stir a little bit, my mom kissed my forehead and asked “How are you feeling hunny? After Poppa and I finished “cuddling” in his room, I looked in on you and you were passed out. I was a bit worried since you looked flushed and mumbling.”

I looked up at her as a single tear rolled down my cheek. A tear that carried so much emotion, dropped onto her soft smooth skin of her bare breast where my head was laying. “Aww hunny, what’s the matter? Did Grammie upset you?” I couldn’t look at her, and just shook my head “no”. For some reason I thought that if I looked at her she’d know my dirty secret. She always seemed to be able to read me like an open book but this was something I could never tell anyone. EVER! The fear of her taking BoJangles back home with her or even worse, getting rid of him altogether was an unbearable thought.

“Did you enjoy yourself?”, she asked. “Umm I think so ... Yes, yes I did” I nervously answered. She went on “I never really talked to you about religion and spirituality. But it goes hand and hand with love and how you feel and connect with others. Not just others but all living things. NEVER EVER, feel bad for making yourself or someone feel good!”, she emphasized. “Did anyone get hurt? Did anyone or is anyone going to get in trouble? “, she asked. “No momma”, I replied. “Then enjoy it. Enjoy yourself. Connect and and bond with people and things around you.”, she advised.

“All living things are connected to work as one. A system of living, feeding, and sharing with one another. Our family is no different. I bet you feel closer to me and to Grammie now, don’t you?”, she added. “Yes, Outside I felt connected with her her. It was ... I dunno ... like really intense I suppose.”, I answered. And very lastly she stated “We all have little secrets. It’s important to keep some things just for yourself. But if it hurts or upsets you, never keep it bottled up. Those secrets can destroy you. You can always talk to me about anything, and I’ll never share your secrets.” Then she looked down at me and gave me a knowingly smile and said “Mr BoJangles is good secret keeping secrets ... he and I have quite a few ... especially in the past few months. A girl has needs ya know!”


Chapter 4

My mom left shortly after our little nap, and I decided to take a shower as I was sticky and still a little bit “slimy” down there. As I stepped out of the shower, I started to reach for my oversized pink towel, but thought better of it. This is the new me. I’m not a little girl anymore. I’m going to have to accept my body and others will just have to deal with it!, I thought to myself. So I decided to “air dry” only toweling off my long strawberry blonde hair, that hung down just to the top of my butt. I then dried my feet as not to track water down the hall, and walked out of the bathroom naked and enjoying the cool air on my damp body.

I confidently strutted down the hall towards my room, however my confidence was very short-lived. For as I turned to enter my room, I ran smack dab into my cousin Shawn. “Ahh ... Shawn I’m naked! What are you doing! Get out of here!”, I exclaimed. “You’re the one practicing around naked ... and you mean OUR room.”, he said, as he took a step back to take me all in, and licking his lips. “Move!”, I said pushing him out of the way, and running over to the closet, in a sudden flash of modesty. Grabbing the first thing in my closet, I threw in on over my head, and reached around and grabbed the first pair of panties, out of my top dresser drawer.

When I stood up after sliding my panties on I turned towards him, to see him laying on MY bed with my ripped panties in his hand. “I can’t wait to hear the story behind these!”, he said holding them up and then sniffing them. “Give those back!”, I said jumping on the bed, and grabbing at his hands. Even though we were the same age he had apparently grew not just taller but stronger and more toned too.

It was apparent very early into our wrestling match that he was no longer the geeky boy I used to parade around and play dress up with. He quickly flipped me and straddled me pretty easily. Sitting up high on my tummy, pinning my both arms against the mattress with his knees on both sides. I was then I realized that the thin silk camisole that I had thrown on did little to cover up both at top and down below. To make matters worse, the panties I had grabbed, were my “special occasion”, very thin, light pink lace cheeky hipsters, that sat very low on my hips and were practically transparent.

He was wearing loose boxer shorts and a tight A-frame beater shirt. He apparently took it upon himself to get comfortable while I was washing up. Since he was using his weight and his legs to keep me pinned that meant his arms and hands were completely free. Completely free to reach back and grab my deep inner thigh and start tickling me, causing me to start laughing hysterically, and thrusting back and forth underneath him. However I was completely at his mercy and we both knew it. The more I squirmed, the more exposed my chest became. Until my right breast was fully exposed, and all but the tip of my nipple on left breast was on display as well.

At some point he turned his attention to the hand that was back behind him and now between my thighs. My squirming, flailing legs almost appeared as if I was humping his hand. His other hand was firmly on my chest for support, but unintentionally slid up my chest and firmly around my neck. I slowly stopped laughing and squirming, as his other hand and fingers changed from a wiggling to a rubbing motion as one side of panties were part way down my thigh, and the other side was pulled tight, exposing half my pussy. As he turned to face me, our eyes locked for a brief moment. The tip of his penis peaked out the side of his boxers. As his fingertips found the soft skin of my exposed lip, I felt the tip of his dick throbbing and twitching against my exposed nipple, dribbling a bead of thin fluid onto my breasts each time. He looked at me intently, as I felt his fingers slide deeper in between my pussy lips. Although I wasn’t “wet”, I was still moist from bathing, and it allowed me to feel the the friction of his curious exploration of my folds.

His rough erratic touching was no where close to the tingles I felt earlier, but letting him explore me, and feel me up at his will, took away my anxiety. I felt the fingertip of his middle finger rub and probe around my opening causing me to gasp and shake my head no. But he just laughed and probed deeper and deeper, as my mouth said no but I raised my head more and more. Increasing the pressure around my throat and in essence strangling myself with his hands.

Simultaneously I thrust my hips drawing his finger in deeper feeling the increasing pressure on my hymen. He didn’t know it, but I was just as curious as he was. It wasn’t sexual for me but a curiosity. Sure it felt good, but it I felt safe with him, as silly as it sounds. With his hand around my throat and him believing he was in control and taking what he wanted, it relieved me from any anxiety or shame. Only the unspoken underlying truth. Which was secret guilt that I did in fact like it, and grow to crave it over the long summer days.

“You two are awfully ... quiet ... Oh I see! Catching up and getting to know each other quite well, are we?”, my uncle Steve blurted out as he watched us both jump up quickly from the bed. A wave of embarrassment washed over me, but I kept repeating what my mom said to me over and over. Never be embarrassed or ashamed ... and despite the very different sensations and feelings, it did feel good right? After all, he was the one strangling me, molesting me, and shoving his fingertip inside me. I mean I didn’t even get wet like before, right?

“Ah we were just talking dad”, Shawn explained. “Yea, your son is a real jerk, stealing my panties and teasing me with them!”, I added in my own defense. Uncle Steve laughed uncontrollably at us both, “Yea sure you two, that’s why your panties are pulled to the side, and you have cum all over your tits!”, and walked out of the room. “Asshole”, Shawn said under his breath, but still audible. “Yea, like father, like son”, I said taking my finger and wiping up the smear of wet dribble from my chest. Gawd, I don’t even 65know how I got in this mess, and today was only the first day.

“What are you even doing here anyways?”, I asked. I usually had a good two weeks alone with my grandparents, before other family came to stay. “Any why aren’t you using the other bedroom? The other on was your dad’s old room growing up anyways.” I inquired. “Well dad and Gypsy are staying in his old bedroom.”, he replied. “Wait, what? This is supposed to be the summer getaway from the parental units spot! Summer camp without all the rules!”, I fired back in an agitated mood.

“Listen it’s not my first choice either, but my dad and Gypsy are kinda broke, and Grammie and Poppa told them to stay here this summer. The plan is for them to get married and move in together.”, he said in a defeated tone. “You can still have your space, I’ll even sleep on the daybed over by the window. It converts to a singe bed, or a twin if you pull out the trundle mattress and attach it.”, he suggested. “Don’t be silly”, I said, “You’re the jerk not me. I mean, I’m barely 5’3 and you’re like 5’6...” “FIVE-SEVEN!”, he corrected me. “Geesh, I didn’t mean to cut you short.

“How about this, I’ll take my moms old daybed. All the sheets that fit it are all girlie anyways. You can have the queen. The window area and the extra space that used to be the walk-in closet, is mine, and all this over here is your half.”, proposed. “No fair, the TV stand stand is on your half!” He objected. “Yup. But it faces your side of the room.” I pointed out. He thought for a minute, then after realizing I’d have to lay in the bed to watch it, eagerly agreed.

As far as rules were concerned, we both laughed at subject. There were never any hard rules here, but we decided to hold true to the one steadfast family rule. Respect one another. I then came up with the three B’s. #1: Respect for my boundaries, both personal and physical areas, such as my personal space. #2: Respect for my body. #3: Respect for my choice of behavior ... or rather my misbehavior at any given time. We also agreed that two pillows side by side on his headboard, meant he was open to me laying down on his bed and taking or watching TV. If the pillows were in a single stacked position, that meant he needed his space.

“Dinners ready, get out here if you’re hungry!”, we heard Grammie call out from down the hallway. And with that I gave my cousin a wicked grin, dropped the spaghetti straps of my silk negligee, letting it slowly slide down and off my body, and walked past him, and down the hall, in just my little pink lace panties. And of course put a little extra wiggle in my hips ;)


Chapter 5

Dinner was quite interesting, in that Gypsy was brand new to the family, and our open lifestyle. When I walked in to the dining room, I made eye contact with Gypsy, who after realizing that I was practically nude rolled her eyes at me and immediately looked over at Uncle Steve, who was doing his best to avert his eyes at me in an attempt to keep her content. In an effort to make Gypsy feel more at ease, Grammie and Poppa wore their robes, with underwear underneath. I was apparently the only one who didn’t get the memo, which was just one more thin mg to add to this crazy ass day.

Despite her mega bitch attitude, her face was absolutely beautiful. Long beautiful wavy brunette hair with blonde highlights with streaks of light purple. She was wearing very tight cutoff denim jeans that were unbuttoned and partly peeled down in the front. When she stood you could see almost the entire front of her light purple mesh panties. When the light hit at just the right angle, you could easily see-through them. She definitely took care of herself as her neatly groomed little triangle of pubic hair was also noticeable.

Her top was one of Shawn’s white beater undershirts. It was torn at the top, and stretched tightly over her 36-DD melons, that were perfectly round and full. She wasn’t wearing (or even needed) a bra, but appeared to have star shaped little pasties over her nipples. They stood up proud on her chest in their all their glory and I couldn’t help to think if that’s where all Uncle Steve’s savings went. Her backside was just as impressive.I couldn’t take my eyes away from her thick round rump, that looked like it was going to rip the seams. When she moved, her shorts would ride up just enough that the bottom curve of each of her cheeks would peek out.

Sure I thought girls were pretty. I’d take my time enjoying their beautiful as did my mom. Both men and women’s bodies were seemingly like nature’s art. Some obviously more appealing than others, but Gypsy was a masterpiece. She was everything I dreamed my body would be be someday, and it broke my heart. Finally meeting a real- life person, who was worthy of being my very first woman crush, and I ruined it.

After dinner we went out onto the deck that surrounds the little jacuzzi. It wasn’t anything fancy, but adid have a nice filtration system and Poppa added some led lights lights along the bottom that made the water sparkle in multiple colors and patterns.

The adults lit up the peace pipe and slipped into the jacuzzi. Grammie and Gypsy in their panties and Poppa and Uncle Steve in just their boxers. Grammie was of course topless, and after a few hits of the peace pipe, so was Gypsy. Shawn and I decided to walked down to the creek to talk, after sensing the awkward interaction at dinner.

I ran inside and grabbed one of Poppa’s button up flannel shirts to put on since the air was just a bit cooler as sunset. I didn’t think he’d mind if I left it completely unbuttoned and open. Not that I was the least bit concerned with what he did or didn’t see of my body. I grabbed a blanket from the foot of my bed, shoved it in my backpack, and paused in front of the mirror. My confidence wavering, I ran a brush through my hair, applied some lip gloss, and popped in a piece of gum. My mind was all over the place... “What am I doing? I’m not getting ready for him ... I’m just freshening up ... right? Gawd I wish my mom was here. I’m fine. Who is that bitch anyway? She’s not even part of this family. I see the way boys look at me. The way Poppa looks at me. The way her man looked at me, and completely envious of his son!”

“You can get those fixed you know!”, I looked up startled, seeing her peering in the bedroom doorway. “Huh?”, I said confused and with a dumbfounded look on my face. “Your tits, so your nipples won’t look so ugly. You know recessed a bit when they’re not hard.”, she said very matter of fact way, that made a knot deep in my tummy. “Yea, I know a good place, they fix fucked up tits all the time!”, she added as peeled up her wet and transparent shirt, and turning slightly, giving my a front and profile view of her augmentation. She then glanced down at my chest and walked off snickering.

I felt my body start to tremble, as I fought back tears, and felt my heart pounding as that anxious, nervous, yet angry feeling overcame me. “Hurry up, we’re going to miss it!”, Shawn said referring to the watching the sunset down by the stream. As if we didn’t have 58 more to come this summer. I grabbed a black pair of tight boyshorts from the drawer, threw them on. Normally I would wear no panties at all, but in my frazzled state, I didn’t care. Plus in the low light, no one would see my panty lines anyway.

I decided to somewhat cover my “ugly tits”, by buttoning up a few buttons, but the oversized shirt was still loose enough that my chest would still be exposed as I moved around. I tied the ends of the shirt tight and high around my upper waist, just under my rib cage, showing off my flat tummy, and completed the look by tying my hair up with a blue and black bandanna. The end result was a look that resembled Rosie, the “You Can Do It!” pinup girl back in the 50’s.

I grabbed my backpack, ran out the door with BoJangles in tow, and started down the trail towards the creek. “Wait up!”, Shawn said as he practically ran to keep up. “Nothing! I don’t want to talk about it, or anything to do with that stupid white trash bimbo whore!” Grabbing my arm and turning me towards him, he grabbed my hair and kissed me. I tensed up and tried to pull away, as he squeezed my chin with his other hand and REALLY kissed me this time. Forcefully yet with meaning, I slowly relaxed and his kisses because less forceful and more passionate. We stood there lip locked as I stated to get hot and those all too familiar tingles returned. I parted my mouth giving his tongue full access to explore and massage my own, as I did the same.

I reached around his waist pulling him closer. I wanted him, no needed him to take away the hurt and anxiety once again. Sensing this he walked me back a few steps and pinned me against the big willow. Using his left hand he held my wrists together up over my head while firmly up against me. Instinctively our hips slowly found rhythm with each other as I lifted my left leg and wrapped it around his right leg. He grabbed my thigh and moved it outwards opening me more, then pulled it tight against him as he shifted his hips down slightly so that I could feel his hardness throbbing directly against my pussy.

“We can’t do this Shawn, no, no, I can’t do this ... gawd I can feel you throbbing ... Ah, ah, oh, you make me feel so good.”, I said breathless said while clinging to him so desperately. His kisses traveled onto my cheek and across my ears and onto the back of my neck, causing my panting to turn to moaning. Moaning that validated his efforts and seemed to fuel the passion between us even more. My little hip movements against him turned into me full on dry humping him, as his kisses traveled down my neck. As he reached the top of my chest, the flannel shirt fell off my shoulders and I froze.

Looking up at me with those beautiful green as he continued to kiss my chest, slightly crouched down due to the height difference. “Are my tits ugly?” I asked, as my self-esteem seem to be non-existent in that precise moment. Letting go of my hands above my head, he made direct eye content with me, and gave me a mischievous yet sinister look. Then took the open short ends and wrapping them around the fairly thin tree trunk, along with my arms stick in the sleeves, essentially tying me to the tree.

“She told me I should go to a place that fixes fucked up tits like mine!” I said louder, and getting annoyed and frustrated with him ignoring my feelings. “Fucking jerk! Let me go! I’ll scream ya know...”, I snapped at him. “No you won’t”, he said taking the tip of his tongue, first licking around my navel, then trailing upwards between my breasts, up the center of my neck, chin, and finally lips. “You look delicious ... And you taste like...”, he then paused and slowly licked my lips a second time. “Umm ... like cherries ... how appropriate...”, he quietly whispered in my ear, making my knees weak this time.

“In fact I bet you’re creaming your panties right now too...”, he added and licked and nibbled my left earlobe. “We both know I’m not gonna stop til I get what I want...”, he growled. I felt his fingers hand lightly caress my neckline, then down the front of my body, brushing over my nipples, giving me a shiver and causing them poke out fully erect. His fingers teased my navel and slid further down, leaving goosebumps along the way. I gasped, as he ran his finger along the inside edge of the waistband of my panties.

“Gawd no, no, no, no, no, please Shawn I don’t want this!”, I pleaded with him, as his hand slipped further down, to my aching pussy. This time however, I was extremely wet, and his fingers effortlessly gilded over my swollen clit and through my lips. I bit my lip hard to avoid letting out a loud moan as he played with my pussy, spreading my wetness all around and sliding his fingertip over my clit. Then he brought his fingers, covered and glistening with my thick slimy wetness to my lips, and I was overcome with the very strong, musky, almost fishy smell of my pussy, that was begging to be touched by him again.

He smiled as tilted my head forward, parted my mouth, and eagerly took his fingers into my mouth. My taste, was a lot stronger than Grammies and let it set it my mouth, savoring the taste of my slimy cum, as I played with it using the tip of my tongue. Shawn then grabbed me by the throat, causing me to gasp, and dribble down my chin and whispered “You’re so beautiful and I refuse to acknowledge any crap that she or anyone else says.” He then gave me a very sloppy kiss, sharing in the taste of my cum as it transferred back and forth before I swallowed it.

Then in one quick motion, he yanked down my tight spandex boyshorts, pulling my panties down with them. He grabbed me once again by the throat with his left hand, smacked my bare pussy hard with his right hand. I cried out somewhere between pleasure and pain as the sharp stinging dissipated across my quivering pussy lips. He then laughed and said, “Come join me down by the creek when you’re done pouting!”, and walked off.

“You fucking jerk, you can’t leave me here like this!”, as I tried to pull away. “Fuck, I’m so done with this, with you!”, I yelled to no avail. Just then BoJangles walked up started sniffing my crotch and giving my thighs a gentle lick. “No, go away! Not here! Go lay down!”, I pleaded. I pushed him away several times then took a deep breath and relaxed. It was then I finally let go my grasp of the access material of the shirt that was balled up in my hands and realized the there was enough room to slip my arms out. In fact I actually started laughing at myself as I could have gotten free at any time had I just relaxed. As soon as my arms were free the shirt fell to the ground and I saw that it had only been half tied around the tree to begin with.

I calmed started to gather myself and pull up my bottoms and noticed my panties were now cold and soggy, and there was a damp spot in the crotch of my shorts. I also realized how badly I had to pee. Something that would seem to always occur when I got really wet down there. Using the cover of the willow tree, I shed my bottoms, and leaned back against the tree trunk, spread my legs, and let myself go. I let out an audible sigh of relief as the initial burn from holding it subsided, and a golden river began to flow from my pussy lips. Even though I was partly squatting, as the steam slowed it trickled down my thighs part way. Great, now I pissed on myself, I thought to myself. Well since these are already soiled I might as well!, and I used my wet pant to wipe myself up, and threw them into the backpack.

I threw my shorts on and headed down the trail with BoJangles leading the way. When I got there I saw Shawn’s boxers and shit laying on the the bank, and him sloshing around naked in the creek. I spread my blanket and laid down, leaving the flannel shirt off, and using it to prop my head up. As I watched him I thought about the car ride and the conversation with my mom about being a voyeur. I had to admit, watching him wading around naked in the 2 ½ foot water, was kinda hot. Even though it was dark, it was a clear night with a star filled sky and a near full moon. He pretended not to know I was there, but I knew he could clearly hear, if not see, BoJangles splashing around chasing frogs.

It was almost comical watching him try to tease me or impress me, or whatever silly motive he had. I’d watch him dip down in the water and move around for a few minutes then, then slowly raise up, leaving his penis just under the surface. Then he’d stand up, and giving me a side view of his fully erect cock for a few seconds, before turning his back towards me. As if he was oblivious to my gaze, and pretend to look at the stars above.

I’d love to tell you how much his hard cock made my mouth water, or how I wanted to strip naked and swim out there to touch and play with it. But in actuality, I was transfixed on his firm, round, muscular ass. The way it glistened under the moonlight, and how each cheek alternated up and down, without one bit of jiggle, as he walked away from me. I also loved his upper back and shoulder muscles, that almost made him look beastly, in the starlit night and reflection off the water.

After watching him for about 20 mins, he finally waded over towards me and stood tall in all his naked glory. “Are you done pouting now?, he mused. “Maybe if you weren’t such an ass, I’d join you”, I replied. “You know you like it. Apparently a little TOO much.”, he said playfully holding up two fingers and waiving them under is nose. “And THAT’s why you’re over there playing with yourself”, I said in a dismissive manner.

He sat down next to me and and we both broke out laughing. We certainly had a love hate relationship, always have, but there was an undeniable bond between us. The weeks when we’d both be staying on the farm, we’re my favorite. Being an only child, it was nice to have a partner in crime, so to speak. When we were little, we practically looked like twins, being the same age and even being born one day apart. His long blonde hair rivaled mine for many years, until he enrolled in public school.

He certainly got on my nerves, a lot, but he was also my best friend. I did miss him and I suppose love him too. After all he was my cousin, and we’ve always had a close family. But as we laid there under the stars, I felt something very new towards him, and it scared me. I liked him. Like I REALLY liked him. What I didn’t know was if felt the same shift in our relationship, or if it was just some big game to him ... and that was the scariest part.

