“La! Lady Alice!” 

Alice nearly trips over the toes of her slippers at the cheerful call. She puts out her arms, stumbles (but manages not to fall flat on her face on the hall runner carpet), and then turns toward the familiar voice. 

“Lady Alice! Whatever are you doing out and about! La! This is your honeymoon, yes?” 

Pushing aside the gauzy layers of See To Not Fro Curtains (a rather interesting invention permitting the occupants on one side of the curtain to see through it clearly to the occupants on the other while those occupants cannot see who is on the other side watching them) which separate the hall from a conveniently-placed balcony, Alice is a little surprised to find Lady Philomena taking tea alone at a small table that is fairly groaning under the load of the full tea service it must bear. Alice has never seen Lady Philomena alone before – the woman loves people and conversation and the whole courtier experience! – and eyes the chair opposite the woman warily. Perhaps she is waiting for someone? But whom? 

The gregarious lady sets down her cup, pats her artfully piled hair, and stands. “It’s wonderful to see you again, Lady Alice, although I hope your appearance alone and so soon after Tying The Knot does not indicate any... trouble?” 

“Oh, no,” Alice insists, resignedly sinking into the seat Philomena holds out for her and accepting a cup of tea and a slice of battenburg. “No trouble at all! I merely had an issue that I wished to discuss with the Queen, but...” 

“Ah, yes. She is behind Closed Doors. La! She works too hard, does she not? So talented, our White Queen!” 

“Very,” Alice manages and wonders just what the sum total of the Queen’s skills is... 

“La... I am so happy to see you! I have missed you, Lady Alice! And... also... I wish to apologize for the Lobster Quadrille...” 

“Apologize?” Alice echoes. Goodness! She had nearly forgotten all about it! “No! It should be me who... It is you who is owed the apology! Why, I left so suddenly and—” 

“You had to leave,” Philomena insists in a surprisingly compassionate tone. “Your Intended was clearly distressed to see you attending the event with another man. Perhaps you remember my thoughtless comment before the jellyfishing had started, yes?” 

Indeed Alice does. 

“I admit I was rather puzzled by your choice of Intended,” Philomena declares on a confidential whisper. “I could not understand why you would choose the Royal Hatter – surely any number of gentlemen here at court would have been pleased to assist you with Sorting Out the Object of Your Affections! But then we realized that not only had the two of you left the Luckluster Library with your Key, but the Locksmith had agreed to weave your Lock! Oh, la! Lady Alice, we were sure – and Sir Geoffrey in particular was quite concerned – that, you being from Above – were being led through the courtship. Coerced, even! Oh, la... we were so worried! ” 

“But you needn’t have been, truly—” Alice interjects when the woman stops for breath. 

“Ah, I understand now! Seeing the two of you sharing your Feelings through the Crown, Knowing each other’s Heart... oh, it was quite clear then! He is your Intended and please accept my humble apologies for creating difficulties between the two of you!” 

“I...” Alice pauses, replays the woman’s monologue, and summarizes, “You really did think that – somehow – Tarrant was... forcing me to complete the Courting?” 

“The Royal Hatter? Oh, well...” For the first time in Alice’s memory, the woman appears to be at a loss for words. “Well... we had all seen the way the Queen looked at the two of you and we thought... well, we feared that the two of you might feel... compelled to comply with her... encouragement – no one wants to disappoint Our Queen! Why it would break my heart should I do so! – and... Well, we simply did not wish for you to be... maneuvered into something you would regret.” 

Alice sips her tea and considers that. Philomena seems quite sincere in her remorse, however... her explanation for why she and Sir Geoffrey had attempted to come between Alice and Tarrant... 

She sighs. “I don’t think that’s entirely true, Lady Philomena,” she says as gently yet as forthrightly as she can. “I have seen the way everyone sneers at my Inten—my husband. As if he is... As if you all believed he is...” 

“Not a suitable match for a lady and a Champion,” Philomena concludes. “Which, in all honesty, Lady Alice, he is not.” 

Closing her eyes briefly and gathering her Patience, Alice replies, “You are under a misapprehension, Lady Philomena: I am not a lady. True, the Queen offered me the honor but I declined. And my work as a Champion is finished. I do not know what I will do with my life, but those are two things I have considered and... set aside. Deliberately.” 

“Oh... la... Lady Alice!” 

“Just Alice, please.” 

Philomena looks rather uncomfortable with that. “I... Oh, my. And the Queen let us believe she had Honored you with a title so that we would not... Ah, I see our error now.” She glances down at her most likely now-cold tea. “We would have appreciated your efforts on behalf of Underland, but we would not have... welcomed you so warmly if not for your title.” 

Alice marvels at the frank appraisal of the White Court’s prejudices by one of its own. “I would not have tried to force you to,” she attempts to comfort the woman. 

“Ah, but then we would not have met, Lady... Miss Alice. And that thought is a sad one, truly! Perhaps we have not understood each other well in the past, but I have greatly enjoyed your company!” 

Alice smiles. “You are very kind. Knowing you has been... an adventure in itself.” Which is true and, Alice admits, the adventure – while a bit long-winded – had never been Unpleasant... (Well, except for when Philomena had deigned to inform her of the Courting Rules, but Alice suspects she would have been cross with whomever had been the bearer of that message.) 

“Then, shall we start again, Miss Alice?” Philomena asks, hope shining in her kohl-rimmed eyes. 

“We shall,” Alice declares, following her instincts which tell her that Philomena truly does mean well. 

“Oh, thank you, Miss Alice!” 

“Alice,” she corrects her once again. “I’m no longer a miss , am I?” 

“La! You are correct! And what must your husband think with me delaying you for so long!” 

“It’s fine,” Alice says, waving the woman back to her seat before she can forcibly eject Alice from the balcony and back into the corridor. A half-formed idea – most likely an unwise one – had just occurred to her and she would like to follow through on at least one of her ideas today! 

Alice informs her, “I have some time yet.” And, in all honesty, she had best use it well. She is not sure she wants Tarrant to know that her Plot had been foiled. (For she is sure he will eventually discover precisely what she had Plotted and then... No, she will not fail him!)