My First Night at the Strip Club
by HauloverBeach©

Like usual I woke up about 1AM. But this wasn't going to be a usual night. Instead of laying awake for an hour or more trying to get back to sleep I had a plan.

I listened carefully to make sure Tom was sleeping soundly, then went into the living room where I had hidden a t-shirt and shorts to put on over my negligee. Tom had surprised me earlier by noticing I was wearing something nice "Have you got a date or something" he sneered. But he didn't act like he thought I was sexy, not even enough for a hug or a kiss at bedtime.

The new bar had opened a few blocks from our apartment three months ago. Unlike the other bars in the area this one had dancers or strippers, whatever they're called. But it surprised me when my friend Lilly told me that Wednesday nights they had an amateur contest. "I didn't win any money, but I sure had a good time Suzie" she told me. "And one customer said he wanted a "private dance" with me but I didn't have the nerve."

"What's a private dance?"

"That's when you go in one of these little rooms there with the customer and dance one song for him alone. They told me I should get about $20 for each dance if I did that."

I was shocked. "Lilly, I could never do that!"

"Suzie, you're awful good-looking. It wouldn't surprise me if you would win the $250 grand prize plus make that much or more doing private dances."

Now only a week later the idea had rolled over and over in my head and gotten bigger like a snowball. Finally I was ready to leave Mr. Sports Channel asleep in bed and go out on my own.

Lilly was waiting for me by the entrance and we went in together.

They had a little room by the door and you couldn't see into the club without going thru a set of heavy curtains, except thru a little window next to a cash register behind a counter. There was a very big beefy man behind the counter and he explained how things worked....

"Go in the locker room and find a locker with a key in it. Put your clothes and purse or whatever in it, lock it and bring me the key. Then I'll mark you down on the rotation to dance and give it to the DJ. When you're called get on one of the stages quick or you'll lose your turn. You get three dances in a row on stage. The customers buy tickets to vote with and if you get more votes than anyone else you get the $250 prize, second place is $150 and third place is $100. We'll give it to you when you leave. If a customer buys you a $5 drink you get $1. That would be a beer. If he buys you a $10 drink you get $3. That would be a mixed drink. If he buys you at $15 drink, that's champagne, you get $5. If a customer asks you for a private dance he has to pay the bartender $5 for the room and then you take him to one of the private rooms along the side opposite the bar. You should charge at least $20 and for a private dance you can leave on or take off any or all of your clothing. You can get close to the customer and even sit on his lap but you should tell the customer to keep his hands to himself. At 3:30 we get everyone back on stage and a quarter to four we announce the winners. Any questions?" He said this so quickly I know he had read it a million times before.

Lilly spoke up "Thank you Sam. Don't you remember me from last week?"

Sam smiled, "Actually I do. I liked your dances and I was surprised you didn't win any of the prizes. I think somebody bought a ton of tickets and voted for that bony flat wife of his who won."

Opening the curtains and stepping inside the club itself was like entering (or descending) into another world. It was so dark, so smoky, so noisy and so weird! There were at least a hundred men of all ages and shapes sitting around and watching girls on the three stages. Some of the men were obviously sexually excited and paying attention, others looked like they might sleep thru last call. Some looked like professional men and others like regular working guys. One of the girls was topless and wearing a t-back. Two of the girls were totally nude, one laying on her back with her legs open fingering herself a few feet from some customers who were watching carefully. It took a minute for our eyes to adjust and get our bearings. The entrance to the dressing room was behind the bar. The looks we got from some of the men we passed. I guess men always look at you like that, up and down and lingering on your breasts, but they made no effort to hide it in here.

The dressing room was no big deal, just a bunch of small lockers, a few benches and some cheap plastic chairs. A few girls were in there smoking and didn't even say Hi to us. I guess we were the competition. Lilly and I just used one locker, we were dressed lightly. I got my shorts and tee off about the same time as Lilly. 

She looked me up and down and smiled "Suzie, you're HOT! What an awesome rack and tight butt. I bet you win the grand prize!"

"We'll see. I can't believe I let you talk me into this." Haha, I was so ready that the crotch of my outfit was damp and here I was blaming Lilly.

Lilly and I took the key back to Sam and handed it to him thru the little window. "OK Suzie, just wait for your name. Just wander around and try to make conversation with some of these guys and see if they'll buy you a drink. Watch me for a moment, then you're on your own. Don't take a private dance till after you're on stage or you might miss it when you're called."

I watched Lilly for a bit as we went across the room. "Buy me a drink?.....Buy me a drink?.....Buy me a drink?" She asked about 8 guys before she got a hit and waved at the server. I could see her being served a beer and it was time for me to move. It was too embarrassing standing along the side in my red lacy outfit.

I went the opposite direction from Lilly. Why ask those cheapskates again? I came up to the first one "Buy me a drink?" just like Lilly. He barely took his eyes off the girls on stage. Shit, I can get that at home when the game is on. I picked my target and went up behind the next one, put my boobs on either side of his head and squeezed. "Buy me a champagne or I'll stop!" That got a laugh out of him and when he turned around to look at me I could see the most appreciative smile. He nodded yes and I pulled a chair up as close as possible and sat leg-to-leg arm-to-arm next to my new buddy. We talked for a while, sometimes with my head on his shoulder. I laughed at his jokes and smiled at him all the time while he bought me three more champagnes. Then he said he needed to save his money for the private dances, was that OK with me? "Awwwww, how sweet honey." I took his hand and brushed the back of it over my boob. "I'll see you later then, right?" His smile told me all I needed to know.

Four teeny glasses of champagne just got me going. Whenever I needed a new patron I did my boob trick and I never had to squeeze more than 2 or 3 heads. I was getting quite a buzz on when I heard my name...."Suzie, stage 2" repeated a few times, then "Lilly stage 3". Cool we would be on at the same time.

I had no idea what to expect, no idea what to do. We were both still wearing our outfits. Lilly leaned back against the pole and the music started. I didn't recognize it, just one of those THUMP THUMP da da THUMP THUMP things. Lilly ran her hands up her sides, cupped her boobs, ran her hands down over her abdomen and spread her legs then started tapping her crotch to the beat. OK, I can do that, and added some sultry body movements to it. Some of the customers threw $1 bills on the stage. Sam hadn't mentioned that. I turned around and did my backside the same way and also so that I could face the people on the other side of the stage. This was fun! At the beginning of the second song Lilly took her top off. She has a nice "compact" figure which means I have 10 times more tits than her. I played with my breasts, holding them from the bottom and pointing them in all different directions, playing with my nipples, totally enjoying myself. Then I started going around the edge of the stage getting close enough to let the customers get a squeeze. The tips were piling up. It's all for a good cause. I haven't been shopping for a long time.

The third dance started with dropping our panties. I hadn't realized earlier I'd be getting totally nude, probably wouldn't have come to the club if I'd known that, but I was so ready now!

First I just played with my lips, pulling them open and closed, rubbing them against each other and against my clit. Soon I was cumming and I didn't even try to keep it quiet. While I was still standing I managed to get two fingers up my puss and got off again, then went around the edges of the stage letting the customers sniff my fingers. One customer had his tongue out and I let him lick my fingers. Oh you bad boy! Then I lay back and pulled myself open with one hand and stroked with the other. I wished I had brought my toys!

Too soon the music stopped and I had to stop, gather my clothes and pick up my tips. Mostly it was ones but there were some fives and even a few twenties. Altogether there must have been a few hundred dollars. So far, with the drink money, I must have close to $300.

As soon as I got off the stage guys started asking me for a private dance. Way too many guys, I had to get control of the situation. "Guys, please wait your turn and I'll make sure you're happy. And my friend Lilly is just as hot as I am!"

I didn't know what to expect when I went in the room with the first customer. But he had been well-trained he sat in the chair, pulled out his dick and smiled at me. "What were you planning on paying me honey?" I asked.

"$100 for 3 songs?" sounded more like a question than an answer. Maybe I could have got more out of him, but I wanted to test the waters, so to speak.

I didn't have my lacy outfit back on, I had just picked it up and wrapped it around my money. So I sat down on his lap with his dick between us. I reached in to stroke him and leaned over to nuzzle his neck. For the second dance I got on my knees and kissed his dick on both sides and the head, then licked it, pulled it into my mouth. Mostly I was just playing with it, not trying to make him cum. Then as the third song started I asked him if he had a condom. I really wanted some dick. He shook his head NO and I tried not to show my disappointment. I sucked his dick in deep and then pulled out gradually. Turned my head a little bit more to one side or the other and did it again....and again....and again.....till my buddy gave me some anchovy paste. Good thing I like to swallow, there's no cleanup.

"That was great Suzie, what nights do you work here" he asked me after giving me my hard-earned $100.

"I'm not sure yet, but I hope I see you again."

I didn't even leave the room, the next customer came right in when he left. Thankfully, he had a condom and I sat straddling him and rode him up and down. I got a real holler out of him when he came.

For the next one I faced away from him and bent as far forwards as possible. Almost like a doggy fuck.

Then a few more unlucky guys without condoms and it just went on and on. I must have made $1000 giving private dances before the lights started flashing and the DJ said "everyone on stage". I didn't even care when I won the grand prize anymore, I could make more money than that giving private dances. But winning is always fun too.

When I got home I hid my lingerie-wrapped money under my side of the bed and crawled in. All too soon the clock was beeping and it was time to get up.

"Where's the outfit you went to bed with?" Tom wanted to know.

"Don't you remember, wild man?" I said with my sexiest look.

I'll be back next Wednesday.
