Friday finally rolled around and Jake stopped by her locker to say hi.

"Hey Tash!  You excited for tonight?" 

"Oh hey Jake!" She blushed, her gaze dropping to his crouch.  "Yeah I can't wait!  Where are we going?"

"To Paul's, he's having a keg party.  I'll pick your sweet ass up at 9.  Laters..." He said walking backwards and staring her down.

	Tasha rode her horse for a few hours when she got home after tending to her garden and practicing her Beethoven.  Working up a sweat in her chaps, she noticed her crouch was scratchy as her riding pants were extremely tight.  She hit the shower and decided to try shaving her private like her mummy suggested.
Her bush had never been too bad but a change might be nice she thought.  The hair shaved off easily and when she looked in the mirror she was reminded of when she was a little girl before she had pubes.  Only now she had some perky breasts and a sexy flair to her hips.  She inspected her now visible self and was quite pleased.  

She was drying her hair when she suddenly heard the doorbell ring and her mother called up to her.

"Tasha! Your handsome date has arrived!"

She checked the clock; he was an hour early!  She wasn't even ready yet!  She dug through her wardrobe for something to wear.

Jake's jaw had almost detached and hit the floor when Selena opened the door.  He recognized her from the Victoria's Secret catalog!  She invited him into the kitchen and poured him some lemonade while she eyeballed the young man head to toe.  If Tasha hadn't found him first she would be all over this one she thought.

"So Tasha is discovering boys and boys are discovering my Tasha." She stated.

He tried to be smooth but he had lost his cool at the door.  

"Yeah Tasha is a really funny girl!" He lied.

"Hahaha! Tasha is a lot of things Jakey boy but funny is NOT one of them."  She then leaned in and whispered in his ear.

"You don't have to bullshit with me, it's obvious why you would want her.  Young innocent girl with a body and face like that... Might as well have a bull's eye painted on her ass." Selena loved toying with young men.  

"Well let me say then that it's an honor and a priviledge to find out where her good looks come from.  I'm a big fan of your "work" Mrs.Vilenko."  He muttered.

"What do you know about my work Jake?" She said sarcastically licking her lips seductively and walking out of the room.  

"Tasha will be right down, make yourself comfortable in the game room.  Have her home by sunrise..."

Jake shook his head dumbfounded...


	When they got to the party it was still really early.  They played some drinking games which Tash was terrible at.  She drank occasionally, expensive Champagne on birthdays and New Years, merlot on her dad's yacht, rum in the Caribbean, just never beer.  She met a lot of people she didn't know.  Quite a few girls and boys that had teased her or her friends over the years but she played it off like it had never happened.  The girls were all fairly rude as they were threatened by the new beauty wearing a tight tank top and short jean shorts.  Despite being a geek, Tasha had impeccable taste passed down from her mother, maybe a taste for more than just fashion.  

Luckily Lindsey was there to take bathroom breaks with.  By 11 everyone was getting shit faced.  When Jake wasn't playing beer pong he was trying to grab her ass.  Tasha was getting drunk too and couldn't stop thinking about getting more cream.  She stole glances at the lump in his crouch and even dared to check out Paul's crouch when it wasn't grinding into the backside of Lindsey.  She checked out the crotches of every guy there before the end of the night.

The night flew by and around 1 almost everyone had left.  Jake and Tasha were the only ones left in the kitchen and had been viscously making out for 30 minutes.  When she was sure no one else was around, she slipped a hand down his pants and squeezed his cock.  She had a bad grip so she unbuttoned his pants and zipped his fly.  Jake made a move and took his hands off her ass to squeeze her tits.  Tasha pulled his boxers down below his cock and looked down at the thick monster pulsing in her hands.  

"You wanna suck me again don't you..." He whispered.

She nodded biting her lip and he slowly pushed down on her shoulders.  She dropped to her knees on the beer stained floor and pushed her hair behind her ears.  She squeezed it and some Cream oozed out which she licked up smiling widely at Jake.  She kissed down his cock and breathed his scent in before licking his balls for a minute.  She remembered what her mother had told her and quickly pulled her top up over her tits.  Jake reached down to squeeze a nipple and she could feel her pussy start to gush with warmth...  Maybe it was the beer?

"Keep working on that icing baby..." He mumbled.

"Don't you mean The Cream?" She asked.

"Yeah whatever..."

He stopped her talking by shoving half his cock into her mouth.  Tasha happily began attacking it using extreme suction and taking it further and further in her throat.  She stopped at seven inches.  Apparently her gag reflex was on vacation, she thought, amazed she hadn't choked.  

Suddenly the door burst open.

"What the FUCK is going on in MY HOUSE!!!"  Paul's dad Dennis was a huge scary man and he was angry, drunk, and home extremely early.  

He looked around the house at the beer cups and food all over the floor and steam came out of his ears.
Jake tried to shove his cock back in his pants but Tasha kept pulling them down not even realizing anyone had come in, and desperate to finish.  

"Boy get the fuck out of my house!!!"  Dennis said slapping Jake in the face!  Jake hesitated for Tasha who sat stunned on the floor with her lovely titties hanging free and he caught a fist in the chin knocking him out cold.  Dennis then turned around and tripped over Tasha landing on top of her.

"Why hello there pretty girl!" He said smiling at her breasts.   

He reached up and squeezed one with his massive hands.  He smiled and played with a nipple.

"Ummmmm, Mr. Pettrici? What are you doing?" She smiled praying she wasn't in trouble.

"Come with me." He grunted, blowing his whiskey breathe into her face.

Dennis was a beast of a man at 6'5" and easily picked her up over his shoulder.  He staggered into his den off of the kitchen and closed and locked the door behind him.  The room was dark and he threw  Tasha onto the couch.  Her head was spinning from the beer and the shock of what was going on.  Dennis drunkenly pushed her onto the floor in front of his seat on the couch and began undoing his belt buckle.  Tasha's hands rose, instinctively assisting him in taking off his pants.  Maybe he was thinking about having her give him a Creamer!  

His dick was out in a flash and her questioned answered as he smashed her face into his crouch.  Mr.Pettrici smelled extra musky and sweaty.  She breathed his odor in deeply and went to work.  She struggled to find  the head of his cock with her mouth in the darkness.  She licked down the shaft to the huuuge head and pulled it into her mouth with her tongue.  It felt about 8 inches but it was still soft.  She struggled with its thickness and brought a free hand up to assist herself.  Mr.Pettrici grunted and pulled her top completely off, throwing it aside.  She crammed more and more dick into her mouth as his cock rapidly grew rock hard.  She caught a moonlit glance at her hand which seemed almost a foot away from her face at the base of his cock.  There was an interesting two inch gap between her fingers and thumb...

Bringing her free hand up to his sack she realized it was hanging extremely low.  She hefted what she thought was his whole sack but realized something else was hanging.  Giving a soft squeeze she realized that her full hand held merely one of Mr.P's mammoth testicles...

She dropped her other hand and hefted both, amazed at how huge they were!  Each was equal to the size and weight of an orange!  Her mind raced at the amount of Cream must be in both of them combined and a pang of fear raced through her.  Maybe she should stop...

"Mr.Pettrissshhhhhhi?" She asked as he palmed her skull and pushed his cock back in her mouth.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh fuckkkk yeeeah... whattayawan..." He asked moaning and reaching down twisting her nipples.

"Uhhh, SLURRRP!  Nehwehmiiinb..." 

The warmth had come back and silenced any objections she had.  Now if she could only get into her pants...  Dennis continued to palm the back of her head and dictate the depth and pace while he played with her perky breasts.  She managed to slide her right hand down to her jeans while pumping the massive dick with her left.  She could barely manage 5 inches due to its girth but he seemed to be forcing it deeper every minute as she offered no resistance.

She cracked open her jeans and managed to slide them down a few inches, enough to get her hand into her sopping wet panties.  Her attention came back to his cock as he took it out of her mouth and smashed it into the side of her face and then plopped it on her forehead where it left a sticky blob of cum that immediately slid down Tasha's temple.  She fell forward to lick his balls while what felt like a steel hammer rested on top of her head.  The area around his nuts was like a steam room of pheromones and made Tasha even more intoxicated in her quest for her second taste of Cream.  She leaned back pulling the hammer cock off her head and slipped it back in her mouth getting a huge blob of Cream in her mouth which she greedily inhaled.  

"Jesus woman..." He moaned astounded at her tenacity.

She slid a finger in her pussy but pulled it out when she felt his cock twitch.  She needed Cream more than she wanted to play with herself.  Her saliva drooled down his cock and lubricated the rest of his shaft as she gripped it with both hands.  Even with 5 inches in her mouth and two hand grips around his cock there was still an inch or two in length.  It was so swollen she started doubting it was even a real dick until she felt a slow gush of Cream slide straight down her throat.  

Tasha pulled back so only the mighty crown was in her mouth so she could taste it.  She thought the rest would be following right behind it but she slurped on it for another minute before Mr.Pettrici started growling.  She felt an intense adrenaline burst as she prepared for it, squeezing a huge orange-sized nut while pumping the base.   

"Ooohh fuck... OOO FUCK!... OOOOO FUUUUUUUCKRRRRRAAAAAAAA!!!!!" Mr.P screamed at the top of his lungs making the moment even more exciting for Tasha.  Her heartbeat was booming so loud she was losing her breathe.

Finally his throbbing cock spewed its first stream of Cream into her waiting mouth in a torrent of cum.  It blasted her throat with the force of a water hose and filled her mouth in half a second.  She gulped quickly but her mouth was full again with the second before she could finish.  The third huge squirt blasted out of the sides of her mouth as she tried to keep swallowing.  Mr.P grabbed his cock as it fell out of her mouth and continued blasting his weapon at her stunned face.  She froze, feeling shot after shot of hot cum splash pelt her face.  Catching her breathe she opened her mouth and caught the sixth blast on her tongue.  Swallowing quickly, she wrapped her lips around the head and swallowed gulp after gulp after gulp until he was done spurting.  

She nursed his cock like a baby to a nipple, as it continued leaking a steady stream of Cream.  Mr.P was breathing heavy and his breathes turned to snores before she was even done drinking the rest of the dribbling come.   She fell back dazed thinking of all the health benefits drinking that much Cream would give her!  She crawled over to a lamp and turned it on and tried standing up.  Her shorts fell down to her feet and she kicked them off so she wouldn't trip.  Walking over to Mr.P she stared in awe at his foot long monster hanging over the edge of the couch.  It was still slowly dripping Cream so she got back down and slurped it up, squeezing and milking the shaft for a minute until she was positive there was none left.

Standing up in only her white panties, she stumbled to a mirror on the wall where she stared in awe at her Cream covered face.  The sperm had stuck where it had landed and was thick and white.  She scraped every last blob off pushing it into her mouth.  The Cream on her face alone almost matched what Jake had busted a few days earlier.  She gathered her clothes and stared at Mr.P's cock for a long moment.  Before leaving, she squatted down and planted a loving kiss on it still swollen head.

"Goodbye beautiful penis..." She sighed hoping to someday see it again.  Someday soon.

Dressing quickly she walked to the kitchen picking Jake up off the floor she brought him to his car and drove home, her stomach full and her heart content for the evening.

She parked his car down the street from her house and snuck Jake into her guest house.  He collapsed on the master bed and she pulled his shoes off before kissing him goodnight and heading to bed.
