Silke let herself fall on the drivers-seat, Ville instantly pulled her into his arms.
"Ow kulta, Timo will be fine." he whispered in her ear.
"But he's growing up so fast." Silke sobbed, not taking Timo's first day of school well.
"And lets hope he grows into a wonderful man someday."
Silke softly punched Ville as she dried her tears, trying to hide the little smile. "But he's still so small."
"He has Rebecca to look out for him." Ville smiled, glad he could still make her smile so easily.
Silke drove back to Castle Bam, as they walked in Ville led Silke to the couch and pulled her into his arms.
"I love you." Ville whispered before placing a sweet kiss on her forehead.
"I love you too."
Ville's lips found Silke's in a heartbeat, taking her breath away, but Silke quickly pulled away.
"Doesn't it feel weird to you? Not having any kids in the house?"
"It does, but maybe we can start practicing for a brother or sister?" Ville smiled wanting to keep the mood light.
Silke jumped up and straddled Ville "Can we? Really? I thought you were looking forward to touring again?"
"I am looking forward to touring, especially with our little family with me but you won't be pregnant overnight."
"True, guess we could squeeze the tour in before the baby would be here."
"And with the adjustments we made to the tour and busses it would be able to do with a baby too I think."
"Dream on Ville!" Silke smiled as she placed a kiss on Ville's lips.
Ville's tongue begged to deepen the kiss and Silke gladly obliged, and it quickly turned into a heated make out session on the couch.
"Skinny make love to me? Please?" Silke begged between kisses.
"Yes Skinny, fuck her, so I don't have to put on some porn to jack off." Bam startled the couple.
"Fuck you Bam!" Silke yelped, looking over the skater.
Bam had flopped down on a couch opposite of Ville and Silke, looking like shit as he did most of the times lately, hand down his boxers.
"That works too" Bam grinned "But I thought you wanted Skinny to fuck you and not me."
Silke stormed upstairs, not able to deal with Bam today.
"Brandon was that necessary?" Ville sighed, getting sick of these fights between Silke and Bam.
Bam got up and straddled Ville "I have you all to myself now, so yes it was." Bam leaned in to kiss Ville but he turned his head.
"You stink of alcohol. Go take a shower and brush your teeth!" Ville sighed annoyed.
"Ow come on Ville, you didn't mind before you got married." Bam continued kissing Ville, working his way down to his neck in the hope to seduce the Finn.
"I did mind Bam, go clean yourself up." Ville pushed Bam of him.
"Goddamned, I should have stayed out, at least they like me for who I am!" Bam yelled as he stormed up.
Ville walked up too mumbling "No Bam they love you for the freebies, not for you."
Ville found Silke sobbing in bed, he kicked off his shoes and got into bed with his wife.
"And then you want another baby? With Bam being who he is at the moment?" Silke sobbed as soon as she was in her husband's arms.
"I love him Ville, I do! But I can't take it much longer. I hate seeing him like this."
"I know kulta, we need to figure something out, and soon." Ville sighed.
Bam had been fine for the 2 years after Missy's death, keeping himself busy with the kids and the bar but as the third anniversary of her death came closer, Bam started slipping, the death date being the breaking point, he had thrown a big party at the bar, getting totally wasted, had a huge fight with Silke and Ville and then fucked every willing girl in the bar.
Since that night Silke refused Bam in her bed and Ville was stuck in the middle.
Ville whispered sweet nothings in Silke's ear to calm her down, together with the caresses, she was soon asleep, the emotions and lack of sleep catching up with her.
Ville stayed with her, still loving to watch his wife sleep, until he heard Bam storming downstairs.
The Finn carefully got up, put a blanket over his wife and walked down.
As Bam saw him, a smile formed on his lips. "Bitch let you out to play Willa?"
"She isn't a bitch, she just can't stand to see you destroy yourself."
"I'm just having a good time Willa, you know about good times." Bam pulled Ville closer, he had really cleaned himself up, even had on Ville's favorite perfume.
"There are good times and good times Bam." Ville sighed, feeling his body react no matter how hard he wished it didn't.
"You are always busy with Silke and the kids, I have to find something else to do." Bam pouted as he placed kisses on Ville's neck again.
"You could join us, Rebecca is still your daughter, and you know Timo sees you as his father too."
"But I still can't fuck you with them around." Bam pushed Ville down on the couch, his weight keeping the skinny Finn down.
"I miss you Ville." Bam moaned as he grinded into Ville, his lips looking for Ville's.
"I miss you too Bammie." Ville replied as he gave into the skaters ministrations, soon the two men were panting, naked and prepped to fuck.
"Bammie slow down a minute." Ville gasped.
"Willa please, I need to feel you around me." Bam moaned.
"Do you use condoms when you fuck others?" Ville needed to know.
"What? Not always, when I think of it." Bam replied, while grabbing Ville's hips, lining himself up to fuck his favourite Finn.
But Ville used all his force to push Bam off "No Bam, you ain't fucking me without a condom then."
Bam sat at Ville's feet, stunned by his force and his words. "Willa don't do this to me." he begged.
"You might wanna play with your health, but I don't." Ville said a little pissed off, he could forgive screwing around but not if it was without a condom, he couldn't get sick, or give anything to Silke.
Bam glared at Ville, "You did worse things to your body then fuck me Ville!" he said through gritted teeth.
"And I cleaned up my act!" Ville replied angry as he reached for his pants.
"No you got boring! Live a little skinny!" Bam grabbed Ville's wrists.
"Bam don't do anything you'll regret." Ville said a little calmer, not wanting to push Bam over the edge.
"I never regret fucking you Willa, and you like it kinky so shut up and let me fuck you."
"I would if you had a condom!" Ville couldn't hold back, seeing Bam like this was driving him crazy, and his screwing around hurt him more than he would ever let Bam know.
Bam's hand shot out and slapped Ville "Shut up!"
Ville was stunned for a second, but then he regained himself.
"Enough Bam! If it's so horrible here, then leave!"
"You forget this is my house Willa!" Bam spat back "and my daughter! So I should kick you out! Together with that little slut of yours! And keep Rebecca!"
Ville wanted to reply but BAM's phone rang and he was quick to pick up. BAM had a short talk with whomever was on the other side.
"Saved by the bell, I have to go to the bar to deal with something, I'll have a think about when I kick you out!"