A few days later, Jared runs into Jensen after clocking in for his opening shift. "Hey, you open tomorrow?" Jensen asks.

"No, I'm not on till 1:30," Jared answers. "Why?"

"I'm doing one of the public feedings tomorrow--the mountain lions." Jensen rubs a hand across the back of his neck. "And it'd be nice to have a friendly face in the crowd, you know?"

Jared nods. "I can do that."

Jensen smiles so brightly that Jared blushes a little. "Awesome, thanks." He raises the small cooler he's carrying. "I gotta run--the snakes get cranky when they don't get fed on time."

Jared takes a step back. "We certainly wouldn't want that," he says with a grin. "See you later."

The next day, Jared has to explain to everyone he meets why he's in the zoo early. Most of them easily accept his explanation, but Sam gives him a conspiratorial wink that he doesn't really understand. The mountain lion pen is on the far side of the zoo, across the bridge and at the top of the hill. It's quite small compared to the lynx pen, especially considering that it houses three animals as opposed to one. He hears someone whistle and turns to see Jensen walking up the hill with two large coolers. "You need help?" Jared calls.

"Nah, I got it," Jensen replies.

A couple of children spot Jensen and run over to him. "Are you feeding the animals?" asks the older one, a ginger-haired girl about eight years old.

"Yes, I'll be feeding the mountain lions," answers Jensen. "And you can watch."

The kids squeal with excitement. Their mother rushes over with a double stroller and apologizes to Jensen. "It's okay," says Jensen. "I was just telling them to find a good spot to watch the mountain lions eat breakfast."

The mother grabs her oldest daughter's hand. "Come along now, leave the nice zookeeper alone."

Jensen disappears behind the pen and re-emerges behind the fence. He sets the two coolers down on the side. One of the cats jumps down from the rock ledge and sniffs the coolers, then lets out a high-pitched yowl. The other cats appear from behind the rock formation. There's a small crowd gathered around, mostly young children and parents. Jared hangs behind them and catches Jensen's eye to give him an encouraging smile. Jensen smiles back and opens one of the coolers. The cats move backwards as Jensen pulls out two large pieces of raw meat. He tosses the meat to the waiting animals and describes what mountain lions eat in the wild as opposed to what the keepers feed them.

Jensen reaches deep into one cooler and grabs two different-looking steaks. "This steak in my left hand is an elk steak." He tosses it to the smallest cat and addresses the crowd in a hushed voice. "Don't tell the guys next door, okay?" He points to the elk exhibit on the right and the children laugh. He holds up the other steak. "This steak is a regular steak like you would order at a restaurant." One of the cats paws at the ground and Jensen sets the steak in front of him. The cat picks it up in its jaws and carries it off. "Mountain lions like to hide food away for later. That's why we give them more in the morning than in the evening. We feed them between five and seven pounds of raw meat a day."

Jensen disperses the rest of the meat throughout the pen and closes the coolers. "Does anybody know what other names mountain lions are sometimes called?"

"Cougars!" shouts an older boy.

"That's right!" replies Jensen. He's good with the kids, talking to them rather than at them. "There's one more name. It starts with a P. Any guesses?"

After a few moments, a father calls it out. "Puma."

"Yes, that's it," says Jensen.

"What are their names?" asks a young girl, pointing at the pen.

Jensen smiles and indicates the cat closest to him. "This male here is Rufus, the male in the corner is Alistair, and this girl--" He points to the smallest cat in the middle. "--is Hermione."

"Like in Harry Potter?" says the ginger-haired girl from earlier.

"Yes, she is named after the Harry Potter character," Jensen confirms. "She was named by the workers at the wildlife rescue we got her from." He picks up the coolers. "That's all for today. Enjoy the rest of your visit."

The small crowd scatters, most of them heading east toward the bison. He can hear the children chattering eagerly about the display. He waits until Jensen reappears from the keeper's entrance.

"You're really good at talking to the kids," Jared tells him. "They were really interested. I could tell."

Jensen's cheeks color slightly and he ducks his head, but Jared can tell he's smiling. "Thanks."

"What are you doing after this?" asks Jared.

"My break's at noon," Jensen replies. "We could go get real food."

Jared grins. "Works for me."

"I've got stuff to do in the vet building, so I'll meet you in the shop after I clock out."

"Cool." Jared turns toward the staff house. "See you later."

When Jensen comes into the shop just after twelve, the first thing Jared sees is the gauze wrapped around his wrist. "What happened?" he asks, pointing to it.

Jensen rolls his eyes. "We've got a hawk in quarantine and she's pretty vicious. Took a chunk out of my arm."

"Ouch." Jared winces in sympathy.

"It's not so bad," says Jensen. "So, where are we going?"

"You wanna go to Red Robin?"

"Sure." Jensen smiles and pulls open the heavy main door. He gestures for Jared to go first.

"Dude, I'm not your girlfriend," Jared says lightly. "I can open my own doors."

Jensen shrugs. "You driving?"

"You don't have your car here?" Jared walks up the stairs to the parking lot, Jensen trailing behind him.

"It's not my car--my roommate and I share his." Jensen buckles his seat belt. "He works here too, so we carpool most days. He's closing, so the car's over at the service center."

"Where does he work?"

"Security." Jensen chuckles. "He hates bag check. He pulls that about twice a week."

"Yeah, that would suck." Jared parks the truck and follows Jensen into the restaurant.

"So how do you like the job so far?" asks Jared once they've ordered. Jensen smiles; Jared tries not to notice the way Jensen smiles with his whole face and how gorgeous that smile really is. He's never paid attention to another guy's appearance before and he has no idea why he's so hung up on Jensen's.

"It's great, I love it," says Jensen. "It's cool to get real hands-on experience with all the animals. A lot of what I do is record-keeping--water temps and medication schedules and stuff like that--but I don't mind it."

"That's awesome." Jared grins. "You think you'd come back if they offered you a keeper job?"

"I don't know," Jensen replies. "I mean, I'd love to come back to work with the animals, but the keeper jobs are permanent part-time and I'm pretty sure I'd need a full-time job."

"I didn't know the keepers were considered part-time," says Jared. "That doesn't seem fair."

"It's not fair, but Park management won't upgrade their jobs because then they'd have to give them benefits."

"So how do the keepers now live on just part-time wages?"

"They're all married," answers Jensen. "And that's not really an option for me."

Jared raises an eyebrow. "Why not?"

"Because I'm gay, Jared."

Jared's eyes widen. "Oh."

Jensen frowns. "Is that a problem?" he asks roughly.

"No, of course not!" Jared picks up his spoon and twirls it. "It's just... unexpected, that's all."

This time, Jensen's eyes widen. "You mean you're not--you weren't--shit." Jensen slides out of the booth.

"No, wait!" Jared reaches out to grab Jensen's hand, but then he remembers Jensen's injury and hooks a belt loop instead. "We can talk about this. Sit down."

Jensen sighs and goes back to his seat. "I don't think I want to talk about it."

"Okay, then we don't have to." Jared smiles cautiously. "We'll just forget about it. No harm, no foul. Deal?"

Jensen nods. "Deal."

Memorial Day weekend starts out crazy and only gets worse. By the time Jared's shift is over Sunday he understands the old joke that "tourist season should mean we can shoot them." The guests are clueless, obnoxious, and whiny.

"It's too hot."

"The animals were all asleep."

"We didn't see the [whatever animal]."

"I don't want a stamp on my hand."

To make things worse, Jared spends most of Saturday on the bridge with Julie, who's at least confident enough to rattle off the standard spiel to all comers but is still terrible with questions. Jared breathes a huge sigh of relief when he sees that Julie isn't scheduled the rest of the weekend.

Sunday Jared pulls desk duty in the morning and doesn't have to go to the bridge until one o'clock, where he's assigned to work with a minor named Gabe who is actually pretty cool for a fifteen-year-old. It's his second year at the Park and he's a refugee from Retail, which he quit because all his bosses were crazy. After hearing all the stories, one of which involved a three-foot-tall stuffed Santa catching fire, Jared has to admit that he would have jumped ship too.

"It's so much better over here," says Gabe. "None of the supervisors treat me like I'm stupid just because I have a line on my nametag."

Alona comes up to the bridge to relieve Jared at four. "You're coming tonight, right?"

"Definitely," says Jared. "Wouldn't miss it."

She smiles. "Cool. See you later."

Jared clocks out at the arcade and heads to his truck. He rolls all the windows down and speeds home. He spends the rest of his afternoon playing Guitar Hero in his air-conditioned bedroom.

His cell phone rings as he's walking out the door to go to Pizza Hut. He checks the display and is surprised to see the office number. "Hello?"

"Hey, have you left yet?" asks Jensen.

"No, why?"

"Can you come pick me up? My roommate needs the car tonight and I'm the last person here who's going."

"Sure, no problem." Jared checks his watch. They'll hardly even be late.

"I'll be at the service center."

"Okay, I'll pick you up in twenty."

"Thanks," says Jensen, and Jared can almost hear the smile. "I owe you one."

"Dude, I was going that way anyway. It's a five-minute detour." Jared starts his truck and rolls the windows down. "See you in a few minutes." He snaps his phone shut and puts it back in his pocket.

When they get to Pizza Hut, they can see the group sitting at a cluster of tables by the back windows. They walk inside and are greeted with a chorus of shouts. Their coworkers are sitting at four tables pushed together into one long line. The only seats left are right next to each other. Jensen grins at him and takes the seat next to Gabe, forcing Jared to sit next to Dustin. He notices that Katie is sitting at the very end of the table as far away from Dustin as she can possibly get so he can't molest her and she can't strangle him.

Alona and one of the other interns--Jared never caught her name--take notes on what pizza topping and soda preferences everyone has and write down the order for the poor waitresses who are stuck with their table all night. As the waitresses go off to collect the four pitchers of soda that were ordered, Alona stands up.

"All right, listen up!" she yells. "We have a bunch of newbies with us tonight, so this is a good time to go over the ground rules." Jared's eyebrows climb to his hairline. Ground rules? He's insulted at first, until he realizes that he's surrounded by minors and ground rules actually aren't a bad idea. "First: everyone must do at least one sugar shot. Anyone who refuses to do a sugar shot has to chug a whole suicide. Second: no throwing food, napkins, straws, or silverware. Third: if you want to do caterpillar races, save at least one napkin to clean up. And fourth: try to keep it to a dull roar. We're not the only people here." She grins and curtseys. "As you were."

Dustin turns to Chad, the green tag from the cafe. "What are sugar shots?"

"We have a question!" calls Chad, pointing to Dustin. "This young man wants to know what sugar shots are."

A.J. and Travis, the oldest white tags in Foods, exchange mischievous grins and jump up. "Let us demonstrate." A.J. grabs two sugar packets from the table and hands one to Travis. "First, you pinch the top of the wrapper like so."

"Then, you remove the top of the wrapper," continues Travis, ripping the packet open. A.J. does the same with his.

"And now, step three." The boys "clink" sugar packets in a mock toast and then proceed to drink the contents like a shot.

Dustin and Tristan break into huge grins and lunge for the bowl of sugar packets, but Chad snatches it up before they get to it. "Patience, grasshoppers. All in good time."

Jared turns to talk to Jensen, but out of the corner of his eye he sees someone walk up to them. He looks up to see Sandy leaning on the table between them. She's wearing a striped polo shirt with all but one button undone and he gets a real good look at her cleavage. He forces his eyes upwards. "Hey, Sandy."

"You made it!" she says, straightening up. "I'm so glad. I thought you weren't coming."

"No, just had to make a slight detour," replies Jared. "Sorry I haven't seen you around, it's been so crazy this weekend that I've been taking my fifteens in the office."

"I figured it was something like that." She whispers in his ear. "I missed you. A lot."

Jared swallows hard. He's saved by the arrival of the waitresses, who starts handing out glasses and straws. Sandy slinks off back to her end of the table.

Jared reaches for the pitcher of Mountain Dew and catches a glimpse of Jensen out of the corner of his eye. Jensen's eyes are dark and his jaw is clenched tight. Jared pours himself a glass of soda and leans over. "What's wrong?" he says, low enough for only Jensen to hear.

"Nothing," Jensen answers.

Someone starts tapping a spoon on a glass and soon half the table has joined in. "All right!" shouts Alona. "Pass the sugar." The sugar bowls circulate around the table. Once everyone is in possession of at least one sugar packet, Alona holds up a hand. "Three, two, one, go!"

Jared eagerly swallows the sugar, chasing it with Mountain Dew. He hears Jensen laugh and looks over. Jensen shakes his head. "You're as bad as the kids."

Throughout the course of the night, Jared drinks six glasses of Mountain Dew and does four more sugar shots. He and Gabe are talking a mile a minute about their worst bosses when the waitresses come to inform them that they will be closing in half an hour and they'd appreciate it if the group could leave so they can start cleaning up. Alona calculates how much each person owes and they all pay up, then one by one they drift out to the parking lot.

"So I guess I'm driving you home," Jared says to Jensen as they walk to Jared's truck. "But I don't know where you live and I hope it's not too far because I don't have very much gas in my truck and I don't like the gas at Sheetz so I try not to get it if I don't have to so it would be good if you live in Palmyra or Campbelltown or--" Jared is abruptly cut off when Jensen grabs him by the shoulders and kisses him.

Jared freezes for a second, then relaxes into the kiss. He feels Jensen's tongue tentatively brush the tip of his and smiles, returning the hesitant touch with a stronger one. When Jensen pulls away, parting their lips with a soft snick, Jared wraps his arms around Jensen and brings their lips back together. This time Jared takes the initiative, boldly deepening the kiss by thrusting his tongue into Jensen's mouth. Jensen moans a little and tangles his fingers in Jared's hair. After they finally break apart, Jensen grins. "You have no idea how long I've wanted to do that."

Jared struggles to come up with a response, but his brain has effectively deserted him. All he manages to say is, "Wow."

Jensen laughs softly. "That good, huh?"

"Does this mean we're--like--a thing?"

"Was that even English?" Jensen teases. "I like you, Jared." He takes a step closer. "I really like you."

"I like you too," whispers Jared. "But I'm not--I mean, I've never... done this before."

"We can take it slow," says Jensen. He smiles. "I won't even invite you into my apartment when you drop me off."

Jared had completely forgotten about that. He motions to his truck, now the only vehicle left in the lot. "We should probably get going."

Jensen nods. "Yeah, you're right." They climb into the truck and Jensen gives him the address of his apartment. Luckily, it's right in town and Jared knows where it is.

"Would it be totally dorky for me to walk you to your door?" asks Jared as he parks outside the apartment.

"Yes," replies Jensen, but he's smiling. "But you can do it anyway."

It's not far to the door and Jared wishes that the walk could last longer because he really doesn't want the night to be over. Jensen seems to feel the same way, because he stops in front of the door and sighs. "You working tomorrow?"

"One to eight," Jared answers. "You?"

"Eight-thirty to three, and I have the twelve-thirty encounter." Jensen frowns. "I probably won't even see you."

"That sucks," says Jared. "What are you doing tomorrow night?"

"My roommate wants me to go to a party with him." Jared smiles hopefully, but before he can say anything Jensen adds, "It's at a bar. They card at the door."

"Oh." Jared's shoulders slump. "What days are you off?"

"Wednesday and Thursday."

Jared brightens. "I'm off Wednesday, too! Here, give me your phone." Jensen does, and Jared puts his number into Jensen's phone. "Call me and we'll hang out."

Jensen grins. "Can't wait." He moves to take his phone from Jared's hand, but instead grabs Jared's wrist and pulls him in for a kiss. Jared isn't sure how long they stand there, but eventually the light above their heads bursts into life and the door opens.

"Please tell me he's not jailbait."

Jared looks up to see a burly guy with shoulder-length hair scowling in the doorway. He jumps back from Jensen, nearly dropping Jensen's phone. "He's eighteen," replies Jensen.

"Good." The door slams shut.

Jensen takes his phone. "Don't mind Chris. His bark is worse than his bite." He gestures at the door. "I guess I should--"

"Yeah." Jared takes a step back. "Call me."

Jensen grins. "I will. Drive safe."

"Always," Jared promises. He takes another step back, off the stoop, but doesn't take his eyes off Jensen. Jensen pushes open the door and steps inside, smiling at Jared as he closes it.

Jared doesn't remember a thing about the drive home.

Wednesday morning Jared opens his curtains to find a layer of fog so thick he can barely see his truck parked on the street. He pulls up the weather forecast and learns that it's supposed to rain all day. Great. If it's going to be this crappy, he might as well be at work.

When Jensen calls him at one, there's a light but steady rain pounding the windows. "This weather sucks," he says.

"Yeah, tell me about it," replies Jared. "Guess we'll have to find something to do indoors."

"I can think of a few things," Jensen says in a seductively low voice.

Jared laughs. "Maybe later, okay? I was thinking we could go to Chocolate World."

"What is that?" asks Jensen, sounding a little dismayed.

"It's the visitor's center for the chocolate factory," answers Jared. "They have a simulated factory ride and a trolley tour of the town. Since you're spending the whole summer here, you might as well learn a little about the town."

Jensen chuckles. "So, you're trying to disguise a date as an educational trip? Your geekery knows no bounds, Jay."

Jared breaks into a huge grin at the nickname. "Admit it--you love my geekery."

"I do," says Jensen with a theatrical sigh. "I shudder to think what that says about me."

"Oh, shut up," replies Jared, but he's still smiling. "When should I pick you up?"

"Whenever you want, I'm good to go."

"I can be there in twenty minutes."

"I'll be counting the seconds," says Jensen in a high, girly voice. "One thousand one, one thousand two, one thousand three..."

"I'm hanging up now," Jared informs him. "This is me hanging up on you." He snaps his phone shut and heads out the door.

Jensen's apartment doesn't have a bell or buzzer, so Jared has to pound on the door. A few seconds later, Jensen opens it and Jared breathes a small sigh of relief that he isn't Chris. "Hey."

"Hey yourself." Jensen smiles and leans against the doorframe and it's all Jared can do not to just jump him. He settles for grabbing him by the collar, yanking him over the threshold and kissing him like there's no tomorrow.

Jensen pulls away after not nearly enough time. "Are you trying to kill me?"

"No, I'm trying to kiss you," Jared replies, eyes wide in feigned innocence.

Jensen shakes his head. "You keep doing that and we're gonna get arrested for public indecency."

"Oh, fine," sighs Jared. He gives Jensen a peck on the cheek and steps back. "Come on, let's go."

"I have a better idea," says Jensen. "How about you come inside, we watch a couple of movies and I thoroughly corrupt your poor, up-till-now-heterosexual mind?"

Jared laughs. "Don't get me wrong, I think it's a fantastic idea, but shouldn't we at least attempt a real date before we jump into bed together?"

"We've already had two dates," replies Jensen. "The Park and Pizza Hut."

"Neither of those were actual dates," Jared points out.

"But if we count them as dates, then you can get your ass in here without coming off as easier than a cheerleader on prom night."

Jared grins. "I can accept that."

Jensen steps aside and Jared walks into the apartment and takes a seat on the battered plaid couch. "Did the furniture come with the apartment?" asks Jared

"Yeah." Jensen motions at a wire shelf of DVDs. "Pick whatever movie you want. We couldn't bring too many, so it's mostly ones Chris and I agree on." Jared picks out a Kevin Smith movie he hasn't seen yet and hands it to Jensen. "You want something to drink? There's soda in the fridge, help yourself."

Jared opens the avocado-green fridge and gapes at the bottom shelf, which is nothing but cans and bottles of beer. "Jesus, how much beer do you guys drink?"

"Some of Chris's work friends had a party and they gave us the extras," Jensen calls back. "That'll probably last us the whole summer."

Jared grabs a can of soda and sits down next to Jensen on the couch. Halfway through the movie, Jensen actually resorts to the old yawn-and-stretch trick to put his arm around Jared's shoulders. Jared snickers. "I can't believe you just did that."

"Hey, it's a classic move for a reason," replies Jensen. "It's tried and true."

"And which one of us is the geek, again?" Jared teases.

"Shut up."

"You shut me up," counters Jared. Jensen grins and moves in for the kiss. Jared waits a few seconds for Jensen to get distracted, then pounces on him and forces him down on his back, all without breaking the kiss. He feels Jensen smile before he draws back.

"This couch sucks. Let's go to my room."

"Lead the way," replies Jared, grinning. Jensen takes his hand and pulls him down a short hallway to a dark room.

Jensen flips a switch and the room is bathed in the subtle glow of colored porch lights. "I swear, it came like this."

"I like it," says Jared.

Jensen smiles. "Cool." He lightly tugs Jared's arm and guides him to the bed.

Jared perches on the end of the bed. "Just so you know, I've never--I don't--"

"Don't worry about it," murmurs Jensen. "You don't have to do anything you don't want to do."

"No, I want to." Jared fidgets. "I just don't really... know how."

Jensen smiles softly. "You'll figure it out." He traces Jared's jawline with one finger. "Just relax." He grasps the back of Jared's neck and pulls him close. "Do you trust me?" he whispers, his lips brushing over Jared's.

"Of course," Jared whispers back.

"Good." Jensen presses his lips to Jared's and slowly rearranges their positions so that Jared's head rests on the pillow. Kissing Jensen is different than kissing a girl for more than just the obvious reasons. Jensen is confident and sure, thrusting his tongue past Jared's lips and exploring every inch of Jared's mouth like he expects some kind of quiz later. Jensen's hands on his body are gentle but strong and slightly rough from the physical demands of his job.

Jensen subtly nudges and tugs and before Jared knows what's happening, his shirt is pulled free and tossed onto the floor. Jensen flutters light kisses down Jared's neck to his collarbone and then to the swell of his chest. He takes one nipple between his lips and teases it into hardness, then bites sharply with no warning at all. Jared gasps and Jensen backs off, grinning wickedly. As he flicks his tongue over the sensitive bud, he unfastens Jared's shorts and slowly removes those as well.

"You're a little overdressed, aren't you?" mutters Jared as Jensen kisses a trail across Jared's chest to the other nipple.

"All in good time," Jensen whispers. The hot air over his hypersensitized skin makes Jared's cock wake up and join the party. Jared grabs Jensen's hand and makes Jensen aware of the new development, then goes for the hem of Jensen's shirt. Jensen slips out of his shirt with such easy grace that Jared's nostrils flare with jealousy, which he channels into a bruising kiss-bite to Jensen's collarbone. Jensen lets out a low, sharp growl and it goes straight to Jared's cock. Jared pulls Jensen close and grinds their cocks together. Jensen growls again and moves away to shuck his shorts and open the drawer of the bedside table. He takes out a small bottle of lube and a wrapped condom. Jared's eyes widen. This is really happening. His heart is pounding a mile and minute and his stomach is fluttering wildly.

This is really happening.