The Fundraiser
by AllieNF

The Nude Fundraiser: Part 12- The Lunch Break

Jenna sat in the Drama room for a moment, the bell hadn’t rung yet. Helpless to stop the photo shoots happening on the stage, she was going to have to turn her purpose to revenge regarding that. She had a little other revenge to work on first.

Lauren had not yet responded to her messages. That was fine, Jenna knew Mr. Morris was a bit of a stickler regarding phones. He was one of the few teachers who had been able to have an effect on the students, even when they got their parents involved. Even Mr. Riley hadn’t been able to get to that level of success before he just gave up and let phone usage happen in the room.

Lauren was most likely trapped for a few more minutes, so it was time to see what other messages she had.

McGuffin, the principal had responded. His text read “Done.” …which taken with the next message, a group message from Mrs. Baxter, the cheerleading coach, regarding the uniform for the pep rally, made perfect sense.

“Girls, Late notice, But McGuffin thinks it’s a good idea if we do the pep rally in bras and panties, socks and shoes. I disagreed, but he said we needed to rise to the Drama Club’s level of commitment,” Was Baxter’s first response.

Some of the girls chimed in. None of them seemed happy about.

“Not ready for that, coach. I didn’t prep.” Messaged Kate, one of the cheer captains.

“Bet this came from the mind of Principal McSkeevy.” Was Julia’s response, a junior and most likely next year’s cheer captain. These names were all in Lauren’s phone, so Jenna could put face to words.

Another text message from Kate, just to Lauren… “We still getting Jenkins?”

That made Jenna nervous, but she couldn’t say no. Lauren and Kate would talk before the pep rally. So, at least to a certain level, she had to make it sound like the plan was still on.

“Yeah. Got any ideas on getting her in the dumpster after lunch?” Jenna texted back for Lauren.

The bell rang as the response came in. “I know some boys in her gym class.”

“Good” was the fake Lauren’s response.

Jenna put the phone away and waited in the drama room. Carly would come here first, and Jenna would catch her. They would go eat lunch…and then Jenna would let Carly come back here to be debased…at least then she would be forewarned.

While waiting for Carly, Jenna saw someone unexpected…though she shouldn’t have been that unexpected. Sarah was part of the Drama Club and Jenna already knew she was going to participate. It should not have been a surprise to see her pop into the drama room.
She waved Sarah down and when the Freshman got close, “what lunch are you, Sarah?” she asked.

“A lunch, like you.” The little blonde responded.

“Oh, you’ve been watching me?” Jenna laughed.

“Only a little. One of my friends knew you were in theater. I just hadn’t gotten up the courage to talk to ask to sit with you yet.”

Jenna was actually a little touched by that. It’s part of being a senior that she hadn’t really thought about, being a leader and role model. It’s something that was becoming more and more clear to her today…and knowing that the younger classes wanted to know her, it made her feel warm.

“You can sit with me today, Sarah…but we’re not eating in the cafeteria.” Jenna told her.

Carly walked in at that moment and seeing Jenna moved straight towards her.

“Hey Jenna, What’s all this about?” The other senior asked.

“I’ll tell you both about it over lunch, and then you can come back here. C’mon.” Jenna grabbed their arms and ushered them out the door before Mr. Elba saw them.

***

Getting their lunch from the cafeteria was mostly painless. A few catcalls from some of the boys. Several people shouting “take it off” to both Jenna and Sarah. One table began chanting that, but was quashed by a lunch room monitor.

The trio snuck out of the cafeteria as soon as they could and made for Mrs. Apgar’s room.

Mrs. Apgar had bee Jenna and Carly’s homeroom teacher for all 4 of their years at Kentucky Central. She’d always been a safe haven if they needed it for lunch …and she didn’t have a competing class. They tried not to overdo it with her hospitality, but today felt like the perfect time for the first in class lunch.

The teacher waved them in. The appearance of the Freshman made her curious for a second, but Mrs. Apgar trusted Jenna enough to trust the friends she brought in. She got up and closed the door once the girls had entered, so no one else came in. She even closed the blind over the door, so no one could look in.

“Naked lunch?” Mrs. Apgar asked with a laugh.

“No…not really.” Jenna said… “But, also kind of…”

All three listeners were confused. The girls settled in at one of the tables in the back and Mrs. Apgar stood nearby.

“Mr. Elba is having pictures taken of all the Drama Club kids who are going to participate in the fundraiser. …for the website. …naked pictures.” Jenna laid out the scenario. “I was opposed to it, but he over-ruled it. We made it so they were supposed to be teasing pictures, with no actual nudity, but the photography class isn’t having it. They are taking so many pictures. I don’t even know how many… and they, the models…the kids, in the club…they have no idea that they’re showing everything. …or they do and the images are dirty and, a little pornographic!”

The other two girls stopped eating, and turned staring at Jenna. Mrs. Apgar made an audible gasp.

“That rotten…” Mrs. Apgar started, but Jenna stopped her.

“The thing is, you will have to do it…and I just wanted to prepare you for it.” Jenna’s head sank. “I saw it happening to other kids in the drama class last period. They weren’t comfortable and the photographers were being so awful…but I couldn’t stop them. I was humiliated. I tried not to show everything…but I lost. I know they have images of all of me… and I didn’t give them permission for that.”

Carly reached her hand out and took Jenna’s hand. Mrs. Apgar came to her shoulder and grasped them tenderly.

“I’m so sorry for all of you. Truly.” Their teacher said. “Even you, blondie.”

With that she reached over and tussled Sarah’s hair, making a round of awkward giggles.

Jenna continued. “I at least got him to agree to one article of clothing or something. But that didn’t help much. I chose my socks which was stupid.”
Carly laughed, “but on point for you, babe.”

“One article of clothing?” Mrs. Apgar cautiously ventured.

“Yeah,” said Jenna. “I’m not sure why I thought it would help… but I thought it would. It didn’t really.”

Mrs. Apgar moved away from the table towards a closet in the back of her science room, “That’s because you didn’t have access to the right one article of clothing.”

She opened the closet and pulled out some white lab coats. All three girls looked on in pleasantly bemused surprise.

“That’s a…well, it’s a plan.” Jenna said as her teacher approached the table with the lab coats.

Carly spoke up, after taking another bite of her lunch. “I… I don’t really need it.”

“That’s right,” responded her contemporary. “You were saying after homeroom in the hallway about… being topless a lot.”
Sarah looked on a little confused, taking a sip from her milk.

“Do you…are you still willing to talk about it, Carly?” continued Jenna.

Carly nodded an affirmative, and Mrs. Apgar pulled a chair up at the table.

“It’s not a bad story, okay?... but it’s weird. I guess.”

Jenna reached out and put her hand on Carly’s to comfort her. “It’s okay. Whatever it is, we’ll listen. No judgement.”

Carly took a breath and continued. “My brother wanted to go to a nudist beach for his 21st birthday. …and mom decided, since it would be a big trip that we’d all go together. I was 16 then, so it was a little weird, I guess… but the three of us packed for a weekend and we went to a place in South Carolina. I was nervous at first…but I did it. I spent the whole day at the beach without any clothes at all. By the time we went back to the hotel, it just felt…normal. Not just for me, but for all of us. Mom and Brian too. We stayed an extra day and went to the beach again…and when we finally came back home…mom pulled over about a half hour in the trip, and we all got naked… We rode home from South Carolina in the car completely naked, all three of us. …and then we started doing it at the house, most of the time. Brian went back to college, but mom and me, we still do it. We…like don’t do it when there’s company coming or stuff. And when I’m on my period, I don’t do it then either. But… I guess, at home I’m naked. A lot.”

The group had listened intently to every word and their eyes met Carly’s with what passed for love and support between a friend, an acquaintance and a beloved teacher. No one judge her words or her actions. Carly could feel that and it brought her a sense of relief.

Jenna spoke first. “So, this morning…you said…”

“I said… I said stuff because I wasn’t ready to talk about it. I’m sorry.” Carly’s apologetic tone and demeanor as she said those words made Jenna come to terms with the fact that it didn’t matter.

Jenna squeezed Carly’s hand. “We are golden.”

Looking up at her friend, Carly took another breath. “So, basically. I got no problem with dropping my clothes.”

The group laughed at her sudden ease.

Jenna pointed at Sarah. “She doesn’t either.”

The teacher and Carly looked over at Sarah, who’s posture had become a little defensive.

“I do.” Sarah said. “Kind of…. I guess.”

“It’s true. She does have a problem…kind of.” Jenna half-heartedly agreed. “We talked about it this morning in McGuffin’s office. She’s very nervous about it she wasn’t sure she’s going to do the fundraiser. Has that changed Sarah?”

Sarah nodded. “I am brave. I guess. Like you said, Jenna. I can do this…but, yeah, I’m nervous.”

“So, a lab coat for your definitely.” Mrs. Apgar said, offering a coat to the freshman.

“I’ll take one too,” chimed Carly, reaching her hand out for a lab coat. She looked at Sarah with a strong supportive smile. “Solidarity.”

“Okay then.” Replied the teacher handing over the second one. “The only thing I ask is that, you change into them here.”

Eyes widened at this turn of events. Jenna coughed on her last French fry.

“Call it a rental fee,” Mrs. Apgar offered, but this didn’t win them over. “It’s my ticket to today’s show.”

Jenna shrugged, leaving it up to the other two girls.

“What do you say, Sarah?” The senior asked the girl she’d known for only 15-20 minutes.

“I will if you will,” Sarah responded, to which Carly gave a nod-the universal gesture for “okay, let’s get naked.”

The two girls stood up from the table and started to undress.

Mrs. Apgar’s eyes were drawn to Carly, a student she’d known for several years. Long brunette hair with half dollar eyes and a dimpled smile that could make any one melt. Carly removed her long sleeve t-shirt first revealing what seemed to be nice round C-cup breasts with pink areolas and infinitely suck-able nipples. The crocs on her feet came off easy and the socks followed. As Carly bent down to remove them, her breasts swung gently mesmerizing the science teacher. The student stood up once more hitching her thumb inside the waist of her panties and leggings and slid them both down, her upper body staying straight on in the site of her observer as her lower half did a bend a swish. Standing up finally revealed a sweetly trimmed patch of pubic hair and a body with no tan lines. The final move for the senior girl was to step out of the pile of clothes and stand fully nude before her elder.

Jenna watched her classmate with as much attention as she could, but her eyes were drawn to tiny pixie cut blonde who had become her friend. Unlike Carly who was going top to bottom, Sarah had chosen the opposite direction. Her shoes came off first and then she used her feet to awkwardly pull off her white socks. Jenna remembered the pale skin from the principal’s office and as Sarah pulled down her own leggings revealing her pantie-less coin-slot pussy again, she could not be happier. Seeing it twice in one day would be a joy to any who had that pleasure. Finally, Sarah’s top was removed revealing her tiny a-cup breasts for which she did not wear a bra.

The two girls had shed each and every piece of clothing they had worn on their young bodies under the watchful of eye of their friend and their teacher. …and then they reached for their borrowed lab coats.

They put their clothes in their bags.

“Well, we’re off to the drama room.” Carly said putting her hand on Sarah’s shoulder. “I’ll keep an eye out for this one.”

“You better!” Exclaimed Jenna. “She’s important to me.”

“Will you take care of our trays?” Sarah asked.

“Absolutely.” Nodded Jenna.

The two girls headed for the classroom door, in just their white lab coats. Their bare feet slapping on the floor. The coats themselves covered a lot,
but were still a little open around the waist… not perfect fits in either case, but they would serve their purpose and keep the girls mostly covered for their photo-shoots.

Jenna turned to Mrs. Apgar when the two were gone, and asked “So, what’s up with you? ...promising to donate, wanting to see them strip?”

The teacher laughed. “Can you keep a secret?”

“Up to a point…” was the student’s practical response.

“I can accept that.” Mrs. Apgar stated. “You see, I’m…not entirely straight. My husband doesn’t know.”

The lightbulb really came on for Jenna here. She had suspected…since maybe last year, but she didn’t really dabble in the rumor mill about teachers. “Ah. Okay.”

“And, I don’t…like have a thing for students. Really… but put me in a position where I can see them naked with little or no consequence, I’m going to take that opportunity to see them naked.” Jenna’s teacher explained. “And, I don’t know who wouldn’t really take that opportunity.”

Jenna thought about it and then began collecting up the lunch trash. “I can accept that.” Her words echoing those of her teacher.

The two smiled at each other for a moment, and then Jenna completed her tasks just in time for the bell.

As the bell rang, so too did Lauren’s phone.

Jenna was quick to check the message.

“Meet me in the cafeteria and we’ll exchange phones.”

Jenna felt this had to be a trap. She hadn’t heard from Lauren in 2 periods almost. That was plenty of time to come up with a plan. Plus, going to the cafeteria would certainly make her late for Gym, while Lauren couldn’t be late for lunch.

“No,” Jenna typed her response. “Meet me at the gym.”

The response Jenna got from that message was heart breaking. It was a screen shot from Jenna’s phone with a message from her mom saying “Jenna, what’s this about?” Jenna could see at the top of the screen shot that her mother’s reply was in reference to a picture that was sent…but she couldn’t tell what the picture was. She could only assume.

“No, slut. Cafeteria.” Lauren sent from Jenna’s phone.

“Fine” Jenna replied from Lauren’s phone. Then she grabbed her bag and headed for the door to Mrs. Apgar’s classroom.

Mrs. Apgar was a good teacher. She understood her students. She wasn’t old, but she wasn’t young. She’d been a teacher for a while. She knew her students.

“Jenna,” The teacher began. “I’d be a complete idiot if I didn’t know something was going on today. From the looks of it, something bad. You don’t look happy, but I don’t know the details… What I do know is that is not your phone. …So, let me offer you this advice. Whatever you’ve done on that phone…erase it.”

Jenna looked a little shocked, but understood.

“And… if you want to create some kind of damage or retribution. Try to get the sim card out before you return it. It’ll cause other problems, but whoever’s phone it is most likely isn’t going to check the moment you give it back… so you’ll have time to get away.”

Jenna’s eyes widened at the thought.

“And…I don’t know. Maybe change the pass code too.”

Jenna nodded. “Those are all good ideas.”

Students for Mrs. Apgar’s next class started to funnel in.

“Go.” The teacher implored.

“Thank You.” Jenna said and then she left the classroom with new ideas, but very little time.

A ‘stop at the bathroom’ before getting to the cafeteria wouldn’t make Lauren happy, but it was excusable and ordinary enough not to raise too many red flags. Jenna was already prepared for the fact that she was going to get her third late slip. What would another three minutes mean to the Attendance office? The detention doesn’t get worse the later she was. So, if she’s going to be late and get detention anyway, make it mean something, she thought to herself.

Jenna moved purposefully down the hallway, towards the bathroom while typing one last message on Lauren’s phone.


The Nude Fundraiser: Part 13- The Exchange

Erasing all of Lauren’s text messages wasn’t that difficult. Particularly given that Jenna was more than certain the same was going to be done to her phone. Removing the sim card was a little harder, but she was able to do it. Jenna thought about throwing it into the toilet and flushing it, but decided against it. She put it deep in her bag and then changed the passcode.

She took a que from Jacob, a little pneumonic device to remember. “You Are So Screwed Lauren Slut” was a great way to remember 332764. It shouldn’t have been so easy to come up with that so quickly, but Jenna’s evil side was on high alert.

She emerged from the bathroom and headed for the cafeteria. She was already late for class, but it was gym. She didn’t want to be there today anyway, since that might mean a trip into the dumpster. Jenna had already come to terms with the fact that at the very least she would be late for gym, which meant her third tardy slip of the day…which meant detention. She was okay with all of that. …she was okay with all of that because she needed her phone back.

Finding Lauren in the cafeteria was easy, since the redheaded cheerleader was waiting for Jenna.

Jenna spoke first, holding out Lauren’s phone, and thinking she had the upper hand. “Are we going to do this like civilized people?”

Lauren laughed. “No slut. I’m going to do this like the controlling bitch I am.”

Jenna was taken aback. Why? Every time she thought she had the upper hand Lauren always proved her wrong. Why did she think this would be different? “What do I need to do?”

With a wicked smile Lauren instructed, “Drop your skirt and hold it in your hand until you have your phone back.”

“No.” Jenna blurted. She didn’t even need to think about it.

“Okay,” Lauren replied, “I’ll just send this then…” and held out Jenna’s phone for her to see.

Jenna looked at the screen. It was a message prepped to send to her dad…it was the picture of Jacob’s hands taking down her skirt.

“No. NO!” Jenna shouted, a little too loud for her tastes since the last thing she wanted was attention. “I’ll do it.”

In a smooth gesture, Jenna pushed her skirt down, stepped out of it and picked it up. Her shirt didn’t cover it all, but enough that most people glancing may not know.

“Good slut.” Lauren said as she actually moved to present Jenna’s phone back to its’ owner.

Jenna did the same, wanting this over quickly.

As Lauren took her phone from Jenna, and Jenna got her hands around her own phone for the first time in over 2 hours, Lauren hollered “whoops” and let her thumb hit the send button on Jenna’s phone.

Jenna yanked it quickly from her. Sending Lauren flailing sideways.

Taking a few steps back from Lauren, Jenna tried desperately to unsend the message. She thought she did it, but wasn’t quite positive. Only time would tell.

She turned quickly and walked towards the door of the cafeteria, her skirt still in her hand. Jenna looked back to see if Lauren was following her…and then she looked around to see who was looking or if any others were coming near.

It hadn’t dawned on her at first, but while she had planned for the dumpster event to happen in the gym…Lauren’s plans might be different. She scanned the room for threats as she crouched down to get her skirt on in an outcropping of brick near the airwall.

With her bottom half covered, or as much as it would be covered during this particular school day, Jenna left the cafeteria and started checking her phone. At least she knew her sim card was still intact, since Lauren had just sent a message.

Sadly, Jenna discovered she was right. All her text messages had been deleted. She wouldn’t know the damage done for a while. She started checking her social media accounts to see if anything had been posted that shouldn’t have. She checked her email, nothing new had been sent. She checked her pictures and nothing had been deleted there…and Lauren had saved both the image of Jacob naked in the drama room, and the one where he helped Jenna with her skirt. At least Jenna still had access to those.

She wasn’t ready to breathe a sigh of relief, because without the messages there were too many unknowns… but for now, Jenna was clothed as she had intended, except for one button; she had her own phone again; and she was about to be in the one of the few places in the school she felt comfortable in today, the attendance office.

The whole walk there, Jenna continued to look over her shoulder waiting for Lauren to come strike after finding her phone had been ‘bricked.’… but she made it without a screaming redhead storming down the hallway out for blood.

Or, maybe Jenna was looking in the wrong place. Lauren may have assumed Jenna would go to gym first and not the attendance office. Perhaps Coach Weir would have let her slip on being late, but Jenna felt safer not being there. …especially now if Lauren might be there too.

As she walked into the warmth, comfort and safety of the Attendance Office, she was surprised to see Ms. Carol was not there. Mr. McGuffin was behind her desk.

“Oh, you’re not who I thought was going to be there…” Jenna said without much thought.

“Ms. Carol is on lunch and no one else was available…so you get me, Captain Panties.” He finished with a laugh. “What can I do for you Ms. Jenkins?”

“It’s nice to see you’re not holding a grudge.” Jenna nervously responded.

“Who says I’m not? I’ve just got a good humor while I plot my revenge.” A smirk appeared as her principal said that.

Knowing that he was already plotting his revenge, with Lauren…and the revenge was schedule for the pep rally this afternoon…Jenna decided to just move forward and let all of that slide. “I’m late for gym class with Coach Weir.”

McGuffin scanned the books… “Oh dear, Ms. Jenkins. This is your third tardy today. Looks like you’ve won yourself a spot of detention.”

“I guess I have. Just having a bad day, I guess.” Jenna knew trying to play it coy in any form was probably a bad idea. He was not likely to be lenient.

“Well, since it looks like you’ll be having another good day on Monday, let’s schedule your detention then.” Mr. McGuffin said with a smile.

She wished she could say no. She didn’t need to spend another hour or so at school naked. Plus, that would probably be without other Drama Club kids, so she’d be the only one naked in the room. This was not a good turn of events.

“Can I take it today?” Jenna asked.

“Oh, I’m afraid not. We’re going to cancel all the detentions today because of the pep rally and the game tonight. They’ll all be moved to Monday as well.” His grin and tone were obviously those of a man who knew exactly what he was doing.

Great, Jenna thought. Just what she needed more people in detention. If it were Ms. Carol here, she could move hers to Tuesday or later, she knew it. Once again, trapped by circumstances today.

“Fine,” she begrudgingly accepted.

“Of course…” Mr. McGuffin trailed off…

Jenna thought she maybe knew what he was getting at. What he had wanted earlier was a student naked in his office. That started to feel like a small price to pay to get out of detention or at the very least naked detention during the fundraiser.

“Okay,” she said. “I’ll make a deal with you.”

“I’m listening,” was his smarmy reply.

“I’ll spend the rest of this period naked in your office if you’ll cancel my detention.” She felt comfortable in the offer, more comfortable than she expected. Why not? His office is a closed environment. It gets her out of gym. It gets her out of detention… It’s not like he won’t see her naked on Monday anyway. Felt like a good deal.

“But I won’t be in my office. I’ll be here.” He countered.

Jenna thought, no one else is here now. It was late enough most tardy slips have been out. Yes…students can look in, but if she could sit with her back to the windows and doors… she could make it work.

“Okay,” she said. “I’ll do it here.”

Mr. McGuffin glowed for a moment. “Fine, …but, I don’t think that’s enough to get you out of detention completely. I can reschedule it… for Tuesday.”

“Well, if it’s only going to be rescheduled, then I’ll only take off my top.” Jenna asserted some dominance. It had worked before but she had no leg to stand on now. She had initiated the deal.

“Hmm,” McGuffin thought, “I guess for both I could cancel the detention altogether… but…you’ll have to sit facing the door.”

Jenna shrank. Could she make that work? She wasn’t sure. With just under 30 minutes left in class, it could feel like a long time…and if he pulled some crap like calling people to his office or this one…

“No. No deal.” Jenna answered. “I’ll take the detention.”

“Are you sure?” the administrator asked through obvious disappointment.

“Yes. Positive…” Jenna replied…and continued trying to hold back a grin. “I’m saying no for your benefit of course.”

“How so?” he queried, legitimately confused.

“Well, if I were so visible and people saw me…and saw you there, they’d probably start to think you were creepy or a…well, you know.” Jenna started spinning her web. “And, well, I know for a fact that at least one cheerleader already calls you McSkeevy.”

“Wait! What? Who?” His offensive guiding him into her trap.

“I…don’t know if I should say…” Jenna went back to her coy innocent ploy from a few moments ago. “I heard her say it in my history class.”

That would be just enough information to implicate Lauren. Jenna knew that. She had no idea this was something she could do…but she was doing it.

“I see,” McGuffin said. “a senior, right?”

Jenna nodded. Saying more may give it away.

Ms. Carol came into the office with the last remnant of her lunch, a cup of whatever it was she was drinking and a bag of chips. To Jenna, she wasn’t just the Attendance Clerk returning from lunch, but her calvary and salvation.

“You can head back to your office now, Mike, I can handle things here.” Ms. Carol said to her boss, not realizing it was Jenna in the room.

He rose from the chair as she settled in.

“Good. Good, I’ve got something to look up.” He looked right at Jenna, “Thank you Ms. Jenkins. I’ll see you later…and on Monday, for detention.” And then left the room.

“Jenna, again?” Ms. Carol finally seeing the student.

“It’s a long story.”

“Is Monday good for detention for you? ...I mean, with everything else going on that day?” The clerk asked the student.

“Not really. Tuesday would be better.” Jenna replied smiling.

“Fine, I can make that happen.” Ms. Carol finished the slip for this class and also the detention notice, handing them to Jenna.

“Actually, Ms. Carol…” she looked down as she inquired, “Can I just stay here until the end of this class?”

“Why?”

“Some of the kids have threatened to throw me in a dumpster during gym.” Jenna admitted looking up to the clerk.

“Oh god, yes! Stay here all day if you want…” Ms. Carol emphatically replied.

“Thanks.” Jenna said appreciatively, “I don’t think all day will be necessary. I have Mrs. Apgar next…and then the pep rally.”

…And while there were still questions in Jenna’s mind about how the pep rally would really go. She felt the tables had turned some and didn’t want to miss it for the world.


