Story: Sally's Strap-On School

Word of mouth gets around quickly, and Sally counts on that.  Once 
every two months, she holds a workshop for women who want to learn 
how to give their boyfriends or husbands a strap-on experience.  She 
conducts workshop in a vacant warehouse and charges a substantial 
fee.  The women who attend have greatly enjoyed the experience, and 
heartily recommend it to their close friends.

Let's take a fly-on-the-wall view of one of Sally's workshops.

Sally personally administered two enemas to each of eight males prior 
to the start of the workshop.  She herded seven of them to an 
adjoining area and slid a partition across the room so they would not 
yet be seen.  She arranged seating for the ladies and placed a new, 
unopened, strap-on harness with rectal probe for each of the 
attendees.

The eighth male stood, naked, against one wall.

The women attending the workshop began to arrive, and until they were 
all present, talked and giggled among themselves, feeling nervous 
about what was to take place, and about the lone naked male in the 
room.

Sally greeted each of them personally and asked them to be seated.

"All right, ladies," she said, taking charge, "Before you use a 
strap-on, the male must be clean back there.  You do this by giving 
him an enema!  I will demonstrate on this person who you obviously 
have noticed."

Sally demonstrated the preparation and administration of an enema, 
emphasizing that two must be given.  She further explained that the 
male she was demonstrating on had previously received two enemas.  
Some of the women were visibly aroused at the sight of the 
demonstration, particularly when the male, with his groaning and 
squirming, protested that he was full, and Sally admonished him that 
he must retain it for a full five minutes.

While he got rid of the enema and showered, Sally had the women take 
their strap-on out of the package and explained how to put on the 
harness.  She further explained the methods of lubrication.

"Now, I want everyone to disrobe completely and put on your harness 
with the strap-on.  I'm going to do the same, but I have to arrange 
for the hands-on part of the workshop.  I'll be back in a couple of 
minutes."

Sally and the lone male disappeared behind the sliding partition and 
arranged seven strap-on stations, as she called them, in a 
semicircle.  The waiting male recipients each bent over a padded 
table and she cinched a binding strap around their waists, ankles, 
and wrists.  Then she arranged smaller partitions between the 
stations so that they could not see the woman administering to them, 
and their faces could not be seen by the women or by each other.

The women exclaimed in unison when Sally slid the room dividing 
partition and they saw the group of males bent over and bound to the 
padded strap-on tables.  She smiled broadly and disrobed in front of 
everyone, after which she donned her own strap-on harness and probe.

"It's time for hands-on experience," she announced.  "Everyone pick a 
recipient - I'll demonstrate on this one." She went to the station in 
the center of the semicircle.

Sally snapped on a disposable glove and demonstrated the art of 
packing lubricant in the back way of the male, and told the ladies to 
go ahead and prep their recipients.  They busily inserted their lubed 
fingers and packed a generous amount in there.  Next, they smeared 
lubricant on their strap-on probes.

"Now," Sally instructed, "spread the guy's buns and put the probe up 
to the entrance - don't go in yet!"  She demonstrated while the 
ladies followed her motions.

"Go in about an inch or two and stop."

A chorus of groans from the bound males came forth as they were 
penetrated.  Sally instructed them to pump, going in a little further 
each time, until they were all the way in.  The sounds from the 
recipients increased in volume as the probes went in further and the 
ladies pumped.

"When you can go all the way in, stop for a minute, then pull out and 
lube him some more, and go back in."

A moment later multiple gasps filled the air as the ladies inserted 
the freshly lubed probes into their recipients.

"Now grasp his hips with your hands, and pump harder - get him used 
to accepting the probe."

"Uhhhh!" "Auuughh!" "Ohhh!"  "Oooooh!" "Unhhh!"

The sounds from the males served only to whet the appetites of the 
women administering their new-found dominance.  The sight of the 
several naked women each rhythmically pumping their hips and driving 
the rectal probes in and out was stimulating to Sally.

"Keep going," Sally panted as she pumped. "It's okay to get pleasure 
from what you're doing, and it's okay to climax - let yourselves go!"

The ladies pumped faster and harder.  The males' reactions were more 
noticeable.  A moment later one of the ladies gasped and draped 
herself over the man she was pumping.  She kicked her legs as she 
spasmodically jerked her hips in and out.  That started a tidal wave 
of orgasms from the others, and their sounds combined with the 
increasingly strident groans of the males.

A couple of minutes later it was all over, and Sally showed the 
ladies how to clean the probes.  The fee they paid included the 
strap-on they used that day.  About an hour later the last of them 
left the warehouse with a satisfied smile.

One by one, Sally released each male from his bindings and 
hand-jobbed him to a spurting climax and sent him away.


-----
This work is copyright by the author, and commercial use is 
prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story 
unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either 
directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and 
provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author 
(rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  Please see my other stories 
at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
