This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 15 - Pukwudgie  (MF, anal, cons, magic, nc, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

I was sitting on the couch when Demie got back. "Have a seat," I said, pointing.

Instead, she headed toward the volcano vape. "Need a hit first."

I got up and blocked her. "Nope...talk first." Then as her skin turned red and her horns came out, I realized that I may have made a tactical error. She looked into my eyes, her own blazing a terrible light. I gulped but held my ground.

After a few nerve-wracking seconds, she turned and sat down in my spot. She crossed her arms, waiting, her tail twitching like a cat. Cat...I was reminded of Selena, er, Princess, a cat in heat that had been transformed by the witch Kate into a wanton woman for me to fuck. The cat was missing too.

I sat down opposite Demie. Straight to it: "Have you been killing the women who I got pregnant?"

She took a moment, watching me. "Not all of them. Neighbor lady only got an abortion." She stuck out a long, tentacle-like tongue to punctuate her point.

I could feel the heat in my face rising. "But my coworker Carrie?" She nodded. "Princess?"

She looked confused, then..."Oh, the cat...yes, that too."

"Who else?"

"Mrs. Chesler."

I gasped. I didn't know Amy's mother had gotten pregnant when I had used my penis to distract her while Kate's spell put her consciousness into Amy Chesler's comatose body. But...

"WHY?"

She considered me. "I can't tell you." I was about to start yelling. "...BUT I can tell you that I'm all done. You impregnate anybody else, and it's your responsibility...and none of my business."

"You can't tell me?"

She shook her head, defiant. "I'm protecting my interests, as always. You may not trust me, but..." She sighed. "You know what? I'm out." She got up and headed to the door.

I got up, uncertain. "Out? What does that mean?"

"I'm...going...out." As she punctuated each word, her skin turned less red, her tail shrunk and her horns receded.

"When will you be back?"

"When I feel you might appreciate me again." She opened the door. "Oh, also, I have a friend that will be coming by for payment, and you need to give her what she asks for. You have enough of it." Then the door slammed behind her.

Then I realized that I still hadn't passed on Dianna's request for Demie to call her. I mentally kicked myself, since I hadn't seen Demie for a few days and it sounded like she'd be away for a while again. I opened the front door, but the demon was long gone.

I played video games, my typical Friday night, until I got tired and went to bed.

---

I woke to the feeling of soft hands stroking my cock to hardness.

"Urgh, Kate..." I began, lifting the sheets to uncover...

...not the witch, but a small woman with gray skin and a large fringe of dark hair. She paused masturbating me as I looked at her.

"Um...hello," I said tentatively, "Are you Demie's friend? She said you'd be by."

"Yeth," she said with an odd lisp. "Need themen." Then she returned to playing with my "Tommy Gun".

"Semen...oh, that makes sense," I said stupidly as I lay back. Demie had said that I had enough of what her friend was looking for.

I was only half-hard, so I took a closer look at this creature. Was it sexy? She was small, maybe half my height, and wore a ragged brown tunic, though I could make out some womanly curves. My cock got a little harder.

"Ah..." she murmured, and then shifted to squat down between my legs for a better angle. The bottom of her tunic slipped upward and I could see soft, human-looking upper thighs hinting at what may lie beyond, and as she moved her half-sized hands up and down my cock I could see her breasts bobbing up and down under the tunic as well. I could also now make out that she was kind of cute...sort of like Amy Roloff from Little People, Big World, but if she had pointed ears and a dark mane of thick hair going down her back.

Soon I was fully engorged. "Ooh..." she moaned. "You give themen thoon? Thith nithe cock."

I felt proud. My penis was above average for size, but how many human cocks had this little woman actually seen?

"Um, can I ask...what you are?"

She let go of my cock and pulled her tunic off, revealing a female form that looked as if you had squished a 5-foot woman down to 3. Definitely curvy, and small, attractive breasts jutted out from her chest. "Pukwudgie. Can I ride?" She clambered onto my lap, angling her hips so that my cock was pointing at her small hairy pussy.

Pukwudgie? I'd have to search that up later on the web. I nodded, and then she started to work on getting the head of my cock into her. After a bit of trying, I was going to suggest that she stop, but then she held her breath and pushed down hard. I felt the tip push into a very tight, wet hole.

"Yethhh..." she moaned. She kept angling her hips, and then another inch went in...then another. I couldn't believe it! It took another minute, but then I was buried all the way inside her. It was incredibly tight!

"Oh wow..." I groaned.

"Wow, yethhh," she replied, and then pulled forward. Her vaginal walls dragged along the skin of my cock shaft tantalizingly, before she pushed back down all the way.

"Urgh..." It felt incredible.

"AaaAHH..." she moaned. "You get me off, then you give me themen, okay?"

I nodded. Soon she was able to build up a rhythm, and her pussy loosened up a bit so it wasn't excruciatingly pleasurable. She started grunting and I realized that she was going to cum soon. But so was I.

"Yeth, yeth, YETHHHH..." She moaned as she jammed herself down on my cock, cumming. Her tight pussy squeezed my cock over and over. I couldn't hold out.

"Shit..." I groaned, and reflexively thrust my hips up. "Uhuaaaahhh!"

"Oh!" she gasped as she felt me blasting her insides with sperm. "Ohhhh..."

She collapsed on my chest as our orgasms calmed down. "You naughty human," she chastised me, "but thith way I no have to borrow Tupperware for themen."

I raised my head. "You know what Tupperware is?"

"Duh! Been around long time!"

I held out my hand. "I'm Tom."

She took it. "Konnie."

"Konnie the Pukwudgie."

"Yeth, Tom the Human."

"So, just Konnie, then."

"Yeth."

After a few minutes of us laying there, my penis deflated and Konnie pulled off of it. My cum started to run out of her hairy pussy and she used her hand to keep it in while she donned her tunic again. Afterward, she moved up my chest and kithed, er, kissed me. She smelled like flowers.

"Bye, Tom." Then she instantly disappeared, and I could hear her giggles receding down the hallway.

---

Kate came out of the closet after Konnie left, pouting. "So you'll have sex with a Pukwudgie but not me?" Her dress shimmered to nothingness and my cock lurched back to life at the sight of the curvy 19-year-old body the witch had recently possessed.

"You'll lose your magic if I fuck your pussy, Kate. If you'd like me to ravage your ass again, though..."

She did, and I did.

After we were done and Kate cuddled into my neck, I asked, "So what IS a Pukwudgie?"

"Forest spirits," she answered. "They used to be friends with humans a long time ago, but you people fucked that up...typical. Pukwudgies can be dangerous if you cross them...they play nasty pranks."

"Pranks, huh?" As I lay there, I wondered what she needed my semen for.

---

Konnie slipped into the darkened house through the window she had left unlocked earlier after following her prey home. Unseen, she slipped up the stairs and then into a bedroom.

The woman in the bed was asleep, and Konnie murmured some eldritch words to keep her like that before she clambered onto the bed and pulled back the covers.

The slim twentysomething woman was naked under the covers. Her nipples hardened as the cool night air hit them.

"Thtupid human," Konnie said, rolling the woman onto her back and pulling her legs wide, "you maybe thought you threw brick at raccoon in bushes or thomething, but you hit ME. Well, now you get what you get..."

And with that, Konnie pushed two fingers into her own vagina. She pulled them back out, dripping with Tom's sperm-filled semen, and a moment later those fingers pushed into the sleeping woman's defenseless pussy. While she was dry, the dangerous cum on Konnie's fingers quickly moistened everything up, and the next dollop of it was easily pushed into the sleeping woman's vagina.

A third batch of seed joined the first two. "Could thmell you fertile when follow you home. Tom'th thperm thtrong...you get knocked up good."

Konnie's victim started to writhe as more fingerfulls of seed were pushed inside her.

"Oh, you like what Konnie do to you? Thlut." She reached forward to manipulate the woman's clit. "You cum, and womb take theed. Bing bang boom." A final batch of Tom's cum was pushed inside, after which Konnie started to thrust her fingers in and out of the woman's pussy while continuing to frig her love nubbin.

Finally, the insensate young woman gasped and arched her back. "Uh...uhh...uhhh..."

"Yetthhh..." Konnie hissed. "You get pregnant thoon..." Then she removed her fingers and contemplated the slickness on them. "Not good time of year for me to get thpermed either...maybe we both knocked up. Ah, well..."

Then she covered the violated woman up and slipped out of the house.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)