Hi! My name is Melanie. I live with my boyfriend,Andy,in one of
the larger cities in Australia. I'd rather not say which one.
Andy is pretty fit because of his job and I try to stay in shape
as well. I'm 26 years old. I'm not very tall at 5ft 3in but I'm
slender and have longblonde hair. My bum is nice and tight from
all the exercise, mainly running.I have unusually large breasts
for my size and my very slender waist makes them look even bigger
than they really are.

My boyfriend and I were coming home from a night out. I like to
dress up every now and again so I was in a very nice red dress.
The dress was high cut at one side, almost to the left hip. Then
it cut down at an angle, both front and back,to just above my
right knee, so one leg was bare from the bottom of the hip down.
It was one of those dresses where if I wasn't careful about how I
positioned my legs, someone standing off to the side could get an
eyeful of my knickers. I was wearing a G stringwhich left my bum
bare but I was covered at the front, just barely.The dresswas
very low cut at the front to accentuate my breasts and plunged
nearlyto my belly button.You could see plenty of cleavage but
the nipples were fully covered. The back wastotally open from
just above my bum, except for a connecting chain across the
shoulder blades, which was the only thing that stopped my dress
slipping off my shoulders. I was wearing high heeled shoes as I
usually do when I go out on the town.

We had been out to see a movie and when we got home, something
just didn't feel right.The house looked empty but therewas a
breeze blowing and yet we are quite careful to lock all doors and
windows before we go out. We got broken into the year before so
we had become very careful about securing the house.Andy is in
the Airforce and while he doesn't go away for long periods of
time, he's quite often away for a few days. I was often left on
my own so we had pretty good security. We noticed almost straight
away that the kitchen window had been smashed and there was
broken glass on the floor. It was obvious we had been broken into
again but nothing seemed missing. Probably kids looking for cash
I thought. The TV, DVD player, stereo and, laptop computer, were
all where we had left them. Andy was checking the cabinets to see
if anything was missing and I went to the bedroom to check on my
jewellery. Not that I have much.

As I walked into the main bedroom, someone moved from behind the
door and grabbed my arm. I let out a little squeal before a hand
was clapped over my mouth. I was kicking and struggling as Andy
came charging into the room, he had obviously heard me make a
noise. Four more men came out of the ensuite as Andy came in to
the room and moved to block him.

Andy said, "Let her go!".

The man said "We're not here to hurt anybody, so just relax" and
he let me go. I ran over to Andy and he put his arm around me
protectively. I could see all five of them now. They looked like
they were teenagers, maybe early twenties at the oldest and one
of them was huge!.

"Just take what you want and get out", Andy said, as he held me
protectively.

"We're just after cash", said the one who had held me when I came
in.

Andy took out his wallet and gave the man what he had. It wasn't
much. We had spent most of it that night.

"Is this all?", said the man. "What a waste of time!", he
exclaimed.

He turned to the other men and said, "Carry on searching".

The men continued going through the drawers in our bedroom. The
one that was going through my underwear drawer pulled out my
vibrator and waved it around. They all had smiles on their faces
as mine went bright red. One of them found my jewellery box but
like I said it wasn't much. Mostly just cheap stuff. The only
good stuff I had, I was wearing. It belonged to my mother and she
left it to me.

"This is all rubbish!" One of the men said.

One of the other men told Andy to give him his watch. He didn't
have any other jewellery. Andy handed over his watch which I
bought him last year for his birthday. It was only worth a few
hundred dollars. Thenthe mansaw the jewellery I was wearing.

"Give me that necklace", he said.

I said, "No" as my hand went to cover it up.

Andy said, "Mel, just give it to him!", but I refused.

As the man reached to take it from me, Andy tried to keep him
away from me but two of the other guys held him back. The man
used one hand to pull my hand away, as he reached to rip my
knecklace off with the other. It wasthen that I surprised
myself, and him apparently. I lifted my knee and connected
beautifully with his most sensitive area. He dropped like a stone
but managed to keep hold of my wrist with one hand. He couldn't
even speak but he held on to my wrist and wouldn't let go despite
me pulling away as hard as I could. One of the other guys came up
behind me and grabbed my hair. He gave it a twist and had a
handfull in his fist as he pulled me back hard. I could tell this
guy wasn't anyone to mess with and I went still as he held me
firmly by the hair with one hand. He had my head pulled so far
back it was resting on his left shoulder and I could see his
face.

Andy said, "Let her go you bastard!" as he struggled against the
two men holding him. "If you touch her, I'll fucking kill you!".

To show how frightened he wasn't, the man looked Andy right in
the eye and smiled, as his right hand went inside the back of my
dress, around my waist, and moved up. He held my bare breast in
his hand under my dress but it was obvious to all the guys what
he was doing, including Andy. The anger I felt earlier had
completely gone away. Now I was just terrified! I gave a little
sob as he squeezed my right breast. Andy was going crazy but
couldn't break away from the guys holding him.

The man holding me toldone of the others to go and get something
to tie us up. A few minutes later he came back with some cord. It
wasn't very thick but it was strong. He used it to tieAndy's
hands behind his backand another length to tie his feet. The man
holding me hadn't stopped squeezing my breast the whole time. I
have never been so scared in my life!

Just then the man who I had knee'd in the balls started to recover
and stood up. He called me a fucking bitch and slapped me across
the face very hard.

The man holding me said, "That's enough!", He turned to the other
guys and said, "Tie this bitch up so we can get out of here".

The man who had just slapped me said, "No fucking way! This bitch
kicked me in the balls. Now she's gonna have to apologise!"

I said, "Fuck you asshole!"

Andy said, "Mel, just say you're sorry". I could tell he was more
worried for me than for him.

One of the guys near Andy put some tape over his mouth and left
him on the floor.

The man in front of me told me to apologise again. I swore at him
some more! He turned and nodded to the guys over near Andy and
they both started kicking him. I screamed and tried to break away
from the man behind me but he still held my hair tight and still
had one hand on my right breast.

Iscreamed at them to leave Andy alone. I could see blood on his
face and I couldn't standseeing him hurt.

"I'm sorry!" I said. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry", I repeated through
my tears.

The men stopped kicking Andy but I could see he was seriously
hurt. I wanted to run to him. The man behind me had let go of my
hair and breast but he still held me. The one in front came close
to me. He grabbed my chin and looked at me. I had no thoughts of
kneeing him in the balls again. I was too scared.

He said, "That's not the way I want you to apologise!".

For a moment I didn't realise what he meant. Then he pushed me
down to my knees!

As he took his cock out of his pants he said, "If you bite me,
you're boyfriend will pay for it!".

I looked over at Andy on the floor with blood running down his
face. He was shaking his head and screaming behind his gag. I
could tell he was saying no. One of the guys gave him a kick in
the stomach, which doubled him over and I surrendered. With tears
running down my face I leaned forward and took the bastards cock
in my mouth and started sucking. He had both hands on the back of
my head and was thrusting his hips forward as he shoved his cock
into the back of my mouth. I felt so ashamed as I knelt there
sucking on this bastards cock. I knew Andy could see me from
where he was and I couldn't bear to look at him. I kept my eyes
closed and did what I had to do. After a few minutes the man
picked up the pace of his thrusts. He held my head even tighter
and suddenly came in my mouth. There was a lot of it and it
tasted awful.

He said, "Don't spill any bitch or we'll start again".

I wasn't sure if he meant it but I couldn't chance it. I just
wanted this all to be over. I swallowed the load of cum he had
shot in my mouth and as he pushed my head away, some more
splashed on my lips and chin. I sat there on the floor of my
bedroom with tears on my face and a bastards cum on my chin as I
caught Andy's eye. I could see he was hurt, emotionally and
physically. I have never felt so ashamed but what else could I
do. I started to crawl over to him but the guy stopped me.

"You're not finished yet bitch!" he said. "My mates felt my pain
just as much as I did", he said with an evil grin. Surely he
couldn't mean what I thought he meant. But he did! As one of the
other guys moved in front of me and undid his zip I realised, I
hadmore blowjobs to give!

I was much closer to Andy now. He was only about four feet away
and I tried to turn so at least he couldn't directly see what I
was doing. The guy standing in front of me realised what I was
doing and wouldn't have any of that! He turned me back so I was
side on to Andy and he could see every thrust of that cock into
my mouth. I resigned myself to doing what I had to do. I knew
they would hurt Andy some more if I refused, so I closed my eyes
and tried to pretend it was Andy's cock in my mouth as I sucked
him off. It only took this guy a few minutes before he shot his
load in my mouth.

The next guy was all ready and I had barely had a chance to
swallow the cum in my mouth before the third cock was shoved
between my lips. This guy was really rough! His cock was very
long and he had a tight hold of my head as he tried to push it
all the way down my throat. I've never really liked the idea of
deep throat. I've had a few boyfriends, even before Andy who
wanted me to try but I never would. I knew this guy wasn't going
to take no for an answer though. I knew what I was supposed to
do. As his cock head pushed at the back of my throat, I
swallowed, as if I was swallowing a mouthful of food. Suddenly he
was in me all the way. He pulled my head forward until his balls
were on my chin. I panicked and tried to back off. I couldn't
breathe! He was laughing as he let me pull my head back far
enough to breathe but kept fucking my mouth. Every few thrusts he
would push into my throat again and I would swallow his cock
again. It got easier but it certainly wasn't pleasant. After what
seemed forever I could feel him tensing up as he held my head and
shot his load into my throat.

The next guy was much the same.He had seen me deep throatinghis
friend andhe had to have it too. I sucked him until my jaw ached
and eventually, hewas done. Thefourth load of cum was spilling
out of mouth and running down my neck as theguy was standing in
front of me putting his cock back in his pants. The room had gone
totally quiet. Even Andy had stopped struggling and making noise.
I was exhausted! Suckingfour cocks in a row is a lot of effort
at the best of times and this certainly didn't qualify as that.
The fifth man was the biggest man of the lot. He was huge but he
didn't seem interested. He just watched what was going on and
helped when necessary. He remained dressed through the whole
thing and never even approached me.

Through my exhaustion I said, "Please! Just leave us alone".

I managed to stand up next to the bed and one of the guys slid
his hand inside my dress from behind. I didn't even try to
protest as his hand came around my waist and grabbed my breast
again. I think it was the same guy as before.

He almost whispered in my ear, "Let's have a look at those tits".


With that he pulled both my shoulder straps outwards. The chain
at the back of my dress snapped easily and my dress fell to the
floor. I stood there in my G string and high heels, trying to
cover myself with my hands but the guy behind me grabbed my arms
and held them behind my back. The other guys were whistling and
making other noises as a couple of them moved forward and started
squeezing my tits and twisting my nipples. One of them had a hand
between my legs. Rubbing my cunt through the silken material of
my G string.

I was almost whispering, "Please, please", as for the first
timeit dawned on me that I might get raped. I started struggling
again as they pushed me onto the bed but it was useless. There
were five of them! Hands were still mauling my breasts and
rubbingbetween my legs, then suddenly one of them pulled my
panties down. I was on my back on my own bed, naked except for my
high heeled shoes and five strangers were molesting me. I
couldn't see him but I could hear Andy starting to scream again
through his gagas four of the men spread my limbs while the
fifth stood at the base of my bed and undid his pants.

He looked over at Andy and said, "I reckon she's gonna enjoy this
mate!", and laughed as he climbed on top of me. My struggling was
useless but I was starting to make a lot of noise screaming as
his cock entered me. One of the guys shoved something in my mouth
to keep me quiet. It was my own knickers. They weren't really big
enough to properly gag me. I was still able to make noise but not
so loud. The first guy just ignored my tears and my screams
andfucked me. I could see he was enjoying himself! He was
looking right into my face throuought the whole rape. It was as
if he wanted to see my pain and humiliation while he fucked me.
He grunted a few times as he got close to cumming and then
slammed his cock into me really hard as he let go his load and
filled my cunt with his cum. He was still smiling as he climbed
off me at the base of the bed and turned and looked right at Andy
as he put his cock away. He was enjoying humiliating both of us!

As soon as he got his cock back in his pants, he changed
positions with one of the guys holding my arms and the other man
couldn't get his pants down fast enough. He was on me, and in me,
in an instant. He fucked me very fast, faster than the first guy
had been, even near the end. It only took him a couple of minutes
before he added his cum to that of the first man. He groaned as
he came inside me and climbed off without even looking at me. I
was exhausted with all the struggling and was barely resisting
any more.

The third man rolled me over to the edge of the bed then and
pulled me to the bottom of the bed, so I was bent over the base
of the bed with my knees on the floor. The other men had let me
go and I was held in position by one hand of the man behind me in
the small of my back. He used his knees to spread my legs and
stuck his cock in me. I was right near the corner of the bed and
when I turned my head to the right, I could look back and see
Andy, still tied up near the bedroom door. It's not a big bedroom
and he was only a few feet away. He was off to the side of the
bed and I knew from where he was he could see every thrust of the
third man's cock inside me. I think the man chose that position
just so Andy could see.

While I was being raped for the third time, the big quiet man
came and stood near the side of the bed and took his cock out. He
was enormous! Andy's cock isn't very big but Ihad sex with quite
a few men before we met and some of them were big, but nothing
like this! I have never seen a cock that big, even in porno's and
he wasn't even hard yet. His hands were huge!They were alot
bigger than mine and yetas he stroked himself I could see his
fingers didn't go all the way around. His cock was aboutas fat
as a can ofcoke and his balls were like tennis balls.I knew now
why he hadn't wanted a blow job. That monster wouldn't fit in my
mouth! As my eyes widened in panic and Ishook my head "No", he
just kept on stroking his cock, which was starting to firm up. I
could tell the the third guy was getting close to cumming. He was
ramming it into me faster and harder and then buried himself
firmly inside me and held it there while he shot load after load
into me.

The big guywas still stroking his cock andwhile it wasn't fully
erect, it was starting to have an upward tilt and had grown even
larger! He moved around behind me and knelt down. I couldn't see
him but Icould seeAndy's face as the guy obviously showed him
what he was going to be sticking in me.I tried to close my legs
and roll away but he stopped me easily. He used his knees to push
mine uncomfortably far apart and then I felt him pushing at my
cunt. He might as well have just put his hand flat against me and
pushed. My lips weren't opening! I felt the pressure but no
stretching! He wasn't getting inside me, he was just too big! I
could feel him rubbing the head of his cock up and down my slit,
moistening the huge head of his cock, then he positioned himself
at my opening and pushed. My cunt was already stretched open by
the fucking I had just received from the other three guys and he
managed to get his semi hard cock started inside me. I felt my
cunt open wide as he worked himself, very slowly, in and out. He
was pushing just a little deeper every time and being quite
gentle in the circumstances. If he had been fully hard I don't
think he would have managed it at all.

It took him several minutes but eventually I felt his hips
pressing against my bum on the down stroke and realised he had
that monster cock all the way in me. He still wasn't really hard
though and fortunately, he wasn't as long as he was thick. He
must have had about nine inches but even that looked short in
comparison to the thickness. He started sliding in and out of me
quite slowly but taking it all the way with every thrust. I could
hardly breathe, I was being stretched so much and I could feel
him starting to harden and stretch me even further. As his cock
became fullyerect he started to fuck me harder. He was hitting
the back wall with every thrust and I screamed every time. My
cunt was stretched so wide I was certain I must be tearing. It
certainly felt like it! He took his time and it felt like my
torment went on forever. Strangely enough as I was being violated
by this giant, I was thinking of Andy and how he must feel
watching a man with a cock the size of his arm, fucking his
girlfriend. I was being pounded mercilessly and as he got close
to cumming, he hardened even further and slammed that huge cock
into me harder and faster. With one final drive, he came inside
me and I screamed again with the violence of the the final
thrust. I felt the splash as his first jet of cum hit the back
wall of my cunt. Then another and another. Surge after surge of
cum was being pumped into my already sodden cunt and I lay there
in agony as he collapsed on top of me.

A few seconds later he pulled out of me very quickly and I felt
more pain as my ring suddenly contracted. I couldn't move but I
could feel cum running out of my cunt and down my legs. I knew
Andy could see it from where he was. I had forgotten all about
the fifth man who then got behind me and started to fuck me. It
was almost a relief after the pain of that monster cock and i
hardly felt him raping me. He obviously thought the same thing
because he said something about not touching the sides. I could
hear him telling the big man that he hated going after him!
Obviously they had done this sort of thing before! A few seconds
later he pulled out of my cunt and in one swift brutal shove,
buried his cock in my ass. I had never had anal sex before and I
screamed again as he ripped me open.I heard him say, "That's
better!", as he continued raping my virgin asshole. Even this
first assault on my ass wasn't as painful as the fucking I had
previously received but it wasn't pleasant. I was crying through
the whole thing and he swiftly brought himself off and filled my
final hole with his cum.

When the final guy finished they all just left without bothering
to tie me up. I couldn't move for a while anyway. I was collapsed
over the bed with my legs spread wide and cum running out of both
holes. I thought of Andy looking at my violated holes from near
the door but I was in too much pain to move. Eventually I managed
to lift myself up to a kneeling position and as I did, so much
cum flooded out of me it reached my knees in a second. I crawled
over to Andy and held him tight as I cried and cried. I could
hear Andy was crying too. A few minutes later I pulled the tape
off of his mouth and untied his hands. We sat there crying and
holding each other for about an hour before Andy called the
police. The police never found the guys who raped me but they did
recover my mother's jewellery.

Things were never the same with Andy after that. For a month or
so I couldn't even think about having sex, which was ok because
Andy hadn't initiated anything either. I thought he was just
giving me some time but when I realised our relationship was
struggling I made a move on Andy. I knew we had to start having
sex again sometime. Andy seemed reluctant but I was persistent. I
finally got him to agree but he was unable to perform. We tried a
few more times over the next month or so but Andy just couldn't
get hard. Not with me anyway. Ihad seen the evidence that he was
masturbating. I do his laundry so I knew it wasn't a physical
problem. We talked about it and he said that when we tried to
have sex he couldn't stop thinking about those men and what they
had done. I suggested counselling but he wouldn't be in that and
soon after he left me for good.

It was about three months after the rape that I realised i had
missed my last couple of periods. With absolute dread I went to
the doctors for a pregnancy test and he cheerfully told me I was
about three months pregnant. I have no idea whether the baby was
Andy's or one of my assailants but I don't believe in abortions
so I am still carrying the baby.I know I could never learn to
love this child, so I have already been looking into adoption.
I'm eight months pregnant now and the memory of that night still
gives me nightmares. I can't wait to get rid of this evil growth
inside me!







Hi! If you like my stories, or even if you don't, please give me
some feedback. I would love to hear from you.

alisonames@live.com




