Discovering Melanie
by Cave

Discovering Melanie Ch. 11

Melanie was nervously waiting for Josy outside on the college grounds, to walk home together. It had been a long day and she was tired. Starting with her morning run with Brian, followed by a day at college in a short skirt without panties, shed had a day filled with conflicting emotions. On top of it all, Brian had said some things that made her worry.

Thankfully, she only had to wait a few minutes, and they set off towards home. Melanie briefly explained Brians weirdness during the afternoon and that he suggested she talk to Josy.

Yeah, he found me just before lunch, as I was entering the lunch hall, Josy said.

Why, whats going on? She asked. He wouldnt say.

He said hes worried about you, then showed me a few pictures on his phone.

Pictures? Melanie asked, growing increasingly worried.

They were on a website. I asked him what site, but he wouldnt say, Josy said. Anyway, he said they were pictures of you. He seemed pretty certain about it.

Pictures of me? Melanie said, filled with dread.

I mean, I recognized the location as the field by the highway. The pictures were obviously from there, but I dont understand why he was certain it was you. Similar body shape, but they didnt have the girls face in the pictures.

Oh no, Melanie said, on the verge of crying.

Melanie?

Melanie stopped walking, tears welling up in her eyes. The middle-aged man who caught her half naked just a few weeks ago. It sounded like he had posted the pictures online somewhere and somehow Brian had found them.

She felt Josy wrap her arms around her and they stood there like that for a moment.

Its okay, Mel. Your face isnt on there, but Brian I dont know Josy said.

Yeah, its probably me in those pictures, she said after shed calmed down a little. Do you remember when I needed to talk to you about something?

Yeah, uhm, last week.

That morning, I went running by the highway and on the way back I stopped at our little field. I, uh, she hesitated before forcing the next words out. I stripped naked except for my sports bra and did my stretches like that.

Feeling overwhelmed with shame, she covered her face with her hands. She had hoped to be able to forget about the incident and so hadnt brought it up anymore. Now it appears it was going to haunt her. She knew why Brian was so sure it was her. This morning shed been wearing the same sports bra and she always had her hair in the same bun when she went running. The similarities would be obvious.

But how did he even find those pictures? She questioned.

I dont know, said Josy.

She couldnt just ignore this, as Brian seemed to know it was her in those pictures. She would need to talk to him about it, but she had no idea what to expect from him. Maybe Josy could tag along for support.

I need to talk to Brian. Could you come with me?

Yes, of course.

She texted Brian to ask if they could talk that evening and shortly after he let her know he could come by after dinner. They agreed on a time to meet in the food court of their building.

Hey, if you want to change when you get home, I understand, Josy said. You know, no panty day.

Oh, Melanie said. Despite everything, she hadnt thought of that. Thank you, Josy, but Im not going back on that. I agreed yesterday and will follow through on it.

Youre amazing, Mel. Hold strong and itll be fine, Im sure, Josy said, hugging her.

Feeling the support from her friend did wonders for Melanies mood.

During dinner she was thinking of what to say to Brian. She had known him for only two and a half weeks now. He seemed the quiet and polite type, but she didnt know what hed want from her. Thinking back to what hed said, he seemed to worry about her wellbeing. Even so, she knew she should be on her guard.

She prepared herself mentally as best she could and when it was time, went out the door.

Before long, Melanie and Josy were waiting in the food court for Brian to arrive. It was just past seven thirty and they were going to talk to him about pictures he found on some website. Josy said he seemed sure it was Melanie in those pictures, but perhaps they could still deny it, convince him it was someone else.

Itll be okay, Josy said.

I hope so.

When Brian arrived, Josy suggested they order a drink and sit in a quiet area. They sat next to each other, with Brian sitting on the other side of the table.

So Melanie began. She didnt know how to begin to address the issue.

Im sorry, I didnt mean to burden you with this, Brian said.

Really, Josy said, sounding skeptical. So, what do you want from Melanie?

Im not the bad guy here, Brian objected, addressing at Josy.

No, you just happen to have a naked picture of her on your phone.

Josy! Melanie exclaimed.

Josy looked horrified at her admission.

So, it is you then, Brian said. I mean, I was quite sure already. I didnt mean to Just that that picture and this morning I realized it was you.

Melanie sighed. She looked at Josy, who seemed subdued. She took her hand and gave it a little squeeze, hoping Josy would know she didnt blame her and still wanted her there.

Uhm, can you show me the picture? Where did find you find it? Melanie asked.

Oh, yes, he said, then opened a website on his phone. Here, look.

Seeing herself on the screen on his phone was quite embarrassing. From her hair and the distinct back pattern of her sports-bra, it was no wonder he had recognized her. Her hair and top would have looked exactly the same that morning.

It looked like this was the first picture the man had taken, just as she had grabbed her clothes. Her knees were slightly bent, her butt extended outwards and was illuminated by the morning sun. She could see between her legs and the outline of her pussy, but luckily the details seemed to be lost in shadow. At least her puckered hole was mostly hidden.

Oh, was all she could say, blushing furiously.

Theres a few others, but not as bad. Here.

He scrolled through the pictures. There were four in total, showing her further and further away. Luckily, none of the pictures showed her face.

What kind of website is this? Josy asked.

Its an enf site, Brian answered.

Enf? Whats that?

E, N, F, Embarrassed nude female.

And how did you find this?

Uhm, he seemed embarrassed to talk about it.

Never mind Josy rolled her eyes. So, youre into this sort of thing, then?

He didnt answer.

Melanie was still recovering from the shock of seeing her own butt in such detail and realizing that it was posted on the internet.

Who posted it? She asked.

Let me see, he said as he checked it. Some user called dirty hound sixty-nine.

What?!? Both Josy and Melanie laughed at the name.

He also added a comment to it, if you want to read it, though Im not sure you want to.

Melanie read it for herself.

It read:
found this hottie when I was walking my dog. She was doing yoga or something dressed like this. Thought shed run for it when she saw me, but the little slut actually started masturbating. Couldnt get that part on camera, sorry.

Thats a lie! Melanie exclaimed at Brian.

People tend to make up a good story to get more likes, Brian said.

This was awful. If more people recognized her from those pictures, her life was ruined, she thought. And what if they believe the comment from the guy? She looked at Brian. Did he believe the comment, she wondered?

Im sorry, Melanie. I dont know what you were doing, but please be more careful. You dont know what might happen if you meet the wrong person.

Dont play the saint here, Brian, Josy said in an angry tone.

Melanie thought about what they had both said. She wanted to blame Brian for this and though hes obviously not innocent, looking at such websites, he did at least warn her about it. He could just as easily have kept it quiet.

Dont shoot the messenger, right? Though she shouldve known that the pictures taken by the man might have ended up on the internet, perhaps it was better knowing what to look out for.

Josy and Brian both looked at her expectantly.

So now what? She asked, then she added, I suppose I should thank you for letting me know about this.

No, no thanks, Brian said. You have a kind heart, Melanie, you dont deserve something like this.

Melanie blushed at his words. Perhaps he did just want to help her.

Please dont ever show this to anyone, she said.

Of course, on my life!

She stood up, walked over to Brian, and kissed his cheek. She said, Thank you, and then sat down again.

So, are we okay? Brian asked nervously.

Josy chuckled, clearly amused, staring intently at Brian. Her mood seemed to have completely turned around and she said, I think hes alright. You can go running with him again, but next time wear something different.

Melanie looked at Brian and she could see he was as embarrassed by Josys remark as she was.

Go running with him again, knowing hed seen a picture of her naked butt? It would be embarrassing but the thought also excited her. She wondered how hed react if he knew she hadnt been wearing panties all day, including right now.

Well see how it goes, she said, sipping on her drink and touching the hem of her skirt.

All three of them were quietly drinking their drinks, while Melanie was playing with her skirt. After all the apprehension, it seemed that her life wasnt ruined just yet. Time would tell whether Brian would truly keep this to himself, but she had a good feeling about it. All of the released tension, however, was reigniting her arousal and she kept teasing herself by slowly raising her skirt up her legs.

Josy tickled her leg just below where she had raised her skirt, hinting that Josy knew what shed been doing below the table, and then Josy asked, Shall we go then?

Melanie agreed and fixed her skirt as she stood up. She turned around to get going and then felt her skirt being pulled up behind her.

She froze and heard Brian gasp. Josy just flashed her butt to Brian, she realized.

The real deal is better, right Brian? Josy asked him, still holding the skirt up.

Josy! Melanie exclaimed with a beet red face as she pushed Josys hand away, so her skirt fell back down.

See you later, Brian, Josy said as Melanie hurried towards the elevators.

Melanie assumed he responded in kind, but it was in a low voice and she couldnt make out exactly what he said.

She heard Josy walk up to her and she gave her an annoyed look as they went into the elevator.

After all that, how can you do that to me?

Lets not pretend you didnt like that. I saw what you did below the table, Josy said, Besides, that boy is smitten after that kiss of yours.

No, hes not. And hell think Im perverted, she retorted. Besides, I was just thanking him for his kindness.

Hes been totally into you since week one, Mel, Josy said in a calm voice. You just cant see it. Why do you think he came to me to warn about the pictures, when he could have just kept quiet about it?

Melanie didnt have a response to that. Though she truly hadnt noticed that he might be into her, she had already come to conclude that he wanted to help her. If what Josy said was true, it did still fit with that, and she didnt think Josy would joke about this.

She sighed. She admitted to herself that despite the shock and embarrassment, she had enjoyed getting her skirt lifted just now, but she wasnt going to admit it to Josy. Another sigh, as she realized Josy didnt need her to admit it.

So, what was going through your head just now, when you were playing with your skirt? Josy asked as the elevator stopped at Melanies floor.

They stepped out of the elevator as Melanie blushed, thinking about it. If Josy hadnt interrupted, how far would she have gone, playing with her skirt under the table in front of Brian? Now he had not only seen a picture of her naked except for her sports bra, but even seen her butt in real life. Shed been embarrassed and upset but thinking back to it made her feel hot.

Youre thinking about it, arent you? Josy asked. I can see it in your face.

They were still standing in front of the elevator and the connecting hallways were empty. Josy pulled the front of her skirt up and she didnt do anything to stop it. Being exposed like that in front of the elevators, where anyone could see her from all directions raised her arousal even higher than it already was.

What if he saw you like this instead?

Melanie closed her eyes and relished the thought.

Would you kill me? Josy asked.

Josy

Or this.

Josy let go of the skirt and moved behind Melanie. She pulled up Melanies blouse, exposing her stomach, and kept pulling it up. Reaching her bra, she pushed both up over her breasts, exposing her whole chest.

Im sure Brian would like this view as well, Josy whispered in her ear.

Melanie moaned, while her hands touched her inner thighs through her skirt.

Touch your nipples, Josy whispered, as she lowered one hand to Melanies skirt.

She raised her hands to her breasts, while Josy started lifting her skirt again, but they heard a door close nearby and instead she hurried to pull her clothes back into place.

Do you want to study together in my room? Josy asked.

Studying in Josys room meant studying naked. It was tempting, but it had been a long day already.

Another time, okay? Im really tired from everything today, she said.

I understand, Josy smiled. Dont forget, Saturday morning shopping.

They hugged, said bye, and Josy got back in the elevator to go to her floor. As Melanie headed towards her apartment, three guys walked around a corner and passed her on their way to the elevator.

Next morning when Melanie arrived shortly before class started, Brian seemed as nervous as she was, and neither said anything. They just stood there outside the door. After a moment, she wondered if she should apologize for storming off after their talk the previous day.

Sorry, Brian said, just before she was about to speak up. It must have been embarrassing.

A lot of things had been embarrassing lately, Melanie thought.

You mean the pictures? Yeah, she said, blushing.

I meant what Josy did. Though I guess that too.

Oh, right. Yeah, she said, blushing again.

She wanted to know his thoughts on that. Whether he judged her for not wearing panties, whether he suspected that she hadnt been wearing panties all day, and what he thought of why she had been half naked in the little field the day the man had taken the pictures of her. However, there was no way she could ask him any of that. It was embarrassing enough as it was.

Are you okay? He asked.

She looked at him and he averted his gaze. Josy may just be right about him, she realized. However, she didnt know what she wanted to do about it. Extend her hand for a handshake? No, that would feel weird after her thank you kiss yesterday. She looked around, there were only two other students waiting and they were looking the other way.

She stepped up to him and put her arms around him for a hug. He hesitated, but then returned the hug, and she quickly broke off again before someone might notice.

Im okay. How are you? She asked.

Yeah, Im good, he smiled, and she smiled back just Sarah and Cohen arrived. Shortly after, class started.

The day went normally, and it seemed like Brian hadnt said anything about either the pictures or their conversation to Sarah or Cohen.

Do you guys want to study together tomorrow? Sarah asked at lunch.

Thats a good idea, said Cohen. Ill check with my roommate, but I think we can use my place.

Brian and Melanie both agreed.

Ten thirty? Cohen asked.

Everyone agreed to that, but Melanie remembered she was to go shopping with Josy in the morning, as well as go run with Brian. She texted Josy, explaining the planned study meet and asking if they could go shopping the next weekend.

Josy texted back, suggesting they do some online shopping together that evening, to which Melanie agreed.


