Ellen's Sex Shop 3: Tinker's Workshop

     Tinker was delighted as she looked over her small audience. While some of Ellen's girls loved the various sale drives and events over all else, Tinker preferred the workshops. Trisha had come by her nickname of "Tinker" honestly, she was the store's de facto expert on sex toys of all types and the little seminars she ran as an extra for their VIP customers were her preferred duty at Ellen's Delights. Today was even better than usual, as this particular, rather small, class was among her favorites to teach. It was also among the most hands-on. Which accounted for a good chunk of why it had that status.

     There were only three women in attendance. The hands-on nature of the class made it a rare exception to the shop's firm "look but don't touch" rule and, as a result, anyone who wanted to attend had to be hand-selected by either Tinker or Ellen. Even if the waiver's these girls signed would protect the shop legally, no one wanted a black mark on the shop's reputation if someone unable to handle the seminar ended up in attendance.

     The women covered a range of ages, the youngest was barely twenty, the second appeared in her early thirties, and Tinker knew the last was forty-three, even if the brunette looked barely out of her teens. The older woman, Karina, wasn't particularly vain, merely rich, and saw no reason not to spend a far bit of money on the best anti-aging gene mods and rejuv treatments money could buy. She was also, ironically, the only newbie to the class. The other two, Diana and Lily had attended a variation of this class the week before. She was also fairly sure the two of them had been "practicing" on each other since then. They seemed to be more familiar with the subject matter than the single previous seminar could account for.

     Which, given that the topic of this workshop was two-person toys, certainly meant they were partnering with someone, even if not with each other. It was, of course, the topic which accounted for the rare hands-on policy, as it was virtually impossible to teach without that concession. They would cover three toys over the course of the night, and two required some measure of active participation. The first toy for the evening was a fairly basic double dildo, for Karina's benefit, Diana and Lily had covered it already. Later, they would swap to a pair of much more high-tech solutions, a hard light strap-on with some extra features, and an echo neural stimulator.

     Tinker finished setting up the program they'd need for the echo stimulator, and turned to her students. "Alright! We're ready to go. Now, since Karina is new, we're going to go back over the double dong for her benefit. On that note, everyone strip! No room for modesty here."

     She immediately put her own actions to words, peeling off the shapewear top she'd been wearing for work. Her B-cups were the smallest of all the shop girls and, while she liked their sensitive perkiness, the shapewear helped her get maximum use out of what she had. As her breasts met cool air it became clear to any that hadn't known that her minor metal fetish, shown before in a nose ring, lip ring, and trio of piercings in each ear, was continued on the rest of her body. In addition to the, almost expected, belly-button ring, each of her small nipples were pierced, and her cleavage sported a vertical sternum piercing. As she rapidly divested herself of the tight pants and thong that had completed her minimal outfit, the others were shown that her piercings went even further down, with a vertically pierced clitoris hood and a pair of rings through either outer lip.
Tinker had, unsurprisingly, been the first finished. Diana and Lily had expected the command, and both were nearly finished. Diana was down to just her panties, and those came off as Tink glanced at her. The youngest member of the group, her hard, athletic body showed off her active lifestyle, powerful but lithe muscle stretched out on a perfect swimmers body. Lily finished a moment later, her soft, petite, but no less alluring form a startling contrast to Diana's. Their hair, short-cropped golden blond and ass-length raven black respectively, emphasized the physical contrast.

     Karina was, honestly, probably expecting the order to strip as well. She'd been to other workshops with Tinker, and it was an almost universal need for any of the advanced classes. She'd clearly been caught out at the abruptness, or else had simply been perving on the other girls stripping, as she still had her bra and panties on when Lily finished. Tink honestly suspected it was the latter. She was well aware that Karina had an almost frightening sex-drive. She also figured that turnabout was fair-play, so she made no effort to pretend she wasn't soaking in the sight of the older woman's amazing body.

     Those gene-mods of hers had done far more than slow her aging. They'd granted her a rather epic pair of E-cups, a 5' 9" body, and one of the most amazing rears Tink had ever laid eyes on. She had curves in all the right places, somehow making the oversized breasts look completely fitting on her supermodel frame. The woman caught her looking and grinned, striking a subtle pose and blowing her a kiss.

     Tink laughed, then waved to gather their attention. "Okay. Since we have that little formality out of the way," that got a giggle from Lily, "I wanted to ask Diana and Lily if the two of you are comfortable demonstrating the techniques we learned last time for Karina?"

     The two of them looked at each other, shrugged, then nodded back to Tinker. Lily spoke for the pair of them, "Sure. We've gotten some practice in with them since last time, so hopefully we can get it right."
Tink mentally pat herself on the back for her earlier guess. "Good. Let's grab the toys, go over their single-person use, then have you demo the best options for paired usage." She led the way over to a long table arrayed on one wall of the small room and pulled back a black cloth to show off her choices for their first exercise. The luridly purple, double ended toys revealed were a low-tech jelly material, smaller at one end than the other and intended to be easily bent over double. She passed them around to the other women, gave them a lube packet, then shooed them back to the padded mats and cushions laid out on the floor.
She joined them on a mat facing them, leaning back against a padded wedge, bending her knees and spreading to give them a good view. She motioned for them to copy her, and spoke up when they had. "Alright. This is pretty basic, and not really the main focus of our workshop, so we'll cover this quick." She took a quick, mostly professional, glance at each woman's slit. All of them were already wet to some degree, but only Karina was wet enough for an immediate start. Hopefully, watching her would get the other two going properly. "Now, since I assume you're all big girls and know how to use a dildo normally," that got snickers and snorts, "I'll cover the one unique masturbation option with a double dong like these." She picked hers up from where she'd set it on the floor. "They are obviously designed for double self-penetration and beyond that the only thing to note about them, mostly for Karina, is that they go from ridiculously floppy, almost unmanageably so, to fairly rigid when they are bent into a U shape." She slapped the unbent dong on her knee, then bent it in half and did the same, it was noticeably less pliant once bent.

     "That's obviously useful once you get it in, but managing it up to the point can be a bit of an art form, and something only practice can help you with." She picked up the bottle of lube she'd left next to her wedge. "Getting onto to the main thrust of the matter." Just eye rolls that time. Well, it was a pretty bad joke. "It technically doesn't matter which hole you start with when you're going for double penetration with one of these monsters. However, I personally fine it easiest to start with my asshole, as working around the already inserted vaginal end can be a bit awkward, particularly if you're new to the experience. That it's harder to get that bit in for many women, just makes starting there even more logical as far as I'm concerned." She squirted a generous amount of lube onto the smaller end of the toy, then set the bottle aside to work it in with both hands. "If you aren't experienced with anal play, or for that matter even if you are, I recommend working a couple of fingers in first. This particular toy isn't huge, but some of the others we sell definitely are." She put action to her words, taking a lube-covered hand and beginning to work some of it into her rosebud. She didn't really need it, with how often she did this sort of thing, but best to set a good example.

     She glanced at her charges again, and noted that all three were notably more aroused now. Good. She slipped a finger in and lubed her insides thoroughly. "If you feel you are ready, grab your lube and beginning applying it to the toy and yourself while I insert." She was gratified to see all three of them do so, and amused that Karina was the slowest about it, splitting her attention to watch Tink avidly.
Tink pressed the smaller head of the toy to her rear opening and relaxed her muscles. She teased the opening for just a few moments before sinking half the length of the toy in with the ease of long experience. She gave a couple of perfunctory thrusts, then turned her attention to the others. Lily was already in the process of inserting her own toy, not needing prompting, and it looked like Diana was about to join her. Karina was behind, and not just because she had been watching Tinker. She was visibly having a bit of a hard time wrangling the toy in its unbent state. "Karina, go ahead and bend it a bit, even just a small bend with make it easier to position." The older woman nodded and tried it, quickly managing to get it under control and in position. She was either more eager than the others, or perhaps just more used to anal, as she inserted the toy with nearly as much grace as Tinker herself had.

     By that time all three had the smaller end of their dildo's inserted, and the imagine they created, legs spread with lengthy jelly dongs lewdly dangling, was enough to penetrate Tink's professionalism slightly. She licked her lips, feeling a flush of high arousal beginning to tint her pale skin. She cleared her throat, ignored a knowing looking from Karina, and started teaching again. "Okay. Now that we've got step one complete, the rest is pretty obvious. Which doesn't mean it's easy, sadly." Grasping her dildo, she withdrew it until only three inches were inside her. "The only real tips I can give you at this point are to only keep a minimal amount of the toy insert, I use about three inches, and to clench down gently if you can without pain, it will provide a bit of stability while maneuvering the toy." She bent her toy over, easily aligning it with her core. She paused before inserting. "Also, it should go without saying that you should use lube here as well, if you need it. I'm gene modded for extra natural lubrication, so don't feel you have to try to match me."

     Warning given, Tink pressed the head of the bent toy into her lips, easily taking the modest size despite her own tightness. That extra lubrication mod was awesome. Well, that and she did this a lot. She sank both ends of the dildo in as far as she could, then examined how well the others were doing. Diana and Lily were no surprise, they'd been through this with her in the previous session and both were hilting their own toys as she glanced up at then, Diana letting out a low moan as she did so. Karina was a bit more surprising, she'd beaten everyone but Tink herself, already having the toy buried inside her and now focusing on Diana. Diana noticed the attention and blushed slightly, she likely hadn't meant to let the moan escape. They'd discovered, last time, that she was incredibly responsive to the full feeling the double penetration gave.

     Tink chuckled at the byplay and picked up the thread of her lecture. "The last bit is actually more annoying than you'd think. It can be a bit awkward to manage thrusting the toy, the jelly doesn't give the greatest hand hold. The best thing to do is simply experiment, though I will mention that one of the most effective options is to place the outside portion against a surface, hold it there, and thrust against it." She spun on her wedge, she'd selected it with this in mind and under the padding the surface was just hard enough for the demonstration to work. She leaned forward as far as she could, to give them a view of what she was doing from behind, and used one hand to trap the U of the dildo bend against the wedge. Using the other hand for balance farther up the incline, she slowly lifted herself off the double dildo, biting off a moan of her own at the feeling, then pressed back down. She repeated the motion several more times, then fully impaled herself and spun back around.

     "Alright people, play around with your options for a few minutes. Diana, Lily, I've already helped you, so just enjoy yourself. Karina, I'll help you figure out what works for you." Tink, very regretfully, removed her toy, and moved over to help Karina.

     It took a few minutes to satisfy the woman, she refused to switch to the easier position at first. Once Tinker realized why, she shifted the horny woman's wedge so that she'd get a good view of Diana and Lily working themselves from the new position. She tried not to roll her eyes when she got immediate compliance. She left the older woman to her increasingly eager efforts, moving to check on the other pair. Finding nothing of note with them, aside from the fact that they were both hot and she really wanted to force a few more of the cute noises Diana was making out of her, she reluctantly shifted over to the supply table. She picked up a pair of much stiffer, and somewhat thicker, double-enders and moved back to her instructor's mat.

     She watched for a few moments more, holding the dongs in one hand while she idly played with one pierced nipple. Lily's efforts to keep quiet were failing almost as badly as Diana's now, and Karina wasn't attempting to keep quiet at all. She was tempted to just let them finish, but being worked up would make the next bit smoother. She cleared her throat loudly, "Okay, ladies! You've obviously got this down, time to move on." Diana came back to awareness the most abruptly, blushing hotly as she spotted Karina watching her. Lily merely pouted, and Karina glared at Tinker, prompting Tinker to grin and wink at her. That seemed to throw her off, and she settled down, withdrawing her toy and readjusting herself to face Tinker.

     "Diana, Lily, as you two have agreed to demonstrate this for us, why don't you push your mats together, then lie down as I showed you last time."

     Both girls nodded and readily complied. Diana seemed a tad nervous, but settled down when her smaller partner gently touched her elbow. Once the mats were in place the girls lay nearly crotch-to-crotch, legs spread wide and overlapping. Tinker had taken the time to set one of the firmer dongs aside, and mildly lube both ends of the other. Both girls were visibly dripping, but a little lube was a good policy anyway.
She waved Karina to their other side, and when the woman silently complied Tink knelt to hand the dildo over to Lily, who appeared by far the more comfortable of the two. Once Lily silently took the offered toy Tinker began her lecture, directing her words at Karina. "Now, there are a fairly large number of positions that the double dildo can be used in. The one our volunteers here," she waved and the pair, "are demonstrating, is the easiest for unassisted newbies. Note the leg positioning and the small distance, only about five-inches, that they've left between them. If you're using a truly monstrous toy, rather than the fairly tame twelve-incher we have here, you might need a bit more space, but this is just about perfect for what we have. Lily, if you would insert your end please?"

     Lily nodded and quickly pressed the toy to her slit. She smirked a little and fluttered her eyelashes at the unabashedly starting Karina, then slowly sheathed far more than just her half, stopping at about ten inches. Lily giggled as the older woman licked her lips, then she reversed direction until only half the toy was inside her. Tinker shook her head but grinned a bit at the showboating. "Good, Lily. Now Diana, if you would?"
The other girl was clearly far less comfortable with her audience, but complied fairly swiftly regardless. She grabbed the unattended end of the dildo and shifted her hips to insert it, she got about three inches in, leaving four in her partner and five between them, then looked up at Tinker for instructions.

     "Good. Now, at this point you have two options, but for both of them you want a bit more even of an insertion. If you two would close the gap a bit?" They did, and the ease with which they, silently, ended up with five inches each and two in the middle showed clear evidence of how much they'd been practicing together.  "Perfect. Now, if I remember right, Diana, you had the better muscle control, correct?" The blond nodded and Tink continued. "Good, if you'll tighten down then?" She nodded again and Tinker looked up at Karina. "Often the easiest way to do this is for one girl to clamp down with her vaginal muscles, this will allow them to move with it thrusting in and out of Lily only."

     She motioned for them to start, and the girls began moving. As they came together, pussy's kissing, then drew apart again, the dildo stayed firmly rooted in Diana, the other eight inches repeatedly impaling a softly mewling Lily. Tink was pleased when, after a half dozen thrusts, the switched without needing to be told. She stopped them after they'd flipped twice more. "Now, sadly, this has the downside of been a bit rough on the body without enough pleasure to get off easily. Still fun, but really just a warmup. Once you get a good rhythm you can mostly stop clamping down, only doing so as needed. The only thing to remember is that both of them need to want the other to get off for it to work naturally." She nodded to the girls and they picked up where they left off, only this time they weren't sticking to a pattern of slow thrusts. Instead, they steadily built speed, freely exchanging the dong. Within a dozen thrusts a change came over Diana and she lifted herself with her arms, zoning out as she used the leverage to add a grinding motion and deeper thrusts. Both girls were moaning, panting, and rapidly beginning to glisten with sweat.

     Tink watched silently for a moment, then leaned in to whisper in Diana's ear, wanting to advise her without breaking her trance. "Di, with Lily's build you should lower your angle just a--" Lily cried out on the next thrust, looking surprised at the increased pleasure the sudden change had forced. "There you go, perfect." She smiled and let the two get on with it.

     She grabbed the other dildo, not bothering to lube it. She was soaked, and Karina's juices had been running down her thighs from the moment Lily showed off her talents. Karina resisted moving away from the humping couple, at least until Tink waved the dong in her face. The older woman's eyes lit up and she towed Tink to another pair of mats, these already pressed together. Tinker couldn't help but laugh at the eagerness.

     The older woman just smiled. "Thank what you want, my dear. I haven't gotten any in nearly two weeks!"

     Tink shook her head and quickly stopped the woman from mimicking the pose of the other girls. "You've seen the basics of that pose, and anyone can figure it out with a bit of time. We'll try one of the other options. Normally, I'd work you through both, but with the others a session ahead of you...."

     She nodded happily enough. "Say no more, I'm just glad you let me join late." She spread her arms. "Now, how do you want me?"

     Tink grinned, Karina's easy going nature was the main reason they'd let her join late. That, and the fact that another girl had dropped after the first session. "We'll go with a simple doggy style, get down on your hands and knees, facing away from me." Tink dropped to her own knees, but didn't face away from the other woman yet. Once Karina complied, even arching her back a bit to present her dripping pussy for inspection, Tinker lined the dong up and gently pressed it home.

     Karina moaned lewdly and actively bucked into the thrust, aroused beyond any thought of control. She knew she shouldn't, but Tink couldn't help thrusting a couple of times, delighting in the unforced gasps and groans the woman under her hand let out. She forced herself the stop after a half dozen thrusts, leaving the double dong buried halfway into the woman. She quickly positioned herself to take her own end, backing up to press her dripping slit to the dildo.

     "The easiest way to do this is to just have the second woman reach between her legs and handle the alignment, rather than trying to do it hands-free. Clamp down for a moment, if you can." She suited actions to words, aligning the toy with a hand and sheathing it inside her, backing up to press right into the other woman's ass. There was almost no movement into Karina as she did so, showing the brunette had excellent muscle control. Somehow, Tink wasn't surprised. "Alright, you can release. I could try to walk you through this, but I think we're better off just experimenting."

     She didn't wait for a response, clamping her own muscles down and pulling the dong most of the way out of Karina, then pushing her hips back roughly, fucking the older woman with the toy and setting the tone. Karina let out a happy moan and started awkwardly trying to help. The first few attempts were almost comical, as they always were with newbies. But, surprisingly quickly, Karina got in sync with her and TInk found herself enjoying the experience. She should have called it quits, she could see Diana and Lily had finished and were watching them, but she wanted to cum and knew Karina was damn near desperate for it. She applied her hard-earned skill, angling the dildo for maximum pleasure to the both of them. Karina came within a few more strokes, and clamped down tight on the toy. Tink took full advantage, roughly fucking herself with the rooted toy, angling her thrusts for her own pleasure only. She quickly hit her own peak, tumbling over the edge with a gasp.

     They both collapsed for a few moments, but Tink was back up quickly, Karina not far behind. Tink walked to the supply table, energized by the experience far more than drained. She clapped her hands together. "Well! I'd say that went well. Now, on to the good stuff!" They smiled eagerly back at her.

     She whipped off another cloth, revealing...a trio of metal belts? She chuckled at their puzzled expressions and picked one up. She held it up, folding down a pair of metal strips from inside the belt. The two thin strips ran down from the belt, through where the crotch would rest, and back up to the belt. Despite passing through the crotch, they were clearly designed to sit on either side of the wearer's slit, granting access in much the same way a pair of crotchless panties would. "These are among my absolute favorite two-person toys. Let me show you why."

      She tapped a small control on the side of the belt and it sprang to life with a low hum. A glowing holographic plate appeared first, between the two strips, covering where the wearer's pussy would rest. A hard light cock, quite realistic looking save for its vivid red coloring, jutted out from the plate a few moments later. She turned the belt, showing them that another, somewhat smaller, cock had formed on the inside, obviously intended to penetrate the wearer. "These belts use dozens of small hard light emitters, and they do far more than just mimic a more traditional strap-on." She carefully mimed the motion of a thrust, while still letting them see inside, which took rather a lot of practice. She was gratified to see the realization on their faces as they watched the smaller inside cock grow and shrink with the thrust.

     "I see you all understand. The hard light emitters thrust the internal cock in and out with the exact timing and power of the wearer's own thrusts, effectively allowing them to fuck themselves as well as their partner. More, they can even vibrate, and the system translates motions it can't mimic as appropriate levels of vibration." She grinned and added, "it even does a decent job of translating blowjobs into appropriately powered vibrations, so you can actually get off by your partner blowing the light-cock."

     She could see they were eager to begin, so she cut to the chase. "The major learning curve for this toy rests on the wearer, so I'll act as a receiver for at least one of you. Alternatively, if you all want to try the wearer side, I'm willing to receive for all three of you. Either singly, two at a time if you want to try the blowjobs, or even all three if you're feeling really adventurous. Take a few minutes to discuss it amongst yourselves."

     Karina practically dragged the other two away, and TInk busied herself with double checking the toys. She suspected she knew which option the older woman would try to talk the younger two into, but had no idea if they'd go for it. She was pleasantly surprised when they returned and Karina announced their decision.

     "Get those toys on us and bend over girlie, we're all taking you at once."

     Tink grinned happily. Even most of these groups didn't go for that option, and it was an awesome experience. It wasn't everyday she could get pounded by three-cocks at once, even if they were fake-cocks. Well, she supposed she could, but she didn't. She scooped up all three of the belts and set about showing the girls how to adjust the semi-rigid metal to their differing body types. She mischievously targeted Diana first, not warning her about the automatic "fitting" program that the hi-tech belts used to calibrate the projectors for the wearer. The delightful squeak the girl let out when the belt activated and abruptly penetrated her, thrusting several times, rapidly, and with different sizes and shapes of cock, threatened to shatter what little remained of Tink's professional mask. The only thing that saved her was being torn between maniacal cackling and giggles.

     Once she had them all squared away, a trio of well-lubed eight-inch fake-cocks pointing at her, she swept them over to the mats and gave a quick lecture before the impending lack of ability to speak. "Alright girls. I've gone over the basic operations and minor safety points, so just three last bits. First, as a last note on the toy usage, if you haven't used a strap-on before thrusting may feel awkward at first. It will likely take you a few tries to get a feel for it, so don't worry if you have a comical miscue or three. Second, make sure you don't wipe yourselves out before you each get a chance to experience both a blowjob and penetration. Also, remember that we have another toy to cover tonight, so don't completely run yourselves out of steam. Third, and relating to the previous two, don't worry about me. I'll likely lose it pretty quickly with all three of those monsters making themselves felt, but I've done much more intense things before. I've also got mods that help, so don't be alarmed unless I actually pass out."

     Diana and Lily looked a little nervous about that, but Karina just nodded, she likely had a few of those mods herself. It was a needful warning for them, regardless. Tink had a bit of a hair trigger for climaxes once she got started, and she'd been fully multi-orgasmic even before Ellen modded the heck out of her. With Tinker's full, gleeful consent, of course. Now, she could handle dozens of orgasms chained together, each one stronger than the last. Unfortunately, she lost any actual coherency after the first half dozen, switching to a sort of autopilot. A few previous groups had freaked out, thinking they overdid it, so the warning was important.

     She repeated the warning, making sure they understood, then guided Lily, as the smallest of the three, to the ground. Tinker straddled the girl, able to rest her hands and knees over the smaller girl. She lowered her aching core until the head of Lily's false-cock pressed against her folds. She looked up, grinning as she focused on Karina, knowing she would be the instigator. "Well, what are you waiting for?"

     The older woman smirked and stepped forward, surprisingly choosing to start with Tink's mouth. She shoved her cock forward, nearly whacking Tink in the cheek. "Nothing, girl. Now, suck me!"

     Tink rolled her eyes at the ridiculous line, but started moving to capture the toy anyway. Her eyes popped open and she nearly squeaked in surprise as Lily abruptly thrust up into her, driving deep with her lack of control. Then she moaned as she felt Diana's lubed light-cock pressing firmly into her rosebud. Karina took full advantage of her open mouth, shoving the head of her cock between Tink's lips. Thankfully, she had more control that Lily, but she still pressed right passed Tink's gag reflex, nearly causing her to choke in surprise. Lily pulled out, all the way out in overreaction, and Diana pressed in firmly, slowly filling Tinker's ass with considerably more control than the others. Lily fumbled with her toy, getting in aligned with Tink's pussy again just as Diana fully hilted.

     Trying to ignore the fumbling attempts of her students, TInk took Karina in even farther and started humming, drawing a surprised moan from the older woman as her half of the system matched the deep throat with a thrust and translated the humming as a powerful vibration. Diana began thrusting slowly, seeming already in rough control, and Lily only fumbled once more before managing a jerky rhythm. Tink's eyes tried to roll back in her head, hum turning to lewd moans as their efforts began creating more pleasure than humor.

     Karina grabbed her by her hair and began guiding her mouth. Tink didn't fight it, falling into the sensations as their combined efforts slowly started smoothing out. Her breathing deepened as Lily and Diana managed to fall into a rough counterpoint to one another, one pressing in as the other pulled out, leaving her with a constant full feeling she adored. Karina had withdrawn for a moment to let her breathe, but now the rough hand fisted in her hair slowly forced her to deep throat again, and despite the roughness, she moaned happily around the cock buried in her throat.

     A few thrusts later Lily reached up, pinching Tink's nipples hard and she came for the first time. When they slowed she pulled her mouth free, losing all pretense of professionalism she demanded, "More! Please!" Karina giggled and complied, forcing her fake-cock on Tink again. The combined pace of her students picked up again, and as they mastered the belts more fully the room began filling with surround sound moans. Tink felt the false-cock in her ass twitch and grinned around the one buried in her throat. They only did that as a signal that the wearer had cum. She was only slightly surprised it had been Diana not Karina that peaked first. She was ecstatic when the athletic girl barely slowed for a few thrusts before returning with even greater vigor.

     Tinker came again a few thrusts later and time began to blur. She was pretty sure she came twice more before Diana showed off her strength by leaning forward, roughly grabbing Tink's arms and pulling them behind her back. She howled in climax as the new angle from Lily hit a particularly sensitive spot, then was silenced forcefully as Karina's cock found her mouth again. Her mind hazed, her body doing its best to ride the cock below it while another plowed her from behind. There was a pause where she barely registered them changing positions, their rhythm broken somewhat as they adjusted to new holes, but the hands now using her tits for leverage more than made up for it.

     She didn't know how long it lasted, the incredible pleasure racking her body shutting off her mind. She thought there was another position change, and that her hands were jerking someone off at some point. Eventually, someone signaled an end and a scream of incoherent pleasure was ripped for her as both cocks fucking her sheathed themselves fully, roughly.

     She came back to awareness a bit later, lying propped comfortably on her instructor's wedge. As her mind cleared, her eyes darted around for her students. Oh, good, they were just over at the snack and drink table she'd set up. That would have been what she ordered them to do anyway, they needed to replenish their bodies before they went for round three. She took stock of her body. Nothing more than mild soreness, and that was already fading under the accelerated healing one of her many mods provided. Ironically, that was a military mod she'd had to fuck a senator's son for, back in her wilder days, before Ellen's Delights. She thought her use of it was much better than theirs. She pushed herself up and pattered barefoot over to the others. They forced a drink on her when they spotted her, and she let them worry over her for a few moments, reassuring themselves she was alright. Then she snagged a cookie, and between bites tried to get back to her actual job.

     "Well, that was fun!" They all beamed, laughed and exclaimed in turns. "But we aren't done yet."

     They looked at each other for a few moments. Karina was the one that finally spoke. "Okay, I'll bite. What the hell can top that? We each came at least three or four times, and I completely lost track of the number you had."

     Tinker grinned, readily getting back into lecture mode, she really loved this last toy. "Ah, but that was such a crude thing. This last one is much subtler, and even hotter in its own way." She waved them after her, leading them back to the toy table. She drew the last cloth away with a flourish to reveal...a set of small wafers?

     She let it sink in, then chuckled at their confusion. When their questioning gazes pinned themselves to her she let them in on the secret. "These little beauties." She picked one up and held it out to show them more clearly, though there wasn't a lot to see. "Are neural interfaces, and their effect is...well, perhaps I'll just show one of you." She exaggeratedly sized them up, but had already picked out Lily as the happy medium earlier.

     She stepped around the girl, holding her still with a hand to the shoulder. Though she was obviously confused, she held position as Tinker swept her long hair out of the way. She pressed the small wafer to the base of her skull, right at the top of the spine. There was a small "ding" noise, then nothing. She returned to the table, reveling in their bemused expressions, and repeated the procedure on herself. She could see a dawning realization in Karina's eyes and acted quickly, before she could completely make the connection. Tink slapped herself on the ass, hard.

     Lily squealed, jumping half a foot in the air before nearly falling into Diana. "What the fuc--!"

     Tink cut her off by pinching her own nipples.

     Lily jerked again, hands darting to her breasts, like someone had touched them with a live wire.

     Tinker grinned. "I'm sure you're all getting it now. They link the nervous system of the people wearing them. Anything I do to myself, she can feel." She rubbed a nipple with one hand, and lowered the other to lightly tease her clit. Lily moaned in response.

     "Of course, it goes both ways."

     Lily tentatively pinched one of her own nipples and Tink groaned happily, leaning into the ghost sensation.

     "In some ways these are the penultimate sex toy. While your linked you can feel two of everything. That makes them much better than even our previous fun, as you could theoretically both get tripled-fucked like I was, and feel the effects multiplied by two."

     Diana's eyes had glazed and Karina let out a low whistle. Lily was too busy mischievously playing with her clit, to Tink's pleasure. Wanting to sell them on the toys even further, they were one of Tink's personal favorites after all, she added, "They have pretty good range too, and can even be hooked up to the exonet if you don't mind the expense. So you can play with a friend or lover across the galaxy." She grinned, eyes crackling with humor. "Or perhaps play with them while their trying to shop. The echo stimulator is almost unlimited in its fun possibilities."

     Karina was sold, she was almost vibrating in glee as she demanded, "Then what the hell are we waiting for?"

     Tink smirked and scooped up another wafer, motioning the woman to turn around. She complied immediately, and with a press and a small "ding" she was connected. She immediately gasped in surprise as she felt Lily's efforts. "Oh, yeah. I may have forgot to mention...they can be hooked up in a net of up to four people. Just perfect for us."

     They gaped at her as what she'd just said sunk it, and she took the momentary halt on Lily's part to step around Diana, attaching the last wafer. As a wickedly grinning Karina started to move she cleared her throat. "Wait a moment." She ignored the frown leveled at her and pulled a large chest out from under the toy table. She popped it open and Karina immediately lost her frown, eyes going wide.

     The chest was filled with well-organized sex toys of all shapes sizes and types. Tink smirked, grabbed her pre-prepared set of favorites and darted past them to her wedge. She called out over her shoulder, "You can use whatever you want in there. Better hurry up though, you might not be able to stand much longer." She giggled as she flopped down and armed herself with a slim vibe. She flicked it on, applied it to her clit, and basked in their simultaneous yelps.

     She had worked herself into a nice pleasant buzz by the time Diana half-stumbled her way to her own wedge, clutching a pair of vibes in one hand, lube and nipple clamps in the other. TInk enjoyed the bite as the other girl fastened the clamps on herself, smiling at the new yelp coming from Lily behind her. Karina joined them, much steadier than Diana and unphased by the pinching feeling of the clamps. Tink raised her eyebrows in pleased surprise as she realized why Karina hadn't come from the same direction as Diana. She had a glass full of ice from the refreshment table. It didn't take her long to settle and start tracing the ice around her nipples. It made a fascinating contrast with the sharp bite from Diana's metal clamps. It actually made Tinker wonder what would happen if a third person used candle wax for heat. Amazingly, she'd never thought to try.

     A shaky legged Lily joined them, glaring lightly at all three of them. They smirked back unrepentantly, even Diana. She scowled, then her expression shifted to predatory as she settled and drew a rather large, ridged, glass anal plug from behind her. Diana's eyes widened but Tink and Karina just laughed. She pouted outrageously at their response, but followed through on her implied threat regardless, lubing the impressive plug and slowly working it into herself.

     Tink groaned and mewled at the deliciously full feeling. That plug was one even she'd have hesitated a moment to tackle, and the sensation was exceptional. That very little pain was broadcast told her a lot about the other girl's anal expertise. Deciding to up the ante, she let her vibe, by now well lubed with her juices, drift to her own puckered entrance. She easily inserted its slim length, then ramped up the power, showing off the reason it was on her favorites list. It was ridiculously potent for its size.

     Even Lily reacted to the new sensation. For all her apparent experience, the ghost feeling of a second penetration, not to mention the powerful buzzing feeling, clearly threw the girl. Her eyes dilated and TInk grinned in anticipation. She was rewarded a second later as first Lily shuddered, then Karina and Diana cried out as they peaked in response, joined by Tinker herself. She may have forgotten to mention to them that the neural link would broadcast their climaxes as well.

    She didn't give the other girls time to process what had just happened, plunging two fingers inside herself with one hand, and thrusting the anally impaled vibe with the other. Lily howled, she'd gotten the echo of their peaks and had been right on the cusp of another. Her second orgasm crashed through them, but Tink didn't let up, adding a third finger to her still convulsing cunt and ratcheting the vibe up to max. Karina mauled both her tits, and Diana mewled as she slammed her fingers desperately into her own core.

     Tink smiled predatorily. That was the other reason she loved this toy. Groups ended up in a vicious cycle until someone passed out or the link was cut. As her mind started to haze again she reached for a realistic looking ten-inch dildo.
 
     The action was the last thought complete thought she had until Ellen woke them in the morning. All three girls signed up for another class.

###

Authors Note: If you enjoyed my story, check out my new erotic novel "Freedom in the Sky," available on Amazon or Smashwords. You can also get updates on my work, including information on new Free releases (Like the rest of this 6-part series) on my Facebook Page.

Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01BHDLANY?*Version*=1&*entries*=0
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/612869
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Jaylee-Coglin-210793212603170/