Birthday Girl in Her Birthday Suit
byMatthewVett©

I stood inches away from the lake, water gently lapping at my toes as I clenched and unclenched my toes, savoring the feeling of the mud against my skin. A warm breeze blew. The stars shone brilliantly across the sky. I stood on a small plain of mud, hidden from the outside world by a dense crescent of trees.

Next to me, resting on the thick roots of a nearby tree, lay my clothes and a towel. Breathing deeply, my arms clasped to my body, I was trying to psyche myself up. I wore nothing but an exuberant smile and a silver cross necklace.

I took yet another look around, making absolutely certain I was alone. The water was calm. The air was silent. Not even a shadow stirred in the night. Even from here, the center of the lake was nearly invisible in the darkness. Slowly, timidly, I pulled my arm away from my breasts and my hand away from my crotch, until finally, I stood completely exposed. I let out a deep sigh, the sum of all my worries and fears.

It felt...freeing.

I took my first tentative step into the lake, my grin beaming. I was really doing it! I was really skinny dipping! The water enveloped me as I waded deeper and deeper into the lake. Cool, wet pressure surrounded me, almost caressing me. I gasped quietly as the water reached my crotch, a sudden icy surprise, but I continued onward.

I was amazed at my own bravery. I hadn't been sure I would really have the courage to try this, but I had surprised and impressed even myself. I didn't even like to be seen in my underwear, not even by my roommate Katie, and here I was, naked as a jaybird, skinny dipping! I giggled loudly. This had been such a great idea! I had been planning it for weeks, cancelling and rescheduling over and over as my courage ebbed and flowed, until finally, tonight, I had cast caution to the wind and decided to seize the day with both hands! Wouldn't Katie be proud of me? And she had said I wouldn't have the guts to try it... Hadn't I shown her!

My toes left the lakebed as I pushed myself off into the water and began to lazily swim towards the center of the large lake. From here, I could just barely see the shore. Scintillating constellations shown overhead, stars twinkling their messaged of "congratulations" and "happy birthday" across the light-years to little old Emily Fischer.

I felt so free, so comfortable, so natural and primal and just so...right! I couldn't believe I had chained myself to bikinis and swimsuits for so long! How much money had I wasted on decorative irritants? I had never felt so good swimming before! The water against my bare flesh was heavenly, invigorating, euphoric! My spirits soared as I paddled across the black water, giggling ecstatically at these new sensations. I was absolutely giddy, reveling in this novel experience.

I lay on my back and watched the night sky, moving only enough to keep myself buoyant. I was completely alone. Only the quiet buzzing of dragonflies broke the otherwise total silence. The water of the lake held me with the gentleness of a tender lover. I was completely at peace. Maybe this birthday was still salvageable, even if my friends had apparently forgotten about it entirely.

Eventually, I felt satiated. The water was amazing, but nevertheless, I had a warm bed waiting for me at home. I slowly swam towards the shore, and waded into the small grove where I had hidden my clothes. My nipples hardened in the night air once I left the water behind. Goosebumps erupted along my limbs as I skipped to shore, my cross bouncing against my collarbone, still giddy from my au naturalswim.

I walked over to where I had left my clothes, and stopped. I looked around. I double checked that I had the right tree. Where are they? Where are my clothes?! They couldn't have gone far, they don't have legs.

Alright! Alright, it's dark out, maybe I just missed them. I'm going to close my eyes, and take a deep breath, and count to three, and they'll be right here. One...two...three... And...?! Darn it! Darn, dang, gosh, golly, damn! Where are they?!

I was hyperventilating. I clenched my fists rhythmically and focused on my breathing, trying to calm myself down. Maybe I just came out of the wrong part of the lake... Yeah, that must be it! I had gotten mixed up while swimming and came out someplace new. But if I wanted to go search for my clothes, I'd have to leave my little sheltered enclave...

I cursed into the night.

I peeked out from behind the trees. I was still alone, so far as I could tell. Huddled over, futilely trying to cover my breasts and pussy from any potential voyeurs, I waddled along the shore line, studying the tree line for any hint of my clothes. Nothing...nothing...nothing...shit!

My clothes were gone. Just...gone.

What was I going to do now? I couldn't stay here, someone would come down eventually. Besides, I had church tomorrow morning. I hadn't brought my cell phone, so at least that hadn't gotten stolen, but I couldn't call for help either.

Suddenly, a terrible thought struck me.

What if whoever had taken my clothes had been watching me? What if they were still here? Then again, they might not have seen me in the water. Besides, they'd have to be nearby to see me at all tonight, and I couldn't see or hear anything. I covered my body reflexively. Standing as still as possible, I surveyed the area around me, but I couldn't detect anyone. Why had they taken it, then? Just for laughs? Just to see what would happen? Maybe they had just really needed some clothes and had thought mine were abandoned...

Whatever, it didn't matter now. I just had to get home. Once I was there, I'd be safe. But that meant I'd have to make my way back across campus...alone...at night... naked.

You know, maybe there were enough berries and stuff around the lake that I could just live here forever instead, you know? Become a hermit, wait until my hair grew to Godiva-esque lengths and I could get back home with my modesty intact...

It was a thought, right?

A branch snapped in the darkness.

Who was there?!

I started, my heart pounding like a taiko drum team until a sharp pain in the sole of my foot made me realize that it had just been me. I lifted up my foot to examine it, revealing two small fragments of branch beneath. After my heartbeat returned to normal, I realized I couldn't stay here any longer, not if I didn't want my heart to explode.

I'd have to risk it.

I took a moment to plan out my route in my head. I was pretty sure I could swing it and make it all the way back to my apartment building without getting caught. I crossed myself, kissed my necklace for luck, took a deep breath, and stepped out from the trees.

I didn't bother trying to cover my body. I wanted to focus on staying hidden and being aware of my surroundings, and I'd rather someone catch a glimpse from a distance than I bump into someone unexpectedly. I slinked through the trees surrounding the lake, keeping my ears perked for any sudden noises, a difficult task with my heart pounding so loudly.

I crept from tree to tree, scouting ahead from each hiding place, staying low to the ground as I scuttled to safety. At every sound I froze, trying to locate its source, feeling like a hunted animal, prey to any predator that might come across me in my defenseless state. What would I do if someone caught me? No, no...better not to even think about it... No sense in worrying myself over something that wouldn't happen, right?

From the darkness came a giggle. Crap... I paused, listening for the source. Voices were approaching, getting louder. I frantically searched around me for some sort of covering, but there were only trees. I could try to get away from them, but they might hear me, or worse, see me... I could hide behind a tree, but if they walked past me, I'd be exposed... I could head back to the lake, but I'd lose all my progress and have to start all over...

An idea bubbled up past my fears and worries. I could go up! Above me were the sturdy, leafy branches of an ancient tree. I scampered up its trunk, climbing into the branches as I tried unsuccessfully to protect my most sensitive spots from the rough bark. I silently thanked my older brothers for always losing their Frisbee in our trees and forcing me to go up and get it as a kid. That training had finally paid off. I was in the middle of climbing onto an even higher branch when a couple appeared below me at the base of the tree.

I froze. I had managed to find a good spot to rest in. I was high enough off the ground and the leaves were dense enough that I was unlikely to be seen unless somebody was looking directly up at me. But I couldn't move without making any noise, and now I was trapped spread-eagled between the branch below me and the branch above. My arms and legs were spread. I had no way of even hiding myself should one of them look up at me. If I tried to take one of my hands down from the branch above, I might lose my balance.

I tried to breathe as silently as I could, praying that they couldn't hear my heartbeat pounding in my bare chest. I watched as beneath me, the guy took the girls' hands in his and raised them up over her head. He pressed her against the tree and kissed her lips, her cheeks, her neck. I felt like a voyeur watching them, but if I closed my eyes, I might miss a chance to escape. I decided I had to keep watching them.

She giggled as he nuzzled her neck and pressed himself against her body. "Matthew!" she cooed. "What are you doing? We're in public..." She gently pushed him away from her.

"So? There's no one around," he reasoned. "Besides, haven't you ever wanted to mess around outside?" His hands reached up under her blouse. Her head tilted back as she surrendered to his touch.

"But what if someone sees us?"

"Who's going to see, Lily?"

"I don't know..." she murmured.

His hands reached down to his pants. I watched, eyes open in shock, as he unzipped his fly and pulled out his manhood. It was enormous! I had never seen one before, not in real life, not just, out like that! Were they all that big? I bit my lower lip, trying to keep myself from gasping over the scene beneath me. My crotch began to warm as I continued to watch them.

"Matthew, put that away," she laughed.

"Just a quick blowjob... If we hear anyone coming, we can zip it up and no one will know... Come on, I know you want to. Your nipples are pebble-hard... I bet you're absolutely soaking through those little pink panties of yours, aren't you?"

She reached down and gingerly took his cock into her hands, slowly stroking it. He moaned softly. "Well...I guess it'd be alright..." She looked around for any voyeurs, failing to look up. I shouldn't watch...should I? It didn't hurt anyone, right? Besides, they were in public. It was their own fault if they got caught...

They traded positions, so that now he was against the tree trunk. She got down onto her knees, brushed her hair out of her face, and began to lick the length of his long shaft. Was she really going to fit that into her mouth? It looked too big to handle, but she deftly wrapped her lips around his cock and began to bob her head back and forth as he loudly moaned into the night.

I wondered whether I would be able to fit that inside my own mouth... Would I be able to wrap my lips around something so big? What did it feel like to have a man's hard dick inside my mouth? What did it taste like? Without realizing it, I noticed that I had formed my own mouth into a wide "O" as I watched the girl beneath me suck his cock, my mouth going through my motions that my mind was imagining. My pussy was tingling, dewing with moisture.

She sucked his cock passionately, as though she were absolutely in love with it, her mouth and tongue caressing it lovingly. His hands rested on her shoulders. Both of them moaned and groaned. How long could he last? My arms were beginning to feel the strain of supporting me. What if I fell? What would they do?

"I'm gonna cum, Lily," he groaned.

She took his cock out of her mouth. It glistened with her hot saliva. "Cum on my face, Matthew. Do it!" she told him, furiously stroking his cock with her right hand, aiming it at her smiling face, her eyes looking up at his. I was entranced by the scene beneath me. She kept coaxing his cock, encouraging him to cum on her face. Her hand was a blur, moving back and forth rapidly. I clenched my thighs, squeezing them together, trying to silence the loud urges coming from my body.

He groaned loudly. His knees buckled. Amazed, I watched as his cock spasmed, gushing thick, white streams onto her eagerly awaiting face. I almost lost my grip before recovering from my surprise. Oh my...w-was that what happened when a guy came? There was so much of it... Again and again, his cock spurted onto her. Liquid ivory dribbled down her face. A quiet mewl escaped my lips, but they were too distracted to notice.

"Mmmm, thanks, babe..."

"My pleasure..." She licked her lips, and used her finger to collect as much of his cum as she could before suckling her finger clean. "I just love how you taste..."

She got back onto her feet and kissed him deeply. The two of them, now satisfied, walked hand-in-hand towards their destination. After a minute or so, I felt safe enough to climb back down. My pussy was still buzzing. I felt a slight stab of moisture on the sole of my foot. I looked down. A few drops of his cum dotted the ground. For a brief moment, I imagined tasting it, but I couldn't from the dirt. She had loved the taste...would I? I wondered what my first blowjob would be like...

I made my way out of the woods without running into anyone else. Now I was on the campus proper. I was glad that finals weren't for another few weeks, or else there would have been many more students out and about this late, returning home from the library. Fortunately for me, the campus was nearly empty. Unfortunately, it was also much better lit.

I stuck to the quads, shunning the walkways. From time to time, I came across a loan student, making their way home from somewhere. I lay in the grass, or hid behind whatever covering was available. They used the paths, so I saw them long before they could see me, and I had an advantage. At one point, two men passed by me just a few feet away from where I was lying on the other side of a row of hedges, completely naked. Had one of them taken just a single step closer to examine the bushes, there was no doubt I would have been caught.

The idea of getting caught was beginning to excite me, though. I wondered what they might make me do. Would they force me to give them a blowjob, like the couple in the woods had done? Would they cum onto my face, their hot seed dripping down my body? I quivered in the darkness, my quiet perversions warming my body in the spring night as their footsteps passed by me.

Once again, silence reigned. Slowly, I raised myself up to survey the area. It was clear: time to move.

I felt feral running barefoot across the grass at night, almost completely nude, only my cross marring my otherwise perfect nakedness. I felt like a werewolf, like a primal being of nature. I was exhilarating, and for a brief while, I almost forgot my predicament completely, lost in the freeing sensation on streaking across campus unseen.

Voices!

I froze. Where were they coming from, and where could I hide? I was almost at the edge of campus, away from the large, poorly lit quads that dominated central campus. It was too bright here: I couldn't just lie down in the grass. There were no easy hiding spots for me. It sounded like they were coming from the south... Frantically, my eyes jumped from spot to spot, judging its potential.

No...no...no...maybe as a last resort...no...aha!

A set of stairs leading up to the side of one of the building gave me a small enclave in which I could hide. I wedged myself into the corner facing away from the path, and waited, listening as the voices came closer and closer to me. I wished I could get a look at them, but I didn't dare risk it. If one of them saw me...

Cold brick dug into my back. I quieted my breathing as much as I could. I was only a few feet away from being visible. Just a single corner stood between me and them, between me and total humiliation as any number of strange men saw my naked body. I pressed my hand to my breast, trying to calm my heart before it somersaulted out of my chest.

Their steps came closer, their voices discussing a party they had apparently just come from. Just keep walking, I whispered. I was so close to home... And they were so close to me...

Their footsteps stopped. From their voices, they were only a few yards from me, right on the other side of the wall separating us. Why had they stopped? Did they know I was there? Goosebumps spread across my body. The hair on my neck and arms pointed straight up. I readied myself to sprint away as best I could if they did come over to me.

"Come on, let's go. What's the holdup?"

"Hold on, I dropped my lucky coin. Help me look for it."

"Shit, really? You're such a fucking klutz. Why are you even messing around with it while walking? Just get a new one. I will give you a new quarter if we can just go home right now."

"This one is lucky. Shut up and help. As soon as we find it, we can head back."

"Fine."

Just my luck... And I couldn't even scream my frustrations aloud! Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed something glint. My breath caught in my chest. Noooooo...no no no...

It was. It was a quarter. And it was just a few feet away from me.

Could I try to push it closer to them with my toe? Unlikely. They were bound to see my leg if I tried. Could I get away? Maybe, but if they came near the quarter, they'd be more likely to see me if I left my corner. I'd have to hide and hope.

"Just give it up, it's a quarter."

"No way, man! Right after I got that quarter, that cute barista agreed to go out with me."

"...the redhead with the epic tits?"

"You got it!"

"Well, fuck, why didn't you say so? I'd have been looking a lot harder."

I looked down at my own chest. Were mine epic? I grimaced and gave them a tentative squeeze, pushing them up a bit. They looked ample enough to me. What would they think if they saw them now? Would they stare? Were my tits good enough to look for a quarter over?

I shook my head furiously. Why was I thinking this? I didn't want them to see my breasts...did I? No one ever had before, but...maybe it'd be nice if someone did. Would he describe them as "epic" to his friends? I bit my lip, lost in thought.

"Hey, is that it?"

"Yes!"

He scrambled towards me. I wished I could melt into the wall. I backed myself as deeply into the corner as I could, covering myself lamely with my slender arms, clutching my necklace and praying that he wouldn't look left as he grabbed his coin.

His hand appeared from behind the wall. His arm and head soon followed. Time stood still as he slowly reached for the coin. His grip failed. He tried again and failed. Just pick it up! I wanted to yell. His fingers finally gripped the coin's edges securely, and he retreated. My lungs burned. I suddenly realized I was instinctively holding my breath, but I didn't dare let it out yet. Not with him still so close.

"I found it!"

"Awesome. Now let's go, I'm starving."

"Sure thing."

Their voices drifted off. I let out a deep breath. I had made it. I waited another minute or two for them to get far enough away before leaving my hiding place and continuing my trek across campus.

After another few minutes, I reached the edge of campus. Across the street stood my familiar apartment building. I only had one last barrier to cross: the road. There was no way around it. I would have to cross the well-lit road before I could get home.

I crouched down behind a large blue mailbox, safely away from the streetlights. Cars came singly and in pairs erratically, but never leaving a large enough gap for me to run through without being spotted. I couldn't just wait here forever, either. Eventually someone else would approach me and I'd be caught with nowhere safe to go.

I made a decision. If I didn't get a chance in the next sixty seconds, I would make a break for it. Sixty, fifty-nine, fifty-eight...

The cars kept coming. I had enough gaps to make it across if I sprinted, but I'd be caught in their headlights, completely exposed before them.

Thirty-two, thirty-one, thirty... A bus pulled up the curb only a dozen yards away from me. An obviously inebriated couple got out, and began to stagger towards me, giggling loudly. I cringed behind the mailbox, contorting myself into a fetal position, hoping they might miss me in their drunken state.

Nine, eight, seven... Still I had no clear shot, but the couple was getting closer and closer. In another few seconds they would be on top of me. I was out of options.

I scanned the road. I could make it across if I went right now, but I might be seen by a coming car. I had to do it.

"Whoa, what the hell?!" cried the man as I suddenly stood up and ran across the street. I didn't bother turning back to see he and his friend's reaction. I couldn't slow down. A car to my left beeped its horn at me loudly as its lights illuminated my nude flesh. I kept going. I made it across the last lane into the parking lot and stumbled to a landing in between two parked cars at the far end of the lot, almost hidden in the darkness.

I looked behind me. No one had followed me. The car had kept driving, its passengers with a new story to tell over dinner. Hopefully the drunken couple wouldn't even remember me in the morning. My heart was pounding. I couldn't believe I had been seen!

My cheeks burnt. My chest was flushed red. My whole body was shaking; my legs were barely strong enough to keep me upright. I only wanted to collapse into my bed and slip into unconsciousness, leaving this day behind forever.

What if the driver had been someone I knew? A classmate, or worse, a professor? Would they recognize me without my clothes on? I hoped not, but at the same time...

At the same time...it felt like electricity was coursing through my nerves. I clenched my legs together, trying to drive away the tingling in my crotch, the warmth in my pussy, the moistness I could even now feel between my lips. Just the thought of someone I personally knew seeing me naked against my will...I began to suspect not all of the heat in my cheeks was from embarrassment. I swallowed, and focused.

Finally! I had done it! I had reached my apartment building. Only now did I realize that the hardest part was still before me. My key had been in my pocket, and who knew where that was now... But Katie was home! Or at least, I hoped she was. She hadn't indicated she was going to go anywhere that night. I prayed she was still awake.

First, though, I had to get to my door. From across the parking lot, I peered through the front door. The hallway looked empty. The elevator sat near the entrance, beckoning me onwards. But once I was inside, I was trapped. If I got into the elevator, and someone else got in, I had nowhere to go. Would the stairs be safer? But then I'd be just as exposed, for longer, and I'd make more noise... No, I'd try the elevator.

My teeth tingled as I watched and waited. Nobody appeared. It looked safe. I made a break for it.

I ran across the parking lot as fast as I could barefoot, ignoring the bits of gravel stinging against my feet. For over a hundred excruciating feet, I was completely exposed beneath the lights, visible to anyone who glanced over. I reached the door, threw it open, and flung myself into the hallway. My lungs burned. My heart thundered. But I had made it. Now for the next step.

I pressed the elevator button, slamming my finger down as fast as I could over and over. Come on, come on, come on... I was completely naked in the hallway, nowhere to run, nowhere to hide, should somebody come out of the laundry room or decide they wanted a late-night soda. Move faster, elevator...faster...

The elevator dinged. The door opened.

It was empty.

Thank you, God. I slipped in, hit the button for the fifth floor, and began pounding the "close doors" button. A door opened somewhere in the hallway. I pressed myself into a corner, trying to hide myself from view.

"Hold the door!" a deep, male voice called out as footsteps ran towards me. The doors closed with glacial slowness. Unable to do anything else, I continued to furiously press the elevator button, hoping I'd win the race.

The doors shut. I could hear him fiddling with the buttons on his side, but I kept the "close doors" button pressed firmly, and soon, the elevator began to rise. I let out a deep sigh, and relaxed. That had been too close... Sweat was beading on my forehead and breasts. My legs were trembling. What would I have done if I had been caught naked in an elevator, alone with a strange man? What would he have done?

A cheery ding brought me out of my thoughts. I was on the fifth floor. The doors opened ominously. I stuck my head out. The left was clear... The right was clear... Covering my breasts and crotch, I darted out and sprinted down the hallway to my apartment. Torn between the need for Katie to hear me and the desire for no one else to, I knocked half-heartedly, but rapidly, hoping to get her attention quickly. She usually watched television on her laptop until late. I hoped she was doing so tonight.

I heard shuffling behind the door. "Katie? It's Emily! Open up, quick, I forgot my key!" I nervously spoke as loud as I dared.

"Emily?! Be right there!"

Thank goodness she was awake! My nightmare was finally almost over. All I had to do was make it inside... I was too exposed in the hallway, covered only by my own arms. Anyone could see everything right now, my breasts, my thighs, my ass, even my pussy was only half-hidden.

The door creaked open. I hurriedly pushed my way into the darkened apartment. "Thank you so much, Katie! I've had the worst night! You would not believe-"

The lights turned on.

"Surprise! Happy Birthday!" cheered a chorus of voices.

A large cake sat on the kitchen table, surrounded by wrapped gifts.

Above the table, a colorful banner read, "Happy Birthday, Emily!"

Scattered throughout the apartment were over a dozen of my friends, now staring in shock at me, naked, in the middle of the room. Gasps rang out, quickly followed by a quiet susurrus of whispers. I felt like a deer in the headlights, too paralyzed with shame and surprise to even cover my bare breasts and pussy from their eyes. I felt the heat of their stares of lust, of shock, of judgment against my body.

So, I realized with a wry smile, they hadn't forgotten my birthday, after all...


