Rita Shows Off
by Bakeboss

Couple keeps getting more daring with public sex.

I think I was the luckiest boy in the world to have Rita as my girlfriend. I'll never forget the first time I talked to her, we were both living on the same floor of one of the new co-ed dorms on campus. I was waiting to get into the shower as she was coming out wrapped only in a towel. I made a comment, I thought to myself, about wishing she would trade towels with me, as mine was much smaller. She heard me, turned, and came over to me and I thought that now I was in big trouble but all she said was OK I'll trade you then she pulled her towel off leaving her naked in the hall. I know I was staring open mouthed at her but it didn't seem to bother her, I told her I was sorry for being such a jerk. She smiled then said,

"If you were really a gentleman you'd offer me your robe, not your little towel."

Just like that, I took off my robe and held it so she could put her arms in it, of course, now it was I standing naked in the hall. She stared at my stiffening erection and invited me to her room saying I could shower later. In the boldest move I'd ever seen in a woman she grabbed my hard on and led me to her room with it. To tell the truth I was now so excited I no longer cared who witnessed my nakedness and yet I was still surprised that her roommate was sitting at her desk when we went in.

With my throbbing erection, still in her hand, she started to introduce me to her roomie and then realized she didn't know my name. At the time I thought it odd that I was be handled by a girl who not only didn't know me she didn't care. She said this is Dick holding up my hard on, and I corrected her saying my name was Jack, she then said she was talking about my penis not me. As for the roommate she casually gave my nakedness the once over and then went back to her studying. My new friend pushed me on her bed and then still wearing my robe, she mounted me shoving my erection bare and unprotected deep inside her cunt. We fucked as the roommate seemed to pay us no mind and although I know I came too soon my new friend said it was very satisfying. She sat astride me with my wilting cock still inside her, she finally told me her name was Rita and I reintroduced myself as Jack. This was the most exciting sex I had ever experienced in my life and I wanted it never to stop. We spent the rest of the day in her room and naked as her roomie came and went completely ignoring us. I have to admit I was absolutely enthralled with Rita and her sexuality, this woman was relaxed with her body doing whatever she wanted with it.

Rita was not the kind of woman you'd see pictures of in a magazine, not that you'd call her fat just maybe pudgy. She didn't seem to care about shaving too much either often going days between shaves producing stubble in her armpits and legs and believe me with her dark hair it really showed. She was always in open blouses and short skirts with a little muffin top of fat on top. She was letting everybody get a chance to see what color panties she was wearing and she enjoyed this as much as the viewers did. Even though we were sleeping together, I also wanted to get a peek up her skirt, I guess because it felt so naughty.

When I heard of the naked beach on the backside of the lake, I invited Rita to spend the day there and she loved the idea. It was a nice warm day and there were many people there although most were dirty old men. We took our clothes off and lay on towels Rita on her back with her legs splayed to show off all of her. I had such a hard on I had to lie on my stomach and she teased me and called me poor baby. I looked between her legs to see her rubbing her clit; it was so hot I thought I might cum right then.

"Jackie baby, would you do something for me?"

"Sure Rita I'd do anything for you."

"Oh you're such a good boy, crawl over here lick me, and I'm so horny I can't stand it."

I started to balk I couldn't do that in front of everybody on the beach but as I watched her spread her lips open to present her clit for me I couldn't turn her down and I just buried my face in her twat. Her moaning got louder and louder and there was no doubt, as to what we were doing but as she got close to cumming I no longer cared who watched and I sucked her clit until she came with a scream.

As I look back on those days with Rita, I see her taking us farther and farther down the road of exhibitionism. I realize it now it's like a drug as it starts with just a flash of panties that turns her on but soon she wants to show off what's under those panties and then on to dangerous sex acts in public. That whole semester was nothing but a blur of overt acts of public sex and although I was merely there because of her I too enjoyed it immensely. Sadly, it's the risk that's a turn on and when you take risks, you take a chance of being caught. As for us, we were caught having sex in the bleachers at a football game by a network camera and though it wasn't broadcast a copy was sent to the dean and we were easily identified. We were both suspended and while I was almost arrested for indecent exposure I wasn't, they just sent me home in shame, she became a local hero and ended up with a web site.

Without Rita, I've lost my need for risky sex and now years later I'm just your average Joe with sex in the bedroom with nobody watching but my wife and me. Still when I think back to those days, my dick gets hard and I thank the gods above for the pleasure of meeting Rita, sexy Rita.
