I love all the women I make love with. That's pretty self-evident because I couldn't make love with someone I didn't love. I could have sex with her, but that wouldn't be the same as making love. I don't mean that I love them in a romantic way; I mean that I love them in a caring and sharing way. If one of the women were to ask me who is my favorite, I would say that she is. That would be completely true, because she would be my favorite, at least at that moment. Outside of that, I try not to have a favorite, but if I absolutely had to name one, it would be Sunita. It seems like we almost have contests in seeing which of us can give the other the most pleasure, and when we have these contests, we both win.

I met Sunita thorugh Internet & after almost 30 days of exchanging mails we finally decided to meet. Anita suggested that we at a Restaurant we had a few drinks and chatted amiably between ourselves and with other people at the bar and had a fine time. She was beginning to give me "come on" signs such as crossing her legs and touching my leg to let me know without a doubt that she was available. When she suggested that I drop her I knew that I was going to get lucky.

We arrived at her apartment which was very nice but not fancy and she opened some beer. I sat on the couch and she sat in a chair to my left. This was getting me aroused. She excused herself to go to the bathroom when she returned I asked her to sit on the couch with me which she did. It wasn't two seconds It wasn't two seconds before we were in each other's embrace and kissing and biting furiously this was exciting. we walked arm in arm to the bedroom and resumed kissing. I unbuttoned her blouse and helped her out of it and she did the same with my shirt. The bra was next and I unhooked it while she was holding the cups in place. Then she turned around, facing me, and pulled her bra off, revealing firm, shapely breasts with large nipples. I bent down and cupped one in either hand and kissed them until Sunita reached down, unfastened my pants and pulled them down around my ankles. I stepped out of my pants, wearing only my undershorts. We lay on the bed, me in my shorts and Sunita wearing her Petticoat.

She started by kissing me firmly on my mouth, forcing her tongue through my lips where it caressed mine. She kissed me on both eyes and the pulse spots on my temples and then down my throat. I raised my chin to allow her mouth to go where it wanted. Sunita kissed her way down to my chest and lightly nipped both of my nipples with her teeth, then licked them with her healing tongue, and continued to kiss and lick her way down until her tongue was coiled in my navel. After she reached that point, Sunita asked me to remove her Petticoat, which I gladly did. I was smiling contentedly and sighing in pleasure. I told Sunita how much I was enjoying what she was doing. She smiled back and told me she would be doing a lot more than that. As I removed her Peticoat I kissed her legs, as close to her crotch as I could reach. I told her I would be kissing her a whole lot more than that, and in a lot more places when it was my turn

Wearing only her panties she straddled me, squeezed her breasts together and began to massage me with her nipples in the same places where she had been kissing me. This included rubbing her big, sensitive nipples against my small, less sensitive ones. This time, when she reached my undershorts, she removed them and my cock, which had been rigid for some time, sprang loose. Sunita smiled at it, took it gently in her hand, kissed the tip and licked the hole at the end. I sighed with pleasure and told Sunita how much I was enjoying her attentions. It was not really necessary to say that because she could already tell from the rigidity of my cock.

"Turn over", she said, so I did. Sunita straddled my back and started massaging my shoulders with her talented hands. She worked her way down to my ass then went over the same areas with her even more talented breasts. I was really enjoying the sensation of her nipples rubbing all over me and I told her so. "Spread your legs" she told me and, after I did, Sunita put her thumbs inside my asscheeks, to either side of my hole, and massaged this very private area. Again, her hand massage was followed by a nipple massage. By this time, her nipples were fully erect and she pressed them firmly into my asscheeks. It seemed impossible but I believe my cock got even harder when she did this to me. Then she told me to turn over again.

As I lay on my back, my cock stuck up like a flagpole. except that it was throbbing. Sunita smiled, held it gently in her hands, kissed it again, licked the hole again and knelt beside me. She told me to remove her panties and I was very glad to turn sideways, hook my fingers into the waistband and pull them down to her knees. The sight of her beautiful pussy with the soft black pubic hair made me even more aroused, if such a thing could be possible. Sunita leaned over me and I kissed both of her thighs. I could tell she was almost as aroused as I because of the flush on her chest, her wet panties and the smell and sight of the pussy juices flowing down her legs. The taste of the juices too, because I licked up what I could while I was kissing her thighs. Next, she stood up and stepped out of her panties and we were equally naked. Then she got back on the bed, straddling my legs, and took my cock in her hands, rubbing the tip against her lovely clit. The tip of my cock slipped into her sopping wet pussy and she stayed in that position for a long minute.

Lubricating juices were running down my cock from Sunita's pussy and soaking into my trimmed pubic hair. Slowly, she lowered herself onto me and my cock slipped easily the rest of the way into her pussy. I was not wearing a condom but that was all right because I knew that this was just foreplay. A few quick strokes and I could have ejaculated but I refrained from doing this, knowing the much greater pleasures in store for both of us if I waited. For about three minutes she stayed like that, unmoving except for a few twitches. Even the twitches caused my cock to throb more. My pubic hair was soaked from all the pussy juices, and I regretted the loss of what I knew to be a delicious treat.

Sunita knew it too. She lifted herself off me and her pussy pulled free of my cock with a slurping sound. More pussy juices bathed my cock and dripped down to cover my pubic area and drip down my crotch. Sunita bent over my cock, held onto the base of it with her thumb and forefinger and started licking her juices off me. Like a child licking a Lollypop, she licked the shaft, the head and under the ridge, until she had swallowed all her juices, then she backed off, knelt between my legs and started licking my crotch and balls. One testicle at a time went into her eager mouth to be caressed by her tongue and lips. The next place on her agenda was the underside of my shaft and she ran her tongue in a broad stroke all the way to the tip. She surrounded the head of my cock with her lips, and then slowly moved her head down, engulfing me in her mouth. While my shaft entered her mouth, she caressed it lovingly with her tongue, until her lips reached the pubic hair that she had soaked earlier. Then she backed off slowly and every fraction of an inch she applied suction with her lips, until only the tip of my cock was in her mouth.

Sunita removed the tip of my cock from her mouth and smiled at me. Than she kissed it, licked the head, and started to engulf it in her mouth again. Slowly, my cock disappeared to be fondled by her talented tongue. Once again she continued to take me into her mouth until her lips were pressed against my pubic hair but this time she stayed there for a minute while her tongue caressed my shaft inside her mouth. When she backed off from my cock this time, she applied the same kind of suction with her lips.

I lay back moaning in pleasure while I watched Sunita's head bobbing up and down on my shaft. I moaned because it felt so good, at the end of one stroke she stopped, took my cock out of her mouth and said "I really like sucking you off. I hope you can hold off Cumming for a while." Then she resumed taking my rod all the way into her mouth and out again. I told Sunita how good her mouth felt on my cock and how good she was at giving head.

Whatever technique she used, Sunita sucked my cock all the way into her mouth and she sucked it slowly, to make it last. Slow or not, however, I could not hold off forever. I had felt my climax building for a while and when it got close, I told Sunita, "I'm going to cum". She nodded her head briefly and sped up the strokes of her mouth. Her tongue got even busier on my shaft "I'm cumming", I told her, and seconds later I ejaculated into her mouth. At my last announcement, Sunita had stopped and squeezed the middle of my cock with her lips so I would cum onto her tongue and she would get the full taste of it. After I had finished ejaculating, Sunita continued to suck my cock with her lips to squeeze out every drop. She took my softening cock out of her mouth and licked the tip and all around the head.

After swallowing everything she could, Sunita moved up on the bed to lie beside me. We hugged and kissed, with our tongues intertwining again. I may have caught the faintest taste of my cum but I wasn't bothered by it. Leaning over Sunita, I kissed her hard on the mouth and softer on the eyes and throat. I kissed my way down her throat to one of these places and gently began to massage I licked the large, erect nipple and it felt even better to my tongue than it had felt on my back or chest. The mate to the first one was just as enticing so I fondled it and licked its nipple also. With one beautiful globe in either hand, I alternated licking their lovely nipples. Sunita murmured her appreciation, and I continued to make love to her gorgeous glands. I clamped my lips onto one of them and sucked gently while flicking the nipple with my tongue. Then it was the other one's turn until I started licking my way down Sunita's belly.

When I reached Sunita's soft, brown pubic hair, I switched positions to kneel between her spread legs. I placed a pillow under her ass, arranged my shoulders on the undersides of her thighs and gazed on the sweet, wet pussy that was ready for my oral pleasure. The first thing I did was to lick all the delicious juices from her pussy. The well-trimmed pubic hair was soaked, and the fragrance of that hair added almost as much pleasure as the taste of the juices that were available. I was especially sure to lick everything from Sunita's adorable love hole because that was where the juices were the freshest and most delicious and because I so much enjoy the taste and feel of that delightful place on my tongue. Sunita wanted me to stick my finger in it. This caused me to take affront. I have eaten pussies many a times, and the women have always cum, every time with no exceptions, sometimes explosively, sometimes multiple times, but always to our mutual satisfaction, and I have never had to digitally stimulate their pussies. This request I considered to be an insult to my abilities. I did not put my finger in her pussy while I ate it.

I wanted to spend a lot of time eating Sunita's pussy: first because I truly love eating and the longer I eat the more I love it; second because she had sucked me off so well and I felt I owed it to her and third, it would take a while for my cock to get hard enough for the fucking that would follow. Sunita was already moaning in pleasure and she was highly aroused, partly from her extended massaging of me and sucking my cock and partly from my oral attentions to her. After I had eaten all her delectable juices, my tongue started to probe between an inner and an outer pussy lip. I moved slowly in this sensitive spot because Sunita was moaning more loudly in pleasure and her pussy was already humping into my face. My lips clamped down around her clit and my tongue started probing and flicking and caressing that adorable love button. After a minute of this her pussy was thrusting even more strongly against my face. After five minutes of this, her moans turned to howling "Oh, God, oh God, I'm cumming". Telling me this was unnecessary because her back was arched so that her ass was off the bed, her thighs were clamped around my temples and her hands were on the back of my head, jamming my face tightly into her pussy. As she continued cumming, her ass bounced up and down on the bed while she thrust her pussy into my face and she was howling incoherently. My lips remained clamped around her clit and my tongue continued its tender, loving caressing. As Sunita climaxed, her arms slammed down on the bed beside her and her legs oscillated from side to side with my head still held tightly. When she was done, her arms lay straight out at her sides, her legs were draped over my shoulders and her cum juices were running out of her pussy.

Sexual etiquette dictates that I should wipe off my face before kissing my partner so I went to bathroom & washed my face thoroughly. As soon I returned Sunita said "Let's fuck". I got up and took a condom from my wallet.

After I put on my condom, I lay on my back and Sunita straddled me. She rubbed the tip of my cock against her clit, then rose up and inserted the head into her sopping wet pussy. She stayed that way for a few seconds, then slowly sank down, impaling herself on my rod, until her pubic hair mingled with mine. Then Sunita rose up again, until the just the head was still in, then back down again, slowly, She moved up and down slowly at first, while I inserted my finger in her fanny hole, and then sped up to a pace that made me want to come. I matched my motions with hers and soon filled her twat with what was probably the largest load I've ever shot. She continued pumping me until I had to pull out. I was exhausted!! My cock was as limp as a wet rag and her cunt was dripping cum!! I had never met anyone like this before and I wasn't sure I could keep up with her sexual cravings.

She told me how much fun she had and asked me if I could fuck her again. I told her that I would love to but that I would have to rest and she suggested that we go back to the living room and have some more beer. While we were relaxing she put on a short terry cloth robe and I was still naked. She flashed me and sat in the chair and spread her legs and displayed her cunt and played with it to keep me aroused and kept telling me how much she loved my cock and how much she loved the way I ate her and so forth. Soon she was licking me and fingering herself and succeeded in getting me hard and excited again & I pulled her back to the bedroom.

Anita husband has shifted base to London & I miss her. 