Sam shouldn't really be surprised that Dean puts him in the panic room, but he is, most of all for the spot light that Bobby has installed over the fan in the ceiling. There are slashes of darkness when the fan turns, but nothing else, not enough for the imps to manifest and fill the empty room.

The only things in it are Sam, a bucket and a narrow military cot.

There's not even a book to help him pass the time.

Even under all the light Jessica is eating him alive. The few mouthfuls of blood he managed were not enough to do other than wet her palatte, and Sam can feel her emptiness within him.

By the third hour in the light he's vomitting uselessly, empty retching over the bucket, on his knees, legs splayed, and when he's finished, stomach aching, throat sore, there's a plastic water bottle on the bed. He didn't hear Dean come or go.

He's lost track of the time, his stomach an aching emptiness within him and his eyes sandy when the first vision comes. It takes a moment for him to even recognise his mother, but when she opens her mouth she sings "shape your mouth to fit these words of war, I see the arrows falling backwards, yearning for a cause." Then she reached out and touched his face, and was gone between one blink and the next. Her words might as well be nonsense but they still bring tears to his eyes. Even in dreams it's all she's ever said to him.

The second vision is not long after. Castiel sits on the floor staring at him with that impassive cold gaze. "You are abomination," he says, "but your brother loves you." Sam rolls over on the cot and when he turns back Castiel is gone.

He sees many things in those days, himself as a child disappointed with his adult decisions, his mother, proud and dangerous, demons, angels, and a menagerie of things in between. He sees Balberith curled up on his pillow, "our souls are a myriaad of wars, and you've lost, you've lost them all," the cat says smugly staring at him with his one yellow eye.

Other times he's privy to conversations that he is not present for, not overhearing as the Darkness but simply being there when he is not, these are discussions of war. He learns that Lilith is the one who created the Order that Heather so feared to control the creation of Hell's Queen before she learned of the plan to release Lucifer.

He sees candy coated facsimiles of the imps, recognisable even though they look like munchkins in pastel colours. They perform for him, a lavish and theatrical version of Fat Bottomed Girls.

He sees Heather, wearing only diamonds, others stuck to her face, a queen, a goddess. "Our child will be god." She says and he lays his head on her lap and lets her stroke his hair until he sleeps.

When he wakes the door to the panic room is open.

Dean is asleep at the kitchen table, sprawled over newspapers and half drunk cups of coffee. So Sam doesn't wake him, just slips by. Clearly he's not meant to be out yet.

Bobby finds him jacking a car, shotgun in his hands but Sam knows Bobby won't shoot, Bobby might want to, he might even need to, but he won't do it, and with the darkness around him like a blanket it wouldn't even matter if he did. The darklings are jumping and gambolling around the inside of the car and Bobby breaks in front of him, and for the first time in what could be weeks, he had no concept of time in the room, Sam feels omnipotent and rich, half drunk on power and half on the wet spring smell of the air. He pushes past Bobby into the car, and Bobby, so wise and beloved, just lets him, perhaps aware of the darkness within him, or aware that this is beyond him.

It's only on the interstate looking for a rest stop with a callbox that it occurs to him maybe he's still in the panic room and the world has gone away. Perhaps the very universe is a dream created to contain him, that the only person he can be sure of is himself because everyone else is as fictional as the imps cavorting in the back seat and testing the springs, mooning at passing motorists. The blood has driven him mad. Morality doesn't matter to the mad, so it doesn't matter what he does now.

Ruby gives him the address of a small local hotel, the sort that's family run and that he and Dean avoid like the plague usually. She's booked out the honeymoon suite and is eating fries from a basket when he gets there. He puts them down on the side, and lifts her, feeling the heft of her in comparison to Heather, Ruby is like a rag doll, pliant and fabric in his hands. Her blood tastes of sulphur and vitriol and pennies as it dribbles down his throat from a hundred razor cuts on her arms as he fucks her, thinking all the while that this is the last time, that it is flawed because she is not Heather. And he doesn't even like Heather, he thinks she's arrogant and standoffish, and she doesn't like him either, but it's not about that. it's about ownership and destiny and a hundred other things, and Ruby, Ruby is just meat who can help him kill Lilith.

It only takes Dean a day to track him, no matter how careful he is, and Sam thinks that maybe he got Castiel to do find him. They fight and there are words said that can't be taken back. Dean washes his hands of him and Sam wishes he could feel it, but he doesn't. He just watches his brother go and then follows Ruby to a safe house secure in the knowledge that his brother, useless and angelic in his impotence won't get in the way.

The nurse's possession is locked in with the same symbol that Meg branded into Sam's arm. Ruby says they need all her blood, Jessica has a better idea.

Sam says he'll do it, that he doesn't need her to watch, he doesn't want her to watch, and she seems to understand. She doesn't, she just think she does, she doesn't know about the Darkness. He doesn't know about Jess.

Jess doesn't manifest in her human form, instead she is a morass of snakes swirling about him. The demon on the table screams and screams but the tentacular snakes, long sinewy masses of swirling darkness that cavort like something out of a Japanese animated porn movie wrap around her legs, tied though she is to the table, and the largest of them, with teeth like daggers and glowing white eyes forces itself down her throat. He feels the heart of her slipping down like a lump of gristle. Then she starts, with the other mouths on the other snakes to eat.

When she's done Sam feels whole for the first time in months, overly full, enough to feel a little nauseous as he licks at the blood around his mouth and sucks the breath in with noisy gulps. It feels like auto erotic asphyxiation and he understands why people do it, learned it with Jess, the real Jess, the first Jess, telling him to hold his breath with her mouth on his cock.

He knows now that Dark Jessica will tolerate no other lover, she is his one and only, his forever girl, and Heather, she's his Queen, his alternate, his other, and Jessica is her only and forever girl too. He has a plan, formulated in that mad place between thought and deed when he was driving, when the world was a dream miles away, he's going to kill and eat Lilith, then he's going to eat Ruby too. He is Jessica, that is what he learned in the panic room, he is the Darkness, and Lucifer is the Darkness and Seth is, and Seth is normal, he feeds it and it goes away, he doesn't control it, but he placates it and maybe Lucifer can too, maybe he can. Sam doesn't know what is happening just that the world feels like it is going to explode into a shower of scarlet shimmering butterflies. Maybe it will. He doesn't really care right now.

***

Ruby drives allowing Sam to sleep, she thinks he might need all his wits about him, Sam wants to know what Jess will show him. So he turns and rests his cheek on the car seat. "It's all fucked up, Sam" Heather says, she's wearing a pair of jeans so tight they might as well be sprayed on and that awful hoodie that Dean bought her with it's anti-Twilight logo. She is supine along a white leather couch, there is a cup of hot chocolate on the table but her feet are bare. Sam thinks Heather is an arrogant bitch, but he might just be in love with her feet. She has Christlike feet and he wants to worship them, and wash them, and dress them in the most beautiful shoes and ribbons.

Daisy Ray sits on the side in a pool of shadow. She winks when she sees him.

"Lilith played us, she planned this from the start, and now it's too late to question it. Lilith built the town, Lilith created the mess that is Hell by exploiting their hunger for power. She made promises she doesn't have to keep. She will be a dangerous and violent over lord, she has no interest in the Human World except as a battlefield against the Silver City who cast her out. Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned and that's what she was, scorned by all of them, and cast out, used only as a chattel, raped and forced to bear child upon child to form an army. What mind she has is long gone in the face of revenge. The Satans have maintained the infighting to hold their rule, there will come a time when it is necessary to unite the kingdoms, to create a world where the demons cannot escape, where they do not need to."

She sprawls out a little more, her shapeless sweater riding up to show a pale flash of soft stomach, even a slight paunch. Heather has softnesses despite battle. In the window she is reflected made up entirely of blood and gore, a perfect recreation of some Dantesque creature. Even the clothes are the same. It's something Sam doesn't quite understand. It's part of what she is, of what Lilith made her.

"You need to wake up now, Sam," she says bluntly, "it's too late."

Sam finds himself back in Ruby's car, snuffling the last of the sleep away, but he is no sooner awake than he slips again.

This time the dream is a diner, the sort that has blended into faceless anonymity years ago, he can't remember one from another there have simply been that many. The Angel is sat in the booth.

For the most part the angels that Sam have encountered have a corporate look, like they have just left a busy law office at the end of the day, this one, with his black curls and thick moustache, looks more like Frank Zappa. He wears a dusty old tee and jeans and is drinking a strawberry milkshake through a straw but he is still clearly other in the way that the angels are. The demons can pass as human but the angels are just one step too far removed. "Hey, Sam," the angel says waving him over.

"Is this real?" Sam asks sliding into the booth, suddenly aware he is a child again, nine or ten, uncomfortable in skin that grows too quickly to adjust to.

"As real as these things get," the angel tells him and there is suddenly a huge banana split in front of Sam. "Do you know who I am?"

Sam shakes his head, "I'm guessing one of the Seven." He answers calmly, pushing aside the ice cream, this might be a dream but he has no hunger.

"No, I am Zophael, the angel of the between. I don't take sides." His tone is even and calm. "Perhaps your brother mentioned me, though we've never met."

Sam shakes his head. "There are things you need to know, things only I can be trusted to tell you because I don't take sides, I am perfectly neutral. I dont' prefer one thing over another." He even has a deep drawly Frank Zappa kind of voice. "Every prophet in his house, Sam, every prophet, but sometimes it's possible to arrange things, to negotiate, to twist, to put things in place if you know the prophecies."

"This is where you tell me about Lilith." Sam scorns.

"No, you want to kill Lilith, and it is too late to choose any other course of action. I do not know who twisted this turn of events, it might even have been her. Did you consider that?" Sam gapes at him. "The beast and the woman are seperate, the demon is old, Sam, and desperate to live, barely more than a primordial shadow snapping at the dark, but the rest, it is tired and yearns." Zophael scratches at his mustache, "Sam, it is my nature to know these things and not to judge. There is little left in Lilith that can be redeemed; she dreams of death and is terrified of it- that is her paradox. Your decision is moot in these things." He stops again, weighing Sam up with his eyes, "you want to kill her because you think it will give you control, you feel like you are in free fall and think that if you kill her you will be able to control something, anything."

The angel's sudden grin is vulpine. "Catherine of Aragon ruled England for twenty years whilst her husband played at war. It was only when the wars were done she was put aside. Remember that." His eyes are sparkling with mischief or malaise. Sam doesn't like it. The angel takes a large suck from the straw. "Heaven is not what you think it, and the Silver City has been closed for a long time, but perhaps it is time for the Black Ships to come." Sam doesn't get he reference, but he thinks that he might not be supposed to. "You can gather enemies into one army against a common foe, you can heal a great schism by supplying someone they can unite against." He pushes the empty glass away, "angels crave sugar, Sam, we use too much energy for your mortal shells to withstand so we can eat entire tonnes of sugar and still lose weight. You might have noticed that." But Sam hasn't, Castiel doesn't eat and Reigert just seems to like twinkies.

"the others don't fight against their natural enemy because they are too busy fighting themselves, they forget and accept what they are told. It has been a very long time, Sam, longer than you can imagine, it's easier to forget, you can forgive yourself for what you do not remember doing. We are cold and aloof, but amongst ourselves we are creatures of fire. I was nearly the one to salvage your brother, Castiel is not what you think him, the owls are not what they seem, Sam. Now wake up."

In the car Ruby is shaking him. They're here.