DISCLAIMER: This is a work of adult fiction and is not intended
for minors, nor for any persons likely to be offended by explicit
erotic content. Distribution in any area where possession may
violate laws or community standards is likewise prohibited.

The author retains copyright for this work; you are hereby
granted license to download, print, and/or archive this work for
personal use only. License is not granted to archive or publish
this work by any means in any publicly available archive, or
physical form, except ASSTR, without the author's prior consent.

Like the story or loathe it? All constructive feedback gratefully received at Ian321123@btinternet.com. Let me know your thoughts.

Story codes: MF oral


I stand before you with my blood engorged cock rising rigidly at right angles to my naked body. You are kneeling in front of me similarly disrobed with the candlelight in the room casting flickering shadows across your breasts and belly. You reach up slowly with your right hand, your scarlet painted fingernails begin to brush lightly along the underside of my dick, stroking the line of the throbbing vein that is causing my cock to twitch spastically at even this gentle stimulation.

Very slowly you curl you fingers around my shaft and begin to, gently, ever so gently, rub my foreskin back and forth across the purple, pulsing head of my cock. As I groan with pleasure you smile up at me and then, with a lewd look on your face, you drop your hand down between your own legs and gently insert two fingers into your wet cunt. You ease them in and out several times and I can see that they are now coated with your sweet smelling pussy juice. With your fingers now suitably lubricated you slide them gently around the head of my cock whilst continuing to wank my foreskin back and forth; the sensations are exquisite and my cock is twitching and bouncing around with the stimulation that it is receiving. 

As you see my excitement growing you realise that it is time to move on a step, reaching your head down you ease the tip of my cock into your mouth. Your tongue now traces a route around my cock head following a similar path to your cunt juice soaked fingers a moment ago. As you continue to lick and tease you gently begin to ease the shaft of my cock into your mouth. Although I am not massively well endowed, merely of average length, I know you are still proud of the fact that you can deep throat me until my scrotum touches your chin. It's also fair to say that I have benefited pleasurably from the practice that you have needed to hone this skill. 

Today it seems to take an age, as you inch your lips further up my cock, until I feel my balls touching your face. At the same time the head of my cock has been easing down your throat; the combination of warmth, moisture and friction is indescribable.

As I bottom out in your mouth you pause and then draw your mouth slowly back. As my shaft eases from your lips your hand snakes between my legs and I feel your nails raking gently over my scrotum. For the next couple of minutes you maintain an exquisitely regular in and out motion with your mouth whilst your nails stimulate my balls and track back towards my arsehole. 

Waves of pleasure are now coursing through my body and my toes are beginning to curl in anticipation of the orgasm that is building up in my body. I could feel pre cum oozing from the tip of my dick and into your warm swirling mouth. You obviously felt or tasted it too, as you quickly grasped my shaft tightly and withdrew me from your mouth saying, "not yet darling, this is too quick, I want you to really enjoy it."

I was obviously in no position to argue as I was literally, and metaphorically, in your hands. Releasing your grip you moved your mouth down towards my cock head and I saw your tongue snake out and start to lick at it like a lollipop. You continued licking at my head whilst again stimulating the underside of my cock and down to my balls with your fingernails. Despite your imprecations that things were moving too quickly I knew that I could not hold out against this pleasure for much longer.

You again reached down and lubricated your fingers in your cunt and as your hand came back up I knew for certain that you had realised that my orgasm was again rising. You took me deeply back into your mouth and as I plunged towards the back of your throat I felt your finger prising open my sphincter and forging into my arse. I was now experiencing the dual feelings of your mouth pleasuring my cock head whilst your finger massaged my prostate, enhancing significantly the feelings in my rock hard dick.

As I began to tremble you could tell that my orgasm was now fast approaching and inevitable, drawing back slightly I could feel your tongue curling round the end of my dick preparing to receive the load of cum that was now rising up my shaft. With a loud groan I erupted forth and my arsehole clamped down constricting your finger in the grip of my orgasm. I spurted once, twice and three times whilst my body trembled uncontrollably. At the third eruption my cock slipped from your mouth and the last of my ejaculate sprayed across you leaving a trail of my cum dripping from your mouth and face. You reached up with your finger (not the one that had been in my arse) wiped the cum from your lips and then, smiling sexily, extended your tongue and lewdly licked yourself clean.

Whilst we regularly enjoy oral sex (both ways) this still remains in my mind as the perfect blow job. Maybe one day with all the practice we'll reach new heights - who knows.
