Jumped in the Dorm  
This is based on real events. Names have been changed to protect the innocent. 

I recently started college and was assigned to co-ed dormitories. Not sure what those in charge were thinking with this concept? Between the excessive drinking and sexual tension of guys and girls grouped together and released on their own recognizance there’s been little if any productive work done. Not much studying but it sure has made for some fun partying so far though. Ha-ha. 

Last Friday night after a full evening of drinking games me and a few roomies from the dorm rooms at our end of the hallway got into a playful dare challenge with some cute girls from the other floor. One particular girl named Alicia was outstandingly sexy with a cute face, beautiful tan skin, boobs, butt and a body that just would not quit. Dressed in a short, tight jeans mini skirt and a white top that left her mid-drift and pierced belly button exposed she sure was ‘easy on the eyes’, but unfortunately had a mouth on her that would not quit either. I think she was from Long Island (NY) and just talked way too much and also loved to talk trash to others too. She was annoying! This didn’t fare too well with some of the other girls in the dorms who resented the fact that she got so much attention from the guys because of her looks. Between her arrogant attitude and rumors that she had even fooled around with some of the girl’s boyfriends she hadn’t made too many friends being such a bitch to everyone. 

We were playing Quarters, a game in which you bounce a quarter off a table into a glass filled with beer and make the challenger drink (as if you didn’t already know). Alicia and her roommate Anna were surprisingly quite good at it. Considering myself an expert but not wanting to be too much of a show off myself I down played my skills. At one point the girls were dominating things so much that in their cockiness I decided to bait them offering them a challenge. I told them that my roommate and I would go head to head with her and her friend and the losers would have to strip to their underwear and run the entire length of the hallways on the floor. Our dorm building was laid out like a big ‘L’, which meant the losers would have to run the length of a very long hallway, make a right turn run down another hallway, touch the door at the end, and then run back. Laughing at my offer Alicia consulted with her friend for a moment then came back saying they would only accept the offer if we agreed to run naked if we lost. If the girls lost however they would still only do it in their underwear. Unfair I know but not wanting to seem prudish I “hmm’ed” and “haa’ed” about it for a moment making it seem like I was reluctant to accept, then eventually agreed. Snickering the girls said, “Ok but no backing out!” Inside I was laughing because I knew I was good enough to win for sure since I can just about play quarters in my sleep. 

So the challenge commenced with me letting the girls go first. Alicia of course dominated making 36 shots in a row before missing. Up to this point no one in the room had even come close to that. My own roommate who I had involuntarily involved in this dare looked at me with a very nervous “I’ll kill you” look in his eye after taking his turn and falling short after only 22 shots before missing. The girls sat laughing at us as I took the cup next. Alicia beamed with arrogant confidence assuming the challenge had been won already. Looking at my roommate quizzically, then at Alicia I proceeded to bounce the quarter into the cup with ease hitting 36 shots in a row as the my roommate and friends counted them off one by one and Alicia and her friend looked on uncomfortably. Pausing for a moment as the rest of the room laughed and applauded, I looked at Alicia with a shit-eating grin on my face. “I think you just lost ladies!” I said as I proceeded to bounce my 37th shot into the glass without even breaking eye contact with her. The room exploded into laughter as I continued shooting just to show off finally ending on my 97th bounce more because I was sick of it, rather than because I actually missed. 

All eyes were upon Alicia and her now sheepishly quiet friend as guys and girls alike all laughed circling in around them. “Oh, we don’t hear all the smack talking anymore! What’s the matter? Don’t have anything to say now?” With a distressed look on her face Alicia tried to protest claiming it wasn’t fair and that she had been tricked. Trying to snake out of the whole deal she tried to talk me into letting them do another dare instead but we all would have none of that. Threatening to strip by force right there if they refused they were persuaded into fulfilling the deal. 

Stripping down to their panties in the bathroom both emerged with towels wrapped around them ready to fulfil their lost bet. In the hallway, surrounded by the small but rowdy group, they dropped their towels. Anna, a petite girl with light skin revealed black cotton bikini cut panties and a white cotton push-up bra. Her small boobs were bulging out the top no doubt to make them look bigger. She was slim with a flat stomach, and very nice legs. She was surprisingly shapely and sexy. Alicia dropped her towel next revealing an outstanding body clad in a matching pair of very bright neon green sheer bra and panties. Her panties were not really thong but more European hi-cut and on the small and tight side so that they naturally wedged up her butt leaving ½ of her smooth round butt cheeks exposed. She had an amazing ass! I am not an expert on breast size but I’d guess they were big B, or small C sized boobs, not too big but not small either, still definitely proportionate to her body. She was in very good shape too so ogling at her sexy flawless tan skin was sheer pleasure especially with the very embarrassed look on her face. Covering her body with her arms she immediately commenced taking off down the hall with her boobs and butt slightly jiggling with each step and Anna right behind her in chase. Passing the others lined up in the hall for the show they cheered and patted their butts as they made their way down to the hallway with me in chase using the excuse that I wanted to make sure they touched the far door around the corner. 

What I didn’t know was that there were a handful of girls at our party that had already disappeared knowing Alicia and her sidekick had lost and would have to run down the hall. I guess they put together a devious little plan to further humiliate both of them as payback for Alicia being such a bitch. So as Alicia and Anna rounded the corner making their way down the second hall, a dorm room door swung open and several girls surprised them, grabbing them both and pulling them into the room before they knew what was even going on! Inside the ambushed panty-clad girls were jumped and forcefully stripped of their bras and panties rendering them naked as jaybirds. Then laughing and calling them bitches they shoved them both back out into the hallway stark naked! 

Cowering in shock Alicia and Anne both stood stunned and trying to cover up for a bit before panicking and desperately making a mad dash back up the hall to our room where their clothes were as we all laughed and pointed at them. Funny thing is once they got to my door they found themselves locked out with their clothes still inside the room. Yanking on the door knob and demanding to be let back in Alicia stood there cupping her pussy and tits red faced and cursing at everybody. “Let me back in you assholes!!” she screamed with everyone pointing laughing and taking cell phone pictures of their naked humiliation. Anna just stood there biting her lip slightly jumping up and down in sheer embarrassment begging us to let them back in. A few friends we reaching in pulling their arms away so they could get good looks and their tits and pussies. Anna’s pubic hair was trimmed into a thin stripe like a landing strip. Alicia on the other hand was totally shaved clean down below! Not knowing where else to go they both stood encircled by us and powerless to stop us from having our fun at their expense. 

“You don’t get your clothes back till you finish the dare. You never ran all they way down and touched the far door like agreed too. You still have to finish.” I ordered with a sly smile. After another full tirade of red faced cursing calling me every name in the book I think Alicia finally realized that I was serious and was not going the let them off the hook, even if they were completely naked. 

Angrily Alicia took off down the hall cupping her crotch and boobs as best she could with Anne right behind her cursing all the way down. Their naked bare asses wiggled and shook wonderfully. Catching up, a few of the girls who had ambushed and stripped them ran behind them swatting at their naked asses with twisted up towels. Snapping them off their naked asses Alicia and Anna screamed and jumped with each snap. Swearing revenge Alicia was so angry she charged at one of the girls angrily trying to take the towel out of her hands. With Alicia still buck-naked they got into a full wresting match spinning around. Alicia’s boobs and butt jiggled and shook like mad as they struggled. Soon everyone got in on the action. Holding Alicia around the waist and lifting her in the air everyone took shots tickling and pinching her boobs, butt, and even touching her pussy here and there. Poor Anne got caught up in the melee and received the same treatment getting her ass spread and her sides and boobs tickled and poked. Everyone was copping feels and it seemed like things were getting out of control so a few of us, including myself, pulled everyone apart and got Alicia and Anne separated from the rowdy drunken group. Realizing that things were going to far I told everyone to back off and had to actually push a few guys away before they eased up. I let the girls back into my room and made sure they got their clothes back. After quickly dressing (sans their bras and panties of course) they both stormed out with Alicia cursing us all out all the way down the hallway and out the far exit door. 

That was the end of this chapter but not the end of the story for the very unpopular Alicia. But those are stories for another day… 

 
Thursday, June 28th 2007 - 06:56:15 PM





