PHIL CAUGHT

BY PHIL MCCRACKEN

Part 4

The Cure, part B

Amber stopped reading at that part and tried to reflect on her
father's story. The first story 'The Exam' showed him to be if
not a pervert then strict and extreme. With 'Trouble Sleeping' he
was helpful in a sick way. In 'The Cure' she can see that the
story/ Amber needed a firm hand to get past her shyness. It was
always story/ Amber's option to do as she was told or suffer the
consequences. Amber resumed reading the story.

Phil sat patiently waiting for Amber who was one hour and 10
minutes late. He was hungry and hadn't started the grill. Amber
came rambling in while holding the hand of the boy who earlier
had taken her swimming. Phil smiled seeing his daughter making
friends and getting over her nudity. He decided that now was not
the time to chastise her but would remind her about watching her
time. How can she do that without a watch?

The boy's name was Bob and the three of them went to the camp's
restaurant/bar/play room/grocery and general store. Phil ordered
burgers for the three of them. After they ate Bob asked Amber if
she'd like to shoot some pool. Amber had never played before so
Bob said he'd teach her. The pool tables were in the bar area and
kids had to be accompanied by an adult.

Phil sat at the bar as Amber leaned over the pool table and
spread her legs to reach the cue ball. Amber was not aware that
she was giving her father and a few other patrons a most
delectable view of her feminine gender. There were a few other
girls and women shooting pool and none of them seemed to mind
giving a show. How can they help but give a show. Hmm must be fun
to tease the guys like that.

After 90 minutes of viewing the ladies Phil's erection finally
subsided, much to his relief. I bet.

Bob had to leave and get back to his family. Phil and Amber left
walking back to their campsite.

"Are you having fun?" Phil asked.

"Yeah!"

"So do you now notice that everyone is naked?"

"Umm. I noticed that no one has anything better than some one
else. While everyone is different, we're all the same."

Phil stopped in his tracks, faced his daughter and gave her a big
hug.

"If its okay with you, can I go to bonfire tonight?"

"Sure, but I do want you back by 11:30."

"Thanks daddy."

After dinner Phil was amused to watch Amber as she anxiously
waited for Bob to pick her up for the bonfire. While Amber was
looking towards a clump of campers hoping to catch sight of Bob,
Phil went to the camper and retrieved Amber's acoustic guitar.
"Here Honey, this will assure you being a success."

Amber slowly took the guitar by its neck and said; "I'm not good
enough to play for people." Daddy and I play for family and
friends all the time. Mom is the one that can sing. Mark has all
the talent of a garden gnome. "Yes you are, your just haven't.
Now here comes Bob, you play for them and they'll all love it."

Amber turned and saw Bob.

"Hey do you play? I play the drums but I couldn't bring them. But
I do have my sticks. Jimmy brought his harmonica, we ought to be
able to make some music."

The two hurried away while the sun was still high in the sky.
Phil walked around and introduced himself to several of the near
by campers. He asked if they thought if an 11:30 curfew was to
early for a twelve-year-old girl. They all agreed that that was
late enough. Nudist camps generally are strict about leaving kids
alone for any length of time, especially at night. I can
understand that.

Soon a cacophony of sound was heard from where the kids had
gathered. Disjointed music and voices singing off key filled the
air. The kids were having fun. When kids have fun they lose all
track of time and memories of promises made to parents. The
bonfire turn to embers and the cacophony of sound turned to
silence. The only sound the adults heard were the creatures of
the night.

At midnight Phil took his binoculars and went looking for his
overdue daughter. The night's moon was bright and Phil sighted
Amber and Bob behind a tree. Bob had Amber in a lip lock while
his hand cupped Amber's crotch. Phil couldn't see what that hand
was doing but he could guess. Phil didn't want to embarrass her
with her new friends. However shedding her shyness didn't mean
that she was allowed total freedom with the opposite sex,
especially when nude. Phil just called,

"Amber! Amber! Time to come home. Amber!"

Amber slid out from Bob's hug, gave him a quick kiss and ran to
her campsite. She saw her father's back as he too walked back to
camp. She also saw the binoculars, she decided she better not lie
to daddy since she didn't know how much he saw.

As they approached their camper they heard names being called
out, mostly girls names. When they got to the camper Amber
started to go inside when her father had her sit in a chair.

"Alright missy. This is the second time in one day you ignored
me. What were you and Bob doing all by yourselves?"

"We were kissing."

"And."

"Hugging"

"And."

Amber paused, took a deep breath and said, "Felt each other."

"Uh ha, how was he?"

"Rough, he hurt me."

Phil tenderly took her head in his hands and tilted it up to look
her in the eye and said " Sweetheart you told me the truth and
for that I am not going to whip you and leave marks for your
friends to see tomorrow. I am going to spank you for being late
and for letting boys touch you. You're to young to allow that and
as you can see, he doesn't know what he's doing."

Phil picked up a coil of the soft rope clothesline and tied her
hands together.

"We'll go deeper into the woods so no one will hear you get
spanked. Or her screams I bet.

Phil picked up the rope, a flashlight and a light paddle that
Amber had never seen before. Off they went down a path leading
away from the campers. In the air was the sound of children being
spanked. Loud smacks and cries drowned out the night creatures.

They reached a small clearing and Phil pulled Amber towards a
tree with a stout branch about six feet off the ground. He threw
the rope over the branch and tied it off leaving Amber standing
on the balls of her feet. Without a word he started swinging the
lightweight Paddle.

Pop! Amber arched her back and gasped. The paddle stung and the
pain shot from her bottom up her spine to her mouth were she
yelled,

"Owwwwww!"

Pop! Smack! Whap! Whap! Pop! Pop! Smack! Smack! Pop!

Amber cried and copious tears ran down her cheeks. Her round butt
cheeks turned red. Phil held her as her tears wet his chest. An
unwanted erection sprang up and rested between Amber's legs. Phil
stepped away and untied the rope from the tree but left Amber's
wrists bound. He led her back to the camper.

This was their first night at the nudists resort and Phil hadn't
told Amber that there was only one bed. He lay next to her as she
lay on her stomach. Her bound wrists above her head she lay there
unable to sleep due to the pain inflicted upon her.

After several minutes of listening to her father's deep
breathing, Amber rolled over and brought her hands down to her
pussy and started to finger herself. Phil felt her turn over and
felt the light bed start to shake. Taking her hand in his he
said,

"Let me do it, it's always better when someone else does it for
you."

He spread her legs and moved down so he could lick her to climax.
Wow Dadddddy! This was new to Amber, the heat and pain from the
spanking had all her nerves a tingle and now a talented tongue
was licking her clit. She reached a fantastic orgasm in near
record time. I bet she did. Eh I did? "Mmmmmm..Ahhhhh..
Grrrommm."

Phil smiled as Amber lay enjoying the afterglow of her climax.

"Honey I did that because you took your spanking so well. You
knew you did wrong and you accepted your punishment. That was
your reward. From now on if you want or need it just ask me. I'll
always be happy to help you. I'm sure you are. Phil let Amber
sleep in as she did have an exhausting day. He went to the store
and got some fresh baked cinnamon buns and a gift that should
help her avoid the problems she incurred yesterday.

Amber woke up at 10:30. She found the ropes were gone and her
butt didn't hurt any more. She woke up smiling. She walked
outside where her father had set up a table with an umbrella for
shade. She saw the cinnamon buns and squealed her delight. As she
was eating her father said,

"You were late twice yesterday. I hope what I've got will help
with that problem."

Amber froze expecting another spanking. Instead Phil handed her a
small box. Inside was a ladies sport watch with a luminescent
dial.

"Thanks daddy, for everything."

The rest of their vacation went by with little incident. Amber
had turned a nice shade of brown from the deep tan all over her
body. She made friends and went from a shrinking violet to star.
The resort did wonders for her self-esteem. The only odd thing
was that Phil at bedtime would tie her up. Never so uncomfortable
that she couldn't sleep. Amber didn't mind since after she was
tied daddy would lick her pussy till she came. There were a few
nights that he licked and licked and licked till she nearly
blacked out. Gawd that sounds great. Sick but great. On the way
home Amber expressed her discomfort of wearing all the clothes,
which was the sundress and panties she wore to the resort.

For the rest of the summer Phil enrolled Amber in the park
districts dance classes and acting class. The End That was the
end of the cure. Amber understood the why of the story but not
the reason for the story. She was already an out going and
friendly kid so why was daddy writing stories where he 'licked
her to climax'. He never even said a dirty word around her. Amber
went to bed more confused then before.

