"Mister Potter," the headmistress said in the calmest tone she could possibly manage, given the circumstances, "much as I empathise with your reluctance to..."

"Reluctance?!" he rudely cut her off. "This isn't reluctance. This is an outright refusal! I vanquished that bastard four months ago. I've done my duty. You..." He glared at all present. "You no longer have any right to expect anything from me!"

Harry crossed his arms and waited, ready to yell blue murder at the first person who might have the gall to insist.

Harry's summer had been hell; so much death and despair, so many mangled corpses, the memory of which still gave him frequent nightmares.

On the seventeenth of September, he'd finally defeated Voldemort and at long last, calm had returned to the wizarding world.

Early January, Hogwarts had reopened and Harry had returned for his seventh year, fervently hoping that things would be nice and normal for a change. After all, he'd been through more than enough to deserve a bit of bit of peace and quiet, hadn't he?

No, clearly not, because once again, fate had gone and kicked him in the bollocks.

He had no intention of helping this time around, though. Tom Riddle just wasn't his problem any longer, and that was that.

"Mister Potter…"

Harry wasn't terribly surprised to find it was Professor Snape who spoke next.

In truth, Harry still had trouble believing that everything the man had done last year, including Dumbledore's foul murder, had been at the headmaster's own request, but even for The Boy Who Lived To Defeat The Dark Lord, there was no going against the Wizengamot's verdict, not in this case.

So Snape was back at Hogwarts too, teaching Defence Against the Dark Arts. Harry thought that was a slightly ironic and highly inappropriate development, but again, he seemed to be the only one offended by the irony.

"Mister Potter, at least have the common courtesy to look at me when I'm speaking to you."

Harry raised his eyebrows and gave the man a challenging look.

Snape didn't rise to the bait, however, nor did he appear the least bit intimidated. "It would seem," he said with a sneer, "that your little misadventure with my old textbook last year taught you absolutely nothing. Not that this comes as much of a surprise to me, but nonetheless... When you discovered the enchanted parchment, Mister Potter, pray tell, why did you not show it to your Head of House? Why did you just pocket it and continue on your merry way, instead? Was there in fact a method to your madness, or was it more the usual case of 'wait and see', with Miss Granger on stand-by to clean up the mess and pick up the pieces, if so required?"

Harry opened his mouth to say something in his defence, but Professor Lupin cut in first. "He has a point, Harry. Why didn't you come to me? This need never have happened, if..."

"Oh. So this is suddenly my fault now?" Harry yelled. "I wanted the bastard back, did I? I was getting a little bored with the lack of bodies to trip over, so I decided to go for round two, is that it?"

Remus took a deep breath. "All we are saying, Harry, is that you could have been a little more careful. Just because the Da…" He cleared his throat. "Just because Voldemort's gone, doesn't mean there's no Dark Magic left. There are still traces of it all around us, there are still objects that..."

Harry shook his head. He couldn't believe this was happening, and he couldn't believe they had the nerve to try and pin it on him, either, make him feel guilty for something that wasn't even remotely his fault. It wasn't as if he'd put the bloody scroll under his pillow, himself, was it? Or asked for Riddle to return, either.

All he'd wanted was a quiet year, without incidents and adventures and especially without Dark Lords. Gods, would this crap never end?

Professor Lupin, meanwhile, was still talking, but Harry decided that he'd heard enough of the man's lectures and veiled accusations and other rubbish, more than enough. This was just like last August all over again.

"FINE!" Harry shouted. "You know what? If you're all so sodding brilliant and already know everything, anyway, then you can bloody well sort this out amongst yourselves, too!"

With that, he stormed out of the headmistress' office, slamming the door shut behind him.

Minerva McGonagall shook her head sadly. "This is hopeless," she said with a deep sigh. "That boy... He's become so cold, distant and volatile since the war."

"Not to mention more arrogant and insufferable than ever before," Snape interjected. "The mind boggles at how that was even possible, but here we are..."

Minerva decided to ignore the sarcasm and went on, "I suppose I shouldn't sympathise with Mister Riddle, considering who he is, but he looks so lost, so confused and the poor lad has nowhere to go, either... Merlin, I wish Albus were still here. He was always so much better at assessing people and dealing with crises and..."

"Slytherin House will look after Mister Riddle," Snape said, as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.

"But Horace, he'll…" Remus began.

"No, Slughorn probably won't like it much." Snape sounded almost amused. "But we both know he no longer has any say in the matter, don't we, Lupin? Not now that I'm back in charge." Smirking, he crossed his arms and bellowed, "Rinfy!"

Almost instantly, the rattled elf came running into the room. "You called for me, Master?"

"Yes. Kindly fetch Mister Malfoy for me, would you? And do be quick about it!"

"Yes, Master." The creature bowed and hurried out again.

"Severus," Minerva began carefully, "are you quite sure? Young Draco... I mean, he's still so fragile after..."

"Draco will be fine. And unlike the Potter brat, he's been raised to respect his elders, so he'll put his own feelings aside and do as he's told."

Minerva frowned. "I'll trust your judgment on this, Severus," she finally said, even though she wasn't terribly convinced. A sinking feeling of dread had been with her ever since she'd first heard about Tom Riddle's return. Whatever awaited them now, it couldn't possibly end well.