The nightmares never really went away. They were always lurking, just below the surface; even when he did not dream, James would awake feeling uneasy.

This night, though, he'd dreamed.

In the dream, he'd been an old, old man, seventy or so. Still here, still watching over Alec, who inexplicably had not aged a day. And he'd known, with the clarity of a dream, that Alec would never awaken, and that he would spend the rest of his life there.

He'd woken in a cold sweat.

Now, chilled, he rose from his bed. Turned the light on, and went to check Alec.

No change. Not that he had expected one, but he always hoped. The fantasy had played over and over in his mind, during the past month and a half; one day, he would find Alec back; eyes open and focused, mind sharp. Saying more than yes.

Though most of him was resigned to the fact that it would never happen.

Rather than give in to despair, he embraced the mindlessness of routine with a monk's fervor. Take care of Alec; ice first, keep him hydrated. He went into the other room to fill the cup, and then returned to Alec's side.

"Alec, wake up."

Slowly -- James would have said reluctantly, if he believed there was any real awareness there -- Alec opened his eyes.

"Would you like some ice?"

"Yes."

Was it his imagination, or had there been a little more strength to that answer, a little less hesitation? Not daring to hope, he fished out a chip of ice and slid it into Alec's mouth. Watched as his eyes drifted closed.

"Come on, Alec. You need more than that."

Eyes open again and -- for just one moment, they seemed to focus.

"Alec -- can you hear me?" He kept his voice soft, afraid of frightening Alec away. Afraid, too, of believing it himself, and having his hopes dashed once again.

Alec's eyes slid out of focus again, and drifted shut.

James felt the disappointment rise in him, like nausea. For a moment -- just a moment -- he'd thought he'd had Alec back again. He bent over, to press a kiss against Alec's forehead.

An odd impulse crossed his mind, born perhaps of too many fairy tales as a child; he changed targets, and kissed Alec on the lips.

The lips parted beneath his. Reflex. Mindless obedience. James did not pursue the matter; with Alec in this state, it would feel too much like rape. He pulled back.

Alec's eyes were open again. Staring into nothing? Staring at the ceiling? James couldn't tell.

And then, Alec blinked. His eyes focused, his brows drew together in a faint frown. James wanted to pull Alec close, to tell him how worried he'd been -- but he didn't dare, for fear of frightening him. Instead, he forced a light tone. "Hey. Sleeping beauty."

"Not -- beauty." The words were clear, though Alec's voice was weak. "Need a shower."

James felt his heart twist in his chest. He stretched out his hand but then drew it back, afraid to do something wrong, something that would drive Alec away again. "Hey," he said softly. "Hey."

But Alec's eyes were already starting to lose focus. If he didn't act quickly, he might lose him anyway. "Stay with me," he begged. "Please. Don't leave me again!"

"M'here," Alec mumbled. His eyes were still unfocused, though; his hand on the blanket still limp. James could see him fading in front of him. He grasped the limp fingers, splayed his free hand over Alec's cheek, trying desperately to anchor him.

"Stay with me, Alec. Please. I'd do anything to keep you here. Anything you want," he whispered. "Anything."

Alec's eyes focused again, but he looked lost. "I don't know," he said, in a small, broken voice.

"You don't know what?"

"What I want!" James could see the plea in his eyes; the desperation.

"Let's start with the basics, then." Give him something to focus on. "Are you in any pain?"

"Just ache. Not bad."

"Do you want morphine?" As soon as the words were out of his mouth, he regretted them; the last thing he wanted to do was to send Alec back to sleep. He wondered if he had any bottles of saline somewhere, to make a substitution.

His worry was needless; when Alec said "No," there was force behind it. James wondered if he shared the same worry. If he even knew how long he'd been near-catatonic and uncommunicative.

If he feared it, that must mean he wanted to stay. Didn't it? "I can -- there's some aspirin -- " Getting it down his throat would be the challenge.

"Be fine. Not that bad."

"Are you sure? Tell me if it gets worse." He returned to his checklist. "Are you thirsty?"

" … no … "

"Hungry?"

Alec frowned in thought before he said, "Yes."

Now they were getting somewhere. "What are you hungry for?"

Alec's frown grew deeper. James wondered if he should suggest something. Give him something to cling to.

"Toast," Alec said suddenly.

Why the hell hadn't he bought a toaster? It had seemed like a pointless luxury before. Maybe he could build a fire?

"It's all right," Alec said. "I don't need -- "

"Shh." He stroked Alec's hair, then rubbed his thumb against his cheek. "You asked for toast, and toast you shall receive. I was just working out the logistics."

Alec closed his eyes. "All right."

"I'm going to go into the next room and get the bread and the butter. I'll be right back."

He hurried to the refrigerator and back, afraid that any interruption would give Alec the chance to slip away again. When he got back, he leaned back over Alec, brushed fingertips lightly against his lips. "Are you still with me?"

"Yes."

That didn't sound good. "Alec, come on. Talk to me. Please!"

"I'm tired." Alec twisted his fingers into the blanket. "Wake me when th'food's ready."

James hesitated. He didn't want to lose Alec -- but if he pushed too hard, he might drive him away. "All right," he whispered.

He worked quickly, buttering the slices of toast and then putting them in the skillet to heat. When one side was toasted, he turned the slices over and browned the other side. He cut both slices into triangles, and brought them back to Alec. "I know it's not exactly what you had in mind -- "

Alec opened his eyes. "Close enough," he said, in a faint voice. "I'm hungry."

"Open up, then."

He fed Alec three triangles of toast, before he held up his hand. "Thirsty," he said. "I'm sorry -- "

"No, no, it's all right." He retrieved the cup, and fed Alec a couple of ice chips. "Better?"

"Yes." His voice already sounded stronger. "Still hungry, though." He hooked his fingers over the edge of the cup, to hold it steady. "Is there more toast?"

"Yes."

He fed Alec the rest of the toast; stopping every few pieces to feed him more ice. "Do you want anything else?"

"No." His eyes were drifting closed again. "Later. Maybe … maybe I could have some … " His voice trailed off into a yawn. His breathing slowed and deepened, and he began to snore.

James stood, watching Alec sleep. As an afterthought, he reached out, to take the cup of ice before it could spill and wake him. But when he tugged at it, Alec mumbled, and tightened his fingers on the rim. James released the cup. "Anything you want," he said. "I'll give you anything you want, if you'll just stay with me."

And in his sleep, Alec smiled.