Karen and Michelle's Sad Story Part 1 Chapter 28
By Redlegtiger
Redlegtiger@hotmail.com
My Blog URL:
http://blog.myspace.com/redlegtiger


Please remember that this is fantasy and anyone thinking that they should do these things in real life, deserve to be locked up and have the key thrown away and play sissy slut to their cell mate for eternity.  If you are not at least 18 years of age please leave.


Chapter 28, Pregnancy and Birth

The end of Krystals and her friends cherry popping party also marked the end of Karen/doggysluts slave training.  She had demonstrated that she was a truly submissive and obedient slave who would do anything that her master or mistress asked of her.  She not only willingly obeyed her masters but also sought out opportunities to provide her masters the kinds of things she knew they would enjoy.  Karens persona at this point was so suppressed that any thought of escaping her situation had been abandoned.  Doggyslut thrived on the pain and abuse as long as her masters were happy.

Krystal and her friends became very proficient at ensnaring young victims from their school.  They carefully selected their targets and researched them and their family life with the assistance of Sheriff Rob, Matt and Darrell.  They enjoyed their week at Martas and learned the art of training slaves.  Each of them got permission from their parents for a pet dog which Marta gladly gave them in payment for providing her with eenie and meenie as doggy trainers.  She gave them each a German shepherd puppy and helped each girl train them to love human females.  They of course used eenie and meenie to train the dogs.  Eenie and meenie both received their own canine master.  They had to sleep with and take care of all of the dogs that lived in the kennels needs.  Both of their canine masters were trained in the same manner as doggysluts Prince.

At least once a month, Krystal and her friends had a slave initiation party for the new slave or slaves that they had acquired and blackmailed into submission as they did eenie and meenie.  They used Darrells home as a meeting place after school and could be found playing with their new fucktoys in the dungeon.  Doggyslut was also frequently used and abused in the dungeon as well.  

Doggyslut truly loved to take care of her canine master Prince.  Most nights after Darrell had finished with her, she voluntarily went back to Princes kennel to sleep.  Initially Darrell invited her to sleep in bed with him but after a few days she asked permission to sleep in the kennel with Master Prince as that is where doggyslut belonged.

Karen/doggysluts pregnancy progressed normally until the Saturday following the thanksgiving holiday.  Darrell had her shackled to the torture cross in the dungeon and was torturing her tits with needles after having just fucked her cunt.  She had been screaming through a ball gag from the pain the needles caused when all of a sudden she had a severe cramp in her stomach.  She immediately knew that something was wrong but couldnt say anything because she was gagged.  Darrell was just getting ready to put another needle through her tit when he noticed a couple of drops of blood trailing down her thighs.  He recognized that something wasnt right so took the gag of doggyslut.  It was Karens persona that spoke up however and said, The baby.  Somethings wrong with the baby. 

Darrell immediately removed the needles and removed doggyslut from the cross and took her up to his bed.  He ordered, Doggyslut, you are not to get out of that bed for any reason until I get a doctor here to examine you.  I am going to go call now so hopefully it wont be too long.

Darrell left the room and called his dad and told him about the situation.  They soon had the groups gynecologist at the house with all of the necessary equipment to test her and make sure things were all right.  It was determined that doggyslut had almost miscarried the baby.  He placed her on bed rest for the remaining two months of the pregnancy.  

Doggyslut of course couldnt stand the thought of being bedridden.  She wanted to make sure that Princes needs were taken care of.  Darrell however forbade her to even contemplate getting out of the bed.  She was able to convince Darrell that she really needed someone there to help her if she needed it and that whoever it was would also have to take care of Prince.  Darrell talked Krystal and Marta into letting eenie live at his house to take care of both doggysluts and Princes every need.  This included all house hold duties such as meals and cleaning, taking care of Prince in any way and catering to doggysluts every need including toilet duties such as drinking her piss and eating her shit from the source so doggyslut didnt have to get out of bed. 

The doggyslut persona wasnt able to maintain dominance without the daily pain from the torture and abuse that had driven her since she emerged.  She needed that continued pain and suffering to keep her strong and in control.  The concern for the unborn baby and the near miscarriage gave Karens persona a boost yet the Karen persona couldnt gain dominance either.  During the two months time, the two personas battled each other for dominance and began to fully reintegrate.  The combined personality that emerged toward the end of the pregnancy incorporated the best of both personas.  The new Karen/doggyslut knew and understood where she had come from and how she came to be a sex slave and knew that she someday wanted to be able to pursue her dreams of a college education.  She also knew that she craved the depraved sex and physical abuse that turned her into such a compliant slave.  

As doggysluts personas finally reintegrated she came to the decision that she would escape some day like Mistress Martines grandmother had.  The submissive side that doggyslut provided to her persona would still allow her to fully enjoy and participate in all of the depraved acts that her master would ask of her and she would do so.  But it was no longer a driving need for the new merged Karen/doggyslut. She would remain the perfect slave until the perfect opportunity presented itself to allow her to escape and pursue her dreams.  Most importantly, with all of the time she had, she reflected on the betrayal of her parents and how they so callously threw her to the wolves without even considering her side of the story. The more she thought about it, the more she grew to hate her parents.  She ultimately decided that if the opportunity arose, she would seek the destruction and ruin of her parents.  Though she now accepted who and what she was, she could not ever forgive their betrayal of her, their one and only daughter.  And then to have them willingly take in two kids that had participated in her downfall as their own.  It was just too much to bear.

Fortunately Karen/doggysluts pregnancy progressed normally until her designated due date which was January 27th.  She was taken to a special birthing center that was built specifically for the group. Though Karen hadnt started labor, Dr. Rob, Karens OBGYN and Darrell all mutually decided that they would induce labor if she didnt have the baby by the 27th of January.  

On the 27th of January, a team of emergency medical technicians came to Darrells house and loaded doggyslut on a gurney and transported her to the brand new birthing center in an ambulance as a precaution.  Once at the special center, she was wheeled in to the delivery chamber and prepared for delivery.  

The birthing chamber looked like a miniature arena with an oval tiled floor that was about fifteen feet by twenty feet.  There were multiple pulleys hanging from the ceiling with white nylon ropes hanging down and tied off at the only wall in the arena next to the entrance.  There were also a couple of hoses hanging down as well, with clear plastic funnels on the end.  Surrounding the arena were ten rows of seats going all of the way around with a total seating capacity of about 300 people.  The seats were already beginning to fill up as doggyslut was wheeled in.

The first thing they did to doggyslut was to take a quarter inch white nylon rope and wrap her tits until they were puffy blue balls.  They also put a twelve inch long dildo gag with air holes down her throat and buckled it on to her head.  Next she was given a series of enemas to clean her out and then given a gallon enema laced with the drug oxytocin to induce labor and cause contractions.  They sprayed an oxytocin mixture into her nostrils to help with the let down of milk into her tits followed by a shot of prolactin to increase the production of milk.  They plugged her ass with a large butt plug to hold the enema in when they removed the enema hose and then began the final preparations.  

Shackles were placed on doggysluts wrists, ankles, above her knees and on her upper thighs.  Ropes were tied around her chest just above and below her tits. Her ass and lower back was placed in a wide leather sling to support her lower body.  Ropes were attached to the shackles, chest bands and the sling.  She was lifted up until she was at the right height for Dr. Rob to deliver the baby without having to lean over.  The two funnel like contraptions on the hoses were placed over her bound tits.  They had to squeeze her tits a bit for them to fully fit in the clear plastic funnels but it was obvious that there would be a tight seal around her tits.  Ropes were attached to the shackles on her wrists and pulled so that her arms were stretched above her head and out at a forty five degree angle.  The ropes attached to the shackles on her ankles, knees and thighs were looped over pulleys at an angle so that when they were pulled up, her legs were spread out wide with her knees bent as if she were lying on a delivery table with stirrups on it.  Finally they placed a container just below her cunt to catch any fluids coming from doggyslut.  She was now ready for things to begin.

While doggyslut was being prepared, the birthing arena had been filling and there were now over two hundred men and women in attendance.  Dr. Rob and Darrell came in leading Prince by a leash.  Two additional female slave assistants came in behind them and took up positions on either side of doggyslut.  Both of them had floggers in their hands.  Once they were in position Dr. Rob stepped forward and announced, Welcome masters and mistresses to the first birthing in our new birthing chamber.  The birthing ceremony you are about to enjoy will follow the description as outlined in the old logs of the Coch Organization that Mistress Martine found in the library.  We have added a few modern touches but for all intents and purposes it is the same procedure. In the future, it is the desire of the council that all slaves give birth in the birthing center following this same procedure if at all possible.  So welcome to Darrells and doggysluts birthing celebration.  This is definitely a time for celebration as another Dom or sub will be born.  The ceremony will begin when doggyslut has her first contraction and will continue through the night as outlined in the original records of our founder.  We ask that you remain in your seats until after the presentation of the baby and the placenta to her two masters.  After that I am sure that Darrell would be happy to have you come and view the baby and join their celebration.

It was only a few minutes after the announcement that doggyslut felt a contraction began.  She moaned from the pain and it was obvious from the way her body stiffened that something was going on even though there was no sound due to the large dildo in her throat.  

That was the sign the two female slaves with floggers had been waiting for.  They began taking turns lightly whipping doggysluts stomach in an alternating rhythm.  The whipping was so light that at this point that it didnt cause too much pain but the contact on doggysluts pregnant belly caused her to flinch each time.  There was also a hum that could be heard starting up in the background.  Doggysluts tits began to expand up the clear plastic funnels from the hard suction.  The suction was set to alternate from tit to tit as well.  When one was being sucked in, the other was being allowed to relax.  The slaves flogging doggyslut quickly picked up the rhythm of the vacuum sucking alternately on her tits.  

Doggyslut began to feel the effects of the enema in two ways.  The large amount of the enema caused cramps and severe pain in her stomach and the oxytocin in it increased the severity of her labor contractions and the frequency of them.  Every time she had a contraction, her body would tense up and she would scream through the dildo gag but no sound would come out because the dildo covered her vocal chords.  It was obvious from her face though that she was in pain with each one.

The sensation from the floggers initially was just a nuisance.  As time went on, even though they werent hitting her hard, the pain started becoming more and more severe.  They had been going for about an hour when they stopped flogging her.  

When the flogging stopped, Dr. Rob came up and stuck his fingers in her cunt to feel the cervix and determine how far along she was.  When he stepped back he announced loudly, Three.

The two slaves that had been lightly flogging doggyslut stepped back to doggyslut and when she had her next contraction they picked up the rhythm of the pumps again and flogged her again in the same manner but just a bit harder.  The pain felt a lot more severe to doggyslut because the previous hour of flogging had tenderized and reddened her skin.  

Doggyslut moaned and groaned silently in pain from the increasing strength of the contractions.  The time between them had shortened from just over ten minutes to almost eight minutes.  In addition, her intestines were cramping up more frequently as well.  Adding the pain of the constant flogging on top of that and doggyslut was writhing in pain which just aggravated the cramping.

After about twenty five minutes doggyslut experienced an extremely severe contraction.  The floggers quit and stepped back.  Dr. Rob moved in and stuck his fingers in to feel her cervix again.  When he stepped back he yelled out Five.  

When doggyslut had her next contraction the two slaves stepped up and began flogging her again only harder.  The suction on her tits was also increased.  Doggysluts contractions were now coming about five minutes apart and were so severe that every muscle in her body tensed.  After about fifteen minutes, doggyslut experienced a severe spasm in her bloated, enema filled intestines combined with her most severe contraction yet.  Doggyslut was completely rigid for the duration of the contraction and as soon as it was gone the two slaves flogging her stopped and stepped back.

Dr. Rob stepped up and examined doggysluts cervix again and was obviously pleased with the progress.  He stepped back and announced Nine.  He looked back at Darrell and asked, Do you want to go ahead and break her water or wait for it to happen naturally.  It will be quicker but more severe if we do it for her.  It will also allow you to be ready to collect the amniotic fluid easier.  Darrell nodded his head in agreement and stepped up behind Dr. Rob and bent down to pick up the pan to collect the fluid.  When he stood back up with it in his hand he stood to the side of Dr. Rob and held it directly under doggysluts cunt.  

Dr. Rob picked up a short sharp pointed rod.  He lined the sharp point up with his index finger and held it there.  When he got into position and saw that Darrell was ready, he started forcing his fist into doggysluts cunt finger first.  At about the same time he was forcing his fist into her cunt she had another massive contraction which caused her cunt to clamp down hard on his hand.  Dr. Rob told Darrell, Start stimulating her clit and bring her to orgasm. Time it with the next contraction.  He looked up at the slaves standing on either side of doggyslut and ordered, When you see me nod my head, start flogging her hard until she delivers the baby.  Dont stop until I tell you.  

Darrell reached up with his free hand and started pinching and twisting and rubbing doggysluts clit.  Dr. Rob twisted his hand back and forth as well to stimulate her.  She hadnt had an orgasm in two months and it didnt take much stimulation to bring doggyslut to the edge.  Dr. Rob saw that she was close and said, Back off just a bit and keep her on edge until her next contraction then push her over.  Thats when Ill break her water and labor will kick into high gear.  He found her cervix with his index finger and worked the tip of the pointed rod to his finger tip.  Dr. Rob noticed that doggysluts breathing was beginning to change and said to Darrell and the slaves Get ready, shes about to have another contraction.  A few short moments later doggyslut had an extremely strong contraction and Dr. Rob yelled NOW.

Darrell pinched doggysluts clit hard. For doggyslut, the pain of the contraction and the pain/pleasure from her clit was all she needed to push her over the edge into an orgasm, but when the two floggers came down on her stomach at the same time, harder than ever, it was all of the stimulation she needed to push her into the most massive orgasm she ever had.  When the contraction and orgasm were at their peak, Dr. Rob pushed the pointed end of the rod against the placental sack and ruptured it.  A clear viscous fluid gushed out of doggysluts cunt and into the container that Darrell held.  When it was obvious that they had gotten it all Darrell took the container, poured the contents into a glass and set it on a small table. He then went and stood behind Dr. Rob and watched.

Dr. Rob had stepped back after breaking doggysluts water and went and checked her tits.  The balls of her tits had expanded and almost totally filled the funnels.  There was a clear fluid coming out of them now.  Dr. Rob announced, Her colostrum is flowing now.  It wont be long before she will be producing milk.  A cheer and applause went up at the announcement.  

Doggysluts contractions were now about a minute apart or less.  Dr. Rob came up to Darrell and quietly said, It shouldnt be much longer.  With her contractions this close, it could be any time. Are you ready to do your part?

Darrell answered Yes of course.

After about five minutes, doggysluts contractions were coming on almost continually.  Dr. Rob looked over at Darrell and said, Its time.  Take your position.

Darrell moved to doggysluts head and as he pet her like the doggy bitch she was, he unbuckled the straps holding the dildo gag in her mouth and removed it. When the gag finally came out doggyslut was in the middle of a severe contraction and intestinal cramp.  She let out a hideous scream of agony which brought a cheer from the crowd.  Darrell quickly replaced the dildo with his rampantly erect cock.  As soon as his cock entered her throat, he got a look of ecstasy on his face as the vibrations of her screams massaged his cock.  Doggyslut tried over and over to grab Darrell so she could suck him properly but her shackled arms wouldnt let her.  Darrell was taking it easy at this point and doggyslut was frustrated that he wasnt going to fuck her throat like she really wanted.

Finally when Darrell pulled his cock out for a moment she gasped out Master?

Darrell asked, What is it my slut?

Doggyslut answered with a gasp as a contraction was starting again, May I have my hands free so I can service you better please master?

Darrell got the attention of one of the guards standing at the entrance door and waved him over.  Once the guard was there, Darrell leaned to him and whispered in his ear, Please release the sluts arms.

The guard did as he was instructed and as soon as her arms were free; doggyslut grabbed Darrell by the hips and started pulling his cock into her throat hard.  

It had been an excruciating two months for her.  After having been totally immersed in sex and abuse for the better part of seven months, it was something she had come to crave.  While she was on imposed bed rest the last two months she could hardly stand it.  She had begged and pleaded with her master to let her fuck and suck him.  Darrell didnt want to risk the baby so he adamantly refused her requests and ordered her to stay in the bed.  He wouldnt even let her masturbate and after all of her training, she did not disobey.  So when he finally stuck his cock in her throat, she wanted to suck him with everything she had and she just couldnt do it with her arms and hands shackled.  That is why she asked her master to let her hands free.

Doggyslut used all of her skill to rapidly bring Darrell to the brink of orgasm.  When he felt he was close he pulled out.  It wasnt time yet for him to cum.  He wanted it to be at just the right time.  He knew Dr. Rob would signal him when he could cum.  He looked down at doggyslut and said, Now, now slut.  I know your eager to drink my cum but its not time yet.  Unless you want me to shackle your hands again, you may suck my cock but dont make me cum until I tell you and then I dont want you to swallow it.  Just hold it in your mouth until I tell you otherwise.  Do you understand cunt?

Doggyslut took her mouth off of her masters cock and gasped out a Yes master.

Five minutes later after about the fourth contraction, Dr. Rob said, Doggyslut, you are almost ready.  I know that you are going to want to push on this next contraction, but dont.  Ill tell you when.  Its important that you dont push.  I need to get the baby positioned correctly.  The contraction started and doggyslut did her best to not push.  She wanted to push with every fiber of her being.  The pain in her stomach was considerable and she almost clenched her teeth until she remembered her masters cock was there.  Every muscle of her body stiffened and she was wondering if it would ever end. 

Finally the contraction ended and the whipping stopped.  It was as if everything was over, but doggyslut knew that it wasnt because the baby hadnt been born yet.  Then she heard Dr. Rob say, Alright everyone, when the next contraction starts it will be time.  Doggyslut, you will need to push as hard as you can on the next contraction.

Darrell spoke to doggyslut next and ordered, Slut, you are almost there.  When you feel your next contraction, you are to suck my cum from my cock as I ordered while you push my baby out of your cunt.  Be warned that you are going to feel pain like youve never felt before.  Your challenge will be to suck out my cum and hold it in your mouth when all you want to do is scream.  I know that you can do it though.  You have been my perfect doggyslut.

Doggyslut heard what Darrell said and wondered if she could do all she had to do.  She felt a sense of pride wash over her at him calling her his perfect doggyslut and they gave her the confidence to do what was needed.  Soon she felt a contraction start that was harder than anything she had experienced yet.  She had the incredible urge to push as if she were taking a shit.  All of a sudden she heard PUSH NOW, being yelled by Dr. Rob.  Then all at the same time she felt a sudden pain covering her entire stomach from the two other slaves hitting her with the floggers as hard as they could and the dildo plugging her ass was yanked out and dropped to the floor.  She pushed as hard as she could and every muscle in her body was focused at that moment in forcing the baby out of her. The liquid enema sprayed out of her ass with a great deal of force.  The added effect of expelling the enema added to the severity and length of the contraction.  
 
Darrell quickly realized that doggyslut wasnt sucking and he started yelling Suck doggyslut, suck. He waited a few seconds and she still didnt suck.  He could tell all of her concentration was on pushing and dealing with the cramps and the pain.  He pulled his hand back and swung his open palm and slapped doggyslut across the cheek yelling, Suck doggyslut.

Doggyslut felt the blow and momentarily lost her concentration. She heard Darrells Suck doggyslut followed by Dr. Robs Keep pushing slut. Dont stop now.  She took a deep breath around Darrells cock and all at once she pushed and swallowed his cock completely.  She concentrated on both tasks and the vibrations of her moans of pain and her swallowing muscles massaging his cock quickly brought Darrell to the brink.  She felt his cock swell and remembering her masters order not to swallow his cum pulled back and left just the head of his cock in her mouth.  She started twirling her tongue under the head on the most sensitive part as she heard Dr. Rob order, Relax and push one more time with the next contraction.

Darrell pulled his almost cumming cock out of her mouth and just said, Not quite yet slut.  Its almost time, so when I tell you, you must make me cum.  

Doggyslut took a few deep breaths and when she felt the next contraction start a few moments later, she took a huge breath, opened her mouth and pushed as hard as she could.  Darrell stuck his cock in her mouth and she quickly locked her lips around it and continued sucking and twirling her tongue under the head of his cock.  She felt the flogging begin again.  The pain was so much that she could hardly stand it.  Finally she heard Dr. Rob saying, Keep pushing slut.  The heads already out and the shoulders are starting to show.  Take a deep breath and push one more time.

Doggyslut did as she was told and momentarily relaxed and took a deep breath and pushed again while she sucked hard on Darrells cock again.  She hadnt finished sucking once before she felt her masters cum flooding her mouth.  It also felt as if the weight that had been with her for the last 9 months was suddenly removed from her stomach.  It took her a moment to realize that she had given birth to a baby.  The problem was, she didnt hear any crying.  She started wondering if something was wrong.  Why couldnt she hear the baby crying?

All of a sudden doggyslut noticed a bottle half full of liquid in front of her.  She heard Darrell saying, Spit the cum in the bottle of your tit milk slut.  Doggyslut did as she was ordered and immediately asked in desperation, Whats wrong with the baby, why dont I hear her crying?

Darrell let out a short whistle as doggyslut was asking him about the baby.  He answered her as Prince came up to him, Dont worry about the baby right now.  She is being taken care of.  You arent done with your ordeal yet.  You still need to deliver the placenta.  While you are doing that, you will suck your master as you sucked me.  Dont let him come until Dr. Rob tells you to.  When he does cum, you will hold it in your mouth until I hold the bottle in front of you to spit it into.

Doggyslut was breathing in short gasps after the effort of the delivery.  She managed to gasp out, Yes master.  She no sooner got the words out than she heard Darrell order, Suck Prince.

Prince leapt up onto doggyslut.  His paws were on her chest just above her breasts.  Once he was up, he worked his hind legs closer to doggyslut.  She bent her head back and opened her mouth and tried to capture princes cock in it.  It was quite comical with Princes cock bobbing around as he danced his legs closer and closer to doggyslut.  His cock was stiff in excitement that he was going to be sucked off by his bitch.  It bobbed up and down and side to side.  Doggyslut finally brought her left hand up to grab hold of Princes back above his tail and her right hand grabbed his cock and held it steady as she finally pulled it to her mouth and sucked the entire length into her throat.  Prince began to hump her throat as she sucked.

While all of this was going on, Dr. Rob was working with the baby.  There was nothing seriously wrong with her but her airways were clogged with mucus.  After a few moments of aspiration, cleaning out her nostrils and throat, the baby finally took her first breath.  Then a loud high pitched cry could be heard throughout the arena as the baby was wrapped up in warm blankets and placed in a hospital cradle.  A nurse was beside the baby at all times making sure that everything was all right.  Dr. Rob went over to doggyslut and began pushing down on doggysluts stomach starting at the top and working his way down.  He was trying to speed up the delivery of the placenta.

It was just as doggyslut was taking her first suck of Princes cock that she heard the baby cry.  She smiled and relaxed now that she knew that the baby was all right.  She soon felt someone pushing down against her stomach all of the way around.  This went on for a few minutes before she felt another contraction begin.  It took about ten minutes of massaging and contractions before the placenta began to appear at her cunt.  Dr. Rob said, Push on the next contraction slut and you should be done.  You need to make Prince cum then.

Doggyslut knew that Prince was close and when she heard Dr. Rob say that, she started concentrating on bringing him to the precipice without making him cum.  As soon as she felt the contraction start she began pushing and redoubled her efforts on Princes cock.  She heard Dr. Rob say, Take a deep breath and push again and that should be it.  Its almost all of the way out.  Doggyslut obeyed instantly and just as she pushed down to force the last of the placenta out, Prince came in her mouth.  She kept as much as she could in her mouth but the quantity was so large that she had to swallow some.  She wasnt about to let any leak out and go to waste.  

As soon as Prince got down, Darrell was there with the bottle that she had spit in before.  All he said was, Spit.  Doggyslut complied and spit all of the remaining dog cum into the jar with Darrells cum and her tit milk.  He then took the bottle over to the little tray that held the container of amnionic fluid.  He picked up a bottle nipple and screwed it onto the bottle.  He shook up the three fluids to make one contiguous liquid.  He took the bottle over to the baby and the nurses picked her up and gave her to him.  He cradled the baby in his arms and put the nipple up to her lips.  He cooed to her and said, Thats the way girl.  You drink up that precious liquid from your mommy and her masters.  Its good for you.  You need to drink all that you can my little one.  

As he was saying this he walked over to doggyslut with the baby. When he got to her head he knelt down so that the baby was at her eye level and said, Here is your daughter doggyslut.  You have done well today.  I have decided that her name will be Adrian Michelle Mitchell for the records.  We will give her her slave name when she comes of age.  I would let you have her and hold her, but your night has just begun.  We have to finish the ceremony and then you need to entertain the guests that watched your little show today.  Now give your daughter a kiss and I will take her back to the nurse.

Doggyslut lifted her head up and kissed her daughters cheek.  A tear of happiness came from her eye as she did.  The baby was so beautiful and she looked so healthy.  As Darrell started to take the baby away doggyslut said, Thank you for allowing doggyslut to have your baby master.  Shes beautiful.

Darrell chuckled as he thought back to how all of this started.  He answered, That she is my slut; that she is.  He continued with the baby to the nurse by the cradle.  As he was giving her the baby he saw Dr. Rob at the table with a sharp knife cutting up the placenta into small pieces.  When he was sure that the baby was wrapped up he looked at the nurse and reminded her, Make sure she is at my side at the right time or the ceremony will be ruined.  This is the first time this has been done and I dont want anything to go wrong.  All other slave births will be trying to copy this one so there can be no mistakes.  The nurse just answered, Yes master.

Darrell went over to Dr. Rob who was just finishing up.  He asked, Well doc, so far so good.  Is everything ready for the final part of the ceremony?  Dr. Rob assured him that it was and they wheeled the tray table over by doggysluts head.  Dr. Rob then left and went to the baby to check how she was doing.

Darrell looked up and around the entire arena before he spoke.  When he was finally facing the direction of the organizations board of directors he announced, Mistress Tyree and Master and Mistress Mitchell, will you please join me and doggyslut to partake in the final celebration of the birth of my child.

When they had joined Darrell next to doggyslut, Darrell picked up the small glass holding the amnionic fluid that he had captured when doggysluts water broke. He lifted the fluid up so that all could see it.  He announced, Masters and mistresses, this is the fluid that surrounded, cushioned and protected the baby as it grew inside slave doggyslut.  Those of us here, along with doggyslut will take a drink of this fluid to demonstrate our commitment to protect and nourish the baby until she has come of age to be initiated as a slave into the Coch Organization.  With that said he took a drink of the fluid.  It was obvious from the look on his face that it didnt taste very good but he swallowed it down and handed the glass to Mistress Tyree.  She took a mouthful and swallowed it. She then passed the glass to John Mitchell who did the same and passed it to his wife. Nancy Mitchell took the glass, drank a mouthful and then put it up to doggysluts lips.  She ordered her to drink it up and tilted the glass up to drain the remaining fluid into doggysluts mouth.  Doggyslut swallowed all of it as she was ordered.  

Doggyslut was confused when she heard Mistress Tyrees name called.  She wondered what she had to do with taking care of Michelle.  Her master had explained that only close family members would be participating in this part of the ceremony.  At least she knew that what ever her involvement, she had sworn to protect and take care of her baby.

After doggyslut had finished the last of the fluid, Nancy took the empty glass and placed it on the tray.  Darrell was there and picked up the small bowl that contained the small bits of the sliced up placenta.  He and his mother returned to the small group next to doggyslut and he held the bowl up for all to see. As he did he announced, This is the sack that fed our baby nutrients while it grew inside doggysluts belly.  Everyone that participates in the ceremony tonight must take a piece and eat it.  By doing so, you take on the commitment that you will do all in your power to protect this child as if it were your own.  In exchange for that commitment, you will be among the first to partake of her charms when she is of age and goes through her initiation ceremony.  

Darrell took a piece of the placenta and put it in his mouth.  He quickly chewed it up and swallowed.  He presented the bowl to Mistress Tyree then his parents and then to doggyslut.  Each took a piece of placenta and placed it in her mouth.  Doggyslut really didnt want to, but her training wouldnt allow her to refuse.  After all of them had swallowed their piece, Darrell watched as John went to doggysluts ass end.  He walked up between her spread legs.  He reached up and picked up a tube of lubricant that Dr. Rob had placed on doggysluts stomach.  After he smeared the lubricant on his cock, he dipped down and brought his cock up and after feeling for and finding her asshole, he quickly stuffed his cock up in it.

While he was doing this, Mistress Tyree moved up to doggysluts head.  She walked up to her and placed her cunt over sluts mouth.  Nancy took a step up and grabbed doggysluts arm.  She pulled it out and placed her hand on her cunt.  Doggyslut immediately began to finger Nancys cunt and clit.  

Darrell turned around as the group was taking positions at doggysluts holes.  The nurse was right there with the baby as she was supposed to be.  He picked up the baby and held her above her head and did a full 360 degree turn as he announced, I present to you, my, Master Princes and doggysluts baby.  Her name is Adrian Michelle Mitchell.  She will be known as Michelle by all who love and care for her.  I ask you now, Do you accept Adrian Michelle Mitchell as a full fledged member of the Coch Organization by birthright as a child of a master and his slave?

The crowd yelled out in a loud cheer of HEREHERE

Once the audience had responded, John started fucking doggysluts ass in earnest.  Darrell finished with a final announcement, All of you are invited to partake in the ceremony.  The only requirement is that her cunt is off limits for tonight.  It has seen enough action and I dont want my slave damaged.  All of her other holes are available for your enjoyment tonight.  If you are not willing to take a piece of placenta and eat it then you are not allowed to pleasure yourself with doggyslut.  She is well worth it I swear to you.  Thank you for coming tonight and sharing in our joy.  Enjoy the rest of the evening.

Darrell turned and went to the table where Dr. Rob had sliced up the placenta.  There he saw the umbilical cord and a small portion of the placenta and he picked them up.  He whistled once and Prince came bounding up to him.  Darrell kneeled down and opened his hand holding the cord and placental remains palm up.  Prince sniffed it and then licked it.  He finally took it and ate it.  Darrell went over and sat down in an easy chair next to where the baby was.  The nurse handed him the baby and the bottle. He sat there holding the baby and feeding it the bottle of colostrum with his and Princes cum mixed with it.  He watched as first his parents and then about half of the audience in the arena came up and took a piece of placenta and ate it.  They then fucked one of her two remaining holes.  This went on for about three hours before everyone was done.

Finally the last of the audience that wanted to, finished fucking doggysluts ass.  Just after he finished, Darrell got up and placed the baby back in the cradle and went over to the bowl.  There were only a few pieces of the placenta left.  He whistled for Prince and placed the bowl down on the ground for him.  As he stood up he saw Marta entering the arena with two puppies in her arms.  As she approached, the two slaves that flogged doggyslut turned off the milking pumps and began removing them from doggysluts tits.  Dr. Rob came up and injected each of doggysluts tits with another shot of a hormonal mix to speed up her production of milk.  

As he stepped away, Marta placed the puppies on doggyslut and guided them to her nipples.  They immediately started sucking on her tits to feed.  Marta then took doggysluts hand and placed one on each puppy.  She ordered, Hold your new babies to your tits and feed them.  These are Master Princes babies and you are expected to feed and care for them as if they were your own.

Darrell stepped up beside Marta and said, They will be the only ones to feed directly from your tits other than when I occasionally indulge myself of your sweet nectar.  You will be expected to milk your tits and fill a bottle with your milk to feed Michelle.  Each bottle of milk that you feed her will have either my cum, Princes cum or the cum from both of us mixed in with it.  You will never feed her a bottle that doesnt contain our cum.  I also expect that you will push the bottle up your cunt to warm it to the right temperature for feeding.  That should take just a few minutes.  You will only feed the baby with the bottle stuffed up your cunt.  That way the smell and taste of a females secretions will be natural to her as will the taste of male human and dog cum.  Do you understand slut.

Doggyslut was stunned at what her master had just ordered her to do.  How could they do that to her?  Why couldnt she breast feed her own baby?  She was confused at the order and responded, Master I understand what you told me to do.  But why cant I feed my baby normally?

Darrell responded, Doggyslut, you will not question me on why I want something to be a certain way.  You know that.  You have done such a wonderful job today and given me a wonderful and vibrant daughter.  You will raise her as I say and as a reward to you, I will grant you one wish that does not involve me giving you your freedom or changing how I raise Michelle.  I want you to think about it so dont answer now.  Give it a little time and when you think the time is right then ask.  No matter what happens or how long the time, I promise that I will grant your wish.  I think it is time now to go home.  I will leave you in the good hands of Dr. Rob.  He has a room for you to stay in.  He will bring in Michelle so that you have a chance to bond with her tonight.  I will be back by later in the morning to pick you up.

Doggyslut first had a sad look on her face as Darrell explained that he would not listen to any challenge to his desires for how to raise their daughter.  She immediately brightened up when she heard him grant her a wish.  She initially started to ask for her freedom but that thought was dashed almost before it grew.  Finally when Darrell finished speaking, all she could say was, Thank you master for my wonderful daughter.  I will do my best to take care of her and Princes babies as well.  And thank you master for granting me a wish.  I will think about it very hard.  I want it to really mean something when I ask for it so it may take a while.  Is there any time limit on the gift?

Darrell answered, No doggyslut, there is no time limit.  You can ask for your gift tomorrow, in a week, a month or a year and I will still grant it.  You have done well now, so lean back and rest until Dr. Rob can get you free of your restraints.  By the way, your birthing ceremony went perfectly.  You set a standard that will be hard to beat.  I am proud of you my little slave.  Get a good nights rest now.  He turned and began to walk out saying to Dr. Rob, Good night doctor.  Shes all yours for the rest of the night.  Ill be by sometime late tomorrow morning to pick them both up.  

With that, Darrell left the arena with Prince and the doctor and nurse wheeled a gurney over to doggyslut and lined it up under her.  They then took the next ten minutes to disconnect doggyslut from all of the straps and lower her down to the gurney.  When she was down they rolled her to a room in the facility specially designed for the new mother slaves and their babies.  Doggyslut was taken straight to the bathroom and the nurse ran hot water in the large whirlpool tub.  The nurse stripped down and got in with doggyslut and washed her clean.  She gently cleaned and massaged every part of doggyslut and paid particular attention to her tits and clit.  She brought doggyslut to a good relaxing orgasm and then got out.  She helped doggyslut out of the tub, dried her off and led her to the bed.  She tucked her in and then she brought Michelle to her.  Doggyslut held Michelle and stared into her little eyes and cooed to her and stroked her with the love that is unique to new mothers everywhere.  Doggyslut sighed and at that moment in time, all was right with the world.  Perfection was in her arms and she was looking her in the eyes.


 
This is end of Chapter 28.
   
Please e-mail comments to 
redlegtiger@hotmail.com 

or visit my blog at My Blog URL:  
http://blog.myspace.com/redlegtiger

Let me know what you think of my story.  I am always looking for ideas and invite suggestions.  If you are reading this on Storiesonline or BDSM and like the story please vote and comment.  



Redlegtiger 
