Dean has never been so aware of his own heartbeat before. In this artificially imposed darkness, though, his heart and his breath seem to be deafening, drowning out the rest of the world around him and leaving him helpless. He never imagined how crucial vision is to understanding the world. How vital it is to keep him safe.

He’s learning quickly now, though, and he isn’t surprised when Hank’s fist slams into his face without warning, knocking him off his feet and onto the mat. It’s been an entire morning of this: long enough that Dean’s frustration rivals the ever-present buzz of anxiety in his gut. At least there’s no audience for this exercise in humiliation aside from Vincent—the man didn’t want his other fighters seeing the mighty Fenrir getting the shit kicked out of him. Be bad for business.

“Get up!” Hank orders, and then there’s a burst of agony along Dean’s ribs as the asshole’s foot connects solidly with his body. He grunts, fingers curling into the mat, and starts to push himself to his hands and knees. Only to be knocked on his side again when Hank delivers a second, even more punishing kick.

Fucker broke something that time.

Dean cradles his ribs in an automatic, protective instinct while panting out his pain. It’s hard to breathe deeply, and his mouth tastes like slick copper. Makes him want to puke.

“I must admit this is extremely disappointing, Dean,” Vincent says from somewhere off to his left. “I had hoped you’d pick up a little faster than this.”

“You wear the fucking blindfold for a while,” Dean rasps as he struggles onto his knees. “We’ll go a few rounds: you can show me how it’s done.”

“I can see you aren’t taking this lesson seriously,” Vincent’s voice comes again, calculating and displeased. “Perhaps a little more motivation is required.”

Dean doesn’t like the satisfied, considering weight to the man’s words—it never bodes well—and he pulls the blindfold up now so that he can get a look at Vincent’s face. He isn’t supposed to touch the cloth until someone takes it off, but from Vincent’s expression, breaking that rule is the least of Dean’s worries.

“You have two days, Mr. Mason,” Vincent says, turning away from Dean to face Hank. “I’m canceling his appointments so you’ll have full access to him for the duration, but I expect to see some progress on Thursday.”

Dean’s stomach curdles as Hank gives him a wide, hungry smile. The begging pleas he wants to make—he’ll try harder, he can do this—get stuck behind the sudden blockage filling his throat. Anyway, he isn’t quite far gone enough yet to beg to keep his appointments, no matter what the alternative is.

At least Hank doesn’t expect him to pretend he’s enjoying it.

“Will do, Mr. Camargo,” the asshole says now, and then watches Dean gleefully while Vincent gathers his pager and cell phone and appointment book and takes himself out of the empty gym. Dean meets Hank’s gaze steadily—he refuses to show this sick fuck how afraid he is, how sickened by the prospect of being at Hank’s beck and call.

“You gonna sit up and beg for me, whore?” Hank smirks.

The word—so ugly and hurtful from anyone else—doesn’t really register. Hank’s called him that so many times Dean’s starting to wonder if Hank doesn’t actually think it’s his name.

Dean lifts his head higher, trying to project a confidence he doesn’t feel. Later, he’ll probably beg like Hank wants and pride be damned. He usually does. But that’s later. Right now, he offers the man a broad, shit-eating grin and slides the blindfold back in place over his eyes.

“Bring it, bitch.”