Guy Coffin Story 8 Tippy's Report

By JSR

FIVE YEARS LATER

Tippy is now giving a report to the Physiologists Convention. The report was approved by Guy, in that it is using a double blind system to report on how his harem was started and continues to thrive. All names in the report have been changed, and Tippy is saying that she is just putting the report out for a friend who does not want to be identified, due to her involvement with the harem. This arrangement was approved by the Convention board, with the qualification that she should put in a disclaimer that she is taking on faith that her friend is telling her the truth.

For those that do not know me, my name is Tippy Tulip, and yes that is my real name. The report I am about to give, comes from a friend of mine, who wishes to keep her identity secret. Identifying her would lead to the end of this 'experiment' one that she wishes to take to a further end. Looking down at her notes, she continues, The name of the report is 'How a harem was started, how it functions, and how it has evolved over the time I have been involved.' For the sake of this paper, we will call her Tess.  Whenever the pronouns, I, me and us, are used, they indicate Tess and not myself.

The first part of this report is put together from interviews with all the participants, as it occurred before I was involved. I have interviewed everyone who is participating in this harem, many, many times.

This all started a few months after the harem master's parents got divorced. His mother (Lady 1) was best friends with the next door neighbor (lady 2) who had been divorced a year or so earlier. Both ladies had a daughter, (lady 1's daughter is lady 3, and lady 2's daughter is lady 4). The harem master was a junior in high school at the time this started.

Lady 2 apparently had the hots for the harem master, but he had the hots for Lady 1, and told lady 2 that lady 1 came first, then he would consider sex with lady 2. One evening lady 1 became drunk, and when the HM (harem master) put her to bed, she begged him to fuck her. HM then told lady 1 that if he did, he would become head of the house and she would defer to him in that respect. She apparently said that it was to happen, so he had sex with his mom for the first time. During sex, his mom made so much noise that it awoke lady 3, who went to see what was wrong with her mom. Entering the bedroom, she saw her brother fucking her mom. He saw her and told her explanations would be made in the morning.

In the morning, he explained to lady 3 that he was now head of the household, and that she was to defer to him as such. Lady 1 confirmed this.

After school, HM was taking a shower, when lady 2 entered the shower with him, saying, 'now that you have had your mom, it is my turn to be fucked by you.' That evening when all 5 of the participants were watching TV, lady 2 turned off the TV and announced to the group that they now were the harem of HM, and that she thought that they should all swear allegiance to him. Lady 3 said, 'I swear and promise that I will be true and faithful to HM, that my whole body and soul belong to him for whatever he wants to do with me. Then each of the other three swore a very similar oath. Lady 2 said, 'You will not fuck lady 4, as she is to young to have a child. HM then stated that both ladies 3 and 4 will be put on birth control immediately, and after 30 days, he would start fucking them, and that until they were ready to graduate from high school, they would remain on BC. At that time they would be taken off of BC and would be having his children just as their mothers were to be doing.

There was a girl in school that HM was also in love with. I say also, because he was romantically in love with all four of the ladies in his life. Things happened that have nothing to do with this report, except that lady 5 came to live in the harem. She was also in love with HM. Again he had her put on BC, so that she could graduate from high school, before having a child.

Both HM and lady 5 (who later became HM's legal wife) had a teacher that was young and attractive. HM effectively seduced her, and a year and a half later, she joined the harem. She was to be a member (lady 6) of the harem, and a teacher for the children of the harem.

HM decided that since he had decreed that all the women would have natural child birth, and no drugs, even for pain, he felt that they needed a qualified nurse to help with the delivery of the babies. He came to that conclusion after lady 2 and then lady 1 (lady 1 had twins) had his first three babies. He found a young pediatrics nurse and persuaded her to join the harem (lady 7). She had an older sister who had just finished Med. School, and was coming to visit her. She said that she could get her sister to join as well. Which she did.

HM then bought a defunct Dr.'s office and set up a clinic for them. Their primary work was to be for the harem, but they would also see other pregnant ladies. The Dr. (lady 8) then convinced HM that it would be wise to have a physiologist, in case anyone started having identity problems, and also to document how the harem worked together.

This is where I (Tess) (lady 9) came into the group. She was recruited from a couple of groups of physiologists that were interviewed. None of which were given much information about the job they were being interviewed for. Based on answers to some very abstract questions, I was selected. I agreed to the job, knowing that if I did, there was no getting out. That it would take a 90% vote of the group I was joining, to allow myself, or any other member out of the group.

My first job was to interview everyone in the harem to ascertain their mental condition, and to report to no one but HM. I interviewed them all, and found no mental or emotional problems with the conditions under which they were living. I was then to keep records on each one, to be seen only by myself, and HM. One thing I found when interviewing HM, was that he was deeply in love with each of these ladies, including myself. He was not just loving each one but felt responsible for the happiness of each and every one of them.

When Lady 2 was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer, she committed suicide, before anyone except the Dr. (lady 8) knew it. Had I been brought in before she received the diagnoses, I might have been able to save her, but we will never know.

I should add at this point, when I joined the group, I brought with me my son who was 13 at the time. He was integrated into the group, and has fathered several children in addition to those that HM has fathered. Also after I joined, Lady 5 brought her younger brother into the group. He was a problem child in school, and has since straightened out, and become a model student. He has also father some of the many children in the household. No one worries about who the father was, just that the children are being taken care of, and treated like a child should be. However it I assumed that HM has fathered over half of the children. Another thing that HM has created, is that each baby is never weened. They are allowed to suckle their mother, or any other lady that has milk not needed for her child. In that respect it could be said that the ladies become like milk cows, in that they continue to lactate long after the usual period. This is due to the continued usage of the womans milk, by their children, the children of others, and them men also using their milk. Now and then even other women will use the milk to keep the others lactating. Lady 1 has been lactating for over 10 years now without stopping. It thrills her to no end to be able to have milk for anyone who wants it.

Another thing that HM has done, is to make the compound a nude area. This has stopped a lot of the problems of boys and girls wanting to see each other. They are taught about sex as they are growing up, and have none of the stigma that normal kids have with it. While there are doors on the bedrooms, the people (boys, girls and adults) come and go. Some enjoy watching others have sex, and I have not yet found one of the children involved, until they reach puberty. The oldest child, HM's oldest child, (c1) is now starting into puberty, and a follow up report at a later date will assess how it is working.

CONCLUSION

At this point in my research, I can safely say that while the harem life is not for everyone, It is quite satisfying, for those of us who love sex and children. I cannot say how things will change in the next few years, but as the children grow up, my research will have to expand, and I hope I can keep up with it. I might add at this point, I have had 4 children by one or more of the three men servicing this group, and I am extremely happy with my children and the way they are growing up. I hope that someday they will be in this or some other loving family, that appreciates them for what they are, and not for what they might be.

Thank you for listening to this dissertation, and to the board members who have allowed my friend Tippy to present it to you.

Next Chapter is called Expansion.

Comments and suggestions are always welcomed

storytellerxxx5@gmail.com



