Under Daddy’s Eyes
by Story Guy

UNDER DADDY'S EYES 11

For the next week, Lynda masturbated every night with the memory of the pleasure Matt had given her. She couldn't wait for poker night again. With any luck Matt would do it again!

Finally the big night came. "Are you going to be our waitress again tonight?" her father asked.

"Yeah!" Lynda answered gleefully. "Would it be all right if I waitress naked?"

Her father chuckled. "I bet the guys would love it."

Lynda giggled. "Don't say anything, OK? I wanna surprise them."

Her father agreed, again chuckling.

Lynda waited in her room for the guys to arrive. She could hear them talking but couldn't tell what they were saying. She was excited about getting naked for them again. The attention pleased her and made her feel special. Lynda started to get impatient until she heard her father call out they needed some beers.

Lynda walked through the room where they were playing on the way to the kitchen. The guys all said "Hi," to her as she walked through still dressed. Once in the kitchen and out of sight, she stripped off her clothes. She could already feel the now familiar flutter in her pussy as she pulled four beers from the refrigerator. With her small hands, it was a little hard to carry them without touching her bare belly but somehow she managed.

As she rounded the corner all the men stopped playing and looked at her. "Wow!" and "Nice!" they exclaimed. "You're so cute!" Lynda's face flushed as she heard the compliments. She went to each and let them take a beer, ending with her father.

"Has anyone noticed what you're growing?" Matt asked. The other men looked puzzled but Lynda knew what he meant. She looked down shyly and shook her head. "Can I tell them?" Matt asked.

A smile formed on her face but Lynda didn't look up. "OK," she said softly.

"You guys are all blind. Didn't you notice Lynda's growing hair 'down there'?" Matt announced.

"Really?" Lynda's father blurted, turning to face Lynda. She looked up at him with a big grin. With a finger, she pointed out the few wisps of hair beginning to grow above her slit. "Well how 'bout that! Looks like you're not going to be my little girl anymore. You are still going to be Daddy's girl, aren't you?" he smiled.

"Of course!" Lynda told him as her arms went around his neck.

"Do we get to see?" Henry asked.

Lynda looked at her father and he nodded. "OK," she answered. Proudly she walked to Henry and pointed out the new growth between her legs. He complimented her as she moved to the next man and repeated the same procedure with the same results. She skipped Matt and returned to her father's side.

"Hey, don't I get to see?" Matt frowned teasingly.

"You already know," Lynda giggled.

"So?" Matt teased.

"Oh, OK," Lynda laughed as she walked over to him. He surprised her by picking her up and sitting her on the table instead of just looking as the others had. Lynda giggled as he pulled her legs apart so she was sitting spread eagle in front of him.

Everyone, including Lynda, laughed as he stated, "This, my friends, is how you look at a pretty lady!"

Lynda stayed here for a while almost hoping he'd kiss her special spot again. After allowing Matt to look at her for a while, she jumped off the table. "You can't play cards with me sitting on the table?" she giggled. Matt looked at her with a big false frown on his face. Still giggling, Lynda said, "OK, how 'bout if I just stand next to you?" Matt nodded with a big, childish grin on his face.

Matt picked up the cards and started shuffling as it was his deal. Lynda was facing him when she felt a hand brush her bare ass. She turned to see Henry smile at her without removing her hand. It was the first time Henry had touched her but it felt nice. She smiled back at him and then turned to watch Matt.

Henry's soft, gentle touch excited Lynda. His finger ran down her crack, not pushing into it but barely grazing it. He went down as low as he could with her legs together and then slid back up. On his third slide down, Lynda's pussy was getting damp. Slowly, so the others would not notice, she parted her legs a little. Henry's hand went between them and snaked along her pussy lips.

Matt dealt out the cards as Henry continued to stroke Lynda. She bit her lip to keep from moaning. As Matt finished, the men picked up their cards but Henry picked his up with one hand as he continued to run his other down Lynda's ass crack and around to the top of her pussy and back.

"You suck as a dealer, Matt," Henry mumbled as he tossed the cards down. "I fold." The others continued to play as Henry sat back to watch and, unnoticed by the others, continue to rub Lynda. She was fighting to remain looking "normal" as her body began to respond to the touching. Her hips were slowly moving, pushing back when his hand was on her ass and forward when he reached her pussy.

"Would you get the chips?" George asked, completely unaware of what was happening.

Lynda almost moaned in disappointment but caught herself. "Ok," she mumbled as she turned reluctantly to go into the kitchen at the same time breaking contact with Henry.

"I'll give you a hand," Henry offered as he followed the weak kneed girl into the kitchen.

Lynda walked to the counter and reached for a bowl. "Lean on the counter," Henry told her softly. Lynda wasn't sure why he made such a request but she did as he asked placing her hands on the edge and bending forward. "Open your legs," Henry whispered.

Lynda now knew what he had in mind and her legs parted. Immediately his hand slid between them to her wet pussy. Lynda's eyes closed as she bent forward more and rested her head on the counter. Henry didn't go slowly this time. He found her tiny love button and began rubbing around it. Lynda's breathing became ragged as her arousal grew.

Her legs opened more giving Henry better access to her promise land. She gasped as a finger slid into her. With Henry alternating between rubbing her clit and sinking a finger into her tunnel, Lynda climaxed. Her knees bent as she pushed against his hand. Henry knew what he was doing.

"Hey, where's my chips!" George called out.

"You stay there. I'll bring them out," Henry offered as he poured the chips from the bag into the bowl.

"Thanks," Lynda muttered weakly as he left the kitchen. She rested for only a moment before she forced herself to stand and return to the others. Her face was still flushed as she returned to the card room but no one seemed to notice, or rather no one said anything.

For the next hour or so, Lynda continued to waitress. She began to notice tents forming in the men's pants. Their erections excited her, not only because she knew what they were but because she was causing them.

Lynda's father was having a bad night. Although not much money was actually being bet, his pocket was getting empty. Lynda was standing next to him watching him play. She didn't know too much about the game but saw 3 of a kind in his hand and knew that was pretty good. No one had folded and the pot was getting rather large by their standards. Her father had already bet what remained of his cash on the hand and was about to get more money from his bedroom when Lynda stopped him.

"Bet me Daddy!" she giggled.
"OK," he agreed as he put Lynda up against all other bets.

"Wait a minute," Henry chuckled. "What do we get if we win her?"

Lynda looked at her father and whispered, "I know you're gonna win, but I can give the winner a blow job if you don't." Her father nodded and Lynda made her announcement to the table.

"I'll accept that!" Matt exclaimed, followed by the agreement of the others.

Betting ended and Lynda's father proudly displayed his three kings. Matt and Henry both threw their hands on the table with obvious disappointment. Everyone looked at Henry who was still holding his cards. A big smile came over his face as he happily placed his cards on the table. "Shit!" Lynda's father exclaimed as he had lost.

A slight flush came over Lynda's face as she walked over to Henry. "You won me," she giggled.

"Yup," he said as he pushed his chair back from the table, "but you don't have to do it if you don't want to."

Lynda looked at his lap as the other's words echoed in her ears. "She'll do it." "It was her idea." Finally her father added, "You did win, and she was the bet."

Slowly Lynda reached for his belt and unbuckled it. She had already given one blow job but only one so she was a little nervous. She unzipped his pants and grabbed them along with his boxers. Henry lifted allowing Lynda to pull his clothes to his ankles.

Lynda's eyes opened wide and a gasp came from her lips. Henry was far bigger than Buddy and even bigger than Matt. "You're big," she muttered. Her comparatively small hand almost didn't reach around the stiff prick.

She started stroking Henry, causing him to squirm some. Matt and George began to protest, saying it wasn't fair and that wasn't the bet. Henry wasn't complaining though. "Go on, you can do it," Lynda's father told her.

Lynda continued to stroke as she knelt down in front of Henry's parted legs. She leaned forward kissing the purplish tip of his stiff cock. Tentatively she opened her mouth some but found the rod larger than she expected. Stretching her jaw more, she finally succeeded in getting it in her mouth. It was big but Lynda was proud to be able to accomplish her feat.

As her hand continued to stroke him, her head began to bob. Soft but deep tones were coming from Henry. His obvious pleasure excited Lynda and she quickened her pace. Her jaw felt uncomfortably wide but the idea of making Henry cum far outweighed the discomfort.
Lynda could feel the wetness between her legs. She wanted to touch herself but didn't because she wanted to make sure she did a good job for Henry and knew if her hand was between her own legs she could never concentrate. Being aroused and concentrating on the cock in her mouth seemed to make the rest of the room disappear. Henry was squirming more now.

Henry's hips shot forward pushing his cock deeper into Lynda's mouth. She almost choked. Suddenly her mouth was filled with cum. She swallowed as more cum erupted from the pulsating cock. Determined to not let any cum dribble from her mouth, Lynda continued to swallow until the flow ended.

Her jaw was sore as she pulled away from the spent cock but there was a big smile on her face. She had managed to swallow all of Henry's cum and hadn't even dribbled a drop. She could hear the others cheering as she looked up at Henry. He too had a big smile. "You're pretty good," he grinned. "I think you deserve a reward."

Lynda had no idea what he was talking about. She stood and watched as Henry did also, pulling up his pants. A surprised look came over her face as he lifted her off the ground and cradled her in his arms. "What are you doing?" she blurted.


UNDER DADDY'S EYES 12

Henry picked Lynda up and carried the nude girl to an overstuffed chair. She watched him with a puzzled look after he sat her down. Henry knelt in front of her and his hands went to the back of her knees. Lynda had no idea what he was going to do until he pulled her legs forward. She flopped down on her back on the chair seat. Henry had not only pulled her down, he had also spread her legs wide.

"What are you doing?" Lynda blurted as her face turned red. Being nude with the guys was one thing but in the position she was in, her pussy was almost on display which embarrassed her. She tried to close her legs but Henry held them open.

Lynda was about to protest being held until Henry's head went between her legs. "What are you doing?" she blurted again, still red from embarrassment. "Daddy, what's he gonna do to me?"

"He won't hurt you, I promise," Lynda's father reassured.

Something wet hit her pussy. It took only a moment for Lynda to realize it was his tongue. "Noooo!" she begged as her embarrassment increased. Henry ignored her pleas and continued.

"Don't do that," Lynda half heartedly protested. Being opened as she was and having Henry's tongue licking her pussy was making Lynda red with humiliation but her body was beginning to respond.

Henry's tongue was circling her opening. Lynda wanted to push his head away and close her legs but hesitated because of the wonderful sensations he was giving her. She had fingered herself a number of times and Buddy's and her father's finger had been in her pussy too but this was different. Her eyes darted around the room and she saw all the men watching her. She was still a little embarrassed but that feeling was quickly being replaced with lust.

Lynda gasped as Henry's tongue parted her pussy lips and slid in. Her eyes bulged in surprise at the intense sensation. This was nothing like a finger. After twisting and turning, the tongue pulled out and slid up to her clit. Her hips shot up as Henry's tongue made a lazy circle around her love button.

"Nooo... Please... Stop..." Lynda pleaded. These new sensations were making her lose control and that frightened her. "Don't!" she begged as her hips ground her pussy into Henry's face. As much as she pleaded, she hoped he would continue. She cursed her body for responding so much.

Lynda again gasped as Henry's tongue slid back into her. This time she didn't beg him to stop. She tried but couldn't hold back a low guttural moan. Her body had won its battle with her mind and she could feel her passions rising. Her own juices added to the wetness of Henry's mouth. Her eyes slowly shut as her mind began to concentrate on the pleasures being produced between her legs.

The room was silent except for an occasional moan from Lynda combined with the sound of her ragged breathing. She no longer cared about her legs being splayed and Henry's face mashed against her pussy lips. Her hands absent mindedly ran through his hair. Her body was on fire. Her hips were bouncing her ass uncontrollably against the seat cushion of the chair.

"Oooooo!" Lynda cried as her orgasm finally hit. Her lungs sucked in air then froze. Her ass lifted pushing her pussy against the tongue assaulting it. Never before had she felt an orgasm this intense. As her brain began to fade, her lungs finally started working again. Air hissed through her teeth as her lungs expelled it. Again she sucked oxygen into her body, reviving her brain.

Unlike every other orgasm Lynda had experienced, this one wasn't ending. Her stomach muscles quivered as waves and waves of pleasure washed over her. Henry continued to lick the now helpless girl. She shuddered as his tongue once again sank into her body. Everything was blurry to her except the clear pleasure between her legs.

Henry, sensing the girl's almost seizure like movements, finally backed away. After a few moments, Lynda's movements stopped and she settled down. Her legs were still wide open and her pussy lips swollen and soaked. Her eyes were still closed but there was a slight smile on her face.

As her mind cleared, Lynda realized Henry had stopped. The air on her wet pussy was causing a slight chill, adding to the tingling still pulsating throughout her body. She knew her legs were still wide open and her pussy exposed to all but she didn't have the strength yet to move. Her long orgasm had completely drained her.

Lynda's eyes finally focused and were able to see the men again. They had already dealt the next poker hand and were playing. Slowly Lynda closed her legs and sat up in the chair. It took almost all of the strength she had just to do that. "I bet Lynda," she heard Henry say. A few seconds later George announced he had won.

George stood and walked to the chair Lynda was sitting in. He held out his hand to her to help her up. Lynda stood on wobbly legs and George led her over to the table. "Lean down so your chest is on the table," he told her. Lynda didn't know why he told her that but was grateful to rest on the table. Her legs still didn't really have the strength to hold her up much longer.

She reached across the table to grab the opposite edge pulling her body up some so as not to slide to the floor and lowered to the table. There were many more comfortable places to lay down maybe but she didn't really care. Rest was the important thing now.

George's hands side up and down her back and ass cheek a few times. It felt nice but he stopped rubbing and his hands stopped on her ass. Lynda felt her cheek being spread open. She was going to protest but she was just too spent. Instead she buried her face in her arms so no one could see the redness from her embarrassment. After her pussy had just been displayed, and after what Henry had done, someone looking at her rear opening didn't make much difference anyway.

Something wet touched her pussy. A small smile formed on her lips. She was going to be treated again. She tried to push her slit out some to give George better access. Shock enveloped her as his tongue grazed her pussy lips then slid up her ass crack. Again his tongue hit her pussy so she relaxed once more. As it did before though, his tongue moved up. "No! Don't do that! It tickles! That's nasty! Stop!" she protested after finding herself pinned against the table unable to escape.

George ignored the girl and continued to lick her. Lynda looked up and saw her father smiling at her. "Daddy, make him stop," she pleaded.

"Relax, sweetheart, you'll love it," Lynda's father reassured.

"He's putting his tongue in my bum!" Lynda gasped as George's tongue pushed into her rear opening. Lynda's father just smiled again and nodded. Lynda buried her face in her arms, her face bright red with embarrassment. No one had ever tried to touch her there before like this. Wendy had pushed a finger into her ass but it didn't feel like this. Wendy's finger had hurt a little but George's tongue actually felt nice. Still, the idea of something going into her ass was a little unsettling.

Lynda fidgeted a little more trying to escape more than anything else. Instinctively she pushed her stomach into the table each time George's tongue entered her. Much to her surprise, her body began to respond. It didn't feel the same as when Henry had tongued her pussy but this felt nice too. As nasty as Lynda thought it was, it was turning her on anyway.

George continued to alternate between licking around her opening and pushing his tongue into her. Lynda's nerves seemed to be piquing. George's light touches were almost magnified. When he pushed his tongue into her, Lynda couldn't help but to push back against him. She could feel the juices leaking from her pussy. George gently blew on her wet rosebud giving her a chill. The resulting shiver seemed to pulsate throughout her body making her gasp.

Lynda rose up on her toes and pushed back against George's tongue. Her face was still red but not from embarrassment anymore. Her breathing was labored and she was starting to moan. The vileness of what was being done to her only served to increase her arousal. "Ahhhh..." Lynda moaned as George's tongue seemed to go deeper than it had. Lynda pushed back hard. George's tongue began to move around inside her. She squealed as her orgasm erupted.

Lynda wanted to crawl up onto the table to get away from George but at the same time she wanted him to continue. Her legs gave out and her stomach pushed into the table. "Nooo!" she groaned as she continued to climax. For the first time in her life, she was having an orgasm without anything even touching her pussy.

A hand began to slide up the inside of her leg. Lynda cursed the table because it held her from pushing her body down to meet the rising hand. Her whole body was quivering. The hand finally reached her pussy and a finger sunk into her triggering a second orgasm. George's tongue continued to assault her asshole. The intense sensations were overtaking her. She was having difficult time breathing. As she gasped for air, the room began to fade. "Stop!" she shouted. "No more! Please!"

George heard her pleas and stopped his actions. Lynda's body finally stopped moving. She could hear the sounds of movement in the room but couldn't pick up her head yet. Her body was now completely drained of strength. All she could do was to breathe and try to focus her mind once again.

Lynda had no concept of time but the sound of the door jarred her mind. She looked up to see the men leaving. She tried to stand but couldn't seem to muster enough energy. "Ready for bed?" she heard her father ask.

"Could you carry me?" she asked in a weak voice. Her father grasped her arm, helped her stand, and then picked her up. Holding her as she snuggled against him, he started down the hall.

"Have fun tonight?" he asked.

"Yes," she whispered. "He licked my bum."

"I know. Did you like it?" her father asked.

"Yeah, but it's nasty. It felt good though," Lynda stammered. "Do people really do that? Is it OK?"

"You liked it?" he inquired.

Lynda thought for a moment. "Yeah" It was kinda embarrassing, but it did feel good, so I guess I liked it."

"Then it's OK," he chuckled. Her father put her on her bed. She was still naked but didn't have the energy to put a nightgown on. He kissed her cheek and left the room, turning out her light as he closed the door.

Lynda's asshole and pussy were still tingling. One more climax would have been ideal but she was too tired to do it herself. Her eyes closed and she soon fell into a blissful sleep.


UNDER DADDY'S EYES 13

Lynda spent the entire following week, well the nights at least, masturbating as she remembered her experiences at the last poker night. She couldn't wait for the next game her father would host but this week was Henryï¿½s turn to have the game at his house. Unfortunately for Lynda there would be no "playing" at this game with Henry's wife there. Still, she would get to spend some time with Henry's two daughters. They lived in the next town so except for vacations and an occasional sleep over, poker nights at Henry's was the only time Lynda saw them.

Sally was the oldest one. She was 14, just over two years older that Lynda. Her sister, Jess, was 11 but almost a year younger than Lynda. It was kind of like having an older sister and a younger one when they were together. Because of the age differences though, it usually ended up with Lynda and Jess being the "sisters" and Sally being the "babysitter".

As soon as Lynda and her father arrived at Henry's house, Lynda headed down the hall to find her friends. Henry's wife had told her they were in their rooms. The first room she came to was Jess's. The door was open so Lynda just walked in. "Hi!" she greeted.

"Good! I'm glad you're here! Now I have someone to talk to!" grumbled Jess.

"You're in a bad mood," observed Lynda. "Where's Sally?"

"She's being a jerk!" snapped Jess.

As she spoke, Sally walked into the room. "Hi Lynda. Now the 'little girl' has someone she can play with."

"I'm not a 'little girl'!" yelled Jess.

"Yeah, right... and you've had lots of boyfriends and done lots of stuff too," teased Sally. "Well, now you can play dolls or something with Lynda because she probably hasn't done anything either, right Lynda?"

The obvious slight angered Lynda. She could tell Sally and Jess had been fighting but she hadn't done anything and wasn't involved. "What makes you think I haven't done anything?" countered Lynda.

"I didn't mean anything against you, Lynda," Sally apologized. "It's just 'little miss goody two shoes' here has been all over my case since she saw me kiss my boyfriend last night. Seems she doesn't know what boys and girls do together. She doesn't even know!"

"He wasn't just kissing you!" Jess interrupted. "He was rubbing your boob!"

"See what I mean?" Sally jeered at Jess. "I just thought where you two were both the same age, you would have more 'in common' if you know what I mean, Lynda. No boy has ever touched you, right?"

Lynda blushed slightly. "Well... I'm still a virgin if that's what you mean."

"You mean you have done stuff?" questioned Sally.

Lynda's pride rose as Sally genuinely seemed intrigued by the response she had been given. Sally's angry tone had disappeared too. "You've done that too?" Jess added.

The argument between the two sisters dissipated and both started quizzing Lynda. The conversation evolved to where Jess was asking both girls about their experiences and what it was like and Sally and Lynda "comparing notes" about what they had done.

It turned out that Sally had been "felt up" by her boyfriend and he had gone as far as feeling her under her shirt but over her bra. He had tried to put his hand on her crotch once but she had been scared and had stopped him as soon as his hand had landed between her legs. Sally had wanted to feel his cock but after preventing him from feeling between her legs, she had been too shy to try. Sally did masturbate almost every night. Jess, as it turned out, was really innocent and had never even masturbated. She shyly had admitted she didn't know how.

"Wanna learn how to get yourself off?" Lynda asked with a big grin.

"OK, I guess so," Jess tentatively answered.

"OK, first take your jeans and panties off," Lynda instructed.

"Huh? I don't know..." Jess hesitated.

"It's really fun, Jess. If you'd feel better, we'll all take our pants off," suggested Sally.

"Well... OK... You're gonna do it too, right?" conditioned Jess, still a little nervous but hesitant not to go along with the other two after fighting with her sister all afternoon. Lynda and Sally both nodded and all three stripped their pants and panties off and sat on the bed.

"OK, now open up your legs and put your hand between them," Lynda continued.

"Like this?" Jess asked as her hand went between her legs. "Is it OK to do this?"

"It's fine!" Sally blurted with a hint of irritation. "Just rub your slit until you find the place where it tingles when you touch it."

As the other two watched, Jess ran her hand around as she thought they meant. Not knowing what she was doing yet, she avoided her opening and only touched around the edges. "I don't feel any 'tingling' or anything."

"Lay back. I'll show you," Lynda told her. Jess lay down on the bed but kept her legs closed. "Open your legs now," Lynda instructed. With a slight blush, Jess did as she was asked. Lynda reached down between Jess's legs and began to run her finger down Jess's slit.

"Oh!ï¿½"Jess exclaimed as she jumped slightly.

Lynda giggled. "That's gotta be the spot. Did you feel a tingle?" A smile came over Jess's face as she nodded. "OK, you rub that spot. The more you rub, the better it feels. If you keep rubbing, you'll get a big thrill! Hey Sally, let's all do it, OK?ï¿½"Sally nodded and all three girls began to rub themselves.

It didn't take long before Lynda climaxed. Touching Jess had excited her, although she wasn't about to tell the others that. Sally soon followed and a few minutes later Jess tried to emulate the others but hadn't experienced her first climax yet.

The three were all on their backs recovering when Sally spoke. "Lynda, how far have you gone anyway?"

Having an older girl question her made Lynda feel proud and mature. "I haven't got fucked if that's what you mean but I have made a boy climax and a boy's made me climax. I even learned how to do it a different way." Sally looked at her with a puzzled expression. "He did it in my bum," Lynda lied blushing slightly.

"Really? That sounds yucky! What did it feel like?" Sally gushed.

Looking over at the nightstand, Lynda saw a bottle of hand cream. "Roll over on your hands and knees and I'll show you," Lynda grinned.

"Ah... I don't think so..." hesitated Sally.

"Hey, I did what she told me to. You gonna be the baby now?" Jess teased.

"No!" Sally snapped. "Why don't we both do it!"

A shocked look came over Jess. She hadn't expected that challenge. Not willing to back down, she got on her hands and knees next to her sister. Both were slightly uneasy about what was going to happen but neither wanted the other to know how they felt.

Lynda reached for the hand cream. She opened the top and squeezed some on Sally's ass crack. Sally jumped a little but didn't protest. Lynda then squeezed some onto Jess. "OK, you guys ready?" she asked.

"Anytime you are!" Sally boasted.

"Yeah!" Jess agreed meeting her sister's unspoken challenge.

Lynda put the middle finger of each hand on one of the girlsï¿½ assholes. At first she rubbed the cream around a little. Lynda was a little excited by the whole situation. She had never touched another girl and doing so made her feel kind of powerful. Both girls were now slippery and Lynda pushed her fingers against the girls' rear openings.

Lynda's finger seemed to slip into Jess but Sally clamped shut. "Come on, Sally, let it in!" Lynda scolded. Sally, not wishing to be shown up by her sister, forced her ass to relax. As she did, Lynda's finger entered her.

Jess remained still and quiet but Sally jumped as she was impaled. Lynda continued her steady pressure and watched with amazement as her fingers disappeared into the girls' asses. She was surprised at the tightness and warmth she felt. As her fingers reached their maximum depth, Jess moaned.

"That feels funny," Jess mumbled. "It kinda tickles."

Lynda began to move her fingers in and out of the girls. Sally remained stiff but Jess began to push against her. "Wanna keep going?" Lynda asked.

"Uh-huh," Jess mumbled, obviously enjoying herself.

"Let's show her a real good time," Sally suggested as she pulled herself away from the intruding finger. Once free, Sally spun around and sat on the bed. Reaching under her sister's belly, Sally ran her hand down to Jess's pussy. She could feel the wetness.

Sally's finger slipped easily into the folds of Jess's wet slit. A groan greeted the finger as it went into Jess's belly. She unconsciously opened her legs more giving Sally more access to the new found pleasure spot.

Lynda, with her finger buried deeply into Jess's asshole, felt Sally's finger slide into Jess's pussy. Lynda smiled at Sally knowing she could feel the closeness of their fingers too. "Let's get her off again," Sally told Lynda.

Sally and Lynda grinned at each other as their fingers began to plunge in and out of Jess's two openings. Almost immediately Jess began to squirm and her breathing went from deep and steady to short, gasping breaths.

Jess began to move her hips in time with the invading fingers. Her head lowered to the bed as she became more aroused. "Had enough yet?" Sally teased.

Jess shook her head violently. "No! Don't stop!" she half moaned, half shouted. The two others continued to finger the eager girl. "Something's happening," Jess groaned as an orgasm washed over her young body. "More!" she begged, not wanting this new feeling to end.

Sally and Lynda willingly masturbated the climaxing Jess even harder. Both were mesmerized by Jess's wiggling body. "Ahhh! Stop!" Jess suddenly yelled. "Something just felt like it ripped!"

Jess jumped to an upright position ripping Lynda's finger from her asshole. Sally's face turned white. "I'm sorry! I didn't mean to do it!" Sally exclaimed as a pink tinged finger came into view. "Come on!" she yelled as she grabbed Jess's hand and dragged her from the room and towards the bathroom.

Lynda's father came out of the bathroom as the two partially nude girls rushed by him and shut the door. He looked up and saw Lynda sitting on the bed in Jess's room. "What was that all about?" he asked.

"I donno," Lynda replied. "We were showing Jess some stuff when she yelled and Sally's finger had blood on it."

"Don't worry about it. I'm sure she'll be fine. When we get home tonight I'll explain what happened. They'll probably be in there for a while. The game's breaking up anyway. Why don't you get dressed and we'll get going, OK?"

Lynda was still concerned about Jess but her father's reassurance comforted her. She climbed off the bed and dressed as her father waited. When she had finished, they went downstairs, said their goodbyes and left.

At home, Lynda's father explained that Jess had lost her cherry, as he called it. He went further telling her all girls were born with it and most lose theirs by making love. He told her there was some pain involved and sometimes a little blood but it was something no girl had to worry about. Lynda accepted his explanation but still was a little concerned about losing her virginity and how much it might hurt.


UNDER DADDY'S EYES 14

Poker night this week was at Matt's again. Lynda was happy as it had been a while since she had seen Wendy and was anxious to spend some time with her. It would be an "off night" for Lynda since she wouldn't be able to play with the guys because Wendy and her mother would be there. With all the new experiences, Lynda was a little disappointed with that but next week the guys would be at her house so...

Arriving at Matt's house, Lynda almost ran through the living room, shouting her "hellos" as she went, and headed for Wendy's room. Her door was open but the room was dark. Lynda checked the room anyway but Wendy wasn't there. Thinking she might be in Buddy's room, Lynda headed there.

Buddy's door was locked so Lynda knocked. "Yeah?" Buddy hollered.

"It's me, Lynda," she answered. "Is Wendy in there?"

A few moments later, Buddy opened the door. He explained that Wendy and her mother had gone out for the evening and only he and his father were home. A disappointed look came over Lynda's face. Feeling sorry for her, he asked, "Wanna come in and hang out with me?" Lynda agreed and walked into the room. Buddy closed the door as Lynda sat on his bed. She looked over at his computer and saw the image of a nude girl on it.

Buddy, seeing what Lynda was looking at, blushed. "Sorry," he mumbled as he went to his computer and shut down the browser.

"That's OK," Lynda giggled, then added, "I don't care if you wanna look at girls. Go ahead."

"Na, I don't wanna anymore. There all too old anyway. I wish they had younger girls," answered Buddy.

"Young girls can't have their pictures on the net. Besides, they don't have much to show anyway. I wish I looked like the girl you were looking at," Lynda said in a low voice.

"I think you look better than her," Buddy flattered.

"Yeah, right! I just started wearing a bra. I can't even fit into most of them," confessed Lynda.

"No, really. I've seen you already, remember?" he blushed slightly. "I thought you looked great. It was fun!"

"Yeah," Lynda mumbled. "You really liked my body?"

"Yeah," Buddy grinned. "I'd like to see it again."

"I dunno..." Lynda stuttered. Being naked for the poker guys was fun but she was the one getting all the attention. With Buddy she thought he'd want to "play around" again and she was somewhat afraid.

Sensing her reluctance, Buddy tried to convince her. "We don't have to do anything. If you want, I'll let you see me again too."

Lynda was still a little nervous. With her father"s poker friends, she knew they wouldn"t hurt her and her father was there anyway. Now it was just her and Buddy. Still, he was a boy and even if he was a lot smaller than the men, he was still nice to look at. Besides, her father was just in the next room. After pondering for a moment, she looked at Buddy. "No touching, OK?"

Buddy agreed. For a few minutes neither did anything. "So you wanna?" he asked. Lynda nodded but still didn't move. Again they looked at each other. "I'll start, OK? Then you take your clothes off too," Buddy offered. Lynda again nodded and Buddy pulled his tee over his head. Lynda still hadn't moved. "You gonna take your clothes off too?" Buddy questioned.

Lynda didn't answer but reached for the bottom of her tee and pulled it off. She wished she had worn one of her pretty bra and panty outfits instead of the plain white set she had on. Simultaneously they both dropped their jeans to their ankles and stepped out of them. It was Buddy's turn to hesitate. Lynda noticed the bulge in his underwear and knew he was stiff. Making a boy hard excited her. She wanted to see him. Realizing he was now waiting for her, she pulled off her training bra.

Buddy stared with a grin. Lynda liked his apparent approval. Getting more anxious to see his hard cock, she hooked her thumbs into her panties and pushed down a little. She hoped he wouldn't notice her legs trembling with nervousness. Even though he had already seen her naked and she wasn't that shy, for the first time there was just the two of them. Even when she had given him her first blow job, her father had been close by. This was different though.

Buddy's shyness was completely gone with his lust to see Lynda nude. He reached for the waistband of his underwear and pushed them down stepping out of them. As he did, his erection slapped against his belly. The suddenness of his actions made Lynda hesitant to delay and she too pushed her panties down. The two stood for a while and stared at each other.

"Wanna sit on the bed?" Buddy asked. Lynda nodded and both sat of the bed. "I've never touched a girl's chest..." Buddy started. "Would it be OK if I touched yours... for just a second... just to see what it feels like?" Lynda nodded.

Buddy nervously reached out for her small tit. Tentatively he ran his fingers across the nipple before gently cupping her breast. Lynda liked his touch. For some reason she felt shy so looked down, away from his face. His erection caught her eye. It was standing straight up. She wanted to touch it but was afraid if she moved, he would stop rubbing her tit. It seemed strange to her. She had enjoyed many sexual experiences but this seemed a little different from all the others. Instead of her following the lead of others or doing what she was asked, she was doing it with someone.

Lynda had heard a few of the girls at school talk about boys mashing their tender breasts or pinching actually making the experience painful. Buddy wasn't doing that. His touch was gentle. Lynda could feel her little nipples getting stiff and poking into his palms. She was still sitting motionless letting him touch her when his hand left. "Thanks, that was nice," he shyly mumbled.

Immediately Lynda missed his touch. "You don't have to stop if you don't wanna... it's OK if you wanna keep touching me... I don't mind..." she almost blushed. She didn't want him to stop but actually telling him was something she didn't know how to do. Buddy grinned and his hand returned.

He rubbed for a few minutes. "We'd be more comfy if we laid down," he suggested. As if on cue, both reclined. "You can touch me if you want," Buddy offered. As Lynda reached for his toy, his hand slid down her belly to settle between her legs.

The two explored each others sex for a short time before Buddy spoke again. "Let's do it," he mumbled.

"Huh?" Lynda blurted as the shock of his suggestion began to sink in.

"You know... not just touch each other... let's really do it," Buddy stammered, not sure how to say what he wanted but filled with lust enough to try.

"I gotta go to the bathroom. I'll be right back, OK?" Lynda told him. Part of her wanted the same thing as he did but the other part was scared to death. Her mind was spinning. In her fog, she stood and walked from the room not really fully aware she was naked. She pulled the door closed behind her and headed for the bathroom still unsure of what she was going to do.

"Having fun?" a voice from behind her asked.

Lynda spun around in panic to see her father there. Her jaw dropped. "Please don't be mad at me!" she blurted.

He smiled at her reassuringly. "I'm not mad. I've told you that you can do what you want to."

A little smile came to Lynda's face. "I know." She hesitated before continuing. "I don't know what I want. He wants to do it and I kinda want to too. I'm scared though. What if I bleed or it really hurts? What do I do?"

"What do you want to do?" her father questioned.

"I wanna do it too... but I'm too scared... I don't know... what if I get pregnant or something?" she answered.

"I understand. Some girls let boys put it in their backsides," he suggested.

Lynda thought for a moment. She remembered the feelings when Henry had tongued her there. Maybe that would be her answer. "Could I do that?" she asked.

"You can if you want to. Is that what you want?" he asked. Lynda shyly nodded. "Come into the bathroom for a minute," he told her. Lynda followed him not sure what he wanted. She watched as he opened the cabinet and rummaged for a minute. He pulled a jar out. "Bend over," he ordered.

"What are you gonna do?" she asked.

"If you're going to do it that way, you'll need some lube so it won't hurt. I know it's a little embarrassing but it will only take a second. Bend over," he explained. Lynda did as he asked. Her face flushed as she felt her ass cheeks separated and a greasy finger touched her rear opening. He rubbed around a little then pushed his finger into her. She was surprised at how easily it slipped in.

The whole thing was over in a few moments. "All set. Go ahead and have fun," he told her. She stood and he turned on the water and began to wash his hands. As he did, she left.

Lynda reentered the bedroom. Buddy was still on the bed and his stiff boycock still hard. As Lynda took her place beside him, his hand returned to her pussy and he began rubbing again. "I'll let you do it but we're going to do it a different way." Buddy looked at her a little confused. "I don't want you to put it in there. If you wanna do it, you gotta put it in the other side," she explained.

"OK," Buddy agreed. Lynda rolled over onto her stomach, opened her legs, and waited. Buddy positioned himself between her legs and settled on top of her. Lynda could feel his erection between her ass cheeks. Buddy grasped his cock, aimed as best he could, and pushed. He slid across the opening but didn't enter. He tried a few more times with the same result.

Lynda reached behind her to help the struggling boy. She took hold of his cock and aimed it at her asshole. Being inexperienced himself, Buddy just plunged forward. Lynda winced as the cock sank deeply into her. He did go in easy but she felt like she was being split in two. "Aaahhh...Wait!" she yelled.

Buddy froze. Her reaction frightened him. "Sorry!" he exclaimed. "Want me to take it out?"

"No, just wait a minute," Lynda gasped. His entry had hurt but she had gone this far and didn't want to back out now. A boy's cock was really inside her. She just wanted a little time to recover. Buddy was motionless.

"You feel nice," he whispered.

To Lynda, it still felt like a tree trunk was in her ass but the pain was subsiding. Buddy's comment pleased her. She was making a boy feel good with her body. His cock didn't feel as good as Henry's tongue had but she was proud anyway. She was a woman giving pleasure to a boy. "OK," she said softly. The "filled" feeling was still there but it didn't hurt any more.

Buddy began to instinctively move his cock in and out of the girl beneath him. He had been masturbating for a few years now but this was far better than his hand. His cock was being squeezed inside Lynda's warm, moist cave. The sensations he was experiencing were the most intense he had ever felt.

Lynda could feel Buddy's cock moving inside her. The sensations she was feeling weren't bad but the idea of what was happening was far more exciting. She was really getting fucked! She had felt her father's finger in her ass and Henry's tongue but neither was as exciting as this. Buddy's breath was hot on her neck as he breathed hard. The animal like noises he was emitting excited her. She liked the feeling of his belly bumping against her ass as he plunged into her.

Buddy stopped pumping and pushed into her deeply. He remained still for a moment before he began pumping again. He seemed to move easier. His movements slowed to a stop. "Wow..." he moaned. Lynda smiled. He had cum and his cum was inside her. Buddy's full weight was on her. She was being crushed into the bed but the feeling was nice. His cock was still in her ass but it didn't seem as big now. The fit seemed more comfortable.

Buddy rolled off her. As he did, his cock pulled out of her ass. For a moment she stayed still. Her asshole felt different now but at the same time felt empty. She wished he was still inside her. Lynda wanted to lay there and just stay still but the urge of nature wouldn't let her. Reluctantly she stood and went to the bathroom.

Lynda was surprised to see her father still in the hallway. "You OK?" he asked. She smiled and walked around him into the bathroom. He followed her and closed the door. She sat on the toilet and let Buddy's cum ooze out of her. "Did you like it?" he asked.

"Yeah," Lynda smiled.

"Hurt?" he questioned.

"At first, yeah," she answered.

"You OK now?" he repeated. Lynda nodded. "I'm going back to the game. We'll talk later." Lynda again nodded and he left. She sat and thought about what had happened. A boy had put his cock inside her body. She began to wonder what it would have felt like if he had put it in her pussy. She had been afraid of the pain but it had hurt going into her ass too. In the end, she had actually liked the feeling. Would it feel different in her pussy?


UNDER DADDY'S EYES 15

All the next week Lynda couldn't get the thought of Buddy's cock inside her out of her mind. It may not have been the most pleasurable experience she ever had but there was something about it that made it seem special. It was her father's turn to host the poker game on Friday which she normally looked forward to but Buddy had called and asked her to a dance at his school. As much as she liked "playing" with her father's friends at the game, she had accepted Buddy's invitation. It would be her first date and she couldn't refuse.

Naturally Buddy's father, Matt, would be at the poker game but his mother and sister were going away for the weekend. It was decided Lynda's father would drop Lynda off at Matt's house a little early and then go back home to get things ready for the poker game. Matt would drop Buddy and Lynda off at the dance then go to the game. At the end of the dance someone would pick up the two from the dance and they would go to Lynda's house until the game ended.

Friday afternoon came and Lynda rushed home from school still not quite sure what she would wear to the dance. Frantically she searched her closet for the fifth time in two days trying to pick out what she would wear. In the corner, still covered with the bag, was the dress her father had bought her to replace the "favorite" she had outgrown. She had almost forgotten about it. She decided it would be perfect. Lynda ripped the bag off and removed the tags.

As she finished, her father walked in the door. "Daddy, can I wear this to the dance tonight? Please?" Her father assured her it would be perfect. "I want something real pretty to wear under it. Can we stop at the mall where we bought it so I can get something?" Seeing his daughter so excited there was no way he could refuse so off they went.

Her father smiled as Lynda searched the store rack for the "perfect" underwear to wear. She was growing up. She was no longer content with the tees and "white cottons" of childhood. "How 'bout this!" she blurted as she held up a bra and thong set.

The outfit seemed a little "old" for her young age. "Gee, I don't know..." he began not knowing exactly what to say.

"Oh Daddy," Lynda interrupted, suspecting what he was thinking. "I know you like it. Look, the trim even matches the dress. It's so pretty! Please?"

She was right. The trim did match the dress but the rest of the outfit was very sheer. He couldn't refuse her though, so they bought it and headed for Matt's. Lynda was dropped off and went in.

"Buddy's in the shower. If you want to start getting ready you can use Wendy's room," Matt told her.
Lynda, being anxious, almost ran to the room. She threw her bags onto the bed and quickly stripped out of her clothes. Tearing into the bag, she pulled out her new underwear and put it on. She grinned as she looked into the mirror. She knew it was sheer but didn't realize it was THAT sheer. Her nipples, though still not very developed, were clearly visible through the bra. What little pussy hair she had made a shadow in the thong and even her slit could be seen through the thin cloth. It was more revealing than she had expected but she liked the look. It made her look sexy. When she had picked it out, she hadn't realized it was a thong. She had never worn one before and it felt a little strange. She turned and looked at her ass in the mirror. The thong looked to her like it sort of framed her young ass cheeks, accenting them. It was a far cry from her little girl panties - almost like she was wearing nothing at all. The thought excited her.

Satisfied with her underwear, Lynda put on the dress and looked back into the mirror. Reflected back was a girl who seemed older than she actually was. A big smile came across her face. Now ready for the dance, she picked up her discarded clothes that had been just dropped on the floor. As she moved, the material of her dress rubbed her naked ass cheeks. She felt nude under her dress. The feeling was arousing; she liked it.

Finally ready, she went into the family room and found Buddy and Matt there. Buddy was already dressed. She blushed realizing how long she had taken but the ooo's and ah's from Matt and the surprised look on Buddy's face made her realize her time was well spent. "You look nice!" Buddy exclaimed. He was wearing a suit and Lynda was impressed by his appearance too. Where she had taken so long, things were a little rushed so they headed out for the dance.

The dance proved to be a perfect date. Lynda not only had fun, she thought Buddy was the best looking guy there. She had seen a new side of him. He was no longer "one of the gang" but somehow seemed a little more special. He had even kissed her a few times. The kisses had just been quick sneaky ones as the dance chaperones seemed to be constantly watching but they were real kisses. They were picked up after the dance and on the way to Lynda's house he even held her hand!

The compliments flowed as they walked into the door. It was a little embarrassing to have all the men telling her how great she looked in front of Buddy but Lynda did like the approval of everyone. She did get a little angry when they started on Buddy telling him how lucky he was, if they were younger, and such. When they began to tease him about how she "felt" and if he thought he was "man enough" to take care of her, she had to get away.

"Come on, Buddy, let's go to my room," she suggested. With the choice of listening to the men tease him or go with Lynda, the decision was simple. The two headed down the hall to her room.

They entered the room and Lynda closed the door behind them. "I'm gonna change," she announced.

"Ah... I'll wait outside," Buddy stammered. Although he had already seen her naked, he wasn't sure if she was giving him a hint or not.

"You can stay if you want," Lynda said meekly. "I don't mind." She'd never admit it to him but she wanted to show off her new bra and thong set for him.

"OK," he smiled as he sat on the bed.

"Unzip me?" Lynda coyly asked as she turned her back to him. Buddy tried his best not to appear to anxious as he slid the zipper down to her waist. Lynda kept her back to him as she pulled her arms from the dress and let it fall. She smiled as she heard a sigh of approval from Buddy.

"Wow!" he said softly. Before even thinking about what he was saying, he added, "Girls have such nice underwear! Guy's stuff is so plain..." Suddenly he blushed realizing what he had said. "Ah... um... I didn't mean it like that..."

Sensing his embarrassment, Lynda blurted, "Thanks," and Buddy stopped.

His eyes were glued on her near naked ass. Slowly she turned around and he saw the sheerness of the material, revealing the assets beneath it. "Like it?" she asked.

"Yeah..." he sighed.

"You don't have to stay in your suit," Lynda hinted.

"I don't have anything to change into," Buddy mumbled.

"If you wanna just take it off, you can. If we both just have underwear it will be fair, right?" she grinned. Buddy didn't need anymore encouragement as the suit was practically torn off his body. He ended up standing next to Lynda in only his underpants, which were obviously tented by his raging hardon. For a moment they just stood staring at each other until Lynda, lowering her eyes, added, "No one is here to stop us from kissing now."

The words had barely lefty her lips when Buddy's lips touched hers. The two kissed passionately. His arms went around her but instead of wrapping around her back, his hands went straight to her bare ass cheeks. Lynda's excitement had long ago overtaken her. The knowledge she was wearing such a sheer thong under her dress at the dance had never left her mind. Dancing with Buddy, who had surprised her by being such a good dancer, had only added to her arousal; especially during the last slow dance of the night. He had held her so close.

Lynda could feel his hard cock press against her belly. Her thong was getting damp from her own juices. As they kissed, she ground herself against his hardness. It felt so nice to her. It wasn't long before Buddy's hands left her ass. Lynda almost sighed audibly, not wanting to loose the sensations he was giving her with his almost rough kneading. Quickly she knew why he had stopped. His hands were clumsily fumbling with her bra strap. It became obvious he wasn't going to be able to unhook it so without saying anything, Lynda reached around her back and released the catch. Buddy's hands went to her shoulders and he dragged the straps down, causing the bra to bunch up between their mashing pelvises.

Gently Buddy pushed forward, making Lynda fall on her back on the bed. He fell on top of her. Somehow the bra had dislodged itself and was now on the floor. Lynda sighed as Buddy's fingers found her stiff nipples. They continued kissing as he gently pinched and twirled her little pebbles. After a while his lips left hers but he did not stop kissing. Slowly he began to kiss his way down her neck and chest. Lynda's lungs sucked air like each breath was her last. Her hands ran through his hair. After what seemed to be an eternity to Lynda, his lips closed over one of her tits.

Suddenly she was being filled with new sexual sensations unlike anything she had ever experienced. Her breath caught as a nipple was sucked into his mouth. Her fingers tensed until she realized she was actually pulling at his hair. She was embarrassed but he didn't seem to care as he continued to suckle. Her chest heaved as she pulled his head closer. He hadn't even touched her pussy but she could feel the beginnings of an orgasm stirring deep within her belly.

Without warning, Buddy's lips left her hard nipple and he leaned back. "Nooo..." Lynda moaned.

As he stood, his hands slid to the waistband of her panties. Before her mind would focus, the thong was being dragged down her hips. Without thinking, she lifted her hips and the thong was off. For a moment Buddy just looked at her with a big smile on his face. He then started to lower himself onto her again.

Quickly Lynda lifted her leg and placed her foot on his chest. An evil grin formed on her face. "You gotta take yours off too..."
 