Three days later, he was in the middle of a pizza and an old Steve McQueen movie when the phone rang. Tony glared at it; he'd gotten almost no sleep in the past forty-eight hours and if that was a new case he was going to throw his badge and his phone down the incinerator.

"DiNozzo," he answered with a groan. "This better be good."

"Depends," a male voice said, laughing. "Do I qualify?"

Tony rubbed his forehead. "Do I know you?"

"I suppose I shouldn't have expected you to remember my voice. It's David."

"Oh! Hey. Sorry about the way I picked up--work's been hellish."

"No worries." David chuckled. "Busy investigating the Navy, Special Agent DiNozzo?"

"You talked to Stephen, I see." Tony shifted on the couch, muting the movie. "What'd he say?"

"Actually, I talked to Stephen and Joshua. We had dinner last night." Tony heard the smile in David's voice and hoped that meant it had gone well. "They both say you're a good guy. Joshua says you're a complete natural, and Stephen says you're still not sure what you're looking for. Oh, and there was this little thing about you trying to arrest Joshua for murder?"

Tony groaned. "I--yeah, well. That was the way the investigation led."

"I'm rather grateful you didn't." David laughed again. "Is that what you were worried about, Tony? That I wouldn't want you anymore once I found out what you did? Or what had happened with Stephen and Joshua?"

"Well..." Tony looked down at his beer. "Yeah."

"Idiot." David's voice was cheerful. "I'll admit, it's not exactly what I'd expected, and I hadn't thought of you as a federal agent, but to each his own, right? Honestly, you should think I'd be grateful that you caught the real killer, not upset because your investigation pointed to a friend of mine. I mean, shit happens, right?"

"Yeah." It came out around a yawn and Tony groaned. "Sorry about that."

"It's cool, Tony. Trust me, I understand the concept of running on no sleep. I nearly yawned in the middle of a solo last week. Bad idea." David laughed again. "So once you've caught up on your completely unnecessary beauty rest, would you like to meet me for dinner?"

"Ah--yeah," Tony said, smiling a little. "That'd be cool."

"If you're worried about it just being the two of us I can invite Stephen and Joshua along. I'm pretty sure Stephen's worked through whatever was on his mind."

"That's okay. Really. I--the two of us is fine." Tony groaned inwardly, wondering why David had the power to reduce him to a stammering moron. He hadn't been this awkward with a date since he was fourteen.

Then again, he reminded himself, no other date had had this underlying dynamic, assuming there was one. Tony wasn't sure, and David wasn't really giving him a clue.

"Sweet. So...is tomorrow okay, or do you need more sleep?" David was definitely teasing him, but Tony found he didn't mind.

"If I show up in my pajamas, you'll know," he countered. "Um--seven okay?"

"Can we make it eight? I have a rehearsal that will probably run until seven." David sighed.

"Sure, eight's fine. Where would you like to go?"

"Sanderson's? They have the best burgers in the area."

"And their beer selection is pretty damn good, too," Tony agreed. "So tomorrow at eight?"

"I'll see you then. Sleep well, gorgeous." David hung up.

Tony flipped his phone shut. "Gorgeous?" he asked his ceiling. "This guy's something else."

His ceiling declined to comment on the matter.

***********
No one was in a good mood at work the next day, not even Abby. Tony tried to talk to her and nearly got his head bitten off for his trouble. McGee came back up from the lab looking like she'd ripped him apart and Ziva didn't even try going down there.

"Figures," Tony muttered to himself. "The one day I could really use her advice and she's not talking to anyone." He tapped his pen on his desk, trying to think. What would work on her? Caffeine, sure, but anything else? Not flowers, but...hm.

He got up abruptly and left the office, returning a little while later with bribes, and went down to her lab. The music was blasting and he wasn't even sure she heard his knock, but she turned from her computer, glaring. "What?" she demanded.

"I come in peace," he said, holding out the Caff-Pow. Abby snatched it from him and took a long pull.

"What do you want?" she asked shortly.

Tony held out the bag of dark chocolate Hershey's Kisses he'd picked up. "Chocolate?" he offered. He had no idea if she liked them or not, but it was worth a shot. And if she wouldn't eat them, he sure as hell would.

Abby looked at the bag, looked at him, and grabbed it right out of his hand. She ripped it open and poured three into her hand, unwrapping them and popping them into her mouth.

"Abs?" Tony asked warily.

She held up a finger. He watched as she closed her eyes, letting the chocolate melt in her mouth, before swallowing and taking another pull of her soda. "Okay," she said, opening her eyes. "What can I do for you?"

The cheerful grin she gave him made him blink in confusion. "Are you--"

"Chocolate solves many of life's problems." Abby grinned. "And I love these. Nice choice."

"You seemed like a dark chocolate kind of person to me." Tony smiled and leaned against the wall. "So you won't rip my head off now?"

"No, but if McGee or Ziva come down here, I refuse to be held responsible for my actions."

"Duly noted." Tony hesitated, suddenly uncertain. "So, um. I have a date tonight," he said quickly.

Abby bounced and spun to face him. "With our friend the musician?"

He blessed her tactfulness in not specifying a gender. "Yeah. We're meeting at eight. Just a casual dinner."

"With possibilities?" Abby raised an eyebrow. "Don't give me that look, Tony. I saw the way you were eyeing each other."

"I didn't say any--" Tony sighed. "Yeah, with possibilities. But I don't...ugh. I don't know..." He rubbed his forehead. "I still don't know what I think of it all, Abs."

She looked at him contemplatively, then hit a few keys on her keyboard and dragged him into her office. "Is it the guy thing?"

Tony shook his head. "It's been a few years, but I still remember how everything works. No, it's...the other stuff. I don't know...oh, hell, Abby. I don't know what I'm doing here."

"Okay." Abby plopped down in her chair, looking at him. "So what's scaring you? The idea of subbing for him or the thought that you might like it?"

"Do I have to choose one?" Tony asked wryly.

"Nope." Abby popped another Kiss in her mouth. "Tony, if you're really nervous, cancel the date. David won't fault you for it."

"I don't want to." Tony sighed. "I like him, Abby. I like him a lot. And the club--that was--" He shook his head. "I don't know how to describe it. It felt good. I'm just not sure...I'm not sure I want to give up control like that. Especially not in bed."

"Why not?" she asked.

This was what he couldn't really put into words. Tony shook his head, trying to figure it out. "I don't know," he admitted. "It feels like...well--doesn't it..." Tony groaned. "It feels kind of weak, I guess."

Abby's mouth twitched. "You think it makes you less of a man to want to sub for someone?" she asked.

"No, not--" Tony rubbed his forehead again. "Just not as strong as I should be."

"Okay." Abby nodded. "You want to tell Stephen he's not as strong as he should be, because he subs for Joshua?"

Tony was pretty sure that taste in his mouth was leather, from the shoe he'd just stuck in it.

"Tony, all this means is that you want to give up control for a little while, or that you want to experience things you can't with vanilla sex. That's all. It doesn't reflect on your strength or your masculinity or any of that." Abby got up and walked over to him, draping her arms around his neck. "Go on your date. Have fun. And don't think too much about it, okay? That's what'll get you in trouble and make it not work. Just...don't think about it. Go with the flow, okay?"

He hugged her. "Thanks, Abs."

"No problem. Want a Kiss?" Her eyes sparkled with mischief.

"I'll stick to the chocolate kind," Tony told her wryly. He snagged one from the bag on her desk and headed back upstairs, feeling better than he had all day.

Even getting reamed by Gibbs over a report he'd done wasn't enough to completely quash his mood, and he left at six-thirty whistling. He had just enough time to get home and freshen up before going to meet David. Green sweater, jeans, sneakers--casual, but he still looked good, if he said so himself.

"Showtime," Tony murmured to himself, getting out of his car.

David was waiting for him, a half-full pint in his hand. "I got out of rehearsal sooner than I thought I would," he explained. His smile deepened a bit as he looked at Tony. "You look good," he said easily.

"Thanks." Tony smiled back. "So do you." David had on jeans and a blue shirt with yellow pinstripes. The stud in his ear was yellow--topaz, maybe--and he had four silver rings on, as well as a silver cuff bracelet. The bracelet had a couple gems in it--amethyst, Tony thought, and moonstone. He had to smile. "You like jewelry, don't you?" he asked.

"Is that a problem?" David grinned, looking at his hands.

"Not at all. Just an observation."

David laughed. "I suppose I should have expected a LEO to be observant."

The host came up to them. "Would you gentlemen like to sit in the bar area? Or would you prefer a table?" he asked.

"Table, thanks," David said with a smile.

"This way." He led them to a booth by the windows, away from the noise of the bar. "Aaron will be right over to take your drink orders."

"So how'd rehearsal go today?" Tony asked for lack of anything else to say.

David sighed. "Long. We've got a big performance coming up. Strauss--Heldenleben. It's going to be a tough one."

"Ouch." Tony was only vaguely familiar with Strauss, and most of what he knew were waltzes. Somehow he doubted David was referring to the Blue Danube.

"If you're interested, I can get you a ticket." David took a sip of his beer. "It's cool if you're not."

"Ah--no, I'd like to," Tony told him. "Really. I don't know the piece, but--"

"Sometimes it's better if you don't. That way if we screw up, you won't notice." David grinned, and Tony had the sense that David was laughing at both of them.

Their waiter came over then, crouching down next to the table. "What can I get you?" he asked cheerfully. "Sorry for the wait."

"No problem." David smiled at him. "Can I get a refill on this? It's Harp."

"Sure thing. And you?" Aaron turned to Tony.

"Make that two," Tony said with a nod to David's pint.

"You got it. You gentlemen want to start with some nachos, maybe, or our spinach dip?" Aaron looked between them.

"You like spinach?" David asked.

"Sure." Tony shrugged. "You want to try the dip?"

"Spinach dip, thanks," David said with a smile for Aaron.

"Two pints of Harp and spinach dip coming right up." Aaron stood and walked off.

Something occurred to Tony and he shifted a little in his seat. "Is everything okay with Stephen, now?" he asked.

David nodded. "It's family crap. He has more of it than anyone I know. Six siblings, and everyone's got their issues." David sighed. "And when he says he's the black sheep, he's not kidding. He and his father...well. It's really--I shouldn't really be talking about it."

"It's okay." Tony smiled wryly. "Believe me, I know about father issues."

"Don't we all?" David said lightly. "But yeah, Stephen's fine." He smiled a little. "Joshua takes care of him."

"I got that impression," Tony said with a laugh.

"So enough about them." David leaned back in his seat. "Tell me about you. Why NCIS?"

Tony grinned. "It was better than Baltimore."

"Hey now." David gave him a mock-glare. "Nothing wrong with Baltimore."

"No, but this was a better job offer. And Gibbs..." Tony shrugged. "He's a bastard, but he's also...he's the best. Working with him--it's worth it."

"The best ones are always the bastards," David said, nodding. "I had a conductor like that once."

"Why music?" Tony asked. "And why the clarinet?"

David shrugged. "It's phallic?"

Tony nearly choked on his water.

"But seriously folks." David grinned and passed him a napkin. "I like the sound and the timbre. The flute was too girly, when I was growing up, and I wasn't interested in brass or strings." He grinned. "And the fact that I get to spend my days playing with a tube is just icing."

Aaron came back with their beer and their dip then. "You two ready to order?" he asked.

"Ah--sure. I'll have the mushroom swiss burger," Tony said, handing over his menu. "Medium."

"And you?" Aaron asked, turning to David.

"Bacon cheddar burger," David said, handing his own over. "Also medium."

"You got it." Aaron left.

"This is me not being a good Jewish boy," David said, laughing. "But I don't really care."

"Fair enough." Tony grinned. "Me, I'm a lapsed Catholic."

"Let me guess. Altar boy?"

"Of course." Tony took a chip and scooped up some dip. "What gave it away?"

"The kinky ones always are." David took a chip of his own. "I think it's something about all that ritual."

Tony laughed. "Do you take anything seriously?"

"Hmm." David licked his lower lip and considered as he picked up another chip. "Come home with me tonight and I'll show you."

Whoa. "I--" Tony shook his head. "That's a bit sudden, don't you think?"

"You almost took me home last time, remember?" David popped the chip into his mouth, chewing and swallowing. "I'm not some girl you have to seduce, Tony. We're grown adults. I want you, I'm pretty sure you want me--is there any reason we can't or shouldn't act on that?"

Well, when he put it like that..."I guess not," Tony admitted. He blew out a breath. "I still haven't--I don't know much," he confessed.

"It's fine, Tony. Honest. If all you want is vanilla, that's cool. It's your comfort level, okay? It's not like you're Stephen."

The thought of that much intensity made him shudder. "No thanks," he said definitely.

"But speaking of, Stephen's a great resource, if you want to talk to him. He's got a bookcase full of stuff, and he'd be more than happy to lend it to you." David shrugged. "Up to you."

"I'll think about it." Tony picked up another chip. "So, um. What's this Strauss thing you're doing? Mein Lieben, or something?"

David grinned, and that was that.

Tony couldn't remember the last time he'd laughed so much on a date. David seemed to have a joke or a wry comment on everything, from politics to movies to--well, anything. It was completely unlike any date Tony could ever remember and he had to admit, it was probably one of the best he'd had in a long, long time.

They had coffee in lieu of dessert, and when the bill came David grabbed it before Tony could. "My treat," he said, taking out his wallet. "I did ask you out, after all."

"Yeah, and you're a musician."

"I make enough to afford dinner once in a while. I'd be a dead musician--or at least a lot thinner--if I didn't." David grinned and took some bills out of his wallet, putting them in the folder and closing it. "So. You ready to blow this joint?"

Tony bit back the retort that sprang to mind and just smiled. From the look on David's face, he hadn't missed it. "Later," he said, waggling his eyebrows. "Once I get you home."

"Your place, then?" Tony asked, pulling on his jacket.

"Wherever you're more comfortable." David shrugged into his own jacket and they headed outside. "Yours, mine, I don't care. They've both got beds, right?"

"Was I this obviously a foregone conclusion when you met me?" Tony asked wryly, unlocking his car.

David laughed. "I could only hope, once I knew you weren't there with Abby."

"With--oh, no." Tony grinned. "No. She's a good friend, and we work together."

"I can't see her as a federal agent." David looked at him dubiously. "Please tell me you're kidding."

"Forensics," Tony explained. He stopped at a red light and glanced at David. "She has this obsession with death and all things scientific. It's...weird. And endearing. In a very creepy way."

David started laughing. "I don't know what's funnier--her interests or how you described them," he said, wiping his eyes.

Tony smiled ruefully. "Thanks," he said. "Way to make a guy feel good about himself."

"Oh, please." David snorted. "You're smart enough to know when someone's really laughing at you--which I wasn't. Just teasing." He rested a hand over Tony's on the steering wheel and squeezed. "Relax, Tony-boy."

"Yeah." Tony managed a smile. "I'm working on it."

"We'll get you relaxed." David's voice had dropped into a low purr. "Trust me, Tony."

He nodded, rather than try and speak. David's voice thrummed along his bones, but he couldn't afford to let himself give into how it made him feel. Not while he was driving.

Somehow they made it back to his place and into the elevator. David didn't touch him on the way up, for which Tony could only be grateful. He wasn't sure he'd make it in the door otherwise. Now that they were alone--and on their way to his apartment--the vibe had changed, deepened, and something in the pit of Tony's stomach was twisting itself into knots over it.

He unlocked the door and gestured David inside; David walked in, looking around. "Nice place," he said approvingly. "Federal agents must get paid well."

Tony laughed. "Uh, no. I lucked out." He threw the bolt on the door and dropped his keys and jacket, toeing off his shoes automatically.

"Mmm." David held out a hand. "C'mere."

Slowly, Tony took it, letting himself be pulled in close, against David. "Relax," David murmured, stroking Tony's face. "I won't do anything you don't want."

He bent his head and kissed Tony, easily, gently, tongue coaxing his mouth open. Tony shivered, closing his eyes. This wasn't new to him, and yet...everything felt different.

"You with me, Tony?" David said softly. He settled Tony against him, stroking his hair and his face. "We okay?"

Tony nodded. "Yeah," he said, feeling that same light-headedness he'd felt in the club. "We're okay."

"All you have to do is tell me to stop," David told him. "All right?"

"I will." Tony smiled a little. "I promise."

"Good boy." David kissed him again. "Where's your bedroom?"

Tony pointed. "That way." He pulled away from David, leading him into the bedroom. Thank God the cleaning lady had come that day; the bed was made with clean sheets and it looked decent--well, it did once he flipped on the bedside lamps and they could see.

"Nice bed," David said admiringly, nodding at the four-poster.

"Thanks." Tony smiled. "I liked the cherry."

David laughed. "I could make so many jokes..." He grinned. "But I won't." Instead, he leaned against the doorjamb, hands in his pockets. "Take off your clothes, Tony," he said calmly.

That low purr was in his voice again, that same easy power that Joshua had had, that Stephen had used--only it felt stronger now, more intense. Tony wasn't sure if it was because it was aimed at him or because--he froze, not sure what to do, how he felt, anything.

"Don't think," David told him. "Don't think about it, don't try to analyze it, just let it go, Tony. Just relax." He stepped toward Tony, taking his chin in his hand. "Do you trust me?" he asked.

The smart answer was no. He didn't really know the guy, or--but Stephen had vouched for him, and for some reason, Tony trusted Stephen. And there was something about David... "Yes," he said, licking dry lips.

"Then just close your eyes and let it all go. All you need to think about is me." David kissed him lightly. "Relax, Tony. Just focus on me."

Tony closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. He let it out slowly, focusing on David's fingers running through his hair, over the back of his neck. His head felt light, his body loose and limber. Vaguely, he wondered if he needed to do anything, but the thought dissipated like mist.

"That's it," David said softly. "That's where I want you, Tony." He kissed Tony again, pulling away slowly. "Take off your clothes," he said as he stepped back.

Tony didn't think about it now; David had told him to do something and so he did it, starting with his sweater. The soft green cotton settled softly on his dresser, followed by the smooth cotton of his shirt and the worn undershirt. He unbuckled his belt and unfastened his jeans, pushing them down over his hips and stepping out of them. His briefs were next, then his socks, and then he stood naked in his bedroom, in front of David.

"So damn hot," David murmured, walking over to him. He brushed his fingers over Tony's cheek, down his throat and over his chest and stomach. "So hot, Tony."

David cupped Tony's face in his hands and kissed him again, slow and deep; Tony groaned a little in the back of his throat, swaying closer. He felt goosebumps prickle on his skin, even though it wasn't cold in the room. David's hands slid around to the back of his neck, squeezing gently, and it sent sparks through him, making him shudder.

God. What was David doing to him? Tony had a sudden flash of what he was doing, what he looked like, and pulled back abruptly. "No," he said hoarsely. "No, wait."

He was more than a little relieved when David took a step back. "What's wrong, Tony?" he asked quietly.

Tony sat down on his bed, running his hands through his hair. "I don't think I can do this," he said, looking down at the smooth wood floor.

The bed dipped as David sat down next to him. "Why not?"

"I can't--it's easy for you, or for Stephen, or whoever, but I can't do this." Tony shook his head.

"Do you want to?" David asked after a moment.

"I..." Tony fell back against the comforter. "I don't know."

"Okay." David nodded. "Do you want me to leave?"

"I don't know that either." Tony groaned. "I'm--God, David, I'm sorry."

"It's okay, Tony." David squeezed his arm a little.

"No, it's really not." Tony sighed.

"Hey." David shook his arm a little. "Look at me."

He did, albeit reluctantly. To his surprise, David didn't look upset, or angry, or even annoyed. Just...patient. And understanding. "I can go home, Tony," David said. He lay down next to Tony, propping himself on an elbow. "It's really okay."

"I don't want you to go home." Tony propped himself up, facing David. "I just don't know if I can do this."

"Close your eyes," David said softly. "Please."

Tony exhaled slowly and closed his eyes, a little uncertain why but willing to go along with it.

He felt David's hand on his face, warm and gentle, fingers spread wide over his skin, a moment before he felt David's mouth on his.

David kept the kiss light, barely brushing his lips over Tony's, again and again. "So sexy," he whispered, tongue flicking over Tony's lower lip. "So damn hot." He nipped Tony's lower lip, the slight pain sending sparks through him and making him groan against David's mouth.

Tony groaned, reaching for David, wanting more than these teasing kisses; David chuckled and pushed him down on his back, moving to straddle him. "This what you want?" he asked, kissing Tony again, harder, deeper, tongue sliding into Tony's mouth. "Like this?"

"God. Yes." Tony reached for him again, grateful when David let himself be pulled down. The rasp of his jeans felt rough against Tony's skin, while the buttons on his shirt pressed into Tony's chest. Tony grumbled with impatience, reaching to unbutton David's shirt, shoving it off his shoulders.

David laughed and knelt up, unbuttoning the rest and letting the shirt slide off and fall to the floor. "Impatient, aren't you?" he teased. He leaned down to kiss Tony briefly. "Stretch out," he said, nodding at the bed. "I'd rather not have you strain something that way."

Tony smiled a bit and pushed himself back on the bed, turning so his head was on the pillows. He pushed himself up on his elbows, watching David pull off the rest of his clothes. "Talk about hot," Tony said with a slight smile. David looked pretty damn good naked--lean, with a scattering of blond hair that led down to his groin. His cock was half-hard, and as Tony looked at it, it twitched with interest.

"Thank you." David laughed and crawled onto the bed, kneeling over Tony. "Now just lie back and think of England," he said, grinning as he bent down to kiss Tony.

Tony kissed him, licking David's lower lip. "Rather think of you," he said softly.

David's eyes darkened and he kissed Tony again, harder. "Good," he whispered against Tony's lips. "Because I'd rather you did too." He smiled, stroking Tony's hair back. "Can you do something for me?"

"I can try," Tony said, a little wary.

"I promise, it won't hurt." David grinned. "I just want you to stay still, okay?"

Slowly, Tony nodded. "Okay."

David kissed his forehead, then his eyelids. "Keep your eyes closed," he said softly.

Tony nodded again, trying to relax against the bed. David's mouth brushed over his lightly, trailing a line of kisses from his mouth to his jaw, down his throat, over his collarbone. He nipped Tony lightly, over his pulse, tongue tracing the mark he'd made; Tony shivered a bit in response. David bit him again, a little harder, and Tony groaned and let his head fall to the side. God, that felt good.

David chuckled softly, nuzzling the bite. He slid down Tony's body, leaving a path of gentle bites and kisses, licking his collarbone. Tony groaned, unable to keep from twisting a bit from the feel of skin on skin, the drag of David's body against his. He spread his legs a little to make it easier for David to settle against him, and heard David's low laugh in response.

"Yeah," David breathed against Tony's shoulder, hands sliding down to Tony's hips. "Like that." He knelt up, shaking back his hair, before taking Tony's wrists in his hands.

Tony watched, unable to look away, as David raised each of Tony's wrists to his lips, kissing the inside, before squeezing them gently and pressing them into the pillows over his head. "Stay like that," David told him, running his fingers down Tony's arms. "Okay?"

His throat felt tight and his mouth felt dry, so he nodded rather than try to speak.

David smiled, stroking Tony's throat and chest, fingers skating over his stomach, where the muscles clenched in response. David laughed and leaned down to kiss Tony's belly button, tongue dipping into it teasingly. Tony couldn't help but laugh, squirming away from David's mouth. "Hey," he said in protest.

"Ticklish?" David ran his fingers up Tony's ribs, making him laugh and twist against it. "Mmm. We'll play with that later," David promised. He bent down, kissing Tony's stomach, his hip, biting gently over the bone. Tony groaned and shivered, arching into his touch.

David's mouth moved lower, dangerously close to his groin, his hands on Tony's thighs, holding him in place. He breathed across the head of Tony's cock, his tongue flicking out to taste it. "Don't move," he said, voice low. "Don't you dare move."

Tony bit his lip, fighting to stay still, but David was teasing his cock, nuzzling it and licking it in short, light teasing swipes of his tongue, and it was so hard not to just thrust up into it--

"Jesus!" Tony lost all the breath in his body when David's mouth suddenly closed over his cock, hot and wet and sucking him down hard. "Christ, David--"

As if in warning, David's hands tightened on Tony's thighs. He didn't stop, he didn't back off, and Tony grabbed the pillows over his head in desperation. "David," he groaned again. "David, please..."

David raised his head, licking his lips. His mouth was wet and swollen, his eyes were dark. "You want my mouth?" he asked huskily. "Is that what you want, Tony?"

God, yes, but-- "Fuck me," Tony said, hearing the ragged desperation in his voice and not caring. "David, fuck me."

David kissed Tony's stomach, crawling up his body to kiss his mouth. "Ask me nicely," he whispered.

Tony shuddered, both at the words and the dark, potent look in David's eyes. "Please," he whispered back, mouth dry. "David, please..."

In response, David kissed him hard, biting his lips. "Where are your supplies?" he asked roughly.

Tony nodded at his nightstand. "Top drawer." He watched David lean over him to open the drawer, grabbing a condom and the bottle of lube.

"You've got quite the assortment," David said wryly, shoving the drawer shut and kneeling between Tony's legs. "Peppermint lube?"

"It tingles. And it's edible. And why the fuck are we talking about it?" Tony asked impatiently.

David laughed and kissed him. "Now just relax," he said, slicking one of his fingers. "This won't hurt. Much."

"I won't break," Tony said wryly.

But despite his words, he had to fight to relax around David's finger, slowly working its way into him. Thank God David was patient, waiting for him to relax and ease into it before stretching him open, first one finger, then two, taking his time with both.

"Okay," Tony said, swallowing hard. "I'm okay."

David nodded and pulled his fingers out slowly. "Okay." He wiped his fingers on a tissue and ripped the condom packet open; Tony was a little pleased to see David's fingers were shaking, just a bit, as he rolled on the condom and coated it with lube. David positioned himself at Tony's hole, pushing his legs up and back. "Breathe," he said, right before he drove into Tony.

Tony gasped, his whole body freezing up. His breath caught in his lungs and he couldn't seem to exhale, inhale, move, anything.

"Breathe," David snapped, hands tightening on Tony's legs. "I told you to breathe, Tony. Do it."

The air rushed out of his lungs and he felt himself relax as he inhaled and exhaled, oxygen flowing through him. Oh. That was better. That felt...really good, actually, and then David began to move and it felt even better, and Tony groaned helplessly.

David's eyes were intent on Tony's face; a few strands of hair clung to his cheek and Tony would have reached up to push them back if he could have moved. He felt the warmth of David's rings against his thighs, the edge of David's bracelet digging into his skin.

And he felt David's cock inside him, thrusting into him over and over again, hot and hard and thick, stealing his breath, his mind, until all that was left was need, burning white-hot and sharp. God, yes, more, anything, and his cock was trapped between his stomach and David's, rubbing against David's skin every time David moved and he was so close to coming he nearly sobbed.

David twisted just a bit, thrust a little harder, and he hit Tony's prostate and Tony cried out harshly, arching under him. "David--" he gasped. "God, David--"

"Tony," David said hoarsely. "Come for me, come on..." He was moving hard, his cock rubbing over Tony's prostate with every thrust now. "Come for me, baby, c'mon..." He reached down, hand wrapping around Tony's cock; Tony gasped and thrust into his hold, shuddering.

"David..." he groaned. "David--"

"C'mon, baby, c'mon, do it..." David kissed him, hard, his hand pulling Tony's cock roughly, and it was just enough--Tony moaned into his mouth and shuddered and came helplessly.

He was still struggling to breathe a moment later when David gasped something incomprehensible and came with a shudder.

David didn't collapse on him, but it was a close thing. He pulled out of Tony carefully and got rid of the condom, making a face as he did so. "Ugh," he said, falling down on the bed. "C'mere."

Tony rolled over and into his arms, sighing. "Wow," he said after a minute. "That...wow."

"That was nothing." David grinned and kissed him.

"Tell that to my ass," Tony said wryly.

David laughed. "You know what I meant."

"Yeah." Tony shrugged a bit and settled against David. "Do I have to think about it now?"

"God no. I don't think I can." David grinned. "Later. If you're interested. We can talk about it then." He kissed Tony again, briefly. "Like I said, Tony. That was nothing."

"Mmm." Tony nodded. "I think...yeah." He shoved a hand through his hair, deciding not to think about it for now. "You spending the night?" he asked.

"Do you want me to?"

"I wouldn't have asked if I didn't." Tony smiled and kissed David's shoulder. "Spend the night. We can talk over breakfast."

"Okay." David smiled and stroked Tony's hair. "I like that idea."

"Good." Tony smiled back.

A moment later, David laughed. "So, was it good for you?"

Tony hit him with a pillow.