Barbara, unlocked and threw open the door to her apartment, and walked in, wearily. Jenny had offered to accompany her home, but she'd declined her kind offer. All she wanted now was a nice hot shower and a couple of hours of shut- eye, before she got ready for her evening Bat-patrol. She threw her coat over the back of a chair, slumped down onto the sofa, and pulled off her 'sensible' shoes, and wiggled her toes inside her stockings, uttering a sigh of pleasure. "Mmm, that feels sooh good!" she murmured.
She stood up and eased down the zip of her heavy tweed skirt, and went to slip it off, before remembering that she'd left her panties somewhere in the storeroom, back at the library. "Damn, that was careless!" she muttered, with a frown. "Still, I can recover them in the morning. No one ever goes in there, except for Jennifer and myself!" She stretched out on the sofa, and started to relax.
She must have dozed off, because she came to, with a start. "Ah well, better take that shower," she mused, getting up and wandering into the bedroom, unbuttoning her blouse with one hand and carrying her coat in the other. She slipped off her skirt and tossed all three garments onto the bed, before unclipping her bra and shrugging it off. Sitting on the edge of the mattress, she rolled down her stockings, and pulled them off her feet.
She then spent a couple of minutes putting everything away in its proper place, before taking a clean towel from the airing closet and padding into the bathroom, where she switched on and adjusted the shower spray.
She gasped with pleasure, as she stepped under the warm, cascade, raising her face up to the downpour. When she was thoroughly soaked, she soaped up her loofah, and began to rub it over her face and arms, and belly, and breasts, before moving down to clean her shapely legs and ass, finishing up with her crotch area, which always seemed to receive a disproportionate amount of attention.
When she was finished, she slipped a couple of soapy fingers inside her twat, and began to frig herself off, as she recalled her recent session in the archive, with the delectable Jenny.
Her back arched, and her hips began to jerk, as she felt herself nearing her climax. "Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah...." she gasped, her fingers moving faster and faster. "Oh, yes, yes, yes, yessss!"
Her arousal was suddenly interrupted by the sound of her main entrance intercom buzzer, and her eyes flew wide open. "Now who the hell is that?" she muttered, in an annoyed tone.
The buzzer sounded again, longer and more insistently this time, as she stepped out of the shower, and wrapped a large, fluffy towel around her torso, and a smaller towel around her wet hair. "All right, all right, keep your hair on!" she snapped, irritably.
She hurried over to the intercom on the back of the apartment door. "Yes, who is it?" she asked, rather abruptly.
"It's me, Cyril, Cyril Smallpiece!"
Barbara instantly recognized the voice of the weasel-like burglar.
"Get lost, you little prick!" she snarled.
"Please let me in, Barbara... Batgirl?" he yelled. "Pleasssse... BATGIRL!"
"Shut your stupid mouth!" Barbara commanded, angrily, the hair standing up on the back of her neck, at the thought that a passing citizen might overhear him.
"Let me in, BATGIRL!" he called, even louder.
"Damn!" Barbara had no choice. She hit the button that unlocked the front entrance. "I'll kill the loud-mouthed little weasel!" she muttered, angrily, as she started to rub her wet hair dry, desperately hoping that no-one had overheard his ranting?
Two minutes later, the doorbell chimed, and Barbara checked through the eyehole lens embedded in the metal door. It was the puny cat burglar all right, with a confident leer on his rat-like features.
"Come on Batgir.... HEY?"
Barbara had swiftly unlocked and thrown open the door, grabbed his wrist, and yanked him inside, before he could give the game away.
He smirked. "I know I'm pretty desirable, sweet cheeks, but you don't have to make it quite so obvious that you've got the hots for me!" he said, with a chortle.
Batgirl bristled. "Now listen, you slimy little worm, you promised to keep your mouth shut about our little secret!" she snarled, angrily.
Cyril held his hands up, palms toward her. "And I will, and I will, Batgirl..." he responded, "just as long as you keep to your side of the bargain!"
"WHAT?" she snapped, frowning.
"Yeah! Just as long as you're nice to me, that is!"
"Huh? Say... you said that all you wanted was a little kiss?"
"And I did! But, if you remember, I also said I had a thing about Batgirl!"
"So?"
"Well, it ain't the same, kissing you, unless you're wearing your sexy Batgirl outfit!"
Barbara sighed, her initial anger dissipating somewhat. "So, if I kiss you, dressed as Batgirl, you'll be satisfied?" she asked, placing her hands on her hips.
"Sure! Oh, there's just one thing though!"
"Yeah?" Barbara retorted, with a frown, her suspicions aroused once more.
"Well, your current costume isn't very... well... very flattering, is it? No, I'd like you to wear this outfit, that I've had specially made up for you! THIS outfit, and NOTHING else, mind!" He handed her the cardboard box that had been tucked under his one arm.
"And if I do this, you'll keep your big mouth shut?"
"I promise!" he replied, with a slight smirk.
"Very well! I'll go into the bedroom, and slip into this outfit! No peeking!"
"As if I would?"
As soon as she was inside the bedroom, Barbara opened the box and blanched. Inside was a tiny black-leather thong, a sheer black body stocking, and a pair of black thigh-length boots, with three-inch platform soles and eight-inch stiletto heels. There was also a black cowl, with built in mask, that was a near duplicate of her usual one, and a pair of long black gloves that ended in fingerless mitts.
She quickly dried herself off, and slipped on the thong. It barely covered her pussy, and she had to tug it up at the front to hide her pubic curls, causing it to dig deep between her ass-cheeks. She then slipped on the body stocking and zipped it up in back. It clung to her every curve, and was so sheer she felt almost naked.
"You kinky bastard!" she muttered, eyeing herself in the mirror. The thong and the dark areolas of her breasts, were both clearly visible through the sheer clinging material.
She sat on the edge of the bed and pulled on the boots, and zipped up the full-length zips on the inside of each leg. The black vinyl clung to her legs like stockings, reaching to just short of her crotch. Finally, she pulled on the long gloves and the cowl, complete with flame-red wig, and gingerly got to her feet, and stepped over to the mirror.
She placed her hands on her hips, and stared at her image. She had to admit that the outfit was very, very erotic, but totally impractical. She could barely keep her balance on the spiky heels, and the costume wouldn't even protect her from a summer breeze, let alone the potentially lethal weapons of her criminal advisories.
Taking a deep breath that made her breasts jiggle, fetchingly, she summoned up all her courage, and walked back into the lounge. "Well?" she snapped.
Cyril turned around, and a broad smile appeared on his rodent-like features. "Absolutely stunning!" he exclaimed, clapping his hands, like a child with a new toy. "And now for the big moment!"
Barbara swayed over, the high-heels forcing her to walk with her hips thrust forward to maintain her balance. She placed her hands around his neck, and did not pull away, as his hands slipped around her waist, and rested on her shapely buttocks. "No funny business, mind you!" she reminded him, then brought her lips down against his, while closing her eyes.
This time she did not try to resist his tongue, as it penetrated her mouth, replying in kind, as their passionate kiss went on and on. "Mmmm, this isn't so bad, after all," she admitted to herself. Although Barbara was sexually experienced, her prior experiences had almost exclusively been with those of her own gender.
Finally, they parted, both panting and flushed. Cyril stared into her eyes, and smiled, contentedly. "Now blow me!" he murmured.
Barbara's heavy-lidded eyes flew wide open with shock. "WHAT?" she gasped, hoping she'd just misheard him.
"You heard me, honey!" he murmured, confidently. "Now I want you to give me a blow-job! I've often fantasized about The Batgirl sucking my cock!"
"No way, you disgusting little pervert!" she gasped, shaking her head vigorously, pulling free of his hands and taking a backward step.
"You know the alternative!" he snarled, angrily. "Your secret will be broadcast to the world, and that will be the end of Batgirl, and your job at the library, and will probably force your daddy to resign from the GCPD, as well?"
"Please...." she pleaded, in a little girl voice, tears glistening in her big green eyes.
"Make your choice, Ms. Gordon!" Smallpiece snapped. "Suck my cock, or suffer ruination and public humiliation!"
"Bastard!" With tears streaming down her face, Barbara sank to her knees, and gingerly reached out for the zip of his fly, and drew it down.
"Unbuckle my belt, and pull my pants and briefs down about my ankles!" he commanded, with a confident smirk on his thin lips.
Nervously, she did as he ordered, and stared, in fascination, as his semi- erect penis sprang into view. He certainly didn't live up to his name. It was an enormous cock, for such a puny guy! It was already at least six-inches long, and he wasn't even fully erect yet.
"Just slip the head between those lovely lips of yours, and start to suck on it!" Cyril instructed, seeing the look of disgust and revulsion on her face. "It will soon come to full attention!"
Reluctantly, she opened her mouth wide, and slid the end of his cock into it. To her surprise, it wasn't cold or slimy, but was warm and dry... and alive! She'd sucked on a dildo before, so she knew what to do. She moved the shaft in and out of her mouth, gradually taking more and more, and feeling it stiffen and grow within her. Finally, the throbbing shaft was bumping against the back of her throat, and she started to withdraw it.
Suddenly, his hand slipped under her wig, and grabbed a handful of her real hair, jerking on it, and producing a muffled gasp of pain. "Not yet!" he snarled. "Now you deep-throat me, Bat-slut!"
"Nnnnggghhh!" Barbara tried to shake her head, but it was impossible with his cock in her mouth, and his hands clamped behind her neck.
Slowly, steadily, he pulled her onto his eight-inch erection, and Barbara fought, desperately to subdue her gagging reflex, as his cock gradually forced its way down her tight, constricting throat. "Oh yes, yesss, this is heaven!" he croaked, as her lovely lips came up against the base of his cock, and he eased up on the pressure.
"Now be a good little bitch, and just keep your head still, while I fuck your pretty little face!" Smallpiece murmured. Slowly, he began to rock his hips back and forth, plunging his cock deeper into the heroine's bulging throat, with each thrust.
"Mmmmph! Nnnngghh!" Barbara gasped, sucking in air whenever he partially withdrew his fat organ from her mouth, but gradually adapting to the rhythmical thrusting of his hot, throbbing meat. To her surprise, she found herself starting to get turned on by this man's domination of her.
"Uh, uh, uh, ahhhhh!" he gasped, ramming his cock into her, all the way, as he attained his climax and started to ejaculate.
Barbara felt a flood of warm sticky liquid clog her throat, and desperately gulped it down, only to find it replaced by another wad of his viscose cum. She swallowed again, the very act of swallowing, milking his shaft of more of its creamy load. Cyril was in ecstasy. He'd never had a woman give him oral sex before! They usually called him a pervert, if he even suggested it!
Soon, Barbara had sucked him dry and he reluctantly withdrew his softening prick, pausing only to wipe a smear of semen over her trembling lips with his glans, as he finally exited her mouth.
"You... You will keep your promise, won't you?" Barbara whispered, unable to look him in the eye, but licking the cum from her full lips, without even thinking.
"Of course I will!" he murmured, patting the top of her head. "Until the next time, my little cum-slut!" he added, under his breath.
Suddenly, something outside the window caught his eye, and he glanced out, to see the Bat-signal reflecting off the low scudding clouds. "Well, well, looks like your old man's calling all Bat-heroes?" he commented, casually.
Barbara's eyes flew open, and followed his gaze. "Damn!" she muttered, under her breath. "I must get changed, and get down to Police Headquarters right away!" she exclaimed, rising to her feet, all business-like once again.
As she went to head for the bedroom, Cyril grabbed her wrist. "No!" he barked, shaking his head. "Go dressed as you are!"
"WHAT? You must be insane!" she gasped, going a deathly pale.
"I insist!" he growled, menacingly.
"But..."
"If you want me to maintain my silence, you will do as I say!" he snapped.
"But, but... At least let me wear my utility belt?" Batgirl said, resignedly, as her shoulders slumped in defeat. She was beginning to realize that he was going to make the most of the hold he had over her!
"Very well! No-one can say I'm not a generous person, often to a fault!" he replied, smugly. "I shall let myself out, but only after you have departed for Police Headquarters!"
He followed Barbara into the bedroom, admiring the way that her thong was completely hidden between her shapely ass-cheeks, except for the narrow strip that hugged the top of her hips, and watched her slip the utility belt about her slim waist.
She gave him a last pleading look. "Please," she groaned, "I CAN'T go like this!"
He glanced at his watch. "Better get a move on, Batgirl, you're wasting valuable time!" he answered, calmly. "Your tardiness may cost one of Gotham's citizens their life!"
Barbara clenched her gloved hands in frustration, then pressed the hidden button beneath the dressing table and, as the secret entrance swung open, stepped through, with a sexy sway of her hips, and descended the narrow staircase to the garage below, her high-heels clunking, noisily, on the wooden stairs. The dresser swung back into place, behind her.
Cyril waited for the noise of the Batcycle to fade into the night, then turned and left the apartment with a smile on his face. "Things are going to plan, nicely!" he said, with a chortle.
-oOo-
As Batgirl roared through the back streets of Gotham City, heading for GCPD Headquarters, the cool slipstream caused her already prominent nipples to peak and harden, beneath the sheer material of her new costume, and goose bumps to appear all over her scantily clad body. She thought about ignoring the call of the Bat-signal, and returning to her apartment, once Smallpiece had departed, but shook her head, firmly, dismissing the idea.
"No, this might be a matter of life or death?" she muttered. "I cannot let my own embarrassment stand in the way of my duty to the good citizens of Gotham City! I'm sure that the admirable members of Gotham's law enforcement division, will act like perfect gentlemen, and not ogle my body in this revealing attire?"