The Club
by OddR 

Chapter 1: Truth or Dare 

"Are you still a virgin?" 

The question hung in the air.  Everyone was quiet, as though they sensed that this was taking the game to a new level. 

"What?" Emily replied, shocked. 

"Are you still a virgin?  You chose truth, so answer.  Yes or no." 

Emily was quiet for a moment. 

Summer had just started, and already she and her best friends were bored out of their minds.  They had gathered at Eric's house to eat lunch and watch TV. 

Nothing was on. 

So someone suggested they play Truth or Dare.  Pretty lame really.  But sometimes it got interesting. 

Looks like this could be turning that way. 

Emily looked Eric straight in the eyes and stated matter-of-factly, "Yes." 

She immediately turned to Joni on her right.  "Your turn.  Truth or dare?" 

"Truth" 

"Are you a virgin?" 

"Yes." 

And so it went.  Almost as though they all wanted the chance to confess that they had never had sex before.  Three girls and two guys, all 15 to 16 years old, best friends for years.  They knew it was true.  But they needed to admit it among their best friends. 

And so it came back to Eric. 

"Emily, truth or dare?" 

"Dare," she nervously replied, not sure where this was going. 

"Flash us your tits!" 

"Hell no!" 

"You took dare.  You gotta!  Show us your tits.  Show us your tits!" he chanted. 

Soon the others took it up.  "Show us your tits!  Show us your tits!" 

"OK, OK," she muttered, giving in reluctantly. 

Standing up she turned to face the group.  She grabbed her t shirt and pulled it up, along with her bra, above her tits.  Emily had just turned 16 in April.  She had perfectly formed white breasts with small, tight little nipples.  They were about the size of small oranges and were snow white, having never even imagined the sun.  She held them out for about 4 seconds then lowered her shirt.  Everyone cheered and applauded. 

She turned to Joni.  "Truth or dare?" 

Joni, not wanting to risk exposure, said, "Truth." 

"What's the strangest thing you've ever stuck in your pussy?" 

Everybody cracked up at Joni's shocked expression. 

She didn't say a word for a couple of moments. 

"Come on," Emily taunted.  "You gotta answer." 

"She's just trying to narrow the list," chided David. 

Covering her face with her hands she muttered, "A cucumber." 

"What?  I can't hear you." 

Looking up she stated clearly, "A cucumber.  A couple of months ago when I was at home by myself, I found a cucumber and stuck it in my pussy." 

"Did it feel good?" Jennifer asked. 

"Oh yeaaaaa." replied Joni with a sly grin. 

"Your turn David.  Truth or dare?" 

"Dare." 

"Show us your cock!" 

Without hesitation David stood up and pulled out his cock.  David was 15 but already almost 6 feet tall.  Tall and thin, weighing only 155 pounds. His cock popped out of his underwear, long and hard.  It looked about 6 to 7 inches from base to head.  A little drop of pre cum glistened on the head. 

The girls whistled and clapped.  Finally, almost reluctantly, David stuck it back in his pants. 

He turned to Jennifer and asked, "Truth or dare?" 

By now she knew some of what to expect.  "Dare," she replied with a wicked little grin. 

"Give me your underpants." 

Jennifer was also 15.  She was 5'1" and weighed only 98 pounds.  If she would have been wearing a dress this would be easy.  However, she was wearing her tightest pair of jeans.  For her to give him her underwear she would have to pull her pants all the way off, then pull her underwear off, then put her pants back on.  Everyone would see her bare pussy and ass. 

She looked around nervously.  From the looks on their faces no one was going to let her off the hook. 

Suddenly she grinned, stood up, and unfastened her jeans.  She casually pushed them off her hips and down to her ankles, careful to leave her white cotton panties on.  She stepped out of her jeans.  Then, facing the group, she slipped her panties down and stepped out of them. 

She stood up straight and handed them to David.  David was staring at her pussy.  Thin curls of light brown hair barely covered her pink lips. 

Jennifer sat down and started pulling her jeans back on.  Her legs spread wide, giving everyone a clear view of her wet pussy.  Standing up she buttoned her pants and looked expectantly at Eric. 

"Truth or Dare?" 

"Dare." 

"Put on my panties and walk around the room 3 times!" 

Everyone roared with laughter, even Eric. 

He stood up and dropped his pants and underwear.  His cock was standing straight our, at least 7 inches.  He strutted over to David and took Jennifer's panties.  He slipped his feet in and then pulled them up to his waist.  Eric was thin, but he still outweighed Jennifer by 50 pounds.  The elastic was stretched as far as it could possibly go.  White cotton gripped his ass cheeks like hands.  His cock poked it's glistening head over the top. 

Strutting like the King of England, Eric walked around the room. 

Just as he was finishing the third circle they heard the garage door going up. 

"Shit!  Mom's home early!" Eric yelled. 

He grabbed his jeans and pulled them on over Jennifer's panties. Glancing down he saw his own underwear laying in the middle of the floor. Before he could reach them, Joni grabbed them and pulled them on herself, over her own panties and under her dress, hidden from view.  They were way to big, but if she were careful they wouldn't fall down and were safely hidden from view. 

By the time Eric's mom walked in the kids were laying back and watching TV. 

Joni leaned over to Emily and whispered, "This summer may not be so boring after all!" 


Chapter 2: Spin the Bottle 

The next day, the teens gathered at David's house.  Once again, they were alone in the house. 

Each of them had been thinking about the nudity from the day before. Each wanted to do more, but was embarrassed to admit it, at least as a group.  They sat around and watched a movie and played video games. 

Jennifer sat up and exclaimed, "This is so boring!" 

"Well, what do want to do?" replied Eric. 

Everyone knew what they wanted, just not how to accomplish it. 

"Let's play Truth or Dare again, " replied Jennifer. 

"We've already done that," said David.  "Let's play something else." 

"Like what?," asked Jennifer. 

"We could play Spin the Bottle," suggested Joni. 

"That's so tame," stated David.  "All you do is kiss people." 

"Not if you play strip Spin the Bottle!" said Joni. 

"How do you play that?" asked Emily, interested. 

"We sit in a circle and spin a bottle.  Whoever it points to has to take off one piece of clothing.  The first one to strip and then get dressed again, wins." Joni replied. 

"Let's do it this way," said Jennifer.  "Whenever someone wins, the rest of us have to wear whatever we have on until it's time to go home!" 

"Or whatever we DON'T have on!" laughed Emily. 

"Cool," said David.  "I'm game.  But we have to all have the same number of clothes on.  How many do we need?" 

They decided that each person had 4 pieces of clothing, if you count sandals or socks as one.  They got in a circle on the kitchen floor so there would be no interference from the carpet. 

Eric spun first. 

"Joni." 

Off came the sandals. 

Emily spun next. 

"David" 

Off came his socks. 

Joni was next. 

"Eric" 

He quickly pulled his socks off. 

Next was David's turn. 

It pointed squarely at Emily. 

Without saying a word, she removed her shirt. 

Jennifer spun next. 

It landed on David again. 

He removed his shirt. 

After one round, Jennifer was the only one to have not lost any clothes. 

Eric spun again. 

"Joni!" 

Joni was wearing a sundress.  She stood up and slid her panties down and kicked them onto the pile. 

Emily spun it to Jennifer.  Finally it was her turn.  She quickly kicked off her shoes. 

"Your spin, Joni," she said. 

Eric took off his shirt. 

David spun it to Emily.  She had already taken off her shirt.  Now came her shorts.  There she sat, wearing only her white cotton panties and bra. 

"Oh no!" she cried, as Jennifer spun the bottle back to her. 

All the others grinned.  She was the first to show real skin.  She unhooked her bra and slid it off her shoulders.  Everyone had seen her tits the day before, but a 4 second flash was a lot different from sitting on the floor in nothing but her panties.  Her small nipples stood up proudly in the cool air. 

"Enough staring!" she said.  "Eric, it's your turn." 

Unbelievably it pointed to Emily again. 

"Nooooooo!" She cried.  "That's not fair!  How can I be nude when your all dressed?" 

"Come on, Emily.  It just means you'll be the first one dressed," comforted Joni. 

Embarrassed, she slid her panties down and tossed them in the pile.  Her pussy was covered in tight brown curls.  Drops of moisture clung to her lips.  Leaning over, she spun the bottle. 

Jennifer grinned and pulled off her socks. 

Joni spun it around to herself.  Pulling her arms into her dress, she undid her bra and pulled it out. 

"No fair!" shouted Emily and David at once. 

"We never said what order we had to take them off in," said Joni. 

"She's right," said Jennifer.  "Spin, David." 

When it landed on Jennifer, she stood up and pulled her dress over her head.  She was wearing a sundress and hadn't bothered with a bra.  Now she stood in front of her best friends in thong panties, her budding tits hard with excitement.  The nipples were bright pink, like small rose buds.  Her breasts were smaller than Emily's, more like a soft peach. 

She sat down and spun. 

Eric stood and dropped his shorts.  Now all he had on were his jockeys. It was easy for the girls to see his cock straining to be free. 

He spun it around to Jennifer. 

"Now Emily and I are tied for first place," she exclaimed as she stood and pulled off her thong.  She had shaved her pussy to a tight bikini line, leaving her lips completely bald.  When she sat back down, cross-legged, it was easy to see the excitement dripping from her twat. 

Emily, looking much more comfortable now that she was not the only one nude, spun. 

Finally it landed on David again.  He stood up and dropped his jeans. His underwear was wet where his cock head pressed against it. 

"Point to the boys!" screamed Joni as she spun. 

Instead, it pointed to Jennifer. 

"I'm not ready for the fun to be over," she said, as she slid her socks on and returned to her cross-legged position, nude. 

David spun it around to Joni. 

She stood and pulled her dress off. 

"Guess we're going to win girls.  Looks like we'll be staring at cocks all afternoon," she proclaimed. 

Joni was gorgeous.  She was small, almost tiny, with blond hair.  Her breasts were perfectly proportioned to her body.  Thin whips of white clouds curled around her bare pussy.  She, too, was dripping with excitement. 

"Yes!" Jennifer yelled as she spun it around to Eric. 

Grinning, Eric stood and dropped his underpants.  His hard cock popped out, relieved to be unbound.  A long stream of pre cum slid off his head and dangled in front of him until he sat down.  He leaned forward and spun. 

Now it was David's turn.  He, too, grinned as he stood up and slid his underwear down and stepped out of them.  He unconsciously slid his hand up his long cock as he sat down again. 

Five nude teenagers were now sitting in a circle on a cold hard kitchen floor, staring at each other's cocks and pussies.  It seemed as though none of them wanted to continue the game.  Reluctantly Emily leaned forward and spun. 

When it landed on Joni she slipped her sandals on, choosing to stay bare as long as possible. 

Joni spun it to Emily who slipped on her bra. 

David spun it to Emily again. 

"Guess you were right, Joni.  I will be the winner." She slid on her panties. 

Jennifer spun it to Joni who quietly put on her bra. 

Eric spun it to David who put on his socks, making sure to spread his legs wide so that everyone could see his cock and balls. 

Emily spun it back to herself.  She slipped into her shirt. 

"If it lands on Emily again, we all stay like this!" exclaimed Eric. 

Joni spun.  Each one hoped it would land on Emily, but no one would admit it. 

Instead, it pointed to Eric. 

"Let's be daring!" he proclaimed as he slid on his socks. 

David spun it to himself.  He pulled his shirt back on. 

Jennifer spun it to Joni who put on her bra. 

"Emily!" Everyone shouted, excited and embarrassed. 

Emily stood and slipped on her shorts. 

Then she looked around. 

Joni was sitting next to her wearing a thin white bra and sandals. David sat in his socks with his bare cock peeking out from under his shirt. Jennifer was bare ass nude except for a pair of tennis socks.  Eric was also sitting nude in just his socks, his cock standing proudly! 

"It's 11:00 am.  Are you guys really going to stay that way all afternoon?" 

"Of course!" said Jennifer.  "What other time have we ever been able to stare at 2 big cocks before!" 

"Or us as 2 dripping pussies?" chimed in David. 

"OK," said Joni.  "But no fooling around!  At least not today" 

"Deal," said Eric. 

They spent the rest of the day hanging out, totally nude.  They ate lunch, watched a movie, and played video games.  Occasionally one of the guys would get hard, looking at the girls.  They'd all joke about it. Eventually it went down. 

Emily was actually jealous.  She thought about stripping as well, but just couldn't draw up the courage to do it. 

"Tomorrow!" she promised herself! 


Chapter 3: The Plan 

That night Jennifer spent the night with Emily.  Right after supper the two girls retreated into Emily's bedroom to watch TV and talk. 

"So, what was it like spending the whole day nude around the guys?" asked Emily. 

"It was so cool," exclaimed Jennifer.  "It was a little scary at first - but it was so neat.  God, I got so horny." 

"I'm so jealous.  I wanted to join you." 

"Why didn't you?  We were all nude, why not you too?" 

"I couldn't," complained Emily.  "I didn't have a good reason to strip! I felt so left out.  I want to do it tomorrow though." 

"Cool.  What are we going to do?" 

"I don't know.  Any ideas." 

"We could go skinny dipping in your pool," suggested Jennifer. 

"Yea.  But I want to do more than that." 

"Like what?" asked Jennifer. 

"I don't know.  I don't want to just go skinny dipping.  I want this to last all summer.  I want to be wild!" 

"Yea.  Today was so cool I don't want it to stop." 

"We need some kind of plan.  What all would you like to do?" asked Emily. 

"I want to be nude alot." 

"OK.  Me too.  Where?" 

"At home.  Outside.  Everywhere!" exclaimed Jennifer. 

"Like in public?" asked Emily. 

"Yea.  Like in public!  I want to be wild!" 

"Cool!  What else do we do?" 

"I want to lose my virginity, " said Jennifer. 

"Me to.  To the guys?" 

"Yea.  They're our best friends.  Why not?" 

"Have you ever wanted to do it to a girl?" 

"I've thought about it.  Have you?" asked Jennifer. 

"Sometimes," replied Emily. 

"OK.  Sooooo...  now what?" asked Jennifer.  "We want to be nude a lot, have sex...  a lot.  And do daring things in public.  How do we get everyone to agree?" 

"We've got to set some rules - and get everyone to agree to them!  Then we just do it!" said Emily. 

After a couple of hours of brainstorming they came up with the following list: 

1.  Absolutely no underwear of any kind may be worn at any time. 

2.  You must sleep in the nude every night, no exceptions. 

3.  You must perform any sexual act with another member of the club when asked, regardless of the time or location. 

4.  During the summer, every member of your immediate family must see you nude at least once a week. 

5.  By the end of the summer, you must have been seen nude by a minimum of 10 people in a public place. 

6.  Each week a different member of the club will develop a dare that must be completed by each member of the club during that week. 

7.  You must have sex with at least one person outside the club before school starts in September. 

8.  Failure to perform any of the above will result in the club creating a unique and more difficult dare that you must complete successfully or be banned from the group. 

"There," said Emily with satisfaction.  "That should do it." 

"But what about losing our virginity?" asked Jennifer. 

"That's # 3," said Emily. 

"So what...  are we just gonna spread our legs and say go to it boys?" asked Jennifer.  "Surely we can come up with something better than that!" 

"You're right.  But what can we do?" 

"I don't know.  But I don't want to just be fucked!  I want it to be exciting!" 

"We've gotta come up with a contest of some kind," said Emily. 

"I don't know.  Let's sleep on it and we can discuss it as a group tomorrow." 

"OK," agreed Emily.  "But I think we're overdressed for these rules." 

"You're right," said Jennifer as she pulled her night gown over her head and stepped out of her panties.  Emily tossed both girls' pajamas and panties into the corner.  "Banished for life!" she exclaimed.