Her Special Wedding Night

Mary gathered her wedding dress above her waist, lay back on the bridal bed and spread her legs. She had been anticipating this night for some time since her husband-to-be promised that she'd be VERY satisfied on her wedding night. She had discarded her panties upon entering the bridal suite.

She had been celibate for a year when they met, due to a string of unsatisfying relationships. She always gently and firmly denied Jerry's sexual advances, and to her surprise, he continued to date her. When he proposed, she readily accepted, reminding him that there would be no intercourse until the wedding night. That was when he told her what he had planned for that special night. He told her he'd even hold back from solo relief for a month before experiencing her pussy for the first time.

Mary almost gave in when Jerry told her his plans. Her sexual urges between her hips were the most intense she had ever felt, and it was all she could do to adhere to her own rule.

Jerry had a painful case of blue balls on their wedding day. His self imposed chastity had been more intense than he had anticipated. But he persisted, and told himself that it would be so much sweeter when he would enter his new bride.

~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-

Mary gasped when she wrapped her hand around his cock. "Oh my gosh, it's big!" she exclaimed.

"Are you ready for me?" he asked.

"Oh my God, yes!" she whispered. Her insides trembled with excitement and anticipation.

He impatiently pressed in a couple of inches.

"Oh! Oh God!" she exclaimed.

"Are you okay?"

"Yes! Yes! I want it!"

He shoved his dick in all the way. She was tight and well lubricated from her arousal.

"Oh! Ahh!" she squirmed. He held still for a few moments to let her appreciate the size of his member. Then he slowly pumped, using long strokes. Each time he pushed in all the way, he paused for a moment.

Then it came. Her first vaginal orgasm. She unabashedly filled the room with her wordless exclamations as she twisted from side to side with his big dick inside her. He resumed thrusting, a little faster this time. A few minutes later, when her next orgasm overtook her, he could no longer hold back. "Uhh! Uh!  Uhh! Uh!  Uhhh!" he groaned as his cock throbbed and spurted inside her.

"Oh God, that feels good!" she exclaimed. "More! Give me more!"

His dick had not softened, and since he had given her an immense serving, he knew he could fuck for a while before spurting again. He maneuvered her into several different positions, and she had one orgasm after another. He felt himself cross the point of no return, and exclaimed, "Oh my God!" and again spurted and spurted inside the sexy bride.

He stayed inside her until his breathing became normal, and then pulled out. He quickly got dressed, smiled at Jerry, and left the room.

Jerry had been completely undressed as he observed his bride's intense fucking. It had taken all his effort to keep his hands off his cock when he heard her orgasmic exclamations.

He removed her blindfold. Their eyes met, and she exclaimed, "Oh, Jerry, that was wonderful!"

He smiled and approached her pussy with his mouth. What a mess, he told himself. He licked all around her pussy. "Oh! Oh my gosh! Jerry, this is so nasty! I love it!"

Jerry then had her straddle his mouth and he enthusiastically cleaned her pussy while she had several more orgasms.

Then she removed her wedding dress and lay on the bed completely naked with a come hither look in her eyes. Jerry positioned his painfully erect cock at her entrance. He plunged in, and got down on top of her. One thrust. Two thrusts. Three thrusts, and he crossed the line. "Oh my God, Mary!" he hoarsely whispered as he spurted and spurted inside her. It was a sweet feeling for Jerry, and he tried to savor the experience. Mary again straddled his mouth and he eagerly cleaned her pussy of his own sperm, giving her two orgasms.

They slept for a few hours, and Jerry awoke with and intense ache in his nuts. He licked his bride's pussy, and when she awoke, he entered her and kept still. "Stay like that, Jerry," Mary pleaded. "You're longer than the guy with the big dick, even though his is a lot wider!"

"It feels so good to be inside you, Mary."

He kept still as much as possible while inside his new bride. Her excited eyes, her sweet lips, and the incredible feeling of her tight pussy overpowered what little self control he had.

"Mary...  Mary, I can't...  Oh God!" Jerry again spurted recklessly inside her.

He was disappointed. "I'll make it up to you," he said as he pulled out and began to lick her freshly spermed pussy.

"Like earlier tonight?"

He noticed the gleam in her eyes as she asked.

He said yes.

"You're so good to me, Jerry. Fuck me again!"

-----
This story is copyright 2013 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
