Exposed And Controlled
by EmieLove

She is made to cum in public like the good girl she is.

You're sitting next to me in a restaurant. We're in a corner booth where we can't really be seen by the rest of the diners. You've made me wear my remote controlled toy and you are controlling it with your phone as we drink our cocktails.

I'm not wearing panties. You're watching my face as you edge me over and over again. You know me so well that you can tell when I'm close and when to stop and let me catch my breath.

After a while, you ask me which server I like the look of. I point out a tall dark man in his late 20s. You call him over to our table.

"Could you please bring us some paper towels? My girl has made a mess on the chair."

I take a quick audible breath in, ashamed and humiliated. I blush a dark red, from my rock-hard nipples, clearly visible beneath my sheer low-cut top, up to my pink cheeks. My eyes fill with tears but I don't let them fall. I'm determined to not let you make me cry today.

The server goes and brings a couple of sheets.

"I think we're going to need more than that!" you snort.

You lift my skirt up around my waist, exposing my pink horny pussy. I glance down. My lips are parted and swollen, showing their pink soft insides to the shocked server, who is staring intently between my legs.

The pink antenna from the toy emerges from my soaking cunt, and curls up in front of my clit, which is enlarged and standing proud, the little button reaching for release, anywhere it can get it. And the most embarrassing of all - my pussy juice is everywhere. I'm sitting in a puddle of my own cum. It looks like I've pissed myself, like a baby who can't hold it. A tear escapes my eye and rolls down my cheek. I don't make a sound, keeping my head down in shame.

"Do you like what you see?" you ask the server.

The shape of his hard cock is clearly visible under his pants - the suddenness of youth.

"Fuck, that's the hottest little pussy I've ever seen!" he replies, with a big smile on his face.

"Would you like to play with her?" you say, offering him your phone with the app open.

"No, please don't!" I cry out, knowing that the slightest vibration will push me over the edge.

I'm mortified at the idea of cumming here, in the restaurant, with the server watching and controlling it.

"Yes, baby. It's what you need. It's what you want. Trust me." you say.

It's too late anyway as the server has eagerly taken the phone and is studying the screen.

"KItten, this nice young man is going to make you cum now. You're going to squirt all over the seat, aren't you? For me, and for our new friend here. With your skirt around your waist in a restaurant. Sitting in a puddle of your own cum.

Your cunt is so open and ready. We can all see it! We can all see what a thirsty whore you are. What a dirty little slut you are. My very own wet, perverted girl. Take my hand, and look our friend here in the eyes as you cum for him. Show him what a wanton, insatiable little fucktoy you are."

Your words take me to the very edge of the cliff, yet again. I start to pant like a puppy and force myself to raise my chin and look up at the server, standing over me, my release in his hands.

You take my hand in yours, stroking me to reassure me that I'm safe. Then your face turns darker, as you give a single nod to the server, who turns the toy on full with a single swipe of his thumb.

My head flies back against the high padded backrest as I fly uncontrollably off the edge. My cunt contracts and pushes out as I lose all remaining shreds of my dignity and spread my legs as wide as possible, pushing my pelvis up towards the server, riding the waves of an immense orgasm.

Just as I start to come down, you reach your hand across and pinch my nipple hard to keep me cumming.

"Again, baby. We want more."

As the second, bigger wave hits me, my cunt pulses and I squirt, all over the server's trousers.

"That's it, kitten. What a good girl you are. Again."

Your voice sends me over the top again, and a second jet of my hot cum spurts out of my pussy and soaks the server again. I am humiliated beyond belief but I can't control anything. All I can do is give in to the fire in my belly and let go.

As I start to tremble and shake, the tears finally come. Rolling down my cheeks, smudging my makeup, dripping onto my sheer blouse.

Realising I am finally broken, you indicate to the server to stop the toy and remove it from my cunt. As he starts to pull on it to remove it from my body, we can all hear the embarrassing sounds of my wetness.

My humiliation is complete when the large egg-shaped toy finally pops out of my swollen lips, followed by a veritable flood of pussy juice that was trapped behind it. It splashes onto the chair and the pool of cum begins to drip onto the floor between my spread legs.

As I sob and cry in my shame, you motion for the server to go wash the toy and give us some privacy. You pull my upper body towards you and I bury my face in the side of your neck, to muffle the sound of my sobs and seek the comfort only you can give me.

You take the paper towels and gently clean me, and then the seat, before pulling down my skirt. Then you take my face in your hands and kiss my tear-stained face.

"I'm so proud of you, Kitten. You're such a good girl. You were so brave for me. You were so beautiful. So fucking sexy."

You dry my tears and kiss me on the mouth until I respond, opening my lips to let you in.

"There's my dirty girl again!" you growl in my ear.

"Good. When we get home, it's my turn. I'm going to fuck you slowly and gently. Then harder and faster and deeper until I come, deep inside one of my fuckholes, filling you with my hot cum to mark you as mine. My girl. My love. My kitten. Mine."