TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  March 2009 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuck, M+/F, MM, MF, Impreg, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE




Title: Phantomville Series Vol 8: A Cuckold Conversation: Case #1
Author: C.D.E.

CAST:
Glenn
Gail  Glenn's wife
Norman
Nicole  Norman's wife
Rev. Norton


	No Norman, there is no other way, my wife has to have her freedom, otherwise I know my marriage wouldn't be as successful as it is.  I said to my co-worker while we were on our lunch break.

	I agree with you Glenn, for us it's the best way, especially since for both of us, we are always  competing with better looking and better endowed  guys who are constantly trying to get in our wives's panties and trying to take them from us.  Norman replied with a slight sigh.

	You're so right, as cuckolds, we have to do what it takes to demonstrate and show our wives just how much we want them and to keep their love.

	Yes, you're so right Glenn.  I haven't been married as long as you have, but I've learned so much from talking to you.

	I'm glad to have given you some useful tips.  Sure it's difficult for us cucks, but I tell you, we are rather fortunate that here in Phantomville, many people are very understanding of the cuckold lifestyle.  Sure, some folks look at me with disdain because they see my Gail as basically a slut because she's had several kids from other men  as you know, all our kids were fathered by her various lovers.

	But long time ago, it became apparent to me that she preferred other men than me, her husband, to give sexual fulfillment from regular intercourse, as well as to inseminate her.  So therefore,  I knew if I wanted to stay her husband and keep our marriage together, I had to accept and adapt to her desires.

	And I've come to seeing things the same way.  Nicole has always let me know that her real men are the source of her real sexual satisfaction, and that I only enhance it with my mouth and devotion to her.  In other words, her studs are her fuckers and I'm her sucker.  But it's very apparent to me now that my wifes wants to have children, but just not from me.  By the way,  she told me last night that we are going to be having our second child.

	Well congratulations Norman!  Any idea who the father is?

	I'm pretty sure it's my boss's baby.  He's been taking her out for the last 3 months,  you know, to get to know more about our family life and to tell her how our company is family oriented.  She's really gained quite an insight into the inner workings of the company.  She's been traveling with him on several business trips too.

	I see.

	After meeting her at the company Christmas party, he sent me an e-mail telling me what a great wife I had.  You know what a big flirt Nicole is, well anyway she was flirting with him by putting her hands in his pants and feeling his cock.  She also let him take her tits out and suck on 'em, as well as let him slide his hand under her mini skirts and caress her naked pussy.  She never wears panties when she goes out socially with me.  She really likes flashing her beaver.

	My Gail is the same way.  And since so many guys see it, I make sure her bush is properly trimmed and clipped.  And after all, since she's always telling everybody that I'm her pussy maid, it's a reflection on me if her pussy doesn't look attractive.  You see my point?

	Fully.  And taking a cue from you when we discussed this before, I began taking the same pride in my workmanship too, even if I don't get to fuck her near as many times as her other studs.  Well anyway, as I was saying, my boss sent me an e-mail that my wife made quite an impression on him and that he wanted to interview her further to see if it she could help my job longevity and promotion eligibility.  He added in his e-mail that she gave him great head at the party.

	I guess your wife sees giving blow jobs as flirting too?

	Yes she does Glenn. At first, I found it hard to believe, but she showed me this report from the Internet and it clearly said that flirting can include giving head and that oral sex wasn't considered by many legal authorities to be regular sex, you know like full intercourse, where you have a cock and cunt coupling.

	Yes, my Gail told me the same thing.  But while she gives many blow jobs, often right in front of me, she has yet to ever take my prick between her lips.  She tells me as her husband I shouldn't expect her to do the same slutty things that other men expect of her.  She also added that if she has to give head, she would prefer the man's dick be of a large size, so that automatically cuts me off her list.

	My wife's told me the same thing.  As you know, I'm about like you, barely over 4 inches.

	We both went quiet for a moment as we took a drink of sodas while lamenting over the size of our small pricks.

	So you think your boss sired your latest bun in the oven?

	Yes, Glenn, I'm pretty sure.  Because after just the first interview with her   he took her out to dinner and dancing and to a motel -  she let me know that he wanted her to stop taking her birth control pills and that I was to bring them to work and give them to him.

	Tell me Norman, was it like the last time that your boss's boss fucked your wife and ultimately knocked her up with your first kid?

	Yes it was, I had to bring her remaining 2 month's supply of pills to work in a clear plastic bag  a zip lock type  and they had to be labeled Wife's Birth Control Pills and my full name had to be written on a label on the bag.  My wife took care of all that, all I had to do was to deliver it to his secretary.  I was not to hide or conceal it in anyway when I brought it in. 

	As you might expect, my other co-workers were snickering and whispering about me doing that.  They knew that the boss was going to be plumping my wife up.

	like I said Norman, there are still some prudish folks here in Phantomville, but it's good we have some folks that fully understand what we cuckolds have to go through and don't snicker and whisper at us as we get humiliated by such bulls and predatory cunt hounds like your boss and his boss  and mine too.  After all,  4 of my 8 kids were sired by company managers.

	And Glenn, from the warm caring relationship you have with all your kids, no one would ever know you weren't their real father.

	Ha! Ha! Of course,  all they would have to do is look for any resemblance between them and me, since none of them look like me.  But you're right Norman, I do love all our kids and have never shown any animosity or a negative attitude toward them because I'm not their biological dad.  It's just not in me or my nature to be that way.  Sure, they're not my flesh and blood, but they do have part of my wife in their makeup.  That's good enough for me.  Since like I said, she has decided that other men will populate our family, and that if I love her, I'll have to abide by her decision. 

	I know what you mean Glenn.  Even though I knew all along that the baby wasn't mine, it made Nicole so happy to be carrying another man's baby.  She would have me kiss her swollen tummy every morning when she was swollen and plump.  So when the little fellow came in the world, it was like he and I had been bonded all along.  And like you, I couldn't feel any ill will toward him just because I didn't put him in her.

	You know Norman, I guess us cuckolds are just naturally made up to be good daddies, even if we aren't real fathers.

	I can agree with that.  And another thing  Glenn, I guess we both should be proud that the managers here think enough of our wives to want to impregnate them.

	Yeah, Norman, you do have a point there.  You know, Rev. Norton  our new minister - told me something very similar recently.   In fact it was at the church picnic two weeks ago.  It was there that  my Gail caused him to get so aroused and horny.  He came looking for me and found  me playing horse shoes.  He interrupted my game.  He said he had to see me right away.  I immediately thought the kids or Gail had gotten hurt or something.

	Well, he asked me to walk with him a short distance to a secluded wooded area of the rural park we were at.  That's when he told me that my Gail had gotten him so aroused by her flirting with him and other men over near the park's men's restrooms.

	He told me 'My son, my dick is throbbing so, it feels like it's going to break.  I need some help here.  And since you're her husband, I feel it's your obligation to suck this off for me.'  He then pushed his shorts and briefs down, including a jockey strap he was wearing, and out popped up what had to easily be a 7 inch plus stout cock.  His shaft was thickly veined and the head was of larger diameter than his thick shaft.  I'm telling you, his dick head was so shiny and taut. It was very pinkish from being so blood gorged and swollen.  He was right, if there was ever a dick that needed sucking, his was.

	I sighed, then told him, 'I guess you're right Reverend.  Why don't you lean against this tree and I'll go down on you.'  As we positioned ourselves, I took his magnificent and hard heated member in my hand and  softly caressed it.  You know, to get a good feel of him before I took him in my mouth.  That's when he told me to lick his balls before I mouthed his dick.  I did as he requested.  And after nuzzling his big hairy, and very warm nut sac with my tongue and lips, I proceeded to work my licking and lapping action from the base of his large rigid tool to the dick head slit.  My tongue flitting action on his slit really caused him to squirm, so much so, he grabbed my head and pushed his dick in my mouth and simply started fucking my face.

	It's a good thing, I'm an accomplished cocksucker, otherwise I know I would've had trouble accommodating his size and his fucking action.  He called me all sorts of derogatory names, such as 'faggot', 'wimp', 'pantywaist bitch' and so forth.  He had a few for my Gail also, such as 'tramp', 'gutter slut' and 'whore'.  However, I of course have long ago become desensitized to such vulgarity.  From my experience, it's common to hear men say such things when they're in the midst of getting toward their nut.

	Well it didn't take him long to ejaculate and when he did, I'm telling you, he really shot a heavy hot and a copious gooey load.  I had to swallow at least 7 times if I remember.  After slowly suckling him a while longer, he pulled it from my still sucking lips.  A PLOP noise was very noticeable.  He told me 'That's some might fine cocksucking my son.  Probably the best blow job I've had, bar none.  I can tell you're an accomplished cocksucker by the way you took my load even though I rammed my dick to the back of your throat and unleashed my cum.  You didn't gag or choke.  It was so good to fuck your mouth like it was gutter whore's cunt.'

	I didn't know what else to say to the Reverend, so I just said 'Thank you sir, you're welcome'.  He added 'Forgive me for saying those things about you and your wife, for I've heard about and understand your marital situation, but as part of me getting rid of my burning physical temptation in your mouth, using derogatory verbiage also cleanses my mind too.  I hope you understand what I'm saying Glenn?'  I responded I did, and that I didn't hold it against him in the least.

	Even though he had pulled himself from my lips, I still held his big dick in my hand and was gingerly fondling it as well as his hairy balls with a couple of my fingers.  It really hadn't softened that much even after him giving me his thick creamy load that left a heated trail down my gullet, and which was now a warming presence in my stomach.  I said to him 'Reverend, your balls are still a bit full, it might be best if you use my mouth to get off a second load so you won't have another boner bothering you so soon after the first one.

	His reply was 'Why, that's a good idea my son.  I could stand to get off another load.  C'mon, left me fuck that sweet pussy mouth of yours again.'  His next load took a bit longer for me to get than the first, but his more leisurely face fucking action was very enjoyable for both of us.  His load was not as much as his first, but it wasn't that much smaller either.  Both were very creamy and hot.

	As he and I walked back toward the picnic area he told me that he'd heard a lot about me and my wife. 'Glenn, I'm proud of you and especially the responsibility you've shown as a husband and a daddy to Gail's many illegitimate kids she's had by other men over the years of your marriage.  It shows true love and devotion on your part, and puts real meaning into the phrase for better or worse.  Now I've heard she loves you immensely even if she does give her pussy to many other men.  But you should just see that as her way of giving you plenty of opportunities to prove your love to her by being the pussy whipped, spineless, cocksucking cuckold you apparently are today.'

	He and I continued talking as he lead me toward where he'd left my wife, who he told me had about a dozen guys standing in line to fuck her.  He estimated there were about about a half dozen in front for her sweet mouth and an equal number waiting in the cue for her sloppy cunt.  He also revealed that he got tired of waiting in the line to get some of her reputed fine pussy, is the reason he sought me out.  I told him I fully understood and that I didn't mind in the least.  I let him know I often became a receptacle for dicks and sperm intended for my wife.

	He told me 'I'd heard that about you.  And it's good that you've done the same thing for other men who've been aroused by your vivacious wife.  Your reputation as skilled cocksucker is widely known, so I decided to find you.  And I must say, it was a pleasure to find out that you met the expectations of your reputation in an outstanding manner.  And I've also heard from the head of the Board of Elders that you are very reliable and dependable the many times the  Board has called you before them to address the transgressions of sexual temptation by your slutty wife.  They say that you routinely and dutifully plead no contest and fully accept and and all their judgments against your wife.  He said they are always impressed by your fully accepting responsibility for her slutty acts , as well as their demand that you should personally have to atone for her lascivious actions.  And as a good husband,  to resolve their complaints of arousing their horniness, you , without reluctance offer yourself, both your mouth and ass, to them to appease their grievances.  And the head Elder told me each time he's fucked you, or when the Board has pulled a train on you, you've always had a nice clean ass-pussy for them to stick their dicks into.'

	Still blushing, I meekly admitted to him that what he heard was true.  He then ran his hand over my ass and then groped me saying 'I'm going to have to try some of your ass-cunt sometime since I've heard so much about it.  You don't mind do you?'

	I let him know that I would be available whenever he needed me.  He again praised me for being so responsible as a husband and a dutiful church member.  I tell you Norm, my face stayed flushed with pride from all from all the nice things he said about me, and  I really appreciated the accolades he gave me for being such a devoted caring husband and daddy.

	Well Glenn, I think you really deserve all the nice praise and credit he gave you.  After all, it's tough being a cuckold husband and daddy and enduring all the daily humiliations that's a way of life for us, even if we choose to accept our lot.  And by the way, since you mentioned it,  I too get a nice compliment from keeping my ass-pussy freshly douched.  It really does make for a nicer experience of getting fucked.

	Norman and I had a heart to heart talk about the fact that even though so called real men have fucked us, usually as a means of dominating and degrading us cuckolds, which boosted their manly egos, we both had to admit that we didn't find it all that unpleasant occasionally having a dick up us, even if it was proof of our pantywaist demeanor.  And by the number of requests we've had for repeat sessions of intercourse from real men, we've both come to the conclusion, they too find delight in getting some cuckold pussy from time to time.

	After a brief digression on the topic of   being ass fucked,  Norman brought up the picnic again and wanted to know what happened when I located my wife Gail.

	Well, we stopped near a thicket of trees behind the building where the park's mens restroom was.  From about 30 feet away, I could easily see my wife's familiar figure as she was positioned on a park bench being fucked by one remaining guy and sucking the last one in front.  She was naked except for a halter top, which was pulled down to midway her torso.  Her ample tits were out and flopping about as the two remaining men groped them freely.  Her other clothes were in a pile nearby.

	Rev. Norton said to me as we watched from our spying area 'She's going to need you to help her clean up the mess as soon as that last guy shoots his load.  Even from here I can hear her sloppy fuck hole talking and saying I'm a mess - he said with a chuckle, in reference to the very noisy sloppy squishy sounds that emanated from the fucking before our eyes.  'Well I'll leave you here. I need to be getting back to the others now.  Have a good time eating your wife's well fucked box.'  He said in a good natured tone, as he left me standing there waiting for my wife to wrap up her activities.

	Rev. Norton is a great guy Glenn, he's counseled me about my marriage and praised me for sucking his cock after church service one time, after Nicole got him all heated from her antics with him his first Sunday at the church about 2 months ago.  And by the way, Nicole also set herself to have a train pulled on her at that picnic too.  She sent one of the guys that fucked her to find me.  She told him to tell me to come and clean out her pussy. 'It's really messy and slimy', he said to me in a condescending tone and with a broad smirking smile  on his face.  The guy didn't show any discretion.  A lot of other people were around when he spoke to me rather loudly.  I couldn't help but blush at being so brazenly embarrassed.  But yet as I walked away from the crowded area and the snickering condescending eyes of the folks there, I couldn't help but feel that warm rush of strange enjoyment from being humiliated so unexpectedly and blatantly. Only us cuckolds understand this curse.

	Yes, Norman, you're so right.  Anyway, go on with what you were saying.

	Oh yes.  So when I got to Nicole, the guy was correct, her well trimmed bushy crotch was a total fucking frothy mess.  I really sucked a lot of fuck gunk from her cock battered snatch that afternoon.

	The same here Norman.  After Gail took those 2 fellows loads, she was so glad to see me and instantly gave me a juicy slimy kiss.  Her mouth smelled and tasted of dick and semen.  After a long passionate kiss that only a cuckold like us could appreciate, I left her guide my head to her swampy, slimy, sloppy,  fuck hole.  

	Here pussy was oozing, gamy, and gloppy, but as always, it gave me pleasure to be able to please her this way.  She enjoyed it so much.  Her orgasm was very intense.  And as happens sometimes, well a lot, and I can't explain why, but when we have a really exotic sex session like that, I came in my shorts from her very appreciative orgasmic responses to the enjoyment I gave her with my mouth.

	After rounding up the kids, we headed home later that evening. After we got home, Gail told me 'I'm sorry the Rev. Norton couldn't wait his turn, I would've  like to have had him fuck me.  Oh well, I'm sure I'll have other opportunities.  But it's nice to know that I got him so hard he went to find and fuck your face as a substitute.  And he's right Glenn, you are a great spouse and daddy to our kids.  I don't know what I'd do with out you.  You are exactly what a hot wanton slut like me needs in a husband.'  She also said that she liked the idea Rev. Norton fucking me and urged me to be sure and remind him of his desire to do so.

	It's really good for you and you wife to be so open with each other.  I'm sure Gail will get her chance to give the good reverend some pussy, as well as you too.  And by the way, that same thing happened to me  that is I came in my shorts too from eating out Nicole's messy semen oozing muff.  I can't explain it either, and it happens to me often too.  Her rousing intense orgasms - as she grinds her sloppy slimy crotch tightly against my face - shows me how much she appreciates me cleaning up the fuck slop of other men from her pussy.

	I know what you mean Norm, It really boosts my ego to know I can get my Gail off like that too and that she shows me just how much she likes it by rubbing her messy twat all over my face?

	Yes Glenn, it definitely is rewarding to have my wife showing her appreciation that way too.

	You know Norm, another things that boosts my self-esteem as a husband is being able to truly give Gail something that she can only get from me.

	What's that?'

	My ass, that is  when she gets in the mood to whip me.  It hurts like hell, but I tell you it really helps her relieve her frustrations.  After she beats and bruises my naked ass, she then feels sorry for me, which really bonds us closer.

	I know, I just went through my first whipping 3 weeks ago.  Remember me telling you about it?

	That's right you did.  Well Norm, it'll hurt, but like I said, after she whips you, it's a clean sheet again for the both of you.  You'll feel atoned for whatever it was that offended or displeased her and she'll feel a sense of remorse for having to have taken her frustrations out on you.  Like I said, it's a win win proposition, since none of my Gail's supposedly 'real men studs' would ever put up with her doing that to them.

	You know, you're so wise.  Nicole did seem somewhat remorseful for hitting me so hard afterwards and told me so as she was rubbing ointment on the welts and bruises on my ass cheeks.  I guess like you said, we don't have to worry about their studs competing with us on this.  And even though I don't look forward to her doing that again, I know undoubtedly she will demand I bend over for my punishment again.  You see, I overheard her telling Gail on the phone how it relieved her stress to lash me, and see the welts popping up on my naked cheeks as the electrical extension cord cut into my flesh.

	Yes, I can tell you Gail gets her kink soothed too by lashing me too.  I think my mom must've too, for I overheard she and Gail talking about how the whippings she gave dad and me, really maintained her mental well being.  I was getting whippings from mom up until I married Gail.  I was 23 then. 

	Did she use a skinny extension cord too?

	Yep, sure did.  She also has a English whippy cane, but she really enjoys using that extension cord.  She gave Gail the idea, well, actually, she instructed Gail on how to whip me.  Mother more or less handed me over to Gail as one would hand over a daughter's hand in marriage.

	You aren't sorry about marrying Gail are you Glenn?

	Oh no Norm, not at all.  But I had aspirations of being the man of my house when we got married.  But little did I know that Gail's love for me didn't have that in her plans.  I was a mama's boy with dreams of being a man I could never be.  So between Gail and her mom and my mom, I learned to be the type of husband I'm best suited to be.  And it took me a while, but they indeed did know what was best for me after all.

	My mom told me the same thing  that is, that she knew what was best for me - when she wouldn't let me stop wearing my cock lock after I reached 18.  I had been wearing the thing since I was 12.  She monitored my masturbation and would only let me jerk off under her watchful eye.  I thought sure when I was 21 she would surely let me take it off, but no she wouldn't.  But I guess I shouldn't complain, for that's how I met Nicole.  She worked at  the company that installed these sophisticated electronically controlled cock locks.

	You never told me that before.

 	Yeah,  that's how I met her.   I had to go in for an adjustment on the device.  She had just started working there at the time.  She was intrigued that I had been wearing one so long and that I was a bona fide virgin.  Well she and mother started chatting, and one thing led to another, and before I knew she and I were dating.  I fell heads over heels in love with her.  She was thrilled that I was a virgin, for she told me it was her dream to marry a guy who was well mannered, a gentleman, and a virgin.

	That sounds pretty romantic Norm.

	Yes, I guess it is another version of boy meets girl.  Norman replied with a slight chuckle.

	But you know Glenn, Nicole demanded I continue wearing my lock through our engagement and on to the present day, as proof of my devotion and love to her.   I've grown fond of wearing it and being under lock and key to my beautiful slut wife.  It really makes me feel like I really belong to my wife.

	I know it's kind of hokey to admit it, but I do too Norman.  I've come to feel that any cuck worth his salt ought to be willing to let his wife, the love of his life, put a cock lock on his balls and cock, and be the holder of the electronic remote key.  And with these new easy to wear electronic models, it couldn't be easier to to let your wife put your prick and balls in sexual bondage.

	You're absolutely right Glenn, absolutely.  And I feel that a wife doesn't really love her husband if she doesn't demand he wear one.

	I have to agree with you on that.  A cuckold husband that is not wearing a cock lock, may have a good reason to feel insecure in his relationship.  For my wifes seems to have a sparkle in her eyes whenever she tells her girlfriends or even another man that she has me under lock and key while she's out giving her pussy to whom ever she pleases.  I know my wife really feels happy that she has me under lock and key and controls my sex life.  She mostly likes me to jerk off for her too when ever she permits me to get off.

	So does Nicole, but actually I'm proud to do that for her.  Because, normal sex for us is me eating her freshly fucked pussy out and then her permitting me to masturbate as she lets me look at her kneading her ample tits and rubbing her freshly sucked snatch.

	Gail does the same thing.  It gives her great satisfaction to see me get off that way too, and since that pleases her so, I don't mind doing it.  She calls it getting off in air pussy when I spurt off for her that way.

	We both had a chuckle then.  After that, we both talked a bit about the few times we get to put our cocks in our wives's cunts, and again we both found out that nothing has really changed since the last time we discussed that subject.  Both our wives only let us push our little dicks in their smoldering wet pussies twice a year  on our birthdays and Christmas.

	And even at those times, we both are required to wear condoms.  In fact neither of us have ever had our wives wet and raw and flesh to flesh like their all of the many, many men that have fucked them.

	Yeah, even when she's pregnant, she requires me to rubber up too.  said Norman wistfully.

	Same here.  Gail  keeps telling me one day she'll let me have her bareback.  She says that I'll have that to look forward to in the marriage.  That way, she claims, so there'll still be intrigue and mystery in our marriage.

	Yeah, Nicole has said something similar.  I guess since they talk and run around together a lot, they compare notes.  Chuckled Norman.

	Yeah, I guess you're right Norm.  But you know, I'm glad they came up with the idea for you and me to do a 69 from time to time.  I want you to know, your mouth really feels good on my throbbing little fellow.  It's really better than air pussy.

	Yes it was for me too Glenn.  You're a good cocksucker also.

	Thanks Norm. And speaking of dicks, when I'm sucking the dick of one of one of my wife's studs, as she or them has me to do on occasion,  instead of seeing it as an humiliating experience as some might, I think of it as an excellent way to assess the sexual capability of the stud.  You know, things like his staying power, amount of jism shot off, spurting force, and richness of his cum.

	I know what you mean Glenn, it is a good way to evaluate his sexual capabilities to see if he really measures up to give the wife the kind of fucking she needs.  I've had to to go down on a lot of Nicole's studs too.  Like you said, it does gives me a chance to see first hand, the dicks that's fucked her hot pretty pussy.  And I don't know why, but its sort of special to have my face fucked by a dick that's fucked her.

	You know Norm, I've experienced the same thing.  I guess...

	BONG!  BONG!  BONG!

	Oh well Norm, that's the end of lunch hour.  See you same time tomorrow.

	Okay buddy, see you.

###END###

Like this story?  Let me know: ccwriter@hotmail.com

	

