The Club 
by Story Guy 

Chapter 6

For the next few days it rained, so Meg and Mark were more or less house bound. With no TV, no internet access, it was nothing but boring. So boring that Mark was laying on his bed reading, of all things, his history book. He looked up to see Meg, in her room, standing, with her door open, looking at him. Their rooms were across the hall from each other's and the doors were so, if both were open, allowed a full view of the other's room. 

Meg was also bored silly and also a bit randy. She stood looking at Mark, who was on his bed, waiting for him to look at her. Meg had just come from the shower and was only wearing a robe. Finally he did. With a big grin on her face, she opened her robe, let it slip from her shoulders, and drop to the floor. That sure got his attention and also excited Meg. She pointed at him hoping he would get the hint. 

Mark had his usual hardon, but seeing Meg standing nude just made things worse. She seemed to be pointing at something and he looked around to see what. Nothing seemed to be unusual or out of place, so he looked back at her. She beckoned for him, so he got off the bed and headed toward her. It confused him when she held her hand up for him to stop. He finally realized what she wanted when she mimed pulling her pants down. 

Meg couldn't believe how dumb her brother could be at times, but he eventually got the message. His hands went to his waist and his jeans and underwear dropped. As she suspected, his dick was stiff. For a moment she looked at it, but then realized both her parents were home. Leaving the door open, she walked to her drawer and pulled out a pair of panties. Meg turned toward Mark again and went to put the panties on, except he was shaking his head. Did he want her to wear a different pair? She refolded the pair in her hand and held up another. Again he shook his head. 

After holding up 4 or 5 pair, she realized what he meant. He didn't want her to wear any! She had never gone without, but the thought excited her. After a short debate with herself, she closed that drawer, opened another, and pulled out a pair of shorts. Once more she turned to face him with a slight blush. He nodded as she stepped into them. 

Meg knew he would also want her braless as well. There was no way she could just wear a tee as her mother would surely notice she had no bra on. She did have a top that was gathered and stretchy though that might work. She pulled it out of the drawer and looked at Mark. His head was bobbing like a bobble-head doll, which made her laugh. She pulled the top on and looked down. With no bra her nipples were poking out some, but with all the folds and wrinkles in the top it wasn't really noticeable. 

Mark had already left his room. Meg looked at herself once more in her mirror. She looked like she normally did, unless one looked closely and saw her nips poking out. It was impossible to tell she had no panties on, but she knew it. It excited her and made her feel naughty. Mark knew as well. 

Satisfied with her looks, even though what she wasn't wearing was making her horny, she walked into the main part of the house. She didn't notice Mark around, but her mom was in the kitchen so she asked her about Mark. She was told he was out in the barn working on some project, but her mom wasn't sure what. 

Meg stalled a while before going out to the barn so it wouldn't appear like she rushed out. Mark was on the loft so Meg climbed up. "Whatcha doing?" she asked. 

“"Making a man cave," Mark grinned. 

Meg looked around. It surprised her how well the room was coming out. He had finished walls up, but no door yet. Unfortunately, right now, his furniture was a couple of hay bales. She wasn't really interested in building though. She could feel the wetness between her legs. She had been like that since she dressed. Her focus went to Mark's crotch hoping to see his erection outlined. She saw nothing. 

"Last time we were at the clubhouse, did you really do Rita in the butt?" Meg asked out of the blue. 

"What?" Mark questioned until her question finally sunk in. "Yeah," he then answered. 

"Did you like it?" she asked. Mark gave her a look making Meg realize her question was rather foolish. "I mean did she like it. Didn't it hurt?" 

"I don't think so. She seemed to like it too," Mark told her. 

Meg noticed his cock making a bigger outline in his jeans. "You were OK putting your... going in that way?" 

"I guess so..." Mark mumbled. Her questions were beginning to embarrass him. 

"The pledge stick didn't hurt, but it was a lot smaller than you," Meg mentioned as she thought. "I don't know if you'd fit in me there." 

"Have you tried anything besides the pledge stick?" Mark inquired, now getting more interested. 

"Well... Um... When I took my shower I kinda put my finger in," she blushed. 

"Did you like it?" 

"I don't know... I guess it wasn't bad," Meg confessed. 

"Take off your shorts," Mark requested. 

"Here? Now? I can't! What if someone comes? No!" Meg blurted. 

"Who's gonna come? Dad isn't home and I don't think mom has ever been in the barn," Mark reasoned. "Besides, there's walls and if someone did come you'd hear them." 

Meg thought for a moment. She was horny today anyway and the way she was dressed just magnified that. "Will you take yours off too?" Mark didn't answer. Instead his jeans and underwear dropped. Meg was now committed. Her shorts hit the floor. 

"Turn around and bend over," Mark said softly. 

"Why?" Meg halfheartedly asked even though she knew the answer. For a moment the two just stood and looked at each other. Mark's cock was hard and standing proud, both exciting Meg and making her nervous. "If I say stop you gotta, OK?" she conditioned. Again Mark said nothing in return. 

Meg slowly turned and put her hands on the bail she had been sitting on. She knew what was going to happen and it scared her, but excited her even more. She jumped when Mark's hand settled on her ass. Very slowly and with a light touch, a finger slid down her ass crack. He was going to touch her there and the thought repulsed her, but she wanted it to happen. 

It tickled as his finger lightly brushed her rear opening. She had expected him to just jam his finger into her, but he didn't. Instead he just teased her. She almost wish he had just pushed in. She was curious, but couldn't bring herself to admit it. Eventually his finger began to push in, not enough to enter her though. 

Meg's mind was racing. The idea of someone putting their finger into her ass sent shivers down her spine, but strangely his finger playing with her rear opening felt good and was exciting her. Although she tried to resist, her body finally rejected her brain and she pushed back when Mark pushed forward. 

Her breath sucked noisily through her teeth as his fingertip entered her body. Neither moved for a moment and then Meg pushed back once more. His finger sank deeper. Meg closed her eyes tightly, like she was trying to block out what was being done to her. Mark's finger pushed in anyway. Meg wanted to scream, "Stop!", but her body pushed back. 

"Oh wow," Meg muttered as Mark's hand came to rest on her ass with his finger in her as far as he could reach. Slowly the finger withdrew a bit and then pushed back in. All her fears fled her mind as her body began it's slow ascent up that magic mountain. Her hips, only slightly at first, began to match the rhythm of his finger. 

She audibly sighed, embarrassing her, when his finger pulled out. Quickly though, she felt it back at her entrance, but then his hands went to her hips. It wasn't his finger this time. Again she wanted to protest, but when he pushed easily forward, her body pushed her ass back. 

Meg gasped when Mark's cock popped in. It felt huge. "Are you OK? Want me to stop?" Mark asked. 

"Yes... No... Wait..." Meg stammered. It hurt, but somehow it wasn't pain. She wasn't sure if he was going to rip her apart if he continued, but her body was screaming, "Yes!" through the hurt. After a brief pause, the hurt began to fade. "OK," she muttered and then held her breath expecting more hurt when he pushed again. 

Mark's cock slowly sank into her. There wasn't more hurt, but her ass felt stuffed. Her body was now reacting though. Forgetting all she ever knew about what she should and shouldn't do, she lifted one of her hands to her pussy and began to coax her climax out of it's hiding place. Mark began pumping and Meg could feel her climax coming. 

"I'm gonna cum!" Mark gasped as his hips shot forward slapping his belly against her ass and ramming his cock deeply into her. She felt his cock begin to pulsate, which triggered her climax finally. She had never cum like this before. It seemed to go on forever. Her hand dropped back onto the hay bail as she tried to steady herself on her wobbly legs. 

Eventually her body settled. Mark's dick was still embedded into her, but she could feel him slipping. Too soon it slipped out of her and he stepped back. Meg stood and turned to face him. Neither could say anything. Meg's hand went to her ass and she felt his cum start to dribble out of her. "I'm leaking," she giggled. "Do you have something I could wipe off with?" 

Mark looked around, saw a fairly clean rag, and picked it up holding it out to her. Meg squatted slightly and wiped the cum drooling from her asshole. "You're soft," she smiled, noticing his cock now hanging limply. 

"You OK?" Mark inquired. 

"Yeah, I'm OK. It feels a little weird back there, but I'm fine. I should get back to the house before someone comes looking for me," Meg awkwardly replied. 

"You can stay if you want," Mark hinted. 

"Well... OK I guess. I can't really put my shorts back on because your stuff is still coming out. Will you keep your pants off too?" Mark nodded. 

Meg wondered if something was wrong with her. Mark was her brother, but she liked looking at his dick. She studied it, occasionally wiping the cum from her ass as it dribbled out. She began thinking... Would it be wrong to do what she just did again sometime? 


Chapter 7 

Over the next few weeks, nothing different happened. Mark and Meg went to the clubhouse 2 or 3 times a week, but hadn't been there in the last four days. 

Gail knocked on their door after lunch one day. "Gonna go to the club meeting today? We may be getting a new member. Mish's cousin, Ron, might join. His parents are getting a divorce and his mom and Mish's mom are sisters, so him and his mom are moving in with them. Me and Rita have met him before. He's cool. Because Mish is president Rita is gonna sponsor him." Mark and Meg left the house with Gail and went to the clubhouse. 

While they walked, Gail told them about Ron. When they arrived the others were already there. Since they had a prospective new member, all were still dressed. Meg and Mark were introduced to Ron. He was 15 years old and, Meg thought, very good looking. He was bigger than Mark, but that was expected since he was 2 years older. 

Once everyone had gotten to know Rod a bit, Mish called them together. As they had done with Mark and Meg, Mish told Ron if he wanted to join to take his clothes, except for underwear, off. Meg watched intently as his shirt and jeans came off. He now stood in just his underwear and his hard cock was very obvious. Mish then called for the others to show their acceptance of Ron by stripping as he had. Meg was glad she had put on a nice pair of bikini panties as she dropped her top and shorts to the ground. 

Mish acknowledged the "vote" and told everyone to go into the clubhouse, leaving the rest of their clothes outside. Meg remembered the pledge sticks and stayed next to Mark. She trusted him. Once inside, she turned toward the door and saw Ron walk in. His cock and balls weren't really any bigger than Mark's, but he had much more hair and it was dark. It was then she noticed something else. He was circumcised! Meg had never seen that, although she knew about it. It looked strange to her. 

They went through their swearing in customs complete with the pledge sticks. At least Mark had put hers in, Meg thought. In a strange way, it looked sexy seeing Ron with a pledge stick. Once done they all went outside to swim. Meg tried not to look, but couldn't help but continually glance at Ron's manhood. 

Mish approached Meg. "We're gonna examine Ron. Do you want to assist me?" she asked. 

"Sure!" Meg quickly agreed. It would give her reason to look at him. 

Mish called everyone into the clubhouse and announced Ron had agreed to be examined and Meg was going to assist. She then called Meg up. "Meg, bend over the table," Mish told her. 

“Meg had completely forgotten she would have to get a pledge stick inserted by Ron so he would know how and that in addition to her examining him, he would be examining her. She blushed as she leaned down on the table. Mish gave her little talked and then Meg felt the stick go in and then pulled out. She knew Ron would do it next. 

It made her blush even more when Mish pulled her ass cheeks apart and instruct Ron in putting the stick in. Meg held her breath as the stick touched, then slid inside her. What surprised her was Ron putting the stick in excited her as well. 

Finally that part was over and Meg was told to lay on the table. She felt her cheeks flush as she did as she was told. Meg wanted to shut her eyes and pretend this wasn't happening, but looked at Ron's face instead. He was smiling, obviously pleased with her body. It made Meg feel better. She then lowered her gaze. His cock was rock hard and twitching slightly. She was turning him on. 

Meg continued to stare at Ron's cock as his hands roamed over her budding breasts. She blushed, not because he was feeling her, but because her nips were getting hard. Then came that dreaded command - "Open your legs." Meg knew what was expected. She bent her knees and parted her legs wide exposing her sex. 

With no prompting from Mish, Ron's hand went to Meg's pussy. Although embarrassed, she couldn't help smiling at him which embarrassed her even more. She thought he was beautiful and his touch, instead of being sort of clinical, was rather pleasant. He had obviously touched a pussy before as his touch quickly produced a very pleasant feeling in Meg. The others around the table seemed to fade away. 

Meg could feel her wetness as his fingers explored her. Her gaze alternated from his face, which showed his pleasure in her body, to his crotch, where his cock also showed his pleasure in her body. Meg could feel that tingling in her belly. She didn't want to climax, but her body had different ideas. 

It took a lot of effort, but Meg kept her body mostly in check as her explosion erupted. Her eyes squinted shut and her hips did move a bit though. Fortunately her climax was a small one, although she wanted more. Reality rushed back when Mish told her to get up. Her face flushed, both from her climax and her embarrassment as she climbed off the table and stood up. She didn't have to look to know her pussy lips were swollen, red, and shiny from her wetness. 

Ron climbed onto the table. It was now Meg's turn to explore. Mish began talking, but Meg wasn't listening. Her hand went to his cock and wrapped around it. As she slid her hand up his shaft to his cockhead, Ron flinched and Meg immediately snapped her hand away. It was then that Mish explained that boys who had no foreskin also had very sensitive skin on the ends of their cock and rubbing it hurts. Meg kept her hands at her side as Mish continued her "demonstration" of Ron. 

As before, once the exam was over they all went swimming. Meg was embarrassed about what she had done to Ron and swam out to the deeper part of the pond away from the others. She noticed Ron swimming toward her, but there was no place she could go to avoid him. Once he reached her, she blurted, "I'm sorry for hurting you! I didn't know..." 

"It's OK," he interrupted. "It actually felt good, except for that. I didn't want you to stop." As he talked, he moved in close to her and the two ended up standing neck deep in the water facing each other. Close enough that Meg noticed he was still hard. "You know... water is a good lubricant too," he hinted. Meg looked at him with a puzzled expression. "You can feel it here all you want," he smiled. 

Meg debated for a moment. She was attracted to him and wanted to touch him, but was afraid of what he might think. His hand took hers. It surprised her, but she didn't resist as he guided her hand to his cock. Neither spoke, but she began to run her hand up and down his cock. After seeing the girl relaxing, he whispered, "Want more?" 

Meg stopped stroking, but maintained her grip on his cock. She felt his hands go to her ass and pull her closer. "We cant... Not here; in front of everyone..." Meg halfheartedly protested. 

"Put your hands on my shoulders," Ron told her. Almost in a daze, Meg complied. Ron's hands were still on her ass. "Wrap your legs around me," he whispered. Without thinking, Meg did as he asked. His hands on her ass supported her. 

He began to slowly maneuver her, gently lifting her and then lowering her so his cock was rubbing against her slit. She gazed into his eyes. Suddenly she jumped when his cock parted her pussy lips. Meg was incredibly turned on, but the thought of loosing her virginity then was too much for her. "No," she murmured. 

Meg looked at Ron's face and saw his disappointment. It actually matched hers. She thought for a moment before deciding. Her arm dropped. With her hand she reached down and grasped his cock. With a slight blush, she whispered, "There," as she aimed his cock at her ass. She felt him begin to push. "Try not to let the others know," Meg whispered as she felt him enter her. He said nothing, but lowered her onto his cock. 

It hurt, but also felt good. She tried not to let her expression change as he plunged into her as far as he could. "Easy..." she mumbled. Meg lifted her legs almost to chest level to give him better access. His hips began to rock, pushing in his cock and then pulling it back a bit before shoving in again. Her position was awkward. She glanced around him to make sure no one was close before letting herself go. 

It seemed like only seconds before she felt his cock begin to pulsate as it shot cum into her. She pulled him with her legs, mashing her pussy against his belly. Her eyes closed as her climax began. It made her gasp. Meg wasn't sure how long they had been at it, but leaned back and gently floated away from him, pulling his cock from her ass. 

Meg floated in her euphoria until someone bumped her. She immediately stood and blushed. "Ass or pussy?" Mish smiled. 

"Huh?" Meg gasped even though she knew what the question meant. 

"Did he do you in the ass or pussy?" Mish repeated. 

"Butt," Meg mumbled as she turned bright red knowing Mish knew what they were doing. Guilt spread across her face. 

"Don't worry about it," Mish chuckled. "You're not the only one who's done it with him. Once he does your pussy, you, me, and Rita, need to talk. I say he does it better in the pussy, Rita says ass. You'll have to break the tie," Mish winked as she swam away. 


Chapter 8 

Mark had hardly spoken to her all day. Actually since the incident with Ron the day before. He spoke just a few words to her on the way home and nothing more the rest of the evening. He had been out in the barn all morning, came in for lunch, and went back out after, and that was two hours ago. 

After helping her mother around the house, Meg was finally able to go out to the barn. She climbed up to Mark's room and entered. He was sitting against the wall and, when he noticed her, quickly shoved something behind a hay bale. "Are you mad at me?" she asked. 

"Why would I be mad?" he questioned. 

"You've hardly talked to me all day... even last night. Why?" Meg asked again, but in a different way. 

Mark paused for a while before finally asking, "Do you like him?" 

"Oh..." Meg mumbled. After searching for words, added, "I don't know... I guess so. Are you mad because I do?" 

Again Mark said nothing. He stared at the floor, but finally asked, "Is that why you let him do you?" 

"You did Rita and Mish!" Meg blurted defensively and then stopped and thought. "Um... I didn't have sex with him. He wanted to, but I was afraid. I just let him do my butt," she confessed. Again Mark went silent. Meg watched him for a while wondering what was bothering him. Finally she sat down on the floor next to him. "Does it bother you that I want to do stuff?" 

"No," Mark finally answered. "It's just... I don't know... I don't want some guy hurting you." 

“Meg smiled. "Thanks... I like that you protect me. You were there though, so if something happened I know you could help me... and I wanted to do it." 

"Did you want to have sex?" he asked. 

The question made Meg think. "I don't know... I think so. It's scary though. The first time for a girl can hurt. Guys just want to stick it in and do it. They don't want to hear, 'Stop'," she explained. 

"I wouldn't do that," Mark stated. 

"You mean if we tried and it hurt too much, you'd stop and wouldn't be mad and stuff? You'd just stop?" Meg questioned. 

"Of course! I wouldn't want to hurt you," Mark assured. 

Meg looked around. It had been a few days since she had been in the room Mark was building. He had added a curtain of sorts covering the entryway, that was now pulled back, giving more privacy to the room. She also saw an old blanket on a corner. "OK... Wanna do it now?" Meg said as she stood up. 

"Huh? Do what?" Mark questioned. 

"Um... try doing it. If I say stop, you promise you will, right? Can we make kinda a bed with some hay and that blanket?" Meg answered softly. She was nervous... very nervous, but she knew she could trust Mark and they had already played some before. 

Mark couldn't believe what his sister had just said. He knew he wasn't really experienced, but he had already had sex and loved it. His hormones kicked into high gear, but his brain was also still engaged. Almost expecting her to back out, he answered, "Sure. I'll make a bed while you get ready." As soon as the words left his mouth he kicked himself at how dumb that must have sounded. He thought he had ruined everything, but Meg's hands went to her shorts. Mark jumped up and spread some hay on the floor covering it with the blanket as Meg's shorts hit her ankles. 

Meg stepped out of her shorts, leaving them on the floor. Her face flushed from a combination of embarrassment taking her shorts off in front of him and excitement from what was about to happen. Nervousness finally got the best of her. "Are you gonna get ready too?" she mumbled. 

In a flash, Mark's jeans and underpants were at his ankles and he pulled them off his feet. His cock was hard and standing straight up. Somehow she couldn't bring herself to take her panties off though. She walked over to the bed he had made and lay down. It wasn't like a regular mattress, but was more comfortable than the floor would be. 

Mark knelt down beside her. "Are you going to take these off?" he asked as he put his hand on her panties. 

"You can," Meg answered, not having the courage to take them off herself. She lifted her ass as he pulled the waistband down. Surprisingly it made her wet to have her panties pulled down by him. Meg's nervousness remained, but her shyness began to fade. She bent her knees and opened her legs wide, letting him see her pussy. He looked down between her legs, which excited her. 

Meg couldn't believe how horny she was suddenly. Her hand went to her pussy and she began to rub as her eyes fixed on Mark's stiff cock. For a moment he only watched, but then crawled on his knees until he was between her outstretched legs. Meg pulled her hand from her pussy and Mark settled between her legs. She could feel his cock against her pussy. 

He began to move, sliding his cock along her slit. It made her want this even more. Mark tried to aim his cock into her pussy, but kept missing. After a short time, Meg's arm went between them and he lifted slightly to give her room. She grasped his cock and them murmured, "Go easy..." He pushed down and felt himself being enveloped in warmth and wetness. 

He hardly had entered her when he felt her blockage. He pushed gently until he heard her breath hiss through her teeth. He eased back and then tried pushing again, but with the same result. 

Meg felt the pressure build as he pushed into her. It began to hurt and then he backed off, only to push again. She knew what it was. His finger had slipped in at the clubhouse and it had stretched her, hurting some, but she had been too embarrassed to say anything. His cock was bigger than his finger though. "Push harder... and fast," she told him, knowing it was the only solution. His next push came harder, and quicker. His cock suddenly transformed into a knife, cutting into her pussy. "Ouch! Stop!" she yelped. He began to pull out. "No! Don't move... just stay still," she gasped. He froze. Tears formed in her eyes. It hurt. 

Meg wasn't sure how long it had been. She was about to tell him to pull out, but the pain began to subside. "OK, but go easy," she pleaded. Again he pushed and she felt him slowly sinking into her. She was about to tell him to stop again when she felt him begin to press his belly against hers, so she told him to wait instead. Again he stopped moving. Her pussy still hurt, but at the same time felt wonderful as his cock filled her. 

Again the burn in her pussy dulled. "OK," she muttered. Mark slowly began to move in and out again. Meg's pussy was sensitive, but not really hurting now. New sensations were beginning. Almost the same as when she rubbed herself. Gradually Mark's pace began to increase. It made her pussy hurt more, but also made her pleasurable sensations increase as well. The pleasure increased more than the hurt did. Soon Mark was slamming into her and she couldn't help but slam back into him. 

Suddenly he stopped, but pushed hard into her. She felt his cock pulsating and knew he was cumming. Eventually he collapsed on top of her. Meg's pussy was sore, but she didn't care. She had heard how great sex was and now knew they weren't lying. She loved it. Her complaint now was she could feel Mark's cock getting smaller and slipping out of her. 

Eventually he was completely out and sat back on his legs. It made Meg smile to see his cock limp and she knew why. Mark gasped, "Are you OK?" She nodded. "You're bleeding!" he again gasped. 

"It's OK... Don't worry. Girls do bleed their first time. I'm fine. In fact, better than fine," she explained. 

"You sure you're OK? I didn't hurt you?" Mark questioned. 

"It hurt at first, but I'm fine I told you. It only hurts the first time, so next time it won't hurt." 

"But I felt you. You didn't have a hymen," Mark blurted. 

"No... You didn't realize it, no one did, but you never really went inside me. You just kinda slid along the outside. I didn't say anything because I was too embarrassed," Meg confessed. 

Mark pondered what she had said. He could have sworn his finger had gone into her pussy. It then sunk in what else she had said. "Next time???" he blurted. 

Meg only winked. 


Chapter 9 

On a few occasions Meg had walked into Mark's barn room and saw him looking at something, but hid always hid it away as soon as she approached. Mark was doing a chore and was busy. Meg, for a change, was free, so she snuck into the barn. Quickly she climbed up to the room and began to search around. Normally she wouldn't do such a thing, but her curiosity was peaked. 

There still wasn't much in the room, but Meg could see nothing. Thinking back, she realized Mark was always in the same spot when she saw him looking at whatever he had. He was always leaning on the same hay bale. She pushed the bale up and finally saw it - a magazine. 

Meg audibly gasped as she shook the hay from the magazine and realized what it was. For the first time in her life she saw a "men's magazine". On the cover was a naked girl! As surprised as she was, Meg was even more intrigued. After guiltily looking around, she sat down and opened the magazine. Her eyes widened as she looked at the pictures. Meg had heard about these magazines and knew what they were, but that still didn't prepare her - men with huge, stiff cocks; girls "posing" with everything showing; even pictures of men putting their cocks into girls. 

As Meg thumbed through the magazine, the pictures of the cocks mesmerized her. She had already seen 2, her brother and Ron, but neither compared to these ones. She could feel her pussy getting wet. The other thing that surprised her was the girls taking a cock in their mouth. She had heard of doing that, but now she was seeing it. Some of the men were also licking the girls' pussies. 

A sudden noise made her jump. She looked up to see Mark standing their. Both froze and turned bright red, saying nothing for a minute or two. Meg finally blurted, "I'm sorry! I wasn't snooping, really! I have seen you looking at something and wondered what. I found this magazine, so I was looking at it. I'm sorry!" 

Mark was just as shocked as his sister and what she said hadn't sunk in. "Please don't tell mom! It's not mine! I found it by the road and just brought it home. I didn't know what it was until I looked at it then I didn't know what do do with it," he stammered. 

Mark spoke in a soft voice. "You want to look at it? You're not mad because I have it?" 

"No, I'm not mad. Um... Do you jerk off looking at it?" Meg responded. Mark just nodded. "You can do it if you want while we're looking or... um... ah... I could do it for you." She looked at Mark waiting to see what he'd say, but nothing. Meg began to blush even more. "Sorry..." she muttered. 

"No, it's OK. I guess you can look if you really want to," Mark finally replied, ignoring her offer because he didn't know how to reply. 

“"Want me to do you too?" repeated Meg. She wanted to, but was afraid of looking to forward. 

"Um... OK. Can we look at it naked? I'll kinda have to take my pants off anyway..." Mark stuttered. 

"I guess," Meg sighed. "I don't have the body these girls do, but you can look if you want," she sighed again as she lifted her top. 

"I like your body," Mark smiled as he unbuttoned his pants. "Those girls are all made up and airbrushed and stuff. You're real." 

The compliment made Meg smile. She lifted her ass and pushed her shorts to her ankles. "Can you put the blanket out? The hay is itchy on my bum," she giggled. 

Mark, now pantless, quickly grabbed the blanket and spread it on the floor next to Meg. "Move," he chuckled as he put the blanket where she had been sitting. "No panties?" he noticed. 

"Nope," Meg grinned. She sat back down, only this time she bent her knees and opened her legs. It excited her to have Mark see her pussy. Mark, with his usual hardon, sat down next to her and opened the magazine. 

For a while the two just looked at the magazine. Meg tried to notice what pages Mark would hesitate on. When they got to a page with a man licking a girl's pussy, Meg muttered, "Would you lick a girl down there?" 

"I don't know... probably," he answered. "Would you suck a guy?" 

Meg pondered for a moment. "Maybe... I've never really thought about it. Wanna try? If you lick me, I'll lick you." 

Mark turned the page to a full page picture of a couple in the "69" position. "Like this?" 

Meg looked at the picture. "OK," she agreed. Mark scooted down flat. Meg, not really sure what she was doing, straddled him. Mark slid down a bit to get into position. Meg could feel his breath on her pussy as she stared at the cock just below her nose. 

Suddenly his tongue slid along her slit, producing sensations like she had never felt before. Looking at the pictures of the men had turned her on and Meg knew what Mark was doing would push her over the edge quickly. Without realizing it, she mashed her pussy down. 

With the sudden influx of new sensations, Meg had completely forgotten about Mark until he lifted his hips and bumped his cock into her face. The last thing she wanted was for him to stop, so she knew she had to complete her end of the agreement or he would. Meg tentatively grasped the dick in front of her face. She was nervous, but positioned it, opened her mouth, and lowered her head. 

It wasn't that bad. A little salty tasting, but not what she had expected, although she had no idea what to expect really. Mark must have liked what she was doing as his licking seemed to intensify. Slowly, at first, Meg began to move her head back and forth, sliding her mouth along his stiff member. 

Meg felt that familiar tingling beginning deep inside her. It seemed like only moments before she erupted. Something else happened. Meg felt her mouth filling. Mark was also cumming. Meg had tasted cum before, but not this much. Not sure what to do, she swallowed, only to have him fill her mouth again. 

After what seemed to be an eternity, Mark stopped cumming and relaxed. Meg let his shrinking dick slip out of her mouth. 


Chapter 10 

Meg walked into Mark's room. "Um... The girls from the club met today... We kinda decided something. Mish is talking to Ron and because you're my brother they said for me to talk to you..." then Meg paused. 

"About what?" Mark asked. 

"Well... Um... We want to have sex. Some already have, but we all want to do it. If it's OK with you and Ron, we kinda want to do it at the clubhouse, like a random drawing. We pick two girls and you and Ron do them. Um... the rest of us get to watch..." Again Meg paused, but Mark said nothing. "I know you've done it with Mish and Rita. Would you do it with another if someone else was chosen?" Meg added. 

Mark thought for a moment. Doing one of the girls was an easy decision, but doing one in front of everyone was different. All of them had already seen him naked anyway though, so he nodded his head. "OK," Meg smiled. "We'll do it tomorrow." 

The next day Meg and Mark walked to the clubhouse. They chatted a bit, but most of the time walked in silence. Both were thinking about what was going to happen, but neither knew how to approach the subject or what to say. 

Mish waved as they approached the clubhouse? "Hi! You guys ready for the big day?" Mish shouted. 

"Yeah," Meg and Mark answered almost in unison. Although both were nervous, neither wanted it to show. 

"That was good timing," Mish laughed. Meg looked behind her and saw Gail, Rita, and Sue following them. They all chatted for a few minutes, all still dressed, until Mish announced, "OK, everyone's here. Let's go inside, but don't forget the rules." 

With that, Mish and Ron stripped down, leaving their clothes in two piles at the door, and walked in. The others were slower undressing as all were quite nervous, but none would admit it. Mark and Meg were the next ones. Finally Gail, Rita, and Sue walked in. With all there, Mish announced the rules. "OK everyone, the girls are going to draw cards. The high card picks the boy first, but also goes first. The next highest goes second. There's two boys and five girls. You all know I've already done it, so I'm not going to pick. The two girls who aren't picked today will do it next time we meet. It case of a tie, those two girls will draw again to break the tie, OK?" 

All nodded. Mish reached down the deck of cards, shuffled them, then spread them out on the table. "OK girls, pick a card, but don't look at it. Leave it face down in front of you until I say," Mish instructed. The girls each chose a card and slid it in front of her. 

"Now to see who wins," Mish grinned. "Rita, you first." Rita flipped her card over - an 8. "Gail?" - a 7. "Meg?" Meg nervously turned her card over and gasped. She drew a king! "I guess we know who one girl will be," Mish chuckled. "Sue, your turn." Sue revealed her card, a 10. 

Meg was in a quandary. She wanted to pick Mark because she trusted him, but wondered what the others would think if she chose her brother. "I guess there isn't much choice. Meg will do Ron first and then Sue will do Mark," Mish announced. Meg sighed. She didn't mind having Ron, but felt the choice was made for her. 

"Let's clear the floor. Push the table over. I have an air mattress we can use," Mish instructed. Quickly the task was accomplished. Without instruction, the group formed a circle around the air mattress. "Meg?" 

Meg knew what was expected. Nervously she knelt down on the mattress. Slowly she reclined and waited for Ron. Everyone was watching and Meg felt both embarrassment and a sense of pride. Ron parted her legs and knelt between them. Meg thought he would just enter her, but instead he began to play with her nips, Quickly they hardened like a pencil eraser. She felt coolness on her pussy as she became wetter. 

Ron leaned down and stretched out his legs. Meg could feel his hard member and he began to rub it along her pussy. Her now very wetness made him slide easily. After a few moments, she felt her pussy lips part. Being still tight, she winced as he plunged into her. "Are you OK?" he whispered in her ear. Meg nodded, not wanting to let on how much it hurt. 

Ron began pumping in and out of her. At first it hurt, but the hurt eased quickly as she became accustomed to him being inside her. The others around them slowly faded from Meg's mind. Her hips began to move in rhythm with his. Soon her hips lifted her ass completely off the ground only to be pounded back down as his cock slammed into her. 

"I'm gonna cum!" Ron gasped. He shoved into Meg hard and then froze. She could feel his cock pulsate as he pumped his cum into her. He began to slam into her again, hard. Suddenly he collapsed on top of her. 

"Wow!" he sighed as his arms took his weight off of her. All too soon he pulled out of her and backed away. She could feel his cum oozing out of her pussy. Not sure what else to do, she sat up and crawled to the circle that had formed around her. 

"You're up, Sue," Mish grinned. Sue took her position where Meg had been, but kept her legs closed. Mark, not really sure what to do, knelt beside her and began rubbing her chest. It surprised him a bit to feel her two small mounds. He hadn't really looked at her boobs and sort of assumed she had nothing. 

After a few minutes, his rubbing had a noticeable affect on her. Although small, her nips were like little pebbles. Sue reached up, wrapped her arms around Mark's neck, and pulled him down. She whispered in his ear, "I've never done this before. Go easy, OK?" As she whispered, her legs parted. 

Mark moved over between Sue's parted legs. Slowly he leaned down until he was prone to her naked body. His cock was wedged between her legs. He began to move, rubbing his cock against her. "Ready?" he whispered. Sue nodded. "Aim me," he replied. 

Mark lifted as Sue's arm snaked between them. She grasped his cock, positioned it, and whispered, "OK, but go easy." Mark gently pushed in until Sue gasped, then backed off. Once again he pushed, but with the same results. "Go fast. It hurts when you just push. Maybe it will feel better after you're in," Sue whispered. 

Mark eased back and then jabbed forward, plunging his cock into her. "Ouch!" Sue blurted. Tears filled her eyes and she buried her face in Mark's neck. "Wait!" she whispered as she clung to his neck. "It hurts!" 

"Want me stop?" Mark answered. 

Sue did want him to stop, but all the other girls were going to do it too. She didn't want to be the only one to say no. "No, just go easy." Mark again began to move, driving his knife into her pussy. 

The pain started to subside, but Mark's pace was increasing too, so it still hurt. Suddenly Mark groaned and Sue became much wetter and the hurt all but left. He stayed still for a few moments and then whispered, "You OK?" 

Sue smiled and nodded. Mark stood up on his knees, pulling his cock from her pussy. She felt the cum seep out and down her ass crack. Sue looked around at the others, but kept her legs open. She had done it. A boy's cum was coming out of her. She smiled even more as she saw the others smiling as well. 
