Jane Grows Up
by Story Guy

JANE GROWS UP – 1

Jane walked home from school in her usual depressed state. She was now in the seventh grade and had the same raging hormones as any other girl her age but unfortunately her body hadn't kept up with her expectations. Being almost fourteen, her hips had flared and she was blessed with what was referred to as a cute bubble butt but her chest was still flat. Her nipples had grown but the accompanying swelling not grown to her satisfaction. Her small mounds were nothing compared to what she thought most of the other girls had. In her eyes, she had the body of a fourth grader instead of a junior high girl. She had talked to her mother about getting something to help her grow more but her mother had just told her not to worry, she would grow soon enough. She then asked about getting some thong panties because "all the girls had them" but that too was rejected. Her mother did, however, agree to get her some bikini panties and throw out her "little girl" cotton briefs. She also had bras now too although she wasn't big enough even to get an A cup. That helped her situation some. At least she didn't have to dress like a little girl although most of her clothes still came from the girl's department.

She had thought about getting some bigger bras and stuffing them with tissues until she had grown enough to fill them herself - at least she would look like she had something - until that incident last month. One of her classmates, who Jane thought must have had at least a B cup, had been jumped by a group of older girls. The seventh grader was wearing bib overalls and a button down shirt. They had grabbed her from behind and immediately blindfolded her and gagged her. Once they had finished, some of the girls held her arms while others unhooked her overalls and took off her shirt. During the struggle, the poor girl's overalls had fallen to her ankles so she was standing in just her panties, which were cotton briefs, and bra. As the crowd of onlookers, which was both girls and boys, watched, the attackers took off her bra! Jane was horrified but surprised to see that the girl had nothing except tissues in her bra. She was as flat as Jane was. The whole crowd laughed as the tissues were pulled out of the bra and dropped to the ground.  Once the bra was empty, they tied it around the girl's arms. She was then told that if she promised not to say anything, that she would be let go. As the girl nodded in agreement, everyone ran away leaving the girl to free herself. The girl had evidently kept her promise as nothing was ever done to her attackers but now everyone called the girl "Tissue." Jane decided after the attack that is was better to be flat than have that happen to her.

As Jane walked into the house, she saw a note from her mother saying that she had gone out shopping and would be home in about an hour. She threw the note aside and walked into her room tossing her books onto her bed. The day was warm so she took off her long pants that she had worn to school. She walked to her bureau and took out a pair of shorts which she put on. When she turned to walk back to her bed, she saw her brother's head in the window. She was mortified. He had watched her change! She was furious as she put her sneakers back on and rushed out to find him. Her brother, one year her senior, was going to get it. She ran to the yard and saw the box below her window that he had stood on but her was nowhere in sight. She looked all around the house but could not find him.  As she looked, she replayed the incident in her mind. She was still angry but part of her was also a little flattered. Even though he was her brother, he was still a boy and he wanted to see her body. She thought she would die if a boy ever saw her naked but it was kind of exciting that a boy actually wanted to see her. Not finding him anywhere, Jane went back into the house.

When she entered she heard a noise in the cellar. She quietly went down and saw her brother looking out one of the cellar windows. "You were spying on me!" she yelled.

He turned around with shock on his face. "No, I wasn't." he countered.

"I saw you and the box you were standing on is still there! I'm telling Mom." she screamed.

"No! Please don't tell." he begged, "I'm sorry I looked at you. I was just curious. I promise I'll never do it again."

Jane thought for a moment and then, in a calmer voice, stated, "OK, under one condition..."

"What? I'll do anything you want. Just don't tell." he interrupted.

"You saw me, now you have to show me you." Jane stipulated.

"What?" he exclaimed.

"I won't tell if you take your pants down and show me yours right now."

"No way!" he protested, "I didn't even see anything! Its not fair!"

"OK..." said Jane as she turned to walk back up the stairs.

"Wait!" he yelled in a panicked voice, "All I saw was your underwear. I'll show you mine, OK?" He knew that he would be in big trouble if she said anything. He had to stop her somehow.

"Nope." she answered confidently. She knew that she had him over a barrel. She wasn't really interested in seeing her brother but he was a boy and seeing a boy naked excited her.

"All right." he resigned, "But you gotta promise that you'll never tell anyone."

"If you promise never to spy on me again." she countered.

"OK" he muttered as he started to undo his belt. She approached him stopping about five feet away as he let his jeans drop to his ankles. He lowered his head and hesitated for a moment before he hooked his thumbs in his underwear and lowered them to his thighs.

"Lower." Jane requested. He shuffled some then pushed them down to his knees. "Pull up your shirt so I can see." she demanded. He blushed profusely as he pulled his shirt up completely exposing himself to the girl. Jane stared at the limp cock and balls. They were surrounded by a fairly thick growth of hair. Jane was surprised at its size. She had only seen babies and they were a lot smaller than what was now before her. The girls at school had talked many times about boys. Some had seen and even touched their boyfriends but Jane had no idea what to expect. She was thinking about touching it when her brother abruptly pulled his pants back up.

"OK. I did what you wanted. You promised not to say anything to anybody, right." her brother clarified.

"I promise." answered Jane as she started up the stairs, "Don't forget your promise either."

She walked into her room shutting the door behind her. Lying in her bed, she thought about what she had just seen. She was now among the few girls that she knew who had actually seen a boy. She wondered what it would be like to have a cock and balls between her legs. When she had her period, she had to have a pad between her legs and she could feel that and that was a lot smaller than what her brother had between his legs. She got up and went to the window closing the shade. She then went to the closed and got a tennis ball. She removed her shorts and stuffed the tennis ball into her panties between her legs and looked at herself in the mirror. She turned to one side and then the other looking at her reflection the whole time. She walked around a little. She could feel the ball rubbing between her legs. She sat on her bed and the ball moved up. She reached into her panties, spread her legs, and pushed the ball back down. She wondered what it would be like to always have something between her legs. She stood up, rearranged the ball again, and walked around a little more. She could feel the ball rubbing against her. "No wonder boy's are always so horny..." she thought to herself as the ball continued to rub further stimulating her. She laid back down on her bed and reached into her panties to remove the ball. Dropping the ball down next to her, she pushed her hand back into her panties and started to rub "that special spot."  As she rubbed, she thought about the cock that she had seen and imagined that her finger was the cock pushing into her pussy. Her ensuing orgasm was the most intense one she ever had. Her hips thrust up lifting her ass completely off the bed. Her finger plunged in and out of her virgin cunt.

After what seemed like hours, her eruption finally subsided. She pulled her hand from her panties and closed her eyes. Her thoughts returned to her brother. He had been so embarrassed when he had to expose himself to her. She felt sorry for him in a way but it was his fault. He had been the one spying. She wondered what he thought when he saw her in just her panties. Did it excite him like he had excited her when she saw him? Did he jerk off thinking about her? The thought of a boy jerking off thinking about her disgusted her but, in a way, it was kind of exciting too. It made her feel sexy, something that she had never felt before. She dozed off.

Jane was awakened by her brother. He barged in announcing that supper was ready. He stood in the doorway with his mouth hanging open as he saw his sister laying on her bed with only her panties and top on.

"Don't you ever knock?" she blurted? This was the second time in one day that he had seen her in her panties.

He had turned beet red. "Ah, err, um, sorry..." he mumbled.

The look on his face made her smile. "Just get out and knock next time!"

As he closed the door, she chuckled to herself. As embarrassing as it was to be caught dressed like she had been, her brother's reaction had been funny. It seemed to bother him  more than it bothered her. The first time had been intentional but she knew that this time had been an accident. Accident or not, though, he'd better not do it again.


JANE GROWS UP – 2

Over the next few weeks, Jane had replayed the incidents of having her brother seeing her in her panties many times. Although she was somewhat angered and embarrassed by the incidents, she also found that she was strangely excited. Being almost nude in front of a boy, even though it was her brother, made her feel sexy. She had even begun to fantasize about being completely naked with a boy watching her when she masturbated.

One Friday night, her parents were going out and she and her brother were going to stay home alone. Her brother had gone into the bathroom to take a shower and she was just sitting on the couch watching TV. Not much was on and her mind started to wander. She again started to think about her new fantasy of being naked in front of a boy. Now was her chance she thought.

She went into her room and put on a too small short nightgown with the matching panties. It had once extended to her upper thighs but now the hem was about to her mid ass. She looked in the mirror. Her panty covered pussy was plainly visible beneath the hem of the nightgown. Satisfied with the look, she walked to the bathroom door. She could feel her heart pounding. She took a deep breath and knocked. "Can I come in? I have to go to the bathroom."

"I'm in the shower. I'll be out in a while." her brother yelled.

"I can't wait." she pleaded, "Just close the shower door."

"OK" her brother answered after what seemed like forever.

Her heart raced as she opened the door and walked in. Even though the shower door was opaque and she could still see his figure but all details were blurred. She knew that her brother was in there naked. She could also tell from his blurry outline that he was facing her. She closed the door and stood for a moment trying to relax and slow her breathing. She lifted the toilet seat but instead of turning to sit on it, she remained facing the shower door. Neither had spoken and the only noise was the shower running. She lifted the short nightgown and in one quick motion pushed her panties to her knees. She stood up and looked at the outline behind the door. Her brother had not moved and even though she knew that he could not see any more than she could, she knew that he was looking at her. Her face flushed but not from embarrassment this time. She was more excited than she had ever been before. Remembering the excuse that she had used to gain access to the bathroom, she turned and sat on the toilet. As she sat, her eyes remained glued to the motionless profile of her brother behind the shower door. She knew that she was too excited to pee so she sat for a moment, then rose. She faced away from her brother "exposing" her bare ass to him. Part of her wanted to open the door separating them but she knew that she didn't have the courage to do that. Instead she pulled up her panties and flushed the toilet. "Thanks!" she yelled as she exited the bathroom.

She quickly went back into the TV room and flopped down on the couch. As soon as she was seated, she plunged her hand into her panties. She had never been so turned on and desperately needed relief. No sooner had she started to rub herself than she heard the shower being shut off. Her brother would soon be coming out and there was no way she wanted to be caught with her hands in her pants. She then had another thought. She threw a pillow on the floor and then laid on her stomach on the floor and wrapped her arms around the pillow. Looking over her shoulder, she saw the look that she wanted. The hem of her short nightgown rose up to nearly her waist. Her panty covered ass was completely exposed. The last thing that she wanted was for her brother to realize that she was intentionally showing off for him. In this position, she thought that she looked natural and that he would think that her exposed ass was just because of her naivety. She spread her legs a little so that her brother would be able to see her crotch too and waited for him to come in.

After what seemed like hours, her brother came into the room and she heard him sit on the couch. She didn't know where exactly he had sat down but she imagined his stare burning a hole right through the crotch of her panties. Her eyes were on the TV but not her mind. She had to fight the urge to spread her legs even more to give her brother a better view. She was afraid that if she moved, he would realize her real intentions. Finally she could take no more. She had to know where he was. She looked over her shoulder and said, "Thanks again for letting me use the bathroom." There her brother was. He had sat directly behind her. No doubt he had a great view. He had put on sweats and she could see the tent in his crotch. He was turned on by her exposure! She couldn't believe it. She had actually turned on a boy with her body. Even though it was only her brother, he was still a boy.

"No problem." he answered smiling back at her, "Any time."

She just looked at him for a moment. She knew what she wanted but didn't know how to say it. In desperation, she blurted, "Can I ask you something?"

"Sure, what?" he answered not knowing what was on her mind.

"Do you think I have a nice ass?" she mumbled shyly.

"Ah, er, um," he stumbled and then hesitated. The question had taken him completely by surprise. He finally composed himself some and decided to challenge her to see what would happen. "I can't really tell. I've never seen it."

That stopped her right in her tracks. Both understood what he had just said. She thought about it for a moment. Although she had "exposed" herself to him only a short while ago in the bathroom, she knew that he really couldn't see her. If she did it again now, there would be no question as to what he could or couldn't see - he would see everything. She stared at him almost looking for a hint as to what she should do. He just stared back with no hint at all as to what he was thinking. She thought of the excitement that she had felt in the bathroom and made her decision. Hooking her thumbs into her panties, she pushed them down just below her ass cheeks. "Well?" she asked smiling at him.

"Nice." he commented.

She held her panties down for a moment reveling in the excitement of him looking at her bare ass. She felt the same rush that she had felt in the bathroom but this time it was even more intense. She could see her brother's smile as he gazed upon her lustfully. She never dreamed that having a boy see her nakedness would feel as good as it did. She slowly pulled her panties back up. She really wanted to leave them down but she thought that it would be much too obvious. She wanted her brother to think that she was just giving him a thrill. She thought she'd die if he ever knew that she was getting a thrill by showing herself to him. He'd probably think that she was some kind of "sicko" or something.

"Thanks!" she exclaimed as she rolled over and sat up. "I'm going to bed now." she said as she stood and left the room. She just couldn't take anymore and needed some relief now! Almost running, she went into her bedroom, shut the door, and laid on her bed. As soon as she hit the bed, she snaked her hand into her panties and started rubbing herself vigorously. In no time her orgasm hit and she was squirming on her bed. Not only was she horny but she was also thrilled that her "unsatisfactory" body had actually turned a boy on. As her orgasm subsided, she relaxed. The evenings excitement had taken its toll. With much effort, she got under her blankets and was soon asleep.

The next morning when she got up, her mother handed her an envelope. She said that it had come yesterday and that it was addressed to both her and her brother. Since he was not up yet, Jane opened it and found an invitation to a Halloween party given by her friend and her friend's brother. They were the same age as Jane and her brother. Jane had had a little crush on the brother for a few months now but nothing had developed yet. Maybe now? They had given a party last year too but Jane had not been able to go. Her mother had thought that she was too young. After a short discussion, it was decided that this year Jane could go if her brother was going too. She didn't really like the stipulation about her brother but knew better than to argue the point with her mother. At least this year she could go. She just needed to convince her brother.


JANE GROWS UP - 3

Jane was excited about the Halloween party. She finished her breakfast and her brother was still not up. Her mother told her that she going shopping but Jane elected to stay home. When she left, Jane's brother was still not up and Jane could wait no longer. She knocked on her brother's door and heard a groggy "Huh?" "Can I come in? I gotta talk to ya." she answered excitedly.

"Uh-huh" was the sleepy return.

"We just got an invitation to Mike and Jill's Halloween party. Mom said I could go this year if you went. Will you go? Please?"

Ken rubbed his eyes trying to wake up. "I don't know..." He paused for a while getting the cobwebs from his brain. "Their party is kinda dumb. You gotta wear a costume."

"Oh, please?" Jane begged, "Mom is finally letting me go out. You gotta go."

"I don't know..." Ken repeated.

"It'll be fun!" Jane interrupted, "It's better than sitting in this stupid house all the time."

"I won't be home anyway." Ken corrected, "I was thinking of hanging out with one of my friends. Why would I want to dress up in some queer costume anyway?"

"Oh come on. If you don't go, I can't. Please?" Jane pleaded.

"I'm supposed to go just so you can? Why should I? What's in it for me?" questioned Ken.

"Fine!" snapped Jane, "What do you want me to do?"

Ken pondered for a while. He then remembered the incident a few weeks ago and thought that this might be his opportunity for pay back. "Do you remember the price I had to pay when I wanted something from you a few weeks ago?"

"What are you talking about? You never asked me for anything. I don't know what you mean." she answered.

"What did I have to do when you thought that I spied on you?" Ken returned. He didn't want to admit that he had really been spying on her.

"What? Are you crazy? Get real!" Jane yelled.

"You started it. Oh, well, enjoy the night... home... alone." Ken countered.

Jane glared at her brother. She knew what he wanted her to do. What angered her was that she was being forced. She had thought many times about being seen nude and had even showed her brother her bare ass but that was her idea. She then thought about the party. She had a little crush on Mike but more importantly, she was tired of having to stay home like a little child. This was her chance to get out and party with her friends. She had to get her brother to go and if this was the price... "You promise to go?" she questioned. "You gotta let me do what I want and not say anything. You gotta do it too." she added.

"I could care less what you do and I don't have to do anything. You're the one that wants to go." he said with a smile.

She thought for a moment. She had lost her bargaining power and knew that her brother was in control. "You will go, right?"

"As long as you hold your end of the bargain." her brother answered still smiling.

Jane looked at her brother. She was about to fulfill one of her fantasies about being seen nude but this was not the way she had imagined. Slowly she pulled on the tie of her robe, letting it fall open. She shrugged her shoulders and the robe fell to the floor. So far she had revealed nothing that he hadn't seen many times before but only a small garment separated new territory from her present state. Looking at her brother, she saw his lustful grin that had been on his face for a while now but nothing further could be noticed. She took a deep breath.

Ken watched his sister. He had been curious about what she, or any other girl for that matter, looked like. He was about to find out. Her robe fell and he could now see her panties. They were the matching kind that came with short nightgowns but would normally be mostly hidden but this nightgown was much too short. From his reclined position, he could almost see up to her belly button. He knew that he was going to get a great view. His cock was so hard that it almost hurt.

Jane's gaze went from her brother's face to the floor. Normally she would have been excited exposing herself but under the circumstances, it was tainted by embarrassment. Her hands slowly rose up her hips to the waistband of her panties. She took another deep breath. Rallying all of her courage, she hooked her thumbs around the elastic at the waist and pushed down.

As Ken watched, his sister reached up and pushed her panties down bending as they went to her knees. Slowly she stood revealing her womanhood. Ken's jaw dropped as he gazed on the first bare pussy that he had ever seen. His hand moved to his cock and as he touched the hard rod, his load shot. "You've got hair." he blurted almost unconsciously. As the words exited his mouth he realized what a dumb statement he had just made. He would have been embarrassed but his orgasm took over his brain and drove out every other emotion.

Ken's statement almost made Jane laugh. What had he expected? She wasn't a little girl anymore. A smile came over her face. The silly comment had erased the embarrassment. "OK?" she asked.

The words that his sister said brought Ken back to reality. It took a while for the statement to sink in though. He was suddenly aware of the wet, stickiness in his pants. "Ah, er, um..." he stammered, "When's the party?"

She pulled her panties up and then gave him the invitation. "Here's the invite." She turned and walked out the door.

She entered her room and laid down on her bed, thinking about what had just happened. She didn't realize that her brother had climaxed and she wondered what he thought of her. Did she turn him on? Did he think she was sexy? After all, she wasn't just a little girl showing off, she was a woman to be desired she thought. Her pondering started to cause a tingling feeling between her legs. She pushed her hand into her panties and began rubbing. Quickly her manipulations had their desired effect and orgasm overcame her.

As her body settled, she started to think of a costume she could wear. She wanted something a little revealing but it would have to be something that her mother would let her wear too. She decided to go as a pixie. She could wear a pair of white tights and a long sleeve jersey; maybe with no bra. She knew that the tight fitting clothes would show off her body. She would leave the house with a sweatshirt on knowing that her mother would never approve of a jersey alone but she could easily remove that when she got to the party.

Hearing her mother return, Jane dressed and went out to talk to her about the costume ideas. She said nothing about the braless idea knowing full well that her mother would never let her go like that. She described the pixie costume as a sweatshirt over a pair of tights. Her mother had a negative reaction to the tights alone because "It would not be very proper." She insisted on a skirt with the outfit. Jane couldn't believe that her mother wanted her to wear a skirt. Everyone knew that pixies didn't wear skirts! After a short dissuasion, Jane agreed to modify her costume to include her pink miniskirt, the only mini she owned, and it was settled. She knew that Pixies also never wore anything but white but the skirt could be removed just as easily as the sweatshirt. She would have the costume that she wanted.


JANE GROWS UP - 4

The day of the party finally came and Jane was in her room putting on her costume. She stripped down to her panties and then put on the long sleeve jersey top. Looking into her mirror, she admired how it clung almost like a second skin. Even though she thought her tits were too small, she thought that the top made them look a little bit bigger because they were so well defined. She knew that her mother would not think so but she thought that her eraser sized nipples poking out looked sexy.

Satisfied with the top, she took the white tights out of her drawer and slipped them on. She had already put on the skimpiest bikini panties that she owned. She looked into the mirror again. "Something's wrong." she thought. The indentations from the elastic in her panties caused what she perceived as deep valleys in her otherwise smooth look. Feeling a little daring, she took the tights off and then removed her panties. Putting the tights on again, she liked her look better now. No more "dents", just smooth lines. She wasn't revealing anymore than when she had on panties. Who would know? Besides, it made her feel even more sexy knowing that she wasn't wearing panties. After admiring how great she thought that she looked, she pulled the sweatshirt and skirt on. Checking in the mirror again, she tried to visualize what her mother would thing. To her, it was a little on the prudish side so her mother would no doubt approve. She put on a mask and went downstairs for her "inspection."

Her mother was in the master bedroom getting ready to go out. Jane knocked on the door and went in at her mother's request. Her mother approved of her costume and even told her that she looked cute. Cute wasn't what Jane wanted. She wanted sexy but thanked her mother anyway. She knew that her mother would probably have a heart attack if she knew what her costume really was. Jane was told that her parents would not be home until late but that her mother would call the house at 10 o'clock, her curfew, to make sure that she was home. Jane's brother was also expected to be home at the same time because "it wasn't safe for a young girl to walk the streets alone at that hour of the night." Jane held her tongue and didn't say anything about that statement. She resented the fact that her mother was still treating her like a little girl but didn't want to risk her mother's wrath.

Her brother finally came down wearing what he called a costume. He had on an old, ratty shirt and jeans with holes in them and a mask. He was supposed to be a hobo but Jane thought he looked dumb. She thought of ribbing him about his costume but changed her mind; at least he was going. Grabbing their jackets, the two left to walk to the party.

As they walked, Jane made sure that their agreement was still in effect. "You promised to let me do what I wanted, right?"

"That's what I said. Why?" Ken answered.

"Well, you saw my costume, right?" Jane continued.

"Yup." he moaned, "What are you getting at?"

"Um, I'm going to make a few changes when I get there..." mumbled Jane.

"Changes?" questioned Ken.

"Ya, the shirt and sweatshirt are going." explained Jane, "I only wore them so Mom would let me go. You won't say anything will ya?"

"Why should I? I could care less what your wearing." Ken answered.

"I wasn't going to tell ya but just so you won't freak out on me, there's something else..."
Jane cautioned.

"Well? What!" blurted Ken.

"I'm not wearing any underwear either." Jane whispered.

"What? No underwear?" Ken exclaimed.

"Its no big deal! You can't see anything! I'm still covered." interrupted Jane, "I was going to wear them but they showed. No one will know."

"I told you I don't care what you wear. I'm just amazed that 'Miss Goody Two Shoes' isn't wearing underwear,. That's all." chuckled Ken.

"Very funny!" snapped Jane. His comment angered her. She was mad that everyone seemed to think of her as a little girl. "Bet if I wasn't his sister he wouldn't be laughing." she thought.

They arrived at the party with no further conversation. "See you at quarter of 10. Don't bother me until then!" was Jane's parting comment as the two went there separate ways. Jane didn't even take her coat off but sought out Jill and asked to use her room to adjust her costume. Jill led her to her bedroom where Jane removed her coat, sweatshirt, and skirt.

"Wow!" Jill exclaimed when Jane finished.

"What do ya think? Sexy or what." Jane asked.

"I guess!" said Jill emphatically, "Let's join the party. I can't wait for my brother to see you. He'll freak!"

The pair scurried down to the cellar to where the party was. The cellar was finished off with a large room and a smaller TV room. The large room had a snack table set up at one end with a stereo blasting and the other end was clear. A few couples were dancing there. The TV room was dark and didn't look like it was being used.

"Hey Mike!" Jill yelled, "Check out Jane!"

Mike approached his sister and Jane. "Wow!" Mike exclaimed, "You really look sexy!"

Even though that was just how Jane hoped that she looked, she blushed anyway at the compliment. "Thanks." she murmured, "You don't look too bad yourself." Jane didn't care what Mike was wearing, she always thought he looked sexy. She was thankful, however, that he had finally noticed her.

"You wanna dance?" he asked.

"OK" Jane answered. She had all she could do not to yell "Yes!" in her excitement. The two spent the next hour dancing and talking. She especially liked it when someone played a slow song so she could hold Mike close to her. She would bury her head in his shoulder and listen to his heart beat.

Another slow song started and the couple were again dancing. Mike's hands were around her waist and as the song progressed, his hands lowered until they were right on her ass. She was excited by his touch and nuzzled in closer to him. She knew that she was supposed to move his hands to her waist again but they felt good on her ass so she left them there. She even thought that his heart was beating a little faster. As the song ended, he looked at her and said, "Let's sit down for a while."

"OK." she answered and started for the chairs that were against the wall.

Taking her hand, he whispered, "This way." as he led her into the darkened TV room. Going through the door, she noticed that there were already a few couples in there necking. He led her to an overstuffed chair in the corner and sat down, pulling her to his lap. She willingly sat and the two started kissing.

Jane was in heaven. After trying for many months to get Mike to even notice her, she was now making out with him. As they kissed, she could feel his hands roaming up and down her back and then one started to move toward her front. She tensed a little and instinct told her to stop him but his touch felt so good to her that she didn't. His hand moved to her stomach and then he started to gently rub again. She relaxed after a while and then his hand started to move up. Part of her wanted to grab his hand and stop him but she thought that would be childish so she allowed his hand to move freely. As she expected, he went right for her tit and started gently messaging it. She wanted to scream is felt so good! Leaning into Mike's ear, she softly whispered, "Sorry I don't have much."

"I wouldn't change you even if I could." he whispered back.

Jane blushed. She knew he was lying but it sounded nice none the less. She started to get those familiar tingling feelings between her legs but this time they were stronger than they had ever been in the past. Suddenly his hand started to go back down to her stomach. She wanted to grab it and put it back on her breast but was afraid to try. Sure enough, his hand was once again on her stomach but this time he pushed up her jersey a little and his hand was touching her skin. That alone was putting her brain into overload but his hand didn't stop on her stomach. He slowly moved up until he was caressing her bare boob. A moan escaped her lips between kisses. She was more turned on than she had ever been in her life! She could feel her small nipples harden like little pebbles. Her breathing became ragged. Mike then took his other hand and pulled one of her hands away from his neck. Taking the back of that hand, he guided it between his legs. She could feel his rock hard cock.

Suddenly she started to panic. What was she supposed to do? She had never touched a boy there and had no idea how to do anything. What now? A tap on her shoulder made her jump. It was her brother!

"We gotta get going." he whispered.

Jane panicked. Her brother had no doubt seen Mike's hand under her jersey and he knew that she wasn't wearing anything underneath it. Part of her was grateful because he had "saved" her from a potential embarrassing situation due to her naivety but would he be mad at her for what she was doing? More importantly would he tell on her? She quickly stood as Mike pulled his hand from her breast. "Ah, err, um, I gotta get my things from Jill's room." she stammered and then ran out of the room.

She threw on her sweatshirt and skirt and snatched her coat as she made her way to the door. Her brother was already there as was Mike and Jill. She looked at Mike almost expecting to see evidence of being hit by her brother but saw nothing. Mike approached her and, kissing her, said "See ya later?" Jane glanced at her brother to see his reaction. To her surprise, he leaned into Jill and kissed her! She looked back at Mike and, returning his kiss, answered, "I hope so." Her brother had also said something but she didn't know what and then the two siblings left.


JANE GROWS UP – 5

As the two walked home, Jane glanced at her brother and noticed the tell tale bulge in his pants. She new that he was sporting an erection. After her experience at the party, she wanted to know more about erections and decided to ask her brother. She wasn't really interested in him but he was a boy and obviously had erections. "It doesn't mater if he thinks I'm dumb or not," she thought to herself. She tried to think of what words she could use to broach the subject. Not being able to think of a clever way to ask her question, she just started by stating, "Can I ask you something?"

"If its about you being felt up, don't worry about it. If you want to be felt up, its up to you,"he answered. "...and if your worried about me saying anything to Mom or Dad, I won't."

That wasn't what she wanted to talk about but she was somewhat relieved by his proclamation of silence. Still, though, she wanted to bring up her subject. After pondering for a moment, she blurted, "Do you have a hard on?"

"Huh?" Ken exclaimed in shock. "What do you care? Its none of your business!"

Seeing the conversation was getting her no where, she mumbled, "Are you going to jerk off when we get home?"

Ken stopped short and looked at her in amazement. Not being able to think of any return, he shouted, "What?"

Looking down at the ground, she softly repeated her question.

Ken just stared at her as the question drilled into his mind. What was he supposed to say? What could he say? After a too long hesitation, he asked, "Why do you want to know?"

Jane heard the anger leave his voice. Now she was at a loss for words. She couldn't tell him that she wanted to know how to jerk off a boy so she could jerk off Mike. Not being able to give him an answer, she continued with her questions. "Can I watch?"

"What? Are you nuts?" Ken yelled.

Jane knew that his yell was not one of anger. She had heard that tone too many times not to recognize it. Ken turned from her and started walking again. She caught up to him and walked in silence for a while. Seeing that they were almost home, Jane attempted to try another approach. "If I get naked for you can I?"

"Ya, right," Ken muttered.

"I'm serious!" Jane exclaimed.

"I bet!" commented Ken as he put his key into the door and opened it. Without waiting for any more words from his sister, he walked in and went straight into his room, closing the door behind him.

Jane walked into the house and sat down on the couch. As she did, the phone rang. It was her mother checking to make sure that Ken and she were home. The usual mother / daughter conversation ensued with the normal, "Did you have a good time?" and "Did you have fun?" questions. Jane courteously answered all the "third degree" questions that her mother could think of. Finally getting her mother to hang up, Jane went to her room.

She laid on her bed deep in thought. After a few minutes, she got up and pulled off her skirt, sweatshirt, and jersey, leaving on just her tights. Her heart was beating fast. She didn't really want to get naked for her brother but she just had to more about cocks and he did have one of those. Feeling a little like a martyr, she walked to her brother's bedroom door. Deciding not to knock, she took a deep breath and opened it.

Ken was already in bed and opened his mouth to yell at his sister for barging in when he saw that she was half naked. His mouth remained opened but no sound came out.

"Well?" she said.

Ken knew what she meant. He had thought that she had been joking and was not prepared at all for the situation. He said the first thing that came to mind. "You're not naked."

Jane had already walked half way into the room when her brother finally spoke. She stopped. Feeling that her sacrifice was worth it, she hooked her thumbs into her tights and pushed. She looked at her brother and then continues to undress until her tights were in a heap on the floor and she stood naked before him. Her brother said nothing but continued to stare. She took another breath and walked to his bed grabbing the top of the blanket and sheet covering him. Seeing no further reaction, she pulled the covers down until they were at his knees. He was completely nude and his cock was sticking straight out.

Jane sat on the bed and reached for the hard rod. Even though she had no idea what to expect, she was surprised at how hot it felt. She wrapped her hand around it and could feel its hardness. A soft moan escaped from her brother's lips. She knew from hearing others talk that she was supposed to move her hand up and down so she slowly started. "Am I doing it right?" she asked.

"Uh-huh," Ken mumbled as he closed his eyes. This was the first girl to ever touch his cock. He beat off regularly but this felt different. He opened his eyes again and looked at the naked form sitting on his bed. Without even thinking, he reached for it.

Jane felt Ken's hand touch her tit. Although her attention was mainly on the cock in her hand, she did notice that it felt nothing like when Mike had touched her. Mike's hand had really turned her on but this hand was "just there." Ken's hand lingered on her tit for a while and then started to drop lower. She was ready to push his hand away and then realized that she would really look stupid if she did. As his hand went lower, Jane became a little apprehensive. No boy had ever touched her pussy and now it was about to happen. She had always wondered what it would be like to have a boy's hand between her legs but never her brother's hand.

Jane forced her mind to focus back on the cock in her hand. It was almost like a hot piece of metal but with a soft, smooth cover. She could hear Ken's ragged breathing. Suddenly he gasped and held his breath. "Is something wrong? Am I doing it wrong?" she thought. As soon as the thoughts popped into her mind the cock in her hand shot. White, sticky stuff spewed into the air and landed on her and her brother. Jane knew that it must be cum but she had never seen any. She watched in fascination as the eruption took place. After a few moments, the explosion subsided and she released the cock. "I gotta clean this stuff off," she muttered as she stood and left the room.

Jane walked back into her room and shut the door. She scooped up a glob of the cum and examined it. It felt somewhat slimy to her but it felt nice also. Taking a tissue, she wiped  off as best as she could and climbed into her bed. After all the events in the evening, she was tired and wanted to sleep but her body had other plans for her. She felt that tingling sensation her pussy produced so well. Her mind wandered back to when Mike was touching and kissing her. She was suddenly wide awake and horny.

Her hand wandered to the wetness between her legs. Sleep could wait. She started rubbing as her other hand went to her tits and mimicked the movements that Mike had done earlier. She thought of her touching his hard cock. Orgasm hit her like a freight train plowing completely throughout her body. This had been the most powerful climax that she ever had. When it finally subsided, she couldn't even move. Mike's image entered her groggy mind. She couldn't wait to see him again. What a surprise she had in store for him.

Jane finally fell asleep with her hand still between her legs.
