Riding on Dojo’s back had been one of the most grueling fifteen minutes of Raimundo’s life. Trying to distance himself from the younger monk was out of the question as Kimiko and Clay were already occupying the far end of the large dragon and he couldn’t very well ask them to switch places with him in midair. So, he was forced to keep moving up and down, with the front of his body pressing against the back of Omi’s… Rubbing until…

“Um, Raimundo… Why are you poking my backside---”

‘Shit,’ the warrior cursed inwardly.

“Uh, hey Dojo! Tell us about the new Wu!” Raimundo then shouted out, abruptly.

“The Seed of Life,” the green dragon began, “is a very powerful and dangerous Wu. It can take almost any inanimate object and turn it into a living being, ranging from kind to down right vicious depending on the user’s wishes.”

“Wow! That sounds so interesting!” Really, Raimundo had only been half listening to what Dojo had been saying, but at least it offered up a much needed distraction to Omi.

Finally, the large green dragon landed in a secluded forest area.

“All right, we’re here! Time to get the hell off of Dojo and find the Wu! Let’s go everybody!”

The Brazilian boy jumped off the green dragon and broke out into a fierce sprint, an action that did not go unnoticed by his fellow monks.

“Wow, Rai is more excited than a crowd of Mississippi lighting bugs in a jar!” Clay commented in astonishment.

Omi nodded in agreement. “Oh, Raimundo must be most thrilled about the new Shen Gong Wu!”

“Yeah, I’m sure that’s what it is,” Kimiko finished sarcastically with suspicion.

The three remaining monks ran to catch up with their leader only to find out that the boy had stopped running shortly after venturing further into the forest. He seemed to be frozen in place.

“Raimundo”, the water dragon spoke coming up next to the older boy, “What is wrong?”

“That,” the Brazilian boy spoke gravelly, pointing forward.

It was a huge, green and brown plant-like creature, with hundreds of moving spiky vines coming out of it. It looked quite dangerous.

“What the hell is that thing?” Kimiko spoke, dread filling her voice.

“It looks like some kind of giant plant,” Raimundo added.

“Look! The Seed of Life is attached to it!” Clay shouted, pointing at the base of the giant plant that was protruding from the ground with a golden claw like object attached to it.

“Somehow, we have to remove the Shen-Gong-Wu from that overgrown weed!” The fire dragon spoke again, ready to strike.

The other dragons nodded in agreement. Then they spread out so that all of them were surrounding the large creature. Clay charged first.

“Magnitude Stomp! Earth!” The cowboy unleashed his earth-shaking attack towards the monstrous plant, trying to up root it. Unfortunately, the giant creature didn’t even flinch and retaliated by taking vines and slamming the Earth down on to the ground, pinning him.

“Clay!” Kimiko yelled in worry, jumping toward the unworldly monster to aid the cowboy.

“Ming Spin! Fire!” Kimiko shouted. Twin flames shot from the Asian girl’s hands. However, as with Clay’s attack, the fire dragon’s ambush still had left the giant creature unfazed, and the flames dissipated into a sizzle of smoke.

“What? Fire doesn’t work?” The fire dragon inquired, confused.

Just then, another vine came up and smacked Kimiko down on the ground near Clay, pinning her down as well.

“My friends!” Omi shouted. This battle was not going well.

Omi and Raimundo rushed towards their friends when several vines charged towards them, blocking their path. One of the vines then barrowed itself deep underground, the wind and water dragon became guarded.

“Where did it go?” The water dragon spoke cautiously.

“I don’t know,” Raimundo responded tensely, “but stay close to me.” Omi, despite their dire situation, couldn’t help but blush faintly at the Brazilian boy’s comment and came up closer to Raimundo.

Suddenly a huge vine blasted out of the ground stunning the two remaining dragons. With lighting speed, the plant-like limb came up behind Omi wrapped it self around his body, trapping him in a death grip while lifting him high up into the air. The water dragon screamed in pain.

“Rai, never mind us! Go get Omi!” Kimiko shouted, as she and Clay weren’t badly hurt, they just couldn’t move.

The wind dragon nodded in agreement and charged toward the giant creature.

As Raimundo jumped up towards the smaller monk, for a critical second, the wind dragon stalled, abruptly thinking back to his nightmares. He kept replaying the scene in his head… He had hurt Omi… Why couldn’t he stop himself? The wind dragon had become frozen in fear.

‘I can’t touch him… I don’t want to hurt---’ 

Then the vines suddenly performed a vice-grip on Omi. What Raimundo heard next was a sickening crack and a blood-curtailing scream. The water dragon was unconscious.

Raimundo finally snapped out of his trance and yelled, “Omi!”

A vine came up and slammed itself into the wind dragon, smashing him to the ground.

Just then, a blurred figure sped pass the vine holding the small monk and sliced the plant limb in half. Now released, Omi began to fall towards ground, but was caught safely in the arms of… Chase Young?

The Heylin warrior gently placed the injured monk on the soft grass.

Raimundo did not have time to think about the irony of the situation as the older male shouted towards him.

“Wind dragon, get the Shen-Gong-Wu!”

Raimundo nodded and called on his weapon. “Sword of Nimbus!”

With Chase warding off the vines, Raimundo was able to direct a finishing blow to the heart of the beast. As soon as the Shen-Gong-Wu was dislodged from the base of the vines, the plants became smaller and smaller until it withered away into dust.

After retrieving the Seed of Life, Raimundo urgently made his way over to the other monks, who had already begun tending to the heavily injured Omi.

“Clay, how is he?” Raimundo asked the Texan, who was now cradling the small water dragon in his arms.

Clay’s soft blue eyes looked at the wind dragon with a grim expression. “He’s breathin’, but it don’t look good… We gotta get Omi back to Master Fung right now!”

“Alright, then let’s get going”, Raimundo expressed eagerly.

“Wait,” the Heylin warrior spoke suddenly. “I wish to speak to the wind dragon… alone,” Chase stared emotionless, yet seriously at the other dragons.

“What do you want with Raimundo?” Kimiko began, cautiously.

“That’s none of your concern,” Chase finished coldly.

“Now wait just a minute ya dragon breath varmint---,” the cowboy growled at the Heylin warrior.

“Clay”, Raimundo started, as he put a reassuring hand on the larger male’s shoulder. “It’s alright. Take Omi back to the shrine… Just let me handle this… Please”.

The cowboy was hesitant, but soon started to tread quickly back to Dojo with the injured water dragon resting safely in his arms.

The wind dragon watched his friends leave, then turned to face Chase Young.

The Heylin warrior said nothing and started walking deeper into forest. Raimundo followed. They traveled further into the dark forest, and then finally came to a stop. It was completely silent. Deathly silent.

“So…” The wind dragon began, awkwardly.

Chase interrupted, “please, spare me the formalities… What is going on between you and the Little One?” Raimundo flinched.

When Chase said “Little One” Raimundo automatically knew the man was referring to Omi. The Brazilian boy hated when Chase called Omi that, as he had always thought the Heylin warrior’s interest in the young monk had bordered along creepy. Plus, it made him feel quite jealous.

“Nothing’s going on, besides even if there was, it wouldn’t be any of your business,” Raimundo finished coldly.

Chase’s eyes narrowed further. “Do not lie to me, you insolent worm! I can see it in your eyes and make no mistake… anything that concerns the Little One is my business.”

Well, this conversation was sure off to a great start.

Raimundo sighed, “So if you all ready know, then what do you want?”

Chase’s eyes narrowed even further, into a thin line. The Heylin warrior’s patience was depleting more and more as the conversation went on. “What I want, dragon of the wind, is to give you a warning.”

“Warning?”

“Yes. I know that there is something off about you. That you have been cursed.”

Raimundo, taken aback, looked incredulity at the Heylin warrior. What was Chase referring to? “Cursed?! What are you talking about?”

“You’ve been having increasingly perverse dreams about the Little One haven’t you?”

Raimundo blushed, feeling a severe feeling of unrest coming from Chase Young. How could he have known that? Suddenly, the Brazilian boy felt worse about where the conversation might be going. So, without answering the Heylin warrior’s first question, the wind dragon posed another one. “Who would curse me?”

Chase paused for a brief moment at Raimundo’s lame attempt at avoiding the question. If he wished, the older male could have easily prodded him further, but the boy’s diversion of the answer was all the response he needed. Instead, he decided to answer the wind dragon’s inquiry.

“At this point I do not know, but this was no accident,” the Heylin Warrior finished gravely.

“How do you even know this?” Raimundo asked.

Chase paused again, annoyed with the wind dragon’s abrupt questions, then continued. “It gives off a revolting stench… You are being controlled by your lust for the Little One.”

Raimundo stared in disbelief. “What?”

The Heylin warrior paused once more, his voice then became deceptively soft. “It doesn’t take much really… Given, you do have genuine feelings for the Little One… That is why it is converted into dark energy so easily. Without the curse, your love follows unabashed... pure even. This is what makes the spell all the more cruel… It takes untainted feelings and emotions and makes its victim perform the most heinous of acts to the one that person cares about most…”

Raimundo felt a brief moment of relief in clarity, then a horrible rush of realization. For a moment the wind dragon wanted to ask Chase how he knew so much about the curse. But it was strange… Chase’s eyes looked so far away at that moment, as if he had been in a trance; contemplating something vital. Then, as suddenly as it had begun, the dark warrior’s eyes became hard and cold once more, glaring back at Raimundo.

“You need to fix this”, he bit out harshly, urgently.

“So what the hell do you expect me to do?” Raimundo bit back out just as harshly.

Chase had decided he was done playing nice.

With godly speed Chase, now in front of Raimundo, lifted the dragon up by his Xiaolin robe collar while shoving him up against a large tree. The Heylin warrior then brought his face within an inch to the young monk’s and spoke with gritted teeth, his fangs clearly showing.

“Listen to me very closely Dragon of the Wind…” Chase spoke with death nestled between each word. “…because I am warning you— If Omi is harmed again whether it be by your negligence or by something more sinister, I swear--- I will slaughter you, make no mistake about that.”

“Yeah… I’m workin’ on it,” Raimundo replied as he struggled to breathe.

“I suggest you do something to get “it” under control soon… Otherwise, I will do it for you, without hesitation. Do we understand each other?

“Got it… couldn’t be clearer”, the wind dragon rasped.

“Good”, Chase finished as he unceremoniously dropped Raimundo to the ground.

The Heylin warrior then jumped into the air, disappearing just as instantly as he had appeared.

The shit was perpetually hitting the fan.

------------

When the wind dragon finally made it back to the Xiaolin Temple, the sun was starting to rise and he was more than anxious.

Raimundo knew the other dragons would question him about Chase and he wasn’t ready to start explaining. He was much more worried about Omi anyway.

He walked to medical wing of the temple and found Kimiko and Clay standing outside the healing room doors. When they saw Raimundo they looked relieved.

“Raimundo,” the fire dragon expressed happily. We’re so glad you’re okay. What did Chase want to talk to you about anyway?”

“It was nothing important, how’s Omi? Raimundo spoke tensely, changing the subject.

Clearly not satisfied with the wind dragon’s response and slightly annoyed with his brush off, Kimiko was about to question Raimundo further when Clay interjected.

“He’s doin’ a lot better”, the cowboy answered. “We got him here quick enough and Master Fung is patchin’ him up right now.

With that news, a great portion of tension drained from Raimundo’s face, and without another word to the other two dragons, he walked into the occupied healing room.

---

Omi was lying unconscious on a soft mat, bandages around his chest and waist with Master Fung knelling beside him tending to his injures. The boy was always so full of life and usually showed so much strength, that it was hardening to see him so pale, so… fragile.

“Raimundo,” the old master greeted the wind dragon.

“How is he?” The wind dragon asked hesitantly, afraid of the answer he might receive.

The older man sighed, “His wounds were not as severe as I once thought. I was able to heal most of the injuries he sustained. He needs his rest for the next few days and should try not to push himself to much for the next few weeks.”

Raimundo took a deep breath. Though the wind dragon was more than relieved, he felt nothing but guilt. He kept replaying the horrible scene in his mind, thinking about how his weakness had ended up injuring the water dragon greatly. It had only been a split second, but it was a split second could have used to save Omi. He felt lower than dirt.

“Raimundo, are you all right?” Master Fung asked, breaking the Brazilian boy out of his train of thought

“Yeah,” Raimundo expressed wearily, “I’m fine… I’m just worried about Omi is all.”

The older man stared at the wind dragon for contemplative moment then nodded, “I understand.”

“I’m going to my room now” Raimundo spoke again, voice breaking. Without waiting for a response from Master Fung, the Brazilian boy moved towards the screen doors. He let out a quick, “Get better soon buddy” towards the sleeping water dragon, before darting out.

He silently sped pass Kimiko and Clay and down hall. Once in the solitude of his room, Raimundo fumbled to the floor and cried.

---

Preview of Chapter 6 (please don’t freak out, it’s not completely what you think):

“The smaller male, now broken and lost, uttered his question as one word, filled with so much pain and betrayal, that it seemed as if it was synonymous with a plea for death.”

End Preview