Author: mypenname3000
Title: Owning a Maid Harem Chapter Twenty-Five: The Demoness Hungers For His Seed
Summary: The Seductress wants Lance's seed. Will she get it?
Keyword: mF Ff mc inc oral toy bond exhib voy orgy lac super viol breed

Characters
Main Characters

Lance Hayward: New Master of Hayward Manor.
Cali: The purple-eyed maid with a mysterious past. Has the Golden Garter.
Maria Hayward: Lance's mother. Has the Silver Garter and is his Mommy-Maid.
Kylie Hayward: Lance's little sister. Has the Pink Garter and his Little Sister Maid.
Ms. Lynette Docea: Lance's history teacher. Has the Light-Blue Garter and is his Teacher-Maid.
Nancy Heres: Lance's aunt and mother's sister. Has the Red Garter and is his Aunt-Maid.
Bella Miles: Lance's best friend. Has the Yellow Garter and is his Maid-Wife.

The Daughter Maids  Bronze Garters
Angela Hayward: Lance's daughter with his mother. 
Virginia Hayward: Lance's second daughter with his mother. 

The Virgin Maids  Pink Garters
Ashley: Student
Brenda: Student
Janiqua: Student
Rashimi: Attends First Baptist
Tabitha: Kylie's best friend
Zeta: Attends First Baptist

The Wise-Maids  Gray Garters
Abigail Wright: Curator at the Museum of Neolithic History
Asuka: Student
Marsha Peterson: PHD in Celtic Mythology
Mrs. Johnson: Teacher
Mrs. White: Principal
Sister Martha Ruth: Nun at St. Theresa

The Slut-Maids  Orange Garters
Alisha: Shop girl
Deborah: Aunt Nancy's eldest daughter.
Deidre: Attends First Baptist
Izzy: Aunt Nancy's youngest daughter.
Ji-Woo Im: Runs Happy Touch Massage Parlor
Seo-Yun Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Concubine-Maids  Green Garters
Alice: Student
Carla: Cheerleader
Felicity: Student
Gloria: Student
Mrs. Kenning: Mother to Opal
Mrs. Miles: Bella's mother
Opal Kenning: Bride going to marry Clint Hartford.
Veronica: Student

Other Characters
Aleister Hayward: Brought the manor from England to America
Clint Hartford: Groom going to marry Opal Kenning
Coach Richards: Teacher
Daffodil: Attends First Baptist
Derrick: Rick Reynold's best man, banging his bride.
Lana: Attends First Baptist
Mortimer Hayward: Lance's dead uncle, previous owner of Hayward Manor.
Mr. Carter: Teacher
Mr. Jordan: Teacher
Pita: Attends First Baptist
Rick Reynolds: Groom goign to marry Rita Carlyle.
Rita Carlyle: Bride going to marry Rick Reynolds. Cheating on him with his best man.
Sister Shannon Ester: Nun at St. Theresa, killed by Malevolence
Ursula: Attends First Baptist
Young-Ja Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Imprisoned

The Gizzamuluke
The Hagazim
Lady Smiles
The Maggotborn
Malevolence
The Misshapen
The Ripper
Smiles
The Seductress
The Stalker
The Twin
The Weeper
The Woods

Lance Hayward

I stood in complete darkness. In the power of the Seductress. Alone.

I couldn't hear any of my maids that I had brought into the clearing with me. Not even Cali who was behind me and crying out her warning. We had walked into the Seductress's trap. A chill ran through me. A wave of fear.

I stood in the Seductress's power. She wanted me here.

I stepped forward and conjured my golden lance. It glowed in the darkness, and yet revealed nothing. I could barely see my hand holding it. Just a shadow. I turned slowly in the darkness, my heart hammering away.

Kylie! I shouted. Andrea! Aunt Nancy! Izzy!

No one answered.

Cali!

A profound quiet gripped me.

I moved slowly, not sure what else to do. My heart pounded. Terror seeped through me like oil bubbling out of the cracks in the earth. A thick sludge coated my insides and threatened to swallow me. I wanted to run. To shout. I clenched my hands on my lance.

I had to control my fear before it wiped out my reason. Killed my thoughts. I had to master it now. I took in slow breaths. Fighting the panic demanding I run. I would not run. I would stand tall. I was the Master of Hayward Manor. I had the Golden Power. I would stop the Seductress and save my mother from the evil bitch's grasp.

Mom! I shouted, my voice strong. 

Nothing answered me. I turned slowly in the dark, my feet moving slowly. Carefully. The oppressive night pressed in at me from every direction. I felt like I was at the bottom of the sea floor in the abyssal night. Completely alone and waiting for some horror to drift out of the black and attack me.

Mom! I shouted again. I had seen her. Chained to the wall. I'm here, Mom!

...mine... whispered from the darkness. A soft sigh, almost like a final exhalation wheezed out from a dying body.

Pain ripped across my back. Burning claws slashed me open. I grunted and staggered forward. Blood poured down my back. I gripped the staff and snarled against the agony. My knees buckled from what had happened. 

I spun around and thrust at the darkness. My golden lance plunged into the night and struck nothing. I could feel her, though. She was all around me. I had walked right into the Seductress's power, and she

Pain burst in my side. I staggered as more blood spilled from my wound and splashed on the ground. It ran hot down my thigh. I snarled and thrust in the direction it came, my heart pounding now. The stench of copper filled my nose.

My blood splashed on the ground.

...power...

The shadows quivered around me with the Seductress's excitement. This time, the words were breathier. Not like that final exhalation. It held more life. Like it was growing stronger. I shifted in place, the only sound I could hear was the drops of my blood striking the earth.

PLOP! PLOP! PLOP!

A third slash in my left thigh. A single nail scraped across my muscle. I growled and slashed my spear, swinging it in a glowing arc out to the side, hoping to strike her as more of my blood splashed on the ground. My life ran down my body. None of the wounds were deep, but they bled.

PLOP! PLOP! PLOP!

...my power...

You're not trying to kill me, I snarled in realization. Not right away. She wanted my blood.

How could I stop her? The darkness devoured my blood. She ate it. It didn't matter where my blood landed, it fell into her... power. The shadows around me were her power. I needed to... to... stab not at an unseen foe, but at the black around me.

I had to stab at her power.

I gripped my spear in both hands and focused on my real enemy. The oppression around me. The black trying to swallow me. That was the Seductress. I believed I could hurt her. That my golden light could plunge into the heart of her shadows.

I thrust forward and struck the darkness.

The night hissed with pain. My light tore a hole in the black. In the shadows. It grew brighter for a moment. I could see the ground I stood on, my blood vanishing the moment it landed on the earth, swallowed by her shadows.

I stabbed again at the dark. I struck it. The shadows recoiled for a moment. I panted. My fingers grew numb. Too much blood spilled out of me. The wounds all bled freely. Drop by drop, I lost my life. My energy.

A wave of dizziness washed over me. Panic nibbled on the edge of my reason. I was dying.

I formed my lance into a sword only. It was still at the end of the long handle. A glaive, I think. I held a glaive now in my hand. I slashed at the darkness, desperate for help. I didn't want to die in this dark place.

I didn't want to be devoured by the Seductress.

She would feast on the Golden Power in me. The Hayward blood would energize her. What could she do with it? Take down the Hay? Allow all the nightmares in this realm to spill back into our world and plunge it into madness.

She would kill my maids. My sister. My mother. Bella pregnant with my son.

NOOOOOOO! I roared and slashed with all my might into the darkness.

My golden light ripped through the night. A deep slash. A mighty scream echoed around me. I left a gash in the black. A tear in the night around me. I staggered, almost collapsing to my knees. The world spun around me. I slammed the butt of my glaive to the ground, my blood running down my body.

I staggered through the wound in the shadows into more darkness. But now... Now I wasn't alone. My mother was here, chained up to the wall as I remembered her to be. She stared off into the distance, a smile on her face. A stoned smile.

You can't have her! I snarled and slashed at the night around the pair of us. 

The darkness screamed. The shriek trembled around me. 

The shadows swirled and washed over my mother like tentacles. They slithered around her breasts, spiraling up those large mounds until the reached Mom's nipples. The darkness engulfed those nubs and constricted around her breasts.

Mom groaned, her face twisting with exultation. She shuddered in the chains as the Seductress fed on her breast milk. On her healing, rejuvenating cream. Anger swelled in me that this creature would dare touch my mother, let alone nurse from her.

I slashed at those tentacles. The darkness melted away as the shadows screamed. Mother's breasts were freed. Milk beaded from her nipples. I needed that milk before. I couldn't feel my hands. My feet. The cold marched up my limbs to my core.

I died.

I stumbled forward and grabbed my mother's right breast, planting the butt of my weapon on the ground. I leaned down, falling into her bosom, and latched on. I suckled from my mother's nipple. Her milk flooded my mouth.

I nursed from her as the blood dripped down my body. I gulped down her sweet delight. It spilled my throat to my belly. The warmth swept through me. Feeling returned to my extremities. I groaned as the pain diminished. 

I gulped down more and more of the milk as my injuries mended. The blood still dripped, but the flow slowed then stopped. I swallowed them as the strength returned to me. I replenished the blood I lost. The power that she had devoured from me.

I ripped my mouth from my mother's breast and spun around. I attacked the darkness.

Pain ripped across my chest. A new wound that spurted blood into the darkness before me. My crimson splashed on the shadows and vanished. The night quivered around us, glorying in what I had just done.

...more power...

A chill ran through me. She wanted me to heal. To find my mother.

Bitch, I snarled and slashed at the night. I won't play this game!

The whisper laughed around me as my blood ran down my chest, feeding her. She grew stronger as I grew weaker. I slashed again, striking the night. A claw ripped across the back of my thigh. I staggered at white-hot pain.

Fucking cunt! I roared. Face me, you monstrous bitch! I'll show you power!

Bitch? mother whispered, her voice distant. Not a monstrous bitch. She's my daughter.

What? I spun around to her. What did you say?

She's our daughter, Master, Mother said, her voice dreamy, her eyes glazed.

The darkness swallowed her. I was alone again in the night, my blood running out of me. The chill settled down into my limbs again. I shook. Fear swirled around me. How could I beat her? This was all her plan, but...

She hid Mom from me. Why would she do that if she wanted me to keep drinking her breast milk to survive? Those words... The Seductress was our daughter? A sick feeling washed through me. She had been born, taking over the flesh of our daughter. 

My hand clenched about my lance. The Seductress was part Hayward now. She had a connection to me. I focused on that. My glaive pulsed with glowing light. I felt... an echo. A reflection that bounced off something similar behind me.

I whirled, forming my glaive into a lance, and stabbed at the reflection. At my daughter's. 

My weapon slammed into the reflection and burst with light. It washed around me and revealed a woman standing there naked. She looked like... a vampish version of Mom. Not a motherly woman, but a seductress in her guise. Predatory and sensual all at the same time. Her evil twin, eyes as black as night with lush lips and a hairless pussy. Her big breasts quivered in delight as she licked her lips in hunger.

She threw herself at me and slammed into me before I could raise my weapon to defend myself. She struck me and knocked me to the ground. She was on top of me, her breasts rubbing into my chest. Her lips claimed mine.

She kissed me with hunger, her breasts rubbing into the cut on my chest, drinking in the blood that flowed out of me. Her hairless pussy rubbed on my cock. Despite my bloodloss, I hardened beneath her silky cunt sliding up and down me. 

I broke the kiss and growled, You want me, don't you?

I want your power, she purred, staring down at me with those black eyes. Not all black, just the irises and pupils, the whites stark in contrast. Mmm, blood is power.

So is semen, I said, remembering what Cali had told me. 

Yes, she moaned and slid her pussy up my cock. She reached the tip, her pussy lips surrounding it. She plunged down my dick and gasped in delight. She gripped not just my physical lance, but my metaphysical one. 

Her pussy gripped my power. She held it tight and tried to rip it from me as she rose and slid her cunt up my cock. She massaged me with her twat as she wrestled with me for my power. My nuts twitched, brimming with my seed.

Yes, she moaned, her lips curling in a smile. She flashed sharp fangs. The femme fatale version of my mother. Dark and beautiful. Dangerous and passionate.

She plunged down my cock, her big boobs bouncing over me. I shuddered as I reveled in her cunt riding me. She was my flesh and blood possessed by a demon. A sensual seductress. A succubus that feasted on me in the night.

Yes, she moaned as she worked up and down me, drawing on the power that would let her end the Hay. Mmm, that's it. Just give it to me, Hayward.

I would. She wanted my power, I would give it to her. I would flood her with my jizz and my energy. She was my flesh and blood. Like called to like. My power quivered in her, aching to flood her. My hands balled into fists.

Her hot pussy worked up and down my dick. She massaged me with that delight. Her back arched, her boobs heaving as she massaged me with her hot snatch. Her silky passion slid up and down me. I groaned, the pleasure rushing through me.

Her exquisite pussy built and built my orgasm. The intoxicating rush of her cunt devouring my dick swept through me. This was a perfect delight. I reveled in her hot pussy suckling at me. I gambled on the existence of the world.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned. Oh, the legendary Hayward lance! It is ecstasy! Yes, yes, I love being pierced by it!

Legendary? I groaned, her pussy gripping me.

Mmm, yes, yes, she moaned. The cock beloved by the Queen of the Tuatha de Danaan. By Titania herself. Yes, yes, that's such a delight. Mmm, fill my cunt with your big dick. I'm going to cum on your mighty lance, and rip your soul from your body, Hayward!

Titania? One of my ancestors fucked a fairy queen? I had to read a Midsummer's Night Dream last semester in Mrs. Johnson's class. Damn. 

What a stud that guy had been.

The Seductress slammed her cunt down my body, her tits jiggling. They drew my attention. Those big, bouncing mounds beckoned me. I grabbed her sides, feeling the silkiness of her skin as I watched her tits heave.

I will have your power! she moaned. You can't resist cumming in my pussy!

No, I groaned.

I slid my hands up her body and gripped her breasts. I squeezed those soft, lush mounds. They felt just like Mother's. I kneaded those breasts as her evil twin worked her cunt up and down my dick. She massaged me with that hot snatch.

Shit, I groaned, the pressure building and building toward bursting at the tip of my cock.

Almost there, she gasped.

Yes, I growled and squeezed her tits. I dug my fingers into them as that amazing pussy plunged down my dick. She swallowed my cock. She devoured every drop of my jizz. Fuck!

She smiled and wiggled her hips from side to side. She stirred her pussy around my dick. The pleasure rippled through me. My eyes rolled back in my head as she did that. She gripped me with that amazing cunt. The pleasure built and built in my nuts.

I couldn't last much longer. Would this work? Was I dooming the world by thinking giving her my power wouldn't end in my death? In this mad creature getting exactly what she desired? I gripped her breasts as her hot twat rode my dick.

It was too late now. I couldn't hold back cumming. I was too close to erupting. 

Yes, yes, give me the Hayward power, she moaned. Flood me with your seed! Her pussy gripped my dick and my lance. She plunged down me.

Her pussy convulsed.

She spasmed around me, sucking at my nuts and my power. Both of them brimmed in me, needing to be released. Her hot twat rippled around me, the silky massage too much to endure. I gripped her tits and exploded.

My cum fired into her pussy as my golden power erupted from me. I channeled it and slapped it about her. I didn't just flood her pussy with my energy, I attacked her with it. The radiance burst from my hands squeezing her tits as I dumped my load in her cunt.

What? she gasped as the light washed over her body. I engulfed her in the power and surged it down to her thigh. I wrapped a manacle around her left leg, chaining her to me. She was my flesh. My blood.

The Hayward power resonated through us both. The light that engulfed her body shone bright, driving back the darkness around us. Cali appeared out of the shadows, her purple eyes reflecting the brilliance. A smile spread on her lips as I dumped more and more of my cum into the Seductress's cunt.

By the Ancient Oath, I bind thee, the Seductress! Cali shouted, her voice resonating with the light spilling out of me.

I'm not a spirit! the Seductress laughed as her pussy convulsed around my dick. I am in the flesh now!

With the salt that plants vitality in the earth! roared Cali, her voice brimming with the authority given to her by her Contract. The rhythm of life that spreads the heat of passion! The breath of soul that speaks truths! And the saliva that spills like rain upon the world. I bind thee, the Seductress!

Cali's golden garter flashed with a chain that vanished into the darkness. The golden light around the Seductress burst as her own chain appeared, connected to her left thigh. It glowed so bright in the shadows around us.

I BIND THEE, THE SEDUCTRESS! Cali roared. 

The shadows around us burst into motes of black, revealing the mountain valley. From Cali's back, a flash of purple wings extended from her back. Her eyes glowed so bright. They blazed as the light became a manacle around the Seductress's thigh. A garter of energy that held her to the Hay like all my maids. 

I pulled my hands way from her breasts and manacles appeared in my hands. Cali plucked them from me and yanked the seductress's hands back. The purple wings flapped as Cali looked inhuman now. A fairy burning with rage. An anger that was beyond any human comprehension. She clapped the golden cuffs on the Seductress, binding the demon's hands behind her back.

The golden light vanished and Cali returned to normal, standing there in her maid's uniform, her golden garter gleaming in the strange daylight of the Otherworld. The sky above was the same Van Gogh madness, strias of colors swirling together.

The Seductress, her hands bound behind her back, wore a black garter on her thigh.

Cali stared at the cloth around the Seductress, her purple eyes widening in surprise. She's not... Imprisoned, Master.

No, I said, staring at the creature who stole my unborn daughter's flesh. She's a slave to the Hay like you.

Anger flashed across my purple-eyed maid. Not like me! She has no contract. She is truly a slave. A dangerous one.

The Seductress burst into mad laughter, throwing back her head as her pussy clenched around my cock. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Bella Hayward
,br>
Two weeks.

It had been two weeks. That thought ran through my mind as I rubbed the polishing into the gilded frame of the Gizzamuluke's painting for the dozenth time. I cleaned it once a day at least. I didn't trust that grinning cat.

The thing leered at me as I worked around the edge of the painting. He hungered for me, but he was still bound. Still imprisoned in his painting. He couldn't harm me so long as I poured the magic of the Hayward into it. I could feel it trembling through me.

Two weeks... How much longer until Lance returned?

I finished with the frame. I then pulled out a cleaner that was gentle and wouldn't harm the varnish. I was certain really paintings weren't cleaned like this, but it was all... a ritual. Asuka had called it sympathetic magic a few days ago when she emerged from her room. She was working on some AI script to search for anomalies.

Sympathetic magic. I was doing a ritual, an act that invoked magic by seeming to do this everyday occurrence. Symbolic or something. I just knew I didn't want this creature bursting out. It was dangerous. It frightened me more than any of the other Imprisoned.

And that included the Malevolence we captured two weeks ago. I had seen
 that thing in the... well, not flesh. But in reality. It had killed that poor nun and would have done more if it wasn't for Lance and us maids. We had driven it back.

Two weeks... 

I finished wiping down the painting, leaving it with a wet gleam. The green eyes followed me as I moved on to clean elsewhere. Lance was coming back. He had to return. He would save his mother from the Seductress. I ached for him to be back.

I knew I would see him again. 

I reached the bust of a man with a warm smile and yet he had such sinister eyes. I pulled out the right polish for the marble and started cleaning it. That smile was so inviting. I shuddered. This thing lured in victims with a veneer of friendliness.

Like the killer who built a fire in the dark to attract the lost and the frightened. A beacon of warmth in the cold. A lie. I scrubbed hard at it. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

The Seductress knelt, her hands clasped behind her back with golden manacles. She had stopped laughing. Now she glowered. The reality of her situation had settled in her, I supposed. She glared up at me, the black garter stark about her pale thigh.

What is going on? she demanded. What have you done to me?

The impossible, Cali said, grabbing her blonde hair, the same hue as my mother's. He bound you without a contract. You made a fatal error possessing his unborn daughter. I can see it now. Blood is power, but it is also connection. You had a bond with him, and he exploited that to make you his. He created... a new hue.

No one has ever made a new hue? I asked.

Not since the contract, Cali said, studying the Seductress's black eyes. She is your daughter, Master, and she is the Seductress.

I glanced at the manacles. Does she have to stay bound like that? She's a maid now.

She is, but do you want her running loose? Cali glanced at me, her purple eyes unreadable. Do you fully trust her?

I glanced at the Seductress. Anger burned in her eyes. She put on a seductive smile, though. My cock stirred with desire for her. No, she's a viper. I can see it in her eyes. She wants to lure me in so she can strike.

She's a weapon, Master Hayward. A maid to be unleashed.

Daddy, cooed the Seductress, you can trust me. You bound me.

Those black eyes... I shuddered. I definitely cannot trust you.

Whimpers of pain drew my attention. Now that the shadows were gone, I could see that all my maids were chained around the depression that we were in. Blood dripped from them all. It wasn't just me she had bled. 

Only Mother was uninjured. Fear shot through me as I rushed over to my mother. She didn't look stoned any longer. She looked horrified as she stared at Kylie and Andrea who were side by side. Her daughters were so pale, slumped over.

Free them, I snarled at the Seductress. NOW!

She gasped as my power slammed into her. The black chains melted. All the maids save my mother collapsed to the ground. Fear rushed through me. My mother hugged me tight, but they needed her milk right now.

Nurse Andrea first! I said. Cali, we have to bandage them.

Yes, Master, Cali said.

Mom rushed to Andrea while I went to Kylie. I ripped a strip of cloth off her uniform and bound it over the cut on her right thigh. It was almost a mirror to her pink garter. I wrapped the black cloth around the wound, binding it tight.

I moved on to Aunt Nancy. I ripped off the cloth from her. Mother nursed Andrea as I worked. I moved as quickly as I could, my heart pounding a wild beat in my chest. The Seductress wanted to bleed them slowly, but...

They were so pale.

I bound Mrs. Kenning. Opal. Marsha, Sister Martha Ruth, Carla, Gloria. Cali was working, too. She had Seo-Yun, Deidre, Ms. Docea, Ashley, Janiqua. My mother and Andrea were moving to the maids that hadn't been bandaged yet, Veronica and Tabitha. 

The Seductress watched, kneeling and bound by my golden power. She had a smile on her lips. It amused her that we were trying to save my maids. That she had caused them all this pain with her scheme. Anger swelled in me. 

But we soon had their wounds bound. Mother and Andrea moved swiftly. They breastfed each of the maids. They gulped down the milk and were soon standing up and we had more to help with the bandaging.

Finally, they were all back on their feet. Not fully healed, but enough that they weren't dying until they could be. Mother and Andrea were breastfeeding two at a time, maids gulping down the restorative milk as others were taking up positions on the perimeter to guard us.

Set up the cottage, I told Cali.

She glanced at me. Before I do, you need to fashion a golden dildo with your power. The Seductress's bonds must be maintained. Every hour, either your or a maid with the golden dildo, must fuck her.

For how long? I asked.

Until the end of time. She glanced at the Seductress. She must be kept subdued until you must unleash her against your enemies.

I nodded and concentrated on that. It was like making the manacles. I diverted a piece of the golden power to form the dildo. It appeared in my hand, a golden lance of a different sort. A weapon to be wielded by my maids.

Cali formed into the cottage in the middle of the clearing. I grabbed the Seductress by the arm and lifted her to her feet. She pressed against me in such a loving way like one of my other maids would, but I could feel the lie.

The Seductress... She would never stop trying to seduce me.  

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Keily Hayward

I liked Cali's cozy cottage. It was a wonderful place. It felt like the living quarters in the mansion. A place of safety warded against the darkness. A hearth and home all alone in the wilderness. A refugee that I could relax in.

Even if there was the Seductress in our midst.

She looked just like Mommy. Well, if Mommy was even more of a tramp than Aunt Nancy. The Seductress oozed sexual desire. Just seeing her kneeling with her hands bound, made my pussy wet. She had lips that were made for sucking cock and a tongue for licking pussy. She had such big and bountiful breasts. Her golden hair fell in lustrous waves around her lush face. Even her black irises made her desirable. You could get lost in the passion in those dark depths.

I pressed the golden dildo to my clit and it just sort of... attached. That was neat. A strap-on dildo that didn't need the straps. I hummed as I moved behind the Seductress. She had her hands cuffed behind her, her fingers twitching.

Kylie, she cooed, looking over her shoulders at her. I'm so sorry for bleeding you. I was confused. I thought I had to be your enemy, but I'm not. I'm Master's. He claimed me.

Yes, he did, I said. Put that face down.

And my ass up? the Seductress purred, doing just that. She wiggled her hips back and forth. Come and plunge that dildo into me. Ooh, just ram that into me and fuck me so hard. I want it.

Even though this keeps you bound to my brother? I asked her, rubbing the golden tip up and down her juicy pussy lips.

Of course, Kylie. I want to be his slave. I have to be bound to him. She pushed back so her cunt swallowed the tip of the golden dildo and pushed it against my clit. Pleasure sparked from that wonderful activity. Fuck me with it!

I gripped her hips and pounded her. I thrust to the hilt in her cunt. My dildo buried deep into her. She moaned, her fingers twitching. It was so sweet that she wanted to stay bound to my big brother. Our Master was amazing. Of course, she wanted to serve him.

It was so neat fucking her. I drew back the golden dildo. It emerged dripping in her pussy cream. I thrust back into her, slamming hard into her cunt. My clit burst with sparks. Pleasure showered through me. I groaned in delight.

It was so much fun burying the dildo to the hilt in her cunt. My small boobies jiggled as I fucked her twat. Around us, the other maids were having fun. Mommy was kissing Master Big Brother. Aunt Nancy rode her daughter's face. That was hot to see. Maids were tribbing and sixty-nining and just kissing. It was so hot.

Ooh, ooh, ooh, I cooed, fucking the Seductress with my dildo. I slammed to the hilt in her, loving the way she gasped and moaned. Her fingers twitched as I pounded her with my dildo. It was just a thrill to bury into her. That's it. That's just it. Take my dildo! Take my brother's power, you naughty maid!

I am so naughty, she moaned. Yes, yes, ram that dildo into my cunt. Ooh, you're going to make my pussy cum! You're so good at that, Kylie! Oh, yes, yes, you're just the best!

I am! I squealed as I pumped away at her.

It was so hot fucking her. I loved how the golden dildo massaged my clit. Sparks burst from it with my every thrust into her pussy. That was so hot. I loved how she moaned as I did that. I pounded her with such force, just stirring her up.

She whimpered, wiggling her hips from side to side as I fucked her. I pounded her with force. I thrust to the hilt in her cunt again and again. She had such a wonderful pussy to fuck. I loved banging her with such force. 

My clit throbbed as I pounded the Seductress. I fucked her cunt, her butt-cheeks jiggling. I loved how they rippled. She moaned, her manacles clinking as she shuddered. This was so much fun. I loved this a lot. I shuddered, fucking her hard and fast.

Ooh, ooh, this is just so great! I moaned. This is amazing! Isn't it, Mommy?

So amazing, she moaned, wiggling her hips as I fucked into her twat. Yes, yes, just keep fucking me like that. I love it so much. I love how you're churning me up. You're such a good girl. Yes, you are!

I was so glad to hear her say that. It made me so happy. My cute boobies jiggled as I fucked the Seductress hard. I pounded her with my Master's magical dildo. I pounded her hard and fast, churning her up as my own naughty pussy grew so juicy.

I swelled toward my orgasm, too. I would have a huge burst of pleasure. I couldn't wait to explode with all this rapture. It was so wonderful. I wanted to just have a bit burst of cum. I thrust to the hilt in her snatch over and over.

It felt so good fucking her cunt with the dildo. I shuddered, my orgasm building so fast. I wanted to cum just pounding her. That would be so awesome. I gripped her hips, holding her tight as I churned up her pussy with the toy.

Kylie! Kylie! The bound maid shuddered. You're almost as good of a fuck as our Master!

No one can fuck better than Master-Big Brother! I squealed.

No one, the Seductress moaned. Yes, yes, you're so good, Kylie. Keep thrusting into me. I'm going to cum. I'm so close to that bursting point!

Good, I moaned as I thrust away at her, my cunt clenching. My juices dripped down my thighs.

I hurtled toward my orgasm. I just had to burst. I was so close to erupting. I churned her up, her frothy juices coating the dildo when it emerged from her cunt. My clit throbbed. Every time I thrust, the dildo pushed that naughty button.

I hurtled toward an amazing orgasm. I slammed deep and hard into that pussy. The Seductress moaned. I bet she would look so cute in her maid's outfit. Well, so sexy. I shuddered, fucking her hard and fast. I pounded her with the dildo.

My clit throbbed with each plunge into her twat. I'm going to cum, too.

Good, the Seductress moaned. I'm almost there, Kylie. You're amazing. Just wonderful. Oh, yes, yes, I love what you're doing to me!

Yay! I slammed deep and hard into her, my clit bursting with sparks. I was about to cum.

But the Seductress beat me to it, gasping out in rapture. Her head tossed, her blonde hair dancing. The golden chain of her manacles rattled as she trembled. Her moans joined the other maids around us all gasping out in delight.

I slammed deep and hard into her pussy and burst. I joined her, my pleasure seeping through me. Powerful waves of delight washed through my body. My little titties quivered as my cunt spasmed. Juices spilled hot down my thighs.

I loved the heat spilling through me. My mind drowned in small that wonderful rapture. I moaned and the Seductress gasped. Her pussy must be going wild around the dildo. I knew mine was spasming with the euphoria rushing through me.

Ooh, ooh, that's so good! I gasped, stars twinkling across my vision.

Kylie! she gasped. You're such a good maid! Oh, yes, yes, such a perfect maid for our Master!

I love him so much! I groaned, my body trembling. The pussy cream spilled hot down my thighs. I loved how naughty that felt. He's just the best.

He is, the Seductress moaned as I quivered through my pleasure. 

My orgasm washed through me. One last wave of delight before I was panting and pulling the dildo out of her pussy. I quivered here, this dizzy wave washing through me. I felt so amazing. I fell onto my back, the dildo just so awesome.

Wonderful, the Seductress purred, bringing a smile to my lips. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

I really don't know what happened, Mom said as the other maids were stripping naked. Kylie was eager to be the first to fuck the Seductress. I just... felt so at peace. She needed me, and I responded. I don't know why.

She put the whammy on you, I said, pulling her to me as we reclined on the pillows. Are you okay?

She didn't harm me. Mom blushed. She... pleasured me and drank from my breasts a lot. I was... in a daze. Like I had just been given drugs before surgery. Loopy.

That's it? I asked her, staring into her eyes.

That's it. She pressed against me. I'm fine. I'm so sorry, though, that all this mess happen. I don't know how this could have happened.

Cali said you just... were susceptible to it. Maybe something happened that caused you to be more open. Do you remember anything? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Maria Hayward

Cali kissed...

The memory teased the back of my mind. Cali kissing. Why did that rise up in me? She had kissed my son and other maids. I don't know why that would pop up in my thoughts right now. As for what could have caused me to be susceptible.

I don't really remember going to the statue, I told my Master. My son watched me with concerned eyes. Truly. I just remember cleaning her and... I think that must have been when she grabbed me. I didn't even notice it. Just thought I was daydreaming and let my mind wander for a bit. I'm sorry.

It's okay, he said, pulling me onto him. I straddled him, my breasts rubbing into his chest. We thwarted her. Captured her. He grimaced. We're going to have to keep an eye on her for the rest of our lives. 

But you can handle it, I purred, because you have us.

I kissed my son. My bush rubbed into his cock. He groaned as our lips worked together. I savored the flavor of his kiss. It was exciting to kiss my Master-Son. He was just such an amazing young man. I was so glad to be his mother.

And his lover.

I broke the kiss and purred, We need to have more daughters. We need eight more.

Yeah, he said. You sure?

I want nothing more than to feel my Master sliding back where he belongs. I smiled. In his Mommy-Maid's pussy.

A boyish grin split my son's face. I do need that. God, you really are okay?

Yes. I smiled at him. You're going to kill the mood, Master. Your sexy, busty mother wants to make love to you, and you're killing the naughty vibes. I slid my furred muff up his cock, tickling him with my pubic hair. I found the tip of his cock. Don't you want to make a baby in your sexy Mommy?

God, yes, he groaned as I pushed back and swallowed his cock.

I shuddered on him as my pussy worked down and down his dick. I took more and more of him. I savored the incestuous rush of taking more and more of his cock. It was a fantastic delight to swallow every bit of him. 

I quivered in delight, reveling in being filled by him. I kissed my son. My Master. He groaned, his cock throbbing in me. He owned me body and soul. I trembled as I squeezed my twat around him, glorying in having him back in me. He belonged in me.

With a groan, he rolled us over onto my back. He was on top of me, his strength on me. He felt so much like his father. I stroked his back, my hands working up and down him as he drew back his cock. I whimpered into the kiss.

His cock felt incredible in me. Fantastic.

He thrust back to the hilt in my snatch. He buried deep and hard into my twat. I loved him ramming into me. He fucked into my snatch with force. He plowed into me with such passion. He fucked me with force. 

I loved how he pumped away at me. He buried his cock into my snatch over and over again. I loved that. I squeezed my twat around his dick. I reveled in the delight of him fucking me. It was a fantastic rush.

I broke the kiss and gasped, Master!

Yes, yes, Mom! he groaned, thrusting his cock into my pussy. He pounded me hard. Oh, Mom!

Make another daughter in me! she gasped, her pussy clenching down around my cock. Oh, yes, yes, pump that big dick into my snatch. That's just amazing.

He fucked hard into me. He buried to the hilt in my snatch. I squeezed around him, eager to have his next daughter. I shuddered at how wonderful it felt to have him plunging into me. I gripped him with my snatch.

It was a wonderful delight to have all that pleasure swelling in me. He thrust over and over into my snatch. I reveled in it. I loved that delight. I pumped away at that hot pussy. I shuddered with each plunge into her snatch.

Fuck, he groaned. Oh, fuck, that's good. That's just incredible, Mom!

Mmm, it is, I cooed as he fucked me hard. He thrust deep and hard into my pussy. Oh, that's just wonderful, Master!

My pussy clenched down on him as the pleasure swelled and swelled with his every thrust into my cunt. He churned me up with that magnificent cock. I groaned, rising and rising toward my orgasm. The pleasure grew and grew as he fucked me. He pounded into my snatch hard.

His nuts slammed into my taint. It was wonderful having him fuck me like that. He pounded me with such wonderful force. He churned up my pussy, ringing me closer and closer to bursting. I was so ready to just explode with delight. I just wanted to cum so hard on my son's dick.

Yes, yes, yes, I whimpered as he drove into me again and again. Oh, Master, that's just good.

I know, he groaned, his dick burying into me. Let me feel you going wild, Mom!

Yes! I gasped as I clawed his back.

I whimpered as he drove his cock over and over into my pussy. I hurtled closer and closer to being bred by my amazing sun. I just wanted all his jizz in me. I craved it. I clamped my twat down on his cock as he plowed to the hilt in me.

He came for me. He saved me from the Seductress. I loved that so much. He plowed his cock deep and hard into my cunt. He buried into me with force. It was an incredible moment. I shuddered beneath him, gripping him with my snatch.

My body quivered as he plowed deep and hard into me. I shuddered at how wonderful that felt. It was fantastic. I loved it so much. My orgasm burst through me. The pleasure swept through my body and rushed out of me.

My cunt convulsed around his dick. I massaged him as he buried into me. My twat loved him as I quivered in delight. Stars burst across my vision as the waves of incestuous delight washed through me. It was an incredible delight to have all this bliss flooding me.

I loved every second of it. I savored all this delight spilling through me. 

My son slammed to the hilt in me and groaned, Mom!

He buried into me and erupted. All his cum pumped into my snatch. He filled me up with his jizz. It was a rush to have all that spunk splashing against my cervix and flooding into my womb. I felt that miracle happen. His sperm found my egg.

We created another daughter as we quivered through our shared ecstasy. The forbidden delight washed through me. I loved every moment of this bliss sweeping through me as he grunted, filling me with more of his jizz.

Mother, he groaned and pressed his face into my neck.

Mmm, I purred, stroking him. That was wonderful, Master. We made another daughter. Another maid to serve the Hayward family.

Yeah, he whispered. Fuck.

I closed my eyes as he pushed between my breasts, his cock sliding out of my pussy. He rubbed his face against the inner slopes of my bountiful tits. Then he slid up one and latched on. He suckled as his cum filled me up. I hummed as I nursed my son.

It was such a magical moment to feel him gulping down my breast milk. He swallowed every drop of it he could. He drank it all down while I just savored this wonderful moment with my son. He had come to my rescue. He had conquered the Seductress.

Now we could go home. Leave this madness behind and be a family again. Clean the mansion, stop the evil, and be happy. I felt so good right now. I could just lie here forever with my son nursing at me, his cum dribbling out of my pussy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nancy Heres

I shuddered as I finished cumming on my daughter's mouth. Izzy licked at me with that tongue. I stared at Kylie as she pulled the golden dildo out of the seductress. Anger swelled in me. That monster took my sister. And now she just laid there, a smile on her lips.

She thought this would be a comfortable life after what she had done. She had nearly wiped out the harem. She had almost caused us all to die. I ground my shaved cunt on my daughter's face. And on top of that, the creature took my big sister's appearance.

I thrust out my hand. A burning lash appeared in it. I rose. There was a monster that needed to be disciplined. I crossed the room, stepping over Sister Martha Ruth tribbing with Ms. Docea, both of them gasping and groaning.

Kylie glanced at me. What's the lash for, Aunt Nancy?

There's a demon that needs to be punished, I said, staring down at that creature, a big smile spreading on my lips.

The Seductress stared at up at me with those black eyes. Such insolence burned in them. Her smile grew. She didn't think I could hurt her. She thought I was bluffing. She even wiggled her rump, taunting me to whip her ass.

Oh, I would enjoy this.

To be continued...
