Hidden Video
by yellowjacket66

Couple finds video they weren't supposed to see.

My wife and I were vacationing at her sister's condo at the ocean-front. Her younger sister Beth was married to an investment banker named Kyle and they had bought this condo and they rented it out all season. During the off-season they usually took a week with all the family. This year my wife and I had to come down the week after because of a work conflict I had.

We enjoyed the first few days there, walking on the beach, going to the shops in the nearby village, sleeping late and enjoying our time together. On Thursday, it started raining and we were stuck in the house all day. We worked on a puzzle and read, but were still a little bored. They had a nice theater set up in one of the rooms so I decided to see if there were any movies to watch. Rather than fool with Netflix, I looked around the condo for DVDs that they might have. There were a number of videos and I chose a movie that I had seen many years before. I went to put it in the DVD player. When the disc holder came out, there was already a disc in the slot. I looked at it and it just had the label "home movie". I thought it might be an old video of my wife and her family, so I slid it back in and pushed play.

What I saw immediately got my attention. Little sister Beth was in a flimsy negligee and was walking around in front of the camera. The video clearly showed her breasts and the dark triangle between her legs under the thin material. "Holy shit." I thought. I'd found a porno of my wife's little sister.

I called my wife to come and see what I had found.

She walked in and watched a few seconds of the movie. There was some lame plot about a home brake-in where the burglar, played by Beth's husband Kyle, was going to strip and screw the innocent housewife. Pretty soon, Kyle was naked and pushed Beth to her knees. When she started to suck on her husband's cock, my wife said, "We shouldn't be watching this. It's private and personal. Turn it off."

"In a minute." I said. "I want to see your little sister naked first."

My wife said, "That's disgusting. Turn it off."

Then the video focused in on Kyle's cock as he put it in his wife's mouth. I let the video run and my wife ceased her objections. We watched as the cute little sister gave a deep throat blow-job to her husband.

My wife said, "I used to wonder what Kyle would look like naked."

"Did you think about seeing his cock?" I asked.

She nodded and said, "I got my self off a couple of times thinking about him."

"Thinking about him doing what?"

"Fucking me." She said. Kyle and Beth had dated for a long time and were married before we were, so my wife knew him for some time before I met her.

As her sister sucked on his cock, I asked, "Did you think about sucking his cock?"

My wife nodded and said, "He does have a nice dick, doesn't he?"

I said, "I'm no expert. Does it look bigger than mine?"

"Maybe it's bigger around, but size doesn't matter." She said.

"Right," I said as Kyle tore off Beth's night gown and carried her to the bed. There was a good view of Beth's body. She was beautiful, with nice tits, a flat stomach with a sexy belly-button, and a brown bush over her slit of a vagina.

As we looked at her naked sister, my wife wanted to turn away, but couldn't resist seeing what happened next. "I'll bet you're thrilled seeing Beth naked?" She said.

'Yes. She has a nice body. She looks a lot like you. She's hot."

As Kyle threw her on the bed and went down on her, eating her pussy, I pulled my dick out and began to rub it. My wife saw and asked, "Would you like to be the one eating her pussy?"

"I sure would." I said. I asked, "Would you like to have Kyle eat your cunt?"

She said, "Yes. I'd like you to watch him eat me." She reached into her pants and began to rub herself. I pulled her jeans down and she continued to finger herself under her panties. I took off her shirt and bra and played with her tits as we watched the video.

"I wonder who is taking the video." My wife asked. We got the answer when her husband walked toward the camera and another man came into the picture. He was buck naked and proceeded to eat Kyle's wife's pussy while Kyle took some close-ups. The sight of Beth's wide-open crotch was exciting and my dick got harder. "Maybe we could get you in a threesome with Kyle and me."

My wife had her fingers inside her cunt and began to fuck herself more rapidly. "He could fuck me while you take movies." She said. "You could have sloppy seconds in my sloppy cunt. Would you like that?"

I showed my enthusiasm when I pulled my wife's panties off and put my face in her crotch and licked her dripping wet vagina. She straddled my face and humped me as she continued to watch her little sister perform. "Pretend you are eating my sister and I'll pretend Kyle is eating me." My wife said as she unleashed an orgasm of juices onto my face.

Beth was now getting fucked by the other guy in the video. "You'd like to fuck my little sister, wouldn't you?" she asked.

I responded, "I'd stick my cock inside her and make her squeal. I wonder if she tastes as good as you. I wonder if her cunt is tighter."

"I doubt it. She's been fucking Kyle for years." My wife said. "She a little slut. I'll bet many men have been inside her sweet little cunt."

"Maybe she'd let me get in there too." I said as I stuck my cock in my wife's sopping wet vagina.

My wife continued to get hot. "I wonder if Kyle fucks her up the ass like you do me. I'd like to see him split her little asshole open."

On the screen Beth had the other guy's cock in her cunt while her husband fucked her mouth. I encouraged my wife, "I'd like to see you suck his cock. He'd push it all the way down your throat and come in your stomach. He'd treat you like a whore, fucking all your holes." My wife continued to come.

When they rolled Beth onto her stomach the camera zoomed in for a close-up of the other man's cock pushing against her asshole. My wife got on her hands and knees and I entered her from behind. I stood up and pounded my cock into her as she watched her sister fuck some stranger. The guy's cock slid deeper and deeper into Beth's ass while her husband filmed it. It was raw, hard-core sex and it turned my wife on like I'd never seen. She shouted for me to fuck her harder and harder. I pulled my cock out of her cunt and rammed it into her ass. She shrieked and moaned with pleasure. "Kyle is fucking your asshole while I watch." I shouted.

My wife pushed back and almost screamed, "That's it, Kyle, fuck me up the ass like I've always wanted you to."

I poured a big load of semen into my wife's ass as her cunt let loose with a gusher of liquid. As I fell off her to the floor, she climbed onto of me and pushed her pussy into my face. "Eat me. Eat another man's cum out of me. Lick his cum out of my ass." She slid forward and put her asshole on my mouth so I could lick her. She tensed and let loose a gusher of semen from her ass and a flood of her come from inside her. My face was covered in our juices. I'd never eaten her after fucking her before. She shook and tensed into an all-consuming orgasm. Then she collapsed.

We laid there as we watched the movie come to a conclusion with Kyle licking the other man's cum from his wife's pussy. Just like I had done.

The action on the disc paused for a minute and then another movie started. I turned it off, saving it for later and other session with my wife.

As we regained our strength, my wife said, "That was amazing. We've never had sex like that before."

I said, "There's another movie on the disc to watch for tomorrow night."

She said, "I feel like I'm a pervert or voyeur watching my little sister having sex. It was dirty watching her take it up the ass from some other man. But, god, it was hot. Are we bad for watching it?"

I answered, "No. Maybe they left it here for us to watch. Who knows, should we let them know we saw it?"

I said, "I don't know. Maybe they'd let us join in. You'd like to get fucked by your brother-in-law, wouldn't you?"

She said, "I've wanted to fuck him since she brought him home. How about you? You'd like to fuck my little sister, wouldn't you?"

I said, "I'd just like to compare her to you, to see if she tastes the same, if her cunt feels any different."

As we got dressed, my wife noticed on her phone, "Beth says she'll be coming by tomorrow.

I said, "See, I'll bet she left the video here and is coming down for a threesome."

My wife said, "She forgot something. I wonder what it is? We might not get to see any more of the movies."

"Not if I make a copy first." I said as I went to get my laptop.
