Cam wakes first in the morning, showering and allowing Vala to sleep in while he orders up breakfast. Room service prices are outrageous but it's ridiculous to see Vala's expression when she wakes to the smell of omelets and sees the fresh fruit and juice laid out on the tray.

After they've eaten, he lets her look over the list of things the hotel offers and then encourages her to do whatever she wants. The weekend is about spending time together, but he's aware that Vala probably wouldn't find the driving range that interesting, and he doesn't particularly want to take advantage of the spa services, either.

They arrange to meet back in a couple of hours, and he heads out for a bit of golf.

*

Vala squirms back on the table, her eyes rolling back as Hans pushes down harder. "Ooh, yeah, right there," Vala moans, biting down on her bottom lip. She pants softly, letting out another loud, lewd groan as Hans hits just the right spot.

Cam's had his fun on the range and headed back to the hotel room to call and check in with the base before he and Vala have lunch. His walk back takes him near the spa, and he has to stop when he hears a very familiar sound...

"Oooh yes," Vala groans again. She pushes back slightly against Hans and wriggles her body again. She pants and whines softly as Hans' hands go up and down her body.

"You're being too soft again," she chastises him, her breathing coming out in gasps and pants. "Come on, I told you to give it to me harder."

Cam frowns and a surge of cold dread washes over him. He definitely knows that noise - it's almost exactly the same sort of sound he heard last night coming out of Vala's mouth.

He's sure he's not supposed to, but he stops and rounds a corner. There's no one at the little desk up front so he just keeps walking closer to the source of the moaning.

Vala writhes gleefully on top of the massage table as Hans attempts to continue giving her a massage, despite the wiggling. She's naked except for the towel covering her butt but Hans' face is stoic and he seems unaffected by Vala's lewd noises.

Cam stops in front of the door. It's not closed and he's never been one to shy away from something... he just has to know. He looks in, almost expecting to find her naked, doing... well, the kinds of things that she'd done with him the night before that caused her to make those noises.

He almost laughs in relief when he sees that she's getting a massage. It is, however, a massage she seems to be enjoying very, very much.

Vala's eyes are closed as Hans does as instructed and applies more pressure to her back. There are dozens of knots from the stress of carrying plates of dishes back and forth to tables for the past few months and it feels like bliss to have Hans work them all out of her back.

Her eyes open as he finishes a knot and she sags in relaxation, her eyes finding Cam's and their gazes connecting. She grins as soon as she sees him.

Now that he's pretty sure the big dude isn't actually feeling up his girlfriend for anything other than processional reasons, Cam realizes that he's actually kind of enjoying this.

For a minute when Hans realizes he's there, he looks rather unhappy. Then Vala lifts her hand and waves and he seems to realize that Cam isn't just some random perv scoping out naked massage clients, and goes back to looking resolutely distanced from the entire thing.

"Having fun?" Cam asks, leaning in the doorway.

"Mmhm," Vala murmurs, nodding her head. She folds her arms up and lays her head down on top of them, still able to watch Cam as Hans moves down to her calves. "Have fun hitting balls with sticks?"

"Oh, yeah. Lot of fun," he says, but he's entirely distracted by all of the exposed skin, and the way her pressed close together on the table, enhancing her cleavage.

Vala knows right where he's looking and she takes a moment to show off for him. Her skin is rubbed down with oil and slick and shining in the low light of the massage room. She can tell as Cam's eyes travel down her body and his pupils dilate, his nostrils flaring with arousal.

“You think you'll be ready for lunch after this?" He asks, just wanting to hear her talk again, trying to find some excuse to not leave just yet. He wants to stay and watch as long as he can.

He finds himself wishing that he could just take over for the guy, get his hands all over her like this.

"Mm, perhaps." With the way Cam is looking at her right now, lunch is the furthest thing from her mind. She looks back at Hans who has begun her other leg, knowing that he can't have much more to do.

"What did you have in mind darling?" She asks him, wanting to keep him there in front of her. An audience that she can preform for.

"Uh..." It takes him a second to remember the question. He jams his hands into his pocket, then moves again, crossing them over his chest. "They have a little cafe here, we could try that. Save going all the way out for dinner..."

He might have ulterior motives in wanting to stay close to their room.

Vala's eyes zero in on his crotch, noticing how his khaki's are growing tighter and tighter across the bulge there. She licks her lips slowly, murmuring a distracted, "Yeah," to Cam.

She shifts again and he can see her nipples now, hard and gleaming on the table. He reaches up and rubs his thumb across his bottom lip. He's pretty sure she can see exactly what he's thinking, and while he'd prefer Hans not be there it's not really going to stop him from appreciating the view.

Vala bites down on her bottom lip and moves a bit, her towel sliding down her body as she squirms a bit and gives Cam another view of her body.

He grins, realizing that she's doing it on purpose, playing with him. "Having a little wardrobe malfunction there..."

She looks back at the falling towel and just grins at him. "Hm, suppose I am," she agrees.

"That's, uh... unfortunate," he says, making it obvious that he finds it anything but with his tone of voice. "Very unfortunate."

Vala snorts and grins up at him. She can tell how "unfortunate" he finds it.

Hans is about to start all in on her feet when Vala sits up suddenly, smiling over at him. "I feel great Hans, thank you," she says, giving him a patented Vala beam. Hans pauses for a second and gives her a tiny nod. "Really appreciate your, ah, handiwork."

"You ah welcome. I will leave you to dress then, yes?" Hans says in slightly stilted, accented english. He gives Vala a smile and another short bow and leaves.

He steps aside - into the room, not out of it - when Hans walks by, and then grins over at Vala and makes sure the door his shut behind him. "Need a little help dressing?"

Vala takes the towel and drops it onto the floor. She looks over at Cam and smirks as she climbs slowly down off of the table.

He takes a few steps forward, closer to her, holding out a hand. "Awfully slippery. Don't want you to fall..."

She chuckles and grins and takes his hand in hers. "Why, thank you..."

He draws her in close, but not quite close enough to touch completely, but enough to drag a fingertip down her arm to feel the slickness of her skin. "You're all... oily."

"And slick and all wet," Vala whispers quietly, giving Cam a look. She smirks and steps away from him watching him as she opens the door at the back of the room that leads to the private steam room she has use of.

He has no idea where she's going, but he follows her anyway. The steam hits him and he hesitates before walking in. "Now, I think you've got the right wardrobe for this, but I might be a little overdressed."

“Take your clothes off Cam," Vala instructs, her voice low as she sits back on a ledge, her legs opening up.

He has no interest in a striptease, just gets undressed quickly and with purpose. He steps out of his shoes first then pulls his shirt over his head and shoves his pants down. There's an obvious bulge in his boxer briefs, and he pulls the elastic out carefully around it and then steps out of them. The clothes go on the chair outside of the door and he quickly shuts it behind them, giving them some privacy.

Vala had no idea that a massage could make her this horny but right now she needs it so badly. She reaches out and grabs Cam, pulling him close to her so she can rub her body up against his.

He sits down and pulls her onto his lap, just wanting her body against his, feeling the oil smear and spread over his skin now, his mouth finding hers and crashing hard against it in a bruising, impatient kiss. "Vala..." His hands cup her ass, jerking her forward against his cock.

She whimpers into his mouth and kisses him back. Reaching out, she grabs Cam's hand and pulls it over to her ass and placing it there.

He squeezes obligingly. "I want you," he says, a hard edge to his voice. "But I don't have any protection."

She groans and pushes into his body. "You can..." She says softly, trailing off as she takes the hand he has on her ass and pulls it down slightly to her hole.

"I can what?" Cam says, because his brain isn't firing on all cylinders and it takes her moving his hand for it to really click. "I... uh..."

He isn't even sure what to say. It's not something he's ever done with a woman before, because he's never quite been comfortable enough to ask.

Vala gasps and pushes her ass back into his hands. She wants it and she's so turned on right now. Her entire body is relaxed and receptive and it won't take too much preperation from Cam to get her ready. "I want it," she says, her voice low and gravely. "Cam...."

"Are you sure? I can-oh, fuck," he breaks off with a ragged groan when she presses down against his finger and the tip slides into her. They've done this before, just this much, and since then he's definitely imagined more than his finger inside of her there, but...

The idea that she wants it too, this badly, it turns him on so much. He adds a second finger, going slowly but steadily, because if there's one thing he's learned about her it's that she's not a fan of patience.

Two fingers buried in her ass and he kisses her again, lets her get used to that much before anything else.

But Vala isn't very patient right now and she quickly begins to ride back on his fingers, growling softly. "Come on Cam, I can take it," she groans, squeezing her ass around his fingers. "I can take more. Know you want to give it to me don't you? Want to give me your cock right there.... Mmm, yeah you do. I can tell."

She squeezes and his mind whites out. He needs to have his cock inside of her, right there, now.

She's not quite ready though. He fucks her with his fingers, adds in a third, and that's all she'll get because his own patience is wearing thin too.

"I do," he says, his cock jerking between them, precome welling out of the tip and dripping down his shaft, then adding to the sheen on her skin when she presses in against him. "Touch me. Fuck, touch my dick, Vala."

“Sure you won't go off in my hand?" She taunts as she grabs his dick in her hand and squeezes him while riding back on the fingers in her ass. She wants more and he's going slow and she resorts to taunting him to get him moving and fucking her.

"I think I can handle myself." He grins back at her, enjoying the play. "But I'm worried about you. Sure this isn't too much for you? Not gonna... hurt you?"

He smirks and looks down at her hand wrapped around him.

Vala looks down at the cock in her hand and then back up at his face. "Cam, I need you to fuck me," she says seriously.

He nods jerkily, taking his fingers out of her and grabbing his cock, taking over her for while she positions herself. "”Wait,” he says, at the last minute, his mind winning out over his lust. “Vala, I don’t want to hurt you, just... we need something...”

She looks frustrated, but he’s determined.

“Fine,” she says, a grin lighting up her face and he starts to ask what but she’s repositioning him and dropping down before he can say anything.

A wordless, surprised sound escapes him. He’s in her, in her pussy, and it barely registers before she’s moving off .

“Problem solved,” she says, pulling back off of him. His cock is gleaming and slick from her wetness, something to surely ease the way enough.

He laughs breathlessly. “Shit. That was... I don’t even know.”

“I do,” she says, and whines and squirms. “Please.”

“Yeah,” he agrees. “Ride me."

Vala nods and grabs onto the ledge and pushes back against Cam, taking his cock up into her ass. She groans, low and deep as she feels him stretch her, making it burn but feeling so good. "Fuck yes..." she whines and pushes back harder.

The last time Cam had sex with someone without a condom he was in college and drunk and dumb and barely remembers it. This... he's pretty sure he'll never forget how this feels. It all seems magnified, so intense, and he's not sure if he's really feeling it or just knowing makes it better, skin on skin instead of latex between them.

It's tighter, too; so much tighter and she grips him like she's done this before, which isn't a surprise at all, and he enjoys it. She knows her limits and she knows what feels good to her and that means he can relax a little and just... fuck her.

Vala whines softly and reaches back to take one of Cam's hands in hers. She's done this but it has been awhile but like every good sex position, its like riding a bike. She gives Cam's hand a squeeze, something to reassure both of them as she leans back and opens her legs up and slides herself back down on his cock.

The steam in the room is helping, making everything slick and wet, easy to move and slide up and against.

"You are... you feel... so good..." Cam mumbles, gripping her hand, feet on the ground moving his hips slowly because he can't stay still anymore.

"Not too bad yourself," she pants, grinning to herself. "Come on Cam. I know you got more in you than that..."

He nods and starts to move harder, but he's limited because she's on top. "Move," he says, grinning. "You talk a big game, show me what you got. Ride my cock, Vala."

She chuckles and does so, giving Cam one hell of a ride. She pushes back on him and swivels her hips, rolling them in a circle before sliding up and then back down on his cock. She tightens herself around him, letting his cock feel how tight she is.

He watches her face while she fucks herself on him and he wants to add to it, wants to give her something back.

He slides a hand between them and cups her pussy, groaning at how wet she is. He teases her lips and then slips two fingers into her. "Shit, I can feel me in you... can you feel that?"

She squeals and gasps, squirming on top of him as he adds a finger into her pussy. "Oh... Oh fuck," she whines.

He can do more with his fingers at this point, and getting her off distracting him from the overwhelming need to come. He circles her clit, teasing her, rubbing his fingers against the thin wall inside of her that seperates them from his cock, feeling that fluttery pressure translating.

Vala squirms again on top of him, both to get away from that equisite pressure as well as to push down on it. It hurts and it feels good and she doesn't know which to do right now. Panting, Vala lets her head fall back onto Cam's shoulder as she gives in and lets her body ride against his fingers.

He looks back and forth between his fingers disappearing inside of her cunt and her face, the wide-eyed pleasure he can see there. "Filling you up," he says. "I'm in you, as close as I can be, and you love it, don't you?"

She groans and nods. RIght now Vala's mind is so far gone and focused on Cam's fingers and his cock, she can not form any words.

"You gonna come? You feel so tight, I want to feel you come all over me... on my fingers... on my dick," he says. "Look at me, Vala. Look at me when you come."

His mouth drops open and he's sure the look on his face is anything but attractive. He holds off though, waits until she's done completely, and he's still hard inside of her, hanging on to a bit of willpower and restraint. He wants her to feel it when he comes inside of her.

Reaching back, Vala grabs a hand in hers and squeezes her fingers around his as she shudders through the aftershocks. "Fuck.... Fuck Cam," she whimpers. Her body is still moving, undulating with each of his thrusts. "Do it Cam, do it..."

He takes her other hand too, holding them both and locking their fingers together, leaning forward and bucking up into her. It doesn't take much to start, a slow burn and not the crashing he'd expected, and once it starts he doesn't even move much - just lets it wash over him, coming thickly inside of her body. He pulls her close to him tightly, pressing his face against her neck and crying out.

She shudders and jerks against him as she feels his cock empty inside her. By the time he's done, her body is slumped back against his, exhausted from the whole thing. She whimpers softly and turns her head to nuzzle into the side of his forehead.

He can't even think of moving right now, can't do anything but focus on getting air into his lungs and the grip of Vala's body on him as he softens.

"You alright?" She asks him quietly, pressing her lips to his skin.

"No," he says with a shaky laugh. "I think you killed me, honey."

"That would be really sad, indeed," Vala whispers. She pulls away from him, his spent cock slipping out of her body. She winces slightly but turns so she can face Cam.

"You okay?" He asks, concern evident in his voice.

Vala nods slowly and wraps her arms around him. "I'll be a little sore later but I'm good. More than good right now actually."

He kisses her on the cheek. "I'll just have to take extra good care of you, then. That sound okay? You think you can live with that?"

"Another massage?" She asks hopefully.

"Well, I can ask big hulky dude if he's free later on, but I was hoping we could just keep it us..." He teases her.

"Well, I was hoping it would be you..." She says, grinning and leaning in to kiss him.

He gets to his feet and then pulls her closer for another hug, laughing at how their skin slides together with no friction. "I think we need a shower."

"A shower is definitely in order," Vala agrees, leaning in to kiss him softly. Her stomach growls suddenly, interrupting them. "Mm, and then lunch!"

He laughs at the sound her stomach makes. "Okay, now I know you're okay."

*

They shower together, a first for them, but Vala's hungry and despite how sexy Vala looks dripping water, Cam's down for the count for at least the length of time it'll take them to eat.

They head down to the hotel cafe and enjoy lunch, making small talk about mornings - Vala doesn't seem to know much at all about golf, so Cam launches into a length explanation that he realizes halfway through is probably boring her to death.

She leans forward, her elbow on the cafe table and her chin on her fist. "Will you take me shopping?" She asks him bluntly.

"I did promise you that, now didn't I..." He pretends to be thinking it over, but he can tell from her growing excitement that she knows it’s a done deal already. "Yeah, I guess so. Not like we have anything else to do here."

He gives her a big smile when he says it. He's really enjoying not having anything else to do. The world can just hold off on needing to be saved for the next 24 hours.

She actually jumps up to her feet, clapping her hands. "Yay!" She says excitedly. "Let's go!" She grabs his arm and tugs on him, trying to hurry him along.

He laughs and reaches down to take her hand. "What are we going shopping for, then?"

The hotel is situation near enough to a little shopping area that they don't need to worry with getting his car.

"Mm, anything. Everything," she responds, swinging their hands as they step out into the sunlight.

"Little more specific?" He prods.

“I like clothes. And shiny objects. And anything that is loud and or goes fast," she says, trying to narrow things down for him. "Oh and shoes. Oddly, I have found I have a rather odd obsession with shoes."

He considers the options she's laying out for him. "I'm not sure how my budget could handle loud and fast, but clothes and shoes... maybe..."

"Ooh, clothes and shoes," she nods and begins to look around her at the stores that line the street. She notices a lot of couples walking by, arm and arm, both laden with bags. "So, I just... pick anywhere to go, then?"

"That's how it works," he says. "So I'm told. I can't remember the last time I went shopping... I need something new, I walk in get it, walk out. That's how a guy does it."

He's teasing her, and maybe baiting her a little bit.

"I need... a lot of new," Vala says. She quickly becomes distracted by a pair of boots in a shop window, pausing for a moment to actually look them over.

He looks at the boots, trying to determine what about them is putting that absolutely wanting expression on her face. "So... this is what the exotic Vala looks like in her natural habitat..."

Vala is pulled out of her reverie and into the present. She blinks and looks over at Cam as if surprised he is still there. "Oh, um, what?"

"Would you like to go in the store and see if they'll let you actually touch them?" He says, tugging her toward the entrance.

"Ooh, touching them," Vala laughs. "Think I may even be able to put them on?" She follows Cam inside and over back towards the boots in the window. Reaching out she runs a finger down the outside, petting the soft, supple leather.

"Maybe... if you're good," he says. He can't help but admire them now that he's watching her so close to them, not through the glass. "You'd look hot in those."

She turns her head and beams back at him. "Of course I would darling. I look good in anything I wear, its just a fact."

A sales girl approaches them, giving Cam a bright smile but focusing all of her attention right at Vala. "Can I help you find anything today, ma'am?"

These," Vala says, pointing to the boots. "Size 9. You think you have any in stock?"

"I can check for you, absolutely." The sales girl gives Vala a bright smile and walks off to check the inventory in the back. Vala turns her attention towards the other rows of shoes now that she knows she'll be able to check the boots out closer.

Cam takes a seat on one of the chairs conveniently strewn about the store at random intervals. He grins at Vala when she glances over questioningly and just nods at her to continue.

It's a very weird thing to find interesting, but he kind of likes this sort of cliche.

Vala wanders around the store and gathers a few more shoes into her arms, picking up spiked heels and dainty sandals at random intervals. When the sales girl comes back with the boots, Vala has quite a list of other shoes she wants to try on as well.

Bouncing, she sits herself down and grabs at the box with the boots. Inside they gleam and she's eager to pull one out and pull it on. They fit like a glove, the leather hugging her calves and making her legs look even longer than possible.

Cam gets bored after a few minutes and goes to find her. She's sitting in the middle of a massive pile of boxes, a look of absolute relish on her face. "You look like a kid on Christmas," he says, laughing.

"A kid on what?" She asks, looking up at him from among her pile of strappy things and spiky kitten heels.

“Christmas," he says, sitting down on the arm of the chair that she's in. "It's cute."

She blinks and stares at him, still not knowing what he's saying but by the confused face he's getting she's beginning to think she should know.

"Oh, right, Christmas! Duh," she says, shaking her head and playing it off. "What do you think of these?" She asks, showing him her feet in the pink high heels.

The arm of the chair isn't too comfortable so he finds a better position. He lowers himself onto the floor and then pulls her foot into his lap, fingering along the strap, his thumbnail scraping the delicate skin of her ankle. "I like them."

“Yeah? You do?" She flexes her foot so her toes are pointing into his crotch just a bit. She grins evilly and rotates her ankle, teasing him now.

He jumps, not entirely comfortable with such a point heel so close to such sensitive parts.... at least when she looks so devious. "Careful there," he warns.

She tuts and slowly pulls her foot back. "I wouldn't damage anything," she chides. Pulling the heels off, Vala puts on a pair of strappy sandals but quickly vetoes them, tanking them off and dropping them in the box. "Any you see you like?"

"Uh huh," he says, and puts his hand on her knee, curving his fingers along the underside just to feel her silky skin.

"So then," Vala bounces up off the floor and into his lap. "The boots and those heels then, yes?"

"Sounds good to me," he says, letting her ankle out of his grasp and getting to his feet. He holds a hand down to her to help her up, too.

She takes the hand and then bends over to pick up the shoes she wants before handing them over to Cam with a huge, beaming grin.

He carries them to the checkout counter and pays. It's worth it just for the way she's standing there bouncing, happiness radiating off of her. He hands her the bags once they're outside.

She throws her arms around his neck and kisses him in the middle of the sidewalk outside. She doesn't care if anyone watches them, she's too busy kissing Cam.

He kisses her back, ignoring the laughter and one very amused catcall that they get. He's grinning when he pulls back, pressing a brief kiss to the top of her head. "What did I do to deserve that?"

He might have some idea but he's not opposed to hearing her say it.

"I really like shoes," she whispers softly as if telling him a secret. She winks at him and grabs his hand in hers, her bags in the other, as they continue back down the sidewalk.