The woman in her late 30s tried valiantly to ignore the rising voice from her boss' office, but it was becoming difficult considering the altercation had been going on for more than 10 minutes.
"Will it ever end?" she whispered.
Sometimes her boss irritated a few employees who verbally expressed their unhappiness in her office. But in her 10 years of working here she, had to admit this particular altercation was recurrent. Inside the office was a very upset brunette staring at the source of her anger. Luna couldn't believe this admittedly infuriating woman had pushed her buttons to the point of explosion.
They'd been going on and off for months already.
Luna knew she was mostly good at controlling her emotions, she hardly raised her voice when in disagreement with anyone, but ever since she'd started working here, confronting her CEO never failed to lead to an emotional outburst.
"Miss Beaumont, let me say it again."
Luna, spoke in a somewhat controlled voice. She hadn't meant to lose her temper earlier, but this woman was bringing out the worst of her today.
"It took me 2 weeks of research to come up with these figures."
She paused to see if her oppressor would consider that. Nope. She didn't so she proceeded.
"As you surely know, I have a master's in advanced economics and finance with 3 years of work experience. I hardly get my statistics wrong. I checked the results twice before presenting them to you. There is no way my analysis is wrong."
She finished a little bitterly, she couldn't help it. She hated when her intelligence was questioned, especially when she knew her forecast was right.
The dark-haired woman who sat behind the desk calmly perused the papers in her hand, a ghost of a frown on her face. She flipped to the next page and inspected the results. Her mouth twitched.
"Well, this won't work," She finally said, dropping the papers dismissively on the table. "I want you to re-evaluate these figures and send the result by tomorrow evening."
Luna's nose flared, she was close to losing it again.
"Look, I already told you these are the final results. There is no alternative here. If I take the report home, I am sure to send you the same data, this is pointless."
Valerie Beaumont leaned back on her chair and studied the brunette standing rigidly in front of her. Luna Adam's usual porcelain skin was currently flushed from frustration, Valerie guessed, and her medium curly hair was held in a ponytail. Valerie knew Luna held her hair that way every time she worked long hours. She'd overworked her again.
Valerie's gaze went lower. Luna wore a form-fitting black business skirt and a white shirt, though neat, it was now carelessly worn, betraying the late time of the day. Nevertheless, Valerie thought she was stunning. Looking at her never failed to stir something primal in her. Letting her gaze back up, Valerie was met with angry aqua eyes staring back at her.
"Fine, I will give the task to another specialist since you can't bring the result I demand." She said in that snobbish way she knew never failed to irritate Luna.
"I thought you were fit for this but I guess I was wrong" She added.
Luna's anger unleashed and her voice rose again "Do you know how hard I work to satisfy your demands? The endless hours? You don't give a shit, do you?"
Valerie felt a twinge of guilt but opted for violence. She looked at Luna with a superior gaze.
"That's why I pay you huge sums of money. Take it or leave it."
That was it for Luna. She won't be ridiculed and pushed around in the name of money. She was tired of this vicious cycle and talking to Valerie seemed pointless.
"You can kiss my ass with that," Luna hissed. "The HR will have my 2 weeks' notice by tomorrow morning. Good luck with your project."
Without waiting for an answer Luna stormed out of the office. She glanced at Barbara, The sweet-faced woman in her early forties who looked at her apologetically. She knew Barbara understood her. Working for this woman was definitely hell for everybody. Luna walked to the lift, angrily pressed the button, and waited impatiently for it to come.
She'd worked her ass off for this report because she knew how strict Ms. Beaumont was. She'd spent sleepless nights researching, all that hard work gone to waste. The lift opened and Luna went in without looking behind. She jammed the numbers to her floor and paced around its small confines.
"Who lets such an arrogant person be the head of their company?" But she knew the answer.
She'd done her background research 6 months ago when the company reached out to her. Valerie Beaumont was 36 years old, 7 years older than Luna, and was already CEO and heir to a successful transport and logistics company in Atlanta. The company belonged to the Beaumont family, originally from France and they had branches everywhere across the globe. She'd read a lot about Pierre Beaumont, the founder of this company. He had two elder sons and Valerie was the third and youngest.
She always wondered why he would give such a huge responsibility to the youngest sibling. Unfortunately for her, Google couldn't give enough information for her intuitive mind to conclude.
When the lift opened, Luna stormed to her office. "Maybe they weren't as ruthless as her and her dad." She muttered.
Valerie Beaumont had a lot in common with her Father. Except that she was a woman, a very accomplished, smart, and attractive woman. She was a little taller than the average woman, lean, with long jet black hair and smart deep brown eyes which never failed to mesmerize Luna.
She had an oval face, full sensuous lips, and a high nose with light freckles across the bridge of her nose. All these stunning features were enveloped in an olive Mediterranean skin tone. Truth be told, Luna thought Miss Beaumont was breath-taking and would have been irresistible if she often let herself smile sometimes, or showed some emotion. Luna knew she was crushing on her, she was crushing hard on Valerie Beaumont and that's why it hurt so much when Valerie never acknowledged her hard work.
Valerie's voice always held a smoky timbre verging on provocation and sensuality. She was so demanding, annoying...intoxicating. Damn it. Luna couldn't control herself when she was around her. Luna cleared her mind as she packed all her stuff and walked back to the wide empty office room reminding her of how late it was. She checked her watch. It showed 9:23 pm.
"All these sacrifices and how am I rewarded?" She blurted angrily "I'll find another company where my skills will be appreciated."
Luna once more took the lift, heading to the parking lot. Once there, she walked through the empty lot to her car. She stopped to look at the Bentley Continental GT that belonged to her boss and couldn't help feel worried.
She Sighed "Honestly, at this point, I won't be surprised if she has a bed in her office." She got in her car, turned on the engine and drive home.
When Luna had left her office, Valerie simply stared at the door for a few more minutes before cursing under her breath and taking the report.
She took 30 minutes to thoroughly analyze it. She'd scrutinized the numbers, diagrams, read the forecast, and finally the result.
"You aren't going to like this," Valerie muttered, referring to her dad. She dropped the report on the table and tried to ignore the impending headache she felt coming.
Her dad wanted this partnership but Ms. Adam's report, as well as a few more experts she'd consulted, emphasized how catastrophic it would be for their company. Somehow she'd hoped Luna's remarkable skills would find a way to counter the deficit they all talked about. Now she wasn't only going to give up on the project but she'd lost one of her best employees.
"Shit"
Valerie leaned on her armchair, closed her eyes, and let her mind drift. She'd noticed Luna from day one. Her soft and delicate features very well hid a brilliant and passionate woman. Luna wasn't just physically attractive with her heart-shaped face, striking green eyes, and slightly curvy body, she was also intellectually compelling. Her exceptional analytical skills and competence were what drew Valerie into her.
Valerie knew she shouldn't have pushed too much with her today. But she couldn't help it. The project was frustrating and she wanted Luna to find a solution. Valerie's memory drifted to warm emerald eyes. They were always attentively looking at her, always soothed her. Today they were angry, on fire, judging her.
Yes, they fought a lot, especially recently but their chemistry was irrefutable. Valerie opened her eyes the moment she realized her memory had once again moved to unchartered territories.
"This will be another long night" She muttered as she dialed a number on her phone.
After two rings, a woman with a sultry voice picked and Valerie said "Sorry for calling so late, I need your advice here."
"Sure, what's going on?"
The next morning just before 10 am, Luna parked her car at the parking lot. She wasn't surprised to see Valerie Beaumont's car at the same spot she'd left last night. She went directly to HR. Hanna McKenzie, the 40 plus-year-old HR was surprised and sad to receive her resignation letter. Luna explained why she was leaving without saying too much about her emotional status each time she was closer to Ms. Beaumont.
Hanna tried to convince her as much as she could but Luna's decision was made and there was no going back. After handing her the letter, she returned to her office. She was set to round up with as many projects as possible before leaving the company for good.
A few hours later, Luna heard a knock. Her breath caught as she saw Valerie Beaumont walk through her door. Today she wore deep blue slacks with a matching blazer and a black silk top that complimented her dark obsidian eyes. She looked intimidating and so damn sexy. Why did she always have to look so good? Luna had to remind herself Valerie was the enemy.
"Ms. Adams," Valerie said in her usual smoky timbre that made Luna shiver leaving her skin with Goosebumps.
Valerie dropped the same file Luna had given her yesterday evening. The object of her resignation.
"I understand you've given your point of view and said it's unchangeable but please, could you take a final look at it? I have added some elements you might want to see. When you are done notice my assistant and I will come to take the results."
Usually, people went to her, she never came to them. Feeling flattered she tried to hide her blush with humor.
"Do I have a choice here?"
A hint of a smile came across Valerie's face "No."
Direct, as always. "Great, I will give it a look and let you know when I'm done."
"Good," Valerie said "I'll be waiting," and she was gone.
Luna took the whole day checking the new files Valerie added to the report. She did some research, made some calls, called customers of 'Energy logistics' as well as a few anonymous employees. It took longer than she'd expected but she didn't care because she liked being hundred percent sure of her result.
Before she knew it, it was 9:08 pm and the whole staff had left. She wasn't surprised, it was a Friday night and most people had a life. She called Valerie's assistant and within 10 minutes Valerie was again in her office, looking just as enticing as earlier. Valerie sat on the chair facing Luna.
"So, what do you think?" She asked.
Each time Luna was alone with Valerie, her body never failed to physically react to her. That tingling sensation on her body was omnipresent. She took a deep breath and tried to relax. Luna thought about how to formulate it in a way Valerie won't object.
"I read the documents you handed earlier, I made some calls and my decision stays the same. It is not worth it."
As expected, her answer didn't please Valerie. "Can you please develop?" Valerie said coolly
"They don't use updated software or tech into their supply chain and that greatly reduces their effectiveness, their packaging is also improper, which may lead to damaged goods in the long run."
Valerie listened attentively. "We can update their machinery and supply chain to the ones we use," she proposed.
"Yes, but that will be time-consuming and costly for the company. In all scenarios, you will lose." She could see Valerie understood the stakes.
Softly, Luna added "Ms. Beaumont, you partnering with them won't bring any amelioration to your company. You will rather damage your reputation."
There was silence. Luna thought Valerie was finally going to let go but then again Valerie's mouth did that subtle twitch, announcing an objection. Luna sighed. Here we go again.
"When I hired you, your skills said you could turn bad opportunities into promising ones, what is so wrong about this opportunity?"
Luna was starting to feel frustrated again
"Yes, I can, on the only condition, there is a possibility to fix it. I'm sorry but there is no possibility here. No respected specialist will tell you otherwise."
Valerie knew she shouldn't push again, she knew it was wrong to put the fault on someone else but her dad. But she just couldn't let it go.
"You shouldn't promise on your CV what you can't give." There was finality in her statement.
Luna lost her patience and her eyes blazed. "Why do you always do that?"
"Do what?"
"Be so inconsiderate?"
"I'm not been inconsiderate, I like when the job is done"
"This project is bound to fail. There is nothing anyone can do about it."
"If you aren't qualified enough for this, just say it."
Luna was about to say something but was interrupted by Valerie's phone ringing. She stood up, took her belongings, and walked out. Valerie watched Luna retreating. Shit...she'd screwed up again. The rush of adrenalin, that alluring feeling she had each time she was closer to Luna dissipated. She contemplated going after. Groaning inwardly she answered the call.
"Well?"
"Great timing Annabel, "She said with a hint of sarcasm "She is so difficult I swear."
"That's because you bully her. Haven't we passed this kindergarten love-hate thing, Val?" Annabel said on the phone
"Cut it out"
"No, you cut it out." Annabelle replied empathetically "You made her resign already, don't make things worse, especially when I know how you feel about her."
Annabelle could feel her friend's frustration. she said "I've known you long enough to understand the problem here. Stop with the mind games and be direct. It usually works. You got this."
Valerie wanted to do this. Her resolve breaking, she answered "Alright."
"Amazing. Call me only when you've fixed your mess."
Luna was surprised when she saw Valerie quickly rush and slip inside the closing elevator. She turned and pressed the button leading to the parking lot.
"Where are you going?" Valerie asked
"Home"
"We're not done here."
"Aren't we? Because I had a distinct impression that my presence wasn't needed."
Valerie's slender fingers pinched the bridge of her nose as she tried to think. Annabelle said, 'act nice and be straightforward. No mind games.'
"I understand this project has brought a lot of... tension between us". That was a good start.
"We are in this situation because you refuse to let go."
Valerie didn't want to retort, she'd promised to try at least
"I think if we sit and think this through, we can find an understanding."
Luna snapped
"You know what I think? " She asked. "I think whoever is responsible for this is project is stupid and should have chosen a better investment opportunity."
Luna hissed, angry green eyes staring into dark brown eyes. Valerie swiftly flipped off the elevator's run switch, bringing the lift to a halt and plunging it into semi-darkness. She took a step toward Luna, put her hand on both sides of Luna's head, caging her. Then she leaned very close to her.
"What did you just say?"
Luna was momentarily surprised and thrilled by Valerie's maneuver. "You heard exactly what I said," She tried to move out of the cage but Valerie didn't let go "and this is exactly why I have an issue with you."
"How has this got to do with the project?"
"You treat me like trash, I have been working my ass off to please you from day one, but all you do is order me around and look like the damn sexy temptress that you are."
Luna's eyes widened when she registered what she'd just said but it was already too late. The words were out and Valerie heard it. There was a slight moment of silence.
"I'm not a... a temptress."
"Yes you are" Luna retorted, but the harsh edge was gone from her voice "You always look so goddamn beautiful, always dress so elegant. I'm not surprised so many people want to be in your good graces."
Valerie was pretty sure she was blushing and thanked all the gods the lift wasn't bright enough for Luna to notice.
With a lower and softer tone, Valerie said "I could say the same about you, I see how people are drawn to you, like a magnet, and your perceptiveness is...so fascinating."
Luna's heart stuttered, her gaze roamed over Valerie's face. She could see the subtle freckles over the bridge of Valerie's nose. Her black obsidian eyes shimmered. Luna felt enchanted by them.
The more they held their gaze, the more Luna felt her body tingle because of their closeness. Her heart fluttered when she watched Valerie's eyes gaze down to her lips. That was all she needed to know. She closed her eyes and leaned forward.
The moment their lips came together an avalanche of sensation suffused Luna's body. She pressed her tongue urgently to join Valerie's, placed her hand on Valerie's neck, and pulled her closer, intensifying the kiss. Valerie yielded to the pressure of Luna's mouth against hers as waves of heat coursed down her body. She leaned the length of her body to Luna's, setting her thigh between Luna's.
Luna's legs trembled and she groaned out her pleasure. Her palm slid down the length of Valerie's back. Valerie felt so warm, so hot. She didn't want it to end. Feeling partially satiated from the taste of Luna's lips, Valerie bent and pampered kisses on Luna's neck while her hands opened Luna's shirt. She shifted Luna's bra and took a nipple in her mouth, sucking hard.
Luna groaned, her clit expanded, she moved just enough to get her hand between Valerie's thighs. She stroked her and was rewarded with dampness. Valerie's hips rose to the teasing and she groaned on Luna's breast. Luna had never experienced desire so exquisite. She wanted Valerie so much she felt disoriented.
Without warning, Luna slipped her hand inside Valerie's pants and panties, discovering slick wetness. She felt Valerie's hands convulse on her body and slowly, she began to stroke the thick shaft. She kept her pace as Valerie gasped and moved with her.
"God, it feels so good, please don't stop."
Valerie couldn't believe her body was about to give out before she'd ravish Luna. She squeezed her eyes shut, tried to hold onto the impending orgasm, but the tension in her clit grew harder, brighter.
"Oh, Fu...I'm coming."
Valerie shuddered, her legs barely able to stand. Luna kissed her, swallowing Valerie's cries of release and enjoying the thrilling sensation of satisfying such a powerful woman.
Valerie pumped her hips on Luna's hand, letting her milk her pleasure until she couldn't take it anymore. When the intense contractions finally ebbed, Valerie momentarily slumped on Luna, breathing hard.  
"You are so sexy," Luna murmured, feeling breathless. Her senses were intoxicated by Valerie's nearness, her smell, her touch.
Valerie slightly regained control over her body as her hand skimmed Luna's body, marveling at the softness. She lowered her hand to Luna's pants and moved so that she could look into Luna's fascinating green eyes. Valerie watched transfixed as Luna's eyes darkened and lost focus when her fingers found her engorged clit. They both gasped at the hot wetness.
Valerie stroked and circled her. She whispered in her ear.
"I remember, you told me yesterday I could kiss your ass."
Luna bit her lower lip and dug her nails into Valerie's forearm, her body completely surrendered to Valerie's caress. She was barely breathing. When Valerie slipped one finger inside her, Luna moaned out loud and thrust into her.
"Oh, Ms. Beaumont"
"No...It's Valerie"
Valerie withdrew her finger, added another one, and entered her again, going deeper this time. She kissed Luna and moved with her. Luna felt blinding pleasure, her inner walls contracted on Valerie's fingers, sending shock waves all over her body. When Valerie withdrew her fingers and caressed her clit, Luna's mind gave way.
"Oh yes," She cried, her body going rigid, then shuddering. She lost her breath, lost her mind, and a little bit of her heart.
The sight of Luna in the throes of orgasm was so exciting Valerie found herself on the edge again. Almost dizzy with lust, she reached between her thighs with her free hand and stroked her clit. It only took a few seconds before she peaked again. The last memory Valerie registered was Luna's body quaking again then she went blank.
The next time she opened her eyes, she was on her knees, between Luna's spread legs. They were both spent, sweat glistening on their faces, their bodies faintly shuddering from the exertion. Luna pressed her hand through her hair and kissed Valerie's neck, tasting her sweet essence. god, she wanted her again, though her body needed more time to recover.
Finally, Valerie shifted and sat near Luna, their shoulders almost touching. Her gaze went over Luna's body focusing on her slightly parted bra. Her left breast was out and her body was flushed.
"I didn't know I was craving this much for you until now," Valerie said.
Luna's heart expanded at the outright admission. Was this a dream? Could this be real?
Before she could say something, Valerie added, looking at beautiful eyes "I guess it's too late for me to convince you into staying and working for me."
Luna was speechless for a moment, and then she said "Yeah...I think so..."
Valerie closed her eyes with a sigh, she felt her heart constrict. It was her fault Luna was leaving. She should have treated her better. "I didn't mean it when I said you weren't qualified."
Luna chuckled "I know you didn't, your lips always twitch when you are about to say bullshits."
It was Valerie's turn to chuckle. Luna had never seen her so relaxed in her 6 months of working here. Thinking she'd done that was so brought pure joy
"Is that so?"
"Yeah"
"Still...I'm sorry." Then there was silence again. Luna took a deep breath and went with what she felt.
"You know...I don't mind canceling my resignation letter.... but staying at your company will mean shutting the doors of us ever having something...together."
She braced herself for the rebuttal or denial from Valerie. The silence stretched a little and then she felt a warm hand grasp hers. "We can't let that happen."
Luna turned to look at Valerie. She watched as Valerie brought her hand to her lips and kissed it. Oh boy, it would be so difficult to not fall in love with her, supposedly she wasn't already.
"Are you sure?" Luna asked.
"Yes, we have chemistry and I don't want to lose it. Not after I already lost you as my financial analyst."
Luna only nodded, knowing her eyes probably showed her raw emotions, but she didn't care.
"Let's just say me leaving is a blessing in disguise."
"It is." Valerie leaned to her and placed a delicate kiss on her lips.
"What about we get out of here and get acquainted?"
Luna nodded with a smile. Valerie helped her stand up. They laughed as they fixed their attire. Valerie switched on the lift. As they went down, they both felt it was the beginning of an interesting adventure.