For a long moment, there is silence. Alice considers leaving the suite... but where would she go? She does not wish to see anyone, explain the tears on her cheeks, or give anyone the impression that her husband is to blame for them. He is not. Alice had done this to herself. She had never wanted to tell him, had never wanted to think of it again, had simply wanted it to be in the past, forgotten. Of course it hadn’t been... which is why she has not tried to contact her family. She had only left a quick note for her farewell. She knows it hadn’t been enough, but in the wake of their high-handed actions, she had not been capable of anything more generous. 

The sound of cloth sliding against upholstery reaches her ears a moment before her husband’s hands settle on her trembling knees. She is shaking, she realizes, struggling to keep herself under control. 

“Alice, look at me, please...” 

She turns her face toward him but stares at his ascot – that damn ascot that he insists on wearing with his unnecessary waistcoat and obstacle of a jacket – rather than meeting his eyes. 

“Alice, I love ye... Nothin’ ye’ve said has changed that.” 

She grits her teeth against the wave of emotion his promise calls forth. Two tears escape in silence and plummet toward her jaw. 

“I d’nae care about the rumors. I d’nae care about yer reason fer returnin’... no’ any launger... But, Alice, I am sae sorry fer th’ rest.” 

Unable to speak, she nods. 

“An’ I am sae sorry fer all tha’ I’ve done ta ye.” 

Her gaze flies up to his. “What? No. No, ” she insists seeing the depth of his pain in his eyes. “What have you to be sorry for?” 

He gapes at her. “Alice... look at us. Here we are, not two months after your return, married. Wed. In the very state you considered so abhorrent Above! I... The Courtship... the Crown... I’m sae sorry, Alice.” 

She lifts her hands to his face and captures his cheeks in her palms. “I agreed to our Courtship, Tarrant. I agreed to share my Heart with you through the Crown. I was the one who forced you to Tie The Knot!” 

“Alice! How can ye say that?!” 

“I know you wanted this... me. But I also know you wish it hadn’t happened that way !” She caresses his cheekbones with her thumbs. “You said you wanted to ask me... propose properly. And you weren’t given the chance. I am so sorry for that.” 

“Alice...” he muses, his gaze searching her expression. 

“Yes?” 

He lifts his hands, presses them to hers for a moment before gently removing them and encasing them in his forever-battered fingers. “Will you take me as your husband? For all the time we are given? Through all the trials that await us? Through all the joys we will be blessed with? Until the end of Underland?” 

Alice marvels at the man kneeling at her feet. She feels a wondering smile stretch her lips at this man’s bravery and unique solution to dissolving their regrets. He is right, she suddenly understands, there is no reason not to take those lost opportunities now. There is no reason to allow regret to linger. They make the path. Whatever may have come before, they will always make the path. 

“Tarrant Hightopp,” she whispers, leaning toward him. “I do.” 

She presses her lips to his, invites him to taste her with a nudge from her lips and a tightening grip on his fingers. He does, sighing as his lips part and his tongue ventures between hers. It is not a passionate kiss. It is delicate and sensual and it makes her blood heat and her core throb with the delicious promise it contains. She Wants him... but she does not slant her mouth hungrily over his. She does not slide from her chair and onto the floor with him. This is his moment, their moment. They have time for the rest... when he is ready. 

He gently breaks their kiss. She is reluctant to agree and her mouth follows his for a brief moment before she reminds herself to stop. She opens her eyes and looks into his luminous expression. She very nearly tells him, explains that her feelings for him have grown into something that must be love... 

“Do you have any regrets, Alice?” he whispers. And she grins. Yes, Tarrant will address her regrets just as he had addressed his. 

She wants to tell him she regrets not loving him sooner. She wants to tell him that she does love him now. She wants the love she feels for him to be Enough... But she remembers the blinding brilliance of his Love for her and doubts she will ever be able to match that. 

Alice lifts a hand from his and slides it into his frizzy, wild, orange hair, presses her palm against the nape of his neck, and whispers, “I should have told you... at our morning tea... No, earlier. I should have told you at the fountain where we met before setting out into the garden...” 

He is holding his breath; she can see it. 

“Tarrant, you are the right man for me.” 

This time he leans forward, his mouth hungrily seeking hers. The angle is just as awkward as it had been before, which is just as well. The kiss is brief, filled with heat and want and panting breaths and wet lips and it very well might have lead to More had they both been more comfortable. The strain in Alice’s back as she leans toward him (and perhaps the stiffness in his knees where they press into the too-thin rug) bring them back to their senses. 

“Thank you, my wife. For sharing that observation.” 

“Fact,” she gently corrects him. “It’s a fact, husband.” 

His smile is so luminous, she feels herself lit with his light from the inside out. Her heart swells and her breath catches. Oh, how she loves him! 

And she will show him. 

Alice stands and assists Tarrant in getting to his feet. He doesn’t even wince despite the pain his knees must be causing him. He folds her into his arms, presses kiss after kiss to her hair, and rocks them both gently back and forth. She closes her eyes and returns the embrace with all her strength. 

She cannot – will not – ever let him go. Nor will she allow anything to come between them. She wants him. She wants a life with him, here, in Underland. 

She will ask the Queen to tell her all of the ways she will be different, but they will not matter. Not in the end. She will make peace with those differences; she will expect them and accept them. But she will drink the Elixir. 

She will not change. Who she is will be no different. No, the difference will be in who she becomes . In addition to being the daughter of Charles Kingsleigh, she will also be Tarrant ’s Alice . 

She’s ready to give him that. 

And so it shall be.