Jensen allows Warren to pull him onto the dance floor without complaint, even though he really hates this song. Fitting himself snugly into the edges of Warren's body, Jensen watches Jared find a seat at the bar and brood silently next to a giggling group of co-eds. They toss him a few seductive glances, but Jared remains unresponsive. Jensen can't help but smile into Warren's shoulder, and Warren reacts by looping a finger into Jensen's waistband and hitching him closer. Jensen lets him, and uses the mindless rhythm of the dancing to think.

He's not mad at Jared for running away, and he even could have forgiven him for scuttling to some nameless girl in a bar, but he's fucking pissed at Jared for lying. If Jared had told Jensen straight off, "Stop, I don't want this, I'm not into it, I'm not into you," Jensen would've had no problem backing off and being friends and moving on. He would have had reason to believe Jared and to trust his decision, because no matter how much Jensen wanted Jared, if Jared didn't reciprocate, then obviously Jensen would have to get over it.

But Jared did reciprocate, he did push back and kiss back and moan Jensen's name like it was some kind of prayer, and Jensen could almost taste how much Jared wanted him in that moment before he came, gasping against Jen's sweaty throat. And then he lied about it.

Lied not only to himself, but to Jensen, and Jensen can't stand liars.

Eyeing Jared again through the fine strands of hair at Warren's nape, Jensen watches him watch them. Jared looks ready to puke, his face scrunched up in a way that could mean anything from, "That's a bad smell," to "I'm bloody drunk," and Jensen turns Warren deftly sideways so that Jared can see the way Jen is leaning into Warren's chest, slipping a leg between his thighs and letting Warren pinch his ass. Since Jared's lying like a dog, Jensen's going to make him confront his self-denial through whatever means necessary.

When Warren starts pulling him towards the bathroom, Jensen feels a little bit like 007 at a gay bar, and starts to laugh. Warren throws him a questioning look, but he shakes his head and reaches forward, slides a hand over Warren's sold pec and the pebbled nipple hidden under violet silk, and Warren's eyes darken. Jensen parts his lips, and then they're inside the restroom, walls of cool tile reflecting back their quick steps and quicker breaths. The last stall is just as good as any, and Jensen backs into it, pulling Warren by the button of his fly and letting his gaze smolder and linger.

***

Jared's not drunk, but this is one of those times where he really wishes he were. Sure, he's still clutching the bottle of wine from the restaurant, but he hasn't taken a sip since he stepped out its red-carpeted doorway; mostly he's busy sitting here trying to look like a pissed off boozed up asshole so everyone will leave him alone. He's been slumped at the bar for the past hour and a half now, keeping a sharp eye on Jensen and struggling with the urge to jump up and beat Warren to within an inch of his life. It gets exponentially harder every time the fucker lets his hands slide over the butter-soft leather clinging to Jensen's ass.

Jensen's ass.

And just like that, Jared's distracted in a way he's been trying to deny since he woke up that one morning sprawled out on Jensen's couch, Jen himself drooling in his lap while Jared quietly tried not to scream. Or do something really stupid, like push Jensen's head down just that little bit further.

In reality, Jared doesn't know when this thing between them started. He thinks maybe it was about two months after first meeting Jensen, when he looked up one day on the set and saw Jen sprawled on his back on the floor, lazily practicing his lines to the ceiling. He remembers that Jensen's shirt was wrinkled up so that Jared could see the sharp cut of his hipbone, and when Jensen sat up and grinned at Jared in this completely, unapologetically sexy way, Jared had to look back down at his script and try to ignore the dull ache in his chest. Back then, he hadn't even known what it was, had gone the whole day thinking it was heartburn or some such shit like that.

Now, staring at the way Jensen's hips move to the music, and the way he's pressed against someone so decidedly not Jared, Jared is forced to reevaluate how strong his feelings really are. The ache becomes a scald, like bootleg moonshine in his stomach, and Jared's head is blurry with it.

Jared tried not to think about what happened in the parking lot; he tried to convince himself it was an accident, mostly. A fluke because he broke up with his girlfriend and was so used to getting laid on a regular basis, and then suddenly he wasn't and Jensen was there instead. But seeing Jensen with another person, another man, he forces himself to acknowledge, has brought it home to him.

He wants Jensen. Wants in his pants, in his head, in his life, and he needs Jensen to want him back. Only him. The thought hits him between the eyes and in the balls simultaneously, and he almost doubles over from the shock and the righteous fury that fills him. Jared understands that Warren is going to have to go down, immediately, and if Jensen hates Jared after that then too bad. At least he'll have kept Warren from getting any farther than he already has.

Blinking, Jared focuses on the undulating crowd again, searching for the black button-down and the gleam of leather that denotes Jensen, and feels panic start to rise in his chest when he can't find him. Without sensing what he's doing, Jared sets down the wine bottle and gets up, pushing through bodies and conversations, scanning the room for Jensen. It is really only luck that his eye catches the tail end of Warren's purple shirt disappearing into the restrooms.

Wading through the pack of dancers seems to take forever, but Jared manages. The red and yellow lights glinting off the bathroom door are almost mocking, Are you sure you want to go in there? You know what you'll find, don't you. But Jared knows that yeah, he really, really does, anyway.

At first, his eyes don't adjust to the gloom of the bathroom after the bright disco-style flashes outside, but the moist sound of flesh against flesh and a heated gasp from the last stall draws his attention. Jared moved towards the stall as if in a dream, watching as his hand reaches out and shoves the door open. It bounces off the wall, and starts to swing shut, but Jared's body stops it as he stands and stares.

Warren has Jen pushed up against the tile, and he's latched his mouth onto Jensen's earlobe, while his hands work the buttons on Jen's shirt. Jared distantly notes the way Jensen has one leg wrapped around Warren's hips, and the way his fingers are digging into that stupid fucking purple shirt.

Stupid. Fucking. Purple. Shirt.

And that's when Jared loses all common sense and opens his mouth.

"What the hell is going on."

He doesn't yell it, he's got more control than that, but the words feel like they're ripping themselves one by one from his vitals and they come out blood-soaked and ready to fight.

Jensen's eyes have popped open, and Warren's twisted halfway around, though he keeps Jensen securely pinned to the wall.

"The fuck do you want?" Warren slurs, his half lidded eyes lazily looking Jared over. He's not annoyed at being caught, only slightly curious, convinced that Jared will go away in about two seconds.

"Jared?" Jensen asks, more concerned, and Jared can't look him in the eye, can only stare at the red bite marks marring Jensen's smooth chest, and the way one of his buttons is missing up by the collar.

"Get off him," Jared says, his face feels hot and tight, and he has this crazy urge to give Warren a swirlie. Not the grade-school kind, either, but the most godammned vicious one the world has ever seen.

His body moves again, like he's not controlling it, and he ends up tugging Warren out in front of the sinks, getting in his face until Warren's eyes start to sharpen with understanding and he raises his hands, backing himself unknowingly into a corner.

"Look man, I'm sorry. I didn't know," Warren is babbling, "I thought you guys were just friends, I didn't mean–"

"Get the fuck out of here," Jared says quietly, "Before I rip your dick off and feed it to you."

Warren pales significantly, before he nods and rushes past Jared. In the mirror, Jared sees him toss an apologetic glance to Jensen before fleeing with his tail between his legs. The roar of sound from outside swells and then subsides when the door falls shut; Jared stares at the paper towel dispenser. Now that he's done it, basically claimed Jensen, he doesn't have a fucking clue what to do.

He can hear Jensen's breathing, still a little heavy, and the picture he can see out of the corner of his eye is making him crazy: Jensen's shirt hanging open, his lips lush with blood, a small, mouth-shaped bruise forming at the base of his neck. He's every wet-dream Jared has ever had, but Jared is suddenly panicking again. He wants Jensen, so much, but he doesn't know how to ask. Which is hilarious, actually, because Jared's practically declared his ownership with a brass band and a parade down Main Street.

"Jared, are you all right?" Jensen's voice echoes hollowly off the walls, and Jared lets a laugh burst out of him, surprised. It breaks the ice, and he turns to Jensen, managing to meet his eye for a heartbeat before he has to look away. "Yeah, I – yeah. I'm fine. Sorry about that."

But Jensen's already in his personal space and advancing, and Jared stumbles back until the cold wall stops him and he's got a smirking Jensen pressed all along his front.

"God, Jared, don't apologize. You being possessive is the fucking hottest thing I've ever seen," Jensen's voice is thick and low, his breath warming Jared's neck as he chuckles throatily. "If you don't take me somewhere right now and fuck me, I'm never talking to you again."

Jared opens and closes his mouth a few times, at a loss, before Jensen works a hand in between them, squeezes Jared through his jeans, and Jared's biting back a yell instead.

"God, I want you so bad," Jen says, and Jared feels his other hand tracing the waistband of his jeans, "Say it, Jared, say you want me too."

Jared has a moment to think that that should be written down somewhere, for posterity, but then Jensen is working a finger down into the back of Jared's jeans, stroking across the top of his ass-crack, and Jared lunges forward with a cry of, "Yes!" His hands tighten spasmodically on Jensen's shoulders, and he can feel his cock jump against the pressure of Jensen's hand.

"Let's go," Jensen murmurs, and Jared grabs his wrist and runs. Out of the bathroom, through the crowd, ignoring the bartender who waves his bottle of wine at him, ignoring Warren sulking by the exit, until he's got Jensen out in the open, in the parking lot (again), and pressed up against the door of his truck, squirming as Jared sucks on his lower lip. It's so fucking perfect Jared feels himself break a little inside, and he smoothes a palm over Jensen's heart, smiling against his mouth. Jensen's breath hitches, and he whispers, "Yeah, Jare…" as Jared's hand fumbles for the truck's door handle.

The seat is solid underneath then, and Jared almost laughs at their position: He's standing, feet on the ground, hidden by the open door, and Jensen's legs are wrapped around his waist. Jensen doesn't seem to mind, though, and his hands are everywhere, scratching down Jared's back and up under his shirt, fingertips dragging lines of fire across Jared's ribs. Jared manages to get a foot up into the cab of the truck, and then he shoves Jensen forward across the seat, crawling in on top of him. Jensen curses as his head hits the steering wheel, but in a second he's jerking upwards and sealing their mouths together again, licking around Jared's teeth and under his tongue.

"Fuck, Jen, slow down, I–" Jared gasps out, unable to finish as Jensen rolls his hips just like that and Jared's last logical brain cell flees, screaming for it's mommy.

"What, Jared? What? Are you – do you want to stop?" Jensen sounds desperate, "'cause I can't, I don't want to."

Jared tries to think, tries to see past Jensen's rapidly moving chest and the way his lips are wet around the edges. Then he sees the panic in Jensen's eyes, the oh no not again dammit, and it sobers him a little.

"No, God no, I just don't want to come before I even get my pants open."

Jensen freezes, letting relief settle in, before a slow, predatory smile stretches across his face and he murmurs, "Can't have that, can we," before slipping the button on Jared's jeans and yanking the zipper down. "Fixed it," Jensen chuckles, shoving a hand inside and squeezing Jared's length quickly. Jared pulls away, hissing in pleasure, shaking his head, nono I'm so close.

Jensen responds by arching up again, and Jared lets his head fall forward, nuzzles across Jensen's chest until he reaches the hardened nub of a nipple. He sucks it into his mouth, the flavor of Jensen bursting across his tongue in salty-sweet waves, and just listens to Jensen. The sounds he's making should really be in some kind of high-end porno, the type that has polished, unapologetically tanned actors and an actual plot, and you're almost surprised when it dissolves into mindless fucking.

"Jare, Jared, fuck, I want you – I want you to fuck me." Jensen moans out around his gasping breaths. The shocking heat of it is like Jared's life flashing before his eyes, and then he's fumbling at the glove compartment where he always keeps lube and a box of condoms. He's never called his truck the "pussy wagon", like Jensen's implied, but that doesn't mean he isn't prepared.

Jensen's squirming underneath him, and Jared realizes he's trying to take his pants off. He lifts up, helping Jensen peel them down, laughing when he has to shift and pull off a cowboy boot. "Fuck that," Jensen says, leaving the other boot on and letting his expensive, designer leather hang off of his leg. Jensen's wearing some kind of ridiculous silk underwear, and Jared almost teases before he reminds himself he's got the same kind to wear under his own leather clothes. They go the same way as the pants, joining the crumpled mass around Jensen's ankle, and then they're dragging across Jared's back when Jensen brings his limbs back up around Jared.

The tube of slick pops open easily, Jared's fingers are slippery before he even knows it, and he's tracing a cold trail down Jensen's stomach; leaving shiny residue on pubic hair, Jared pulls his fingers down past Jensen's straining cock and starts to trace his crack slowly, tantalizingly. Jensen whimpers against him, and starts chanting, "Do it do it do it," under his breath, but Jared takes his time. It's Jared's first real bout of gay sex, and he's not quite sure how to do this. Still, how different can it be from anal sex with a chick? Taking that as his cue, Jared lets his hand slip between Jensen's cheeks, finding the puckered opening and gently massaging it with a fingertip. Jensen jolts like he's been shot, and then practically melts into the seat, spreading his legs wider and closing his eyes. His mouth is pink and deep, and Jared pushes a finger inside at the same moment he falls on Jensen's mouth.

"You're so hot like this," Jared whispers against Jensen's lips, working his finger deeper and marveling at the tight, smooth heat that surrounds it. Just thinking about his cock going there is making him light headed and sweaty.

"More…" Jensen shudders, twining fingers in Jared's damp hair, hauling Jared's mouth down against his neck, and Jared works a second finger in. Jensen bites his lip, Jared can see it out of the corner of his eye, but then Jen loosens up again, welcoming Jared's intrusion. When he starts fucking himself on Jared's hand, Jared removes his fingers, adds more lube, and fits a third digit into Jensen's ass. Jensen's whimper is half pain now, and Jared stops, feeling muscles clench around his fingers and Jensen's thighs trembling with tension.

"God, Jense, you're so fucking tight. God," Jared curls his fingers involuntarily, and when Jensen cries out against him, he shoves himself upward, alarmed. "What? Did I hurt you? Are you okay?"

"Aw, fucking hell, yes. Do that again," Jensen demands, opens his eyes, and his irises are completely gone, the black of pupil all that remains except for a thin ring of green. "Mm, didn't hurt me, Christ."

Jared thinks back, it's hard with Jensen trying to move underneath him, and then he remembers and curls his fingers again. Jensen jumps, every muscle in his body tightening and releasing, and wraps an arm around Jared's neck without warning, putting him in a headlock. Jared laughs softly, massaging the spot he's found, and Jensen starts shaking, heading towards complete meltdown.

"Wait, wait. In, Jared. I need you inside. When I come. Fuck," Jensen begs, the bar lights highlighting his pleasure-slack face. Bar lights… Jared's brought back to their surroundings with a shock, and even Jensen pleading isn't enough to hold back his alarm.

"Not here, Jen, let me get you home." He husks, still achingly hard, but his propriety is holding the reins now, and he can almost hear his momma lecturing him on rules and manners. It's the stupidest thing ever to break this up, but Jared starts to pull back anyway.

"Fuck home," Jensen is incredulous, indignant, and he sits up, gasping when Jared's fingers pop out of him, but then leaning forward and hauling Jared bodily into the seat. He slams the door, gets Jared sitting, and straddles his lap, smiling wolfishly as he rips a condom wrapper open between his teeth. "No way am I gonna let you get me all worked up and then ditch. The fuck is that, man."

Jared blinks owlishly, before looking around frantically. No way are they going to do this again, public sex does not get him off, and hidden around a corner is one thing, but his truck… hell, anyone could walk up to his truck. It's right by the door! He can't believe he let himself get this carried away, and then he feels Jensen grab his cock and before he can so much as gasp the condom's rolled on and he's at the entrance to Jensen's body and Jen is easing himself onto Jared.

Every single worry assailing him, about bodyguards and policemen and jail, for Christ's sake, disappears when he feels the head of his dick breach Jensen's ass. Jensen is breathing hard, concentrating, and lucky for him one of them is because there's no way Jared can right now. It's almost too much stimulation, too much to handle, and his fingers are scrabbling helplessly at the seat, the window, before Jensen sinks all the way down and Jared loses his mind. He never knew there was anything this perfect in the entire world, never knew that the feel of Jensen's ass against the tops of his thighs could be the hottest thing ever and that the tiny, breathy pants Jensen is making would make him want to stay that way forever, buried in Jensen's body in the parking lot of a gay bar. Jensen clenches once around him, as if testing the feel of it, before he leans forward and devours Jared's mouth again.

Jared digs his fingers into Jensen's hips, stars flashing behind his eyes and Jensen clamps down again, and Jared's hips quiver upwards before he can stop them. Jensen lets out a throaty sound that could be laugh, and then he's lifting up again, sliding down, and Jared needs to shove upwards more than he needs to breathe. The solid sounding thud when Jensen's head hits the truck's roof doesn't stop him, but the second time it happens, Jared manages to open his eyes. Jensen's frowning, rubbing his hair, before he sees Jared watching and smiles sweetly.

"Guess you should've bought that convertible like I told you to."

"Guess so," Jared grits out, and Jensen's teeth are white in the darkness. He presses onto Jared, maddeningly holding Jared still and at the same time pushing his cock deeper into Jen's ass, and Jared feels his eyes roll back in his head. For a minute there's silence, the only sound their shared breathing, and then Jensen pulls up and off, collapsing in a way that jostles Jared over behind the steering wheel.

"Drive," Jensen demands.

"What?" Jared is puzzled, his brain still fogged by Jensen (God, he'd been fucking Jensen, why the hell had they stopped?) and the musky, wet smell of the truck.

"Drive to your goddamn house before I take care of this myself and leave you here," Jensen says calmly, and Jared stares dumbly at the hand lazily stroking Jensen's erection.

Jared's fingers blindly find his keys, almost dropping them when the cold metal brushes against his dick, and then shoves them into the ignition, turning and the truck roars to life, and the whole time he's never taken his eyes off Jensen. Jen smiles lazily, sexily, leaning his back against the door and drawing a leg up on the seat. He's taken his other boot off, discarding pants and underwear completely, and his shirt is open. Jensen's on display and he knows it, gnawing on a lip before letting it slip glistening from his mouth, trailing a hand down his abdomen.

"… look at the road to drive," Jared hears, before blinking and wrenching his eyes away. "Right," he chokes out, his foot hitting the accelerator without warning. The truck leaps forward before he manages to get it under control and ease it out of the parking lot. He makes it five whole blocks before a soft sound lures his eyes back to Jensen, and he almost runs a red light.

Streetlights paint Jensen's high cheekbones, gilding fluttering eyelids as he moans softly in the confines of the truck, and Jared misses the light turning green because he's busy watching Jen push slick fingers into his own ass. The car behind them honks, and Jared has enough gray matter still operating to thank God for tinted windows while he drives another two blocks, this time keeping his eye on the light and stopping in time.

Jensen is a mass of shadowed muscle in the corner of his eye, and Jared knows if he stops to look again, stops to follow Jensen's heaving chest with his eyes, his tongue, he'll end up fucking Jen against the car door while the light changes, unheeded, above them. Jared trains his gaze ahead, tries to shut his ears to the rustle of Jensen's nails digging into the seat and the glide of fingers between his thighs as Jensen flexes onto his own hand.

When Jared pulls up in front of his house, he's faced with the momentary dilemma of how the hell do I get half-fucked, half-naked Jensen into my house, before he looks over and notes Jensen has already squirmed into his pants, shoved the underwear between the leather and his lower back, and left the fly ajar, cock jutting out almost jauntily. Looking up at Jared, Jensen grins as he sticks his feet into his boots. "Time to roll, Jared, honey, you know?"

Jared gapes through a few blinks, but Jensen is already out and gone into the night. Jared has enough sense left to turn off the truck before he almost falls out the driver's side, and then hurries around and up his stairs, hissing every time the wind picks up and hits his dick. He can't believe he just ran past Ms. Gerard's house with his pants open and a fucking hard-on waving hello, but then he's past astonishment and Jensen's got him pressed up into the shadows next to his door. "Open it," Jen growls, tracing a finger over the jut of a hipbone and almost makes Jared drop his keys.

Jared doesn't exactly remember anything else until they're stumbling through the door to his bedroom, sucking on each other's mouths and kicking off shoes and pants and underwear. Jensen's shirt is gone in the next second, and then Jared's is pulled over his head, a button scraping his eyebrow and he hisses in pain before his head is out, hair mussed and in his eyes. Jared finds Jensen's mouth by kissing his way down his face, and then Jensen's hooked a foot around his knee and he's falling to the bed, landing on Jensen, who let's out an oof sound as the mattress bounces them gently.

Jared lifts himself carefully, takes a moment to look at the planes and shadows that make up Jensen in the glow of the lamp; Jen's absolutely shameless, comfortable in his own skin in a way Jared will never be. Jared never thought he'd get here, never even pictured it before that early morning in Jensen's apartment, and ever since then he'd forced it to the back of his mind. But now that Jared's got Jensen laid out before him, looking up at him through hooded eyes and delicate eyelashes, Jared feels the weight of reality sink into him with the slow, seeping warmth of hot chocolate on a cold night.

"You're really here," he lets his lips brush Jensen's cheek, imagining he can taste each freckle, a point of warmth against his sensitized mouth. Jensen's smile eases onto his face, and Jared feels jaw muscles tighten beneath his teeth as he bites along the angular bone.

"Yeah," Jensen's voice is Texas on a hot day, lazy and gritty and all encompassing, "I'm here," and wraps his arms around Jared's back, rubbing fingers down his spine and caressing the dimples just above Jared's ass. "But if you aren't fucking me in the next four seconds, I'll be forced to take desperate action."

Jared chuckles, liking the suddenly languid attitude they've picked up now that they are lying on his bed and have all the time in the world. "Desperate action, huh? What's that like?"

Jensen tries to shift up underneath Jared, maybe to flip them over and reverse positions, but Jared uses his greater weight and height to keep him pinned. Jensen's arms are taut under Jared's hands in a way that's completely addictive, and he moves his head to the side to nip at Jen's shoulder.

"Well, it would be right now if you weren't so damn heavy," Jensen grumps, but Jared knows from the way Jen's cock is pressing hot and hard against his belly that Jen's completely turned on by his forced vulnerability.

Stretching to reach his bedside table, Jared pulls open a drawer and searches around inside, finding another condom and some more slick by touch. Lifting himself again, he peels off the old contraceptive and throws it to the floor. "Gross," Jensen whispers, but he's smiling, and he takes the unopened condom from Jared, smiling wickedly. "Let me help you with that," is burned against Jared's throbbing pulse point, and then he's on his back and the condom's being rolled down his aching cock with Jensen's mouth. Jared struggles not to lose himself when Jensen deep throats him, and then pulls off slowly, sucking all the way up.

"I'm gonna ride you, Jare. Like a fucking stallion," Jensen mutters, almost to himself, and then he lifts up, throws a leg across Jared, and slides Jared's dick up his ass without any more preparation than Jensen's own spit on the condom and the truck ride over here. Jared stiffens as his cock is embraced in soft, pulsing warmth, his eyes slamming shut, and his hands fly to Jensen's waist as a whimper escapes his gritted teeth. Jensen grins, breath catching as he gets in a few good bounces, before Jared's summoning the last of his strength and flipping them over. Leaning back, Jared pushes one of Jensen's legs up, hooks it over his shoulder, and lets the other one wrap around his waist before he leans forward to take Jensen's mouth. They both groan as Jared slips deeper.

"Fuck, fuck, Jared! I – This feels so fucking good, oh Jesus– !" Jensen stutters, helpless as he twists under Jared, trying to get Jared's cock further inside. Jared grunts in response, watching his sweat drip onto Jensen's collarbone, imagines he can hear it sizzle as he starts up a hard rhythm that has the bed swaying in response. It's almost funny, when the headboard starts banging the wall, nearly too cliché to be real, but it is and Jared can feel his balls slapping Jensen's ass every time he pushes in, can feel Jen clench around him every time he pulls out, trying to drag him back.

Jensen comes first, his face going tight and then loose as his entire body liquefies under Jared's and he opens his mouth, gasping for air. Jared can feel him trembling as his cock pumps under Jared's hand, and the muscles in Jensen's ass are squeezing Jared mercilessly, but he's not there, not quite yet, just a little more…

"Come for me, Jared, come in my ass, I want to feel it," Jensen's biting off the words into Jared's ear, tightening the muscles around Jared's dick one more time, and Jared's orgasm comes from behind and knocks him over like a heart attack. It seems to go on forever, and when he finally comes down, can finally sort out all the colors in front of his eyes into 'Jensen' and 'bed' and 'alarm clock', it's all he can do to draw himself gently out of Jensen. Jensen lets his legs fall with a sigh, wincing slightly, and watches as Jared removes the condom and ties a knot in it, dropping it over the side of the bed into what he hopes is the trashcan.

They're silent for a while, both lying on top of the blanket, Jared almost dozing, but then Jensen's pushing on his shoulder, murmuring velvety words into his ear, and he moves to the side, letting the covers flutter down over the both of them. Jensen snuggles in next to Jared, and right before he conks out completely, Jared manages, "I always knew you'd be a cuddler… you pussy."

"Whatever," Jensen laughs, tugging Jared's arm over his hip as they lie face to face, and Jared lets him, studiously not thinking of the morning after and allowing himself to have this: Jensen like a furnace in his bed, the scent of sex and spunk heavy in the air around them, but the join of Jensen's neck to his shoulder smelling of clean sweat and cologne. Jared sighs into the firm flesh, inhaling one last time as he lets the world fall away in sleep and contentment, tightening his arm around Jensen's body.

END