Staggering with exhaustion, Alec followed James up the steep, narrow stairs. He climbed like an old man, stepping up with his left foot and then bringing his right up to the same rung. But he gritted his teeth and pulled his way up.

Finally, he was almost to the top. James put an arm around him to help him up the last few steps.

The hideaway that James had found for them was a boat rental office on the outskirts of Dover. It was only open on weekends; they'd be long gone by the time Friday rolled around. Once night fell, they'd take one of the tiny, low-profile inflatable boats and cross the Channel to Calais. Alec wasn't looking forward to the cold and the damp, but they had to get out of England.

Alec let James lower him to the battered green sofa, and stretched his leg out. James crossed to the window, and parted the blinds enough to study the street below. "No sign of pursuit," he said.

Which didn't mean there was none. Every road, every street, every bloody footpath, was probably being watched, but Alec found that paradoxically reassuring. This was the kind of challenge they had excelled at. "Just like old times, eh?"

James looked up, his expression bleak. "Tanner had a wife," he said. "A couple of kids."

"He also had a gun to my head."

"True," James said, but he didn't look convinced.

Alec gritted his teeth, and pushed himself to his feet. "James -- "

"Treason, Alec. That's what I've done. I've become a traitor." He turned away, walked to the other side of the room. "So what do I do now, Alec? Hire myself out as a mercenary? Join up with the Janus syndicate?"

"I doubt there's much of a Janus syndicate left to join. It will have been dismantled by governments or picked apart by rivals by now."

"So sorry to hear that." Alec supposed he meant to sound angry, but there was no force behind the words.

"I'm not." Alec limped over to James. "I made sure that even if everything went pear-shaped, I'd have the ability to rebuild ... one way or another." He slipped his arms around James from behind. "I have ten thousand francs in a numbered Swiss account, and close to a million U.S. dollars in a bank in the Caymans."

"That's some rebuilding fund."

"Enough for a lifetime, if we're careful." He nuzzled James's neck. "No hiring out as a mercenary, no using your expertise against your former masters. Just the two of us on a quiet beach somewhere."

Finally, he felt James relax into his arms. "Of course," he said, "we do have to get to it." But he sounded eager for the challenge.

"Child's play." Alec let his hand drift lower. "I can think of somewhere much tighter that I'd like to get into."

"Hmm ... you do realize the challenges we face."

"A marginally comfortable sofa and an absence of lubricant? Certainly not an obstacle for two -- " former 00-agents, he'd almost said, but that would be a mistake. "Two experts in improvisation."

James turned around, kissed him hard. While Alec was distracted, he unzipped his pants and pushed them down. Alec moaned, as James's fingers wrapped around his cock. Two, three strokes -- and then he was gone. "We should rest."

Alec grabbed James by the waistband of his slacks. Undid his fly, and reached in. Found him half-hard already. Pulled him close. "When we get to Calais, we'll find a hotel. Small, shabby ... but with a comfortable bed." He pushed James's briefs down, so that he could press both their cocks together, wrap his fingers around both of them. "After this long, I know you're going to be tight. So I'm going to slowly, slowly open you up, one finger at a time, pressing in, filling you -- "

James let out a gasp; his hands tightened on Alec's waist. Pulled him close and plunged his tongue into Alec's mouth. It took all Alec's concentration to keep stroking, touching. He slid his free hand over the heads of their cocks, feeling the sticky liquid that had already leaked out.

Too soon, though, James had to come up for air.

"Where was I?" Alec whispered. "Ah, yes. I was about to fuck you senseless."

"Yes." James sounded very far away.

"Once I've got you opened up -- three fingers twisting inside you -- you're ready. I pull my fingers out and line myself up and thrust into you with one stroke.

James moaned, his head tilting back.

Almost there.

"So hot and tight. Like -- like -- " His mind fails him. He picks up the pace, stroking faster. "I can feel my cock hitting inside you, right there. And I know that you're ready. I know you want it. Come for me, James. Come with me. James!"

* * *

Later, Alec lay, curled on top of James, watching him sleep.

He supposed their odds weren't all that great. They'd have to navigate across the English Channel in a small inflatable boat, then make their way across Europe and then to the Caymans. They were wanted fugitives, low on money, hunted by every law enforcement agency in the world ... but as long as they were together, who could stop them?

Kneeling there in the woods, looking down the barrel of Tanner's gun, he'd been comforted by the fact that, if James chose MI-6, at least he wouldn't have to live with the knowledge for very long.

But James had chosen him.

Everything had worked out just as he'd hoped it would, when he'd made the call to M.