Author: russianguy26 (sluttish_88@yahoo.com)

Title: a blonde in chocolate

Part: chapter 1

Summary: A girl was treated like a perfect beaty in the world and she was persuaded that she would become a cheerleader, but she was mistaken that it'd be too easy. She would sweat for it considerably!

Keywords: MMf, vaginal, oral, teens,blackmail, high school, slut, black

Contact: sluttish_88@yahoo.com is for your comments.


  "Sveta, this is Mr. Avdushev," her father shouted after Sveta had cheered her final high school game. "He is from the university and he wants to talk to you about a cheer scholarship, honey."

     His daughter was a sweet-faced blonde with hair to the shoulders. She worked hard to keep in good shape, working out three times a week. Even her current boyfriend whom she was going to marry disliked spending so little time together because of her cheerleading practice, but he adored the shape of her body very much and was ready to bear anything for it. She was head over heels in love with him too and he was her first and only man. Her tender long legs that led up to her small tight ass attracted every man's attention and every girl envied her figure. Her boyfriend always liked cupping her firm perky breasts, although he didn't like her bra and sucking and biting her small pink nipples that asked for it.

     Hearing her father, she became very excited, because it was a rare thing when the coach came and there was the reason. Sveta was in a hurry to know what was the coach there for? When she rushed down the stairs in her happy mood, Mr. Avdushev stepped forward to shake hands.

     "Hello, I'm pleased to meet you, sir," the eighteen-year-old blonde said shaking his strong hand.

     "Nice to meet you too, bright one," the coach said, smiling wide and revealing his white even teeth. "I've just told your parents about your brilliant future in a cheer squad at college! I'm sure you'll manage, because one would be an absolute loser not to have it!"

     "Are you serious?" Sveta couldn't believe her luck and she liked to hear the way he complimented her on success.
     "Yes, I'm absolutely quite serious," he said with a stern expression on his weathered face.

     "You mean you think that I'm good enough to cheer at a university?" the girl could hardly hide her excitement and the coach liked to see it in cheerleaders' face, because he was going to make a lot of money off her.

     "You know if I were not sure, I wouldn't offer it to you," the man replied irritated and thought about the best way to hook her up on it.

     "This is awesome!" Sveta almost jumped up on her feet for joy and her dear father was proud of her.

     "Right you are. It's a once in a lifetime chance," Mr. Avdushev said in a serious tone. "You are certainly pretty and I'm really interested in your possibilities."

     After that, the coach kept on praising how great she was and what a brilliant career she could have. As her excited parents talked to him young and pretty Sveta was elated at the news. After hearing all that great stuff about their daughter her parents took him for a tour around their newly-bought expensive house. Sveta and her parents became more and more excited at her chances with every passing moment.

* * *
     
  The summer was passing and she had been training very hard to be selected. Her parents would be really depressed if she failed the tests. Mr. Avdushev returned at that summer's end and found Sveta alone. In fact, he caught her sunbathing in her tight yellow bikini on the back deck of her great house. He wasn't only interested in her cheering ability, but he was also taken by her lovely young 5'5" 105 pound body, with her long golden hair, flowing over her bare shoulders. She looked like an absolute nymphet! But suddenly he was surprised when she, the pretty blonde, said to him, "Oh Mr. Avdushev... I didn't notice you enter!"

     "Huh, you probably were dreaming about your prosperous future and if you do the right thing you'll succeed in it," her coach said smiling at her and everyone puts one's own sense in words.

     "I'm so glad that you are here! Don't you wanna look at cheerleader pictures?" Sveta asked with shining eyes.

     "I think it'd be great to stare at my best cheerleader once again," he said with the flame in his eyes.

     "Okay, then let's go in the house."

     The girl stood up and went to the house. Avdushev followed her, without tearing his eyes from her swaying hips and her panty-covered ass.

  "Your boyfriend is a lucky guy," the coach voiced his thought.

     Hearing it, Sveta liked his comment about her and her boyfriend. Flattery is a great thing. When they turned out in the sitting-room, the coach sat on the sofa and kept watching the blonde girl seeking the album. Finally she had found it! Then the cheerleader sat down and started showing her pictures from the first grade up. The coach's eyes were all over her small body and when he was about to make a move her parents returned from the town. So the fun had stopped and Avdushev had to delay his plan.

     As her mother made Mr. Avdushev stay for a supper, Sveta and her dad talked to the coach in their den. All that time and during the supper the coach was constantly flattering the girl, her amazing parents and what a great house they had. It's shame that everyone believed his bold flattery. After a grand meal Sveta saw Mr. Avdushev out to his shabby car.

     "I'll see you next month," he told Sveta in his ever-present mentor-like voice. "There, I'll be able to see what you can do."

* * *
    
  A few weeks passed. Sveta gathered all her stuff together, kissed her dear parents good-bye and headed north to the university, believing that the whole world was under her feet, but how mistaken she was! Before she had left, she drove across the town to kiss her high school sweetheart who would soon be her husband good-bye. Sveta didn't know how she would live without her loving boyfriend's attention so long. If she had known she would never miss him, just because she would never have time enough for that.

     To her surprise, Sveta found the university very big and became home sick soon. Her mother became concerned very much and phoned Mr. Avdushev. He was asked to keep a careful eye on Sveta and he assured her that she was taken care of like the apple of his eye. Not only did the university look big to her but also the girl found the other cheer candidates very good and she felt her chances of making the squad were very slim.

     "I just can't believe the talent," she told her coach afterwards.

     "I do have some very good girls, Sveta," he sighed like an experienced old man. "To be honest, I feel your chances are very slim and your parents will be very disappointed if you fail!"

     Hearing that, the girl felt her heart began hammering.

     "But it means everything to me, sir," she sobbed slightly. "All my family is counting on me to cheer here!"

     "There are always alternatives, Sveta," Mr. Avdushev kept coaxing and reassuring her. "I know you are a good smart girl from a small town, but as I have said, there are alternatives. Have you ever heard of girls sleeping with teachers for grades? I'm sure you have," the man knew that he was pushing his luck.

     "Do you mean I shall have to have sex with you?" she whispered in her innocent manner with her pouty lips as the tears came to her eyes. "I'd never do that!"

     Sveta just couldn't imagine that she would be able to cheat on her adorable boyfriend who was so prosperous and she would have a brilliant future being his wife. It was too much for her. The man clearly understood he was skating on thin ice, but he had done that too many times to be on the edge about it. He said and did everything following his plan that he and others made up long time ago.

     "Well, not me exactly..." her perverted coach replied thoughtfully. "I mean that a young thing like you would be a dish, but I thought more about me watching you sleep with a black stud. You'd make the team!"

     "A black stud?" shocked, Sveta said with eyes full of tears. "I could never do such a thing! I have never even talked to a black man! There are none in my town. On top of that, what would my strict parents say if they knew it and my boyfriend will be back home soon? You know, something like this would kill him and he's going to be my husband. What kind of a girl do you think I am?"

     Listening to that self-confident girl who had been trying to find any excuse but it sounded lame, he knew that he had almost had her and the only thing he had to do was to push a little bit harder.

     "You are a good girl," Mr. Avdushev said, looking at her sternly. "But I have had plenty of girls over the years sleep with old Mike to make the cheer squad. My old friend Mike is a 45-year-old black buddy who has what it takes not only to please young white knock-outs like you, but you'll become a cheerleader after only one time with him. He is the judge! He has all rights and he can reject you for your resistance! Think it over and make the right choice!"

     After that the coach got up and left with the conqueror's smile on his face. As soon as he had left, Sveta locked the door in. The girl laid on the sofa and started crying, understanding that all her dreams were futile. Sobbing, Sveta put the cheerleader team out of her mind until her cell phone rang. She glanced at the display and saw that it was her Dad's I.D. Although her father was always friendly, but he was strict enough.

  "Hello, sweetie!" he was glad to hear his daughter's voice. "How are things?"

  "Thanks for your calling, Daddy!" Sveta was happy to hear him, but wanted to stay alone. "Something happened?"

   "Nothing. Absolutely nothing," he replied. "Just wanted you to know that I'll be up for your tryouts. I'm sure you are glad to hear that!"

   As soon as Sveta she had heard it, the girl got scared and confused.

  "Certainly, Daddy. I'll be happy you'll be proud of your daughter," the only things she could make up and she was in a hurry to add, "I'm sorry Daddy, but somebody's knocking on the door!"

  "See ya then," and got disconnected.

  Relaxed, she flopped herself down on the sofa and tried to find the way out of this situation, but nothing occurred to her. Sveta had been sitting like that for some time until the cell phone's ring brought her to reality. She glanced at the display and there was an unknown caller. It could be something important and the girl picked up the cell phone to reply. 

  "I've just called to ask you..." it was her coach's voice and it made her crazy. "What is your reply?"

  "I've already say NO to you!" Sveta said to his sick intentions.

  Irritatedly, the girl got diconnected, but it was no good to be a heroine. Sveta felt so bad and she already knew that she would do everything to reach her target but thinking about a black man, an old black man, made her really freaky.

* * *
     
  Saturday afternoon came and Sveta was alone in her dorm. A sick feeling overtook her when a knock came at her door. The girl had no slightest idea who it could be and went to open it. When she open it, Sveta hoped it wasn't her coach. How happy she was when she saw her guardian, her dear father. It was like a burden fell from her slim shoulders as she saw him. She gave herself her instinct and rushed toward him to embrace. If he only knew about her coming problems.

     "Daddy," she said with relief, throwing her arms around his neck. "Hi daddy, what are you doing here?"

     "Sweetie, I just came to see my baby girl become a cheerleader, of course," he laughed and was shining with pride and happiness for his daughter. "Mr. Avdushev has called and asked us out to dinner tonight. C'mon honey, get ready and don't keep your good coach waiting."

     How poor Sveta wanted to tell her father what kind of a man her coach really was, but daren't destroy her dear dad's idyllic world. What would happen if she failed her contest? The boyfriend would find another great chick with an awesome figure, her parents would give some money for her living and she herself would curse herself for not using her unique chance.

     In a hurry the girl got dressed and grabbed her coat on her way out. Sveta wished it was a dream but it wasn't as she followed her father.

  It didn't take much time for them to meet the coach for their dinner treat. Sveta could hardly eat during dinner as her coach bragged to her father on how great she would be and only stupidity would ruin her brilliant future as a queen cheerleader. She understood that he was talking about something another than a cheerleading activity, because his palm rested several times on her knee, squeezing it and Sveta was too paralyzed to do anything but went through the entire ordeal. 

  When the horrible dinner was finally over, her father walked her the dorm. It was the time for them to split up, but Sveta didn't want it at all. 

  "Daddy, what do you think about spending the night in my dorm room?" his daughter asked him.

  At that time her eyes were begging him for that, because it was going to be a rough night for her.

  "You know my schedule girl. I have already reserved a motel room down the street," her father replied simply.

  Seeing the way his daughter looked at him, he made up his mind to cheer her up a little and added with a smile,

  "I will be up next week for tryouts to support you my dear. Your VIP coach and me have confidence that you will make the team, honey!"

  It was too much for her to hear. The girl knew that she'd make the team in any possible way, but she knew that she would fail if she just performed her skills.  Sveta tenderly put her arms around her father's neck and enjoyed this good moment as it was her last.

  After that the girl unlocked the door and entered the dorm, leaving her father behind. As soon as Sveta closed the door behind, the girl again felt that eerie feeling of being alone. She came up to the music system and turned an "Enigma" disc on. It always gave her a relief in hard times of her life. 

  Then she made her way to a comfortable sofa. The girl tried to relax and chill out there. She didn't notice how quickly she fell asleep and was freed from all her worries. She was deep into her inner world now. The girl's heart skipped a beat when a knock came at the door. Sveta came back to reality and rushed to open the door. She wanted to know why her lovely father made up her mind to return. Perhaps, he wished to savour the last days before her coming victory next to his lovely daughter.

     "Mr. Avdushev, what are you doing here?" the girl was taken aback and surprised with her coach's sudden appearance. "Daddy is here. Please leave me now."

     "No good for you, girl! You don't get any points by lying to me," her coach had a very stern impression on his face and slapped her face hard with his wide palm. "I saw you daddy going to his motel," Mr. Avdushev said, walking into her room and pushing her on the shoulder so hard that she had to step back. "By the way, this is Mike, I have been talking to you about him," he said, motioning to his friend. "And we have come for your personal and private tryouts."

     "But... but..." was everything Sveta could say, understanding that the time had come.

     The two friends stepped in, and closed the door and locked it behind them. At that time she looked up and saw his friend for the first time. He was an old, short black man of 40+ years. He was fattening with strong-looking legs and arms. She just couldn't believe that they came for her body. His darkness made her freaky and his authority made her look smaller than a hobbit.

     "Mike, what do you think about her?" grinning, the coach asked his friend boldly.

     "Man, you know she's surely a sweet treat," the tall black man said. "This is going to be good for me."

     Their smiles made her crazy and she didn't know what to do because she knew what would happen in a moment. Sveta felt like a deer in the highlights. The girl started protesting, trying to reason with them, but she failed. The two black old man listened to her and smiling. 

  "Why are they always so scared and try to find the way out where it doesn't exist, man?" Mike said, grinning.
  Sveta considered that all her pleas fell on the deaf ear and she was about to run. Where to run? The girl didn't think that no one would believe her. She was just in shock and was about to rush away. 

  Her coach was very strong. He just stretched out his hand and it caught the girl by her neck as she started running. It was the reason why Sveta caught her breath.  

  It made her scared even more than ever. The girl's eyes were begging him to release her but she didn't put up a struggle. Sveta understood that there was no sense in resisntance at all. She felt his free hand grab her tight ass and squeezed hard. The girl felt so dirty that the old man touched her up and she could nothing about it.

  A small grin appeared on his face and he said, "Nice ass you have, little bitch! I've been waiting for it so long! I have wanted to do it since I saw you sun-bathing on the deck of your shithole of the house!"

     Then his hand moved up to the hem of her tight pink top and pulled it up in a thrust over her long, blonde hair. Sveta was glad that she wasn't choked by those strong claws of his and already didn't pay attention to her nakedness. Her coach was very glad that the cheerleader didn't resist his hands. Without a second thought, Mr. Avdushev put his hands on her young ripe tits and squeezed them. The coach liked the way it felt and knew that she was going to be a very good slut on campus. When the blonde came to herself, she started panicking due to his boldness. Nobody had ever seen her naked except of her loving boyfriend and she felt like she was committing adultery.

     "You want to make the cheer squad and Mike wants your young body to know if you are the right person for that," Mr. Avdushev said, savouring the moment.

     Instead of fighting, Sveta just stood still like a deer in highlights. He knew that it was too stupid to miss the chance. In a hurry, the coach grabbed her sweat pants's waistband and he liked the sight he had. There was a nave slim girl in her nice underwear in front of him and she only asked to be fucked. It was a matter of several moments to take off her sport bra and it fell down on the floor. Her perky ripe tits attracted everybody's attention, but they attracted much more attention when they were naked. Excited, the black coach ripped her small panties off, leaving red welts on her hips.

     "Whoa. Look at those young tits, Mike. They look even better without her bra and I think she is going to be the best young cunt you have ever had in your hand," he said squeezing her tits harder.

  Sveta still couldn't believe that it was happening in reality and she didn't struggle it at all. It went too far and it was too late to step back. It was clear that she would be fucked whether she wanted it or not. 

     "Yeah pal, I'm sure that the spectators and the football team will be glad to see this slut in action on the field," his companion agreed in a hoarse voice.

     Frightened, she sought for compromise, begging them to be easy on her young body.

     "Is this the only way?" Sveta sobbed as her coach laid her lean body on the bed. "Oh my gosh!" the poor girl exclaimed when she saw Mike started getting undressed. 

  "Just look at it!" Mike swayed his thick 8" cock in the hand.

  Every fiber of her body was shaking as she stared at the well-hung black man and now she knew that all that rumors about monstrous cocks were true. Instinctively, Sveta compared his cock with her boyfriend's and figured out that her lover's cock was like a pencil.

  "It's so huge and it surely hurt me too much!" Sveta thought and panicked.

     "What will my parents say?" sobbing, the girl tried to reason with them. "And I have a boyfriend back home!"
  She knew that they were stupid arguments, but it was the best the girl could make up. 

     "That's a lame excuse, girlie," the black man replied with irony. "After we have been through with you, your boyfriend's cock will be too small for all your holes!"

     Spreading Sveta's slim legs wider, Mr. Avdushev sat between her well-shaped legs and moved his face to her pussy. It was the very first time somebody's tongue had ever touched her pussy and it was so shocking as the coach's touch turned out on her pussy. Mr. Avdushev enjoyed the sensation of her young well-trimmed pussy. Sveta liked her body and tried to be as sexy as she could for her adorable boyfriend. She was going to cheat on him with this old man this time. These thoughts dwelt onto her mind not too long as the couch's kept on lapping her pink pussy. 

  He liked sticking his agile tongue deep into her pussy that made Sveta let out loud moans. The girl enjoyed the way he sucked her pussy lips in and his nose rubbing against her clit. She didn't notice how her hips began moving towards his pleasure-giving mouth. It was something new and exciting for her that Sveta forgot that she wasn't with her boyfriend. She was on the seventh Heaven now.

  Mike stood and stared at the coach and his cheerleader. He already knew that she would become a nice piece of ass around. First, she acted as a bookwarm but she was writhing in pleasure now. Just watching the hot sight in front of him, Mike felt his cock swelling and decided that it was time to join them. It wouldn't be the first time Mr. Avdushev and Mike try it. 

  He was already naked and he made his way to them, on the sofa. Sveta was very laudible from all licking she had been receiving.  She didn't even noticed how big silhouette of Mike got on the sofa and saddle her breasts. He felt the girl's body writhing in pleasure and her slighly opened mouth let out loud moans. Mike knew that she was ready for anything. 

  Mr. Avdushev kept on lapping her sweet pussy and knew that his payment was close. He provided many girls and they were turned into cock-craved sluts for many years. Their parents didn't know what was happening with their daughters who ended up walking the streets or sold out into slavery. They just didn't understand that not any girl could be a cheerleader in this town. The same was going to happen with Sveta. The girl was very flexible and good at her duties. Mr. Avdushev suggested that she could be a great campus slut and Mike promised not to sell her until she would be no use.

  All those thoughts kept on driving him as his lapping speed on her pink pussy sped up more and more with every moment. Her pussy squirted now and again and it made him crazy. Sveta was on the edge of cumming as her movements and moans stopped. It was Mike's fault and the coach knew what was happening there.

  Mike made up his mind to accompany them and touched her flushed face with his swollen cock, but the touching was like a slap for this nave girl. Gasping, she opened her eyes wide and saw the 8 incher before her eyes. Sveta was afraid of this moment coming, but it had happened. 

  Mike hold his swollen dick in his hand that was like a big snake and slapped it against her face. Sveta was just staring at it and could say nothing. The man knew that there was no reason to delay "the hot session" any longer and was about to enjoy her teen luscious body.  

  "You'd better lick my cock properly or it'll hurt when I stick it deep into your eager cunt, bitch!" Mike said in his harsh voice.

     Sveta understood she would have to do what he wanted one way or another, but his cock terrified her very much. On top of that, she couldn't do it. It was too big even for her mouth, although he let her know that he would fuck her pussy, too. At that moment she thought about her parents and her prosperous boyfriend. If they ever knew it, she would turn their back on her. Although she didn't know what their reaction to the failure of being a cheerleader would. There was no way out now.

  Sveta resisted for a moment but Mike's voice made her think it over.

  "If you ain't gonna play with my dick, I'll just fuck you dry and you'll fail on the tryouts!" the man said playing with her emotion.

  "No, no... please... let me suck your cock," Sveta said hurrily.

  "But you don't have to do it..." Mike paused while he was playing with Sveta's inner side, "If you don't want it!"

  "No, no, no..." the girl said, trying to talk him back from making her a loser. "I want it. I want it so much!" 

  "Well, show me the slut you are and serve me like my own whore!" the man said and he was sure that she swallowed the bait.

  Her coach stopped licking her pussy and wanted to know what she would choose, because it was a very unsteady situation. His worries were futile when he heard her consent words about her black partner's cock. 

  Sveta knew that all guys liked the way she stuck her tongue out and it was time for a real experience. The girl tried not to think about her boyfriend or her parents. She just had to go through it and forget about it. The girl didn't guessed that it could ever be done again. 

  She slowly stuck her tongue out and placed its tip on her chin. Sveta was waiting what was going to happen, but there was nothing. The girl became happy that he changed his mind, but she was mistaken. 

  Mike's thick cock flopped down on her tongue in a moment, splashing saliva from it. His dickhead was already covered in pre-cum from a long anticipation and it was sticky. Sveta hardly sucked her boyfriend's cock, because she considered it dirty. The girl should be good at sucking now. 

  Her tongue started circling around the piss-hole, collecting more and more white fluid. She closed her eyes and tried to relax. Her coach restored his lapping on her tender pussy and it helped her very much. He was glad that a really much money he had earned and he would be able to use her for his desires any time he would want them to be fulfilled. The coach enjoyed the feeling her body reacted on his lapping. Her wet tight pussy  sent warm pleasure-filled waves all over her small body.

  Moaning, the girl started improving her sucking technique. Her tongue began running along all the length of his 8" black vein-covered cock. Mike looked down at his cock and he couldn't believe how much the girl was into it. He watched how much she took pains to lubricate his monster. The man was sure that Sveta was scared how that black bastard was going to stick it inside her because it was too long and very thick. 

  It had taken several minutes of licking before Mike's cock was spit-covered and the black man's cock pointed high in the sky. Sveta was at full throttle and just couldn't stop licking it. She hoped if it was well-lubricated it wouldn't hurt her at all. 

  Mike saddled her with closed eyes and pleasured up. He didn't want to stop the girl eagerness, although his cock was already prepared for coming fucking. He could enjoy it more and more the way that nave white girl was worshipping his snake, but the man felt his cum started boiling in the balls. It was time to test her teen pussy.

  He slowly rose up and the girl's tongue left his cock. Confused, she opened her eyes feeling him standing up. It was clear that the time had come. She didn't have any strength in her to resist and she knew that it would change nothing. 

  When he stood by her side with his cock pointing high in the sky, his partner Mr. Avdushev stopped licking her pussy and stood up too. Mike made his way to his friend and the coach stepped back, giving him a space for the action. Without saying a word, Mike stack two fingers into her pussy and it felt good and wet. Her coach stood next to them and he was about to watch his pretty cheerleader being stretched out to the limits. If only she knew that she would be a famous slut of the campus! That black cock surely wasn't created for a young girl. Sveta keep her eyes on every movement of his and she was tremling like a leaf. 

  "Turn around, girlie," was the only words Mike told her.

  Sveta knew that her resistance wouldn't change anything and did what she was told. The both men were staring at her white-skinned ass that was going to be taught soon. 

  Mike put his both hands on her ass cheeks and Sveta startled. He spread them wide and saw her both fuck holes. He liked the sight he was seeing, although the man had already known that they were tight. Then, without saying a word he pulled toward himself until the girl doubled on the sofa's armchair. Her ass was high in the air in this position. It was the last moment when her dear pussy was tight because she would never be the same again after Mike's monstrous thing. 

  He put his thump on her opening and drove it to the knuckle. The man adored the sensation of young flesh and wanted to see how dirty she could. 

  "Spread your ass with hands and slid your pussy along my finger!" he said and slapped her ass lightly.

  Sveta was confused by his suggestion, but she couldn't say that she wasn't excited.  The girl put her both hands on her firm ass cheeks and spread them. Two black men immediately saw her orifices.

  "Start!" Mike ordered.

  Without thinking it over, she began doing what she was told and her pussy started her way up and down his black thumb. Mike stood there and enjoyed the feeling of her pussy's clutch. He couldn't stand it. The man wanted to fuck her raw but he had to wait a little. 

  Sveta was bent down like some hooker and enjoyed the moment although she knew it was wrong. His thumb suddenly left her pussy and she was afraid what she had done.

  Mike got his thumb out and looked down at it. The thumb was glistening with her sweet juices. Her pussy's opening shone with her juices too and they poured down her thighs. The man knew that he had to stretch her pussy a bit before fucking her. He slowly drove two other fingers and it made Sveta let out a pleasurable moan. 

  "You should be more audible I you wanna be a cheerleader!" Mike said and drove the fingers to the knuckles.

  Sveta felt so good like it was her boyfriend's cock and spread her legs wider. Mike immediately noticed that and knew that there would no problem with her at all. The black men saw her arching her back so that her holes were on display. Mike was in a hurry to drove his fingers in and out, trying to find the right rhythm.

  "Do you like to be fucked while your boyfriend is away?" he asked her.

  Without thinking it over, "Yes, I like it, baby. I like it so much!"

  Mike liked how she acted. Watching her teen pussy swallow his fingers and covering them with its juice, the black man wanted to try her asshole that looked very tight.

  "Yes, yes, yes..." Sveta moaned lustfully, but paused. 

  Just at the very moment, Mike drove the fingers to the knuckles and brought his juice-covered thumb to her pluckered asshole He tenderly pressed on it, trying to invade. The girl knew what was going to happen. 

  "Please, don't..." she begged although the girl could do nothing.

  "Don't you wanna be a cheerleader?" Mike asked while he kept on driving his thumb into her tight ass hole.  

  "I want it," Sveta said without seeing the way out of it. "I want it so much!"

   "Ask me then, girlie and relax your sluttish ass!" Mike ordered and glanced at her grinning coach.

  "Yes Mike..." Sveta started immitating sex moans and tried to relax her muscles. "Use my sluttish hole!"

  The girl couldn't believe what she had just said. She had never said such things before, but she was excited and she was made to act dirty now. Mike felt her cooperation and his juice-covered thumb squeezed into her tight virgin ass hole. He moved his fingers to the knuckles out of her both holes several times. Their movements made out cry out in pain and pleasure. Mike didn't like the way Sveta moved and he slapped on her ass loudly.

  "Ouch..." the girl let out a cry and felt like a whore.

  "Move your ass faster on my fingers or you'll be dumped!" Mike told her.

  The sense of his words came to her immediately and the girl started moving with enthusiasm. She knew that she had to revive this encounter and she would be a cheerleader. So Sveta would become the eye of her father again. Mike and Mr. Avdushev liked the way she acted and knew that it was good for her to be chosen. 

  With every passing moment, Sveta moved to orgasm, although she couldn't confess to herself about it. Mike felt her pussy clunching his fingers tightly and got his fingers out. As soon as he had done that, he glanced down at her holes and watched them getting closed. 

  He grabbed his cock and brought it to her pussy. When Mike pressed the dickhead against its slippery opening. Sveta froze and knew that there was going to happen adultery. The girl just couldn't believe that Mike's cock was going to be inside her. Slowly the black man drove his cum-covered dickhead and enjoyed the tightness of her pussy. It felt so huge that the girl caught her breath. Sveta was happy that man was waiting for her to get accustomed to it. 

  Mike put his hands on her hips and enjoyed the sight of her pink pussy stretched around the head of his cock. He had never tried such a tight pussy. Without waiting any longer, Mike thrusted his cock to the ball and froze. It was too much for Sveta and she arched her back like a wild cat. She started moaning and begging him to pull out as he left his cock buried to the hilt. 

  "Oh... Oh...Oh... please pull it out... ahh it's gonna tear me apart!" she struggled and she started stirring.

  Mike slowly get the half of his cock out and watched it all covered in her juices. then he grabbed her by hips and started poundering without listening to her pleas. There were loud sounds of the black man's balls slapping against her sweat white flesh. Sveta couldn't believe that she got stuffed to the limits. It suddenly occurred to her that he wasn't wearing a condom.

  "Please wear a rubber. I'm on no pills, Mikey-boy!" sobbing, the girl cried out.

  "I don't use rubbers when I fuck sluts!" Mike said and stopped, stretching her ass cheeks.

  He pressed the pointing finger against her tight ass hole and it slid all the way in easily. The man had managed to stretch it a bit and he was about to spretch it more. Mike added another finger, the middle finger, and there was no much space for it. Thus, he pressed it harder and the second finger squeezed into it too. Her ass ring was very tight around his fingers and the girl squealled on top of her lungs. It hurt even more than her pussy being stuffed, but Sveta could do nothing to stop the man. It was too much for her to have an monsterous black cock all the way in her pink pussy and two of his fingers to the knuckles in her virgin ass hole. 

  "Did you think it's easy to become a fucking cheerleader?" her coach shouted in her ear.

  Mr. Avdushev was very rough and smacked on the side of her head. No one had ever done it with her like everything had been happening that night. The girl could do nothing except of outshrilling and the men didn't want to break into her room and saw what was going on here. 

  "Man, her cries are driving me crazy! Find something to gag her fucking trap," Mike ordered his provider.

  Mr. Avdushev understood Mike's hint immediately and flopped down on the sofa next to the girl. Sveta was smart enough to get what her torturers were talking about. She looked down and saw her coach's naked body. Due to his every-day training Mr. Avdushev's body was very good at his age. 

  His skin gleamed with sweat and drops of sweat were everywhere on his well-ripped body. Sveta saw his amazing 6-pack and well-trained legs. Sveta couldn't help seeing his black cock, another black cock for the same night. It was going to be the third cock she had ever seen in her life. She put two and two together and understood it was going to be a live gag. Fortunately, it was much less than her black torturer's. The coach's cock was about 7" long and not too thick, but her boyfriend's cock was much less anyway. Sveta stuck her small tongue out like a well-trained pet and licked Mr. Avdushev's dickhead immediately. It didn't occurred to her that licking would not be enough, he wanted a blow-job. Sveta had never done it, because she considered it dirty, although her boyfriend tried to talk her into it many times. 

  As Mike was hard pounding her would-be tight pussy, the girl was licking her coach's cock, trying to forget about the pain he had been giving to her. She was a quick learner and was eager to please the coach. Her tongue ran fast and tenderly long his shaft so that his cock became covered in saliva in no time and her hot breath on his cock made him exciter even more.

  Sveta hold his black cock by the base and her agile tongue carressed his entire cock. It was very hard and swollen and the girl hoped that her coach wasn't going to fuck her too.  She had never done it before and she couldn't say that she didn't like it. Her tongue circled around his bloated dickhead. Sveta could taste her pre-cum very clearly and started enjpying it a little, but the hard pounding Mike had been giving to her didn't let her forget about pain and possible pregnancy. Her baby would be black! How would she explain it?

  She was so much absorbed into her thoughts while her tongue circled around the coach's dickhead that the girl didn't notice his hand on her head. Mr. Avdushev thought she was very eager to please him and he pushed his strong hand on the back of her head. The girl was overtaken and she was too slow to react when he did so. The head of his cock entered her mouth and thrust his hips upward, making the cheerleader swallow its purple head.

  "Is her mouth nice, mate?" Mike asked as he kept on poundering her pussy.

  "Suck babe suck or you'll never be a cheerleader!" Mr. Avdushev said without removing his hand.

  Sveta wanted to get it out, but couldn't. the coach's hand was steady on her head. The only thing she could do was to please him orally, but she had never done this in her life. Her pussy had already been stretched and her boyfriend would see the difference, her small ass was being stretched with Mike's fingers but it was still nice and she had to suck the cock for the first time. Sveta would never do it even for any purpose, but it was too late to bolt away. She had to wait a bit to become the crowned cheerleader. The girl would be treated like a dirt if anyone knew what the cost for that was. Her brilliant life would be broken to pieces then. Sveta couldn't afforded it.

  With enthusiasm, the girl got down to sucking the cock like she saw it in some porno flick one day. The faster they cum the faster they leave!

  "Work with your tongue better as you suck cocks!" her coach said.

  Sveta felt so disgusted and started doing the way she was told. The girl couldn't resist it at all, because his strong hand pushed on her head, making to take his cock in the mouth more and more. Sveta hardly could swallow the half of his cock. It was so huge for her small mouth. Her coach understood that it was her first blowjob and he didn't made her deep-throating it. There would be much time to learn it and much more in coming days. The girl felt like a whore sucking the black cock as she was about to cry on the top of her lungsfrom all that splitting pain Mike had been giving with his huge cock in her pussy and the fingers in her tight ass hole. Even if she screamed, Mr. Avdushev's cock would smother her cries of hell.

  "This is the best young cunt I have ever had man!" Mike said loudly for pleasure. 

  "Yeah, man. And the best thing is her daddy is just down the street, sleeping sound as some black man who is as old as dear daddy is fucking the shit out of his little girl who does it to make her daddy's dream come true and become a cheerleader!" the coach was very talkative as he enjoyed his cheerleader.

  "Man, that's great!" Mike grunted as he sped up fucking the girl's pink pussy.

   Their speech humiliated Sveta even more. What if somebody whould know the way she became a cheerleader! How she would dare look in her boyfriend's eyes again! She felt like a corrupted whore and a fucking slut as Mike's big shaft was slicing her apart. Sveta wanted to glance at Mike's cock stretching her pussy lips to the limits grotesquely, but the only she could see was the cock she was sucking.

  As Mike kept on sawing in and out of Sveta's already red pussy from stretching and rubbing, Mr. Avdushev went on abusing the girl with his dirty words.

  "Not only that," Mr. Avdushev gloated, trying to make her humiliation even worse. "Hey Mike, she came from all-white town and the only cock she has ever had was her kid boyfriend's. C'mon, slice into her. Go man, go!" 

  The coach kept on cheering his friend more and more as he felt about to cum. Sveta could hardly bear the pain in her privates and she couldn't believe that she would survive. The girl was on the edge of fainting. She was too weak as her body was swiftly thrust between two black men and her coach made her swallow more and more of his cock.
 
  It lasted like that some time. Then Mike got his fingers out of her rectum and watched her ass ring slowly closing, but it failed to do it. Sveta immediately felt a relief and her ass hole was loosened a bit. The girl felt his grip on her hips and his thrusts sped up considerably. She knew what was going to happen and it made her really freaked out. Sveta had remembered that Mike weren't wearing a condom. There was a big chance for her to get pregnant. She could never afford any baby, especially a black one. Sveta tried to beg him not to cum inside, but her coach's hand didn't let her do it and all her cries were smothered. 

  Meanwhile, Mike was hammering her like a madman. Finally, he thrusted his cock all the way in her battered pussy and Mike frozen when his balls slapped against her flesh. 

  At that very time the old man let out a war cry and hot streams of his potent cum started covering the inside of her teen pussy. As his cock was shooting, her coach began cumming too. The cum that was being shot in her mouth distracted Sveta from the idea of getting pregnant. It was something new for her to try and the girl tried to escape it, but there was no way out for it. She felt like she was going to get drowned and she had to swallow as much cum as she could, but more and more cum was getting shot.      

  Sveta didn't feel any respect to herself, but the girl came to herself thinking she had done it only for her future and for the future of the people who surrounded her. 

  When the black men were through with her, the girl was about to get her face away from that cum-covered cock, but Mr. Avdushev didn't think so. As soon as the girl manage got the cock out of her sore mouth, a mouthful of cum started pouring out on his wasted cock. Her coach immediately grabbed her by hair and moved back to the cock.

  "Did your kid boyfriend teach your ass to suck his dick clean after he is done?" Mr. Avdushev asked her and grinned.

  Sveta wanted to say that she had never done it with him, but the cock in her mouth let her say no word. 

  "Show me what a good slut you are! Lick all cum off of my dick and then you are free to go!" the coach told her.

  Only now Sveta saw how good her coach was! His words made her happy and she was in a hurry to do it. Mike got his cock out and it was hung between his legs.  He glanced at her would-to-be tight pussy and thick strem of cum started making its way out of it. He grinned and hoped that it would make her pregnant. Mike knew that more sex would follow if the girl wanted to become a cheerleader. There would be more chances for her to have a baby. 

  As he stared at thick stream, Sveta did her best to lick the coach's sticky cum off his swollen cock. The girl was happy that she was through with them and the victory was in her pocket. Everyone would be proud of her since she would be the chosen cheerleader. She was liking imagining that it was her boyfriend's cock. 

  Sveta did it very long, but the black men had to go away so that not to get busted and there would be a real problem then. 

  "Man, maybe we'd better go now, she's pretty zapped!" Mike said.

  Then he left them alone and began getting dressed. When he was ready to leave, Mr. Avdushev left the girl on the sofa and began getting dressed too. His cock was sucked clean and shone with her saliva. Mike had nothing to do and came up to Sveta who laid wasted on the sofa. The girl immediately turned her face to him and she didn't know what he wanted. Her lips were cum-covered and Mike liked her new look. Mike leant down towards her and gave her a peck.

  "I really, really enjoyed you and I'm absolutely sure you'll become a brilliant cheerleader if you continue your real tryouts!" Mike said and stepped back.

  Sveta didn't understand him at all and she didn't want to. Then her coach came up to her to calm her down. he saw her body was limb with stream of cum getting out of her pussy and her mouth was cum-stained. The girl swallowed so much cum that some dripped down on the sofa, leaving a big pool of cum on it.

  "Are you okay, Sveta?" he asked. "You were great, honey! I shall see you make the team in the end."

  With those words, he slapped her ass so that there were his fingerprints left and some cum splashed out of her stretched pussy. Sveta felt so humiliated and stood up to show them the door. The girl wanted to be alone now. It was no easy for her, because her body was very limb.

  "Will you please just go?" the poor girl said in a weak voice. "Just go. So I can be alone, okay?"

  "Okay honey, ok! Don't only fall," her coach said as he saw the girl was about to faint. 

  He looked about her body and she was a real cum-stained knock-out. Even her thighs were spotted with cum. The black men finally made their way to the door and it gave some relief to Sveta. When they were almost out, Mr. Avdushev suddenly stopped.

     "Oh girlie, I forgot to mention that to get into the squad you need to be chosen by the superior judge, I mean Mike, a cheerleader squad queen and a football captain." Seeing the fear in her eyes, he added, "You know, it's your right to choose the way to get their votes. If you don't have the vote of one of them, you'll be rejected! Remember it! I think you'll arrange something and I advise you to try the cheerleader squad queen first."

     After that, he and his cock-hound left. Sveta was beaten and she was in tears. She had to have a rest and made her way to bathroom. She flopped down dead in the tub. The girl turned on the taps and warm water started welling up. It was such a relax for her sore body. Notwithstanding it, she was still feeling the effects of the black man's huge cock: her pussy was too sore as well as her ass was. Like in a trance, the girl touched her pussy and ass. She felt how much stretched they were. Her fingers easily entered either hole without meeting any resistance. How would she explain it to her boyfriend? The girl tried not to think about it right now.

  One part of her was glad that it was all over and that she would be on the cheer team, but the thought of how she had gained the spot was disgraceful to her. She only hoped her parents would never find out what had happened to her. She wanted to call her father who had been fast asleep in the motel but she knew she would only get more upset hearing his comforting voice.

  Then Sveta remembered that she would have to get two more votes and burst out crying. Sobbing, the girl got out and went to bed. She didn't still know how she would manage to get those votes. With those thoughts the girl was turning and tossing in the bed for hours until she finally fell asleep.

     If she knew how bad her condition really was and how busy she would be since the morning!

Your feedback is welcome at sluttish_88@yahoo.com