Paul looked up at the stage as a howling wall of distortion announced the start
of Eisenstern's set.  Most of the band were as he'd have expected - a bunch of
muscular, slightly overweight Germans in black T-shirts, jeans, and
corpsepaint, with ponytails or shaved heads - but the singer... the singer was
the spitting image of Pete Murphy circa 1980, right down to the cheekbones
and eyeshadow.

Paul stared, open-mouthed, as the Murphyesque pixie unleashed the most
ferociously brutal death-metal snarl he'd ever heard. Paul started to move
towards the pit, then looked a little closer, and realised that the
furiously snarling young man on the stage wasn't using a microphone.
Something clicked inside his head, and he pushed towards the front.  The
first song came to an end in a thunderous crash of drums and the hard-core
fans in the crowd started chanting.  "Johann!  Johann!  Johann!"

The singer - clearly Johann - punched the air and roared a greeting to the
crowd in barely-accented English. "Good evening London!  We are Eisenstern!"
he bellowed, and pulled off his sleeveless T-shirt to reveal his pale,
scar-latticed chest.

Paul finally reached the front just as the second song kicked off with a heavy,
rumbling bass line.  Johann pulled out a heavy-bladed carving knife, grey from
repeated use, and kissed the dull metal.  "Messerkuss!" he roared, and ran
the blade's edge across his left forearm, leaving a shallow, oozing cut.

The set roared and rumbled on, Johann's snarling vocals getting ever more
frenzied as blood oozed from a dozen cuts.  Paul's fascination with the
crazed death-pixie left him standing at one end of the stage, away from the
pit, unable to take his eyes off Johann's pale, lacerated chest.

Finally Johann grabbed the cloth that was draped around the drum kit's tom
stands and wiped the blade of the carving knife clean.  "Thank you London!"
he bellowed, before sheathing the knife and stalking off the stage.

Paul scrambled up onto the stage before security could stop him and ducked
behind the stacks.  Johann was standing there with a bottle of vodka in his
hand as if waiting for Paul.  "We played a good set, nein?" asked Johann,
taking a heavy swig from the vodka.  "Fucking heavy."

One of the security team stepped behind the stacks. "Is this guy your guest?"

"Ja, ja.  I take him to my dressing room now and fuck his arse," replied
Johann, draping one bloody arm around Paul's shoulders.

"Riiight," said the guard, and turned away. "Don't bloody believe it, first
he fills the hall without a mic and now he says he fucks boys."

Paul looked at Johann, an odd look in his eyes.  "Do you..."

"Ja, ja, ja." Johann took another swig of vodka and handed it to Paul. "But we
go to hotel, not to dressing room, for that. Dressing room is uncomfortable
and full of ugly roadies."

Paul's head spun, and he took a long pull on the vodka before handing it back
to Johann. Johann grinned at him. "You want to come back to my hotel?" asked
Johann, putting the top back on the vodka.  Paul nodded, not trusting
himself to speak with his brain half-addled by lust and alcohol.

			*	*	*	*

"I'm sorry, Mr Kreuzenfeld.  We have no record of your booking," said the
hotel receptionist.  "And we don't take spot bookings from drunks."

Johann stared at her.  Paul pulled out his wallet and produced five twenty
pound notes and his credit card. "The twenties are yours," he said, then
his eyes fell on the magazine she was reading behind the counter. "And maybe
your shift ends soon and you can take in the live show."

The receptionist blinked at him, and hurriedly tucked the magazine into her
handbag. "In about ten minutes, actually.  OK, so that'll be room 310."

Paul took the keys and headed up the stairs.  "Paul, why did you say that?"
asked Johann, leaning heavily on the handrail as he made his way up the
stairs behind Paul.

"She was looking at a gay hardcore magazine."

Johann grinned. "Ja, she will enjoy the live show."

They reached the door of room 310, and Paul unlocked it.  Johann shoved Paul
into the room as the door swung open.  Paul stumbled then caught himself,
and turned to see Johann pushing the door to and slipping a wedge under it
to stop it shutting properly.  "So she does not have to use the master key,"
he said.

Paul grinned, and bent over to unlace his boots.  Johann stepped up behind
Paul and spanked him.  "English boys like this, nein?"  Paul's grin broadened
as Johann landed another stinging swat.

Paul straightened up and kicked off his boots, then turned to face Johann.
Johann put the vodka down, grabbed the back of Paul's neck, and kissed him
deeply.  Paul responded, pressing his body against Johann's and slipping a
hand down the back of his trousers.  Johann gave a muffled groan as Paul's
fingers caressed his arse.

The door swung open, and Paul saw the receptionist standing there, eyes
agleam.  She stepped into the room, hung the "Do Not Disturb" sign on the 
outside of the door, and pushed the door shut properly. "Hello boys," she
said.

Paul broke off the kiss, grinned at the receptionist, and peeled off
Johann's T-shirt.  "What's your name?" he asked.  "I like to know who I'm
giving a private show to."

She licked her lips as she studied Johann's slim, scar-latticed body.
"Andrea," she said, as she unzipped her skirt.  "You don't mind if I just
get comfortable, do you?"  Her skirt fell to the floor.

Johann looked across at her, his piercing blue eyes slowly working up her
stockinged legs.  "You are very sexy, Andrea," he said.  Andrea's face
flushed under his scrutiny. "I like girls, too," he added, as he untucked
Paul's T-shirt and peeled it off.

Paul unzipped Johann's jeans and started stroking his cock.  Johann groaned,
pushing his hips towards Paul, and leaned over to bite his neck.  Paul gasped,
tightening his grip on Johann's cock, then let go and shoved him backwards
onto the bed.  Johann grinned as Paul climbed onto the bed, straddling his
feet. "Suck my cock," he snarled.

Paul leaned forward and ran his tongue around the head of Johann's cock.
Johann moaned softly, savouring the feel of Paul's wet, forceful tongue
on his cock, then gasped as Paul's mouth enveloped his cock and started
to rock up and down.

Johann stroked Paul's neck and shoulders with the tips of his fingernails,
savouring the sensations in his cock as Paul groaned in response.  Paul 
moved his head faster, taking Johann deeper into his mouth, and unfastened
his own jeans.  Johann groaned, thrusting his hips upward and digging his
nails into Paul's shoulders.  Paul moved his head faster still, giving a
muffled gasp as Johann's nails dug into him, and reached down to stroke
himself.

Johann gave one final snarling groan as Paul brought him to orgasm.  Paul
savoured the hot, salty taste as Johann's come filled his mouth, then
swallowed it down and slipped off Johann's cock.  Johann looked down at
Paul, then flicked his eyes across to see Andrea leaning against the wall,
one hand down the front of her knickers.  "Come here, Paul," said Johann.

Paul grinned, and shifted up the bed, still stroking his cock as he
straddled Johann's chest.  Johann raised his head and licked the swollen
head of Paul's cock. "You have a big cock for an Englishman," said Johann,
and took it into his mouth.  Paul groaned with pleasure and slipped his
hands round to support Johann's head as he sucked.

Johann moved his head faster, swirling his tongue around the shaft of Paul's
cock and humming to make his mouth vibrate.  Paul's groans grew louder and
he felt his balls tightening.  Johann's teeth brushed lightly against the
shaft of Paul's cock, making him throw his head back and gasp.  Johann took
Paul as deep as he could, swiftly tipping him over the edge.  Paul howled
in ecstasy, his cock pumping come into Johann's mouth, then slumped forward,
bracing himself against the bed with his hands.

A whimpering moan slipped from Andrea's lips, and the two men looked across to
see her with her fingers thrust up inside herself and her head thrown back,
eyes closed.  Paul climbed off Johann and kicked off his jeans.  "You want
her, don't you?" he whispered, stroking Johann's scarred chest.

Johann kicked his jeans off and straddled Paul.  "I might do... but I want
you more. I want to fuck you hard in the arse, I want to pull on your
ponytail so you scream, I want to hurt you."

Paul's cock started to harden again as Johann spoke, and Andrea's moans of
pleasure hit a crescendo.  Johann smiled, looking over his shoulder to see
her slide down the wall purring contentedly in a post-orgasmic haze.
"Andrea... would you help me tie this boy to the bed?  There's rope and
handcuffs in my jacket.  And your knickers would make a perfect gag."

Andrea grinned back at Johann and peeled off her knickers.  "Of course,"
she said, dropping them on the bed and rummaging through Johann's battered,
much-repaired leather jacket.

Johann looked down at Paul.  "Do you want me to hurt you, Paul?"

Paul nodded. "Yes.  Hurt me."

Johann leaned down to kiss Paul, their tongues exploring each other's mouths,
and pinned his arms down to the bed.  Angela pulled two pairs of police-issue
handcuffs from Johann's jacket, set one of them down on the bedside table,
and grabbed Paul's right wrist.  Paul gasped as he felt the cold metal around
his wrists and heard the click-click-click of the ratchets.  Johann climbed
off Paul and flipped him onto his stomach, then grabbed the free cuff attached
to Paul's right wrist and latched around the bedpost.

Angela licked her lips as she picked up the other set of handcuffs and locked
Paul's left wrist to the bed with them.  Johann grinned at her. "Would you
like to play with him?" he asked, pulling the shortest length of rope from
his jacket and threading it through her discarded knickers.

"I think I'd enjoy watching you do it even more," she replied.

Johann smiled back at her. "Do one thing for me.  Take off your blouse and
bra.  I like girls watching me more when they're naked."

Andrea swallowed hard and unbuttoned her blouse, fumbling slightly, and
slipped it off.  Johann smiled, and slipped the rope under Paul's face and
pulled back, forcing the crotch of Andrea's knickers against his mouth,
then tied it securely at the back of his head.  Paul gave a muffled whimper
as the damp cloth pressed against his lips, filling his nose with the smell
of Andrea's lust.

Andrea unhooked her bra and discarded it, shivering slightly as Johann's
gaze ranged hungrily over her naked body.  "Oh, yes, Andrea.  You are
beautiful.  I might have to hurt you, too, sometime," said Johann, licking
his lips as she shuddered.  "You want that, don't you?  You want a gay boy
to pin you down and tie you up and fuck you and hurt you."

Andrea slipped a hand down to her naked crotch and started stroking herself
again.  Johann nodded.  "Not tonight."  He coiled Paul's ponytail around his
hand and pulled back on it, making Paul whimper with pain and arousal.  "I
have this boy to abuse tonight."

Johann reached into his jacket and pulled out a small bottle of lube.  He
poured some out into his hand and started stroking his cock.  "Oh yes, I
shall enjoy abusing you, Paul."  He poured more lube between the cheeks
of Paul's arse and pressed a finger against his hole.  "Relax, Paul," he
whispered.

Paul willed himself to relax, and moaned muffledly around the rope and cloth
stuffing his mouth as Johann's finger slid inside him.  Johann sighed, and
began gently massaging Paul's prostate.  Paul whimpered softly, then gasped
as Johann slowly worked a second finger into him, stretching him open.  "Oh,
yes, Paul," whispered Johann.  "You're ready for my cock now."

Johann eased his fingers back out of Paul's arse and climbed on top of him.
Paul whimpered as he felt the head of Johann's cock pressing insistently
against his lubricated hole, then gasped as it slid inside, stretching him 
and filling him.  Johann groaned with pleasure and began to thrust, his cock
sliding slowly back and forth, pressing against Paul's prostate and sending
waves of pleasure through him.

Johann increased his pace, thrusting harder and faster into Paul.  Paul
groaned as Johann's cock plunged deeper into him, pushing him inexorably
towards climax.  Johann's groans of pleasure became snarls, his thrusts
long and deep as his balls tightened, and then he emptied them into Paul,
his cock pumping hard, spraying his come deep inside.

Paul whimpered in frustration as Johann's cock slipped from his arse,
leaving him on the edge of orgasm.  Johann looked across at Andrea, seeing
the lust in her eyes, and smiled wickedly.  "Andrea, I want you to make 
this boy come while I mark him," he said, drawing the knife from the belt
of his discarded jeans.

Andrea eagerly climbed onto the bed and knelt astride Paul's legs, slipping
her hand under him to stroke his cock while Johann slowly cut a 'J' into
Paul's back.  The dual assault on his senses tipped Paul over the edge,
and he gave a muffled scream of ecstasy as his come spurted onto the sheets
and Andrea's hand.

Johann stepped back and admired the letter he'd cut into Paul's back. "You'll
remember me, won't you, Paul?" he asked, slipping the knife back into its
sheath.

Andrea stared across at Johann, then slipped her come-splattered hand out
from under Paul and stood up.  "Do you do that to..."

Johann smiled. "To everyone I fuck?  No.  Only the ones who want me to fuck
them up the arse and hurt them.  Blame the Devil."

Andrea swallowed hard.  "The Devil?"

Johann's grin turned nasty.  "I sold my soul to him, and he gave me the
perfect death metal voice.  I don't even need a microphone."

Andrea looked confused. "Why does that make you mark people like that?"

Johann shrugged.  "No soul, no conscience.  It amuses me and I can get away
with it, so I do it."  He reached down and untied Paul's gag.  "You enjoyed
it, didn't you, Paul?" he asked, smiling as Paul whimpered and nodded.

