Title: Keep it in the Family
Rating: NC17
Pairing(s): Spike/Xander/Angel
Chapter : 10/18
Previous Chapters : Starts here and follow links at bottom.
Warning(s): vamp!Xander
Beta(s): Not beta'd but proofread
Disclaimer: Not mine – believe me, if they were I wouldn't be writing about them, I'd be rolling around in a bed with them! 
Summary: What happens when Spike gets a little brother?

“I'm just saying I don't think I'll ever get all this crap off me boots!”

“SHUT UP SPIKE!” The response from both Xander and Angel was weary. Which was not surprising since they had been listening to Spike whining and complaining since they had entered the sewers nearly an hour ago. A full day's sleep had done much to enliven the two younger vampires and Angel admitted ruefully that he hadn't slept that well in perhaps years. Never underestimate the power of family to soothe and relax the demon.

Of course, their destination might have something to do with their group foul mood. Angel's source had come through and they were on their way to a White Witch who owed Angel a favour – a big one. He had helped save many members of her coven during the days of the demon scourge. Either way, he trusted her to do exactly what she said she could do, a point which had taken a good hour or two to get through to Spike.

They were all wound up but fully aware that they needed to do this – Spike needed to be whole and this was the way to do it. Xander was currently “playing” with his gameface – flashing it on and off and commenting on the changes in vision in the near black darkness of the sewer. Angel was still shocked by the speed with which Xander seemed to have adjusted to his demon and the enhancements caused by it's integration into his body. His very walk was different, much more graceful as he tuned in to his new senses. The fact that he could now shake off his vampire face at will was impressive although it was doubtful he would be able to maintain that control whilst under the influence of strong emotion.

Unfortunately there were no distractions as they got closer to their destination. A good fight would have gone a long way to helping Spike deal with the excess energy that was almost vibrating through him. Halting and tilting his head to get his bearings, Angel realised that they were here.

“Let's just wait and see if some other solution presents itself”. Bouncing on the soles of his feet, Spike turned back towards Angel. “Nothing says we've got to do something now, right? I mean, I've lived with this thing this long, I can go a bit longer”.

Angel sighed. “Spike - “

“No, seriously. Mojo is never good and especially when it comes to me”.

Xander moved in front of Spike and dragged him into his arms. Spike held himself stiffly for a moment, before sinking into Xander's embrace, dropping his head onto Xander's shoulder.

“Sssh sweetheart, it's going to be okay”. Smiling sadly, Angel followed instincts gone rusty from lack of use and wrapped his arms around both of them.

“Do you think I would let anything cause you harm?” Tucking a hand behind the nape of each man, he turned their faces towards him. “You are my family and I will protect you with my life. We do this NOW! Our family will be at full strength and we will decide what we want to do, where we want to go, from a position of strength”. Tucking his head between Xander and Angel, Spike allowed himself just to “feel”. For so long he had been alone and lonely, struggling to appear strong whilst feeling at his weakest since his fledging days. Taking several deep breaths, he soaked up the love, support and strength being freely offered, part of him still struggling to accept that this was real, that it wasn't going to be snatched away.

“You okay? Spike, I know how you feel – I've had more than enough magic in my life to never want to see or hear about it again. But we'll do this, together. And we'll all come out the other side, okay?” Dropping a kiss against the shell of platinum, Xander hugged the slim vampire closer. He too was so scared that all that he had recently gained would be lost to him, but he knew this was the right thing to do. Angel trusted this White Witch and that was enough for him. Sire wanted them strong.

With one last sigh, Spike stiffened his shoulder and stood up straight.

“Right, let's get this fucking thing over and done with”.

It was strange to have to wait for an invite to enter someone's house, and it struck Xander anew that he was a vampire. However much he felt like himself, he had changed and would never be the same again. But he had to admit that whatever he had lost, he had more than gained enough to make it worthwhile, and wasn't that a kick in the pants.

He looked around the small room, anxious. Spike was lying down on a dark leather chaise lounge, obviously uncomfortable and fighting the urge to be irritating and aggravating as he normally was when he wasn't happy. Angel was pacing around the room, lifting up small knicknacks and putting them back down aimlessly. The White Witch (she hadn't given her name, claiming that to do so offered power) had everything prepared and was ready to begin. Sighing, Xander sat back and waited.

The actual spell took less than ten minutes for her to cast, and initially it looked like nothing had happened. Then Spike started to convulse and scream, clutching his head as the chip fired repeatedly. Leaping to his feet, Xander rushed over but Angel held him back, watching as Spike thrashed from side to side. Out of control, Spike fell from the chaise onto the floor, blood spewing from his mouth as he bit through his own lips.

“God, Angel Angel – do something!! This can't be right – what have you done to him?!” Tears streaming down his face, Xander fought to be released, desperate to get to Spike, to comfort him somehow. As suddenly as it had begun, Spike went still, lying flat on his back, looking exactly like a corpse. His mouth was covered in blood, tears drying on his face.

“Angel -?” Looking over at the Witch, Angel nodded and let Xander go. He instantly fell to the ground next to Spike, dragging him into his lap. “He's not dead, right? He's not dust so he's not dead – please, tell me he's not dead”. Keening, Xander rocked back and forth, clutching Spike to his chest as he looked to Angel and the Witch, begging for reassurance.

Angel shoved her the wall, his hand round her throat. “Tell me what you've done!”

“I did as you asked – the chip has been destroyed. Now we wait to see if your Childe has been destroyed with it”.

“You said he would be alright, that this was the right thing to do!” Screaming, Xander looked at Angel accusingly. Releasing the Witch, Angel walked over to Xander and took the two of them into his arms.

“Trust me, Xander. This will be alright. I promise you.” Rocking the two of them, Angel prayed he had told Xander the truth.

“Feed him and let him rest. He will come back to you within the next 24 hours if he is to come back at all”. Having made her pronouncement, the Witch turned and left the room.

Rising to his feet, Angel managed to lift Spike out of Xander's arms and balance him comfortably for the walk back through the sewers. He didn't want to risk a cab or using his car. He had been correct, Xander had shifted to his vampire face and couldn't shift back. There was no way either of them would have been able to drive while so on edge.

“Come on. Let's get back”. 

The walk back to the hotel was completed in silence, a marked contrast to their journey there. Spike's weight was slight, a reminder that he was not at full strength and Angel wondered whether he had been right, whether they should have waited. There was no point second-guessing, it was done now and all that remained was to wait and pray. A silent companion, Xander covered his back, ensuring that they made it back to the hotel safely.
Getting Spike up through the grate was difficult as they manoeuvred him up the ladder, but their combined strength ensured they didn't drop him and slamming and bolting the grate, Xander followed Angel into the bedroom.

Stripping Spike down, Angel tucked him beneath the covers and sat down next to him. Using his fangs, he tore into his wrist and pressed it against Spike's mouth. He watched, dismayed, as the blood trickled down the side of Spike's face, down his neck and onto the bed. She had said to feed him but how was he meant to do that with him unconscious? Xander came over with a damp cloth in his hand. He gently cleaned the blood from Spike's face, then carefully tugged at Spike's jaw until his mouth opened slightly. With a smile of gratitude, Angel again tore into his wrist, this time the blood flowing into Spike's mouth. With his other hand, Xander massaged Spike's throat, forcing him to swallow.

By the time Angel was feeling light-headed, he had torn into his wrist at least five times. Kneeling next to the bed, Xander whispered words of endearment and encouragement to Spike as he gently massaged his throat. He was hungry but he didn't want to leave Spike – if he was even slightly aware, Xander wanted him to know that he was there for him.

“Xander – enough now. You need to eat and I need to sleep. We've done everything we can – now we just wait”.

“Do you think - “

“He'll be fine – knowing Spike, he's just being his usual lazy ass and getting some extra sleep! Now, Childe, go eat, I'll stay with him”. Yawning, Angel stripped off and climbed into the bed, pulling Spike's limp body into his arms. “Go on. The quicker you eat, the quicker you can come back and get in here with us”.

Knowing Angel was right, Xander found it nearly impossible to tear himself away from his vigil. He watched as Angel's eyes drooped and then he drifted off, still holding Spike tightly. Satisfied for the moment that everything possible had been done, he turned away and headed towards the kitchen. He felt quite groggy and disengaged, and he realised he was so tired he could barely think straight. It felt as though he had been awake forever rather than just a few short hours, and he was operating on the bare minimum to do what needed to be done. All he wanted was to climb into bed with his lovers and sleep. Wake up the way he had that evening, in a tangle of limbs and laughter. To think that he and Spike had started the day off teasing Angel, apologising for leaving him out of their encounter but noting that he had managed to take care of himself quite adequately made tears come to his eyes, and his head dropped wearily to his chest. Less than two hours ago, he had been sick to death of hearing Spike whining and complain - now he would give almost anything to hear that obviously fake cockney accent moaning about the state of his boots.

Sighing, he quickly tore into two blood packets, pouring them into a mug and using the microwave to nuke them to body temperature. He drank quickly, taking little pleasure from the taste of the human blood. Not that it wasn't good – it was. It just wasn't Sire's blood, a taste that satisfied every need within him.

Realising that both Angel and Spike would be hungry when they awoke, he looked through the fridge and realised their supply was low. Aware that Angel had stacked a cooler full of blood behind what had used to be the reception desk, he made one last check that the two of them were sleeping then slipped up the stairs. Still in his vampire face, the darkness meant little to him but he definitely felt off, something niggling at him. Shrugging it off as another sign of how tired he was, he walked confidently behind the desk and bent down to pick up the cooler. Near silent shuffling sounds made him turn around, but not in time to avoid the tazer that jolted him in the centre of his back, sent pain shooting from his spine to his brain and knocked him out cold.