Kendall's Embarassing Encounter
by josh

Cast of Characters

Kendall - Average height, short blond hair that goes down to neck. Small breasts.

Emma - Same height as Kendall, short dark brown hair usually tied up in pigtail. Average breasts.

Maddie - Short. Blond hair that goes down to shoulders. Average breasts.

Bella - Similar height to Maddie. Curly brown hair that goes down to shoulders. Large breasts.


Part 1: The Pool

Kendall was currently at her friend Emma's pool. Kendall, Emma, and the rest of their friend group (Bella, Maddie) were all enjoying an afternoon of swimming around. Emma's parents were gone for a weekend trip, so the girls were taking advantage, spending the whole weekend together at Emma's house.

Kendall was dressed in a light pink triangle top bikini, Emma dressed in a more modest black bikini top and black swimming shorts, Maddie dressed in a blue bikini, and Bella dressed in a black bikini that accentuated her breasts.

Kendall had a crush on Emma, and her and Emma had been lightly flirting recently.
"I'm just not sure if it's like friend flirting like as a joke, or like real flirting flirting like she likes me" Kendall said to Bella. Kendall and Bella were on the opposite side of the pool of where Emma and Maddie currently were sunbathing outside of the pool.
"I mean... you'll have to just take it from there and see where it goes, y'know?" Bella replied.

Bella looked over at Kendall who was currently spaced out staring at Emma.
"Hold on, I've got the perfect idea to impress her!"

Kendall leapt out of the pool and walked over to the small diving board that was located on the opposite side of the pool as Emma.
"Hey Emma, take a look at this!" Kendall bounced once, bounced twice, and then leapt into the air. Kendall completed a front flip right into a nice clean dive that sent her past the waters surface with hardly a splash.

Underwater, Kendall swam over the opposite side of the pool. When she emerged, Emma was standing in shock. Kendall hopped out of the water in front of her and gave her a kiss on the cheek.
"Haha, Pretty impressive, huh Emma?" Kendall said as she stood, hands on her hips.
Emma was frozen staring down.
"Well I think she liked it! What about you guys? Impressive enough fo-" Kendall turned around to ask the other girls when she saw Bella standing on the other side of the pool, pink bikini bottoms in hand.

Emma gave Kendall a slap on the ass as Kendall panicked and leapt into the water. Emma's trance finally broke as she burst out into laughter.
"Nice booty, Kendall!" Kendalls face turned a brighr red. "Toss me those bottoms Bella!" Bella completed a clean throw right into Emma's hands.

Emma held the bottoms up in her hands, stretching them out and inspecting them. She then looked over the embarrassed Kendall, red faced and crouched over in the shallow end to ensure her privates with covered. Kendall held both hands over her front side, trapped in the pool around the other girls.

"Aww, do you want these Kendall?" Emma asked.
"Jesus Christ Emma just give them back to me please!" Kendall said, nodding her towards her to signal she wanted them.
"But Kendall, you look so much better without them!" Emma said. "I don't think you really need them anyways." Emma tossed the bottoms over her tall fence into some random neighbors yard.

"What the fuck Emma!" Kendall yelled, her face growing a brighter red. "Throw me a towel or something please!"
"We can't let the fun end just yet!" Emma said. "In fact..." she trailed off. "Hold on guys, entertain her for a minute.

"Come on guys, help me out! I can't just run out half naked like this" Kendall pleaded.
"Aw, its not so bad. And you do have a cute butt Kendall" Maddie said.
"Yeah, I would help you out but I reaaaally want to see where this is going" Bella added.

Emma walked back over with a towel.
"Come on Kendall, you only get this if you get out of the pool and grab it" Emma said, standing a few away from the pools edge.
"Aw, fuck you Emma!" Kendall said as she leapt out. Her butt bounced as it was on full display to Bella and Maddie. Emma dropped the towel and pulled Kendalls arms behind her back, tying them up with a piece of rope.

Kendall leapt up and down, trying to cover herself in some way.
"What the fuck Emma! Untie me!" Kendall begged, humiliated at this point.
"Aww, your pussy is just as cute as your ass!" Emma said. "Come on guys, let's head inside. The fun is just starting."


Part 2: The Pet

Kendall looked around hopeless as Maddie and Bella simply laughed at her exposed asscheeks. Emma began to walk towards the house.
"Come on guys, give me a towel or something, please!" Kendall pleaded. Bella and Maddie simply ran towards Emma, laughing.
"Hurry up girl, or you're getting locked out!" Bella teased. Red-faced, Kendall jogged towards the house.

Now inside, Emma shoved Kendall down onto the couch in her living room.
"So Kendall, what shall we do now?" Emma asked.
"Give me my fucking bottoms back! Or a pair of shorts at this point" Kendall yelled.
"Woah, no need to be rude girl. But I was in fact thinking the opposite, we need to get rid of that pesky top, it's ruining your look" Emma said, before proceeding to reach around Kendall's back.

Kendall resisted, thrashing around and trying to kick, but Emma easily untied Kendall's pink bikini top and tossed it off to the side.
"Ooh. They're a little small but they suit you well" Maddie complimented. Emma then untied Kendall's hands. Kendall immediately stood up and tried to cover up.

"Nuh-uh, no covering. Or I call every goddamn boy I know in our grade" Emma threatened. Kendall turned back toward the stairs and started walking.
"I'll be long gone by then!"
"Oh don't worry, I'll still be able to show them this!" Emma said with a grin.

Kendall turned around to see Emma's big flat-screen TV currently displaying a few pictures of Kendall walking around bottomless. Both her privates and her ass were on full display in the pictures, with her face also in the frame. All the color drained from Kendall's face.

"You wouldn't dare!" Kendall yelled.
"Oh but I would, but only if you try to cover up and don't follow directions" Emma ordered.
"God, fine!" Kendall said. All Emma could think about was how perfectly submissive Kendall was now.
"Stand right here, in front of the couch" Emma ordered, pointing to a spot. Kendall obliged.

"Alright Kendall, now turn around" Emma demanded. Kendall turned around, revealing a big red hand mark on her buttcheeks where Emma slapped her earlier.
"Aww, you poor baby. I didn't mean to hit you that hard. I'm so sorry" Emma said, "You've got a really nice butt though. What do you guys think?"
"I already told you earlier, you got a really cute butt" Maddie said.
"Y'know Kendall, it really is just that cute. But as I'm looking at it, it's a little lopsided right now. Let me fix that!" Bella said with a slap on Kendall's other buttcheek.

"Ah! What the hell!" Kendall said with a small leap into the air.
"See, now the handmarks are matching!" Bella said.


Emma paced back and forth around the living room.
"You see, there's a bit of a problem here Kendall. Your face isn't red anymore and it seems to me like you aren't awfully embarrassed anymore. So I think we need to change things up a little bit. Walk up the stairs my dear and we'll follow in just a second" Emma demanded. "And if I catch a single piece of clothing on you I swear to God every last inch of your naked body will be seen by the school."

Kendall gulped and walked slowly, uncovered, towards the stairs. As she walked up she could see the girls discussing something and suddenly grew very nervous. She never knew that Emma had such a sadistic side to her. Sure, Kendall could imagine taking Emma's bikini bottoms and playing around with them a bit but this whole video thing was way too far.

Kendall waited at the top of the stairs for the rest of the girls.

"Alright dear, head into my room" Emma said. "Lay down on my bed. Naked's fine, I don't mind!"
Kendall laid down. Emma pulled out a few restraints I had under my bed.
"Hey, don't question what a girl likes to do in her free time" Emma said.

"Your right hand, sweetie?" Kendall hesitated for a moment before her stomach dropped thinking about the video. She complied.
"And your left?" Kendall once again complied.
"And now to tie up both of your feet!" Kendall shuddered. Throughout her childhood her brother and sister discovered her insanely ticklish feet and Kendall was terrified of Emma finding out, especially tonight.

"You have such cute little feet, you know that Kendall? I know deep inside you like us admiring your pretty naked body like this" Emma said. Kendall blushed.
As Emma went to tie Kendalls feet up she brushed down the left foot on accident. Kendall shuddered and resisted the urge to laugh, even at just that little touch. Emma paused briefly before continuing, tying up Kendalls feet to the bed.

Kendall was now completely tied up, naked in Emma's bed.
"Now Kendall, we've decided to give each other a bit of free time with you. I'm going to put the cover over you and then one by one we'll all come in and spend a bit of personal time together. Sound good?"

Kendall simply nodded, horrified at what was to come.


Part 3: One-on-Ones: Maddie

Kendall laid in the room, silent. She was completely naked under the covers of the bed. Kendall was terrified of what was to come. If Emma wanted to make her more embarassed she sure got her wish.

Kendall heard a knock at the door and Maddie walked in.
"Uh, hey Kendall" Maddie said. Kendall was so humiliated to be in this situation but simultaneously so horny. Maddie looked so fucking hot as she stood there, awkwardly. The short toned girl wasn't exactly sure what to do with the nude girl under the covers.

"I mean, to be honest I feel kinda bad," Maddie said. "But y'know like... not bad enough to not take off these covers right now."
"Maddie please... just untie me and let me out of here. I'll jump out the window for Christ's sake." Kendall begged.
"Aw, cmon Kendall, you know I can't do that. I didn't think I liked girls but something about you standing on their pool deck, so proud of your dive with your pussy facing right at me and Emma. Jesus, it's burned into my head."

Maddie started to pull down the covers, moving them from Kendalls neck to her breasts.
"I didn't really get a good look at your titties down there. Some part of me was still trying to convince myself that I didn't want to see them."
Maddie moved the covers all the way down to Kendalls hips.
"But like holy shit, something about the naked girl walking around, fully in our control. I really want to touch myself right now." Kendall laid, completely still and silent. She was trying so hard not to shake, not to admit how badly she wanting to see Maddie rip off her bottoms and start rubbing herself right there in front of her.

"I don't know what I said earlier, but I mean tied up here right now... your tits look fucking amazing Kendall."
"T-thanks" Kendall half moaned out. Maddie threw the sheets past Kendalls feet and over the end of the bed.
"Jesus, the only other person who's pussy I've ever wanted to look at is Bella's" Maddie said before she stumbled back, her face turning bright red to match Kendall's. "And you won't say a fucking word about that."

"I would never, Mads. Besides, there's nothing wrong with liking girls. Even after all she's done the one thing I want is to be with Emma." Kendall admitted. Maddie stood there in the silence for a bit, staring at Kendall. But not Kendall's face, the rest of her body.
"Kendall do you mind... uh. D-do you mind if I touch you?" Maddie asked.
"N-no."

Maddie immediately went for Kendall's breasts, groping them.
"Everything about you is so cute Kendall. Cute tits, cute pussy, even cute feet" Maddie gave Kendall a little rub on her feet. Kendall immediately burst into laughter.
"Oooooh, is somebody ticklish?" Maddie continued to tickle Kendalls feet, causing her to start thrashing around.
"S-stop!" Kendall begged.
"I didn't know your cute feet were so ticklish Kendall!"

Maddie continued to tickle Kendall, on her feet and all around her body. Kendall thrashed around on the bed. As much as she hated to admit it, getting her feet tickled while tied up, completely naked and helpless, was incredibly arousing for Kendall. The longer the tickling went on the closer Kendall felt she was to cumming.

"Mad... Maddie you... got t... to stop!" Kendall pleaded.
"Oh I don't think so!" Kendalls moans grew louder.
"P-p-please" Kendall begged. Kendall let out a huge moan as her full body shuddered. She spun around and tried to get out of the restraints as she came onto the sheets of the bed.

"Holy shit! I never thought I'd be able to make you cum!" Maddie was shocked. Kendalls face was a bright red. She had never done anything sexual, yet alone orgasm in front of anyone.
"Don't be embarrassed Kendall, that was the hottest fucking thing I've ever seen. I swear to God I'll be thinking of that every time I cum from now on!"
Kendall laid in her mass of sweat, cum soaking into the bedsheets between her legs, embarassed.

"My times up Kendall" Maddie said as she started to walk out. "Shit, I'll cover you up first."
"Have fun with Bella!"


Part 4: One-on-Ones: Bella

Kendall once again laid in the silence, attempted to process what just happened to her. Kendall had gone from barely even looking at herself naked to cumming over her friends bed while another friend tickled her naked body all over.

"Holy shit" Kendall said under her breath. Kendall was still shaking from the embarrassment and the thrill of it all.

Suddenly the door opened and shut and Bella walked right up next to Kendall.
"Hey Kendall, how was your orgasm?" Bella asked, hands on her hips.
"Wha-what?" Kendall quietly and nervously responded.
"Cut the shit, you weren't exactly quiet as you moaned and thrashed around. Plus that look in Maddies eyes told me everything I needed to know."

Kendall didn't respond. She was transfixed on Bella. Kendall watched as Bellas bare stomach moved as she breathed. She look at Bella's perfect tits as they sat in her triangle bikini top. Kendall saw Bellas tan lines through her string bikini bottoms.

"Hey, you wanna talk to me or just keep looking at my tits?" Bella asked.
"Oh, uhh" Kendall mumbled.
"Don't worry, I don't mind" Bella said as she pulled the covers off Kendall. She moved Kendall over slightly and laid down next to her. "I'm sure you're jealous of my tits, it's no big deal."
"What? No!" Kendall said. Bella tossed off her bikini top, fully revealing her breasts to Kendall.

"Just look at them, side by side" Bella said. She tried to push Kendalls together to middling results. Bella then pushed her own breasts together, jiggling them around. "There's nothing wrong with having tiny tits, they look cute on you. Plus you've got some other sexy qualities."

Kendall was embarrassed by the tiny tits comment but still curious.
"Like...?"
"Well for one, your cute butt!" Bella said. "I couldn't resist slapping it earlier!" As she said this, Bella pushed her hand under and grabbed Kendalls butt. "Ew, it's really sweaty down there." Kendall blushed in embarrassment again.

"I also couldn't resist staring at your perfect round asscheeks as you stood up on the pool deck so unaware." Bella said.

Bella was probably the most open sexually of the group, and so it wasn't too shocking to Kendall when Bella untied her own bikini bottoms and tossed them to the ground. Bella started rubbing her privates.

"I'm sitting here right to next to you completely fucking naked and all I can think about is the pool outside." Bella said with a moan. "The way you stood up so confidently with your perfect round ass in the sun, the way your face burned red as you turned around and realized you were naked. How you tried to hide in the pool even though we had already seen everything."

"The way that Emma, the girl that you love, dangled your bottoms in front of you and treated you like a little girl because that's all you are now. She's in control. I'm gonna cum all over the sheets just like you thinking about how in control she was and how much it humiliated you, not just being naked in front of us all but having her command you around. You don't even know what she has planned for you."

"What doe-" Kendall tried to ask.
"Shh, don't worry about it" Bella said as she put one of her fingers, wet from her pussy up to Kendalls mouth. "Hey, do you mind if I touch you?" Kendall wanted to resist giving Bella more power but she couldn't resist.
"Y-yes."

Bella straddled Kendall, rubbing her wet pussy up and down Kendalls stomach.
"Be honest, do you wanna touch me right now?" Bella asked.
"Yes" Kendall said.
"What do you wanna touch?" Bella said. She was still moving back and forth over Kendalls stomach, rubbing her own pussy. "My pussy's off limits though, my first times gonna be with Maddie, so long as she wants it, and your first times gonna be with Emma." Kendall blushed at the thought

"I-I-I" Kendall struggled to say what she wanted.
"Come on, spit it out! I'm rubbing my pussy on top of you for Christ's sake."
"I want to touch your tits."
"Why?"
"B-because." Kendall mumbled.
"No, I want a real answer. What has led up to you wanting to touch my tits?"

"I've been looking at them all day, a-and they sit so perfectly in your bikini top" Kendall said.
"And? Maddies got some good tits. I mean, she's no pornstar but she's got cute ones. You wanna grab hers?"
"N-not really."
"So why do you want to grab mine so bad?" Bella demanded.
"Fine! Because you've got big...big tits and I've never felt anything like em before!"

"Ooh, finally admits she's got a case of the itty bittys!" Bella laughs. "Here's the deal, I can't untie you, so I can't let you feel them that way... nothing in the rules about your mouth though!"

Bella moves herself up so that her breasts are in Kendalls face. Still rubbing herself with one hand over Kendalls stomach, she let's her breasts sag over onto Kendalls mouth.

"Come on, suck on them already and let me cum!" Kendall puts her lips over Bellas mouth, figuring put what to do on the spot. Kendall starting sucking with licking her nipple.

Somehow it was still incredibly embarrassing for Kendall, despite her sucking the tit of another naked girl. Maybe it was the complete control Bella had, the fact that Bella was so much more open sexually. Bella had stripped completely on her own while Kendall was only naked on accident.

Suddenky Bella grabbed onto Kendalls breast, still shaking back and forth while rubbing herself.
"Keep going," Bella said with a moan. "Keep thinking about how fucking humiliating it was to be naked in front of all of us, including Emma. I saw how red you got when Maddie called your itty bitty titties out for what they are. Or when Emma showed you those pictures we took of you, all tied up and unable to cover yourself despite your body begging you to!"

"Why don't you tell me how it felt, Kendall?"
"Incredibly fucking embarrassing. All I wanted to do was impress her and suddenly I'm half naked in front of all of you guys. I tried to cover up in the pool but you guys were all surrounding me. Then, I'm promised my shit back and she fucking ties me up. You guys were all staring right at me naked and there was nothing I could do. Then I'm stuck inside, unable to go anywhere because I'm completely naked and she took fucking photos of me naked! I wanted to die and never have to feel so humiliated again."

"Oh fuck" Bella said, orgasming and cumming all over Kendalls stomach.
"Thank you, Kendall. That was so fucking hot." Bella got off Kendall and grabbed some tissues. She cleaned her pussy off before grabbing some tissues to clean off Kendall.
"Let's get you all ready for Emma! I'm sure y'all will have a great time, especially with what she has planned for later!" Bella teased. Bella retied her bikini to her body and headed out.
