TWINS IN LOVE

Chapter 2

  "Oh Kenny, that was really nice. I came, Kenny. Really."

"You learn quick." My hands were still massaging her pussy up and down. She was soaked with juice.
Her breathing was quick. Her tits rising and falling with her heavy breathing.

I laid down next to her now, and reached to caress her right tit.
"How did I do sis?"
"Great Kenny. I mean it. I really came nice."

I leaned up and kissed her on the cheek. My hand sliding down to her wet pussy and massaging it. Her legs still widespread.

"Oh Kenny. I love you."
"I love you too hon." 
"We could get in so much trouble Kenny."

"Here we are twins. and playing with each other."

"I needed it Karen. It felt nice to have you jerk me off for a change."
"I do it too, Kenny. I was afraid sometimes that you would hear me in my room when I really fingered myself."

"Now, here we are both naked."

My hand was still massaging her pussy as she once again turned slightly to reach my cock.
Her hand circled it and gripped it.
I pumped her hand.

"Wow, you're so hard again!"

"Karen?"
"Yeah, Ken?"
"Would you let me slide it between your legs? I won't go inside. Just slide up and down?"

"Will you pull away when you start to cum?"

"Yeah. I promise. We don't need to make any babies."

"That's right, Kenny."

"Yeah, I would like to feel this hard thing slide against me"
"OK. slide it in." She closed her legs and waited for me to get on top of her.
"Help me hon. I need to hold myself up.'

Karen reached and guided my cock between her pussy lips.
I plunged straight down and she moaned. 

"OOOOHHH Kenny. That feels so nice against my clit."

"OOOHH. Keep that up......OOOOHHH a REAL cock sliding in there!"

I fucked up and down as I looked down at my twin.
Her arms came up to pull me down to her face and I kissed my twin sister on the lips for the very first time with a sexy passion.

Her mouth opened as my tongue slipped in. She sucked it softly.
My cock sliding up and down feeling like I was in heaven. Her pussy matching my pumps.

"OOOOHHH Kenny. I like this.  Just don't cum near there, OK?"
"Yeah hon. When I'm ready to cum, just close your hands around my cock and finish me like you did before, OK?"

"OK, Kenny."

"OOOHHH Your pussy feels so wet and warm, Karen."

She rose her hips and pressed hard against my raging hard cock trying to get it against her clit.
I could feel her entire pussy lips clamping around my cock.


"OOOOHHH Karen. This is so close to actually fucking hon."

"I really like this Kenny. It feels nice against my clit and pussy too.
Just don't cum....."

We pumped and pumped like this for about two more minutes. I felt her go through another orgasm and it made me start to cum. 
I pulled out of her pussy valley and started to shoot on her belly as her hands quickly came down to wrap around my cock and stroke it again. 
This time it forced my cum to shoot up near her tits as I knelt over her. Her wide  eyes watching intently with each spurt.

"OOOOHHH Karen. It feels so fucking nice hon." I pumped like crazy in and out of her grasping hands.
Her eyes looking down at my spurting cock and up to me. Excitedly.
Her hands working softly but quickly to match my thrusts in them.

Finally, my cock was empty. I moved up so that my cock laid between her tits now.
I could feel my wet cum sliding on and around my balls and groin.
Her hands still softly caressed my cock as she looked down at it between her tits.

"OOOHHH Kenny, I came and you came again." 
"It was nice."
"Your cock really felt nice sliding up and down inside my slit like that!"
"You were scraping against my clit and it made me go wild, Kenny."

Her hands slowed with their stroking on my cock still between her tits now, and I rolled over and laid next to her.

"Oh Kenny...what are we doing? This is so fucking wrong for both of us."
I never heard her use foul language before.

"It feels so nice Kenny. I feel something when you touch me. Its so different than Bobby or other guys I kissed."

"I feel something different too, sis."

"Oh, Kenny....!" she turned to me and put her arm around my neck and pressed her mouth to mine. Her tits firmly against my chest as she kissed me with her heart.
My hand went up and down her back as we kissed.
I caressed her soft ass and hips.

"Oh Kenny." I leaned down now, and licked her nipples softly. Her hand once again stroking my hair lovingly.

Now, both her hands held my face. 
"Kenny?"
"Yeah hon?
Would you show me how to do a blowjob?"

"Are you sure you want to learn that?" 

"Yes, Kenny. All the girls talk about sucking their guys off and I know Bobby wants it too." 

"Show me Kenny. Please."
Her tits pressed into my chest again as she leaned into me and kissed me full as a lover.

"OK, hon. Its best if you kneel between my legs. That way, you can reach all of me and make it easier for both of us."

Ok.
Karen got between my legs and looked down at my cock. Her hands went to it and she lovingly stroked it.
"Don't forget the balls hon."

"Now, if you can sort of lay between my legs...."

"Like this?"
 "Yeah." My cock was right in front of her face now.

"Stroke it just like that hon." 
"Oh Kenny....I'm about to suck my very first cock.
My own brother's cock."

"I don't even mind, either."
"OK, Karen, lick my balls and sack and then suck them into your mouth. 
OOOOHHHH That's it.
Not hard honey. Roll your tongue over them now, while their in your mouth."
"OOOOHHHH That's it!"
 Her hand holding my cock still in front of her face.
I leaned up on my elbows once again and watched my sister take my balls into her mouth.
I smiled down to her.

"Lick them nice in your mouth......OOOOHHH Like that. Oh Karen!"
Her eyes twinkling with excitement.
Stroke my cock soft now. OOOOHHH That's it.

"Now slide your tongue up and down my whole cock. Nibble it with your teeth softly."

"OOOOHHH Karen. That's perfect."

"Now hold my balls in your fingers and slide your mouth straight down on my cock."
She raised her head and lowered her warm mouth down.

 OOOOHHHHH. "Careful of your teeth. Suck now honey."
"Up and down and suck. Play with my balls at the same time."
"OOOOHHH Karen....You're doing a real blowjob, honey."

Her excited soft moans coming from her throat. She had more than half my cock in her mouth now.
I took one of her hands and guided her fingers to stroke up and down as she sucked.
"Jerk me off into your mouth honey.....That's it. OOOOHHH Karen."

She pleasantly went up and down for quite a while now.
I knew I was nearing a cum. I knew I should warn her also.
   "I'm gonna cum, honey." She lifted her mouth and said, "OK, Kenny. I'll try to be ready for it." She went back to sucking up and down nicely. Her eyes looking into mine.
My own sister with my cock in her mouth for the very first time.
I started to shoot. Looking into her eyes, she felt my cum spurting. She choked at first but didn't stop sucking. I grabbed her hand and showed he how to jerk it with her fingers now, as I shot spurt after spurt into her mouth.

"OOOHHHH Karen honey.....OOOOHHHH suck me honey.....suck me.....Oh Karen honey!"  Her fingers still stroking softly as she felt my cum slowing.
Her mouth went deeper on my cock now.


"OOOOHHH Karen!"......Her head went faster, forcing any cum left in my balls to shoot out.

She was on her knees now. Jerking me faster and sucking hard. She was as excited as me.

My hands went to her head and caressed her hair as my spasms finally subsided.

Her fingers caressing my balls and sack as I asked her to do.
My softening cock now completely in her mouth.

"OOOHHH Karen.  OOOOHHHH You just drained me honey. You took all my cum into you."

I pulled her up by the arms and kissed her. My arms around her as she knelt over my thighs.

"OOOHHH Karen. Thank you honey."
"I didn't think you would suck my cum."

"I thought you would turn away when I started."

"Jenny told me that's the worst thing a girl can do, Ken."

"She's so right."
"It didn't taste bad at all Kenny. I liked it."
"It really excited me when I felt my own brother shooting  in my mouth."

"I liked the feel of your balls in my mouth too. Their so soft Kenny."

I pulled her all the way down and laid her on top of me. I kissed her with a passion now.

"Karen?"
"Yeah Ken?"

"If I get some safeties, will you let me go inside?"

"Oh Kenny....I don't know hon. I always wanted to be a virgin when I got married."

"OK. Forget it. I'm sorry."

Her hands were all over my face and she leaned down to kiss me.

"Kenny, can we do this again?"

"I feel nice with you. I feel kind of afraid with Bobby and always having Jenny and Jack around when we fool around."
"I'm so afraid that Bobby might not want to stop and then force me to take his cock inside."
"That's why I want to learn how to jerk him off and give him blowjobs."

   "Yeah, sis. I like this too. Like you said...I feel something special when we touch."
"I loved the way you just sucked me. Bobby will too, if you do the same way hon."

"Karen?"
"Yeah?"

"Let me rest a little bit and then can I go between your legs once more?"

"Yeah, sure Ken. I like it too."
I pulled her close and we rested for a while. Talking about the dance tommorrow night.















