Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Bimbo App Chapter Twelve: Watching the Hot MILF with His Bimbos
Summary: As Eric watches Mrs. Mayers do her sexy backyard yoga, he wishes he had the crystals to make her his bimbo-MILF!
Keywords: mF ff mFf FF mff FFF fsolo mc inc oral creampie anal A2M rim exhib voy wife cuck inter

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this!

Eric Murphy

Mrs. Juarez and Barbie, my newest bimbos, headed to the bathroom to get cleaned up. The pair giggled and held hands, just a pair of empty-headed sluts that had spent all day fucking men for money. Mrs. Juarez at the gloryhole at school and barbie walking the streets in her slutty cheerleader's uniform.

Where had she even got that slutty cheerleader's outfit she was stripping off and leaving on the floor?

I sank down on the couch, feeling relieved after the conversation with Barbie's father. I hadn't thought about having to deal with a pissed-off father that didn't like what I had done to his daughter. But he had enjoyed his daughter, hadn't he?

He had fucked her for money. Paid me to pound his daughter's cunt. Now he had the bimbo app, too. It was spreading fast. Things were going to change in this city. It was good that I had gotten in early. 

I wanted to get Mrs. Mayers next, but I needed a lot of bimbo crystals to get her. So I checked out the app to see how much they had made. Both of them had been doing different jobs. Out there being fucked for money.

I checked Barbie first. I had set her to earn me more money for the sex acts she performed than Mrs. Juarez. Barbie was a streetwalker. She was targeting adult men while Mrs. Juarez was working a high school bathroom gloryhole. Figuring that high school boys would have little money, I lowered what she charged.

Barbie made $5575 today. I smiled at that. I leaned back on the couch. That was some fucking money. More than my mother made in a month. One day of work. I grinned and would have to reward Barbie.

Then I checked Mrs. Juarez and...

Holy fuck, I gasped.

She had made an even $10,000 in the same amount of time as Barbie.

I sat there stunned. She had charged so much less for her acts, so why had she made nearly twice as much as Barbie? My eyes widened as it hit me. It was a question of volume. A streetwalker who took a guy back to her hotel room was servicing one guy at a time. And she couldn't do as many, either. While Mrs. Juarez would be sucking one guy off as another was fucking her pussy or asshole. Two boys at once with a line of them ready for more.

She charged less, but she had also been used continuously during the day. That woman must have drunk so much cum and taking so much jizz in her. All while that cuckold of hers watched. Did he jerk off the entire time?

It didn't matter. That gave me $15,575 in credits plus the $30 I already had. So I cashed out the $15,605 in the app for 390 bimbo Crystals with five dollars in credit left over. With the five crystals I already had, I now had 395 bimbo crystals.

Which was short of the 729 crystals that I needed to get my next one. So no Mrs. Mayers doing naked yoga for me yet. Oh well. I didn't think she was in danger of getting grabbed by any of the guys who had the bimbo app. She would be safe for a day.

Tomorrow, I would definitely have the 729 crystals I needed.

I checked all the levels, and my bimbos were between a half to three-quarters of the way through Level 2. I couldn't wait to see what Level 3 would bring. What new skills they would have? That would be exciting. 

The bathroom door opened and the two giggling bimbos came darting out all dripping wet. I rose and let them throw themselves at me. I had Barbie and Mrs. Juarez both raining me in kisses as they rubbed their wet bodies against me.

Oh, oh, you're my pimp and I had so many johnnies and I fucked them all and they came in me and it was so awesomey and I love being a prostytute. It's just the bestest best!

I sucked on dicks and cocks fucked my pussy and my hubby just watched and said I was super duper hottie as I loved all those boys with my cunt and my butt and my mouth and I loved it oh, so much mi hermosai!

I held them to me as they both kissed me and moaned about how much fun they had as my whores. I grabbed their asses and smiled at them. My other bimbos were all giggling and hugging and kissing each other. They were all so sexy.

Come on, I said. It's time for backyard yoga.

I led my two dripping-wet bimbos to the stairs. Barbie and Mrs. Juarez clung to me. They were both so affectionate, my t-shirt soaked to my chest from their wet boobs. They planted kisses on my cheeks as I squeezed their naked asses.

Mrs. Juarez had a plump one while Barbie's was toned.

I took them upstairs and to my bedroom window. I was so ready for the show. I wanted to have the perfect view of all the fun. I had been interrupted by Cherry yesterday when I had tried to watch Mrs. Mayers and jerk off.

Now, she was giggling and making out with our mother.

Mrs. Juarez, I said. I pointed to the window. You kneel right beneath there, open your mouth wide, and deep-throat my cock.

I love deepy-throating cocks, mi hermosai! She squealed. They're so yummy! Ay carambai! Just so delicious and biggie and feel so goody down my throat.

She broke from me, scrambled over my bed, and reached the window. She dropped to her knees, her big, golden brown boobs smacking together. Her flesh rippled from the impact. She opened her mouth so wide.

Aaaaaaahhhhhhhh!

I grinned and broke away from her to scramble over the bed. I ripped off my shirt in the process. When I landed on the other side, I shoved off my jeans and boxers. My cock popped out hard and ready to just ram into her mouth and make her cum. I loved the way she licked her lips. She was so eager for it. Just so ready to suck my dick. I couldn't wait for her to nurse on me.

Ooh, ooh, fuck her mouth, honey bunny, Mom cooed behind me.

I'm also going to watch Mrs. Mayers do backyard yoga like a complete pervert, I said.

Yay! Do it! cheered Mom. That sound so dirty, but if you wanna watch someone eat yogurt in their backyard, then do it!

I rolled my eyes. Such a bimbo.

I rammed my cock into Mrs. Juarez's mouth as I planted my hands on the windowsill. Mrs. Mayers was already out there on her yoga mat. She wore God's gift to men: yoga pants. Hers was a maroon shade today that cupped her rump that was aimed nearly right at my window. She was doing that A pose, bent over with her hands and feet planted on the mat.

God, she never wears panties, I groaned, seeing her plump pussy lips perfectly outlined by the tight cloth. I'm going to tear that cunt up tomorrow, Mrs. Mayers.

I watched the hot wife next door holding the pose as my Hispanic bimbo suckled on my cock. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my dick. She suckled hard, pleasure shooting down my cock. 

I gripped the window sill, staring at Mrs. Mayers's ass and her outlined pussy. Her short bob of auburn hair swayed around her face as she rose from it and went into a standing pose on one leg. As she did, she turned around to face me, her big boobs held in a sports bra that showed a lot of cleavage.

She looked so serene with her hands folded before her in prayer, her eyes closed, and a smile on her lips. I savored the way her big boobs jiggled as she shifted to hold the pose. My cock ached in Mrs. Juarez's hot mouth.

She slid her lips down and down my cock until I hit the back of her throat. Then she deep-throated me with ease. That was her last upgrade. When she hit Level 2, she became a Deep Throat Specialist. I shuddered as I slid down her gullet.

Fuck, I groaned, my hands tightening on the window sill.

It was heaven in Mrs. Juarez's mouth.

Just plain heaven. 

She suckled on my cock hard. She nursed on my dick with such passion while humming. The buzz of her vocal cords danced around the tip of my dick, massaging my crown. She changed her pitch, working the vibrations up and down my dick in different ways.

Goddamn, Mrs. Juarez, that's amazing, I groaned.

Yay! Cherry squealed. That's so awesomey! You be awesomey, Mrs. Juarez, and sucky hard on my big brother's biggie dickie! He's the bestest best there is!

He is! squealed Tina, my bimbofied girlfriend. Oh, that's so neato that you know he's the bestest best there bestest is, Cherry!

It is! my sister answered with just as much girlish enthusiasm. I heard them jumping in eager delight. Ooh, ooh, your boobies feel so nice on my big titties! Puurrrrr!

So nicey! my bimbo-girlfriend answered. Makes my pussy all wet and itch and wanna be touched and licked and fucked and have so many cummies!

Puuurrrrrrr! my sister shouted, trying to be that kitty cat. 

A moment later, Tina was gasping out in delight. My sister must be just going to town on my girlfriend's pussy, the two bimbos so eager to play with each other. It was hot. Like Mrs. Mayers now sinking to her yoga mat.

She spread her legs wide. I groaned as Mrs. Juarez bobbed her mouth, my dick still buried down her gullet. I stared at the MILF's crotch, her yoga pants molding to her pussy. Then she bent over to touch her toes, letting me see down her cleavage.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I groaned as Mrs. Juarez's lips nuzzled into my bush again and again, taking every inch of my dick down her throat. She moaned the entire time. That's so hot!

Yeppers! Cherry squealed. Tina's pussy-kitty is so hot and wet and juicy and I lovey licking it so much, big brother! Yay!

Yay! gasped Tina. I love you licking my pussy-kitty so muchy much, Cherry! Ooh, ooh, that's so goody good!

I wanted to look back, but I was enraptured by the sway of Mrs. Mayers's big boobs in her sports bra I gripped the window sill as she then changed her pose again. This time, she lifted her left leg up from that sitting position, holding her ankle to her cheek. Her pussy was on display again.

The cloth hugged her shaved and plump vulva. I wanted to eat that cunt out. I ached for it as Mrs. Juarez fucked her throat up and down my dick. I just stood there and enjoyed the show, my other bimbos moaning in the background.

I loved having a harem of bimbos. My six were just so amazing. Mom, Cherry, Tina, Mrs. Waters, Barbie, and Mrs. Juarez were all just so fucking sexy. I was glad that I had them all. That I could enjoy every one of them. It was so delightful.

Yes, that's it, Mrs. Mayers, I groaned as Mrs. Juarez's deep-throating skills brought me closer and closer to dumping my cum down her stomach. Hold that pose. Oh, you can do it, you sexy MILF. Fuck! You're just so hot.

The pressure in my balls grew and grew as I watched the MILF. She changed pose again. She rose up on her feet, her big boobs bouncing she turned around again and this time she nearly folded herself in half. Her hands clutched at her ankles, her face appearing between her thighs. 

God, could she eat her own pussy?

The yoga pants molded to her rump, hugging the contours. They fell into her butt-crack. She might as well be naked. I trembled as the pressure in my nuts hit that bursting point. Mrs. Juarez moaned around my cock, massaging the crown as she bobbed her head. 

Fuck, yes! I groaned and erupted.

I fired my cum down Mrs. Juarez's throat. I pumped more and more cunt on Mrs. Juarez's mouth as I stared at Mrs. Mayers ass. The pleasure slammed through me as I enjoyed the view. Mrs. Juarez slid her lips up my cock until my dick popped out of her gullet.

My jizz sprayed her mouth now. The sexy, Latina teacher gulped down my jizz. I loved the way the bimbofied wife swallowed my cum. I grunted, stars twinkling around Mrs. Mayers as she released her pose, stretching her back.

Shit, shit, shit, I groaned as she bent over backward and planted her hands on the ground behind her. She arched her stomach in the air, her big boobs jiggling. Fuck!

I dumped the last of my cum into Mrs. Juarez's hungry mouth. I shuddered, loving every second of that delicious heat washing through me. The naughty bimbo suckled hard on me. She nursed with such passion to draw out the last of my cum.

That is so hot, I moaned, staring at Mrs. Mayers holding that pose. She was so limber. God, I can't wait until she's my bimbo!

You should make her your bimbo right now! Mom cheered.

Yes, yes, bimbos are awesomey! gasped Mrs. Waters, Tina's mother. I lovey being a bimbo and eating pussy and sucking your dick and dancing at the club and meeting all those nice men who give me money for lappy dances.

Yeah, I groaned as Mrs. Mayers rose from her pose. She bent down to roll up her yoga mat, giving me one last look at that ass hugged by her pants. Then the show was over. That hot wife had no idea what she had done to me. How she had teased me.

She'd learn tomorrow.

I ripped my cock out of Mrs. Juarez's mouth and fell back on my bed. I groaned as I realized Barbie was kneeling on it beside me, her round boobs jiggling. She had no tan lines on her body. That was hot. Her blonde hair fell in damp curls around her face. She grinned at me.

Did you have a goody time, Eric? asked Barbie. She bounced up and down.

I had a fucking amazing time, I said, my dick twitching. So, you're an A2M Specialist now. You just love sucking dirty dicks clean.

I do! she squealed. Do you need your dick sucky cleaned of... Confusion flicked across the cheerleader's face. She struggled with a thought. It was cute watching her trying to think. But you didn't... put your dick in any bootyhole. That's a goodyhole, Eric. Not an ouchyhole at all.

No, it's not, I said, grabbing my dick. Why don't you just slide your asshole down my dick and ride me with that hot anal sheath? Then you'll have something dirty to clean.

Barbie squealed and clapped her hands together. You're such a smarty warty pants, Eric! My pimp is so wise and smart and hot and has a big dick and... She threw her legs over my waist and grabbed my wet cock. Just so awesomey! I love you!

Me, too, gasped Tina as she shuddered, enjoying my little sister going down on her. I lovey him so much. I lovey dovey love him more than this room! That's how biggie my love is.

Wow! Barbie stared at Tina in awe. That's so much! You so lovey him. That's so sweetie. I lovey dove it! Yay!

She pressed my cock into her butt-crack and right against her asshole. She didn't hesitate. She knew just how to move it to reach it. She pushed her anal ring against the tip of my dick and groaned, her round boobs jiggling. I stared at her juicy pussy as she wiggled her hips. Her sphincter widened.

She gasped as my dick popped into her asshole. Her bowels engulfed my dick. I groaned as she sank down my dick. She swallowed my cock with her velvety asshole in a second. She bottomed out on me, her boobs bouncing.

Biggie dicky in my bootyhole! squealed my bimbo cheerleader. She squeezed her asshole around my dick, massaging me with her bowels with the same skill my mother had with her pussy.

Shit, I groaned. Mom, come over here and lick her cunt. I want you to eat her pussy while I eat yours!

Ooh, ooh, I lovey having my pussy eaten, Mommy cheered. She clapped her hands and rushed to the bed, her big boobs heaving. And eating pussy is just the bee's knees. I lovey dovey it so much! I'll be so goody great at it, honey!

Mom crawled onto the bed as Barbie slid her asshole up my dick. She squeezed her hot bowels around my dick and gave me such pleasure. I loved every second of her massaging me like that. It was perfect. The heat melted down to my nuts. They tightened as she plunged back down me.

Mom straddled my face. Her blonde bush dripped with her tart pussy juices. That wonderful aroma of her forbidden pussy filled my nose. She planted her muff on my mouth a moment later, grinding her silky pubic hairs into my lips and cheeks.

I licked at the hole that birthed me.

Ooh, Eric, honey, yay! she groaned as I flicked my tongue through her thick folds, savoring her pubic hair rubbing on my face.

She bent over, her boobs pillowing against my stomach. Barbie gasped, her asshole tightening around my dick in such a delicious way. Mom began her feast. I grabbed her plump rump as I ate out my bimbofied mother.

It was great that she made me an after-school snack like she had when I was younger. Though it had never been this naughty. I loved how good she tasted. She just had such a delicious snatch that I licked and lapped at.

Ooh, ooh, that's so goody, Eric's mommy! squealed Barbie. I lovey dove it so much! Your tongue is just so delicious!

So is your pussy! Mom squirmed on me, her boobs massaging my stomach. Just so yummy and delicious and nummy and goody and I lovey eating your cunty so much!

Mom wiggled her hips back and forth, rubbing her snatch across my face and massaging me with her wonderful curls. I groaned as Barbie worked that hot asshole up and down my cock. The pressure in my balls swelled as I enjoyed another part of my after-school snack. 

This was the life. Owning a harem of bimbos was so hot. Tina moaned louder. Mrs. Waters and Mrs. Juarez were kissing out of the corner of my eye. That was hot. My two married bimbos were both cuckolding their husbands.

And those husbands loved it.

I tongued Mom's pussy, licking at her incestuous flesh as Barbie worked that hot cunt up and down my dick. She squeezed her bowels around my cock. She knew just what she was doing. She drove me wild with that hot asshole.

Barbie wiggled her hips as she rode my cock, stirring her bowels around my aching dick. I squeezed Mom's ass while watching Barbie's blonde hair dancing around her cute face. She worked her asshole up and down my dick, massaging me with that delicious anal sheath.

I thrust my tongue into Mom's cunt. My bimbo-mommy squealed in delight, her pussy clenching down around my probing tongue. That felt so good. I loved it so much. I thrust my tongue into her cunt and danced it around in her.

Mmm, my son is such a goody son, whimpered Mom. He just eats my pussy and licks it and makes me feel so greaty good!

Yay! gasped Barbie. She clapped her hands together. And you make my pussy feel so greaty good, too! Ooh, ooh, your hottie son's big dickie is so big! I lovey it so much in my bootyhole!

Yes, yes, so goody in the butt! Tina moaned. Cherry! Cherry! Yay!

My bimbo-girlfriend squealed as she came. I loved the sounds she made as she flooded my little sister's mouth. My tongue flicked through Mom's folds. I licked and lapped at her with such hunger. My tongue danced around in her cunt. I flicked about in that delicious snatch of hers, enjoying every second of feasting on her like this.

She groaned and squeezed her tart twat around my tongue. I loved feasting on her as Barbie rode my dick. The cheerleader gripped my cock with her hot asshole. She massaged me, bringing me closer and closer to bursting in her asshole.

Fuck, I groaned into Mom's pussy. I squeezed her rump as I flicked my tongue around her bud. Ride that cock, Barbie!

I am, Eric! she squealed. Right? I think I am. Oh, thinkie suckies, but riding your dickie is not suckies. It's so not suckies! Yay!

Barbie gripped my dick with her asshole. She massaged me with her anal sheath. She wiggled her hips, stirring her bowels around me. I groaned as the slut plunged down my cock. I groaned around Mom's clit.

Bimbos were the best.

Tina and Cheery were kissing and hugging each other. Mrs. Waters was feasting on Mrs. Juarez's pussy. The sounds of bimbos gasping echoed through my bedroom as I enjoyed that hot asshole working up and down my dick.

I nibbled on Mom's clit, the pressure in my nuts building and building. I couldn't wait to erupt in Barbie's asshole as Mom drowned me in her pussy cream. I suckled at her taboo bud. She moaned into Barbie's cunt, feasting on the blonde, too.

My fingers dug into her rump. I kneaded Mom's ass as the bimbo-cheerleader worked her asshole up and down my cock. She knew what she was doing to me. It was just a thrill to have that hot anal sheath working up and down me. 

Just fantastic.

I couldn't take much more of this. I nursed hard on Mom's clit. She gasped, her butt-cheeks clenching beneath my fingers. My tongue danced around her bud. I nibbled on her with my soft lips. Her tart juices grew hotter.

Mommy's gonna cummy so hard! she whimpered. Oh, Eric, honey, you're so goody to me. You're so goody to your mother. Just such a goody woody son with a goody woody dick!

So goody woody! gasped Barbie working her asshole up and down my cock. I'm gonna cummy, too! Yippee skippy!

Fuck, I groaned, my nuts about to burst. I nibbled on my mom's clit. I suckled on her hot bud. 

Eric, honey, yeesssss!

Mom's tart juices gushed out of her cunt. I groaned, soaked in incestuous juices. I loved all that cream spilling out and soaking my mouth. She tasted so good. I licked at her, Barbie riding my dick with her tight asshole.

My pimp! gasped Barbie, slamming her bowels down my aching cock. I love my pimpy Eric! Woot!

Her asshole convulsed around my dick. Mom moaned into Barbie's pussy, drowning in cunt cream, too. It was so hot as I licked up her pussy juices while enjoying Barbie's asshole rippling around my dick. She suckled at me with such passion.

The pressure in my nuts burst.

Fuck! I groaned and flooded her asshole.

I pumped blast after blast of cum into Barbie's asshole. I shuddered as her anal sheath convulsed around my erupting dick. She writhed around me, massaging me. Pleasure shot through my body and crashed into my mind. 

I groaned with each eruption of jizz. I flooded her bowels again and again. The heat burned through me. I groaned, savoring that wonderful heat rushing through my body and crashing into my mind. It was fantastic.

Fuck, yes! I moaned into my bimbo-mommy's cunt.

So goody great cummies! moaned Barbie, her asshole writhing around my dick. Woot, woot!

I shuddered as her bowels milked my cock dry. I erupted a final time into her asshole. I felt amazing as I tongued my mother's pussy. I licked up more of her tart juices. I just savored all of that passion. I nursed on her. 

That's so good, I groaned. Mmm, Barbie, you have a cock to clean. And Mom... I thought. Why don't you go eat out Mrs. Waters as she eats out Mrs. Juarez? Get a nice bimbo-MILF train going on.

That sounds so yummy, Eric, honey! Mom gasped as she crawled off me. 

Barbie squeezed her asshole down around me, her boobs jiggling. She stared at me with such hunger in her eyes. I grinned at her and winked. She squealed and just ripped her asshole off my dick. she slid back between my thighs, bent over, and licked at my dirty dick.
Tina, why don't you lick out all the cum from Barbie's asshole, I said 
as the bimbo-cheerleader licked at my cock. She bathed me with her tongue as she hungered for the flavor of her sour asshole.

Ooh, ooh, I can do that, Eric! she gasped. You know I lovey your cum almost as much as I lovey dovey love you! She darted to the bed and leaned over. She kissed me, tasting my mother's pussy juices on my lips.

I kissed my girlfriend back, loving the feel of Barbies mouth on my dick. It was such an incredible rush to have her thrusting her tongue past my lips. I cupped her round breast the redhead made out with me. Barbie licked at my cock all at the same time.

Come on, I groaned. You got to lick out Barbie's asshole. She has all my cum in her. We can't let that go to waste!

Oh, no! she gasped and broke the kiss. She scrambled down the bed. I'll lick her all cleany clean. Get out all your jizzie cum, Eric!

She moved behind Barbie. I loved the sight of Tina spreading the cheerleader's tan asscheeks apart. My bimbo-girlfriend's red hair spilled over Barbie's rump as Tina began her feast. Face buried in the butt-crack, she licked at the slut's asshole to clean up all my cum.

I loved it.

As Tina feasted on the cheerleader's sloppy asshole, Barbie engulfed my dick with her hot mouth. She slid her lips over my cock. She bobbed her head, working up and down my dirty cock. She suckled hard to buff me clean.

I smiled and lay here, enjoying her licking. Cherry fingered her cunt out of the corner of my eye, her huge boobs jiggling. The three bimbo-MILFs were all moaning and gasping and eating pussy to my right.

This was perfect. I owned a bimbo harem. The App was the best thing that ever had happened in the history of mankind. Other guys were enjoying their bimbos right now. Getting their cocks sucked or fucking tight assholes. 

Damn, I groaned as Barbie worked her mouth up and down my dirty dick.

She polished my pole with force. I closed my eyes and enjoyed what she did to me. She moaned as she suckled, probably from Tina's rimming. My bimbo-girlfriend wouldn't rest until she had cleaned out every drop of my cum from Barbie's asshole.

So I just lay here and let them have their fun. The sounds of passion, the humming moans around my dick, the pleasure shooting down to my nuts were all just so amazing. All six of my bimbos brought different delights into the mix.

Barbie's tongue never stopped moving. She polished my dick with her hot mouth. She suckled and slurped, making such obscene sounds. They mixed with Mrs. Juarez's and Mrs. Waters's moans. My sister whimpered to my left.

Big brother, she groaned.

Barbie popped her mouth off and cooed, Such a yummy taste, Eric! I love pleasying my pimp! It's the funnerest thing to do in the whole world!

Yeppers! cooed Tina.

Barbie licked at the base of my cock. Her tongue bathed me while her hand stroked at the crown, massaging my tip. I groaned as the bimbo-cheerleader licked at me. She knew what she was doing. It was fantastic having her massage the crown of my dick with her hand.

She licked around my shaft before she slid her lips back up and engulfed my dick. She suckled on me, her blonde hair bouncing around her face. She bobbed her head, blowing me with such passion. My nuts twitched.

Damn, I said, savoring the warmth of her mouth working up and down my cock. That's it, Barbie. That's just fucking amazing.

She squealed around my cock. The way she moaned massaged me in just such a delicious fashion. I loved it so much. My dick ached in her mouth. She would make me explode. I couldn't wait for that burst of bliss to sweep through me.

I shuddered as she suckled at me. She nursed with all her hunger on my dick. The pressure swelled at the tip of my dick. I would just flood her mouth with all that cum. I couldn't wait. My cheerleader couldn't, either.

She suckled hard.

Her hot mouth worked up and down my dick. 

She moaned around my cock, loving what Tina did to her. Barbie worshiped me with such passion. This was just the best thing in the world. I loved every second of the pressure building at the tip of my dick. Her tongue danced around the crown.

I grabbed a fistful of her blonde hair as she pleasured me. She suckled on me with everything that she had. She brought me closer and closer to that wonderful brink. I would just shower her mouth with all the jizz I had.

Shit, I groaned, savoring the way her mouth worked up and down my dick. Oh, shit, that's good. Just like that!

She moaned around my dick, sucking with such force on my cock. It was a fantastic pleasure to feel. She nursed on me. My eyes rolled back in my head as the pressure of her built in my nuts. All I had to do was erupt and give her that treat.

Barbie suckled so hard on my cock. She moaned as she did. I groaned, the pressure swelling in my nuts and at the tip of my dick. The explosive need to erupt hit that breaking point. I gasped as it was inevitable now. She suckled hard.

Fuck, yes! I howled and erupted.

I flooded her mouth with my cum. I pumped all that jizz into her mouth. The pleasure rushed through my body and crashed into my mind. I groaned as I dumped my jizz into her hungry mouth. Barbie suckled.

Ooh, ooh, are you cumming and giving her cummies? Cherry asked. Huh, huh, big brother!
Fucking yes, I am! I groaned.

Yay! My sister jumped up and down, her big boobs jiggling. She kept fingering herself as she did that, the bimbo-slut.

I groaned as more and more pleasure shot through me. The ecstasy slammed into my mind. It was fantastic to experience. A big smile spread on my lips as Barbie suckled so hard. The bimbo-cheerleader worked out all that cum from my nuts.

I fired a last blast of cum into her mouth. I shuddered here, listening to Mrs. Juarez squeal through her orgasm. Cherry was moaning, too. She wasn't cumming, but my little sister sounded close, those big tits of her slapping together.

I needed to fuck Mrs. Juarez's pussy again. I had to pound my teacher in the cunt. I smiled as I knew just how I wanted to do it. I grabbed Barbie's head and slid her mouth off my dick. She smiled at me, cum dribbling down her chin.

Your cummies was as yummies as my bootyhole on your dickie, Eric! Such joy shone in Barbie's green eyes. 

Good, I groaned. Why don't you and Tina sixty-nine? Eat each other's pussies.
Ooh, I lovey that idea, Eric! my bimbo-girlfriend cooed. You always have the bests ways to make me feel so goody good.

Yes! Cherry gasped, her big boobs heaving. She was cumming on her own, pussy cream spilling down her thighs. She looked so sexy.

I rose off my bed and said, Cherry, lay down on your back and Mrs. Juarez, get that bubbly ass over here right now! 

Yes, Eric! both bimbos moaned.

Cherry sank to the floor, quivering through her orgasm. Mrs. Juarez pulled away from the kneeling Mrs. Waters (who was having her cunt eaten out by my mom). The bimbo-teacher darted around the bed, her golden-brown titties jiggling. She reached me and thrust her butt out at me.

Here's my bubbly wubbly booty ass! the bimbo-teacher purred, wiggling that plump rump at me.

I smiled and slapped her ass. 

SMACK! 

She gasped as her rump jiggled. 

Tina gasped, You should tie me up and spank me and make me cummy all bound up!

Right, right, she was a bondage slut. Later. Right now, Mrs. Juarez, sit on Cherry's face and sixty-nine with her. Eat her cunt out!

Wilco do! said Mrs. Juarez as her butt-cheeks still jiggled.

She stepped to my sister and sank to the floor. The busty MILF leaned over to feast on my big-titty sister's cunt. I smiled at that sight, my dick throbbing. I knelt behind Mrs. Juarez, my pale cock slapping down on her ass.

I could fuck her butt, but I wanted that delicious cunt my sister was licking at already. The teacher's thick, brown bush rubbed on my sister's pale face. I smiled as I slid my cock down Mrs. Juarez's butt-crack to her taint and lastly to those silky curls and hot pussy lips.

My sister licked the tip of my cock nuzzling into the bimbo-teacher's cunt. Mmm, fucky her so hard, big brother!

I plan on it, Cherry, I groaned, stroking my hands over Mrs. Juarez's golden-brown back. Who does your pussy belong to, Mrs. Juarez.

You! she squealed.
I thrust into her cunt.


I groaned as her hot pussy swallowed my cock. I loved being in her married twat. I bet Coach Juarez was at home spanking it to his wife being owned by me. I smiled at the thought rushing through my mind. He would just be jerking off hard while I had my dick in his wife's tight pussy.

Mrs. Juarez moaned into my little sister's bald twat. The MILF's wavy-brown hair spilled over my sister's pale thighs. Cherry moaned as her tongue licked at my balls. She stroked over them as my dick soaked in the MILF's hot cunt.

She was such a good little bimbo-sister.

I drew back my cock, savoring Mrs. Juarez's tight cunt gripping me. She held me tight. My sister's tongue stroked my shaft. She licked at my cock as I buried back into the bimbo-teacher's hot snatch. My nuts slapped into my sister's forehead.

Big brother! she moaned. Ooh, ooh, your biggie dick is pumping all away at Mrs. Juarez's nummy twat! I lovey watching it!

I lovey it, too! Mrs. Juarez moaned into my little sister's cunt. And your pussy is so tasty. Tasty twaty, yay!

The teacher's head moved as she feasted on Cherry's cunt. I loved it as I pumped away at the teacher's cunt. I fucked her hard and fast. I buried into her over and over again. I fucked her hard and fast. I thrust to the hilt in her snatch. I loved how she gripped me. Massaged me.

I fucked that hot twat, my sister licking at my shaft and balls. Cherry licked the pussy cream off my dick as I churned up the MILF's hot cunt. I fucked the Hispanic bimbo's cunt hard, her plump booty jiggling from every impact.

My bimbo-teacher moaned, Yes, yes, fuck my pussy, mi hermosai! That's so goody! Ay carambaiiiiii! 

She squealed as I fucked her twat. Her cunt gripped my dick, massaging my cock. The pressure built and built at the tip with my every thrust into her twat. I loved how she gripped me. She held me tight. It was incredible to just fuck into her snatch.

Ooh, ooh, such a nicey teacher! whimpered Cherry. Giving me all sorts of lessons. Ooh, ooh, lick my clitty! I lovey that lesson! Purrrr!

Clitty licking is super duper goody! moaned the teacher. You gotta lick clitties, mi gatitaii.

My sister moaned louder, her toes curling. I loved the sight as I pounded the teacher's cunt. I churned up Mrs. Juarez's pussy with hard strokes into her twat. It was a fantastic delight to pump away at her cunt as the pressure built and built in my nuts.

My sister licked those nuts as I fucked into Mrs. Juarez's cunt. I pounded her hard and fast. I loved the feel of her gripping me. She held me. It was fantastic to enjoy that hot mouth around my dick. I loved it so much. 

I pounded her pussy with such force. I fucked her hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in her snatch. I loved it so much. I rammed into her twat. I fucked her snatch with everything that I had. It was such a treat to have a juicy cunt around my dick.

She moaned, So goody! 

Yeah, you like that, I groaned, pumping away at her.

I lovey it, Eric! Mi hermosai has such a biggie dick. I lovey it so much! And Cherry's pussy! Deli-licious. Better than you'd get at a deli!

You don't get pussy at a deli, I groaned, thrusting away at her cunt. Though, you should!

Yes! Tina moaned. Pussy and a sammich! So goody!

I grinned as I fucked away at Mrs. Juarez's cunt. That would be amazing. 

My nuts tightened with each plunge into her twat. My sister kept licking at my shaft and nuts. She teased me with her warm tongue as I hurtled toward my orgasm. I would have such a huge one. I was so ready to just cum so hard. To flood her with all that spunk. It would be fantastic to cum that hard. 

I thrust away at Mrs. Juarez's cunt, hearing my women moan. Mrs. Waters squealed. She must be cumming on Mom's lips. That was hot. My bimbo-girlfriend and cheerleader feasted on each other's cunts.

They looked so happy on the bed sixty-nining.

Bimbos were always happy. They were so lucky that way. They had nothing between their ears but horny fluff, just aching for a big dick to fuck them or a pussy to devour. I loved it. I fucked Mrs. Juarez hard, my nuts about to explode.

Mrs. Juarez! squealed my sister. Puuuuuurrrrrr!

My sister's legs spasmed as I fucked the hot wife's cunt hard. The married bimbo-teacher must be drowning in pussy cream right now. That was so hot. I thrust away hard and fast into that juicy snatch, nearing my own eruption.

Yay! gasped Tina.

Ooh, ooh, pussy creamies! Woot! Barbie whimpered. Drink mine all up! Woot!

The two girls were cumming on my bed, their bodies trembling together as they drank each other's pussy cream. That was so hot. I loved I it as I  fucked to the hilt in my bimbo-teacher's snatch, aching for her to cum.

Mi hermosaiiiiii! gasped my teacher. Ay carambaiiiiiiiii!

Her pussy went wild around my dick.

Shit! I groaned as I buried to the hilt in her writhing snatch.

Cummies in me! she moaned. I want my owner's yummy cummies!

I erupted.

I flooded my bimbo-teacher's hot cunt with my jizz. I threw back my head, the pleasure surging through me. Burst after burst of ecstasy shot through me. It was an incredible rush to have all that bliss shooting through my body. 

I groaned as my mind reeled from the pleasure. Her hot cunt suckled at me. She nursed at my dick with her delicious twat. I shuddered, savoring the rapture surging through my body. It was incredible to have all that passion rippling through me.

Fuck, yes! I groaned, savoring the heat flooding through my body.

It was spectacular. Just an amazing amount to have gushing through me. I groaned, pumping all my spunk into her pussy as she moaned into my sister's twat. Cherry suckled on my nuts. She nibbled on one then the other as they twitched.

Goddamn, I groaned as I pumped the last of my cum into Mrs. Juarez's twat. I shuddered, savoring that pleasure. Goddamn, Mrs. Waters, I want to fuck you before you have to go to the strip club and make me money!

Yay! she gasped.

And Mom, you and Mrs. Juarez should go work on dinner. Got a lot of mouths to feed. I shuddered. I'd have to start buying food. Well, I did have Mrs. Juarez's credit and debit cards. I could go shopping with those tomorrow.

No one checked cards these days. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I woke up at midnight. I slipped out of the pile of bimbos. I had gone to bed with Mrs. Juarez, Barbie, and Tina. Mom and Cherry were in her bed. Just wasn't enough room for them. I carefully slipped out of the pile and headed downstairs to wait for Mrs. Waters to get back from dancing at the strip club.

I wanted to see how much money she had made me. I had adjusted her rates.

I checked my phone and saw the Daily Spin had triggered now that it was past Midnight. I tapped the screen. Numbers between 1 and 100 flashed across the screen in a blur. It was impossible to see what was coming up.

As I reached the bottom of the stairs, I tapped the screen. The numbers stopped on 53 as Winner flashed across the screen. Not Huge Winner like last time, but I wasn't complaining. 53 bimbo crystals were equal to $2120 if I used the credits my bimbos made whoring themselves.

Not going to complain at all. I was up to 448 crystals. Closer to my goal. I had no more referral gains and noticed that my TikTok account had been suspended. They finally figured out what I had posted. Oh, well, I didn't need the referral.

3 crystals was nothing now.

Mrs. Waters was heading back. I wouldn't get her money until she arrived back home. She had been sent out on a mission, so her rewards were unavailable until it was completed. I did notice she hit Level 3. Mom, Cherry, and Tina were all so close, but whoring really earned experience. I decided to wait for her to get back to upgrade her.

I sat there in the dark, half-dozing. The sound of a car and the flash of headlights roused me. The car shut off. Door opened. Stripper heels clicked on the walkway. Mrs. Waters, humming, entered the house, flicking on the lights.

My phone dinged with an update.

Eric! the cum-soaked bimbo said, her leopard print bra and skirt crusted in jizz. I had oh, so muchy fun giving lappy dances to all the nicey men.

I can see that, I said. $8310 is how much you made me. Good job!

She beamed at me, squirming with all her joy. That gave me $8315 in credit. I cashed that out for 207 Bimbo Crystals with $30 in credit left over. I now had 655 crystals. Still short of the 729 crystals I needed.

Short, but I was glad I upped Mrs. Waters to $75 for a BJ, $150 for her pussy, and $225 for her asshole. After school tomorrow, Mrs. Mayers would be doing naked yoga for me with my cum dripping down her thighs. 

I clicked on Mrs. Waters to level her up to 3 and saw she had a choice. And it wasn't like with Mrs. Juarez where it was clearly a choice to make her good at sucking dick or licking cunt, this was a strange choice.

An unexpected choice.

I could make her into a Gangbang Lover Bimbo which made sense. But I also could make her into a Yoga Bimbo. What? I clicked on them to see what they did. 

Gangbang Lover Bimbo: Enjoys having as many men as possible fuck her hard

Yoga Bimbo: A very flexible bimbo that can contort herself into many poses that attract men with her delicious curves 

I stared at them then made my choice.

To be continued...
