"Sharing: Tag Team" by Eagle1 and Chris (MMF, wife)

This is my first collaborative story. It's told from the point of view of both my co-author (Chris) and I as we fuck his lovely wife one afternoon. Hope you enjoy it as much as we did.

Peace,
Marc

* * *

Marc

I admit I had been a little nervous.

I hadnt known what to expect from this man whose e-mails Id found so intriguing. Chris had contacted me first because hed been turned on by my stories hed read on the Internet. He explained to me that he was a man just starting to experience some of the variety that sex had to offer, and my own practices had offered him a roadmap.

Over the course of several months worth of correspondence, Chris had convinced me to come and visit him. And, in a move that was very out of character for me, Id flown here to be with him for the weekend.

Not that it was out of character for me to fuck a mans wife while he watched, because it certainly wasnt. Id done that many times before. But it was very out of character to respond to the urgings of a strange man over the Internet who lived more than a thousand miles away from me.

But Chris had assured me that Id enjoy it, and that I wouldnt be disappointed. As I stood over his wifes naked, exposed pussy, looking down at its beautiful sensual lips getting damper with her excitement, I figured he was right: I probably would enjoy taking her very much.

Something about Chris being turned on turned me on.

My dick felt heavier as it grew thicker in my hand, with a few priming tugs it was ready for work. The limp inches turned into a long, hard and thick fucking tool, ready for penetration.

I glanced once again at Chris to make sure this was okay. Hed assured me that this weekend, while I was a guest in his home, was not the first time hed let another man fuck his wife. But you never can be too sure.

His expression told me everything I needed to know, eyes shining bright with anticipation.

I looked back down at his wifes naked pussy again: it was fat and full. Her bush trimmed, but not completely shaved.

So, without wasting time, I grabbed her by the legs and pulled her roughly to the end of their bed. Her pussy was now very near my waiting cock. Chris and his wife had insisted that I not wear a condom. She was the first person Id ever met who was allergic to the latex.

Her legs were now held up over my shoulders, offering me the opportunity for incredibly deep penetration. I pressed the head of my uncovered dick over her moist slit until I found the entrance I was seeking, and as her ruby pink lips slowly parted for me, inch after inch of my cock slipped inside her for the first time.

And Chris smiled at me.

I smiled back, her warm flesh cradling me. I closed my eyes and let instinct take over. 

Chris

Marc groaned as he slowly slipped his hard cock in my wifes wet and waiting pussy.

She moaned a little too as she tried to mouth the words, Are you sure, Chris?

I mouthed back, Yes, Im sure.

This isnt the first time Id let another guy fuck my wife. However, Marc didnt know that he was only the second. 

I prefer the idea that I can choose what kind of guy gets to fuck my wife. And Marc is a wonderful specimen, a Greek god minus the stern face. Hes got eyes that convey incredibly intense lust. And that was exactly what I saw while he stared back into my eyes. The lust intensifying as he began to pump my wifes hole faster. I never even thought that this guy would fly here just to get a piece of my woman.

I begin to stroke my cock through my pants. I was feeling weird that I was still fully dressed while these two horny fuckers screwing beside me began to go at it faster and harder. My wife was almost screaming out now and Marc was grunting louder and louder with pleasure and effort. In a few seconds I was completely naked beside them, precum oozing out of my cock as I slowly stroked it.

I had promised myself that I would just watch the first round. 

Marc pulled out and knelt on the floor, licking my wifes sweet pussy. I moved closer to see what he was doing in detail. Man, I loved the sight of a guy tongue-fucking my wife. He rolled his tongue and slowly inserted it into her pussy, sending her into spasms, and then he moved up and flicked her clit with the tip of his tongue, making my sexy wife reach the verge of an orgasm.

Come here, I heard my wife tell Marc, I wanna suck you.

It was one of the few times that I had heard her use such a very commanding tone.

Marc quickly flipped around on the bed, offering her his cock as his head moved back down to greedily eat out my wife. I saw her take his cock in her mouth, sucking it hungrily like Ive never seen her do before. Marc slowly rocked his hips back and forth, starting to fuck my wifes mouth, trying not to gag her. I positioned myself behind Marc, and slowly pushed his hips towards her face to bury him deeper in her mouth. My hands guiding his hips, instructing him to fuck her faster, that she could take all of his big, hard cock. I heard him moan again, louder. This was making me so fucking horny now.

I love hearing a guy groan.

Touching Marc while he fucked my wife sent electricity all over my body. Ive never lusted for a guy like how I lusted for him at that moment. I wanted to take him for my own. But, Im straightor at least thats what my wife thinks.

Fuck her hard, Marc, I told him, Give it to her! I wanna see you fuck her hard until you cum all over her.

Marc

I was totally caught up in the act of sex now.

Behind me I was vaguely aware of Chris, his words sounding feverish. I could feel his hands on my hips, guiding me into his wife. I loved the feeling of his thumbs braced on my ass muscles. It gets me off quicker when someone strokes my ass during sex.

But Chris wasnt taking it any further, as much as I might have wanted otherwise. I tried to concentrate instead on the twin pleasures of the taste of his wifes pussy, and the feeling of her mouth and tongue wrapped around my cock, as I pumped it into her face.

At the other end, before my face, her pussy lay like an open flower. Engorged and waiting, spilling out its delicious nectar. I love the taste of a woman more than anything else in the world, and Chriss wife tasted of the exotic aroma of her surroundings. So I grabbed her by the thighs in order that I might really bury my face into her cunt. Taking in all the perfume and taste, my tongue probed as deeply as I could reach into that tight little tunnel.

Then I felt Chriss hands on my ass again. This time firmly on the cheeks themselves. His fingers massaging my flesh. I felt a quiver in my balls and knew if he kept that up I would cum in no time.

Lets change, I said to them, and to her specifically: Get on your knees, I want to see this lovely ass close up while I fuck you.

Chris moved away from behind me, his wife eagerly and obediently getting into position on her knees, her ass upturned towards me. Her face turned towards her husband.

She had a ripe, beautiful round ass. Her little asshole was poking up in the air, and her empty pussy beneath it waiting for me.

Even though he was across the bed now, the thought of Chriss hands groping my ass kept me near the edge and I had to plunge into that tight pussy to release myself. I felt her lips part again, felt her flesh encase me like a glove.

Then I started to really pound her, wanting to nail her until she couldnt stand up anymore. The room was filled with the noise of our heavy breathing and the wet slapping of my cock and balls against her backside.

I looked at Chris sitting there, watching us, and what I said next was as much for his benefit as for hers.

You like having my cock in this dirty little cunt dont you? I asked.

His wife just moaned loudly, but Chris nodded his head almost imperceptibly.

He had taken his cock in his hand as he sat there. Tugging and pulling on it, as I thrust into his wife. It was an elegant cock, his balls hanging beneath it. I wanted to take it into my mouth.

Maybe later, I thought.

Then I felt the urgency in my balls and as my thrusting grew more ragged and I knew Id better pull out while I still could.

I drew my cock drew out of his wife with a loud wet popping noise and I ordered her onto her back, so that I could climb on top of her, straddling her stomach. Cock in hand, I jerked myself off feverishly, aware of the sensation from my toes all the way up my body of an impending orgasm. Then grunting with the effort, just when I thought Id never cum, the first of my seed spurted out like cannon fire hitting her on the chin, the other shots landing all over her tits, and the last few on her stomach.

I knelt over her momentarily satisfied, my arm near her face, and looked over at Chris.

Chris

Marcs eyes met mine as he came on my wife. I stared back at him while I continued to stroke my incredibly hard cock. He never left my gaze even while my wife took his cock in her mouth to clean it up.

I jerked off faster as Marc stared straight into my eyes. He momentarily looked down on my cock as I slowed down to let him have a good look. Mine isnt as huge as his is; its shorter than Marcs nearly ten inch tool, but Im thick.

He was growing hard again in my wifes mouth. I didnt know what turned him on more, my wifes tongue wrapped around his smooth hard cock, or the sight of me tensing up, as I got ready to shoot my load.

He leaned forward slowly. In the process, he pushed his cock further into my wifes throat and moved his face closer to my hand as I rubbed myself.

Very, very teasingly, he slowly put out the tip of his tongue and touched the head of my dick with it. He moved it around for a few seconds and withdrew it. Damn, Id have almost cum on his face if I hadnt stopped rubbing at that very moment. He looked at me again, a sly grin on his face.

Fuck, I shouted, Im cumming!

Dude, Marc said as he moved off her face to give me some space, Cum on your wifes hot tits.

Marc was kneeling between my wifes spread legs, when I moved over to my wife. She licked my balls as I stroked myself to orgasm. God, if men have multiple orgasms, then I must have been doing it right then and there. I shot my load over my wifes tits, my cum mixing there with his.

I got off her face and lay down beside her. Marc followed my lead and lay down on her other side, spooning her.

For a moment, no one spoke.

Then my wife broke the silence, That was incredible. You guys are the best fuck Ive ever had.

Neither Marc nor I answered back. I was too busy licking her neck, while Marc licked her nape. She could do nothing else but moan.

Dont stop, she pleaded, Please, dont stop.

We continued at her command. Her tits, still damp with our combined cum, slapped into my chest as Marc pushed her against me with his weight while his cock hardened against the crack of her ass.

I reached down and started fingering her engorged clit. She moaned more. I moved down to push my finger into her wet pussy, sending her into spasms almost like she was cumming again.

Then I felt something hard touch her pink, moist lips. Marc was going to fuck her again. He slid himself between her legs and she guided him inside her pussy, which was still wet from the juices that my talented finger had made her spill.

The touch of Marcs hard cock against my finger inside my wifes pussy was sending her into another orgasm. Marc pumped faster. I slid my finger in and out, in and out, and occasionally rubbed her clit with it, only to put it back in her.

The smell of sex filled the room. The three of us, moaning and groaning uncontrollably.

Fuck, I thought to myself, I want Marc to cum in my wifes hole.

Marc

The sensation of Chriss finger against my dick was extremely erotic. But my strokes were becoming languid at best, as I grunted in time to the thrusting. The first time I had fucked her it had been purely about gratification, this was now about slow, well-earned satisfaction.

I wasnt ready to cum yet, although I was enjoying the feeling of being inside Chriss wife. Her young, tight pussy fit like a glove. I was also enjoying Chriss slick finger sliding along the underside of my cock, providing an unusual stimulus to an already pleasurable sensation.

He lay there on the other side of her, his own thick erect dick only inches from my own, looking into his own wifes eyes while another man fucked her. I had no comprehension about how that must feel. But it was obviously something he wanted.

For some reason I felt powerful and extremely potent just then. It was time to start the serious fucking again.

Dude, I said, knowing exactly what I wanted, I want to see you fuck your bitch.

I pulled out of his wife and got up off the bed. I continued to stroke my massive cock as I stood there looking down on them. Their expressions were momentarily bewildered as I suddenly disengaged from our mutual pleasure. His wifes look was one of disappointment that I had ceased to fill her hole.

I know Im a good fuck. Ive had a lot of experience at it.

Get up, I said in a tone that brooked no argument, And fuck her.

As I had done earlier, Chris got up and pulled his wife to the edge of the bed so that he could stick his fat cock up her tight pussy. Without further instruction from me, I watched him slip inside her greasy hole. It was a beautiful sight to behold, his hips thrusting into her spread open crack. Her pussy lips parting to meet each thrust as he buried himself within her greedy cunt. With each stroke, when he pulled out, his cock was glistening with her moist goodness. His ass muscles flexed in time with each thrust.

I was very hard watching them go at it. My hand firmly holding onto my shaft.

Impulsively moving behind him, I knelt on the floor. His ass was perfectly positioned before me. Reaching between his slightly spread legs I grabbed onto his balls, holding them gently in my hand, carefully massaging them with my fingers as they rested in my palm.

With my other hand I played, like he had earlier, with his young wifes clit as my fingers slipped occasionally into her pussy.

I wanted to make sure that he knew what it felt like.

My tongue, not to be left out, ran up the length of his ass cheeks, and I tasted the saltiness of a bead of his sweat that had run down in a rivulet from his back at some point. Gingerly, and then with more determination, I began to rim his asshole with my tongue. Slowly and carefully I went so as to not make him drop another load too early.

I wanted this fuck to go on for a long time.

Taking both hands, I placed them, one on either of his cheeks, and held onto those thrusting muscles as he bucked into his wife.

After a few moments, I got up, running my tongue up the entire length of his back in the process until I reached the nape of his neck. His wife was lying there before him moaning and groaning. Her eyes closed; her head back in ecstasy, oblivious to what I was doing. My cock was now firmly lodged between the cheeks of his ass, held there by his own thrusting motions.

Soon I would have another load to drop. But Im not a man that usually likes to spill my seed just anywhere; it goes against my alpha male instincts. Rather I prefer to deposit my seed freely in the appropriate receptacles. And when at all possible in the warm folds of a tight pussy, or in the confines of a moist hot ass.

What I wanted at that moment more than anything though was to fuck Chriss wifes cunt. To fuck that pussy after it had been filled to overflowing with Chriss own load of cum, so that I could use his cream as my own lube to fuck her cunt black and blue.

My arm snaked around Chriss chest strongly, muscling his back firmly against my broad, muscular chest.

A free hand held my cock wedged against him as a reminder of how close, how truly close, I was in every way.

Then with my mouth pressed close to his ear, and I whispered to him, What do you want Chris?

Chris

No, Marc, I thought to myself, dont ask me that question. I wanted Marc to fuck me. Ive never wanted to be fucked by a guy, even though I knew that I was attracted to men too. But this was different. There was something about Marc that made me want to please him. I wanted him to fuck me, but I couldnt say it out loud.

My wife might freak out.

So I didnt answer his question. I just fucked my wife harder, grunting and groaning. I didnt know what turned me on more, the warmth of my wifes tight pussy around my dick or his hard cock wedged against my ass. As I fucked harder, Marc pushed his weight onto me, harder. I loved the feeling of his powerful, tightly muscled body against mine. He licked my back again. And he didnt suppress his groans. I felt his tongue against my flesh.

I couldnt hold it much longer. I was about to cum. Just as I was about to pull out to cum on my wifes stomach; Marc pushed me into her again firmly. I had no choice but to cum inside of my wifes pussy. She moaned more as she felt my warm juice spill into her.

I was exhausted.

My cock grew limp inside her, but Marc didnt move from where he was, his hands massaging my back. I could have stayed like that forever, sandwiched between my woman and the hottest stud that Ive ever seen.

It wasnt even ten seconds after I came that I felt Marc slowly rub his cock up and down against the crack of my ass again. I knew the sight of me fucking right in front of him got him going.

And I liked it.

Very forcefully, he grabbed my shoulders and pulled me out of my wife. 

Its my turn to fuck her again, he said in a deep, sexual voice.

I fell onto the edge of the bed, lying on my back beside my wife. Marc just climbed on top of her and began to fuck her again.

Marc

I needed her pussy. Her cunt lips were engorged and full. And Chriss cum leaked out the edges. I used one hand to hold her leg up and another to push my thick cock into her fat pussy. It felt so good I just had to fill her completely, pulling almost all the way out with each powerful stroke.

Chriss cum coated her pussy wall, and acted as a lube for me. It was moist and wet. Our combined juices ran down the crack of her ass. The perfect sloppy seconds.

I couldnt stop fucking. Then I looked up at Chris.

Chris

I closed my eyes to rest for a moment, yet I could hear his cock sliding in and out of my wife.

Then to my surprise, I felt something warm on my chest. Marc was licking my nipples. I kept my eyes closed. I didnt know what to think. If my wife saw what he was doing, what would she say? I kept my eyes closed to pretend that I didnt know it was him, but more than that, I kept them closed to isolate the feeling of his tongue playing with my nipples.

This lasted just for a few seconds, but it felt really good. I stood up and just watched them for a while. I know she was enjoying his cock inside her. I could tell from the way she grabbed Marcs hair, and by the way that her hips responded to every thrust that he gave her.

I knelt down for a closer view of his cock fucking my wife. I was between Marcs legs, in full view of my wifes filled pussy. There was no other thing to do; I went closer and licked Marcs balls. First, with just the tip of my tongue and then eventually I was licking his balls as a girl would lick mine.

I knew he liked it.

Tasting my wifes juices on his shaft was really, really good. I knew that I was spent, but this new experience was making me semi-hard again.

Marc fucked my wife even harder. I stood up again, just to watch them this time. It was beautiful. Ive never fucked my wife that hard before and Im glad I had Marc to do it for me. 

Im fucking cumming again, Marc said in between breaths.

Cum inside me, my wife responded.

There was no need to repeat her order as he pumped his load into her. I saw the sheets getting damper as Marc came in her, their juices adding with mine and spilling onto the bed. That was one sight to be seen. My sexy woman and this sexy guy, all sweaty, and breathing hard.

And all right in front of me.

Marc held her for a few minutes while they both caught their breath, then he slowly moved off her. I moved over to her and kissed her on the lips.

I hope you enjoyed this baby, I said to her.

She kissed me back softly and said, No, I didnt.

She gave me a very, very sly smile. The three of us smiled almost in unison.

I have to take a shower, Im meeting someone in about an hour, she said nonchalantly, I hope to still find you two guys here later when I come back.

Count on it darlin, said Marc.

With that, she stood up, with the sheets wrapped around her and went to the bathroom.

It was a bit awkward to stand there naked with Marc lying naked on the bed too. I didnt know what to say. Its a good thing Marc knew how to break the ice.

Come here, man, he told me softly.

I waked over to his side of the bed and he offered me his hand.

I took it, a very firm handshake.

Thanks for talking me into this, he said, and then, Cmon, help me up.

With my hand still in his, I pulled on his arm to get him to stand. He was still sweaty, making him look all the more sexy really.

I still felt awkward, with nothing to say. He moved closer to me, held both of my shoulders firmly.

He said to me, Hey, lighten up, whats the matter with you?

I, ahII didnt know if you wanted me to do what I did to you, I stammered, speaking softly so that my wife wouldnt hear.

Marc just smiled back, moved his hands from my shoulders, and held my face gently. No Marc, I thought, concerned that my wife might for some reason walk into the room. But I didnt do anything. I let him kiss me. His soft lips touching mine, his tongue parting my lips and very gently touching my tongue. 

Thanks again, man, he told me and shook my hand, and then he gave me a wink. 

We both smiled.

I put on my pants and he wrapped a towel around himself, just as we heard the water in the bathroom stop. My wife came out and got dressed, while we both moved to the living room to watch some television and have a drink. After a while, she walked out of the bedroom and came over to me to kiss me on the lips.

I gotta go, she said, Ill be quick.

Then she walked over to Marc and kissed him on the lips too, with much more lust behind the kiss, and a little tongue.

Hope to see you later, she said emphatically.

With that she went out and closed the door behind her. I looked at Marc; he looked straight back at me. Then we just laughed.

* * *

Copyright  2003 by Eagle1 and Chris. All rights reserved. All characters portrayed in this story are meant to be over the legal age to consent to sexual activity. Any similarity to characters or situations, real or imagined, is purely coincidental. Unless you happened to be there of course. May be reprinted without permission of author in materials distributed free of charge or on websites where there is no fee charged for access, provided this copyright notice is attached.