I didn't want to wake her so I got up and had a shower, brushed my teeth and got back into bed with her, I snuggled her up to me, so that her naked ass was in my lap, This gave me my usual hard-on. I pulled her in tight with my arms and she stirred a little, she wrapped her hands around mine and hugged them close to her face, I wanted to stay like this forever.  10 minutes of heaven, and she finally woke.  I got a wonderful morning kiss and she spoke. 

" Have you been awake long? "  

" Not long" I Lied.  

" You had a shower already. " she said with disappointment, it was my first shower alone since she got here. 

" I can always have another one, you can never be too clean. " I said.

She smiled and rolled me over onto my back, she lay on top of me and pressed her pussy into my hard cock. She forced it down and tired to get shallow penetration, but it just wasn't wet enough. 

" If you want to do this, there's some lubrication here. I handed her the tube of Lube I left under the pillow.  Just spread it on my cock, or your hole.... Probably better to put it on my cock though. " 

" OK " she said, and pulled back the silk cover, She squirted a fair amount into her hand and wiped it over my cock, she started rubbing it in, all over my cock head so it was coated thick.  She remounted me and positioned her hole over my cock head.

" Nice and slowly now, no rush babe. "  I Said to her.

She begun applying pressure, it was slow going... I had to expect this for a while at least but she never gave up to her credit.

" You need to push harder to get it in babe,  don't be afraid, you've already done it once so you know it will fit. "  I said.

" I know it just hurts a bit that's all "  She turned me on with everything she said.

She re-applied pressure with a new confidence, she pushed back for a long time without letting up and it finally sank home, just the head inside.... She continued pressure till I was up to her Hymen and she just kept still, panting... in obvious discomfort.  She pushed down and pulled back, stretching the skin inside... she kept this up for a while, It felt amazing to me. 

" Pull out all the way and push back in. Get used to doing that and then it won't be so hard every time, if we loosen just the entrance up."   She tried this, it came out easy enough with a slight pop noise. She got it back in again, quicker this time but it still hurt her, we did this for the next 10 minutes, with my encouragement she managed to get it in and out around 20 times... the last occasion, she made a fatal error in judgement.

She applied pressure to get it in, but she had re-lubed my cock as it was getting a little dry.  When she pushed down she clenched her body and it was denied entrance.

" Relax Gemma "  I said

She relaxed and it slipped home easily, but kept going... she had slid down way too far and it pushed her hymen right into her... tearing a little... she yelped and pulled off... I went low to inspected her and there was some blood.  Quite a bit of blood.  I sucked it into my mouth to show her it was nothing to worry about, I like the taste of her blood Id decided. Virgin blood. Mmmm 

She whimpered as I licked her inside, I explored with my tongue and had a good look as well, the bleeding had stopped...  I decided to give her some pleasure to take her mind off the pain.

I sucked her clit into my mouth and rubbed it with the back of my tongue. She flung her head back in pleasure, writhing.  I worked on it for a few minutes and added a finger to her cunt.  I pressed around but not inwards, just enough to feel her Hymen but not try to stretch it, she was sore but it wasn't causing her enough discomfort to take her mind off the pleasure.  After several minutes, she came... she juddered and her body shook violently, her legs tensed and released and she passed out.  I loved the power I had over her body. 

It was only morning so I didn't want to rule her body out for the whole day, I wanted her to be able to do this again later, so I fetched some anaesthetic cream from my bathroom medicine cabinet, I rubbed it all over her pussy, inside and out, so it was covered.  She woke a short time later and I had replaced her panties.  I held her close to my chest and hoped she wouldn't be too hurt.

" That really hurt me, It was my fault though, I didn't know it would go in so easy.   I can't imagine how much it will hurt when you take it away.  I think I will cry. "  She said

" I think it always hurt, everyone.   I will make sure it doesn't hurt too much though... I think there are some tricks to help. "  I was thinking drugs, alcohol, theres lots we can try.

" Well, I do trust you, and I know you won't hurt me on purpose.. But still, I'm scared of the pain. " said Gemma

" The sooner you do it and get it over with, the less time you will worry about it hurting you.  I want to fuck you.... So very much I want to.... But it's on your timetable. It's Up to you when we go that far babe.  I want you to know, that you will be in lots of pain when you do it, and it will probably hurt you for some weeks after, but you will feel pleasure, you will probably cum a lot of times when we eventually do it.  You just need to get over the first stage.  Like you have with all the things we have done. "  I knew I was setting her up, and she would buy it because I said it.

" Next weekend.   Is that too soon? " She asked.

" Whenever you are ready Gemma. "  I said.

I knew that if she set a date she would have time to prepare and since Id already told her it was all about stretching her Hymen, I was sure she would do this over the week before she came round again.  
  
I honestly thought it would be many months before I managed to fuck Gemma, but she was dictating the pace and so, It was up to her really.   I couldn't wait to fuck her and it seemed I was better at programming her than I first thought.  It was going to be next week.  I needed to be sure she didn't ruin it.

" I would suggest that you stretch yourself as far as you can this week, but don't break the skin.  Like I told you I want that privilege.  Please let me be the one to take your virginity with my cock. " I pleaded with her.

" I will, I want you to have it.  I want you to have everything from me. "  She said.

I picked her up in the silk bed sheet and carried her through to the living room, I put her on the sofa and went to the fridge, not much in there I thought....  

" How about a McDonalds breakfast."  I suggested.

" Ok,  can I have Pancakes?"  she said.

" Anything you want sweetheart."  I replied.

I got dressed quickly into some sweats and drove to McDonalds, got food and came back... she was still on the sofa under the silk sheet watching TV.  We Ate and drank.  I hoped beyond all that I hadn't put her off coming back next week, she had been through lot this weekend, but was fairly confident that she would be back.  I knew she would be sore for the rest of the day which meant I wouldn't be fooling around with her downstairs till next weekend at the earliest and this frustrated me.

" Can we watch more movies? " She asked.... Perfect way of keeping her mind on sex.

" Ok, no problem, anything specific you want to see? " I asked, just prodding the most depraved corner of her mind.   There is pretty much nothing she could have said that I didn't have in abundance. 

" Can I see a sex slave? "  She asked.

" I don't have any real Sex slave Video's, everything I have is simulated, they are acting. Pretending.   I don't agree with the Real thing,  not because it doesn't turn me on, of course it does ....  A LOT... but I don't create victims, I don't watch child porn because it creates a market for people who make it, and therefore creates victims.  All I do is read storie's and write them, all imagination.  Until you came along, you are the first illegal thing I have done Gemma.  I hope you are proud."

" I am honoured." She said.  Probably repeating what she heard, I bet she didn't know what it meant.

" I have some pretend slave movies, unless you want to see some Domination - Submission, I have plenty of that, the sex slave movies are the same, but with Children mostly. " I said

" you mean young girls?"  She asked.

" Not always,  some men like young boys too... although I have never considered it, I have no interest in boys at all. "  I said.

" I want you as a sex slave. " I said, not that I don't already, I'm sure in time I will get to have her in every way as often as I like.

I got a text message from my brother, my lovers neighbour.  It read... would you like to come over for dinner today, the kids want to see you.    I replied Ok and I text Andrew telling him I would be bringing Gemma back early, not because of any problem, just because I was coming that way anyway, I told Gemma and she wasn't happy to be leaving early.  That gave us a few hours before we had to leave.

I sat her on my lap and kissed her on the mouth, we sucked each others face and tongue for the next 30 minutes and eventually I programmed the DVD player to show a Dom-Sub movie.  One of my Favourites.

The girl was Small, as per my usual taste... the guy in this one was Huge... Massive in every way, about 250 lbs, 6 foot 5 and a 12 inch cock as thick as my wrist.   The girl was on a dogs lead being walked around a room on all fours.   (Oh fuck, this was the wrong one, this is a Bestiality movie..... Bollocks, Gemma is gonna freak)   She eventually got told to stop, the man on screen was really forceful with her.  He pulled down her pink Rubber panites just enough that her Ass hole was accessible, and he forced his Cock in Dry, he Fucked her hard with most of his cock and the girl wailed in pain.  He pulled out and went out of view, he came back with a willow switch,  he whacked the girls ass and she screamed but stayed in place, he hit her several times and the camera got a good closeup of her pissing herself from the pain,  He rammed his cock back in her ass hard, fucking her relentlessly for several minutes...  " You slut, you like this don't you.....  Slut. "  She replied " Fuck my ass harder "  and he obliged... nailing her hard as he could.  He pulled out and Cum on her back.

" Stay put bitch, I have a friend who wants to meet you."  

At this point I left the room and I asked Gemma if she wanted a drink, she said yes and I decided to make tea as it would take a long time and I wanted her to see the Dog fuck her while she was alone, she wouldn't be able to turn it off as she had no Idea how to use the machine. "

When I came back I was stunned, Gemma was diddling herself watching the girl getting fucked by the dog... the dog was fucking at 100 mph and gemma was enjoying it.

" I didn't expect that to happen, this girls letting a dog have sex with her. "  said gemma as if I wouldn't believe it. 

" Oh, I'm sorry I didn't expect this to come on.   I forgot what was on this one. "  I said.

" You mean you have more? "   I needed to be careful not to scare her off.

" How many times have I told you now Gemma, there's so much you haven't seen yet,  there's LOADS left to show you. "  I said.

" Well, it's weird but it's kind of hot too.  I mean, at first I was like.... Errr gross but it does make me want to have sex too. " she said.

" It's turning you on."  I Said

" Yes, totally.....    I can't wait till next weekend. "

I got dressed and dressed Gemma, I took especially long playing with her panties re-arranging them for several minutes.  She laughed at me being a perv.  

We left the house and I drove to Dexville town (local, about 10 miles away)  I dropped Gemma off at a local shop unseen by everyone and then I went to my brothers, I pretended to be on the phone until I saw Gemma walk past my car and into her house, she waved and smiled at me.

After dinner we were all outside playing in the garden, Gemma was next door in her garden....  She was in a bikini, her dad had got the paddling pool out, she looked so sexy I got hard... Ooops, I had to hide it.  I also had to pay her no attention so that people didn't catch me staring at her.

Time passed and I went home, I tidied the house and logged on to Pokerstars.  I made a few hundred in 2 hours but couldn't concentrate, I downloaded my pics and sorted them instead, I had them arranged in a folder with the date on it, I could look back over the years and remember what Id done.  The pic of her on the bed with a mouthful of cum was one of my Favourites.

The next week went quickly and without Major incident.  I wanted to get some sexy underwear for my girl but they just don't make it for girls her size.  Never mind, I think little girls panties are sexy enough anyway.
