JJ visits Marti and her friends.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 6 (MF, mf, ff, bi, creampie, interr, mc, nc, oral, impreg?, reluc, f-solo, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

In the morning, JJ groggily bumped into his mother as she left the bathroom. She grabbed his face and planted a huge, tonguey kiss on him.

"Mom!" he cried out and pulled back, staring at her.

"Oh, JJ...I'm sorry, but you look so much like your father. You smell like him too. Mm..." She gave a sniffle and looked dreamy.

As she headed toward her bedroom, JJ shook his head. He looked nothing like the redheaded Aaron, his stepfather. That was just weird.

As he headed to school, John, their temporary guest, called from the bottom of the basement stairs. "Hey, JJ, I need to talk to you after school, okay?"

JJ looked at the man. The visceral feeling of antipathy he had experienced upon meeting him was no longer there, though he still felt uneasy. "Sure..." he replied, and went to school.

---

After everyone had left for school and work, Maureen knew that she and John would have sex again, so she decided to put her diaphragm in so she wouldn't get pregnant. Her first lover, newly returned to her life, had already dumped three loads inside her unprotected pussy over the last day or so, at the worst time of the month, but allowing even more was just dumb!

After she inserted the prophylactic, she headed to the basement stairs, but John met her halfway.

"I like doing it in your marital bed, Maureen."

As John's scent filled her brain, her dissenting opinion flew out of her mind. "Of course, John."

Soon she was on her hands and knees as he fucked her from behind. He reached around and palmed those fantastic boobs, grown bigger from when he had impregnated her the first time, and probably when she had her second child too. He wondered if they'd get even bigger with a third.

"I've never wanted to knock up a woman as much as you right now, Maureen. God DAMN did having children fill you out!"

She felt gratified at the compliment, but felt bad that she had put her birth control device in. "Oh, John, please pull out so I can help with that."

He did so with a frown and she rolled onto her back. Reaching into her vagina with a couple of fingers, she concentrated and extracted the shallow silicone cup.

"Oh!" he exclaimed. "You weren't wearing that yesterday, were you?"

"No, I forgot."

He jumped between her legs. "Good girl," he complimented her before he shoved his hard cock back inside her.

Soon, he was shooting his sperm deep inside her again. Upon feeling this, she came hard, her now unprotected cervix absorbing some of that seed into her fertile uterus as it spasmed in orgasmic frenzy.

John had her put her diaphragm back in, to keep his cum trapped and soaking into her cervix.

---

At lunch, JJ texted the phone number that the cute girl Marti had given him the day before: *Hey, this is JJ from the theater*

The response came quickly: *Omg I was just talking about u*

Really? he thought. *With who?*

*Gfs want to meet u*

JJ shook his head. Why were girls so interested in him all of sudden? *Ok* he sent back.

She texted him an address for after school. JJ remembered that guy John wanted to talk to him, but a chance for more sex vs. talking to some guy he didn't like? No contest.

---

After lunch, John had Maureen take her diaphragm out to ride his cock, in her bed again, of course. This time it was less frantic, like they were making love.

Maureen rode him languidly, watching his handsome face. "Oh, John, I've missed you so much. Nobody has ever made me feel as good as you."

"I get that a lot," he replied as he watched her magnificent breasts bounce. He reached up and tweaked one of her nipples, causing her to gasp.

"How...how many women have you been with?" She asked as she began grinding her crotch against his.

"I lost count, but none of them were as sexy as you, Maureen." He pulled her down for a kiss. After they swapped spit for a few minutes, he said, "Tell me about my boy."

"Ohh...I don't want to talk about him right now, John."

He grabbed her hips, holding her still. "Well, I do."

She tried to move, almost becoming frantic with need. "Ohh...okay. He's a good boy...so much like you...so handsome." He let go and she resumed her movements.

"Handsome, huh? Do you want to fuck him?"

She stopped, her eyes opening wide. "No...I...no..."

He pulled her down so their faces were only inches apart. "Tell me the truth."

She began to roll her hips. "I...in the last couple of days...maybe...?"

"Good enough." He grabbed her hips and started to give her quick, hard thrusts.

"Oh! Oh! Ohh..."

And then he came. Maureen's eyes widened as she felt herself once again inseminated by her first lover, the father of JJ, and then her own orgasm washed over her. "Ohhhh! Uhhh! Uhh! Johnnn..."

Even more of his sperm invaded her fertile and unprotected reproductive system. As before, her diaphragm made sure none of it came back out after she replaced it.

---

JJ knocked on Marti's front door and three teenage girls answered it. Curly, auburn-haired Marti, a plain blonde with glasses, and a slim Black girl with a big head of dark, tight curly hair.

The blonde frowned. "I thought you said he was hot, Marti."

Marti looked at her. "Are you kidding? He's gorgeous!"

JJ looked at the Black girl, who had tilted her head as she considered him. She gave an unconscious sniff.

"Come in, JJ," said Marti. "This is Gwen..." She pointed at the Black girl. "...and Brooklyn." That was the blonde. Both of the new girls were wearing t-shirts and jeans. Marti was wearing a knee-length orange sundress. She sure seemed to like colorful outfits.

He moved into the foyer and then Marti took his hand and brought him and her friends to her bedroom. He had feelings of deja vu from when Sally had done the same, especially when she closed the door behind them. He looked at the three girls apprehensively, feeling a bit like a hunted deer.

"Fuck, I have to taste you again," Marti said, abruptly kneeling in front of him and pulling at his zipper.

"What the fuck, Marti!" The blonde screeched, moving back, her eyes wide. The other girl just watched.

Soon his cock was out and Marti was licking and sucking on it.

"This is just too fucked up for words! Come on, Gwen." The blonde pulled on the other girl's arm, but Gwen just shrugged her off and continued to silently watch. "Fine, I'm outta here," Brooklyn said, and left.

Marti pulled her mouth off of his cock and turned to Gwen. "More for us! Undo my dress, willya?"

Gwen came out of her trance and followed her friend's instructions. Soon slim Marti was naked, except for her bra and panties. JJ thought that the girl should probably eat a sandwich soon; he could see her ribs!

"Get over here," she commanded, pulling him by the cock over to her bed. She unfastened his pants, pushed him down onto the bed, and then pulled down her underwear. As she climbed astride him she unfastened her bra, showing off her small A-cup breasts.

Gwen knelt down next to the bed for a better look. As Marti slathered the head of JJ's cock with her nearly dripping pussy juice, Gwen finally spoke, "Shouldn't you use a condom?"

Marti sank down on half of JJ's cock, making both of them moan. As she pulled up a bit, she replied, "Not...yet..."

"Where are they?" Gwen dutifully started rifling through Marti's drawers.

The slim auburn-haired girl had finally managed to sink all the way down JJ's cock, and they were both gasping in pleasure. "Bottom...behind panties..."

As Marti started to bounce on JJ's cock, Gwen extracted a foil-covered condom from the girl's chest of drawers and held it out.

"Not...not yet..." Marti said again as she ground her crotch against JJ's.

Gwen dropped the packet on the bed and then removed her own jeans and panties. JJ couldn't help but watch Gwen, her dark skin such a contrast to his own and Marti's, as she played with her clit while watching them.

This was incredibly exciting, and JJ wasn't going to last much longer. "Maybe we should get the condom on now," he offered.

Marti was bouncing on him hard, and had closed her eyes as she started to ramp up to her own orgasm. "Noo...not yet..."

Then Gwen was on the bed behind Marti. She reached around with one hand to caress one of her friend's small breasts, while the other went down to manipulate Marti's clit.

That was it for JJ. He thrust up into the slim girl and came hard. "Uhhggaaa!"

"OH!" Marti felt his sperm inundate her fertile teenage reproductive system and likewise came hard, spurred on by her friend's manipulation of her clitoris. "Ohh-hhh!" She orgasmed constantly for a full minute, her spasming insides urging more of JJ's seed deeper inside her, before she collapsed onto him.

JJ rolled Marti to the side. She lay there, still shaking. He looked at Gwen. She was looking hungrily...but not at him.

Gwen dived forward, her mouth fastening to Marti's spermy pussy. She licked and swallowed, and then moaned and shook in her own orgasm.

JJ's cock had started to wilt, but as he got off the bed and watched the lesbian action in front of him, it started to come back to life. He moved behind Gwen. As his hand touched her butt, she pulled away.

"No! I'm...I don't like men..."

"Oh! I'm sorry." He backed off, uncertain what to do.

Marti took Gwen's face in her hands and kissed her. "Oh, Gwen, his cum feels even better down there. Let me show you..." And then she grabbed her friend and rolled so that Gwen was on the bottom.

"What...what do you mean?" Gwen asked fearfully. She watched as Marti sat up on her knees, pushed two fingers into her own spermy pussy, and then brought them out for inspection. Her digits glistened with JJ's pearly semen.

JJ noticed Gwen's hips lifting forward, as if her vagina was drawn to his sperm. "But...but..." she moaned, confused.

Marti moved her fingers closer to Gwen's dark, glistening vagina.

"Oh...please..." Gwen gasped, and then she shook her head. "No, wait, I don--"

Marti pushed the sperm-covered digits all the way into Gwen's incredibly wet pussy.

The slim Black girl convulsed in orgasm, her mouth open and head rolling back. "--nooooohhhh! Ohhh my Godddd! Uhh! Uhhh!"

JJ didn't feel comfortable with this. He was pretty sure that Gwen had been saying that she didn't want it, even if she was cumming now. He left them there, and redressed in the foyer before he headed home.

Back in Marti's room, the slim, auburn-haired beauty continued to extract more of JJ's cum from her own pussy before inserting it, a couple fingers at a time, into her lesbian friend's vagina, making Gwen shake in continuous orgasm as her fertile, unprotected depths accepted JJ's dangerous seed.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)