Over the next few weeks, Megatron’s daily life began to develop a routine. He would wake. Snark at Prime. Refuel. Snark at Prime. Then very often get deposited in the medbay, where he would snark at Ratchet, who snarked right back. Megatron would never admit to how much he enjoyed that, and denied the thought that having someone spar verbally with him was probably part of why he kept Starscream around.

There was talk from Perceptor, mostly involving words that even Megatron had a difficult time understanding, about the slave coding having been identified and tagged. Now they just needed a way to either nullify it, or overwrite it without ruining any of his other programming. It was nothing concrete yet, but Megatron couldn’t stop himself from hoping they would work it out. Or even better. That Soundwave would.

When the medic was done with him, Prime would turn up, claiming to have come to enjoy these working breaks, and the chance to get outside in the sunlight a bit. After that it was often back to Prime’s quarters where Megatron would be left to entertain himself until the evening.

Evening brought Prime’s return, where they would refuel, Megatron would snark some more, Prime would deflect it with casual calm, and then they would recharge. They had discovered, purely by accident, that Prime’s proximity during recharge balanced Megatron’s systems, and for almost two weeks, Megatron only needed an overload every three days. More than three days in fact. The last week and a half it had been escalating again, and they were down to two days, but Megatron was determined not to give in to that final, awful submission.

He hid his shorter temper. He recharged whenever he could. He reminded himself that Prime did not actually want him in such a manner. Prime didn’t want him at all! He ignored how they would wake tangled around each other. He ignored the whispers from the coding. He even went so far as to overload himself, by valve, to see if that would help. It hadn’t. So he dealt with the waking fantasies and the recharge dreams that left the inside of his panel stained in lubricant, and focused on the few pleasurable things he could.

And those were very few indeed.

Being Prime’s slave was tediously dull. He almost wished Prime would order him around, give him tasks to do. Almost. Instead he read. He had already finished one shelf, and had moved on to the next.

Another thing Megatron enjoyed was thwarting Starscream at every turn. In accordance with the deal with Soundwave, Megatron was now left in the Command Center with Red Alert to assist in anyway he thought he could. He wouldn’t admit it out loud, but Megatron couldn’t remember a time he had had more fun. Thwarting Starscream and, he thought, trying to glitch Red Alert by randomly offering the little Autobot easy, nearly gentle smiles.

Megatron was in the middle of one such smile, when he caught a flash of silver and red on the veiwscreen. Prime had led his merry band of morons off to take on Starscream’s latest strike on a power plant. Prowl’s voice sounded over the comm system, cool and collected, and ordering the wrong attack.

“No, you fools!” Megatron snapped. “Look at the formation, see how Starscream is leading them by more space than usual? He’s going to cut out and roll while Thundercracker and Skywarp run strafing lines on you. Starscream’s going to break left, and attack those flesh creatures with the tanks.”

Prowl passed along new orders to the Autobots dealing with the seekers, and Megatron found his optics caught and held by Prime. A small tremor ran through his frame as he remembered Prime’s hands on his body, Prime’s mouth on his. Heat flooded Megatron’s circuits, his valve tingling in anticipation. He only just kept his cooling vents from starting when Prime lifted and threw Motormaster aside.

That mech had a death wish to keep throwing himself at Prime like that. He had the size and nearly the strength, but no where near the battle experience needed to grapple with Prime.

That was the wrong term to use. Megatron’s imagination kicked up a visual of him and Prime rolling over the berth, grappling, then Prime would win, pinning Megatron’s arms over his head, sinking his spike deep-

Starscream’s shriek of rage snapped Megatron back from his fantasy, and he watched as the Decepticons retreated.

When he returned, Prime was damn close to giddy as far as Megatron could tell. He happily reported that there had been only a few injuries to either side, and none of those seemed severe. No one else seemed to notice how keyed up Prime was, but Megatron did. Luckily Prime was so distracted, he didn’t notice how Megatron trembled, and fought his arousal and need.

He was shocked into silence when Prime’s door closed behind them, and Prime was right there, his hand on Megatron’s arm.

“Tonight, right?” Prime brushed past, drawing a cube of energon and offering it to Megatron. He shook his head, and watched as Prime knocked it back in a single gulp. Then he was right there beside Megatron again, optics bright, hands on Megatron. “You would need it tonight, right?”

Megatron nodded, not daring to speak as he struggled to regain control over himself.

“Do we have to wait?” Prime’s words were a shock, and heat swelled through Megatron. “Can we do it now instead of waiting?”

He was walking Megatron back towards the berth even as he spoke, and to his great shame, Megatron just wasn’t able to resist. Especially not after Prime’s mouth closed over his.

Prime’s hands found every spot on Megatron’s body that made him arch and gasp. He nibbled and kissed his way from one side of Megatron’s neck to the other, then pinned Megatron’s hands above his head. Prime only used one hand, a hold easily broken, but Megatron couldn’t think past how good it all felt, let alone find the will to pull his hands free.

Prime’s free hand brushed Megatron’s panel and it retracted spontaneously. In the next instant Prime’s spike was pushing in, stretching him, filling him, driving him beyond humiliation and shame. Overload came fast and hard, Prime gasping by Megatron’s audial, but not stopping. Megatron’s hands opened and closed uselessly as Prime drove into him. Another overload left Megatron’s mind spinning. Only a few short moments later, his third overload crashed over him, leaving Megatron crying out in sharp, loud, repetitious sobs. Prime growled, and bit at his armor, his neck, his jaw line, then purred out that moan that spoke better than any words how perfect his pleasure was.

Megatron gasped for air, only maintaining consciousness through sheer determination. Prime brushed a light kiss over his lips, and gently pulled away. “I have a meeting with my officers in a few minutes. Are you alright?” Not trusting his voice, Megatron nodded. With a final nuzzle, Prime rose from the berth, and disappeared into the washrack. Megatron stared at the ceiling, the passion gone and leaving in its wake an icy sense of shame.

Was he alright? Physically? Yes, and that was the aspect of the question he had chosen to answer.

He rolled his head to the side as Prime left the washrack. “I’ll be back as soon as I can.” Then he was walking out of the room with a spring in his step.

Megatron’s tanks rolled, and he as glad he hadn’t accepted the offered energon. He didn’t think he’d have been able to stop the purge. It was always close, but this was so much worse this time.

Prime had actually used him for his pleasure.

There was a sense of betrayal there with the usual humiliation. Which didn’t make sense. One must trust another before feeling betrayed by them.

And he’d been begging this time. He, Megatron, tyrant of the known universe, had been begging, pleading with Optimus Prime for that last overload.

His tanks rolled again, and this time he couldn’t stop the purge. Megatron only just made it to the washrack. He stayed under the solvent for a long time, but it didn’t help.