It was the first time Kris had said the word out loud and it felt like it echoed throughout the room in those seconds after he said it. Danny was close, crowding him back and Kris desperately wished that he’d stayed outside rather than trying to go to bed early.

He backed up another step, paling when his legs bumped into the bed and Danny followed.

“It was salvation. It made you realize how wrong it was, didn’t it?” Danny sounded like he was simply debating which movie would be better to watch. Kris froze when Danny wrapped a hand around his arm, his mind flashing back to the first time.

“I’m going to save you.”

Kris shook his head. Not again, I’m not letting it happen again, no, no, no... “Let go of me,” he pulled his arm back, hearing the panic in his own voice as he began to fall backwards, “let go!”

“Kris—“

Danny didn’t have a chance to finish whatever he was about to say before he was ripped away from Kris, who cried out when his back collided with the mattress. His eyes widened as he watched Adam’s fist connect with Danny’s jaw. He let out a breath, stomach clenching at the rage he saw on Adam’s face. Kris couldn’t bring himself to move as he watched Adam deliver punch after punch to Danny’s midsection.

You could just let him finish it, Kris thought. Let Adam end it.

Kris shook his head, immediately pushing the thought away. He wasn’t going to sit back and watch as Adam threw away everything he wanted with every punch he threw, no matter how much he wanted to see Danny on the ground. He pushed himself off the bed when Adam shoved Danny back against the wall, one hand wrapped around his throat.

“Adam.” He swallowed, clearing his throat and raising his voice. “Adam, stop!”

Adam clenched his jaw, hand flexing around Danny’s throat. “Why? One good reason, Kris.”

Kris fought the urge to reach out and touch Adam’s arm. “He’s not worth losing everything you’ve worked for.” He paused and let out a shaky breath. “And I don’t want you to go.”

At that, Adam abruptly let go of Danny and stepped back, watching as he doubled over. He stared at him for a few moments before he suddenly kicked out, slamming his foot into Danny’s groin. His lips twisted when Danny only managed to groan before he dropped to the ground, hunching over. Adam clenched his hands into fists and then reached down and grabbed Danny by the neck, hauling him up and dragging him to the door.

“You can figure out a way to explain your face to makeup tomorrow,” he snapped, shoving him into the hallway hard enough that he slammed into the wall opposite the door. “And you damn well better make sure that you stay the hell away from Kris or this is going to be nothing, you understand me?” He didn’t wait for an answer before he slammed the door shut and backed away from it, breathing deeply.

It was another few moments before he turned back to Kris and Kris had to fight not to flinch at the look in Adam’s eyes. Still, something must have shown on his face because Adam’s expression had already softened.

He stepped forward, hand reaching out before he stopped and let his hand drop. Kris felt like he’d been punched in the gut.

Now Adam knew.

“Kris, is it...” Adam bit his lip. “Is that okay? Hugging?”

Kris swallowed, part of him wanting to snap that he wasn’t some fragile piece of glass, the other just glad that Adam wasn’t rejecting him, that he was worried about him instead. He chewed on the inside of his cheek and then finally decided to tell Adam the truth.

“The only time I’ve felt safe the last couple weeks is when you hugged me,” he confessed, looking down.

The words were barely out of his mouth before Adam had his arms wrapped around Kris, holding him tightly.

“I’m so sorry I didn’t—“ Adam cut himself off and shook his head. “I’m here now, though, okay? I promise, I won’t let him anywhere near you. It’s going to be okay.”

Kris shook his head, pressing his face against Adam’s chest. “It’s not,” he managed, his voice sounding slightly choked. “It’s not okay.” He started to pull away. “You know now, you know what I let him—“

“No.” Adam’s arms tightened around him, cutting him off. “No,” he repeated, pulling back just enough to look down at Kris. “You didn’t let him do anything, Kris. You didn’t ask for this.” He pulled Kris close again. “This is not your fault.”

Kris shuddered. Adam was wrong. If he’d been stronger, he’d have been able to stop it the first time. He hadn’t even stopped it this time, Adam had. Instead, he’d frozen and panicked and, God, he wished he were stronger.

As if he could sense what Kris was thinking, Adam lowered his head so that it was almost like he was wrapped around Kris completely. “It’s not your fault,” he repeated, his voice low.

They were silent for a few moments and then Adam pulled back again and stared down at Kris before he moved to the bed, sitting down and scooting back until his back was against the headboard. Kris watched as he settled there and then looked up, motioning for Kris to join him. Once Kris had climbed up next to him, Adam wrapped an arm around his shoulders.

“Does Katy know?” he asked quietly.

Kris’s eyes widened and he jerked away from Adam. “You can’t tell her,” he blurted. “Adam, you can’t, she can’t know, you can’t tell her, please...” He could feel himself shaking at the thought of the look that Katy would get on her face if she knew.

He hadn’t been able to bring himself to do more than hug or kiss her when they’d been allowed their trips home. It was ridiculous because being with Katy shouldn’t have been hard. The way he’d always been able to wrap himself around her should have been comforting. Instead, he’d felt dirty and unworthy of her and he’d tried to avoid being alone with her too much, just as he’d been avoiding talking to her too much on the phone. She’d noticed and he hated the hurt look in her eyes but he just couldn’t bring himself to do anything more.

It was one of the things they’d been arguing about lately, among other things.

Adam tugged him closer. “Kris, she’s going to find out if you tell the cops.”

Kris stared. Tell the cops? How could Adam think he could tell them what happened? He couldn’t tell anyone. “I’m not telling them.” When it looked like Adam was going to say something, Kris shook his head. “I’m not telling anyone. I can’t.”

“Why not?”

Kris let out a breath. “Do you know what’ll happen if I try to say something? It’ll be a media circus. There’s no proof because it was weeks ago. It’s my word against his and even if you said something, Danny’s never actually confessed. He’s not going to.” He looked down. “I can’t say anything. I can’t stand the thought of everyone knowing, of it being talked about by other people.”

Adam squeezed Kris’ shoulder. “He needs to pay for what he did.”

“It won’t be that way,” Kris said. This was something he was sure of. He wouldn’t be pressing charges. He let out a breath and hated the way his voice shook when he continued, “I can’t handle it, Adam.”

Adam pulled him closer, pressing Kris’s face against his neck. Kris listened to him breathe for a few moments and then Adam sighed. “Okay. I won’t force you to do that.” Kris closed his eyes, letting himself relax. “But you’re not dealing with this on your own anymore. I’m not budging on that one, Kris.” He pulled back and made sure to meet Kris’s eyes. “Whatever you need, I’ll help, okay?”

Kris stared up at him and then nodded. He leaned forward and pressed his forehead against Adam’s shoulder. “What’s going to happen on tour?”

“We’ll figure it out,” Adam told him. “I promise.”

Kris wrapped his arms around Adam’s waist, nodding, and for just a moment, he let himself believe.