Title: Betty Jo Reminisces
Author: Tony Tiger <tonytigerxxx@yahoo.com>
Summary: An Ozark hill girl reminisces about her life on her 21st birthday(codes)
*******************************************************************************
Betty Jo Hatfield was a nice girl. She had a nice face, nice hair, nice tits, and a nice ass. But most of all she had a nice attitude just like her momma taught her. Livin way back in the Arkansas Ozarks, in a county that didn't have even one stop light, Momma was "old school". Life was hard enough without making more trouble so you took care of yore men every way they needed it cuz you needed them to take care of you. The Hatfield genes were good at making strong bodies but weren't real strong in the brains department, especially when they got mixed back together a little too much. But Betty Jo was nice and that helped her a lot in her life.

She was twenty one! She'd heard that you should think about your life on birthdays so that is what she did. Figgurin new things out wasn't easy but she had a very good memory and when she did larn something she could do it well. So she thunk back as far as she could remember...

When she was little in that small house in a holler she thought she remembered a different Pa than now. She had two older brothers who didn't look much like her and the two younger ones. Ma never said nothin about that and she was too nice to ask. Being as the house was so small there wasn't much privacy. Baths in the summer were in the crick and in the winter in the big washtub. She eventually noticed that she and Ma had some different parts than the rest and peed different too. One day she asked Ma about why Pa took her behind the curtain to their bed so much when it wasn't sleeping time and they made those funny noises and the bed creaked a lot. Ma said that she was "takin' care of her man" with no further explanation. 

Her body started changing. The beginnings of breasts and other curves slowly appeared. When the kids went swimmin the older boys would sometimes get "stiffies" and would stand in front of her pumping their hands on them until white stuff shot out of the end, then their "dicks" would go soft again. She couldn't do that and persuaded them to let her help. The oldest one was getting hair at his crotch too. After a while she asked why dicks did that. Knowing enough to be dangerous, big brother said that was how Ma "took care of" Pa but in different way. Girls had a special place that made a dick shoot real good. Betty Jo was puzzled so she laid down on the grass and they all inspected her crotch. Sure enuf, right under her pee hole was another opening. Big brother pushed his finger in and Betty Jo said it felt funny but good. Her other brother moved his finger in and out and that felt even better. Big brother said that little brother's stiffie was about the size of their fingers so maybe it would fit. Sure enough, it did but went only anout half way in until it hit her hymen. Betty Jo liked it moving in and out so she asked him to keep doing it and he shot the first semen inside her. She had loosened up so big brother put his bigger stiffie in and dumped a much bigger load. Her younger brothers were quite small so they copied the older ones in their own way, like peeing on each other.

This became a daily game. One day it got pretty vigorous and little brother pushed too hard, broke through her hymen, and was fully buried in her cunt. Wow! It hurt for a moment but felt so much better it didn't matter. Big brother was soon balls deep too and Betty Jo was so proud to make them feel so good. It was pleasant for her but they never lasted long enough for her to discover her own orgasm.

In the summer it was easy to find a time and place for the daily "duty" that each teenage boy wanted. In the winter there was school so a good time was when Ma was getting it from Pa. One or both brothers would slip into Betty Jo's bed and dip their tallywhacker into her twitchet. Ot they would go the two holer together and she would sit on their lap to do it.

Finally the "curse" that Ma talked about started so she was out of commission from time to time. Older brother had learned about cornholing and sucking off. Betty Jo chose the latter and found it was also useful when time was short because she could get both boys to shoot together, one at each end.  

After about six months Betty Jo's period didn't come when she expected it. That didn't bother her as much as the throwing up. Ma hadn't noticed that her daughter was getting ridden hard and left wet but soon figured out that she was knocked up. While Pa beat the shit out of the older brothers, Ma took the girl to a backwoods abortionist who terminated the pregnancy but also any hope of future ones as well. Her recovery was slow, so Ma, not wanting her boys to get "blue balls", did her duty by fucking them when Pa wasn't around. A woman must take care of her men, a principle strongly impressed on her daughter.

In time, Betty Jo got her brothers back in the saddle again. Ma was getting sickly so Betty Jo dropped out of school to help her. She was four grades behind anyway so that book larnin was kinda waste of time. Ma had lots of household duties to teach her. Besides, cashflow on that rockscrabble place was pretty poor since none of the men could find or keep a real job. Seemed like the more they hung around the place the more often their peckers needed drainin. Betty Jo didn't mind because the boys' peckers were getting bigger and they shore were happy when they shot that stuff in her, but it got a bit messy sometimes.

The neighbor family in the next holler offered her a cash job. Their ma had run off with a travelling bible salesman. The man ran a popular still with the help of his two teenage sons and they needed a woman bad...for ALL the household reasons. They had money and offered twenty dollars a week for two meals a day and housecleaning. She got Sunday off. With all the male juice injecttions she was getting her body had ripened nicely. Her wardrobe wasn't much so it got showed off a bit too. It wasn't long before the ogling and groping got her to figger out that these three horny hillbillys needed "takin care of" like her family. She did ask for ten dollars a week more since she would have to spend more time there. The first day of her new duties she didn't get any housework done and only one meal ccoked but her employer didn't complain. When she got home she told Ma to take care of the boys because her crotch was too sore. She had to cut her on-the-job "carin's" to once a day each so she could get the rest of her work done.

Ma got sick and asked Betty Jo to "take care of" Pa and when Ma died she just moved into his bed. He was smart enuf to know she was abangin' the boys and neighbors so he wanted her pussy first thing when it was fresher. He was bigger and lasted longer than any of the other cunt fillers she got and he made it tingle more. Ma had showed her how to rinse her man pleaser so she did that after banging the boys, so they would sleep well, and Pa got clean, though tired, pussy.

Her neighbors got busted by the sheriff when their product quality dropped. When the nice deputy found out she wasn't part of the family or business he took down her information and sent her home. The next day Deputy Billy Bob stopped by her place and said she needed to come to the office to answer some questions. He reassured Pa that she wasn't in trouble. It was kindof fun to be riding in a police car and, after answering some questions she could have been asked at home, she was treated to lunch at McDonalds, a first time experience for the country girl. During lunch and on the roundabout drive home, the deputy asked a lot of questions not related to the crime, but since he was the police she answered honestly. He was single, not particularly good looking, and hadn't had a real girlfriend...in other words, he was a virgin. He asked her to dinner on Saturday, her first date.

Pa wasn't too sure about this development but did his best to be helpful. She altered one of Ma's Sunday dresses and got all clean at the swimmin' hole. When Billy Bob's fairly new truck pulled up, and he held the door for her, she was thrilled. Dinner at Denny's was a marvelous experience...ALL those choices and she didn't have to cook! As they sat down by the river and held hands, Billy Bob said he needed a woman to clean his apartment and fix some meals twice a week for the same pay she had been getting. She asked if he had a woman to "take care of" him. He was puzzled about what she meant. Even though Ma had told her that you didn't talk about "takin care of" outside the family, he was a policeman after all. She explained about her family and her former employer and what she did for them. He was not completely shocked, it WAS the Ozarks, answered "No, I don't!", and having noticed the tent in his pants, unzipped him for his first blow job. She promised to take care of him better when she came to work. He got hard at the thought and got blown again.

He beat off frequently waiting for Sunday after church when she would come to his apartment. She brought her workin' clothes and got busy. There was plenty to do and he helped so he could be nearby and watch her braless tits swing and sway inside her thin blouse. After a while, Billy Bob offered her a beer and a break. She hardly ever got one because the men drank them first. "He is being so nice to me," she thought. "My turn to be nice." She dropped her jeans and bent over the table, just like her previous employer had preferred. Billy Bob was stunned by the sight of her buns and hairy cunt. He turned her around and kissed her hard. "Don't you want me to take care of you?" she said when their lips parted. "Yes, but not like that," Billy Bob replied, starting to take her blouse off. "Oh, you want to do it nekkid like Pa!" she exclaimed. He was lost in her bounteous boobs as she struggled with his belt and zipper. He led her to the first queen size bed she had ever been in and began exploring her body with eager hands and lips. Betty Jo was amazed at all this attention. Although she had been pawed often enough before penetration, this was a whole lot different. Billy Bob hadn't had much "hands on" experience but had read enough on the internet to have a good idea of what he wanted to do.

No more housework got done that day. The was all new territory for Billy Bob. He had been beating off so much in anticipation that he could take his time and "smell the pussy". Even though Betty Jo had been penetrated by six different peckers literally thousands of times and, had gallons of semen spurted inside her, this was her first time for "real" lovemaking. She had never had so much kissing; enjoyed her tits so much; had a tongue exploring and exciting her cunnie (she was glad she had rinsed out the morning family fluid dumps); had never touched, sucked, or copulated with a circumcised penis; or had a man spend more time holding her than how long it took to make his dick dump cum in her. Sex suddenly became a lot more than a mildly pleasant but messy duty. Her twitchet was a twitchin when Billy Bob couldn't hold back anymore in the velvet glove around his pecker and let loose the biggest blast of cum in his life. He almost collapsed on top of his love angel and she giggled with the tickling sensation on her cervix.

When the newly made man recovered his wits he realized that Betty Jo hadn't cum so he reluctantly pulled his shrinking peter out and headed south to give her a climax the other way he knew about. When his tongue hit her clit she spasmed in a way she never knew she could. The electricity radiated all through her body and she damn near strangled her lover with her clamping thighs. She shrieked and flailed and babbled and actually passed out for a few minutes. Bobby was ready to do CPR when she smiled up at him asked "What happened?" He explained orgasms in wonderment at her odd naivete. "Ma never told me about this...musta never happened to her. I want it to happen to me again...can we do it now?" Billy Bob laughed, "I wish we could but it's almost time to take you home." "I don't really want to go...the work isn't done...can I come back tomorrow?" "Sure, but we'd better get the work done FIRST!" Betty Jo had her first indoor shower, and with a partner it was ever so much fun too. Betty Jo didn't wash out her twat because she wanted to keep his seed in her forever, even though it would get diluted with more before sleep and probably again in the morning. Billy lay in the bed with the wet spot reliving the afternoon. He regretted that she couldn't stay since he knew her wonderful pussy would get fucked a bunch before she was with him again. But then he realized how much pecker mileage it had and wasn't worn out, so he relaxed.

After a month of Betty Jo's frequent housekeeping visits, and times the deputy patrolled her part of the county when her guys were gone somewhere, plus some weekend dates, they both were getting real attached to each other, real fond of their sex together, and frustrated with the situation. Sex with her family was better only because she thought about her boyfriend as they pumped and spurted in her. Finally Betty Jo had an idea. She knew a widder woman at church that was decent lookin and could cook pretty good. She had a girl-to-girl talk with Beverly one Sunday and proposed to pay her to take over the family duties. When the woman found out that it included banging three men she offered to pay Betty Jo for the opportunity! She was invited to the house for Sunday dinner the next week and the introductions went well. After a few trial days cooking and screwin, everyone was happy. Betty Jo packed up her few belongings and moved to Billy Bob's apartment and the Beverly didn't spend many nights in her own bed. She'd never had so much hard, young prick in her life. She was into quantity, not quality, at the moment and she knew from experience that, with diligent and frequent practice, she could make any man into a better fuck. Now she had three students.

The lovebirds were in heaven, and hardly out of bed, the first week. Out of gratefulness, Beverly came over some when Billy Bob was working and helped Betty Jo learn about household items she hadn't previously encountered. When Betty Jo asked how it was going, the Beverly said she was getting the kitchen more up to date with extra stuff she had and the men were getting updated too. Betty Jo was a little bit puzzled by that but didn't know what to ask.

After a month or so, Betty Jo was getting a bit restless since life was much easier now. She and Billy Bob were spending as much time screwing each other as she had previously spent with her whole family put together but he had to work different shifts so she had too much alone time. Beverly knew, VERY well as a matter of fact, the  preacher at a little church within walking distance, important since Betty Jo ccouldn't drive. There was a part time paid job cleaning the church and parsonage. She introduced them and Betty Jo now had a real job. She and her man started to attend the services and liked the emphasis on love and prosperity rather than all the sin and damnation they had heard before.

The preacher man was in his mid-fifties and divorced, mostly because of excessive ministering to female congregants of all ages. After a few scares he had a vasectomy, one of the wiser decisions of his life. He was currently "spreading the love", or the thighs, of only one wife in the congregation. Beverly stopped by once a week now since her twat was getting plenty of younger cock. Betty Jo was luscious and naive and arrived at just the right time. 

The twice weekly cleanings took up some of Betty Jo's time and energy but there was plenty left over for visitin'. The preacher skillfully probed her upbringing and latched on to Ma's edit about "takin care of yore men". After convincing her of his "neediness", since he had no wife, the young woman began dropping her drawers on every visit. She didn't get nekkid like with Billy. The preacher loved doggie so she bent over his desk and he would fondle her braless tits under her blouse as he pumped. His pecker was circumcised too and felt pretty good but she saved her orgasms for her main man.

This had gone on for a couple of months when, one afternoon, Billy Bob got off work early and was waiting when Betty Jo got home from her church job. He pulled off what few clothes she was wearing and headed for the "Y" where he got a mouthfull of fresh cum. She usually rinsed her pussy when she got home to be fresh for Billy Jo. He pulled back and said angrily, "Where did you get that?" She replied kind of bewildered at his actions, "From the preacher, of course!" "How long has that been going on?" "For a while, I don't remember exactly!" "Why didn't you tell me?" "Didn't know I had to...I was just takin' care of him cause he needed it!" Billy Jo knew the Reverend got quite a bit of other "takin care of" but he couldn't tell Betty Jo that because it would hurt her feelings. She was just being her nice self and he couldn't fault her simple reasoning. He'd had her "sloppy" often enough before so he figgured he might as well accept it, dipped his wick into the preacher's silky "love offering", and enjoyed her himself. The subject was not brought up again except for a promise to talk to him BEFORE she started "takin' care of" any other men. And she didn't have to always rinse her cunt.

Betty Jo and Beverly had coffee once in a while. Beverly reported that she was having a good time with the "boys". They were learning manners and other civilized things. She had found Betty Jo's brothers some real parttime jobs that required more muscle than brains while Pa was kept busy doing some long neglected repairs and upgrades to the house. The promise of good pussy for good behavior was a prime motivator, as she well knew. Soon Betty Jo and Billy Bob would be invited for Sunday dinner to show off the improvements.

Beverly inquired about the church work and Betty Jo beamed. She had been learning some secretarial skills and how to use the church computer. Beverly guessed, based on long experience, that the preacher was tapping her tush since he didn't invite Beverly over very often anymore, but she couldn't ask. It came out that Betty Jo had dropped out of school so Beverly suggested that she could be the first in her family to get a high school diploma. That seemed like a good goal and she got enrolled to take classes online using the church computer. The preacher was very supportive since that meant she would be available every day of the week and offered to assist and tutor as needed. The weather was getting warmer so she started wearing dresses cause it was easier to give the reverend access to what he wanted sometimes a couple of times during her work or study time. Like her Pa, he didn't take very long to shoot his stuff. There wasn't near as much as her brothers or Billy Bob put in there so it wasn't too messy. It made her feel good to hear the happy sounds he made.

Although he and Betty Jo were having better and better sex, thanks to suggestions from Beverly, it still bothered Billy Bob that his woman was getting fucked five days a week by another man. She passed her GED exam and then only visited the church on her two work days. Beverly invited them for dinner at Pa's place to celebrate and show off the improvements. There was a toilet and shower now although the wastewater ran through a pipe to the bottom of the holler but downstrream from the crick pool wherer they swam. Dinner was good and it was fun to visit with her brothers. She showed off her diploma too.

One day Beverly invited her to go swimmin in the crick like old times. She didn't have a swimmin suit but Beverly said they'd just go bare. The water felt good and they were sunning when her brothers showed up. They got nekkid too and got good and hard splashing around with the women. When everyone dried off and laid on the blanket, the boys started getting touchy-feely. After all, they'd fucked both women lots before. Betty Jo watched her oldest brother get between Beverly's legs. She'd never actually watched fuckin before and was fascinated. She just kept watchin as the other brother got behind her and slipped his pecker in. She didn't pay him no mind, figgurin he wouldn't last long. She was surprised when she realized that both boys were doin it lots better and lots longer. She had an orgasm, like with Billy Bob, as her brother shot his wad. The other couple finished too and the boys swapped partners for another good fuck with another orgasmic finish. As they rinsed their dripping cunts in the crick, Betty Jo said, "You are a hell of a good teacher!" She decided she didn't have to tell Billy Bob because it wasn't anybody new. And she wanted to come swimming again so they arranged to do it once a week if the weather was nice.    

Billy Bob was thinkin that maybe if he married Betty Jo he could keep her pussy all to himself. She still said he was the best but he wanted to be the "only". There was one other issue. He wanted kids someday and couldn't figger out why Betty Jo didn't have a dozen by now with all the screwin she'd done with no birth control. They went to a wimmen's doctor who confirmed and explained what had happened when she was younger. They were both kinda upset by the news. Billy Bob got a bit distant and wasn't screwing her as well so Betty Jo asked Beverly for advice. Seeing an opportunity, she said, "Maybe he is feelin bad because you have had eight peckers in you and he hasn't never been with another woman. Maybe he doesn't think it's fair. This made some sense to the simple girl even though it hadn't occured to Billy Bob. Beverly continued, "How about you have me over for dinner and then tell Billy Bob you want to see how he looks ascrewin'. I'll say that sounds like fun and take my clothes off. Between us he won't be able to resist." He couldn't and Beverly stayed all night with both women wearing him out. Betty Jo told him, "When it's my monthly you go have Beverly take care of you." 

The young couple finally realized that adoption was a way to have children and they made wedding plans. There was a small ceremony in the little church by the preacher who wondered if he would still be able to tap her prime pussy. Their friends donated two nights at a Holiday Inn with a swimming pool an hour away as a wedding present. They had fun in the hot tub and even met another married couple who did some same room soft swapping sex with them.

After the honeymoon, Billy Bob said she shouldn't do any "taking care of" outside of family. The preacher started calling Beverly more often. Betty Jo didn't realize that "family", to her husband, referred only to the new one with just the two of them so she kept banging her brothers from time to time. After a while Billy Bob got to missin Beverly's talented cunt so they all got drunk and had a meetin of the minds about screwin. More was really merrier.

Wrapping up her reminiscing, Betty Jo looked over at her husband in the hot tub. They had come back to the Holiday Inn to celebrate this special day. Before leaving home that morning she had gone to Pa's place and screwed her brothers and her Pa, then stopped by the church for a reaming by the Reverend. The couple had a great dinner at the Golden Corral and bought the champagne they were sharing right now. The rest of her 21st birthday would be spent in bed making love to her wonderful, accepting husband. 