Current location: 
St. Paul, MN 

Current mood: 

optimistic 

Entry tags: 

!fandom: harry potter, chaptered: how strange, character: james potter, character: lily evans, character: peter pettigrew, character: remus lupin, character: sirius black, length: 2000+ words, pairing: lily/james, pairing: remus/sirius

How Strange, The Form of Fear: Chapter 22 [Harry Potter]
Fandom: Harry Potter
Title: How Strange, The Form of Fear
Chapter: 22: Hanging Upside Down
Summary: In school, Remus and Sirius perform a complicated spell to marry their thoughts in a subtle but intricate union. Fluffy beginning, epic-length, angsty ending. It sticks somewhat close to canon throughout.
This Chapter: Sirius and Lily might be-- friends? Is the world upside down? Or was it just that Ravenclaw? Sirius gets out of the hospital wing.
Characters/Pairings: Remus/Sirius, James/Lily
Rating/Warnings: G, character illness
Word Count: 2680
AN: There really is no excuse for the length of time this went between updates. But you will notice it was exactly the length of my semester. I could plead school, but I don't think it's to blame.

Chapter 22: Hanging Upside Down

"So then I said, 'are you just going to stare at my bum, or do you want to touch it?'"

"You what?" Lily blushed and buried herself in the Potions text.

"Well, I was pissed. But so was he. You know what he said back?"

Lily pursed her lips and added Bulbotuber puss to the slowly-simmering potion on the floor of Sirius' room in the isolation ward.

"He said, 'If you'll let me touch your bum, I will, but I'd much rather stick my cock in it.'"

Lily gasped and dropped her glass stirring rod. It clattered on the ground as her face went beet red.

"What? It's just sex, Evans. You've never heard of two blokes having sex?" He was grinning at her. She was sure he was trying to get a rise out of her.

"I'm just not used to people... discussing their sex lives so... openly. What would Remus think?"

Sirius waggled an eyebrow. "You can ask him yourself, you know. He doesn't mind as much as you think he might. Considering the secrets he keeps, he considers this bit of information to be open season. I'm guessing that's partly 'cause he does the giving and I do the taking, if you catch my drift. I don't mind people knowing that, though, because anyone that has something bad to say about it is just proving to me they haven't tried." Sirius got a dreamy look.

"I cannot believe I am even having this conversation," Lily answered, half to herself. Sirius leaned down very stiffly to hand her the dried frog stomach he'd been dicing, and she added it. The liquid turned black and Lily smiled in satisfaction.

"You mind if I ask you something, then?" Sirius wouldn't meet her eyes.

"Sure, go ahead, but I don't have to answer, you know."

"No, you don't. Uh... Has my-- has Regulus been sick at all?"

Her head jerked up. "You mean he didn't stop in?"

Sirius just stared at her.

"He's been and gone. You've been in here practically longer than anyone, Black. There's a mountain of chocolate for you in your dorm room. The whole school is talking about you, but your brother didn't even stop in to say hello?"

Sirius shook his head. "Regulus isn't my brother."

"Sirius. I know how it is. My little sister wants almost nothing to do with me--"

"No no," Sirius shook his head. "Gods above, he used to be. I loved him so much. But my little brother died at some point. I used to actually think he'd been poisoned or Imperious'd. For all I know, he has been. What you don't know... You know, Evans, Regulus begged Walburga to be allowed to cast the Cruciatus on me."

Lily gasped. Her stomach flipped vilely.

Sirius released an evil, dead sort of laugh she hadn't heard before. "As a punishment for being sorted into Gryffindor."

"He didn't--"

"Oh, he did."

"Your mum gave him permission? I'd think you were lying, Sirius, if I didn't know how balls you are at lying."

"Um, thanks? I think."

"You and Potter are two of a kind," she rolled her eyes.

A sarcastic grin fluttered over Sirius' face as he pulled the wings off dead beetles to add to the potion. "'S my point, though. That bitch Walburga is not my mum. She might be my mother, and she might have given birth to me, but the woman who sang me lullabies is just as dead as the little boy who used to ask me to get down the cookies from the high shelf. Mrs. Potter's my mum now, and I couldn't be happier."

"Really?" Lily could hear the skepticism and pity in her own voice.

Sirius smiled up at her. "Evans. Really. I can't lie, remember?"

"Right." She frowned at him.

He frowned back. "Merlin's sake, Evans, when the hell is this potion going to be done? What was it we were making again?"

Lily heaved a genuinely exasperated sigh. "Sirius, could you at least try to keep up with your studies?"

"I said I'd work as hard as I do regularly, didn't I?" Sirius winked.

"Black, you are insufferable."

*****

"Two days," Lily sing-songed.

Remus tried to hide his smile and blush in the depths of his scarf, but was unable to.

"I hate to admit it, but James is right. You two are ridiculously cute."

"So he's James now, huh?"

Lily shrugged and Remus let it drop. She leaned against his arm for warmth, and he wrapped the arm around her.

"It must be nice," she sighed, "being in love."

Remus snorted. "I just got done telling James earlier this week that it's its own particular brand of hell. I don't think anyone would do it, if they knew what it was like and could help it."

She laughed. "Now you sound like Severus."

Remus shrugged and answered quietly, "Then maybe Severus knows something about love."

"Yeah, or maybe he knows something about this new Dark Lord," Lily's voice turned bitter.

"Not mutually exclusive," Remus allowed.

After another minute of wind-whistling silence during which they gazed out onto the lake, Lily continued very softly. "Sirius told me some... some troubling things. About his family."

Remus inhaled and exhaled. There were things Sirius had never told him, but no one could read Sirius' silences like Remus could. "Don't tell me," Remus interrupted her. "He hasn't told me because he has some pride left, and that's something I understand. I know the things he's told you, but I don't need to hear it. Don't tell me."

"Remus..."

"Please," Remus turned to her. "Life with Sirius is complicated. He is a proud man, but a proud man who lays almost all of that pride aside for me. I'm not going to strip him of the last little bit. He doesn't strip me of mine, either."

"What do you mean?" Her green eyes could see too far into him. He sighed.

"Sirius never-- He never-- He just doesn't let me see him pity me, not ever. I know he knows lycanthropy isn't all a joke, but he keeps up the joke facade because he knows I would rather think he's not taking it seriously than to think he pities me. I know how he feels, just like I know about his experiences with his family that he hasn't told me about. But he pretends, and I pretend, and we do that because... we are both men, Lily. Men need to keep their pride. I don't want to be fussed over, and James and Peter, God bless them, they do fuss over me sometimes. When Sirius does, he complains or tells stories and never lets on what he's doing. Sirius also doesn't want to be fussed over. Men don't make public displays of their pain."

"Neither do women!" Lily countered.

"I didn't mean to imply-- I just mean, women are better with showing vulnerability. It's not a bad thing, Lily. Men aren't able to ask for help, even when they need it. Women will ask even when they don't."

"Then... why did he tell me? If it was a secret, or if he doesn't want help?" Her eyes were wide and-- frightened?

"First, I gather Sirius trusts you. Second, you're not all that close to him. In fact, you tend to dislike him, so you're not overly likely, at least in his mind, to rush to his aid. Third, you're not me. I hold all of Sirius, and have power over him. Love... it's very powerful." He laughed at this flat-sounding kernel of wisdom. "I think it's possibly the oldest, strongest, most dangerous magic... And muggle magic, too. Sirius loves muggle magic."

She seemed to drift in his warm, smooth voice, even if most of what he said couldn't possibly make much sense to her.

"What Sirius and I did wasn't to bind our souls, you know? It was to heal this enormous pain of two sundered halves of one soul being forced to live apart."

Lily stared up at him for a great long while before she dared to break the silence. "Remus, that's... the most romantic thing anyone's ever said to me."

He raised an eyebrow at her. "You need to get out more if your most romantic experience is with a married werewolf mincer, Lily."

She chuckled and unwrapped herself from Remus' arm to stand up. "I don't have time to get out. I have a full time job. The Lupin-Black owl is a busy bird, Remus." She folded her arms and flapped them at him.

"Just a couple more days?" he implored her.

"As long as you keep those owl treats coming."

*****

Sirius was released from the isolation ward on a Monday two weeks after the full. Madam Pomfrey announced him healed, told him to mind he didn't exhaust himself, showered him in several disinfectant spells, and sent him into the hallway.

Granted, Sirius had been expecting some sort of waiting party. And indeed, he was greeted by one. He just hadn't expected that it would be so large. After all, he knew to expect his boyfriend, his best friends, maybe even Evans (was she a friend? Maybe even a best friend now?), but should he have guessed that half of Gryffindor Tower and a good number of Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff students would turn up? Even a couple Slytherin firsties were hanging about. The reason for such a gathering was clear to anyone with a brain: wherever Marauders gathered was clearly the place to be, and if Marauders were gathering in an upstairs hallway, people found themselves with a sudden urge to also be in that upstairs hallway. Sirius guessed that most of these students didn't have a clue why they were standing about. They just wanted to look cool doing whatever Peter, James, and Remus did. Some others must have known, because they were already eying the hall doors when Sirius burst through them.

And burst through them he did. As he had been expecting at least a small group to greet him, Sirius had already decided upon making an entrance, and, as most entrances do, that began with his exit from one place into the next. There were tall, heavy double doors separating the isolation ward's ante-chamber from the Hogwarts hallway proper. He first lay his hands against the doors, pushing a bit to judge the weight and how much force to use. Then, he stepped back, straightened his robes, mussed his hair, licked his (oh he so intended to need to use them!) lips, rubbed the toes of his shoes on his calves for a lazy-arse shine, and burst forth from the oaken-carved portal into the bright, marble hallway of--

Of students.

Some of them clapped. Gits.

"Oi. Black. This is my turf you're stepping on. Best shove off before I throw you off-- out the window!"

Sirius turned with a grin to watch James hamming-it-up. "Oh yeah, Potter? If you think you have some claim to this hallway you're going to have to put your fists where your big fat mouth is and come through me to get it." Sirius drew his wand. Some firsties gasped. They cuoldn't think this whole business was real! Sirius had been out of school so long that maybe they did.

James wiggled his eyebrows at one first year Slytherin student. This is why the older Slytherin knew to stay away from this sort of thing. Then James drew his wand.

"Are you a muggle, that you fight with your fist, or are you a Black? Are you any kind of wizard at all? I heard your family tossed you on your bum!"

A Ravenclaw third year laughed and said loudly, "They did toss him out, you know."

Sirius and James locked eyes. They had just acquired a new target. No one could say something like that about Sirius in public and expect to walk away unscathed.

"Scoundrel!" Sirius held his wand high. "I refuse to bow to you, blood traitor."

"Rogue! It's just as well, as I would never bow to such a failure."

Remus heaved a long-suffering sigh and muttered with not anywhere near enough gusto, "On one. Three two one."

James and Sirius spun simultaneously and aimed their hexes at the Ravenclaw third year. Soon, he was hanging upside down with tulips growing from his nose. The students laughed.

"You're a Ravenclaw. You ought to be smarter than that," James called to the hanging student.

Remus let the boy down and said, "There's something to that, you know. What you said was profoundly stupid in any company."

"I hope you learned your lesson!" a Hufflepuff girl laughed.

The boy scrubbed at his teary eyes and ran for the hospital wing.

"Sirius! James! That was--"

But Evans was interrupted by Remus and Peter joining Sirius and James in the center of the crowd of onlookers. If the students were hoping for some great public snog (and Geena was there, so at least one student was), they were going to be disappointed, because Sirius and Remus were not as soppy as that, but it had been weeks, and a Full Moon besides, so Sirius could not have moved away even if he wanted to when Remus coiled arms around him from the back and rested a beautifully unshaven chin on Sirius' shoulder.

"Where's your boa, then? I heard it was sexy." Remus whispered.

Evans had approached, looking huffy, but she seemed to have heard what Remus' said, because her cheeks were starting to pink up.

"Seems like my owl was delivering some messages I didn't write," Sirius laughed. Suddenly, he remembered other conversations he and Evans had shared and his humor faded, though he kept wearing the smile for the sake of appearances.

Of course, appearances would not fool Remus, who was in his head anyway. Remus whispered, "Not the others. The things you told Lily are between you two."

Sirius spun and playfully pushed Remus away. "You know too many of my secrets, Lupin."

"Mmm, I know more of your secrets than you know, Black." He winked. Moony was winking at him.

Sirius grinned. Peter and James rolled their eyes in mirror images of exasperation. "We've lost them," James muttered.

"Aw, let 'em be," Lily said. "Go hang up some more Ravenclaws. I don't approve, but at least you're picking on all houses now."

"Not all houses," James corrected. "It was never about the Slytherins, anyway. I only hex people who prove themselves to be of poor moral character."

"Yeah? Have you hexed yourself recently?" Lily asked sharply.

"Not recently, I don't think. But hey, I've never hexed you, have I?"

"Sirius did, in second year."

"Oh, well I don't have the moral hang-ups of Prongs here." Sirius smiled. "I was just jealous 'cause he was all like Evans this and Evans that and 'Evans is the center of the universe' and 'Evans is the smartest girl here', and 'I'm going to marry Evans one day.'" Sirius rolled his eyes. "Wouldn't give a mate the time of day. He hexed me for that back, though, so no worries owlie."

"You did not just call me 'owlie'."

"I'm sorry, 'Great and Wise Black-Lupin Owl'."

"Lupin-Black," Remus and Lily answered simultaneously.

Sirius rolled his eyes.

"Well, at least if James thinks so highly of me, it's clear who is the brains of your little duo," she sneered at Sirius.

Sirius smiled back. "I never said otherwise. Everyone knows I'm the cute one. It's my job to sleep with the prefect so he'll let James here plan whatever he likes."

Remus shoved Sirius.

"But if you'll excuse me," Sirius stepped away from the group, "My last prefectly shag was much much too long ago, and may be about to wear out. I wouldn't want to get in trouble for that Ravenclaw bloke," he pointed towards where the boy had been hanging.

Remus was silent, his lips pressed tightly together, but it was eventually he who pulled Sirius from the group and in the direction of one of their private liaison locations. Sirius, however, was all too happy to let himself be dragged.