A Bet With Girl Next Door
byDark0007©

Hello my name is Josh. I live in New York. I am a game tester and mostly stay indoors. I have a huge crush on my neighbour.

Katie Turquotte the girl next door lives with her sister Isabelle. I saw her first time when I moved in and it was love at first sight.

Katie is a look alike of an actress Katrina kaif with only difference being her breast are bigger and she always wears spectacles.

Which kind of make her look more hot. Whenever I see her she's always in her business attire. I lack the courage to talk to her but I always give a kind smile.

One day I was busy playing counter strike on my T.V. when I heard a knock on my door. It was 1 am I was confused as to who could it be.

I opened the door and my heart skipped a beat. It was Katie standing in front of my door with an apologetic smile.

She seemed like she just arrived from a long day at work. She was wearing a black skirt, white blouse and a black blazer over it.

Katie, "Hey Josh, I'm sorry to disturb you but Isabelle isn't home and I forgot my keys to the apartment at the office."

Josh, "Ae A Hi, P Please come in."

Katie, "I sorry to bother you I just wanted to make a call as my phone is out of battery."

Josh, "Come in have a seat. You can use my phone while I put yours on charge."

Katie, "Thank you so much. You're a nice guy."

Josh, "I'll Get you some thing to drink."

I got 2 beer cans and sat next to her while she was calling her sister.

Katie, "Damn, She's not picking up. May be I should try it again later or she might call back."

She took the beer and we started talking about our work, etc.

Josh, "Well it must be so boring working late. I can say without a doubt that being a video game tester is way better than working at some office desk."

Katie, "Hey don't let the glasses fool you. I'm pretty crazy. I have done a lot of crazy stuff right from Truth and dare, Beer pong and even Strip Poker."

Josh, "To bad I don't know how to play Poker."

Katie, "Really and what about the game on your television. Are you good at it?"

Josh, "Yeah I can say I'm pretty good at it."

Katie, "Have you seen the YouTube video 1 kill = 1 cloth?"

Josh, "Yes the guy plays video game and as soon as he kills someone his girlfriend takes an article of clothing off."

Katie, "Yes, Want to play it?"

I just looked at her face like a dumb kid.

Katie, "Haha You're cute. We can play it but we should change the rules a bit."

Josh, "Oh Okay."

Katie, "You'll get 3 chance. You have to kill atleast 5 people to get me naked. For every time you get killed you have to take spanking from me on your ass."

I agreed we were all set. I began with the first round. I bought a sniper rifel and chose an untitled location. Game started I was in a huge factory like building.

My team was inside the factory and other team was outside. There were 2 entrance to the factory. I quickly started moving to one door.

Hidding I saw other team in a group. I quickly gave one enemy an headshot and ran back to the Factory. Katie unbuttoned her blazer and dropped it at the side.

I waited at the gate for someone to enter. Soon 2 enemy soldiers entered and I killed them both. I moved my gaze from the T.V. screen to Katie.

She smiled and started unbuttoning her blouse. She was wearing a black bra. She dropped the blouse on the blazer and got up.

Then she unzipped her skirt at the side and her skirt dropped. She was standing there in a black bra and panties with her glasses and heels.

Suddenly I heard a gun shot. I turned to the screen but I was killed by one of the enemy soldier.

Katie, "Oh So sad, Time for some spanking."

I paused the game and got up Katie was sitting on the couch. She was looking like a sexy teacher about to punish her student.

Katie, "Ok Josh now strip to your boxers and bend over my thighs."

Josh, "What? Why should I strip?"

Katie, "I'm down to my underwear and it's fair that you strip to your boxers."

I didn't mind stripping in front of my crush. I was muscular and regularly worked out. I pulled my tshirt over my head and dropped my trousers.

Katie looked at my chest and smiled in a pleased manner. I walked to her and bent on her sexy muscular thighs. She placed her right hand on my back.

Suddenly with her left hand she pulled my boxers exposing my ass cheeks. I panicked.

Josh, "What are you doing?"

Katie, "Giving you a bare bottom spanking. Now keep quiet and don't move."

I could have said something but suddenly she touched my left ass cheek and I got turned on. I was really hard now.

She moved her hands softly on my ass cheeks and suddenly slapped my left ass cheek. I felt immense pleasure.

She continued petting my ass and spanking it after 5 slaps she stopped it was time for round 2. I pulled my boxers over my ass and got up.

My boxers had a huge bulge in the front due to my hard cock. She noticed it. I sat at her side and started with a new game.

This time I was determined to get her naked. With the beginning of a new round the count was back to 0 so I had to kill 5 soldiers to get her naked.

I used the same strategy and killed 3 soldiers then I gave 1 a Headshot and paused the game so that I could see her strip.

I thought she was remove her heels but she moved her hands to her black panties and pulled them to her ankles.

She moved her left leg over the right one so I could see nothing. I resumed the game and was ready to kill more soldiers.

I was out of the factory in the open battle field. I was about to shot a soldier when suddenly she moved her left hand to my boxers and grabbed my balls.

I killed a soldier but got killed myself. I quickly turned to her.

Josh, "What are you doing?"

Katie, "I'm trying to distract you."

She winked and started taking her bra off. She first moved her left hand and covered her nipples then dropped her bra.

I was speechless. I couldn't believe my crush was sitting on my couch completely naked.

Katie, "Alright Josh, Drop your boxers and get ready for some spanking."

I grabbed a cushion and covered my hardness. Turned and dropped my boxers.

Katie, "Wow that's a cute ass. let me give it a spanking."

I slowly turned and walked to her covering my cock with the cushion.

She opened her legs and made me bent over her thighs with my cock dangling between her thighs. Then she closed her thighs with my cock between her thighs.

Katie, "Wow that's a hot rod."

She started spanking my ass and with every slap on my ass I jerked with my cock between her thighs. It felt like I was purposely fucking her thighs.

After 4 Slaps I was at the edge. I knew if she slapped one more time I would shot my load on the floor.

She raised her hand and was about to slap suddenly her phone rang. It was Isabelle calling her. Her phone was back to life with some charging.

I got up covering my cock. She quickly walked to her phone. She wasn't covering herself anymore. I tried to cool down a bit.

I sat on the couch staring at her ass while she talked. She disconnected the call and turned to me.

Katie, "Isabelle is going to stay at her friends house. I told her not to worry about me. I guess we can play all night long."

I was looking at her completely naked. I still covered my erection with the cushion and nodded.

Round 3 began I didn't wanted to lose this time.

Josh, "So what if I win this round? Do you get a spanking from me?"

Katie, "No let's get the stakes higher. The loser has to streak naked on the street."

Game started I was completely focused. I easily kill upon 5 soldiers and had to just survive the round. She was trying to distract me.

She suddenly pulled the cushion off my thighs and my cock sprung up full 7 inches pointing at the ceiling. She gasped.

I didn't move. I survived the round and killed total 6 enemy soldiers. I was fully energised. I looked at her and smiled.

Katie, "Fuck I lost. It's almost 3AM atleast we won't find any one on the street."

I got dressed while she sat naked on the couch. I took my car keys and I also took a Balaclava with me.

Katie, "What is this for?"

Josh, "This is for you. You can wear it so that no one be able to see your face when you run naked on the street."

Katie, "Awww that's so sweat." she giggled.

She took her blazer and we got out of the apartment. The whole time I was looking at her strong muscular thighs as the blazer wasn't long enough.

We got in my car and drove to a silent street. I stopped the car and gave her the balaclava. She wore it over her head.

Her head was covered except 3 holes for her eyes and mouth. She took of the blazer. She was looking like a sexy thief about to rob a bank.

Katie, "I will run for 2 blocks till the end of the street where there is an ATM. You need to drive slowly besides me."

I nodded. She got out of the car and started streaking. She was finding it difficult to run in heels. I was driving next to her.

I took out my phone to record this moment. She was looking like a naked ninja just covered by the mask. Her boobs bouncing with every step.

She reaction half the distance and was about to reach the ATM. Suddenly I saw a guy who just got out of the ATM. He was looking at his wallet.

As soon as he looked up he stopped shocked at seeing a naked woman running towards him. I drove fast and stopped the car in front of the ATM.

He started looking at me confused. Katie just ran by his left side towards me and quickly got in the car.

She took her mask off and stuck her head out of the car window and gave the confused man a flying kiss and a wink. we drove off quickly.

I stopped my car few blocks away. I was extremely turned on by the whole event. Looking at Katie I could tell she was also aroused.

Katie looked at the bulge in my pants.

Katie, "Look's like your ready for a new game."

She moved her hands on my trousers and started pulling them down. Then she pulled my boxers to my ankles. My cock almost hit her glasses.

Katie, "Let's play a game. I'll give you 1 minute 30 seconds to control your climax while I use my tounge to lick just the tip of your cock head.

If you win I'll blow your brains with my blowjob skills. If you lose you have to streak naked with your cock bouncing at full attention."

I thought it's just 1 minute 30 seconds. I can do it. I can control myself. So I agreed. She moved her cold hands on my cock to hold it close to her mouth.

Then she started licking the tip of my cock head. It was a heavenly sensation surging through my body. I was desperate to cum.

I started doing mathematical calculations in my mind. 27+58, 35-64 To distract my mind so I could last longer.

She was moving her tongue occasionally around my cock head continuously maintaining the eye contact. I closed my eyes.

I was trying to imagine something that would turn me off. I was about to spray my load on her face.

Suddenly the timer I had set for 1.30 minutes rang and she stopped. I quickly held my cock at the base and the feeling of climax subsided.

Katie, "Damn I didn't think you'll last my tounge. Alright give me the balaclava."

She put it on and got on her knees out side the car. I opened the car gate turn to her. She grabbed my cock and started sucking it.

Sucking my cock with a balaclava I felt like she was straight out of some BDMS porn movie. I grabbed her head with my right hand.

My left hand was on the dashboard. Her head was bobbing furiously. I was feeling great. She held my cock base tightly so I could last long in her warm mouth.

She twirled her tongue all over my cock head. I asked her to remove the balaclava. She did and now I could see her beautiful face next to my cock.

She took my balls in her mouth with my cock resting on her glasses and forehead. She looked like a squirrel who had stuffed her mouth with nutts.

She again started sucking my cock looking straight into my eyes. She was rubbing her pussy with the other hand. Soon we were close.

She withdrew my cock from her mouth and started jerking it with her mouth open. My eyes rolled and I shot load after lload of my cum all over her face.

Cum landed on her face on her glasses and on her tongue. Now cum was dripping down her chin on her fat boobs. She finished herself with her fingers.

I looked up and saw the same guy who we saw near the ATM watch us from a distance. He gave me a Thumbs up and I waved at him.

She got in the car and we drove back to my apartment. She washed her face and we went to my bedroom. She was lying besides me naked.

I was looking at her face and we dosed off to sleep. It was a fun night and I knew there were more to come.

THE END.