Luna vs. Everyone
byViredae©

Luna vs. Everyone Ch. 01

It was the last day of the week, and I finally got home from a very exhausting day at school, lying back on my bed when I entered my room, feeling the fatigue leave my body; last weekend I'd been taken to my rival's farm as her slave, she'd won me after a recent running challenge.

My mind recalled the recent events of my loss on the track against my rival, and all the people who saw me losing my clothes and my dignity, just thinking about masturbating for them got my nipples hard and my clit swollen.

I heard my cellphone ringing, breaking out of my daydream I picked it up. I saw that it was my friend Emma; she was one of the few people who would still even talk to me, and that was simply because she enjoyed teasing me about how often I'm stripped and humiliated, I wasn't quite sure but I'd wager she had figured out that I was enjoying myself throughout these frequent humiliating events, I sighed and answered the phone.

She told me that there was a movie that she just had to watch, and had invited two more of my friends (or acquaintances, at this point).

I figured there'd be no harm in doing so I agreed to go out with them this evening, I calmed myself down and got to preparing.

When the time came, I decided to change my clothes and had gotten an idea, and that is to go to the movie theater without any underwear, not that I had that many pieces of underwear left, I'd been losing them left and right, and I certainly didn't have the budget to keep replacing them.

One thing you may not have known about me is that I love being embarrassed, humiliated and caught naked, even better when I was the only one naked, the rush and excitement I got from this was the best I ever felt, and it turned me on to no end.

My friends, enemies, and countless others seem to have figured this out quickly, and I predict that they'll use my very desires to humiliate me, whether out of sheer amusement or mere vindictiveness.

And so here I was, wearing a white tanktop and jean shorts, with socks and shoes, and of course, nothing else underneath, I felt so excited doing something so daring.

It came the time when Emma arrived in her car, with my "friends" Jessica and Laura, I sat in the back next to Laura, it was a pretty uneventful ride, for the most part.

When we finally entered the movie theater and sat down to watch the show, I noticed that the place was half empty, despite it being the weekend, maybe there just wasn't anything new and interesting this week.

A few minutes into the movie, I came to a shocking realization, the coldness of the theater had made my nipples harden again, and looking down at them, they seemed to be poking clearly into the thin material of my tank top, I had hoped my friends wouldn't notice this.

It was too late, of course.

As soon as they noticed, I heard Emma asking me if I was wearing a bra, I blushed and told her no, I wasn't.

The next question was whether it was on purpose, still blushing, I nodded my head, too embarrassed to speak, I wondered what kind of impression I gave off by doing this, but their condemnation would only turn me on further.

My friends giggled, which only made me more embarrassed, they eventually grabbed me and dragged me up to the last row in the theater.

When I so innocently asked why they did that, Emma answered that they wanted me to show them, and my heart skipped a beat; it was no longer just my rival taking advantage of me, now others felt it acceptable to humiliate me, and in public no less!

That isn't to say that I minded that much, naturally I was more than happy to oblige, but I put on a show of hesitation, as if I wasn't really excited about the prospect.

Thankfully, my hands were quite shaky from excitement as I grabbed the hem of my tank top and pulled it up, freeing my C cup boobs and exposing them to the cold air, I swallowed as I looked back at the three girls staring at me, their eyes wide but still carrying a hint of sadistic enjoyment.

Emma told me to take the top off completely, and I did as told, handing it over to Emma, I felt so embarrassed sitting in a movie theater topless, my nipples were hard as diamoinds just from me sitting there, virtually hidden from the rest of the theater. 

Next they made me take my shoes and socks off, which felt weird against the floor of the theater, it didn't really make much of a difference to my exposure, however the anticipation of what I knew was coming next still made it exciting.

They asked if I was wearing any panties, and I told them the truth, and they asked me to show them, well, more like demanded, I felt at their complete mercy at this point, and I was quickly approaching a level of exposure I had never experienced before.

I unbuttoned my shorts and slid them off my hips while still sitting down, exposing my trimmed and engorged pussy to the three, and as soon as the shorts hit the ground, Emma took them as well.

It only hit me that I was sitting completely naked in a movie theater after a minute or so, thinking that if anyone decided to look back, they would see me here without a stitch of clothing on and quite aroused, I was practically leaking juices on the seat that was now damp with both my sweat and my pussy's excess wetness.

Not content to just have me naked, my friends started teasing me and touching me, pinching my nipples, kissing and licking them, tickling the insides of my thighs, and of course rubbing and fingering my wet pussy.

This was incredible, I was sitting in a movie theater stark naked with my friends openly fondling my body without regard of my own wishes, and I was loving it!

I felt myself approaching climax, and made the mistake of telling my friends that I was about to cum, which only made them stop and retract their hands.

When I asked them why, they told me that they wanted me to finish myself off, and that only heightened my already peaking arousal, I almost creamed my seat right there!

I, of course, was beyond refusing anything they asked me to do, my fingers reaching down to my shaved pussy mound and plunging deep into my wet folds, my other hand pinched my nipples as I bit my lips, trying to keep myself from moaning as I masturbated, my friends laughing and giggling at my open act of lewdness.

I was quite horny at that point, but it felt scary to sit there and finger my wet pussy in such a public place, it was so exciting to sit there pumping my fingers in and out of my sopping wet hole, but for some reason, it took me a while to finish myself off, but eventually my fingering finally brought me to a climax.

When I was done, they teased that they had gotten two shows for the price of one, which didn't help my embarrassment.

I continued watching the movie with my friends and eating snacks, nothing unusual outside of me being naked and sitting in a puddle of of my own sticky juices, of course, but I was faced with a problem when I had finished drinking my soda.

I had to pee.

I told Emma and begged her to give me my clothes back, but she refused, I asked her what I was supposed to do.

She told me that I could always pee in the soda cup I had, but I couldn't bring myself to do it, even I had my limits, though my friends certainly seemed to find it funny, so she told me that the only other option left is to streak my way to the bathroom. 

Looking around to my friends, hoping anyone would take pity on me and help me, Emma finally agreed to escort me to the bathroom, she even let me wear my shoes again.

Thankfully, we didn't run into anyone on the way, but the minute I stepped into the bathroom, I was dismayed to see my hated rival Kim there.

Kim laughed when she saw me naked, teasing me and even trying to poke my belly, seeing how clearly distressed and in need of a bathroom I was, I managed to avoid her long enough to get in a stall and relieve my bladder.

What I didn't know is that Kim was conspiring with Emma while I peed, she told Emma that she knew someone who worked at the snacks stand, and how she wanted me to buy something there.

Of course, as soon as I came out of the stall, Emma handed me $20 and told me to buy some soda and popcorn, I was scared, but the excitement of doing it pushed me to do so anyways, all while Emma and Kim laughed as they watched my ass bounce as I left.

There really weren't that many people there, and none of them seemed to mind seeing me naked that much; they were mostly teenagers my age and young adults, none of which even so much as frowned as I walked up and stood in line to the concession stand.

In fact, the many eyes here seemed to be glued to my body, I could almost feel the people molesting me with their eyes, devouring every inch of my body, it sent shivers down my spine to think of so many strangers watching me stand right there completely naked.

And so I eventually made it to Kim's friend, a young redheaded girl with a wiry frame who laughed at my exposure and clear discomfort (unbeknownst to her it was actually arousal) and even offered me another soda for free with the popcorn, although she faked stumbling and pressing the ice cold cup into my nipple.

I apparently moaned at the touch of the cup, drawing a few sniggers from the crowd around me, but I got the snacks and hurriedly pushed my way through the hands that "accidentally" came in touch with various parts of my body.

I ran back to the movie theater with the popcorn and soda as flimsy cover for my nudity, I don't know if I drew any attention as I ran up the aisle; it was dark and it seemed that the people there were focused on the movie.

As soon as I sat with my friends, they took the snacks away and told me that I shouldn't drink any more, so I wouldn't have to go to the bathroom again.

Of course, armed with their cold cups of soda, they pulled the exact same trick Kim's friend did back at the stand, passing the soda around to rub against my nipples, which had me aroused again by the time the movie had ended, I of course didn't get to masturbate again, so I was left pretty horny as we left the theater, now being seen by everyone who may have been completely unaware of my situation as I ran up and down the aisle.

As we walked out of the movie theater, we saw Kim there waiting for us, she had a camera in her hands just to make sure she caught my humiliating exit, I even forgot one very important detail in the commotion of people's comments, whispering and pointing, they didn't bring my clothes along.

walking me back to her car, all while still naked of course, Emma took me back to her house, where I found out that she had planned a gathering there, it seemed that the sole purpose and motivation of this entire outing was to strip me and bring me to the guests to enjoy my nudity, by my count I was the only one naked between fifty people or so!

Emma told me that I was going to be serving them naked for the rest of the night, but she had one problem.

She told me that she didn't want me to serve them half-heartedly, since I was so obviously horny and frustrated, so she made me masturbate for her guests to orgasm, and so I found myself sitting on the couch, legs spread open, flicking my clit and fingering my wet pussy for everyone in the party who circled around me, making sure to record my humiliation with pictures and videos, the attention as well as the lack of need to restrain myself meant that I was reaching my climax quite quickly compared to the time at the theater, I guess being watched by so many people did make me even hornier.

And so I bucked my hips against my hand, moaning loudly and crying out in sexual pleasure as I orgasmed for the attentive crowd and their cameras, this time in clear and bright lighting, on the couch of my smug friend who watched me humiliate myself for her guests' pleasure.

Soon after, I began my role as a naked servant for the rest of the night, serving food and drinks to the guests, who took large liberties with my body as I walked past them, I was quite horny by the time the party wound down.

She drove me home later, and I managed to successfully avoid my parents and go into my room, I was so tired, so I lay back in my bed naked, masturbating to multiple orgasms as I recounted my humiliating experience to myself until I passed out from exhaustion.


Luna vs. Everyone Ch. 02 – Luna plays video games 

After my swim I felt something in me. Like I love being naked and defeated and at the mercy of my rival. I wanted it to happen again and again. 

After the swim at my school other students giggled at me hearing the rumors about the swim and how I accidentally lost my bikini and was forced to bow to her naked. It did not take her long to challenge me again. This time it was basketball in her backyard. She had a fenced in backyard with a pool and a basketball court since her parents both had good jobs. Luckily the fence gave us privacy. 

We both agreed to meet during the weekend. A heatwave came in making the temperature around 80 degrees but very sunny. Before I left I decided against wearing sun screen and headed to her house. When I left I wore a t-shirt, shorts, sports bra, panties, socks, and shoes. When I got to her house she wore basically the same outfit only a bit fancier and she brought about 10 of her friends. 

"So before I begin kicking your butt maybe we can add some stakes to this game." She suggested.

"Okay, what is it?" I asked almost knowing what it was.

"Strip basketball. Every time someone scores the other strips." She said.

"Until one is naked?" I asked.

"No, we play for one hour with some breaks. I can not wait to get you naked again and bowing to me again." 

She said grinning at me. My heart raced. I was hoping to beat her but now I was not sure. 

One of her friend's tossed the ball up as we both tried to grab it. Kim grabbed it first and raced around me and shot but missed. I tried to grab the rebound but she was quicker and shot it in.

"Me 1 you 0. Strip off those shoes" Kim taunted as I tosses my shoes. The pavement was hot even through my socks. I took the ball and tried to get past her but she shoved me and took the ball and scored again. "Socks off Luna. Let's get those feet out." Kim said as I was now barefoot and can barely run with the pavement so hot. 

I got the ball again but same result occurred; she stole it back from me and scored her second point. This time she had me remove my shirt exposed my bra. We took a break while she took a drink of cold water and reapplied sunscreen. I was extremely aware of the eyes of her friends as got the ball. 

We played again, I could barely get through her defense, but I finally managed to make a shot, unfortunately I missed and she grabbed the rebound and made it easily.

"Off with your shorts. Down to your underwear now." Kim taunted me as I removed my shorts leaving me in bra and panties. The result was the same again as she easily stole the ball away from me and scored on me once again. 

"Remove the bra." Kim said as I peeled the bra off and stood before her topless. 

I could feel my nipples harden in the cool breeze, the sound of lewd comments came from the audience, pointing out my clear arousal and suggesting that I was probably losing on purpose, I was not, but I took their comments in and savored them.

I got the ball and tried to get past her but there was no getting around her, she took the ball and scored yet again as everyone cheered while I removed my last article of clothing, already wet with a spot of my own moisture, there was no denying I was enjoying my humiliation.

"Once again you are naked before me while I am fully clothed." Kim taunted as I covered my nudity. "We still have 45 minutes of game left" she added. The rest of the game was one sided. I never scored as she kept hitting basket after basket. The final score 42-0. I fell to my knees exhausted and naked as she stood above me clothed and superior. To make matters worse I was sunburned from head to toe. My rival grinned and had me stand as she checked me out while her friends put a chair down for her to sit in.

"Lay on my lap" she said as I obeyed. I felt a sharp pain on my ass. She was spanking me. 20 on each cheek, smack after smack, I tried to bite my tongue, but eventually I could hear myself whimper with every sharp delivery to my sensitive cheeks, Kim even used her finger when she was done to caress my soaking wet pussy, all to the cheers and laughter of the watching audience. 

Finally she had me stand up: "Now, my naked prisoner, you can go home." She said as she gave me my t-shirt and shorts "Your shoes, socks, and underwear are mine" she taunted as her friends pushed me out and I had to run back home. 

For the next three days I stayed naked in my room healing from the sunburn, I could barely touch any part of my skin without feeling the sting of the sunburn, but even then, I couldn't keep my hands to myself as I thought back to that humiliating experience, I loved every minute of that defeat and I wanted more.


Luna vs. Everyone Ch. 03

I was back at the beach that Kim stripped me a week ago with my friends, two guys and one girl, even though we were at the beach, I had worn a t-shirt over my bikini to protect from the sun.

I wasn't sure if the they knew about Kim bringing me here last week, if they did they certainly didn't tell me, but it really didn't matter, at this point, nobody wanted to hang out with me unless they were planning on toying with me.

Another thing that aroused my suspicions (among other things) was my girl friend Charlotte telling me that this beach was clothing optional out of the blue, which explained so much about last week's adventure.

For one, the guard wasn't checking on me last time because I was naked, but because I was clearly embarrassed to be so and hurrying to leave, it also explains why even after getting stripped at first, nobody bothered to alert the lifeguards since it barely got sexual before actually ending.

While there we saw some people playing beach volleyball, I caught my girl friend whispering to the two guys, and I was sure one of them stole a glance my way, she began to tell the two guys all about how I would constantly get stripped naked, and the two even joined in to detail my humiliating stories.

"So how about a challenge, Luna? Or are you scared?" Charlotte was goading me into a challenge, and I tried my best to seem unreceptive, but I'm sure they all knew what my answer would be.

"What do you suggest?" I asked about the nature of the challenge.

"Simple, we play beach volleyball, you need another player with you, faor every point your team loses, you lose one piece of clothing, oh and this only applies to the two of us, our partners can remain clothed." Charlotte explained, and I (or at least I tried to act to) reluctantly accept.

Aside from the shirt I had on, I also wore some flip-flops, which made a total of four pieces, Charlotte also had footwear on alongside a sash that was tied on her waist.

we began the game, one guy and one girl on each team, and I assumed that since my friend knew of my love of being stripped, he deliberately missed his shots, or didn't bother to hit any throughout the entire game, which made it seem more like a 2 on 1 game than anything, I did manage to win the first point, which had Charlotte remove her footwear, but it was downhill from there, as I lost the next point, I removed my flip-flops and almost immediately lost my advantage.

That wasn't the end of it, as my friend left a ball coming towards his side, I had to race just to try and catch it, but I failed, which meant that I had to remove my shirt.

My failure continued as Charlotte scored the next point, and I had to remove my bikini top in public!

I was standing there exposing my breasts to the entire beach, and I was loving every second of it, people were beginning to gather around to watch me play topless.

My excitement might have interfered with my playing, as I lost the next point in record time, I lost my bottoms, taking them off and leaving myself naked in front of everyone to see, it felt wonderful, now everyone was cheering my humiliation on, and the crowd had gotten much bigger.

Charlotte came over to my side of the net to gloat, she grinned and tweaked my nipples cruelly, the other two laughing as I let out a pleasure mixed yelp of pain.

"Once again Luna, you stand here naked and humiliated, are you experiencing a sense of déjà vu?" So she knew about my outing with Kim after all, I wonder if she heard it from someone who'd been there or if it was from Kim herself, For that matter, was one of the two boys part of the audience that day? I was certainly out of it too much to notice any familiar faces, but the idea made me tingle.

Charlotte wasn't done yet though: 

"I'll give you a chance, we play again, and I have four forfeits planned for you, one for each point you lose, if you manage to get me naked me before then, I will be yours for the rest of the day, but if you lose, your body belongs to the three of us, and to help you out, I'll even take this sash off."

And so Charlotte did a sort of sexy sway as she took off her sash, taunting me by giving my team a handicap.

Suffice to say, I didn't manage to win one point, no thanks to my team-mate, and I had to perform all four forfeits before I became my friends' slave.

The first forfeit was a spanking, Charlotte had me bend over and grab onto the volleyball net as she delivered 50 swats to my behind, she also forced me to sound off the number of the smack, and to add in "thank you, may I have another." to it after each one.

"Fifty! Thank you, may I have another." I sounded off, quite enjoying my humiliating punishment but trying desperately not to show it.

"No Luna, I'm done indulging your perverted spanking fetish." Charlotte replied snidely, and the crowd laughed at me for appearing to enjoy the punishment.

My second forfeit was to pose in different ways, exposing my privates and describing them to the audience, who were encouraged to photograph and video my humiliation, as well as make many embarrassing statements, such as:

"My name is Luna, and I'm a pathetic loser who can't help but be humiliated and enslaved by my own friends." I said as I bent over, spreading my pussy lips wide open and presenting to the camera.

"I love to be stripped in front of everyone, and it gets me so horny and wet." This one came as I squatted with my legs wide open, supporting myself on one hand while still keeping my lips spread, I was told to stay on my toes as to thrust my pelvis outwards.

"I'm a perverted slut who wants to masturbate for everyone's pleasure, please make sure to make a video of me." The last one was while I was laying down, legs spread wide open as I pretended to masturbate, at least that was what they asked of me, little did they know that I was already rubbing my clit, though I couldn't bring myself to orgasm without them knowing.

There it was; I was essentially committing social suicide on a public beach, it didn't matter if I was forced to say it (only technically) or if I was lying (I wasn't really), the recordings would show it and it would be the end of my dignity. Thankfully this place was a bit further away from my neighborhood, but I was sure the word would get back about my return and public admission of lewdness.

And that admission paved the way for my third forfeit as I lied down, to masturbate for everyone, this time for real, and I complied immediately, I began to play with my breasts and pussy for everyone, who followed my advice and started photographing and videotaping me, dozens of phones and cameras in anticipation of my great orgasm.

I couldn't believe it, I went from a simple nude embarrassment in a small poolside meeting to a very public, very exposed full blown humiliation on a crowded beach in the matter of a few months, realizing it was the biggest turn on of my life as I moaned loudly for everyone as I came, hard and strong, in front of so many strangers.

The fourth forfeit came after a brief bit of respite, where everyone seemed stunned as they watched my heaving bosom, and it was for me to serve everyone any drinks or snacks they wanted to buy from the beach stands, Charlotte also made sure to tell everyone that they were welcome to grope and finger me as much as they wanted, something everyone seemed keen on doing, including the boys who came with me, as they made sure to stop me halfway through the punishment just to give me another orgasm, something that made Charlotte punish me with another spanking once again, saying that I was dawdling in performing my duties.

After a few hours (and several orgasms at the hands of strangers) that left me quite emotionally and physically drained, Charlotte concluded that I have fulfilled the final forfeit, officially making me their slave.

She took me to her home alongside our two friends, where they spent the day enjoying themselves, all while I did her chores completely naked, and occasionally was used as enjoyment by them in the same vein that I was used earlier in the day.

In the evening, our friends decided it was time to leave, and so I needed to kiss the two boys goodbye, I gave both of them a long kiss on the mouth, oddly enough, this was the first time I'd been forced to kiss someone, so it felt kind of odd.

After I'd finished kissing the second boy, Charlotte told me that this wasn't what she meant, she told me to get on my knees and I did, watching the boys unzip their pants and present their hard cocks to me, I wondered why I was getting wet again just from this.

I went to work on the boys' shafts, my lips and tongue winding all over their hard cocks as my head bobbed back and forth, bringing each of them to orgasm (which didn't take long, it seems they were just as turned on by the events as I was), the seeds of which they chose to release on my face and chest, I was quite a mess by the end of it.

Charlotte gave me my shirt back, but only to wipe myself clean with it, I was instructed to return it immediately before getting summarily kicked out the door completely naked and spent.

I remembered that I left the rest of my clothes on the beach, which meant that this was another set of clothes lost.

I wanted to hurry back home, I was still not satisfied by today.
