Hi this is lucky and I am going to tell you my American friend's story. Julieanne awoke from a night of pleasant dreams and gently turned off her alarm clock. Why, it was only five o'clock in the morning! Julieanne smiled as she quickly remembered why this morning was doubly special. Besides being her 18th birthday, it was national nude day! Julieanne and her boyfriend brad had planned their secret mission for weeks. At the crack of dawn, she would carefully sneak out of her house, walk about a quarter mile to a nearby park, and strip completely naked! There, on a gentle bed brad would take her for the first time.

Julieanne's loins tingled as she slipped out of bed. In the half light of dawn she chose her ensemble carefully. Matching powder blue bra and panties (brad's favorite color), delicate flowered long dress and blue earrings. After julieanne had applied some tresar perfume to her neck and breasts, it was time to make her move.

Opening the door of her bedroom extremely carefully, julieanne stepped into the hallway and made her way to the staircase leading to the first level. She passed the large cuckoo clock in the stairwell without incident, and breathing as infrequently as possible, turned the knob of the front door. The massive wooden behemoth creaked a little, but julieanne was reasonably certain no one heard it. She closed the door gingerly and quickly made her way to brownstone park.

Actually, brownstone park was little more than a clearing at the end of a dead end street. However, it was just private enough for what julieanne intended to do. There were high privet hedges on three sides of an irregular square, while an eight foot wooden fence made up the fourth side. Julieanne had smuggled in some deck furniture from her grandparents' house, two gaudy green chairs and a surprisingly comfortable sofa bed. It was her favorite place to make out, but so far brad had been a little sheepish about going below the waist. Julieanne smiled to herself wickedly. That was going to change very soon!

Julieanne opened the rickety gate to the park, enjoying the clean scent of pine trees and morning dew. She managed to slip in without anyone seeing her. Brad was going to arrive any minute, there was not a moment to lose! Julieanne was very proud of herself. She had been very worried that her twin brother, Jeff would hear her leave and ruin everything she and brad had planned. Although school was out for the year, Jeff was very gossipy and would tell all their mutual friends about her sexual adventures. It was just too chancy and besides, all Jeff cared about anyway was his dumb computer games. Julieanne stood in front of the brilliant yellow sofa bed, and looked carefully at every little hole in the privet hedge, wondering if brad was watching her.... Bbbbbrrrriiiiiiiinnnnnnngggggggggggggggggggggg!!!

The harsh discordant alarm clock woke Jeff from a night of erotic dreams. It was only five o'clock in the morning and he usually slept late during the summer. However, when he was looking through his twin sister's panty drawer just the night before when no one was home, he accidentally knocked her alarm clock off the dresser. Jeff was very surprised to see julieanne had set the alarm for five o'clock the next morning. She never got up that early, something was definitely fishy and Jeff was determined to find out what his twin was up to. So, he reluctantly set his own alarm clock for the same time, hoping he would be able to function that early in the morning.

In his groggy state, Jeff could hear some rustling from Julianne's room which was right next door. He quickly pulled on a t-shirt and some ratty jean shorts, then slipped into white ankle socks and sneakers. Jeff heard Julianne's door open and after a time, the front door creak. He had to act fast! Jeff cautiously looked out into the upstairs hallway. No one appeared to be stirring, so he stealth fully maneuvered his way down the steep stairs, passed the foreboding cuckoo clock, and skillfully eased his way out of the front door. He could see julieanne walking swiftly in the distance. Jeff carefully kept far enough away so that julieanne couldn't see him, yet he still could follow her general direction. When julieanne reached brownstone park, Jeff carefully snuck up behind the side of the privet hedge that was least visible from the street. From a very small hole that was scarcely larger than the human eye, he could see and hear everything inside the privet square perfectly!

Julieanne was radiant. As a pair of chipping sparrows watched and a ruby throated hummingbird pollinated a scarlet salvia, the five foot seven inch 130 pound girl unbuttoned her long dress agonizingly slowly. The garment was very low cut, so in a matter of seconds her powder blue bra was revealed. Enjoying her new found bliss, julieanne rubbed her breasts through the sheer material, feeling her nipples harden and her pussy leak with moisture. She closed her eyes tightly as she took in the sounds of the gentle summer morning. From a nearby tree, a chickadee chirped his melancholy phoe-be incessantly while a distant chorus of crickets wound down for the day. Gradually her dress fell to the ground on its own accord. Julieanne's long brown hair blew in the wind as she worked her fingers down her chest toward her aching love box. When she reached her panties, she gradually lowered them until her slightly hairy bush was completely visible. Then she cried out in a sudden blissful squeak as one finger probed her throbbing gash. Julieanne frigged herself for two tantalizing minutes, kicking off her panties in the process and throwing her bra off in a mindless glee.

From behind his hiding place, Jeff could hardly believe what he was seeing! He had always had a mild crush on his beautiful sister which had gotten much worse in the last year. Being a twin, he had a special empathy with julieanne, delighting in her good moments and sympathetic to her inevitable bad days. Unfortunately, Jeff went into a deep funk when julieanne met brad. He had buried himself in his computer games to try to forget her, but it hadn't worked. Jeff was as horny as ever, and as he took in the erotic scene in front of him, lowered his shorts and stepped out of them. Without looking down, Jeff worked his rock hard seven inches through the fly of his striped boxers. He pulled his pud like it was going out of style as Julianne's magnificent tits were revealed and had to hold back when she started frigging herself. His own twin sister...masturbating!! It was just too much for Jeff and he tried slowing down his frantic hands to hold back the impending explosion.

In the corner of his eye, Jeff detected some motion at the gate. He almost popped a gasket when brad, clad only in shorts and a t-shirt walked slowly toward julieanne. She opened her eyes in complete ecstasy, fingering herself slowly as her six foot 190 pound boyfriend dropped his shorts and plaid boxers and quickly tossed off his t-shirt. His eight inch cock stood straight out like a flagpole, causing julieanne to nearly faint with lust. She forced herself to sit up to take in the handsome sight before her. Brad was circumcised, and his dick had a perfect little mushroom head. Julieanne stuck out her tongue and made contact with brad's hefty balls. He immediately let out a high pitched groan as julieanne explored every nook and cranny of his ample ball sacks with her long probing tongue. Then, she lowered her mouth on brad's prick head. He sighed as his girlfriend started to play a virtuosic skin flute, wiggling her tongue and shoving her mouth down in deeper and deeper thrusts. Brad moaned and grunted in such bliss he almost lost consciousness at one point.

Suddenly, julieanne took her mouth off brad's stiff rod. The two lovers stared at each other knowingly, ready for the next inexorable step. Julieanne lay back on the bed and smiled lovingly at brad as he gently got on top of her.

From his hiding place, Jeff once more started to masturbate furiously. His sister was going to lose her cherry! Julieanne let out a loud groan of half pain/half pleasure as brad slowly broke through the diaphanous membrane that secured her virginity. At the same time, Jeff moaned in sudden empathy, fearful for his sister yet happy at the same time. Then, his eyes popped as the two lovers came together as one. Brad made love to julieanne in short, gentle strokes, moaning with her in unison as the two joy filled individuals savored their first sexual experience. They were so much in their own world, the entire neighborhood could have walked through the gate without being noticed. Brad thrust his hard prick in Julianne's wet hole deeper and deeper and she began to wail in lust. Jeff was jacking himself off so rapidly his right hand was merely a blur. With his left hand, he slowly went down the back of his boxers and inserted two fingers in his tight butt. The sensations were so incredible his balls started to churn with cream. At the same time, brad and julieanne reached their orgasms simultaneously.

"ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"

Julieanne's scream of ecstasy could be heard for a good city block.

"gaaaawwwwwwwwwwwdddddddddddddddddddddddddd"

Brad bellowed as he shot off inside julieanne a good eight times.

"fffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkk"

Jeff grunted loudly as his cock started spewing cum all over the place. The cumulative effect of the three orgasms was so disruptive that for one brief second, a nearby chipping sparrow stopped feeding its young and a ruby throated hummingbird flew backwards in confusion! Bbbbbbrrrrrriiiiinnnnnnnnnnnggggggggggggggggg!!

The obnoxious alarm clock abruptly woke Jeff up from one of his best erotic dreams. Usually he couldn't remember his dreams at all, but this time distinctly recalled that julieanne was present. Wow, he was having wet dreams about his sister! Jeff looked down at his striped boxers which were tented into oblivion with his rock hard prick. He smiled as he remembered why he was getting up at five o'clock in the morning. Not only was it Jeff's birthday, it was also national nude day! Jeff and three of his buds planned to celebrate by going to brownstone park at the crack of dawn and then strip completely naked, no matter who walked by! He was so excited about the upcoming day, he didn't notice the pair of beady eyes that followed him down the staircase, pass the silent cuckoo clock, and toward the massive wooden door. He also didn't see the shadowy figure that stood in the doorway as he walked swiftly to the park, smiling wickedly.

