Bad Luck Over the Summer
by Jappio

Part 1 

Suzie hung up the phone, having finished ordering some room service.  It would be awhile until it was done though.  She sat down on her bed, kicking her feet, thinking of what to do next. 

She had saved up some money so she could go somewhere fun for the weekend.  It being summer break between colleges classes meant it was time for relaxation.  Just her luck though, it was storming out that night, meaning she had to stay indoors.  She had dressed down to some shorts and a tank top and was ready to relax the day away.  The clothing was old, but she thought they were comfortable and good nightwear.  She also had socks on to keep her feet warm. 

Suzie noticed that she was low on ice, and figured she might as well fill it up.  She got up and grabbed the bucket and headed out the door. 

Suzie didn't mind too much that she was walking through the hall in her night clothes.  She wouldn't have hit the town like that, but she figured it was Ok since it was just a hotel and not many people were around.  She did giggle a little at the trough of being out in the hall with only socks on her feet though. 

When she got to the ice machine down the hall though, she saw the 'out of service' sign on it.  She sighed and mumbled, "Just my luck." 

She wasn't about to give up of course.  She figured if she went a floor up she could find a working machine.  She entered the nearest stairwell, and headed up a floor.  She exited it, and she soon found herself another ice machine, a working one this time. 

Humming to herself, she made her way back to the stairwell, happy to have completed her mission.  She had both hands on her bucket of ice, so she turned her back to the door and proceeded to push it open with her rear end to get back into the stairwell.  Suzie didn't notice though a loose screw on the door and it had snaked its way into a gap in the seam on her shorts. 

As she pushed her way through the doorway and began to turn and walk away from the door, Suzie felt a tug at her shorts.  It didn't register what was going on, she just felt resistance.  She naturally just tried to pull away from it, but since the heavy door wasn't about to sway with her, her shorts were quickly torn down their entire seam! 

In a moment Suzie was left in just her tank top and bright red panties. She had enough foresight to keep her screech quiet as she crouched as if to hide.  She looked down and saw just how bare her legs were now with only her panties and socks below her waist. 

Suzie held the ice bucket in front of the front of her panties as she slowly stood straight up.  She looked around and was thankful that she was alone. 

Suzie wasn't too surprised something like this would happen; it was typical of her luck to land her in situations like this.  She felt she was lucky enough though that she was still relatively dressed and her room wasn't far.  She hadn't seen anyone on the way to the ice machine, and hopefully wouldn't on the way back. 

Suzie quickly walked down the stairs, not planning to show her panties off to anyone.  She could see and feel her legs were completely bare, and the cold stair well reminded her of that as she head down to her floor. 

She stood in front of the door leading to her hallway, and she set the ice bucket down.  She tried tugging at her tank top, but the tight material couldn't be stretched nearly far enough to cover anything.  With her shorts gone, she regretted not having a bra on either.  Even though the shorts were really only a small bit of fabric, and she was showing only a few extra inches of skin, she felt almost naked. 

She took a deep breath and opened the door.  She took a long look down the hall.  She didn't see any other guests, so she picked up her ice bucket and left the stairwell.  Now as she passed door after door, she knew she wouldn't be able to hide and anyone could walk out and discover her. 

She tried to not stare at the doors and think about anyone catching her. Too many times in her life she had been seen undressed, and although no one at the hotel would know her, she hardly wanted to be the subject of anyone's' "what happened over summer vacation" stories. 

Suzie was lucky to get to her room undetected.  She set her ice down and quickly tried to get into her room.  Yet as she pulled at her door handle, nothing happened.  She tried and tried again, but the door refused to open. It didn't hit her right away, but she realized that it of course wouldn't open, she didn't have a key! 

She didn't know why, but she somehow forgot her key.  She had managed to lock herself out of her room, and with her awful luck, she wound up without her shorts on top of it. 

She stood, trying to quickly think of something, anything to do.  She didn't want to admit it in the end, but it seemed like she was out of options.  She would have to somehow make it down to the front desk and get a new key for her room. 

She felt vulnerable standing in the middle of the hall though, so she made a dash back for the stairwell to try and think it over again.  She hated the fact she had to run away from her room, panties out on show, but she reasoned it would be safer in the stairwell. 

As she got close to the door to the stairwell, Suzie's heart nearly burst from her chest.  She heard the elevator's chime and heard what sounded like its doors opening.  No more than a few feet away, someone was going to get out of the elevator, and see her.  She would have normally taken the time to check the stair well, but panic set in and she just opened the door and rushed in. 

On the other side, Suzie was lucky to be alone.  She let the door close and she took a few steps down the stairs and sat down. 

She rubbed her hands up and down her legs.  She couldn't believe something like this was happening to her again.  She couldn't imagine a situation where she could get out of this without being seen. 

She tried remembering the lobby.  She thought about ways to sneak up to the counter, but she wouldn't be able to hide from anyone on her side of the counter.  She stood and felt out the back of her panties.  She knew anyone would be able to see her pantied butt if she did this.  Yet there were no other options she concluded. 

She gathered up all the courage she could, and began her descent down the stairs.  She had an agonizing five flights to think about what she was about to do.  She told herself to not stop though, that she had to get it over with.  She spent the last flight telling herself to not even stop at the door, to just walk out of it and enter the lobby and get up to the counter as fast as she could. 

Her resolve wasn't nearly strong enough though, and as she opened the door and felt the air from the room flow through the doorway and across her bare skin, she let go of the door and quickly scurried away from it.  She tried to collect herself, waiting wasn't going to help she convinced herself. 

On her second attempt, Suzie didn't run away.  She made it out the door and was in a small alcove attached to the lobby.  Two elevators sat on each side of her, and around the corner she knew was the front desk.  She could hug the wall and hope the counter was high enough to hide her panties, but she knew that the front doors and the entire lobby would have view of her. This also depended on there being no one at the desk too.  She didn't want to risk peeking around any corners either, that way she didn't raise suspicion. 

"Maybe if anyone sees, they'll just think it's a swimsuit," she consoled herself.  She subconsciously adjusted her panties, to make sure they were at least well adjusted. 

Before someone could come across her standing in the elevator alcove, Suzie began to walk out, right into the lobby. 

The lobby was very well lit; in no way would anything be hidden by shadows.  Suzie turned right away so not to walk into the middle of the room at least.  She sighed in relief seeing no one standing in the lobby. She also was happy to see the counter was indeed high enough to hide her lower half. 

"How may I help?" the girl behind the counter asked Suzie as she walked up.  Suzie didn't know what to say, she wasn't quite prepared to actually talk to anyone. 

"Oh, um...  I was uh locked out of my room!" she said as she looked around.  She knew she was looking suspicious, but at any time someone could enter the room and see her. 

"Ok, do you have you ID on hand?" The lady asked.  Suzie almost wanted to comment on her lack of pockets to put anything in, but she wasn't about to flash her panties to the desk lady. 

"I um don't..." she meekly said. 

"Oh well you can probably guess I can't just give you a key to a room with nothing to prove who you are," The desk lady explained.  Suzie wasn't sure what she was doing, but out of the corner of her eye she saw someone walking into the room.  It was two girls just a year or two younger than her probably.  Both stopped and looked Suzie up and down.  Before they could even react, Suzie looked back at the desk lady, not wanting to know what they thought. 

"Please, I need to get back in my room.  Isn't there something I can do to prove it?  Like the card I used to pay for the room ends in 1234, and I've been here only two days now, and I just ordered some room service!" Suzie said in panic, wanting to get out of there. 

The lady at the desk started to type on her keyboard some.  "Ok, I suppose that will do.  Just give me a moment." Suzie was left waiting there as the desk lady did some more work on the computer.  Suzie dared to look behind her.  The two girls were gone, but a man in a business suit was doing a double take as he came through the door. 

Suzie quickly turned away from him, not wanting to make eye contact. She began to blush, knowing her red panties weren't hidden from that man's view.  She subconsciously raised her right foot and rubbed it against the back of her left calf.  The soft cotton of her socks reminded her how bare her skin was.  "Hurry up, hurry up," she pleaded in her mind. 

"Ok, so long as you're ok with the slight charge we'll add to your room's bill, you'll be all set," the desk lady explained as she handed the key out.  Suzie quickly grabbed it. 

"Thank you!" Suzie said as she immediately headed back for the stairs. She made the mistake of looking to her side to see that the man in the suit was still watching her.  She almost screamed as she picked up her pace. 

Suzie was about to turn and enter the alcove to get to the stairs, but when she saw a group of people getting off the elevators, she wasn't about to stay.  She panicked and didn't think to turn back.  She went for the first cover she could see, and that was the hallway that was in front of her.  She walked past the elevator alcove and was now in a hallway. 

Suzie wanted to stop and wait, but she wasn't sure if the people would follow her.  She looked down the hall to try and find a solution, and that's when she got an idea. 

The door to the hotel's indoor pool was not far from her.  She did before hope that her panties looked like a swimsuit.  She could hide in there and get a towel or something and then be able to sneak to her room more safely. 

Suzie made her dash for the room.  She opened the door and was just about ready to relax, but she saw that someone was actually in the pool already. 

The man swimming turned his attention to Suzie.  He must have not thought anything was up, because he went back to concentrating on his swimming. 

Suzie hadn't convinced herself well enough her panties could pass as swimsuit bottoms.  She knew too well she was standing in front of this man in her underwear.  She also didn't want to just grab a towel and leave; he would know something was up.  A normal person she thought would probably be at the pool in a swimsuit to swim.  She looked at the water in front of her. 

"Don't worry, water's not too cold," the man said, trying to welcome Suzie into the pool.  He could tell something was making her hesitant, but he didn't know the real reason. 

Suzie was thinking of jumping in, but she still had her tank top on. She cursed herself for not having a bra, then it would be more believable she had a bikini on.  It would be silly to jump in with her tank top on. 

Suzie didn't see much choice though.  She had to pretend she was there just for a regular swim, that she wasn't running around the hotel in her underwear.  She took a deep breath and walked over to the pool edge.  She sat down and let her feet soak.  The water wasn't freezing, but it was colder than she thought.  She knew though she looked stupid sitting there like that so she scooted forward off the edge and into the water. 

That area of the pool was deep enough to fully submerge.  She was shivering as she came back up from the sudden cold.  She saw the man had a weird look on his face, probably because she was still wearing her tank top. She had to come up with some excuse 

"The water looked just inviting, I couldn't wait to completely change," Suzie said, hoping the man thought she had her bikini top underneath.  The man seemed content with the answer as he went back to his swimming. 


Part 2 

Suzie wasn't sure what to do; she hadn't really planned on swimming. She couldn't get out right away though, and figured she might as well also get some exercise and do some laps of her own while stuck there. 

After a few minutes, Suzie was becoming worried she'd have to keep going for quite some time.  Not once did it seem the other man was slowing down. It didn't help her either that she was a little winded from all the fear and adrenaline. 

Suzie's luck changed soon enough though when the man got out of the pool. He began to towel off and Suzie knew she was close to being free. 

She noticed as the man was getting packed up to leave, he kept looking at her.  Suzie was happy to see him leave, but the smile he had as he looked back one last time told Suzie something was definitely up. 

Mere moments after he left, Suzie realized why he had been staring. Looking down, Suzie noticed that her tank top was too light of a color. The light faded pink color became quite transparent.  Although not every detail could be seen, she could see two darker circles with pointed nubs at the tip of each breast.  The man had been able to essentially see she was braless under the tank top and could see her areola!  Suzie wasn't able to hold back a screech as she crossed her arms over them, even though she was alone. 

Suzie refused to stay out in the open, essentially topless.  She pulled herself out of the pool so she could find somewhere to hide.  She had to tug her panties up though, the water was pulling them down.  She would have mooned the guy had he still been there probably. 

Suzie saw that there were some changing stalls nearby and quickly took refuge in one.  With a mirror now facing her, she was able to see exactly what the other guy probably saw.  She knew exactly why the man had been grinning.  Suzie was essentially flashing him her boobs the whole time. 

Suzie peeled the shirt right off her body.  She knew she couldn't go around in it like that, it had to dry.  She placed it on top of the door of the changing stall as she slipped her panties down and off.  She noticed a hook on the door and let them sit there. 

Suzie remembered she had yet to get a towel.  She wanted to dry off, and wasn't interested in squeezing back into the wet clothing she just got off. 

Slowly, Suzie opened her door and looked out.  She made sure the door covered her body, but she wanted to see if a towel was at least nearby. Unfortunately for Suzie, the only towel she could see was on the other side of the room.  Taking about two steps out the doorway, Suzie thought she maybe could run to it.  She wasn't so sure if her luck could hold out long enough though. 

Suzie's attention was drawn away from her towel though when she finally noticed something about the room.  The wall that separated it from the hall was almost completely glass!  Suzie at that very moment was revealed to the hall, and would be for quite some time if she did try to get that towel! Suzie was also lucky to notice that out in the hall a cleaning lady was wheeling her cart to the door to the pool.  The lady hadn't seen Suzie yet, so Suzie was able to quickly get back into the stall and slam the door shut. 

Suzie held her breath as she heard the cart's wheels squeak around the pool area.  Suzie didn't have much reason to be worried, it wasn't all that odd to be naked in a changing stall, assuming she was actually changing. Suzie though felt like she was doing something wrong, and was still worried of being caught. 

She heard the cleaning lady mumble something, real close to the changing stall.  Suzie wasn't sure what it was about, but felt relieved when she heard the lady start to leave. 

Suzie gasped as she looked at the door to her stall however.  She noticed that her tank top that had been resting on the door was gone! 

Suzie instantly realized it had to have fallen off when she panicked before and slammed the door shut.  It must have been on the floor.  Suzie slowly opened the door again to take a look out.  She could see the cleaning lady was leaving, but she didn't see her shirt anywhere nearby. Suzie began to think that the mutter before from the cleaning lady was actually about her tank top!  The cleaning lady must have taken it and didn't realize Suzie was there.  Suzie's attempt to stay quiet and hidden was coming back to bite her on her bare tush. 

Suzie was thinking of calling the cleaning lady back, but Suzie didn't have anything on.  Even though it would help her stay covered on her way back, she was too embarrassed to purposely expose herself to her.  The cleaning lady left, and Suzie was left with only her wet pair of panties. 

Suzie took a moment to come up with a plan.  She still had to get the towel, and all she had were the panties.  She took them off the hook and tried to wring them out, but they were still pretty wet.  She slowly pulled them up her legs.  Again she stuck her head out of the changing stall.  The towel she planned on getting was still on the other side of the room. 

She knew that she'd have to run through the entire pool room, topless in front of the hallway windows.  She didn't know what else she could do though, so after making sure she didn't see anyone in the hall, she took off. 

Suzie kept her arms crossed over her breast.  She felt very naked now that she only had on a pair of panties.  She glanced to her side and flinched.  She could clearly see into the hallway, and even saw her reflection on the glass.  She knew she looked very naked, and she had no way of hiding now. 

Suzie got to the towel and quickly picked it up off the chair it had been resting on.  She started to try and wrap it around herself, but she couldn't figure out how.  She was starting to worry that the towel wouldn't fit. 

Walking through that door at the time was a younger couple.  They took one glance at Suzie and wondered what was going on.  All they saw was a girl wearing nothing but bikini bottoms trying to get a towel around herself. 

Suzie was surprised by them suddenly entering.  She still hadn't gotten the towel on right, so the two got an unobstructed showing of her bare chest.  She was lost for an answer to the situation, so Suzie just took off as fast as she could past the two people and out into the hall, towel loosely held in front of her bare chest. 

Suzie ran towards the lobby without thinking at first.  She wanted to get out of the couple's sight, but soon realized she had nowhere to really go.  Ahead of her she would be out in the open lobby again where even more people could see her.  She stopped dead in her tracks between the pool entrance and the lobby. 

She knew she had to cover herself somehow.  She looked back behind her and saw that the couple was standing in the pool room's doorway, craning their heads into the hall to watch her.  Both seemed amused by her nearly naked state.  Did they know she was a victim of a couple of wardrobe malfunctions, or did they think she was some type of exhibitionist?  Suzie didn't have time to think about it.  The more she stood and thought about it, the more time they could stare at her ass, only covered by her wet, red panties. 

Suzie hesitantly held the towel away from her chest for a few moments so she could wrap herself in it.  For a few moments she was at risk of flashing anyone in front of her, but soon she got the towel around her body. 

Suzie wasn't pleased with the towel though.  As she feared, the towel wasn't as big as she'd like.  It managed to reach around her, but length wise it didn't cover all that she wanted.  She could just barely get her breast hidden, but this left the lower half of her panties on show.  She didn't want to leave them out in the open, but again she had to try and hope that people thought they were bikini bottoms. 

Suzie looked behind her and was glad to see that the couple had retreated into the pool room, probably thinking the show was over.  Suzie pulled and tugged at the towel now, wanting to see what she could do with it.  She felt self conscious about raising it too high above her panties, but her shoulders were left very bare.  It would be obvious to anyone looking that she didn't have a top on, or at least a top with should straps. Maybe she'd get lucky and they'd think she had some type of skimpy top on underneath. 

Taking a deep breath, Suzie slowly walked forward toward the lobby.  She would have to make it up several floors now, dressed as she was.  She didn't know how she would explain herself if someone confronted her. 

Suzie spent as little time as she could in the lobby.  The first thing she did was turn and get into the elevator alcove.  She was about to enter the stairwell she had come from originally, but there was a sign on the door.  Somehow in the short time she had been on the ground floor, the hotel had to actually lock off the stairwell for maintenance.  Suzie felt trapped now, not knowing what to do to get to her room. 

She could have tried and find another stairwell, but that would only prolong her journey.  With her luck, she figured that would only lead to disaster and more lost clothes.  Although she didn't like the sound of it, this meant she'd have to ride the elevator. 

Suzie pressed the 'up' button to summon the elevator.  She tried to calm herself, telling herself it wouldn't be long till she could be back in her room.  Her heart began to race though as she saw other people begin to gather in the alcove.  Two woman and three men had all joined her in the alcove, also waiting.  She didn't want to spend the elevator ride with other people, but she didn't want to wait for empty elevator either. 

As they waited, Suzie couldn't help but shy away from the group.  She didn't want to be the one standing in front of the door, everyone else free to stare at her from behind.  She felt safer off to the side where she could make sure no one was staring.  Luckily besides a few glances, no one seemed to pay her much attention.  She was feeling very naked though in just a towel and panties, standing out in the open in a hotel. 

Suzie's adventure looked like it would be coming to an end once the elevator did arrive.  After a few people got off and left, the others started to enter.  Suzie was last to enter and realized it was a mistake to wait at the side.  The walls of the elevator were soon covered by everyone and their luggage, leaving only enough room for Suzie to stand in the center.  She did her best to will herself to stand still and press the button to her floor.  Sadly it seemed almost everyone was on the floor right above hers, and would be with her the whole ride. 

Suzie waited as the elevator went up its first few floors.  Suzie wanted to hide and be alone.  She felt so nearly naked in the little bit of clothing she had.  She could see her reflection in the reflective walls of the elevator, and could see a lot of exposed skin.  Her bright red panties stuck out too compared to her pale skin and white towel. 

At the 4th floor, one of the men got off.  He had squeezed right around Suzie, and Suzie thought about the horrors if she had lost her towel as she had to twist and turn to let the man through.  Luckily for her, she didn't lose her towel.  The next stop would be hers, and she could get to the safety of her room before something did happened. 

Suzie was left uneasy though when she heard the snickering of one of the ladies behind her.  Suzie didn't know why, but she knew it was a bad sign. She looked around her and noticed that the other passengers averted eye contact.  She was really worried now, knowing it had to be something to do with her. 

As Suzie had tried to stretch and turn to let the previous guest off the elevator, her panties in their wet state must have slipped down.  Suzie hadn't realized it, but for the last few second she had been standing with her butt hanging out of her panties, which was easily seen from under the bottom edge of the towel! 

Suzie blushed realizing that she'd been mooning the other guests.  Yet before she could even move to cover, the elevator arrived at her floor, and the doors opened to two more guests waiting.  It didn't take long for Suzie to realize that meant that she wasn't just showing off her bottom anymore. With the wet panties down to her thighs and the towel up to high, she knew that the two men in front of her could just barely see what should be her most hidden body part!  If it weren't for the panties keeping her thighs together, she'd be showing a lot more too, but she fortunately was probably only showing off her pussy fur. 

With all the embarrassment and adrenaline rush, Suzie wasn't able to think straight.  Rather than pull her panties up to cover herself, she instead tried to escape the elevator.  Yet with her wet panties clung to her thighs, she was only able to stumble a few feet until losing her balance. 

Suzie ended up lying on the ground, her panties wrapped around her thighs and her towel pooled around her body.  She was left nearly completely naked for all these people.  It was only a second she was on show until she was able to stand again and hold the towel in front of her breast.  She also pulled the front of her panties up with her free hand to hide that portion. 

Suzie wasn't about to stand there and let herself make a fool of herself anymore.  Yet as she turned and ran from the elevators, the people still left standing there got one last view of her butt.  Suzie only managed to pull the front of her panties back up with her free hand; they hadn't gotten up above her backside. 


Part 3 

Suzie didn't have a plan on where she was going; she just wanted to get out of sight.  She was running through the hall with her panties barely on and a towel just pressed to her chest.  She had to get decent, but she didn't want to just stand out in the middle of the hall. 

Out of the corner of her eye, Suzie noticed a lounge room.  Every floor had one, it was just an area for people to get together and relax in. Suzie didn't know if anyone would be in there, but it beat standing in the hallway. 

Rushing in, Suzie was relieved to find she was alone in the room.  The room was dark, curtains covered the walls and the lights were off.  A few couches lay about and the TV was turned off.  Suzie dropped the towel on a nearby table, happy to finally take a breather. 

She finally noticed now that her panties were still hanging down in back. Suzie laughed thinking it was a miracle she still had the panties at all.  She was finally on her floor, and she could finally get to her room and relax for the rest of the night. 

Suzie was still embarrassed by all the people that had seen her.  She hated the fact that her panties would betray her so much.  She couldn't believe just how much pool water they were still holding.  She hardly wanted to trip on them again, so she slid them down her legs, planning to give them another good wringing. 

With panties in hand, Suzie heard a sound at the entrance to the room. She couldn't let herself be caught naked, not again!  Suzie didn't think she'd be able to get her towel on, so she went for the next best cover, one of the drapes.  Suzie just barely made it beneath one as she heard two people laughing as they walked in. 

Suzie held her breath as carefully as she could.  She moved as little as she could.  She had only been able to get in at the last second, so she was uncomfortably pressed front side towards the window.  Behind her she could hear the two people, what sounded to be a man and a woman, walk in and sit on the couches nearby.  She tried moving just a little but noticed that it moved the curtain just too much for her to feel safe.  She couldn't believe that in so little time she was suddenly again naked, and with people only a thin layer of fabric away. 

Suzie hoped that the curtain was thick enough so not to show off her silhouette.  Suzie looked out the window she was up against and saw it was indeed a lot brighter now than earlier since the clouds had disappeared. 

Suzie also noticed the predicament that she was in.  The window she was against was large and went as low as just a couple inches above her knees. This left her whole body on view to the outside world! 

Suzie tried to avert her eyes.  She told herself she didn't want to know if anyone was looking at her, she wouldn't be able to do anything about it anyways.  Yet her curiosity got the best of her and she looked out her window to the outside world.  She could barely see ground, so she didn't worry too much about anyone down there.  Yet as she looked up, she saw many windows and balconies.  She stopped her wandering eyes as soon as she saw two girls on their balcony. 

The balcony was directly across from Suzie, but the girls thankfully were looking away.  The two were probably about her age, and they seemed to be having a smoke break.  Suzie quickly glanced around and was happy to see they were the only ones out on the balconies.  Suzie wasn't about to calm down much knowing that the two girls could easily catch her. 

Suzie tried to slowly move away from the window, to at least turn around, but she didn't have much room.  The slightest movement seemed to move the curtains, and she didn't want to alert the others in the room. 

It took all her strength to not move from the spot.  She felt so exposed with her body pressed against the glass.  She knew it would probably look like she was doing this on purpose too!  Suzie saw no other options besides that though.  If the girls in the other building saw her, they at least couldn't do anything about it. 

When one of the girls turned their attention in Suzie's direction, it didn't surprise Suzie when her eyes went wide.  Suzie was also not surprised when the woman started to point Suzie out to her friend.  Soon both pairs of eyes were locked on Suzie's exposed body. 

Suzie wanted to keep still as much as she could.  She didn't want to keep exposing her body, but she knew the alternative would only lead to more people seeing her naked.  However, she couldn't resist turning her head away to avoid eye contact.  At least the girls across from her wouldn't be able to recognize her. 

Suzie wasn't about to be spared though.  Suddenly she heard the couple on the couch not far away speak up. 

"Hey, what are these I've found?" she heard the guy exclaim. 

"Oh put those down, you don't know where they've been!" The girl said, giggling. 

"That's the interesting part though, who do you think left them?  What's the story behind them?" He asked. 

"Some girls are like that I guess, maybe she was with her man and just couldn't wait?" The girl reasoned.  Suzie was starting to worry what they might have been talking about. 

"Giving you any ideas maybe?" the guy joked. 

"Unlike some girls, I'm not that desperate, I can wait," the girl said seductively. 

Suzie then heard what sounded like the two kissing.  Suzie couldn't believe she was stuck naked in front of the window while the couple made out on the couch.  She wanted to tell them to get a room, but she wasn't about to reveal her presence or her body to them. 

Suzie got lucky though when she heard the two get up.  "Let's get back to our room," the girl said.  Suzie heard the footsteps of them leaving. After a few moments of silence, Suzie was more than ready to get back to her 'clothing.' 

Suzie had gotten two steps out of the curtain when she heard the sounds of children running and laughing.  Suzie quickly retreated behind the curtain before she could be caught.  This time though she faced away from the window.  It meant having her bottom on show, but it was better than her front! 

"Haha, can't catch me!" said one of the children, a boy by the sounds of it. 

"Slow down!" said the even younger girl that was with him.  Suzie figured they had to be siblings probably. 

This went on for a few minutes.  The two kids seemed to have decided to make the lounge room their play area.  Suzie could just feel the two girls on the balcony staring at her butt cheeks pressed against the glass, but like before she was stuck. 

Suzie then heard the sound of metal rattling nearby.  Suzie wasn't sure what it was until she heard the little girls say, "let's let the sun in!" The little girl was at the chain that opens the curtain! 

The girl gave the metal chain loop a tug and the curtain began to slide open.  It seemed in just mere moments it would reveal Suzie to these little kids! 

Suddenly the curtain stopped though, and even began to move the other way.  Suzie was saved!"Stop that, I want it dark!  How else am I supposed to be the monster?" The little boy said. 

That monster just saved her from the embarrassment of being caught naked by those little kids.  Suzie's heart jumped again though when suddenly the curtain began to move again!  "I want to see the sun!" the little girl shouted as she again started to pull at her half of the chain. 

Neither child quit.  The curtain kept moving back and forth.  Every time it seemed to get really close to Suzie, but then it would retract away. Suzie held her breath, not sure what to do.  She tried side stepping away from the side where the curtain was opening, but she didn't have much room left. 

The curtain was also having a different effect on Suzie.  The rough material as it glided back and forth was also rubbing against her nipples. Suzie's nipples were already partially extended from the cold of the window earlier, and this friction only added more stimulation.  Suzie could hardly believe that in the middle of this whole situation she was actually being turned on! 

Suzie was now not only hoping to stay hidden, but to also keep herself from moaning out loud.  She was also hoping the 'monster' would keep his den dark! 

The brother was losing his battle for control over the curtain.  The little girl gave one tough yank on the chain and the curtain flew nearly open.  Suzie was probably just a few mere inches from being discovered, but someone had come to her rescue.  "Hey you two, we're leaving, get going or we'll leave you hear," Suzie heard a woman say, most like the children's' mother.  The children groaned, but Suzie heard them walk away.  Suzie was again alone! 

Suzie didn't have to move far to get out of her hiding spot.  She was happy to see no one around, and was even happier to hear no one coming. Suzie yelped though when she looked to her side.  She was still standing in front of the window, and the two girls from the other building were still watching.  Suzie quickly shut the curtain and sighed in relief.  She could finally end this. 

Suzie scampered to where she had left her things.  Suzie found where she had thrown the towel, but her panties weren't where she dropped them. Suzie held the towel up to her body while she tried to find her panties. They were nowhere to be seen. 

It then struck her that her worst fears were realized.  The thing that had caught the couple's attention earlier must have been her panties after all.  Suzie wondered if the guy had taken them with him or something. 

Suzie was now left with none of her clothing.  All she had was the small towel.  Suzie tried to warp the towel around herself and hide everything, but she knew it was useless.  If she had the top of the towel fastened right at her nipples, it left her butt half exposed and even some of her pussy.  If she lowered it at all though, it would mean she'd be showing off her breast.  Suzie settled for having the towel higher up to hide her breast, one hand to hold the towel up, and one hand between her legs.  She knew her butt was sticking out from the bottom of the towel, but there was no way to cover it, and she wasn't going to risk dropping the towel. 

Suzie slowly approached the hallway.  She knew it wouldn't take long to get to her room, but she was naked and didn't want to take any chances. She had only a small towel, and nothing else.  She waited till she was sure the coast was clear, and quickly ran down the hall. 

"18, 17, 16..." Suzie mentally said as she ran down the hall reading all the door numbers.  She was getting closer and closer.  Suzie slowed down her run though as she suddenly realized something awful.  She hadn't noticed right away, but the numbers all started with a '7'.  As she got to 708 she realized that she made a mistake somewhere.  Her room number was 808! 

Suzie tried to think of how that could be.  She remembered hitting the button for the 8th floor before. 

It had to have been that the floor the elevator stopped on when she got off was the wrong floor.  The person who was out the doors when she rushed out probably had summoned it. 

Suzie suddenly felt even more naked.  She wasn't even on the right floor! She thought she was in the home stretch. 

Suzie clutched her towel, worried about what this meant.  She would have to make it a whole other floor.  She quickly took off down the hall, not wanting to spend any more time like this. 

Suzie was frustrated to see that the stairs were still out of order at the end of the hall.  This meant another elevator ride, but this time without her panties! 

Suzie took a breath and hit the 'up' button.  Suzie immediately ran to the side so she wouldn't be seen by anyone who might be in it.  Suzie wasn't sure yet if she could stand getting onto the elevator the way she looked if anyone was there, but she tried to convince herself it was only for a single floor, only a moment. 

Suzie couldn't stand the idea though.  They'd see she had nothing on under the towel, her butt would be on show, and knowing her luck she'd somehow end up dropping the towel again.  She couldn't stand the idea of being caught naked again. 

Before the elevator could even get there, Suzie quickly ran towards the stair doors.  Suzie didn't know what was going on in the stair well, but she would rather take her chances in there! 

Suzie swung the door open and got inside before anyone could walk out of the elevator and see her.  She made sure to ease the door shut once she heard the sounds of people above her.  She looked around, and besides a few tools lying about and things, everything looked normal. 

Suzie slowly walked up the steps.  She hoped the people above weren't near her floor's door.  Suzie felt relieved when she made it halfway up and saw no one by the door.  Halfway up the last set of stairs, Suzie was feeling like she would make it.  The sounds of people weren't far, so Suzie took her time to walk slowly. 

Suzie got to the top step of her floor, and looked around, up the corner, to make sure no one could see the door.  Suzie did see someone at the top of that set, so she quickly backed away against the wall behind her. It had been close, but it didn't sound like she was caught.  She took a deep but quiet breath, trying to calm her heart rate.  She wasn't only afraid of being caught undressed now, but also to be caught trespassing. 

Suzie heard the man at the top of the next stair set start to walk higher up.  This would be Suzie's chance!  Suzie began to head towards the door to her floor when something suddenly held her in place.  With a few tugs Suzie realized somehow her towel was stuck to the flat wall. 

Suzie tried to pull at the towel, but it wouldn't budge.  Eventually Suzie pulled too hard and lost her grip.  Suzie went forward, but her towel stuck to the wall.  Suzie was surprised to be naked, but even more surprised to see her towel glued to the stairwell wall. 

Suzie got up close to it and tried to pull.  She then noticed that where her towel was, was right where there seemed to some newly applied paint. The workers must have just painted the wall with some arrows.  Suzie's timing and luck couldn't be worse.  The paint must dry quickly, and she backed against it just before it was done.  Now Suzie's towel was stuck to the wall.  Suzie didn't want to stand there tugging at it all day, and she didn't want to tear the towel either.  She had to escape now, towel or no towel. 

Suzie made sure the coast was clear and quickly opened the door to her floor.  She just needed streak to her room, and she wasn't going to wait around.  Without looking she flew into the hallway and took off down past the doors.  She tried to ignore the fact she was completely naked. 

"801, 802, 803..." she mumbled as s he went be each door.  She had an arm across her breast, and a hand between her legs.  She didn't even look around to see if anyone was around, she was too dead set on her goal. 

Finally, after so long, Suzie got to her door.  She would finally be inside and find some cover.  Suzie uncovered her breast so she could grab the door handle, and pulled it to let herself in. 

Yet nothing happened.  The door wouldn't open.  Suzie tried a second time, but still nothing.  That's when she remembered.  Her only goal wasn't to get to her room, but also unlock it.  Suzie patted her hips as if to check her pockets.  Then it finally dawned on her.  Suzie had forgotten her key somewhere! 


Part 4 

Suzie fell to her knees.  She couldn't believe what she'd done.  She couldn't believe that she somehow could forget the most important thing, one of the whole reasons she ended up exposed to so many people.  Suzie looked around herself; hopeful that maybe she just dropped it.  Yet the hallway floor was bare, as bare as her body. 

Suzie tried to think back.  Tried to think when she last saw her key. She remembered getting it from the desk.  She remembered she had it when she ran into the pool room.  She couldn't remember having it any point after that.  Suzie figured the key had to be somewhere there.  Suzie knew what this meant though, and she didn't like it.  She'd have to sneak all the way down to the pool, and this time she didn't have anything to wear! 

Completely naked, and with no other options, Suzie got up and looked around for people for the first time in awhile.  She was luckily alone, but she wondered how long her luck could really hold out for. 

Suzie quickly jogged back to the elevator and stairs.  Suzie had to get down there somehow.  Suzie hoped that the stairs would be empty, but after cracking the door them open a little, she could hear some voices.  "How'd a towel end up stuck to the wall Frank?" one of them asked. 

"Don't know Jimmy, probably some brat playing pranks on us," the other man said as he looked behind him.  He could see Suzie peeking through the door way.  "Sorry ma'am, the stairs are closed for now." 

Suzie quickly closed the door.  Luckily the man could only see her head, but she wouldn't be able to take that route.  Suzie eyed up the elevator doors.  Could she really do it? 

Without letting herself stop, Suzie pushed the down button for the elevator.  Suzie knew it was risky, but she had no options.  She'd have to just bare her body to a few people to get this over with as quickly as possible.  Waiting would only lead to more people seeing her she figured. 

Suzie was more than relieved when the doors opened and no one was waiting inside.  Suzie stepped in and quickly pressed the ground floor button.  She didn't want anyone riding down with her, so she figured she shouldn't hesitate. 

Every floor Suzie held her breath, as the elevator descended.  Again she kept an arm over her breast and a hand between her legs.  She didn't want show any more than she had to.  The closer she got the lobby, the more her heart race.  She knew in mere moments she could end up arriving naked in what could be a busy hotel lobby.  All around her on the mirror like walls she could see her naked body. 

With a 'ding', the elevator ended up on the ground floor.  Suzie wasn't able to keep her eyes open as the doors slid open.  After a moment of silence Suzie opened one eye to look around.  There was no one waiting around by the elevators.  Suzie couldn't believe her luck and quickly got out of the elevator.  She could see into part of the lobby and saw that no one was waiting around.  She could faintly hear what sounded like someone at the front desk. 

Suzie quietly took steps towards the hallway.  She knew once she rounded the corner, whatever guest was at the counter could probably just turn their head and see her scampering down the hall, completely naked. 

Suzie stopped herself from running once she got to the hall.  She wanted nothing more than to make it into the pool room, but she didn't want to create a scene.  She kept a fast pace, but she wished she could go faster. Looking behind her, she could tell she hadn't been noticed yet.  Suzie was also glad to see the pool room was empty at that time. 

Suzie was again surprised by her good luck when she finally got to the pool door.  She had made it to the pool without being caught!  Suzie didn't slow down though, and quickly began searching for her key. 

Suzie searched all around for her key.  She didn't see it in the pool, and it didn't look like she dropped it nearby.  She didn't have it in the changing room either. 

Suzie was worried she'd have to go back to the front counter.  She could picture herself standing naked at the lobby counter, explaining why she was naked in their hotel, guests everywhere watching her. 

Yet out of the corner of her eye Suzie noticed something.  Sitting on one of the tables nearby was a key card!  Suzie rushed to it and picked it up.  She couldn't tell if it was hers, but maybe the cleaner earlier found it on the ground and put it there. 

Suzie didn't have long to celebrate.  Before she could make her trip back, she saw a man walking down the hall.  He hadn't noticed her yet, but Suzie knew she didn't have much time to hide. 

Suzie didn't know where to go though.  The changing room was on the other end, and jumping into the pool wouldn't help her with how clear the water was.  With only a moment more to think, Suzie decided she had to jump in the nearby hot tub. 

Suzie was probably only a moment away from being discovered, but she somehow made it.  The man entered and didn't give Suzie more than a glance. 

Suzie was glad she hadn't been seen, but now she had to wait for him to leave.  She wasn't about to just walk out naked past him if she didn't have to, she at least was hidden beneath the hot tub bubbles.  She also had her back to him, so he had little chance of seeing anything.  Suzie looked behind her and watched the man do some laps in the pool.  She was worried this guy might take as long as the one from before. 

Suzie also began to try and plan her way back.  She thought about maybe finding a new towel to cover with, and began looking for one around the room.  Suzie was happy to see a small pile off in the far corner of the room.  She started to think she'd be able to make it. 

Suzie was hopeful when she saw him get out of the pool after only a few minutes.  Suzie was about to sneak out of the hot tub to get a towel as the guy left, but the man suddenly turned around and started to head towards Suzie! 

"So, what brings you to this part of the country?" The man asked as he sat on a lounge chair nearby the hot tub.  Suzie had just turned around and was about to get out of the hot tub.  She quickly sank back in and rested her arms outside the tub so she could look semi-natural and keep the rest of her body in the water. 

"Oh umm...  well...  just on vacation," Suzie said.  Suzie then noticed a funny feeling between her legs.  When she ducked back into the hot tub, she had sat in front of one the tub's jets.  Suzie wanted to move, but didn't want to risk raising suspicion.  If she squirmed too much, the man might notice.  She knew with him so close she had a fairly large amount of risk of being seen. 

"From California myself.  Here on some business.  Seen much of the sites?" The man asked. 

Suzie tried to stay still, but the feel of the jets was something new and different to her.  She could feel a warmth building in her.  The incident earlier with the curtain didn't help either. 

The man continued to make small talk with Suzie.  Suzie was having a hard time keeping up though.  The jet's effect on her was making it hard to concentrate.  Suzie was embarrassed just knowing what was going on, that she was becoming so aroused while this man talked to her.  She couldn't help it though, every time she tried to move away from the jet, she would stop herself thinking that he might notice her nudity. 

Suzie could tell she was approaching an orgasm too.  She wanted to stop it, but she didn't know how.  Her arousal was clouding her judgment, so she continued to just talk to the man. 

"You should really check out the national park right on the edge of town. It's real nice this time of year," the man suggested. 

"Ohh- Oook..." Suzie muttered.  She blushed knowing that half her answer was a moan.  Luckily the man didn't seem to notice at all.  Suzie knew she couldn't open her mouth anymore, she couldn't hope to keep from moaning out loud.  She tried her best to nod her head to respond to the man's answers, but soon she was at the very edge of orgasm. 

"Well, I better get going.  Have to get some papers together before a meeting tomorrow.  Bye," the man said as he got up and began to walk away. 

Suzie was able to squeak out a breathless "Bye," before being sent over the edge.  It took all her willpower to not cry out.  The tub's jet had proven to be too much for poor Suzie.  She was pushed into a powerful orgasm, and if it had not been for fear of being discovered, she probably would have made quite a bit of noise. 

"Oh, the name's John, yours?" The man asked as he turned around. 

Suzie for a few moments didn't even know how to answer the question, she couldn't even remember her name.  She eventually managed to say "Suzie," and that was enough for the man to say his goodbye again, and he was gone. Suzie felt incredibly lucky that somehow the man stayed completely unaware that a naked girl was brought to orgasm right in front of him.  Suzie wasn't about to complain of course. 

When she got her strength back, Suzie pulled herself out of the hot tub. She was finally thinking straight, and knew she had to get to the towel. Suzie made a quick dash across the room to the piled up towels.  Suzie was even able to use her common sense and grab two towels.  She wrapped one around her chest and one around her waist.  She was in too much of a panic before to think of that 

With key card in hand, and towels securely in place, Suzie was ready to finally make it to her room. 

In no time Suzie walked into her room, she was astounded.  She hadn't been exposed to a single person on the way up.  She got a few weird looks, but her towels had stayed in place. 

Suzie walked to her bed, let her towels fall to the floor, and just laid back on top of the covers.  She stared up at the ceiling, smiling, feeling good that it was finally over. 

"Room service!" came a voice from the door."The door was open and I..." the man started to say before stopping mid sentence.  Suzie looked up and was shocked to see a man standing with a tray in hand, staring back at her. He also seemed equally shocked.  Suzie was spread out completely naked on the bed, and he couldn't take his eyes away.  For a few moments neither said anything. 

Suzie didn't even get a chance to cover up; the room service man had apologized and left before she could move her hands.  It was just Suzie's luck that room service would show up at that very moment.  On the bright side, she was right on time for her food at least, and she was pretty hungry. 
The End