renu, dad & me


Renu was my best friend and cousin. When Kishore left for higher
studies to
Delhi, I was all alone, Mom was dead, Old Watchman had expired and
Maya
left for her native place. We got a new Maid, a married woman of 26
and her
husband was working on our house too.

Renu had a very wild and sexy nature and told me all about her Dad
and that
she had very free and frank sexual life with him. It was my birthday
and
she decided to stay with me for weekend.

After everyone left, we had lot of fun and got very tired. Seema was
asleep
by this time and I told Renu about my Dad and Maya and other stories.
She
was mad with lust and want some action. We went to Dad room and the
favorite place of corner window. Dad was sitting on his on chair in
his
Lungi loin cloth open from front side (usually made of muslin) and
rubbing
his naked cock. He was also sipping wine and looking at some pictorial
book. His cock was hard as rock and looked very large.

Renu saw it and became mad with lust. As she had relations with her
dad and
fucked with some other people too, she wanted to go in but I stopped
her as
it would cause some scandal if anyone found out, and persuaded her to
go to
our room and suck each other. We did a 69 in the room and both of us
were
high on each others body and we came together when we inserted the
fingers
in each other's bottom.

After few minutes she again started to explore my body and said "
Selina!
we must help your dad as he is starving to get relief, I have had no
cock
for 4 days and want it now", she said with firmness in her voice and
started putting on her dress and left the room. I followed her
putting on
my blouse and panties and she knocked on Dad's door.

I hide behind the nearest pillar. " Uncle! I have severe a stomach
ache and
Selina is sleeping like a pig," she said acting as if dying with
pain. "Can
you help me by getting me some medicine, Uncle". And Dad took her in
the
room, closing the door. I went to the window and Saw uncle searching
for
something in the cupboard.

He came to her and said. Renu! I don't have any pills but have this
oil
which will give instant relief after rubbing it on your tummy", and
asked
her to lay down on the bed. She did and Dad put some oil on his palm
and
asked her to remove nightie to which she responded by removing it
swiftly..
She was now naked from the waist up with just her panties on, which he
could not avoid noticing.

Dad rubbed the oil on her tummy and went down as far as her panty
elastic.
As the room had windows each side, the bed was close to the one I was
looking through and I could see very clearly the lust in Dad's eyes
and his
Lungi was again sticking up from his loins. He rubbed for some time
and
Renu was beggining to moan as if getting relief from rubbing, but I
knew
her what her game was and she definitely would be getting Dad's cock.

I was also getting hot watching them and took a small stool lying
nearby
and sat on it, spread my legs and put my hand in my panties.

Dad was now running his hand on her full body and rubbing her boobs
and
flicking her nipples.

She was now moaning with pleasure as Dad hands were also now
exploring her
public area outside her panties.

"No! uncle... what are you doing... you have magic in your hands and
I am
fully relieved from the pain.... rub me uncle" and she opened her
legs.

Dad knew her trick as she opened her legs and moaned for more and
more. Dad
put his hand on her panties and pulled down them and she helped him by
lifting her feet to get free. Dad went to the cabinet and got a
bottle of
whiskey and poured her a drink and said "This will help you better
Renu"
and helped her take a sip which she took hungrily and with few gulps
the
glass was empty.

Dad himself poured a drink, a big one and gulped it down and I felt
that he
was definitely preparing to enjoy fully with Renu.

Dad removed his Lungi and I saw his long, fat hard cock hanging
straight
from his loins I had seen it before when he was fucking Maya, but his
time
more closely and it looked bigger than before.

Uncle took Renu's hand which he placed on his cock and eagerly put it
in
her mouth, She sucked Dad cock for few minutes and Dad pulled them
both
into a laying position on the and without removing the cock from her
mouth
she pushed his eager mouth on to her opened hairy pussy. They were
sucking
each other like old lovers and my Dad was master a past master in
exploring
young pussies.




