Miss Nude Pie 2006
by froghills ©

There is nothing like being naked! 

I could smell her the minute she walked into Captain Bob's Bar and Grille. 
It was the unmistakable smell of a luscious pussy in heat. She was wearing 
a pretty pale yellow, spaghetti strapped sundress, and her tan was a 
perfectly golden match. Intuition told me that was all she was naked under 
that thin cotton garment. It was obvious that she was braless, but the 
knickers were absent primarily in my imagination. When she sauntered by my 
table I knew she was on the prowl, and that gorgeous ass was swinging with 
a "fuck me full of babies" lilt. 

Every eye in the joint was following her; even the women were entranced by 
the pheromones wafting through the air, and her subtle, expensive, perfume 
totally overpowered the pungent smell of burning onions on Captain Bob's 
flattop grill. 

I guessed she was in her mid twenties, maybe thirty and definitely the 
type of girl who jazzercised every day at the local woman's club. Her 
calves were a textbook example of a stair stepping queen, and the lift of 
her cork platform sandals gave her legs that round muscular look similar 
to five-inch stilettos. 

My eyes drifted upward along her long, smooth, tanned legs while my mind 
pictured her pussy; I just knew she had one of those Brazilian bikini 
waxes that make licking and sucking a woman such a treat. I was getting 
wood thinking of the nasty and unnatural things I would make her do when I 
bedded her. The thought of running my tongue from her navel down that flat 
belly and through the slit of her wet and throbbing cunt was only 
surpassed by the image of my face buried between her cheeks sucking on her 
asshole. 

She passed through the dinning area leaving stiff cocks, and wet pussys in 
her wake. The couple sitting next to me were both ogling her. I could tell 
they were fantasizing about an orgy of slippery girl flesh, and how they 
would take turns using her to pleasure themselves.

She swung her ass in time with her long blonde ponytail, as she strode out 
the back door of Captain Bob's, and then took a seat like royalty at the 
tiki bar overlooking Banana Beach. Banana Beach, sometimes called "Bare 
Ass Beach", runs all the way north to the hedonistic resort, Club Corito. 
Club Corito is the anchor attraction for Corn Island, but the locals 
prefer Captain Bob's, whose owner is rumored to be a retired pot smuggler; 
one of the lucky ones who didn't get busted by the federalies or wasted by 
some psychotic cocaine cowboy drug lord trying to takeover the business. 
Everybody on the island loves his place; the tiki bar is packed every 
night for the fabulous sunsets and the tall, cool, rum drinks, a few of 
the Captain's Rum Runners will take your worries away and along with your 
better judgment. As the sun sets, you can watch the lovers slipping into 
the coconut palm paths; the local girls of the evening use these coral 
lined nooks to administer blowjobs for the tourist dudes, normally a 
bargain at twenty dollars, American.

A cool summer breeze was beginning to blow into Bob's place, along with 
the sunset crowd, so I picked up my drink and cruised out to claim my spot 
at the tiki bar before it filled up. Blondie, the main attraction for this 
evening, was sipping her drink and spinning one of the little umbrellas 
Captain Bob puts in every drink, even cokes. As I slid onto the rattan 
barstool next to her I said, is this seat taken? Blondie grinned and said, 
nope, not yet, guess you're the lucky stiff tonight. Stiffy was more like 
it. She swung her head around to face me and pushed her Wayfarer's down 
her nose, and then she winked. God what a pair of eyes; they were emerald 
green and had a brilliance that was eerie. I caught myself staring and 
mumbled; Contest, what kind of contest is it? 

She held out her hand as if it were to be kissed, and politely said, hello 
my name is Lisa. I said, hi Lisa, it is a pleasure to meet you, my name is 
Richard, but everyone calls me Rich. 

I leaned in and jokingly whispered, you've put a spell on everyone in 
Bob's place tonight. How so, she answered, making a little kissing sound 
on her cocktail straw? I took a long pull off my Morgan and Coke, and just 
smiled at her. She noticed my cool and crossed her legs letting the shear 
sundress slide up her thighs a bit, and then began kicking her leg to the 
beat of the salsa music coming from the combo.

She was so fucking perfect; the strappy little sandal that hung from her 
foot drew attention to a single silver ring on her second toe. I began to 
wonder if she was pierced, I'm not sure why, but I was hopping she had a 
ring or a barbell through her clit so I could toy with it. 

Are you here for the resort up the beach, I asked? She nodded, sipping 
from her drink, then said, of course! I'm here for the big contest! She 
looked in my eyes like I was supposed to know what the hell contest she 
was talking about, but I live on the other side of Corn Island and rarely 
follow the doings at Club Corito. 

THE BIG CONTEST she said, you know the "Miss Nude Pie" contest, haven't 
you ever heard of it silly? She smiled at my surprise and shifted her legs 
to let that her sundress ride just a little further up her lean tanned 
thigh. I gulped and said, I have, but I never thought it would be held 
here on Corn Island. Not many of the locals, or the local expatriates, pay 
much attention to Club Corito; we just prey on the sluttish women that 
stray beyond its all-inclusive gates. Lisa was no stray; she was hot. Not 
like your normal pudgy, bleached blonde, swinger from San Diego. 

She asked me Richard, would you like to come to the event; I have one more 
pass to give away? I couldn't think of anything to say except, sure, I'd 
would love to come and watch you. Well then Richard, its settled, I'll 
make sure you get your VIP pass so you can sit right up front and cheer 
with my team. I took a sip of my drink and asked her, would you like to 
take a walk down the to the kokomo, I'll show you some of the sights you 
won't get to see at the resort? Lisa replied, I would love to; I've heard 
a lot of stories about the "Kocomo", and laughed. She hopped down from the 
stool and bent over to take her sandals off for the walk, and when she 
did, the sundress did its magic; I was graciously treated to a quick view 
of her 34D breasts. Her nipples were dark and thick, and they sat high on 
her golden mounds. There were no tan lines to be seen on Ms. Lisa. She 
caught me leering and giggled, Richard what are you looking at? 

Well fellow pie enthusiasts, I think you will agree, you can have all the 
nudist resorts, and nudist contests you want, but there will never be 
anything to take the place of peeking down a girls blouse or up her skirt 
to turn a guy on. 

We headed down to the beach and mingled with the tourist in the sand 
waiting for the big event. Sunsets in the tropics are truly awesome; the 
colors of the distant storm clouds mix with the deep blue Caribbean ocean 
and meet in a most unusual combination of light. Lisa and I scuffled 
through the sand bumping shoulders and chatting about the natural beauty 
of Corn Island, and we told each other little things about our selves; you 
know, enjoying that time between meeting and involvement.

Around this part of Banana Beach you see the real island, lots of colorful 
stilted beach houses made in the Jamaican fashion. We could see the small 
fires burning in the yards and faintly hear reggae music playing on an old 
boom box in the background. The intoxicating smell of grass was in the air 
under the coco palms.

Captain Bob's was fading into the distance as we came to one of the coral 
out-croppings that separate Banana Beach from Playa Bonita. You can make 
your way around the point on the reef if you want to risk cutting your 
feet, or you can cut across the hill on a path that is frequented by 
passionate couples. 

I quietly told Lisa, now keep your eyes open for lovers in the nooks along 
the path. Lisa whispered; I hope we get to peek at somebody doing it! I 
told her, baby you'll see more than you can imagine on this kocomo.

Just about then we heard a whimper off to the right of the path; when we 
looked through the bamboo thicket, there knelt one of the local girls 
earning her pay by sucking off a middle-aged gringo. She had his whole 
cock down her throat and was mauling is balls at the same time. His shinny 
dick was thick and pulsing as she pumped it with her mouth. By the sound 
coming from the gringo it wouldn't be long before he would be blowing his 
sperm down her throat. As he got closer to spewing, the girl pulled back 
on his veined cock, only the head was left her hot mouth. She jacked his 
hardon and squeezed his balls as he unloaded his cum in her mouth and on 
her face, then she rubbed his dick over her lips and chin giving herself a 
facial that you might only see in a porn flick. Globs of white cream ran 
down her neck and onto her bare tits, and the moonlight caught it all for 
Lisa to see. Oh my god, she moaned, that was fucking awesome! I told her, 
wait baby; there will be more, you'll see.

As we crested the little hill that separates the beaches we saw a couple 
fucking in the shadows. We thought it was just a normal couple getting it 
on in the bushes when the unmistakable sound of two men and one woman 
became clear. I grabbed Lisa's hand and yanked her off the path; we 
crouched low by some bushes to peep. I said, Lisa lets watch this, its 
gonna be freaky. We had a perfect view of the little clearing where the 
trio was engaging in a three way cum festival. 

The woman was on her hands and knees with a large black man behind her, 
most likely a local dude. The other man was under her in a sixty-nine 
position begging the black guy to fuck her cunt full of sperm; the local 
dude was obliging and using his ebony pole to stretch her cunt to the 
limit. They made lewd, smacking, sounds as his full nut sack slapped her 
ass and the white boy's face at the same time. He was tearing her ass up 
and pounding his meat in and out of the little white harlot's dripping 
cunt. 

Lisa was gripping my arm like a vise and breathing hard and fast. I could 
smell her pussy getting hot and lathered, and it was clear her labia were 
swelling up. When she reached under her skirt in the moonlight, I caught a 
glimpse of her hairless crotch with a pretty little silver ring dangling 
from her clit.

Lisa, made some unprintable sounds as she stroked herself and watched the 
bottom guy lick this beautiful bitches pussy while the black guy was 
pounding her ass, we could see him move back and lick the dudes cock and 
balls when it slid in and out of her slut's hole. As he sucked, we heard 
him say, please, please cum in her, I want to eat your nasty fucking cream 
pie. Just about then Lisa squeezed my hand and moaned, is he gonna shoot! 
Right at that moment the black guy pulled his huge dripping dick out of 
the whore and fired his steaming load on the cuckold's face. The lucky 
cuck licked his lips, her hole, and the black guy's dick while the light 
of the moon gave his spunk-covered face an eerie glow. 

Lisa had been on the verge of cumming while watching the show. She looked 
at me and smiled a very wicked grin, and then pulled her hand out her 
gushing twat and straightened her dress. Let's get out of here, she 
groaned, I recognize that guy, he's one of the judges for the contest, 
don't let him see me. We half ran down the hill to the beach laughing and 
swatting each other, and joking about cream pies. She was howling with 
laughter and said, Richard, that whore was another contestant named Shelly 
Ann! Probably bribing the judge!

Lisa confided in me that having a man go down on her after she took a load 
of cream was a fantasy that she had masturbated to for years, and that 
kissing a guy with cum on his lips from her previous lover was her go to 
fantasy for a sure orgasm. Hey, no problem here, I've munched more cum 
filled cunt than I can count. 

As we walked down the playa we naturally fell into a leisurely pace and 
were holding hands like high school lovers. The sound of the gentle waves 
and the warm tropical breezes was doing its thing for Lisa. She stopped 
and looked up in my eyes, and then she gave me our first kiss. Standing 
back and twirling like a ballerina, she said, Richard, tell me that you 
like what you see, do you think I'm hot? She chuckled, am I a ten? I could 
only smile and pull her into my arms. I loved feeling those perfect 
breasts on my chest and the smell of her golden hair in my face. I 
whispered in her ear, Lisa, I think you're the most beautiful woman I've 
ever met; I may be falling for you. 

She stepped back and stared at me with a very curious expression on her 
face, then reached behind her back and pulled the zipper of that gauzy 
yellow sundress. She shook her body and it fell to the sand, then she 
said, almost asking permission, Richard, can we have sex on the beach? I 
closed the distance between us and wrapped her exquisite body in my arms 
and kissed her deep and hard. Our tongues met in her honey-moistened mouth 
and we exchanged the fluids of love for the first time.

She took my hand and brought me down to the sand where she spread her 
sundress for us to lie on, I took off my shirt and she added it to the 
pile to give us a place to fuck. In the light of the full moon her golden 
body looked like a magazine fantasy, pure sex. When she laid back she 
lifted her tiny little foot for me to kiss and I started my tongue's 
journey down her long luxurious leg to her hairless, swollen, gushing, 
slit.

Lisa's smell and looks are unforgettable, but she definitely has the 
sweetest pussy juice of any female I have ever enjoyed. Playing across her 
silver piercing with my tongue made her throbbing clit stand at attention. 
I held her legs up and began to lick her body from ass to belly button, 
and just as I had imagined, she was delicious. 

There was a rush of pleasure with ever inch of her body, the little golden 
hairs that ran from her naval were tender and not more than peach fuzz. 
She begged me to suck her clit and make her cum, but I was lost in the 
taste of her body and didn't want this exploration to end to soon. Lisa 
grabbed me by my hair and pleaded, please Richard, please let me cum, lick 
my clit, suck it hard, I'll do anything you say, just let me cum, fucking 
please.

I trailed my tongue down along her belly and through the crease of her 
leg, I kissed the tendons that lie next to her vulva, and then dipped my 
tongue gently into her drenched slit. As I ran it up and down her labia, I 
watched her clit twitch and swell while I hummed my approval into her sex 
slit, then I attacked her clitoris with little bites and some full 
suction. I swathed my tongue across her clit as she pushed up with just 
the right amount of pressure and started to heave and arch her torso. The 
strength of her orgasm made her sculpted body rippled with wave after wave 
of red-hot orgasm.

As she descended from the peak of ecstasy I had to move my lips away from 
her tender clit and just enjoy the nectar pouring out of her love hole. I 
let her rest for a few minutes before I commanded, get on your hands and 
knees little kitten; you're my pussy now! It was possessed like an animal 
in rut, my cock was iron hard and my balls were ready to send a tsunami of 
cum crashing up her cervix, flooding her ovaries. I had a doggie style 
grip on her sweating hips and got ready to strike with my baby making 
machine gun. I was sure it would be twins, maybe triplets.

She laughed and slipped from my clutches like a hairless cheetah covered 
in KY, then she took off down Playa Bonita on the run. 

The evening moonlight glimmering off her sweating, nude, body, and made 
every muscle from her neck to her ankles flex and quiver. The hollows of 
her ass, just below her boyish hips, rippled as she sprinted for the surf. 
Jeering me, she turned and yelled; you'll have to catch me to fuck me 
daddy! Seeing her naked body, diving in to the crystal clear Caribbean, 
was a scene right out of a wet dream. She slid under the water and swam 
away like a nude mermaid silently streaking over the sugar white sand.

I ran as fast I could and dove in after Lisa, as I glided over her back 
and my bone ran along the split of that perfect ass. The waters off Corn 
Island are indescribable; the ocean is body temperature and gin clear. I 
swept her into my arms to kiss her ears and begged her, Lisa, I got to 
fuck that pussy baby, please let me it, please. Lisa was simmering hot, 
and the heat off her thighs was warming my waist with legs around me and 
locked at her ankles. The tip of my blood engorged cock was just at the 
slick opening of her honey hole, I was ready to plunge it to the hilt and 
fuck it in and out of her lava hot cunt while sucking those bullet hard 
nipples. I waned to plant my seed in the back of her womb. Lisa wrapped 
her arms around my neck and took me into her body softly, hissing, 
Richard, fuck my pussy, tonight this whore belongs to you baby, do me.

With the tempo of the tropical waves we fucked each other with a silent 
ease; our passion was hard and relentless, her velvet pussy gripped and 
clutched my steel calling my sperm from the primeval depths to be 
injected, with all my strength, up her cunt. My pulsing rod came like a 
cannon, shot after shot of hot cream splashed up her hole to fill her 
cervix. Our intermingled juices were lubricating her slit as we rocked 
back and forth locked together at the crotch and our tongues entangled.

She threw the sundress over her shoulder and we walked back to Banana 
Beach naked. Most of the people along the beach just stared and nodded as 
they took in this exceptional beauty and eyed her swollen and leaking 
slit. It was parted oozing fuck juice down her thighs. Maybe there was 
something to this nudist lifestyle that I hadn't understood, Lisa plainly 
loved the looks and smiles of the men and women that admired her 
nakedness. She returned their knowing smile like a true exhibitionist. 

As we neared Captain Bob's place she reached down and drug two fingers 
through her sopping trench and held them up for me to lick, Then slipped 
her sandy yellow sundress over her body and kissed me good-bye, but it 
wasn't a goodbye kiss. The next day a VIP pass to the Miss Nude Pie 
contest was hand delivered to my cabaña by a Club Cerrito employee. I had 
seat ten, front row! The messenger told me that the first row seats were 
reserved for the press and the team members. Team member? 

I have to admit though that Club Corito was well done. They have tropical 
gardens, several pools and tubs, and lots of little shops and services. 
Everyone was naked in some respect; some topless women, but most of the 
guests were totally nude. Being nude is easy for me; I never minded 
showing my ass.This place had reputation for some hot parties and huge 
orgies, so I was in meet and greet mode. The beach is fantastic and the 
resort has set aside two areas for the public to enjoy, you could go 
anywhere where you wanted but the main division was the nudes vs. the 
prudes. The Pie Eating contest was on the nude side and there was a strict 
rule of required nudity past the warning sign that said; "Nude Beach, 
warning, you may encounter public displays of affection" 

A low, wide, stage was set up with the ocean as the backdrop. Some other 
pie competitions and preliminary events had been held during the day, but 
the final five contestants would compete at sunset. I was amazed how many 
seats there were; maybe close to a thousand. The chairs had been set up in 
a shallow semi circle around the stage, and were half taken by the 
revelers.

I made my way to the front row and watched while a few maintenance men 
were mopping something on the stage and straightening the equipment out 
for the main event. There was a chair like contraption and a tall bench, 
covered in leather, in the middle of the stage. Off to the left was a fold 
out table and five chairs; a sign on the table skirt said "Judges".


The arena was filling up and the sun was getting low in the sky. The other 
nine seats in our section were slowly becoming occupied with a nice 
looking selection of young guys who all shook my hand and introduced them 
selves to each other. I couldn't remember any of their names, but I told 
them I was Richard but they could call me Rich. The "team" was in good 
shape and had some fine swinging meat between their legs. I elbowed the 
guy next to me and asked, are you with Lisa's crew? He said, sure aren't 
you? Yes I guess so, I said. He began laughing and said, shit man you got 
the top job on the team, how'd you do it? 

Bill, my new teammate, told me that Lisa needed nine volunteers for the 
style and pie event, and one guy for the final judging. He slapped my 
shoulder and said, damn man; you're the lucky stiff tonight, then he 
pointed to my swelling dick and chuckled. Relax Richard; this is going to 
be a real cum festival.

The Master of Ceremonies hushed the crowd, and said Welcome to the thirty 
sixth Miss Nude Pie Contest. We are ready for the final event of the 
contest. These final five contestants are here tonight to compete for the 
honor of being crowned "Miss Nude Pie 2006".

The crowd clapped and you could hear some whistling and a few lewd 
comments while the contestants entered the stage. They were five very 
appealing women, I thought maybe contestant number three, could have been 
porn star I'd seen in a bukaki film. Lisa our princess was in the front of 
the line, she looked perfect. She had been given a rubdown, a duesch, and 
a waxing to freshen her up after the pie-throwing event earlier.

The MC called her name and Lisa strode out on the stage like naked whore. 
She pointed her finger and stuck out her tongue to the guy in seat one, 
and then mounted the leather bench, and assumed the doggie position. The 
lead off hitter (guy in seat number one) walked up and stood right behind 
her slick oiled ass. Her pussy was smooth and almost the color of a peach. 
There was a glow from the oil on her skin and the stage lights showed her 
pussy juice where her lips parted. Pie man number one ran his cock up and 
down her slit and prepared to fill her hole full of cream. 

No. One was pretty hung, eight inches and a good thick shaft; it looked 
totally hot watching him fuck in and out of Lisa's puffed up pussy lips. 
Bill leaned over and said, the object is for each guy to shoot as much as 
he can and not get it all over her crotch. They take off points for wasted 
pie.

Lisa's stud was fucking her in a nice easy pace, you don't want to wear 
yourself out to early, and there was a lot of cock to go. No. One's nut 
sack tightened and we could see the veins swell out on his shaft and his 
ass cheeks clench. He was a heavy cummer, and he could fill a shot glass. 

Lisa fucked all nine of these guys like a pro; she cheated no one. She 
fucked each one in a separate position and only lost a couple of points 
from dribbling sperm onto the bench. It was apparent that Ms. Lisa was the 
crowd's favorite; many people new her and the cheers and whistles were 
constant. 

With a ballerina move, she spun and took her place in the chair like 
devise. The audience roared to its feet; she was spread eagle and sopping 
wet. The body oil, the cum and the pussy juice boiling in her fuck hole 
was a smoldering mess.

Lisa held up her finger to signal for the crowd to hush, the said, No. 
Ten, on stage please. Her green eyes were glazed and she had a sweet smile 
of satisfaction on her face. She'd been fucked, and fucked the just the 
way she liked it. Now was the moment of her triumph and she had the calm 
and confident demeanor of a winner.

The crowd was silenced as I stumbled to the stage. I was directed to kneel 
in front of the chair where Lisa's legs were perched in their stirrups. 
Her legs were on either side of my head and her drenched, fucked, sperm 
soaked cunt was right in my face. There was almost not wasted pie on 
Lisa's thighs or ass; she had done an amazing job holding all that spunk 
in her hole. Right below her clit you could see it begin to emerge like 
sweet cream from a pastry bag. Her labia were fat and distended and the 
tip of her clit was totally exposed. She was ripe, she had all the cum she 
could hold. 

When the judges told the timekeeper to start the count down, she looked 
down at my face, smiled and said, get it all baby; clean your whore good, 
suck my cunt, make me Miss Nude Pie 2006.

Out of the loud speakers I heard the MC announce: "ready, get set, on the 
mark..."