Angela Discovers Exhibitionism
by JBEdwards

Angela gradually curates her exhibitionism.

It began at summer camp. It was my first time at a sleep-away camp, and I was both scared and excited. I tried hard to fit in, to do as the other girls did, which was mostly to talk about boys. I was young, but post puberty, and I was menstruating, so I knew the score. Nevertheless, I was young, and sex was still something foreign to me. I mean I knew it was out there and a near constant subject of conversation, but I wasn't ready for the whole boy-girl thing.

I saw some of the older girls changing clothes. They changed outside of their tents, flaunting (it seemed to me) their naked, mature bodies. If the boys at camp, across the river, had binoculars or just bionic eyesight, they could see whatever secret treasures the girls chose to display when they dressed in the morning.

I never forgot what those girls did, especially because it happened every year. It seemed to be some kind of a camp tradition among the older girls, and especially those with good bodies. When I got older and had not big, but bigger boobs, I thought about joining those girls who teased the boys, but I never had the courage. I dressed quietly in my tent, like almost all the other girls.

My last summer, however, when I was 18 and had reasonably nice boobs, a small waist, and child bearing hips, I took the leap. After my morning shower, I did not return to my tent to dress, wrapped up in a towel, as most of the other girls did. Instead, I dried myself, stark naked, on the shore of the river (really, it was just a creek; a tributary to the Russian River in Northern California), showing off my nude body to anyone who happened to be looking just then. I kept the tradition alive!

Mostly I was showing off to the other girls on our side of the creek, and a few of them seemed to be truly interested, and yes, in that way. Who I was really showing off to, however, was the boys across the river. The boys could tell there was a naked girl showing off as she dried herself, but unless they had bionic eyesight, none of them could tell who the girl was, or get a good enough look to (for example) enjoy the sight of her nipples or her pussy.

The exception of course was boys who owned binoculars. As the camp session wore on, more and more boys seemed to acquire binoculars. Where they got them, I have no idea. Maybe they told their parents everyone was bird watching with binoculars, and they wanted to join in? Who knows how they got them, but they did. They indubitably did. It was a lesson: Where there's a will, there's a way. Also, never underestimate the resourcefulness of teenage boys when it comes to sex!

As for me, I was thrilled to the core by my relatively harmless exhibitionism. It gave me a rush like you wouldn't believe! To hell with heroin (and yes, I had indeed tried it once, with Brian Kaplan in my high school), the rush from showing off my young body this way was even better!

No boy was going to cross the wide, and fast flowing creek, to come and molest me in front of all the fellow female campers. I was in much more danger from what was known among some of the campers as the Lesbian League. As it turned out, it was a danger I didn't mind. I turned into a lesbian for a summer, although I still, and always, longed for a boy's touch.

The point is, however, those times when I was showing off my naked body after my morning showers, thrilled me to the core. They made me tingle, got me wet down there, and I suspect might even had led to a small orgasm or two, and all of it without even touching myself in the obvious places.

I also discovered, however, that some exhibitionism that I thought to be harmless, was actually risky. Once the boys got good enough resolution on their binoculars, they could identify the girls who were showing off their naked bodies. They made the classic mistake, thinking that because we weren't shy, we were easy. That is, the five of us girls showing off our bodies were assumed to be sluts.

Well, if there's one thing a teenage boy wants, it's sex with a bonafide girl; any girl. Modesty aside, I was the prettiest of the five of us girls, although Tiffany had the biggest boobs. Only one of us, as it turned out, was a bit of a slut; that was Mary, and boy, did she become popular! The other four of us spent a lot of energy and time politely and delicately avoiding roaming hands.

**

Camp had a profound change in my personality. I became comfortable with my new adult, womanly body. When I was home, I tried to relive the thrills of camp, and I continued my behavior, although the audience was only imaginary. I dressed in my bedroom (with the door closed, of course, since my father or my brothers might have seen me otherwise). I first got naked, and then laid out my possible outfits for the day on the bed.

Each outfit had specially selected lingerie to go underneath it. As I contemplated what to wear, debating with myself between outfits, I stood there naked, pretending people could see me through my window. (I had curtains, but I never drew them closed.) Sometimes I would contemplate for quite some time, as I remained naked, imagining some boys from "across the creek" were watching me. Imagination is a wonderful thing.

Nobody could see me, I thought, except the gardener my father hired. However, he came at 10AM and he would leave when it got dark, or usually before, so he never was a threat to my virtue. The flashing of my nudity was strictly for my own benefit. Behind my window, you see, was a steep hill, nicely landscaped of course, and all I could see out of my window was the steep hill and the greenery it provided.

Never that good at physics, I didn't realize that the houses up the hill a piece, could see down into my room, fairly easily in fact, especially if I stood close to the window. Otherwise, they could see my reflection, via the large vanity mirror I liked to preen in front of.

At night, to the houses up the hill, my room must have resembled a yellow television screen, with a naked high school girl on display, especially when said student stood at the window, looking thoughtfully out into the darkness of the evening.

I suppose it was during those long winter nights that Bob Ferguson got a 35mm camera with a telephoto lens. One day, on the bus to school, he showed me his camera, but not his telephoto lens attachment. He showed it off in some kind of a meaningful way, as if I were supposed to know the significance of him having such a camera. I had no idea. Not a clue. One thing I did know, however, was that I was not a big fan of Bob Ferguson, who struck me as just a tad too freaky.

I did suspect, however, that Bob might have a crush on me, so I was always nice to him. I was that kind of girl, during my teenage years.

Like many teens, I was sexually frustrated. I had enjoyed sex once, so I was not a virgin, but that was when my Uncle Dante had visited us, and he snuck into my room and deflowered me. I should explain. Due to the long period when women are fertile, my Uncle Dante, who was my mother's brother, was only two years older than me. He was a change of life mistake by my maternal grandmother, whom we called Oma. He found me to be a very willing niece, since he was handsome, two years older, and I had had a crush on him since I was eleven years old.

Uncle Dante had insisted on having the lights on in my room, so I could lovingly watch his condom encased cock disappear inside me. I knew where his cock was at all times, however, with or without the lights on, I assure you. I replayed that first fuck in my mind countless times, usually before I went to bed.

To make my maiden fuck even more romantic, Uncle Dante happened to fuck me on Valentine's Day. He fucked me twice that day, and three times the next day, all while parts of my family were in the house. It was truly thrilling to me, and it was a Valentine's Day I'll never forget, as long as I live. I secretly went on the pill after those times with my uncle. Thank goodness for Planned Parenthood!

I also got a Valentine card from "a secret admirer." It was a beautiful card, and it intrigued me. Uncle Dante swore up and down it wasn't from him. I asked my boyfriend Rick, all of my brothers, and my Dad, and nobody would confess to being the sender of my mysterious Valentine card, so I figured it was a prank, most likely from my brother Fabien, but he refused to admit it, and secretly laughed at me together with our other brothers. I forgot about it.

The incest angle was of course troubling. I loved Uncle Dante with all my heart and all my soul, as much as any immature eighteen-year-old girl could love. However, Dante was my uncle, and we were having incest. I knew, therefore, that spending my life with Dante and having his babies was not a realistic possibility. Having protected sex with him, however, was quite realistic, and I enjoyed every fuck that long weekend, and wished we could have fucked even more!

Once Uncle Dante left and returned to college (where I assumed he had a girlfriend), I got a dildo, which I name Dante, and almost every night Dante the Dildo would plunge in and out of my welcoming pussy, pushed by my own hand, just as Uncle Dante himself had once done. Oh yes, it was always with the lights on, too. I wanted the re-creation to be as close to perfect as possible. My other hand played with my boobs, focusing on my nipples, just as Dante himself had done.

I would sit on the bed and face the window when Dante the Dildo would work his magic. I used the window as a mirror, and I had fun watching the dildo plunge into me, as I imagined the boys from across the creek would have enjoyed it, too.

As it turns out, Uncle Dante had a college girlfriend, and even though I adored my uncle, and I loved the kink of incest, I was just a convenient piece of ass for him when he was forced to visit our home for a family get-together. That was hard to come to terms with, but I'm a resilient girl, and as my Dad always said, everyone is replaceable, and no one is essential. He was referring to the employees of his business, of course, not to one's love life, but I took his maxim and applied it to all of my situations, including my romantic life.

**

Bob Ferguson became a renowned photographer at our school. He entered his pictures in contests, and they occasionally won prizes. The local newspaper had nature photography contests from time to time, and Bob would typically get an honorable mention with his photo entry, if he did not win them outright.

Bob would show off his pictures to his friends on the school bus, and quite frankly I was surprised how enthusiastic his friends would get just from pictures of nature. The ecology movement must have been stronger than I thought. I still thought Bob was freaky, but I couldn't help but admire how good he was at photography.

I had no idea Bob was showing the boys in the bus, with me right there sitting several rows closer to the front, pictures of me naked in my bedroom. It certainly explained the smirks I got from the boys, and the way they undressed me with their eyes. It seemed to me at the time that Bob's creepy nature was contagious. In a way, I guess it was.

Things came to a head when Uncle Dante arrived for another visit. I knew he was going to try to seduce me again, and I also knew I was looking forward to it, even if I was just a piece of ass for him. I did have a boyfriend at the time, a sweet, respectful, naïve high school peer named Rick, but I had not yet let Rick go "all the way." Only Uncle Dante enjoyed the privilege of carnal knowledge of my curvy body. I was in love with Rick, nevertheless.

Rick was pressuring me to have sex, real, full blown sex with him, harder than he used to do. I'm sure his newfound confidence and subsequent pressure was due to Bob Ferguson having told everybody I was not a virgin, and that 'he had proof.' To pacify Rick, I let him get me naked for the first time (and not just above the waist), and also, I gave him my first blowjob. (I had already given him countless hand jobs, but I had always kept my panties on.) I'm sure I was lousy at giving blowjobs, but Rick was beyond thrilled. It was his first blowjob, too.

Rick and Bob were casual friends. They were both in the marching band at our high school, and they both played the trumpet, so they had that in common. Apparently, Rick had told Bob about me giving him a blowjob, since boys love to discuss sex, and he was surprised how Bob was constantly urging Rick to get it on with me in my bedroom. Rick thought it strange that Bob seemed to have undertaken a relentless quest for Rick and me to get it on in the Biblical sense. Rick, provoked by Bob's taunts, wanted to see the "proof" he claimed to have that I had already had Biblical sex. Bob stalled him. Instead, Bob came to me. He first showed me the pictures of myself nude that he had taken of me when I was changing clothes in my private bedroom.

In a triumph of will that Leni Riefenstahl would have been proud of, I managed to show neither shock nor even surprise. I stayed outwardly perfectly calm and yet, within my internal bubbling rage, I somehow devised a strategy to deal with Bob and his damnable pictures. On that score, I felt a kinship with the late Princess Diana of British royalty renown.

I think, however, I shocked Bob to the core. From all appearances, it was a heart attack inducing kind of shock. Bob was young and strong, though, and not about to have a heart attack; but it was that kind of shock. I shocked him, to be precise, simply by not being upset with the existence of the pictures. In fact, I was channeling my time at summer camp when I revealed all on the shores of Austin Creek, in Sonoma County, in a redwood forest, near Cazadero, California.

"Bob, I've always thought you had immense talent with photography, but only for photographing nature. These candid shots of me dressing, and more, in my bedroom, however, are spectacular. You not only capture my mood and my sensuality, but I don't look fat, and you even make me look pretty in them. They're amazingly good photos. Good for you. Can I have copies?"

"Are you okay?" was the next utterance out of my mouth. I knew he wasn't expecting a reaction like that from me, all the more so because it was obvious, I should think, that my remarks were genuine. I meant every word. I had forced myself to exist in an alternate universe, or something.

Still, I was enjoying shocking him, the asshole. Peeping on a girl is not an admirable trait.

Bob was maintaining a stunned silence, so I continued.

"Maybe you'd take even better pictures up close? You could sneak into our backyard and take them from just outside my bedroom window? Let me know, and maybe I could pose for you? Would you like that? I could pose with my dildo, too, if you like? Or would posing destroy the Peeping Tom high you're getting? You're a bit of a pervert, you know, and kind of a creepy one," I proclaimed.

Bottom line: Bob having secretly taken those pictures of me, good as they were, was turning me on, something fierce. I was hoping Bob couldn't tell. Now, it seems, I was no longer so sure my carnal instincts could wait for Uncle Dante's next visit.

Bob finally spoke a bit, and he said, rather quietly, "There's more."

I figured he had to have seen me getting it on with my uncle, and since he had bragged he had proof I wasn't a virgin, it didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out he had photos of Uncle Dante and me in flagrante delicto. I really wanted to see those, given the high quality of the photos so far.

So, in a brief spasm of reckless courage, I said, "Do you have extra photos taken of me having sex? I mean with someone else, not just with my dildo?"

I had developed a habit of getting myself off, on the edge of the bed, facing the window, which at night and with my lights on, served as a mirror so I could watch myself. This had unwittingly provided some rather spectacular X-rated shows for Bob and his telephoto lens. Bob doubtless had pictures of me suppressing noise with my hand over my mouth, as I drove myself to climaxes with Dante the Dildo, night after night after night.

I began to think I had a Narcissus complex, in love with how I looked in the window's mirror effect, together with how I appeared in great pictures, even if the pictures were humiliating, but sexy as hell.

"Yes," Bob replied.

"Well, let's see them. C'mon, Bob," I said, as he hesitated. Not surprisingly, his photos of Uncle Dante fucking me were great. I mean, they were Playboy and Penthouse quality. Unsurprisingly, he also had a short video of us having sex, suitable for You Porn.

"This one is my favorite," Bob said.

The photo was of Uncle Dante and me copulating, but with me sitting on Dante, my boobs were bouncing around in a manner Bob called 'delicious,' as I rose up and down, with Dante's hands on my hips. You could actually see Dante's cock partly inside me. There was absolutely no question, from that photo alone, that I wasn't a virgin.

"Fantastic picture, Bob," I said. "I want copies of everything, please. Oh yeah; please don't show them around, okay? I prefer that Rick not learn of them, nor my parents, you know?"

"I understand, Angela. Hey, would you like to see my studio?" Bob asked.

"You have a studio?" I asked, surprised.

"Yes, it's in my parents' basement, but it's nicely done up. I hope to take professional portraits. Maybe you could pose for me there?"

"Fully clothed, right?" I asked. "I'm not in any danger with you, right?"

"Of course. However you want to pose is fine. I think you're beautiful and your beauty will always shine through. I'd love to take glamour shots of you, if you're willing."

I began to like Bob. A guy who thinks I'm beautiful and wants to capture my beauty in pictures? Who wouldn't like a guy like that? Also, to my happy surprise, he wasn't trying to extort anything from me, due to his having such compromising pictures of me. Any girl, myself included, would be horrified to have nude photos circulating among all the boys at school.

Perhaps I should elaborate about my Uncle Dante. I like calling Dante 'Uncle Dante,' since it re-inscribes how perverse it is to have an uncle just two years older than myself. Dante is the brother of my mother, and he was obviously a change of life accident; an unexpected pregnancy of his mother, who was 47 when he was born!

Dante was raised by the whole family, except for my own mother. She was the oldest, and she was away in college during Dante's infancy. By the time Dante was two, my own mother was pregnant with me. Dante and I grew up almost like brother and sister, until my Dad got a new (and better paid) job and we moved a few hundred miles away from the ancestral family home.

**

I decided to bring a girlfriend to Bob's proposed photo shoot, for protection, because I did not completely trust Bob. I knew he had been planning to blackmail me for money or sex with the pictures he took, but I had bamboozled him with my unexpected praise and enthusiasm. He was still, nevertheless, a peeper and a pervert, and not a man to be trusted.

Ever since I became aware of Bob Ferguson peeping on me, I closed my drapes when I changed clothes. He had enough compromising pictures of me already! He didn't need more. I needed to keep him happy, though, because in this digital age, one is only one Internet post away from scandal and public humiliation. Also, Bob is the type of guy who would have the pictures backed up in every cloud imaginable, so even if he deleted them right in front of me, I would never know if he was deleting all the copies, or not.

In the meantime, there was Rick. Yes, Rick. Rick really liked me and he had been pursuing me since the ninth grade. I was kind of an idée fixe for him, an obsession. His persistence won the day, and since everyone 'knew' I was Rick's girl, the other guys smiled at me, and were friends with me, but romantically they left me alone.

I didn't mind, however, since Rick was great! He was perfect for me in every way, and having a guy around all the time who adores you, when you're young and insecure (and all of us girls are insecure, no matter how pretty guys think we are), having someone like Rick looking out for you, protecting you, and showering you with affection, well, it has its effect!

So, even though I gave my precious cherry to Uncle Dante, Rick was my 'one and only,' even if, obviously, he had to share me with Uncle Dante. He didn't even know about my ongoing (I hope!) affair with Uncle Dante. I decided putting out for Uncle Dante, and not for Rick, was unfair; so, unbeknownst to Rick, I decided he was about to get lucky.

I also knew that for Uncle Dante, as I said before, I was just a piece of ass for convenience, for him to get laird while visiting relatives, while for Rick, I was his whole world, and then some. Bizarrely, both situations appealed to me.

I didn't want my first time with Rick to be in his car, so I wanted to reserve a room somewhere. To do that, I needed a credit card, and my credit card bills went to my Dad, so that was a non-starter. I explained this to my Uncle Dante, asking if he could reserve a hotel room for me. He became furious, and I saw the ugly side of my uncle for the first time. So, a hotel room was out.

When the time came, I had a wonderful date with Rick, and at the end of the date I suggested we go to Cherry Hill. A lot of teens went there to make out, and a fair number of my friends had lost their cherries in the back seats of cars on Cherry Hill. We used to joke that was how it got its name.

The local police usually left us alone, unless they were horny and wanted to see some teenage boobs. I was hoping this wasn't one of those nights. Rick and I were making out hot and heavy, in the back seat of his father's extended cab F-150, when the moment came.

"I love you, Rick. Would you like a blow job, or do you want to make love?" I asked, while suggestively sucking on my finger.

Rick was shocked, but he recovered quickly and smiled. "I love you too, Angela," was all he said. Rick never was that verbal. Strong and silent, that's my Rick. He pulled off my panties and spread my legs, seeing my not-quite-virginal pussy for the first time.

I'd like to say Rick was only the second (after Uncle Dante) to see it, but there was Bob, too, with all of his pictures, not to mention the boys across the creek at summer camp.

I still didn't know if Bob had shown those X-rated pictures around. I knew by now every guy I knew in my high school had seen pictures of me nude in my bedroom, but Bob had close-ups of my pussy, and even some with Dante the Dildo inside me. I was with Rick now, however, and I pushed Bob from my mind, and concentrated on the wonderful guy poised and ready to fuck me.

Rick seemed to know what he was doing, which surprised me. I knew a lot of guys used Internet porn as a sex ed class on what to do when the time came with a willing girl, so maybe that was how Rick knew so much, but in any event he did. He raised my naked legs in the air, got between them, kissed me, and then poked around with his cock, looking, but not finding, my sacred hole. Uncle Dante had had no trouble finding my hole, but he was experienced, I was sure.

I reached down, found Rick's cock (which was not hard to do; it seemed to be everywhere!), and guided it to my hole. That was all that was needed. Rick took the plunge. It was unclear who was more excited, Rick or me. Rick was finally laying me, his adolescent wet dream coming true, at last! I, on the other hand, was looking over Rick's shoulder at Scott Stone, who was perving on our little show, and smiling knowingly at me.

I winked at Scott, but turned my attention to Rick fucking me, the first time for Rick, and only the seventh for me. It was awesome. I realized with Dante, I had lust for him, and excitement for me, plus the turn-on that it was incest, and totally taboo! With Rick, on the other hand, it was wholesome sex. With Rick, we were making love. I was making love for the first time! The excitement of the first time with Rick, however, was greatly augmented by having, unawares to Rick, a peeper watching us through the window of Rick's father's truck. I was so turned on!

Of course, the fact that we were in a teenagers' make-out spot was a super-duper turn on, since Scott Stone himself was peeping on us! Someday, somehow, I will have private sex, with nobody watching, assuming I even want that. It just wasn't going to be this time. I had heard, from the other girls, ie, my friends, that the first time, boys don't last long. It's just too intense for them, and sure enough, in what seemed like less than a minute, maybe only 30 seconds, Rick emptied his balls into the rubber.

Rick was embarrassed, and apologetic, for not having lasted long. I lied, saying it was wonderful nevertheless, and let's wait until he's hard, and try again. Scott was gone when Rick opened the door to drop his condom onto the ground.

I had gone on the pill after Uncle Dante had fucked me bareback, which was like closing the barn door after the horse had bolted, but because I had done that, I told Rick, "I went on the pill for you, so if you want, next time you can skip the condom."

Rick's face lit up in a smile. His cock stirred.

"Ooh, nice," I said. I took his cock in my hand, and lovingly tugged at it, encouraging it to once again become erect. I felt as if I had magical powers as Rick's flaccid cock gradually stiffened up before my eyes, presumably due to the loving caresses of my hands, but probably due to the promise of intense pleasure another round with my welcoming pussy afforded. After it stiffened, it began to harden. I felt pride. Rick was playing with my boobs as I tugged on his cock, and even better, Scott was back, peeping in through the window.

Even though Rick's cock was covered with his spunk and my love juice from our first fuck, I overcame my repulsion and took Rick's cock into my mouth, to speed up his recovery. The real reason was, however, to show Scott that I could suck cock as well as anyone. I guess I love having an audience.

My need to impress Scott Stone bears a little elaboration. Scott had always been on my case. He thinks I'm an ice queen and don't put out. Compared to the crowd Scott hangs out with, there's some truth to that statement. Quite a few girls in my high school are just a tad easy with their sexual favors, and I know from reliable gossip, that Scott has laid every one of them. Again, this is according to gossip, which naturally I believe completely.

Scott came after me last summer, when Rick was out of town, on a vacation with his family. Unfortunately, Scott is irresistible. Every girl in my high school has a crush on him, and I felt really flattered that Scott was coming after me. Yes, I really was that vacuous a girl back in high school. I succumbed to his charms, but only partially. Scott managed to be the first boy to get me completely naked, and he wanted to profit from that achievement by taking my cherry.

When I refused to put out for Scott, and since he was not a date rape kind of guy, all he could do was express his displeasure. I tried to dispel things, and salvage what I thought we had together. I had thought getting me naked was kind of enough to keep him interested, but I was wrong. I pacified him with a hand job, but Scott wanted a blowjob. I was not ready to do something like that, even if I knew every other girl on the planet gave them right and left, as if they were candy. We compromised and I let him squirt all over my boobs at the end of my hand job.

I knew on our next date he'd expect a blowjob, but luckily, Rick's family returned early, and Scott Stone was history. I thought it was fine, because he hooked up with Emily, and (according to the gossip mill) she gave him blowjobs and also, even more impressively, she put out for him. This was quite something, because Emily was one of the "good girls," like me, and Scott took her cherry on only their second date.

Given this history, I was quite pleased that our voyeur, Scott Stone, had seen Rick fuck me, and was now watching me blow him, preliminary to our second fuck. It was worth it all, because Rick's second fuck was spectacular, and we rocked the car, and at the end there were my footprints on the headliner of his parents' Kia Sonata. It felt so good to be filled up with Rick's cum. And Scott got to watch it all, the dirty peeper, hee, hee.

**

Bob was not going to let me get away without giving him something, to stop him from circulating his pictures of me. He didn't know Dante was my uncle, but nevertheless it would be highly shameful if the picture of Dante fucking me were to circulate in our high school. Bob would do it by putting it up on the web and giving a few guys the URL, and then in a New York minute, everyone would see me naked and fucking my uncle. No way could I let that happen.

I tried to forestall it as long as I could, but Bob kept after me to pose for him in his studio, and finally I had no choice but to relent, and to do it. I dressed for my first official photo shoot. My best friend Michelle came over to give me clothing and -- especially -- make-up advice. I wore a white, see through blouse with a camisole underneath it, and a lace, black bra below the camisole. I wore a royal blue tight skirt, that showed off my bubble butt quite nicely, and I wore panties of black lace that matched my bra.

Michelle used her considerable cosmetic skills to give me a face like one I could get at a fancy department store, where they try to sell you the latest products of Chanel and give you a make-up session as a kind of incentive. Michelle has real talent. I also asked her to come with me to Bob's. That way I had some protection, or so I thought.

Bob loved the way I looked, and he offered us a drink to "get in the mood." He spiked both of our drinks with ecstasy, unknown to us. Next, he took an entire set of pictures, giving the ecstasy time to have its effect on Michelle and me. During this first shoot, I had to move and twist every which way. Then he said he wanted to take sexy pictures. That surprised no one. Absolutely nobody.

I felt I had no choice, and I blame my compliance on the ecstasy. He had me remove my camisole, so one could see my bra through my transparent blouse. He took a few pictures, and then he wanted me to remove my bra, but to keep on my blouse. That way my boobs would be visible through my blouse. I knew he'd want that, which is why Michelle and I chose that blouse. Had we chosen a thin sweater, for example, I'd be topless at this point.

Effectively, however, I was topless, since only a transparent blouse was giving me modesty, as far as my tits were concerned. I was beginning to get turned on. So was Michelle. I thought it was strange, but I went with the flow. It's only pictures, right?

It began. Bob reached under my blouse to tease my nipples to get them erect and hard. I couldn't help it, but a little moan escaped my lips when Bob did that. I was hoping nobody noticed, since it was so soft and subtle. Bob and Michelle both noticed, however. Of course, they noticed. Bob and Michelle looked at each other.

Michelle said, "Go for it, Bob."

"Michelle!" I said, feeling betrayed.

"You know, her panties match her bra," Michelle said, and in no time at all, or so it seemed, my skirt left my body, and I was sitting there in my bra and panties. Bob had me take all sorts of poses, quite a few of which were, shall we say, suggestive? Now I was clearly aroused, and could not hide it. I think I was giving off a pheromone smell, or something.

"Okay, that's enough. I've got a great set of photos. Thanks a lot, both of you," Bob said.

I gave Bob a big smile, I was so grateful that it was over and without any sex, even though, strangely, I seemed to want sex, just not with Bob! I began to get dressed, smiling constantly, when Bob stopped me.

"What are you doing, Angela?" he asked.

"Getting dressed, obviously. You said we were done, and you just thanked me, remember?" I said, not bothering to hide that I was just a bit incredulous at his question, which seemed accusatory.

"We're done with the photo shoot, but there's still the matter of you, or you and Michelle if you prefer, taking care of my boner," Bob said, as he finished removing his pants, revealing quite a spectacular erection. "You really turn me on, Angela."

"Uh...this wasn't part of our deal," I said, but I couldn't take my eyes off of his thick, hard, cock.

"Of course, it was, and you knew it," Bob said, as he took my head in his hands and kissed me.

I thought about it quickly. I had fucked my Uncle Dante, and I had fucked Rick, all within the last few months. Could I also fuck Bob? It was totally different: with Uncle Dante, I had had a crush on him since, well, forever. I loved him. With Rick, well he was my boyfriend, and it was expected of me. Besides, I think I also kinda, sorta, loved Rick. I knew Rick loved me. Bob, however, was just a creep. I knew I'd be unable to fuck a creep like Bob. It was totally different.

On the other hand, Bob's cock looked quite tempting, just then. I'd been aroused by the photo shoot for the last two hours, and my pussy was good and wet. I looked over at Michelle. She gave me that raised eyebrow look she has. Michelle was not only a good friend, but she was wise.

"Let me talk to Michelle. In private, okay, Bob?" I said.

Michelle and I, well, mostly Michelle, laid out a plan. Bob ended up happy.

**

I went to college out of state. I never saw Bob again, which was a good thing in my book. Michelle kept dating him, and they stayed together for two years. Michelle is a size queen you see, and Bob was, well, big where it counts. Bob was enthralled with her, because she was the one he fucked that night, and it was his first fuck ever, and he could not get enough of Michelle. Bob forgot all about me, and his risqué pictures. He took pictures of Michelle, all sorts of pictures. Pictures of Michelle dressed and looking pretty, and pictures of Michelle topless and looking pretty, and pictures of her nude, and still looking pretty. They were always tasteful, too.

I had boyfriends while at college, but nothing really clicked. Uncle Dante dropped in from time to time, and that was fun. In fact, my times with Uncle Dante are the best sexual memories I have of my college years. I did see my peeper Scott Stone from time to time. It was a mild surprise that he went to Purdue, too. Scott and I became friends, and eventually I even told him where I thought my boyfriend of the moment would take me for backseat sex, so that he could peep on us.

When it was a visit from Uncle Dante, since Scott lived off campus, we would use Scott's room for our hanky-panky. Scott had a one-way mirror, so he could easily watch the entire love session of me with my uncle. Dante never even suspected; he just knew I was turned on in the extreme when we used Scott's room. Scott of course didn't know Dante was my uncle.

I know it's perverse to arrange to be peeped on, as I did, but Scott and I had an understanding. I don't know what was in it for Scott, but my orgasms were much more intense when someone was secretly watching, all the more so when that someone was Scott. I began to realize I was a specialized exhibitionist. I liked showing off for Scott, but not for anyone else, at least not that much.

As I've recounted already, Scott and I had some history. He had dated me in high school briefly every time Rick was out of town, and I knew he really wanted to have sex with me. All he got from me though, was a really nice hand job. I let him squirt all over my boobs. One time, however, after I had broken up with Liam, one of my many casual boyfriends, Scott asked me out.

We went out a few times, and we reminisced about my hand job from back when we were in high school. Well, we were older now, and I still liked Scott, so this time he got a blowjob. I always find it amazing how thrilled a guy can be with a blowjob. I mean, they're easy to give, and if you like the guy, it's kind of fun giving one. And if you swallow (as I do), they're less messy than a hand job, and for some obscure reason, more thrilling to the guy.

The one catch is the issue of deep throating the guy. It's not at all necessary; I became quite skilled, and I was able to give one hell of a blow job without deep throating. However, Scott happens to be both long and thick, and ironically perfect for Michelle. I tried hard to please him, and you know what? Just before Uncle Dante came to town, I successfully deep throated Scott. Scott then graciously let Dante and me fuck in his room (I had a roommate in my room, and back seats of cars were getting old), while he peeped, of course.

Perhaps it was inevitable. After watching Dante, my mysterious boyfriend from out of state, fuck my brains out, Scott knew that, at least for Dante, I put out. When Scott next dated me, we both knew he wasn't going to be satisfied with just a blowjob. I had to decide: Was I ready to go all the way with Scott Stone? He had seen the two big loves of my life, Rick and Uncle Dante, both of them, fuck me; could I satisfy Scott with just blowjobs?

The problem was this: I love Uncle Dante, and I loved spending time with him, but even though he was perfect for me, he was my freaking uncle!! There was no future in Dante, except as an occasional illicit lover, on the side. That left Rick. I felt I almost loved Rick, and I enjoyed the sex a lot, but it wasn't exciting, like it was for Dante, unless of course Scott was watching.

I had to parse things. Was sex with Uncle Dante so good because it was incest, and taboo? Was sex with Rick so good because Scott was watching? I thought long and hard, and came to be the conclusion that the answers were yes to both questions!

That left the question: Did I need some extra thrill to make the sex really good? Was that how I was going to choose a potential life partner? Was sex that important? The answer was no, it wasn't key that the sex be wonderful; if the man himself was wonderful, good sex was enough. Still, the big question, for me, was could I ever have over the top wonderful sex without these extra props of incest, or being watched? It was an interesting question.

My first test was with Rick. We did the deed in a spot with a high risk of being caught. We weren't caught, but the sex was over the top. I concluded risk was enough; we didn't really need a voyeur. That was encouraging.

There was a final step. Scott wanted sex, and I had fallen for Scott, big time. Rick and I were dating less frequently, as my affection for Scott grew exponentially fast, and my love for Rick withered away on the vine. Rick began to date Mary Beth, and that doomed out relationship.

I heard that Mary Beth not only sucked and fucked her dates, but she let them do her in the ass. Rick was infatuated with her. I was not going to put out for Rick after he had taken Mary Beth up her ass. Rick became history. The worst part of it all is that Rick didn't even seem to care.

I wanted a guy to be upset if I dumped him, especially if I had been giving him everything he wanted! Rick should have been emotionally destroyed, or at least damaged, that I was gone from his romantic life. Losing me as his love, or at least his sexual partner, should have been akin to the burning of the library of Alexandria.

It wasn't. Rick was so infatuated with Mary Beth, that he seemed to be nonplussed that he and I were finished. He ran to Mary Beth and took out his emotions, if he had any, on her sweet body. I was left wondering what had happened to our relationship, even if it was I who had ended it. I felt easily replaceable, just as my dear father's maxim predicted I would be. Maxim aside, it was nevertheless depressing.

On the other hand, I was free of Rick, and free to see other men! Scott just happened to drop over during all this, and he invited me to dinner and a movie. You've got to love a man with timing like that!

**

A year passed, and I received another Valentine card, a really pretty one, from 'a secret admirer.' It was identical to the one I had received senior year of high school. At the same time, I had a Valentine's Day date with Scott. Scott made an effort, and he drove me down to Indianapolis for a romantic dinner, and we then went to the art theater there, since he knew I loved European, American, Korean, and Japanese art movies.

We ended up at Scott's apartment, making out on his bed, with the famous one-way mirror on the wall, right next to us. It was that mirror Scott would hide behind to watch Dante and me do the deed. "Since you're right here with me, you can't be behind the mirror. I guess you can't have everything," I teased.

"True, and I know how that turned out on, to have me watching," Scott said.

"Right you are," I confessed, for the first time.

Scott then entered me. He didn't fuck me; he made love to me. It was a perfect fuck, and I realized as he fucked me, that it was the first perfect fuck of my life. There was no incest, no voyeur, it was just Scott and me, and it was wonderful.

"Scott, I love you," I said, as he pumped away.

"I've always loved you, sweet Angela," Scott said, as he gave me a particularly strong thrust.

"What about all those other girls you laid in high school, and now in college?" I asked.

"They were fun, and practice so that I could give you my best," Scott the romantic said.

"Did any of them give you an STD?" I asked, as Scott fucked me hard, making me gasp with pleasure. Scott didn't answer my eros-killing question, he just fucked me without mercy and drove me to a spectacular orgasm.

**

We continued fucking in Scott's bedroom every Friday and Saturday night for the rest of the year. Just after winter vacation, Scott asked me, "Do you ever imagine someone behind the mirror, watching us fuck, and wishing he were me, or she were you?" It was getting close to Valentine's Day, again,

"What are you saying, Scott?" I asked.

"Well, would it freak you out if one of our friends was behind that mirror, tonight, watching us as we make love?" he asked.

This took me by surprise. I thought only Scott went into the small, dark space to watch. Now he was suggesting other people might be watching. My pussy tingled. "Have people been watching us, Scott?" I said, horrified at the idea, and yet at the same time, aroused.

"Not yet. I've been waiting for Valentine's Day," he said.

"Who would it be?" I asked.

"Someone you know," he replied.

"You're not going to tell me?" I asked. I knew he was not; I knew Scott all too well, at this point.

"Someone I trust," Scott said.

I never did find out who peeped on us that Valentine evening, as Scott drove me to heaven with his cock. It was just after he shot his load inside me, however, and I had the climax of all climaxes, that Scott proposed. When I said yes, whoever it was behind the mirror applauded. I never did find out who it was!

I always wondered, whoever it had been watching us, if he or she had attended our wedding, enjoying the memory of our naked coupling as Scott and I said our vows. It was the most amazing Valentine's Day present a girl like me could have received.

**

Several years later, as I was lost in my own world checking Facebook while sipping coffee in a café, Bob Ferguson found me. It was the first time I'd seen him since the wedding. I was happy to see him, and instantly asked about Michelle. I was pleased to hear they were still happily married, and I confirmed my ongoing marital bliss to Bob. After those relatively standard formalities, we began to discuss our friends in common, and we inevitably drifted back to our high school times.

Bob managed the impossible, and I was impressed. He managed to ask me, delicately, if I still enjoyed exhibitionism, and he confessed his unrelenting attraction to being a voyeur. Indeed, he only rented apartments in New York (where we both lived and worked) if the prospects were good for peeping on some women in various states of undress.

"Old habits die hard," I quipped.

"Well, it's because of you I have the habit," he replied.

"Because of me?"

"Don't be coy, Angela. You flashed all the boys at summer camp after your morning showers, and more than a few of us developed crushes on you. That time you went braless in the dining tent still lives in my memory. Then when you followed up in your bedroom ..."

I cut him off. "Okay, okay," I said. "You've made your point. You know how it is when you're young; those days were long ago."

"They were fun, though, weren't they?" Bob asked.

"Yes," I admitted, "They were fun."

"Say, whatever happened to that stud who was always coming to town to lay you, back in the day?" Bob asked.

"He was Dante," I said, and I almost slipped up and said, "Uncle Dante."

"Yeah, what happened to Dante?"

"Oh, he's around. I see him from time to time, mostly at family functions," I stupidly, stupidly said. Bob is nobody's fool, and I could actually watch the mischief entering his eyes.

"He's your cousin, isn't he!" Bob said, and it wasn't a question. "You had incest with your cousin? Angela, you little minx!"

"No, he's just a friend of the family. It's a long and complicated story," I said.

"Tell me, we have time," Bob said.

"I'd rather not," I replied, as my mind went into overdrive. I ended up telling him a long and convoluted story about how our family and Dante's were friends, and it finally exhausted both Bob and myself.

Bob had a strange look on his face. I felt he had been undressing me in his mind as I recounted my long, fabricated story of Dante, my occasional incestuous lover, but there was something else he was remembering, something for the life of me I couldn't figure out.

Suddenly, I began to wonder. I had told my hubbie Scott about how Bob had peeped on me in high school, and how it led to him and Michelle hooking up and later marrying. Scott gave me the third degree, wanting to know if Bob ever extorted sex from me, due to the pictures he had, and no doubt still has to this day.

I denied it repeatedly, but finally, I had to admit it. Bob extorted a date from me. At the end of the date he drove us to Cherry Hill, and since it was a weekday, he had me alone in the traditional teen make-out spot. Many a girl had been deflowered at Cherry Hill; it was practically a tradition.

Bob quickly undressed me to the point I was naked in the backseat, and in exchange for never revealing his pictures of me, ever, I caved, and gave my body to him. I didn't tell Scott, but what Michelle had told me was true: Bob was a sexual Don Juan. It was the best sex of my life, and still is, to this day.

After I confessed about my shameful deed back in the day, I asked again who it was who was watching us consummate our marriage? After all, the applause of the anonymous voyeur turned me on to such an extent that I practically raped Scott for a second post marital consummation. My orgasm, spurred on by having an anonymous voyeur, was over the top.

"Please?" I asked Scott.

"No, I promised never to tell," he replied.

"I just confessed to you how the evil Bob Ferguson extorted sex from me, back in high school! You can at least tell me who the voyeur on our wedding night was," I said.

Scott looked at me thoughtfully. "Our wedding night voyeur told me he had always had a crush on you, but he wished us happiness, since thanks to you he had found the love of his life," Scott said, and that was enough. I knew. I finally knew who it was who applauded, from behind the one-way mirror as we consummated our marriage.

"Thanks, Scott," I said, and we kissed.
