hi this is alpesh from surat .i m writting it the
first time so dont mind anything . if anyone wanting
to conatct me write to .now
without wasting time i m starting the story. i had a
friend called vijay and he had a sis (kiran).she was
elder to us but had a great figure . i used to go
daily a their place cause i and vijay studied
together. once we had gone for a trip to panchmadi.

along with my family their family had also come. we
were daily going for some safari overthere she daily
wore a hot pant which is showing half the thigh. i
tried touching her in some or the other way . once we
had to go to a waterfall and it was place where we did
not have to go up but go down and it long way walk
with only trees and bushes around u. our parents were
walking fast and the myself and vijay were walking
after them and back of us kiran. suddenly she called
me and told she had forgotten something back and had
to go so i made a offer to go with her and she agreed.
so me and her went back to her things while coming it
started raining and she really felt scared cause it
was a jungle and it was thundering. she got trend with
the rain and now i could she her hard nipples coming
out of her t-shirt..

i was felling like fucking her there itself but was
scared. but then i tought pissing i told her to move
forward i will just piss and come but as she was
scared she did not move asked me to piss there only. i
told her i can not piss in front of u. she said why
cant u when u r able to stare at my hard on nipples
why cant u so then i understood her intension and just
kept lips on her. she did not mind so i started to
fold her boobs which were of 38d size. she also sarted
to ouch my dick over my pants. we kissed each other
for 5 min and started to get naked in some bushes . i
told i wanted to piss but she told me to piss in her
mouth and so i did and along with the piss she started
to suck my dick i never felt she would be such a wore.


she kept on sucking and then we started to fuck . she
asked me to fuck her in different ways but as i was
new to this ia sked to show me and seeing i tought she
must have practiced a lot with others so i asked her.
she told me in her college she has fucked her peon a
teacher and many students. i could not belive this .
she was fucking hard and instead i could not control
the pain. instead of me fucking her she fucked me in
different ways. after a long time i told her enough
but as she was not satisfied she lept fucking i told
her stop it was hurting but she kept fucking me . she
tied my hands with some bushes and started hitting my
dickwith a stick it hurt me so much but she kept
hitting me .

after sometime she told me hit her ass with that stick
i did not know what she was upto but i stared to hit
her but she asked me to hit her hard so i started and
she really enjoyed how much ever hard i hit her. then
we wore r clothes and went to the waterfall. after the
trip she was married to nd nri so i did not get andy
chance but anyone wanting to enjoy mail me

