Audrey's Game Night
by Dominic_DeCoco

Audrey's Game Night Pt. 03

Shy wife’s embarrassing punishment drives her mad.

RECAP

I thought about why I was agreeing to let the room torment me so. I thought about how before tonight only my husband, Tim, had ever seen me naked, let alone known about my humiliation kink. Now his two closest friends and their two beautiful wives had discovered my secret and used it against me, and the worst part was that despite the unimaginable embarrassment I felt, I was enjoying it.

The night began rather innocently with some wine and a somewhat provocative game night. During some charades I flashed my plump yoga-fit ass to the group, then a round later revealed I had a humiliation kink. This led to some devious planning by Ann, one of the wives.

She managed to convince me to bet everything I had during a game of strip poker, and from then on, I felt a burning desire to be controlled, humiliated, punished. After being stripped completely nude and eating out the other wife, Sarah, I was made the plaything of a new game they invented.

Essentially, they'd bring me to the brink of orgasm until I was begging for it, then I'd pick a piece of paper at random. Each paper was written by a different participant and contained a different embarrassing instruction. If I successfully did it, the person who wrote it would strip down and finally make me cum for the ultimate finale of the night.

The game had led to me shoving a vibrator in my ass and standing nude on the side of my street for ten minutes. However, I quickly learned that no matter how successful I was at the task, the group was going to vote that I didn't do it well enough, meaning I'd have to pull another piece of paper. So, there I was, trapped in an endless game of edging, embarrassment, and torment.

*****

After they told me I had failed, I knew what I had to do. I climbed back on the table and spread my legs wide. I arched my tailbone even more this time which allowed the audience on the couch to see my asshole and vagina. I'm sure they could tell how wet I was after just being put on display for the college boys that drove by.

While I was thinking about the compromising situation I was so willingly putting myself in, a familiar shock returned between my legs, but this time it felt a tad different. Whereas the previous rounds Ann used the vibrator on me, this time I felt her cold fingertips slide against my sex. I yelped at the change of sensation which made the crowd giggle.

Her pristinely painted and gelled nails pushed on my labia while her actual skin found my clit with no problem. As soon as she pressed my button, I could tell how swollen I was. This would be the fourth time I nearly reached orgasm tonight, so every part of me was enflamed and begging for relief.

He fingers moved in a circular motion, which made the waves of pleasure spin inside me. I felt my insides shake with joy, thinking that soon I'd get to release the tension that was tormenting every inch of me, but like usual, the pleasure built and built before I let out an exhale prepping to cum and Ann stopped.

Once again, I couldn't stop myself from whining as my body begged for more. I opened my eyes and saw Ann holding the bowl out in front of me. I could barely think straight, so I operated on muscle memory and pulled a paper.

I thought I had gotten the worst ones out of the way, but somehow this topped everything thus far, in a new way.

"What does it say, darling?" Ann said.

I tried to move my lips but couldn't produce the words. Tim noticed and came to my side. When I felt his familiar presence next to me, I leaned my trembling weight onto him. He supported my limp body with his chest and took the card from my hands. I heard the words out loud and shuttered at what I had to do next.

"Draw two more pieces of paper and do them at the same time." Tim finally read my torment out loud.

Fuck. I had barely been able to handle each one of the two torments I had done so far, how was I going to do two more. Then I thought about how there were only five people participating in my torture: Tim, Ann, Darren, John, and Sarah. If I had already done two, then pulled this one and had to do two more, that was every card in the bowl.

"Looks like everyone gets to see little miss humiliation carry out their tasks tonight." Sarah said with a devilish grin.

I suspected that she was the one who had put in the two-for-one special that was about to make my night so much worse.

"Since there are only two papers left, why don't the ones who wrote them come up and read them to everyone." Tim suggested.

That meant that Tim's paper was one I had already done. I wondered which it was and quickly realized it must've been the anal one, seeing as Tim always wanted to do butt stuff but I'd never fully let him. After Tim's suggestion, Darren walked up and grabbed his paper out of the bowl. Much to my dismay, Ann grabbed the other piece.

Ann and Darren were by far the most sexual couple and if everything I had done so far was the tamest of the bunch, I was terrified to learn what I'd have to do in unison. Darren unfolded his piece of paper and read it.

"Cover yourself in as much semen as possible." He said with a satisfied grin.

That little pervert. The fact that it said "as much as possible" meant I couldn't get away with just Tim's cum painting my perfect body. I nearly burst into tears when it dawned on me that John and Darren would have to cum on me as well. I saw John's face light up as he realized it too. Darren and I looked at Tim, expecting an objection, but to my sadness, we found nothing but an approving nod.

I instinctively listened to what I had to do. My body yearned for an orgasm and as much as I wanted this to be over, I knew I was enjoying the attention. I laid back on the table, sprawling my body out with my small tits and erect nipples pointing to the sky.

"Aw, she's such a good girl, she's ready for everyone to jizz on her. Honey, did you forget you have to do two this time around?" Ann said in that Greek goddess accent.

I did forget. My thighs shook when I was reminded of that fact. I tilted my head in time to see Ann open her card.

"Live chat with strangers when you finally climax." She said.

Oh no. So far, my torment was contained to this night, with these people(minus the college boys from outside) but now I'd be showing more of the world how much of a begging slut I was. My insides twisted in a knot, but so did my pussy. Just the thought of extending this humiliation burned my sex in new ways that made me vibrate on the table. I almost orgasmed at the sound of Ann's voice.

*****

The group broke off to discuss how to go about this next task. After what felt like an eternity, they returned and explained my fate to me. There was an anonymous video chatting website called AllChat. It was like Chat Roulette or Omegle, except instead of being matched with one person, you'd be put in a chat room with up to 20 people.

They told me I'd have to get in a chat room while the boys stood offscreen. After I was in a room with a decent amount of people, the men would jack off onto me one by one until I resembled a Jackson Pollock painting. Then, Ann would reach her hand into frame so that she wasn't visible, and she'd use the vibrator to finish me off.

Tim explained everything to me while everyone else listened. Hearing my sweet husband explain such a devious plan gave me butterflies. I could feel my crotch burn and beg for the bulge that had been in his pants since we started my little show.

Then something dawned on me. There were no more cards, and I was essentially doing three at once. If I refused or couldn't complete this one, what would happen since there were no more pieces of paper to draw?

"What if I don't want to, or I fail halfway through." I mumbled.

Practically before the last word even left my lips, I felt Ann's hands wrap around my waist. She spun me around with force and I landed on my tummy with a smack against the table. The force of being thrown hurt, but I didn't have any time to think about it.

WHAM! Ann slammed the palm of her hand down onto my ass. It was a familiar feeling but this time I sensed rage behind it. As if she was enjoying tormenting me so much that my slight objection actually angered her. The idea of her motives turned me as the second spank came down. I whimpered. She leaned into my ear.

"If you're not a good girl, I'm sure we can find something else to do." She growled into my ear.

Her command over me actually struck fear inside my body. The fear melted down my torso and suddenly it only added to my arousal. Everything someone did to belittle me only made me want to be controlled more.

"Here's the laptop. It's already on the website, she just has to click 'join'" John said as he set it down on the couch.

That's when I realized I wouldn't be on the table for this, I'd be on the floor. I started to scoot toward the edge of the table when suddenly I lost control of my movement. Sarah and Ann had hooked their arms under my knees and grabbed my shoulders. They lifted me off the table with ease, brought me to the laptop, and lowered me to the floor.

Again, being manhandled by two beautiful women only made my pussy throb even harder. I wasn't in a chatroom yet but the webcam was on and the screen displayed the feed. For the first time tonight, I saw myself. My creamy skin was flushed with a harsh pink. Maybe from the embarrassment, arousal, pain, or exhaustion. Probably all of the above.

Goosebumps covered every inch of my body and I saw my legs spread wide. My enflamed pussy was visibly wet. I was so vulnerable, I looked week and helpless which only made my orgasm creep closer. I was jittering a bit. I felt my clit asking to be played with.

My adoration of myself was cut short when the three men took their positions around me. Being on the floor, all three of them towered over me with their waists just above my head. Tim went first with shedding his lower half. Finally I got to see the erection that had been hiding all evening.

He pulled his pants and underwear down together and his 7" cock sprung out as soon as it was free. I had never seen it so big and firm. It hugged his belly tightly, too rigid to move. I could tell precum was already dripping down his shaft.

I had never been this horny in life, and I suspected neither had Tim. My sex was calling out to him and suddenly I felt my mouth water at the sight of his giant member. My aroused state took over and I could no longer think. I forgot everyone else was in the room.

So laser-focused on my husband's cock, I climbed to my knees and brought my mouth to it. I licked the length of the shaft as I lifted my body up, and when I got to the head, I slipped my lips around it and came back down, bringing his entire length into my mouth.

I immediately tasted the sweet and salty mix of precum and sweat that made my body sing. I felt my lower half tighten and release as waves of pleasure shot from both my mouth and pussy, then met in the middle, swirling in ecstasy around my nipples.

As I moved up and down my husband, I was lost and could only think about that. Then, SPANK! A sharp pain interrupted my escape as I felt the same angry sensation from earlier. I shot back and stopped sucking to see Ann's furious face.

"I don't think I recall us telling you to do that." She yelled at me.

She was right. What was I thinking? I let my body control me and I had voluntarily sucked my husband's cock in front of everyone. Like a wild animal I couldn't control my urges. What would they think of me?

"Well now John and Darren are going to feel left out. Perhaps she should suck their cocks as well to make it fair." Sarah suggested.

My heart sank for the millionth time tonight. But this time was worse. My stomach turned in a knot and I nearly vomited from fear as those words exited Sarah's mouth. I had never even seen another man's penis, let alone sucked it.

"I think that's a great idea." Ann said.

Tears filled my eyes. I turned around to see ear-to-ear grins on John and Darren's faces. They dropped their pants with haste and soon I had two more dicks swinging in my face.

Darren's was small but thick. About 4" if I had to guess but it was girthy and he had a ton of hair. Overall it matched the way he looked pretty well. John on the other hand was something to behold. He matched Tim's 7" wood but also shared Darren's girth. The sight of it actually put a brief pause on my panic as I stopped to admire it.

The panic returned when Darren stepped forward, bringing his dick about an inch away from my face.

"Well?" Ann said.

I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. I hoped that the panic and fear would turn to arousal but no such luck. I slowly and reluctantly brought my face forward and parted my mouth slightly. His massive head squeezed into lips as he slid inside me.

He tasted awful, but luckily since it was so small, he hadn't triggered my gag reflex. I thought about how Tim was watching me do this and finally my arousal returned. He hadn't objected so he must've been enjoying the show. That's when I started really sucking hard. I moved my head back and forth and heard Darren moan.

"She's good, right?" I heard Tim say to Darren from behind me.

That made my pussy even wetter than it had been. I wanted to impress my Tim. I brought my hand up and wrapped it around Darren's cock. I moved it in unison with my mouth and could tell he was moments away from cumming.

Then, I felt a yank. Ann grabbed a fistful of my hair and pulled me back. The pain actually triggered a mini orgasm that made me shutter, but it probably just looked like I was shocked.

"Don't get him too excited. Save some for the show." She said before pushing my head so I was practically touching John's penis with my face.

I looked over to my side and saw Tim grinning. My confidence soared as I opened wide and swallowed John's enormous cock. He filled every inch of my mouth and I loved it. I got onto my knees and started moving my head rapidly. I used one hand to grab onto his thigh and the other to cradle his swinging testicles.

After a minute or so of that, I removed my mouth and found ropes of saliva connecting me and him before I wiped them away.

"Since they're so well acquainted now, why doesn't she make them cum onto her herself?" Sarah added.

I always hated when Sarah added ideas.

"What a great idea." Tim said.

I hadn't expected him to be the one to respond, but that fact that it was him and not Ann made it sexier. He wanted to see his sweetheart embarrassed and turned into a whore, and honestly, so did I.

"Let's get her into a chatroom." Tim said.



