Flashing at the Hamburger Palace
by LaffWithMe


When I was in college I knew a girl who was an exhibitionist. At the
time, I didn't appreciate how much fun that type of play can be. How I
wish she were around now.

Thoughts of her come to mind because of a rare treat I received at a
Burger King. It was a lovely day in May about two in the afternoon. I
stopped to get a hamburger. The place was almost empty. As I placed my
order, a couple entered. There was a little maze that led to the
counter and I watched the couple as they snaked there way through to
take a place behind me. They appeared to be Hispanic, probably in their
late thirties or early forties. What caught my eye were the woman's
legs. She had slender ankles that tapered up to well-rounded calves.
She wore high heels which accentuated her calf muscles. Her calves
tapered in at the knee and above her knee, her thighs flared up to
rather full hips. She was wearing a light-blue cotton skirt that
stopped at mid-thigh, giving me ample leg flesh to ogle. I thought that
I was being discrete but she looked at me with a half-smile, which
seemed to say, "like what you see". This preamble was over quickly and
I hadn't paid much attention to her above the waist although I did
notice that the top she wore was as brief as her skirt. I don't know if
there is name for it but it was one of those tops that look like a
half-t-shirt.

This Burger King was laid out in an L shape. One leg of the L contained
the counter and some seating. The other leg of the L contained seating.
At the far end of this second leg there was a bench the length of the
wall with three tables in front. Each table had two chairs opposite the
bench. Another three tables parallel to these each had four chairs. Next
there was a planter box that separated this section from the remaining
tables. Thus this back section of six tables was somewhat shielded from
the view of the rest of the dining area.

As I said, there were only a few customers in the place and all were
near the front. I took my dinner to the far end and sat at one of the
tables by the planter box. Just as I began eating, the couple seated
themselves at the table across from me. The man sat at a chair with his
back to me, the woman sat on the bench so she now faced both him and me.
She at first was sitting almost directly opposite of the man so that I
could see about half of her. My voyeur bell rang softly. I could see
all of her right leg. Her short skirt allowed me to see almost all the
way to her panty.

They spoke a few words to each other then the man began studying some
papers, business I suppose. I was carefully avoiding staring directly
at her, making the most of sideways glances and brief looks as I turned
my head. She was sitting with her knees slightly spread, when to my
delight she spread her legs. I still could only see her right leg but
now I had this wonderful view of her inner thigh and just a peek of
blue panties. Of course, when she made this move my eyes just locked on
the scene. Then I looked up at her face and realized she was staring
directly at me. For the briefest moment I felt embarrassed at having
been caught. Then I noticed her smile ever so slightly.

Then to my amazement and delight, she slid to her right giving me an
unobstructed view of both legs. No more discretion on my part now, I
boldly stared at the meaty white flesh that flowed up to a V of blue
panty.

My cock was now getting hard. I was wearing shorts, the jersey type
that are sort of stretchy. I put my hand to my cock and pushed it into
a comfortable position along my left thigh. I also was thinking that
now she could see the bulge in my shorts if she cared to look. I wasn't
sure but I thought that she was looking. She kind of rocked her legs in
and out. Then she raised both her hands to her hair, running her
fingers through her hair, brushing her shiny black hair off of her
shoulders. This motion caused her top to rise up teasingly close to
exposing her breasts. As she did this she openly smiled at me. Her eyes
were black and sparkling, her teeth looked very white, surrounded by
dark red lipstick coated lips. I concentrated my attention on her
breasts, now barely covered by her shirt. I was certain that she wasn't
wearing a bra. Her breasts didn't seem to be very large; the top had
hung loosely over them, yet they definitely showed some shape beneath
the material.

I now rubbed my cock, still inside my shorts, with slow, deliberate,
obvious motions. She licked her lips; then, as if wiping a bit of food
from her lips, she touched her finger to her tongue. She dropped her
hand to her lap, very ordinary except that she casually rubbed her now
wet finger along her inner thigh. My cock was now aching.

Her husband looked at her and said something. She leaned toward him and
whispered in his ear. I felt a moment of uncertainty as I wondered if he
was about to swing around and berate me for staring at his wife. To my
relief, he merely resumed working on the papers in front of him. She
however looked around the restaurant to see if anyone was watching.
Satisfied that all was safe, she once again began brushing her hair
with her hands. This time the lifting of her arms was more exaggerated.
Her top rose up above her breasts. I stared and licked my lips as she
watched my delight in seeing her tits. They were a medium size. They
sagged a bit but in the wonderful way that allows you to cup them and
hold them in your hand. And how I wished that I could step over to her
and cup those lovely tits in my hand. She had olive skin, her areola
were the color of dark chocolate. Her nipples were small but obviously
erect and were surrounded by little bumps. As she pretended to be
brushing her hair with her fingers, her tits swayed from side to side.
She dropped her hands and gone from view were her tits.

She winked at me and licked her lips. I reached inside the waistband of
my shorts and pulled my jockey shorts to one side. I pushed my cock into
position along my left leg then pulled the pant leg up enough to expose
the head of my cock. She smiled a wicked smile and held up a finger as
if to say 'quiet' or wait'. Then she got up and walked to the nearby
restroom. A few seconds later she returned. She sat down with her knees
close together. She held out one finger and then stroked it with her
other hand. Not sure, I stroked my cock through my shorts, the head
still protruding. Precum had now formed a small wet spot on my leg. She
nodded, smiled, and continued to rub her finger.

Then she dropped a hand to her knee and slowly began to rub her leg. As
she rubbed she spread her legs apart, slowly, teasing. Her hand worked
its way up her inner thigh, her legs spread ever wider. Finally they
were open, and the blue panties were gone. I could see a V of black
hair neatly trimmed like an arrowhead pointing to her slit. She pointed
at me. I pulled my shorts aside and exposed my whole cock. I stroked my
cock as she ran her finger in the slit of her pussy.

I pointed to myself and then towards her hoping she would invite me to
join her but she shook her head 'no'. This show probably had lasted
only a few minutes but it seemed to go on for a long time. I was close
to cumming, when the spell was broken by the boisterous sound of young
voices. She quickly closed her legs and returned her hand to the task
of eating. As she did that she nodded towards the front of the
restaurant. I pulled my shorts over my cock and turned to see a small
crowd of teens heading to our secluded section.

It was fun while it lasted. I wished that I could have talked to her,
found a way to meet sometime but it was clear to me that she was only
interested in a bit of exhibitionism. They finished eating before me
and as they left she mouthed what I thought was 'thanks'.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
The End
----------------------------------------------------------------------- 