My name is Daniel and I am 23 years old. My history began a year ago when I was strongly addicted to porn. At first, it was innocent jerking off. Beautiful ladies sucking a cock, riding it, swallowing the load. But in time I started to develop some kind of taste. I liked to watch movies, where women were wearing lingerie. My particular weakness was nice stockings with floral pattern tops, attached to a lacy garter belt. When I saw that, my dick was immediately hard, and I knew that I will jerk off. I really really wanted to have it, I wanted a woman to wear them for me,
so I could fondle and stroke her stockinged legs.
But I was too consumed by porn. Even when I was in the mall or simply walking down the street and I saw a woman with a visible hose on her legs, I was wondering how the tops of her stockings look like, or how kind of garter belt she is wearing. I was gawking. Fortunately, no one noticed that, because I looked like a pervert for sure.
One time, when I was walking down the street, I noticed a small lingerie shop. It was a private shop, nothing like big network shops like Victoria's Secret or something.
The store was called "Rebecca's" and the whole front was in warm, burgundy color. In the display were mannequins dressed in lace underwear - panties, bras, and my favorite - stockings and garter belts.
Behind mannequins, there wasn't a single person, so I starred for a few minutes in the sexy underwear in the display.
I didn't notice that, but next to the door, was a blond, mature woman in her early forties. She was dressed professionally - a tight black skirt, white blouse, and black jacket. She had big breasts - for an eye of a porn addict her size was 34 Double D. She was a MILF.
She approached me and asked if I want to buy something because I was starring for a few minutes at the display. I couldn't respond, I was still shocked that I may have been caught in my pervy act.
She snapped her fingers in front of my face and it was like a wake-up call.
\- Hey! Are you there?
\- Y-y-yes, sorry ma'am.
\- If you want to buy something, come inside, don't stay and stare. You may look like a perv!
\- O-of course, sorry.
And I didn't know why, but I followed her.
When I crossed the doorstep, there was much more than in a display. Racks and racks of all kinds of lace lingerie. The amount of sexy underwear overwhelmed me a little, but again I heard the voice.
\- My name is Rebecca. How can I help you boy?
And again - I didn't know why, but I've said it.
\- Y-yes, I would like to buy a pair of panties for my girlfriend.
Again - why did I say this? I don't even have a girlfriend! But it was too late.
\- Okay, so let's start with a color your girlfriend likes.
\- It's black ma'am. - I responded quickly.
\- An universal color, good! And what style of panties she likes? Briefs, boyshorts, thongs?
\- Boyshorts I think. - again, without hesitation.
\- Let's see. Yes, I have a quite of them, take a look.
I started looking at the panties and touch them to feel the fabric. I was absorbed by it and I felt that my dick is hard as a rock.
Rebecca moved closer to me and whispered:
\- I see that you got very excited down there. You like panties, don't you?
\- I... I...
\- Yes you do... I think there is no girlfriend at all and you just wanted to touch and fondle the panties...
\- Well... I...
\- How about we move to the back room?
\- Y-yeah!
She went to the backroom, and I followed. Strangely, I quickly grew in confidence.
\- What is your name boy?
\- Daniel.
\- Mmmm, nice name. How about you strip honey?
I stripped down to the boxers. I was lightly framed, 5 feet 7 inches in height.
\- You look so fragile Daniel. Maybe you will take off boxers too?
I was red on my face instantly. I knew I wasn't the biggest guy, but my dick was around 5,5 inches erect. I took the boxers down.
\- Wow, you are so hard Daniel. Your dick is cute but so hairy!
\- Yeah, I didn't shave down there.
\- I see that baby. I want to make a deal with you. If you like panties so much... Maybe you will try the one you picked?
\- W-what?
\- I know you want them baby. I'm not judging. Just encouraging. You won't be the first and you won't be the last boy to wear panties, sweetie. And if you'll look cute, I will make you cum.
I was so excited by the whole situation that I didn't think too much. I took the panties and put my legs through the holes. Black lace nicely covered my hard dick, but not for long. I came in rivers of cum, just from the touch of fabric.
\- Oh my my... I said I would make you cum, but I see that you didn't need my help...
\- It's not like that, I...
\- Don't worry baby. I'm glad that you came, but I thought I will have some fun too.
\- I'm so sorry, I will pay for the panties and...
\- Daniel, I said that you don't have to worry. Go to the bathroom and clean up. Put the dirty panties here.
Rebecca handed me a small bag for cum stained panties and I went to the bathroom to clean up.
The bathroom itself was very small, only the toilet and small sink. I cleaned as much as I could and put panties in the bag. I realized, that I am completely naked now and I have to go out!
With my face painted red, I have opened the door and went back to the backroom. Rebecca was sitting on a chair.
\- Oh, you are back! I've tossed your nasty boxers in the bin. Here, take them.
Again, she handed me a pair of same-looking panties that I have cummed in.
\- Put them on hon. You can't go on commando! Also, take the dirty pair with you and wash them nicely.
\- I... I can't...
\- Shhh... Yes, you can. Dress up quickly, I would like to close the store for today.
I took fresh pair of panties and put them on. My dick was now completely flaccid, so the lace fabric covered it nicely, making a small bump in front.
\- You look so lovely in them!
\- T-thank you. I think... B-but how much do I owe you?
\- Nothing sweetie, nothing. But - I would like you to shave down there. Visit my shop when you will do that. See you then!
And I left. Wearing one pair of panties, holding a bag with second, cummed pair. I walked home shocked and ashamed.