Author: SM
Title: Buxom Mother and Daughter
Part: Part 2
Universe: SM, Buxom Mother and Daughter
Summary: Big-boobed mother and daughter move in across the breezeway from Greg, who goes over to offer to help.  To his surprise, they want his help in many intimate ways, and so the fun begins.
Keywords: MFF, exhib, male-dom/slave, moth/dau, hypno 
Language: English

     Buxom Mother and Daughter Part 2
     (MFF, exhib, male-dom/slave, moth/dau, hypno)
     By SM
     A work of fiction for adult entertainment.  You know the drill, if you're too young and all that, don't read it.  
     If you want to, you can leave a message at the beep.  BEEEP  
     And if you tried to leave a message, don't read this story, either.
     	
     Greg got a call the next morning about 10.  He was in the middle of fixing a computer, and got to the phone a bit slowly, as his hands were tangled up with wires leading to the motherboard.
     "Hello, Master," he heard Candi's voice.
     "Hello, there, slave-candi."
     "slave-candi!  I love the sound of that.  Master?  Do you have time to come over?  Mom, I mean slave-melissa, has the money for you for putting everything together for us, and she wants to talk about a business thing with you, if you have time.  And, I was hoping for another lesson in how to be a good slave, Master, Sir!  Do you have time to come over?"
     "One of the things you might want to learn is to let me talk every now and then when you ask questions."
     "Oh.  The `motor-mouth' thing--Alice is always telling me that I can't shut-up.  I'm sorry, Master, really I am.  I'm just so excited to be your slave that I  . . . uhm, I'm just excited, Master.  I'm sorry.  Do you have time to come over?"
     "I will have time after I finish installing this hard drive in this computer."
     "Yes, Master, thank you.  When will you be finished?"
     "Probably in about an hour, or so.  Physically plugging it in is easy.  Getting it set up to fit this system may not be so easy."
     "Kinda' like me, huh, Master?  Physically plugging it in me is easy, I mean . . . get it? . . . ok, sorry, bad joke."
     He laughed for a bit.  "Actually, that's very funny!  You have a quick turn of mind, my slave.  You catch me off guard sometimes."
     "Heheh . . . thank you, Master."
     "Let me finish this, and I'll be over.  While I'm working on it, do your pump assignment every 15 minutes."
      "YES, MASTER!  But, I can't cum, right?"
     "No, you can't cum, that's right."
     "Yes, Master.  I will be ready to report when you come over."
     The hard drive installed easier than usual, so he went over to their apartment across the breezeway in less than an hour.  Melissa met him at the door, and as soon as he stepped in and the door closed, she bowed at his feet.  
     "Welcome, Master.  Please instruct me as to how you would like me to greet you when you arrive."
     "Bowing to me is a good start.  I'll instruct you further as we go along.  I may want different greetings at different times."
     "Yes, Master."  She remained bowed.
     "You may rise, slave-melissa.  Get me a drink--the rum and coke is fine until I find out what else you have--and I'm going to sit down and put my feet up.  Get yourself a drink, too, and come and rub my feet.  I understand you have something to talk with me about, so you may discuss it then."
     He went into the living room and sat down and put his feet up on the ottoman that had appeared from under all the boxes.  The room had changed considerably, most of the boxes had been sorted and there was only a stack of about 10 of them in the corner left to unpack.  There were pictures sitting around the floor, obviously waiting to be hung, but the furniture was basically open for use.  Melissa came back in with a tray with 3 glasses on it.
     "I hope you don't mind if I went ahead and made Candi's drink, too, to make it simpler, Master.  She'll be out in a moment. She is pumping her cunt with a vibrator and confessing to being a lot of very sexy and nasty things," she said, smiling.
     "No, I don't mind." He took a sip and found his drink medium strong.  Candi came out of her room, sweating and wearing only a t-shirt with one of her boobs out over the top, and bottomless, her lack of panties obviously showing as the t-shirt didn't even reach to her waist.  She bowed just to the side of where Melissa was taking his shoes off to rub his feet, and said, "Master, may I report?"
     "Yes, my slave."
     "I did my assignment every 15 minutes, Master.  I pumped my cunt and confessed that I'm a slut, a nasty cunt, a cheap whore, a cumdump, a cock-sucker, a slave, a fucktoy, a cunt-licker, a sex toy, and a pain-slut.  There was only one problem, Master."
     "What was that, my slave?"
     "I got carried away, so I came once about 20 minutes ago.  I'm sorry, I didn't mean to.  I'm just so excited today.  Please punish me."
     "Ah, yes.  You do get carried away at times.  Bring me that crop I saw in your stuff yesterday, and bring some of your panties."
     "Yes, Master."  She hurried away and brought back what he had asked for.  He took the panties and set them aside.
     "slave-melissa, are you wearing anything under your robe?"
     "No, Master."
     "Good.  You can return to rubbing my feet after I punishment her."  He moved his feet off of the ottoman.  "Lay down face up on this, with your head down to this side," he commanded Candi.
     "Yes, Master," and she did as he'd instructed.
     "slave-melissa, take off your robe and sit on her face, your cunt over her mouth and start using her mouth to get off. "
     "Yes, Master."  If this bothered Melissa, he couldn't tell.
     "slave-candi?"
     "Yes, Master?"
     "Lick and suck slave-melissa's cunt and make her cum.  If you stop or get too rough or do anything to make her uncomfortable, then I'll start your punishment over from the beginning.  Is that clear?  And you will tell me if she does, won't you, slave-melissa?"
     "Yes, Master," they both said.
     Melissa got over her face, and she started licking her mom's cunt.  Greg lifted the crop and rubbed it on Candi's thigh, then smacked it very hard down onto the inside of it.  She jumped, squealing, but kept sucking and licking.  He moved to her left boob and marked her again, the crop leaving her skin very red and bruised.  He continued until he'd made red crop marks on both tits and on the inside of both thighs.  Then he lifted her feet until her ass showed and marked both ass cheeks, as well.  Melissa came with a shudder on the last stroke, apparently because Candi was very enthusiastic in sucking on her pussy.
     "You can move back and let her breathe," he told her.  She did and they both lifted Candi's head.  She looked at Greg, "Master, may I please cum now?" she said through clenched teeth, obviously fighting to not let herself cum until she had permission.
     "Yes, cum for me, now," he said, and she did so, quite magnificently.
     He had her move to the side, sitting on the floor while he sat back, lifting his feet up on the ottoman again.  Candi looked proudly at the crop marks on her body.  "They will turn a bit purple later.  Now you can say you've been marked by your Master."  She smiled at that.
     "Now put these in your cunt to get them good and wet, and then put them over your head, so they cover your face," he said, and handed her the panties.   "While your mom and I talk, you can sit over there and play with yourself, but you can't cum," he told her, indicating a chair in the corner.
     "Yes, Master," she said.  She smiled and did as she was told.
     He sipped his drink.  "slave-candi said you had some business to talk with me about," he said, looking at Melissa.
     "Yes, sir.  But first, here's the money for yesterday," and she handed him an unsealed envelope.  He opened it to find $100 in twenty-dollar bills.
     "That's way too much," he said.
     "I don't think so, Master.  I checked and it would have cost me at least that to hire someone around here to do it, maybe more.  Please take it."
     "Alright, and what was the other topic you wanted to talk with me about."
     "I want to hire you to be my manager.  I don't know much about things, because everyone in my family did stuff for me, and when I married Tom, he took care of all the business and decided everything.  So, I was going to offer you $200,000 a year to be our manager, and I understood that you wanted at least a 6-year contract, plus, benefits--retirement, insurance, and all that."
     "$200,000?  Just how much money did your husband leave you to manage?"
     "I understand that it's about 19 million dollars worth of investments, Master."
     "19 MILLION DOLLARS?"
     "Yes, Master, about that amount.  And I haven't the foggiest idea how to manage any of it.  I've just been pretending since he died, and going with suggestions by my sister, my attorney, and my accountant.  My accountant and my attorney are both too busy to keep helping me, so they both suggested that I just hire a manager, so I wouldn't worry myself sick about all of it.  But, I've about run out of ways to hide that I don't know what I'm doing.  So, I need a manager badly, Master.  I didn't even know where to look for one."
     He looked at her in shock.  "Why are you living in an apartment?"
     "I didn't want anyone to know that I don't know how to manage anything.   I wouldn't know the first thing to owning and keeping up a house, Master.  You just seem so practical, and you know how to fix things, and besides, you're a Master . . . and now we're your slaves . . . so I was hoping you'd take the job, Master," she smiled at him, a bit uncertain.
     The conversation went on for some time, and she consulted on the phone with her attorney and her accountant to get all the details.  Since they both agreed that Melissa needed a manager, they had actually been prepared to hire a manager for some months previously.
     So, he called his wife, Cheryl, and discussed it briefly with her, and--took the job.  They all felt like celebrating, but it was Candi who pulled her panties off her face and danced around like a little kid--and made everyone laugh, even Cheryl who was listening on the phone.  Candi had forgotten to ask permission, but Greg decided that since she was new at being a slave, he'd just let it go.  They were both so happy, and a whole new era had begun for them.
     After they had a few drinks, both Candi and Melissa sat on the floor, while Melissa rubbed his feet and Candi hugged his leg.  She kept looking wistfully at his hard cock, but kept her hands away from it--not far, but away nevertheless.
     He thought for a bit about all that had happened, and realized that she was still technically a virgin, or "almost a virgin" as they say about a girl whose hymen was gone from her enthusiasm with the vibrator, although had never actually felt a man's cock inside her.  She had experienced lesbian sex, though, so she wasn't totally a virgin.  He knew that she still felt like she was, though, since she saw herself as heterosexual--or maybe bi.
     And Melissa had wanted to seduce him, because she hadn't had a sex partner for about 5 years.  He chuckled out loud at the thought that he probably should fulfill his responsibilities here.  "That's what I call `hard' work," he joked to himself.  They both looked at him uncertainly, not knowing what he was amused about.
     "I guess I should take care of some other needs for both of you, like a good Master should."  They both smiled at that, and brightened up considerably.  Candi looked like it made her nervous, though.
     "What if I'm bad at it, though, Master?"
     "Bad at what?"
     "At fucking," she said.
     "Well, I'll have to teach you how to be good at it, then.  After all, you're a slave-in-training, so I'll need to train you.  Let's go into slave-mel's bedroom, and we'll start from there."
     They went in, and he had them undress him, then he had them strip, and he lay down in the middle of the bed, waving them down on each side.  They settled a bit, and snuggled up to him, and he reached over and kissed Melissa on the lips lovingly . . . she responded with her tongue, and arching her boobs against him.  Then he kissed Candi lovingly, too.  She was both excited and nervous, but she did know how to kiss, so she used her tongue, too.
     "I read about french-kissing, so I practiced with Alice," she said.
     "Sounds like you and Alice did a lot," he commented.
     "I wanted to be ready whenever the time came that someone would want to have sex with me, Master," she said, almost plaintively.
     "You're going to be fine, young lady.  Don't worry and just enjoy."
     He extricated his arms from them, and then got up and turned around, getting between Candi's legs.  He moved her mom a bit closer, and then he began to caress Candi's body.  A feather touch across her neck out toward her shoulder, a gentle touch circling her nipples on both sides one at a time . . . a light tickle on her thigh, that sensitive spot right where it bends, which made her giggle.  He bent down and kissed her again, softly, and then licked and sucked on her neck lightly.  She giggled some more.  Her mom opened her legs and began rubbing her own pussy lips, smiling at her Master's gentleness with her daughter.
     "Alice and I were too scared to give each other hickies.  Would you give me one please, Master?"  He smiled and bent down and began sucking a bit harder on her neck.  She squealed and laughed, and he sucked hard enough to mark her neck.  He heard her breath grow more excited, and he reached down and played with her pussy lips a bit, which were already very wet.  While her mind might have been uncertain and lacked confidence, her body was clearly ready for him.  Melissa reached over and took one of Candi's hands, and showed her how to rub and caress Greg's chest and shoulders.  And, as Greg moved his hard cock up to Candi's pussy lips, Melissa reached down and guided it into her wet and ready hole.  Greg slowly slid it inside Candi, and she gasped with pleasure.  
     It was a bit of a tight fit, but obviously Candi had been using some pretty large dildos and vibrators, so she didn't have to stretch much for him to slide all the way in, and she was so excited she was quite well lubricated.  He slid in very slowly to let her adjust and then began to pump in and out, as she whimpered and squealed with pleasure, moaning and starting to thrust her hips into him.  He started fucking her faster, and she instinctively arched her back, and wrapped her legs around him to pull him in deeper inside her.  All of her feelings burst like a bubble, and she made meaningless noises and rocked with him.  He slowed down and started pulling almost all the way out, and she would whine with her need, then he would thrust in slowly . . . then back out . . . and so on.  
     "May I cum, Master?  You're driving me abso-fucking-lutely wild.  This is SOOOOOO wonderful!  May I cum, Master?" she begged.
     "In a minute," he said.  Her feelings of submission to him added to her arousal, and he felt a surge of cunt juices come out around his cock.  He grinned at her, watching her stare at him, preoccupied with what was happening inside her, her blush going all the way down her neck and down to her tits.  Melissa had 3 fingers thrust deep into her own cunt, and she was sucking on Candi's nipple that was within her reach.  Melissa raised her head and asked, "Master, when the time comes, may I cum, too?"
     "No, slave-melissa, you'll have to wait.  I'm going to fuck you, next," he told her, and at first she looked frustrated until his words sank in, and then she smiled at him.  "Yes, Master!" with her voice full of lust.
     As He thrust all the way inside Candi and held himself deep within her, he said, "Ok, slave-Candi, cum . . . NOW!"  She squealed, her cunt tightened around his cock, and her thighs squeezed him--and he had to concentrate not to cum with her.  He held that position, while she jerked her head, nodding forward in the spasms of her orgasm.  When she finally laid her head back on the pillow, he sat back a bit, but left his cock still a bit inside her.
     "Oh, MASTER!" and she started crying, reaching out for him.  He pulled her up and hugged her tightly to him, caressing her sweating back, and feeling the rapid and enormous pulse of her heart.  He held her for awhile as she cried, knowing they were tears of joy and fulfillment, finally the release of her fears and frustration.
     "Whenever you are able to lie down, I need to fuck slave-melissa, too, my slave-candi," he said gently to her.  She looked up at him, and then sort of waved at her mom, like, `sure go ahead" because she still was too caught up in her emotions to speak just yet.
     He carefully slid her back off of his cock, and she whimpered when it popped out of her pussy, then he laid her down and turned to Melissa.  Melissa still had her fingers very deep in her cunt, but as soon as he moved toward her, she pulled them out with a sucking sound, opened her legs and arms toward him.  She was extremely aroused, so she almost levitated toward his cock, her body arching up toward him.  It had been 5 years, and she was ready for a man to take her, body and soul.  He slid into her without any resistance at all, her cunt already stretched and slick, her mouth seeking his, and her arms around him, her passion unleashed.
     The following moments were almost a blur, even for Greg, and they fucked like minks, their pelvic bones bruising each other's thighs, their lips smashing hard against each other's warm mouth.  She became her hunger, a living version of her desperate need which had gone so long unfulfilled.  But, the beginning of that fulfillment was brought to fruition in those frenzied moments.  
     Greg finally extricated his lips from hers so he could breath, and then commanded her to "Cum now, slave-melissa!"  And she did.  Her orgasm was long and hard, and when she finally came out of it, she was gasping for breath, and her body went limp in his arms.  He helped her fall back onto the bed, and then looked at both of them.
     Candi was looking almost forlorn, and still had tears in her eyes.  "Did you cum, Master?  Or we didn't do it good enough?  For you, I mean?"
     "No, you both did fine.  I hadn't planned on cumming tonight, at least not yet."
     "I don't understand."
      He was sitting back on his heels, which was a becoming uncomfortable, so he rearranged his legs, turned around and scooted up between them as before.  He reached out and pulled them back in to snuggle against him.
     "slave-candi, you have pleased me, and so has slave-mel.  I'm not ever in a hurry to cum, especially with new lovers.  I like to enjoy sex, and being sexy in many ways, and I'm not just interested in my orgasms alone.  Sex is a life-style . . . that is, we need to develop a sex-life, not just see how fast I can cum."  She looked thoughtful at him.
     "I think we just hit the part about sex that I need to learn about . . . or one of them.  But, GAWD, Master, that was unbelievable your cock inside me, and  . . . wow . . . I'm in love with you . . . I need you desperately.  That was incredible, and I think you're a wonderful Master, and you can have my body to use anytime you want to, Master.  When can we fuck again?" her excitement bubbling out.
     He laughed.  "Well, one thing, my pet--you certainly are enthusiastic about it.  But, not tonight."  She looked disappointed for a bit, and then she buried her face against his side and hugged him as hard as she could.
     Melissa was finally recovering from her enormous orgasm, and she snuggled up and kissed him on the cheek, and looked at him like she needed and wanted him, too.
     "I'm glad we've pleased you, Master.  You're obviously a Master about sex, too.  I'm so glad that we found you," and kissed him on the mouth, lovingly.  When she finally let his lips go, he chuckled comfortably and smiled back at her.
     "You have both done well.  I've got stuff to do tomorrow during the day, but I'll be over tomorrow evening," and he headed back to he and Cheryl's apartment.
     
     The next day was Sunday, he came over about 7 that evening, prepared to look over all the details of what Melissa owned and had investments in that he was going to manage.  Cheryl always took Sunday evenings to prepare for her work week, so he always left her to that.  Melissa smiled as she let him in, and handed him a key to their apartment.  "I should have given you this yesterday, but I didn't think of it," she said.  "You have total access to everything here, and all of us, too," she said, obviously referring to their bodies.  "Would you like to sit down first, or should I bow here first?" she asked.
     "Let me sit down, and then you may bow, my slave."
     As soon as he sat down, he heard a pounding musical rhythm which sounded familiar from Candi's room, and he noticed that she had moved her speakers out into the hallway facing toward the couch he had become accustomed to sit in.
     She came waltzing in like Faith Hill on Sunday night football, wearing a very short black and grey mini-dress, singing along with "I've been waitin' all day for SUNDAY NIGHT!" with an imaginary microphone in her hand, making all the right moves, her hips pulsing to the beat, her heels stepping in the exact places, strutting like a pro.  Melissa was on her knees beside the ottoman, starting to take his shoes off, looking at him, smiling a bit uncertainly about how he was going to receive it.
     He started laughing, and even clapped and cheered as Candi wiggled in as sexy as Faith Hill (sexier, actually with her big boobs), and then bowed, first toward him showing her jiggling boobs and cleavage, then to each side and then away from him, bowing so low her mini-dress came up to reveal her naked ass and pussy.  He cheered even more at that, and laughed even harder, obviously with delight.  Melissa laughed with him, and Candi came and started to bow to him at his feet, but he waved her up into his lap, still laughing.  "Com'ere you!  You ARE very creative, my pet.  Very creative, indeed!  That was great!" and he kissed her cheek and gave her a big hug.
     She smiled happily and then burst into tears and hid her face against his chest, hugging him very hard.  
     "She practiced that all day.  I don't know where she got the idea, but she was really hoping you'd like it.  I guess all kinds of feelings are coming out after last night, Master," as if to explain Candi's tears.
     He rubbed her back, and hugged her.  "Yeah, it seems so, but that's ok.  She's just coming alive, that's all.  And I did enjoy that--it was great!"
     "Thank you for understanding, Master," Melissa smiled happily and then bowed to him.  Candi burrowed under his arm, and snuggled and hugged him, so he just hugged her and held her close.   He noticed that his drink was all ready there beside him on the end-table, so he took a few sips and just relaxed, while Melissa rubbed his feet and legs.
     After quite a long time, Candi looked up at him with red and swollen eyes, smiling wryly.  "Master, I don't know what came over me.  I just have all these huge feelings bubbling up from inside me.  I love you so much . . . and I need you so much!  You are my first lover, my first Master.  I have your marks on my body, and you gave me a hickie--and I'm so proud of them.  I really want to please you."
     "You have pleased me, my candi.  I'm very happy with you.  Just relax, and we'll work through all those feelings.  You just had so many needs that were left unmet for so long, that it's going to take awhile for us to catch up on them."
     "Thank you, Master," she smiled, and sighed, looking suddenly very tired.
     "Now, I command you to go and rest for awhile.  All those feelings take a lot of energy, so go take a nap for at least 30 minutes.  I need to go over the money stuff with your mom, so this will be a good time for you to get your nap in."
     "Yes, Master," she said, and got up wearily and went to her room.  She pulled the speakers back inside and then closed the door.
     "Did she sleep last night?"
     "As far as I know, she did, yes, Master," Melissa said, still rubbing his feet.  "I realize she's immature for her age, Master--I didn't do a very good job of helping her to grow up.  She's like a teenage with an adult body."  He waved her to him and she came up and snuggled him on the other side from where Candi had been.
     "How did you sleep?"
     "Very well, Master, for most of the night.  I woke up about 6am, very happy and thinking about you."
     "Oh, what were you thinking about me?"
     "I'm just so happy to have found you and that you're so sexy and such a good Master, and that my daughter is connecting so well with you.  I had gotten rather overwhelmed with trying to help her with her life, and you appeared and you seem to understand everything, Master."  She sighed happily.
     "Oh, I wouldn't say I understand EVERYTHING, my pet.  I'm not God."
     "Well, you certainly seem to understand a lot more than I do, and you seem to know what to do about it, too."
     "Well, ok . . . maybe so far, at least."
     
     After awhile, he told her to show him the financial information, and he watched her as she stepped through the accounts she had, then the properties she owned, including a small factory, then the stock market.
     "Ok," he said.  "Here's where I'll need to learn some things.  But, I can see how I can make myself useful, alright.  Not sure if it will be worth the $200,000 per year, but I'll see what I can do."
     She did something just then which was somewhat startling to him.  She got down on the floor and bowed at his feet.
     "Master?"
     "Yes, pet."
     "I would gladly give $200,000 for these past few days alone since I met you.  Just for these past few days, I would.  So, I'd call it well worth it.  Thank you, Master."
     
     He started writing a computer program to show all the relationships between her assets and expenses, and she laid her head in his lap while sitting on the floor at this feet.
     "Master?"
     "Yes, my pet?"
     "May I take your cock out and suck on it while you're working?  I'd really love to do that."
     He looked at her and decided, "Go ahead."
     For awhile, his cock got hard and found it distracting, so he almost stopped her from sucking on him.  Then he got more focused working on a programming problem, and his cock grew soft.  She just sucked it into her mouth even further, and appeared to go to sleep, sitting on the floor with his cock in her mouth still sucking gently.
     When he finally needed to move, he had to gently wake her up, and she started sucking a bit more.
     "My pet?"  She looked at him with blank eyes, and he realized that she had gone into something like subspace.  
     "I need to get up, my legs are a bit cramped.  You can go back to sucking on my cock after I stretch my muscles and get some fresh air."
     She just nodded, and let his cock go out of her mouth, and just sat there blankly, obviously unaware of what he was doing.  Realizing that she was already almost in trance, he snapped his fingers lightly in front of her eyes, tapped her on the forehead and said, "Sleep!" all at the same time. 
     She easily popped right into hypnosis.  He deepened her a bit, told her to stay there until he returned, got up and stretched and got a drink, and then sat down again.
     She obediently sat, staring blankly forward.  He moved her down to an even deeper level of hypnosis, and then started talking directly to her inner mind, giving her suggestions.  He told her to nod when she understood and accepted them, so she did.  He took his time, his voice soft and melodious, talking with her about her desires, and his desires, and checking each time he gave her a command or set an anchor in place, and she would nod.
     "And since you're so very happy to have me as your Master, when I tell you to cum, you'll just find yourself cumming on my command, won't you, my pet?"  She nodded . . . "and even if I just mouth the word when I look at you without even saying it aloud, cumming on my command will just seem ordinary and normal to you, won't it?" and she nodded again. "And since you enjoy sex with me so much, you're going to find that your cunt will be super wet whenever I touch my fingers or my cock to your cunt lips . . . " and so on.
     "Now, all of those things are set firmly in place in your mind and body, aren't they, my pet?" and she nodded.
     "When I pull your head into my lap, you'll just stay in this level of relaxation and start sucking on my cock again, and if I get hard, you'll just let it slide down into your throat and keep on sucking . . . and if I cum, you'll just drink it down, enjoying every drop of it. . . . Now, let's go over it all again . . . you will find you can speak quite easily when I ask you a question . . ." and so it went.
     Candi's voice was soft when he heard her, surprised since she hadn't made any noise coming out of her room.  "Did you just hypnotize her, Master?"
     "Well, yes, sort of.  She was already in a light form of hypnosis when she was sitting on the floor sucking on my cock, so I just helped her go deeper and gave her some suggestions to make things easier."
     "Wow.  You know how to do hypnosis, Master?"
     "Well, yes.  I've done hypnosis for many years, sometimes to help people stop smoking and lose weight, pain management, stop migraines.  And sexy stuff like this with my slaves."
     "Wow.  Can you hypnotize me?"
     "Sure, if you want.  What do you want me to hypnotize you for?"
     "I read about Masters who could make their slaves cum on command, with just a word.  Can you do that?"  
     "Well, actually, I don't even have to do hypnosis to do that.  I've done that before with my slaves.  But, it's true that it's easier with hypnosis.  Without hypnosis, it takes some time learning each other--but, with hypnosis, you could be cumming on command by tomorrow morning, no problem.  You need to understand, though, that I don't really control your mind--you have to agree to do something, even in hypnosis."
     Her eyes lit up.  "I'd like that anyway, Master.  Would you do it tonight?"
     "If you're sure, yes, I can do that--but later, or maybe tomorrow morning.  Let me finish the computer program I was writing to help me pull in all the financial data easily."
     "You can write computer programs?"
     "Well, yes.  I'm self-taught, but I can.  I have written several programs for pay, but mostly, I just use it to make things easier with it comes to understanding lots of numbers, money, things like that."
     "Wow."  She looked at him, her eyes shining with admiration.  "You're very smart, Master.  You can do so many different things."
     "It's not hard, really.  You just have to tell the computer what you want it to do--only trick is that you have to tell it exactly EVERYTHING you want it to do.  I'm sure you could do it, too, if you put your mind to it."
     "Well, maybe.  But, anyway, I do want you to hypnotize me when you're done.  Then you can tell me EVERYTHING you want ME to do," she smiled.
     "Heheh . . . it doesn't quite work that way, like a computer, but ok.  Let me finish this first, but if I get too tired, we'll do it in the morning.  Refill my drink and get your mom one while I do that."
     "Yes, Master."
     All through that conversation, Melissa was happily sucking on his cock, apparently still in a hypnotic state, or maybe subspace or both.  Greg thought for a moment that maybe subspace was just a form of hypnosis anyway . . .?  But, he turned back to his work, and went on.
     
     When he got to a stopping place, he told Melissa to stop sucking on his cock.  When she did, he counted her up out of hypnosis, suggesting that only about 10 minutes had passed since she started sucking on his cock, and that she would feel refreshed, happy and sexy when she come out.  She smiled and asked if she could refill his drink, and if she could get herself one.  He pointed to a drink, told her it was hers, and that Candi had refilled them.
     "Oh, thank you, Master--and thank you, Candi.  That was quick.  I didn't even hear you ask her to."  She took a drink, and so did he.  After she swallowed, she smiled at him and he looked at her simply saying, "Cum."  
     She grabbed her thighs and moaned out her orgasm, then saying "Thank you, Master."  Candi looked at her, then and him, with her eyes wide and her mouth open. 
     "WOW!  You made her cum with just saying the word!"
     Melissa looked at her puzzled, like she didn't see anything unusual happening.
     "Actually, I don't have to say it aloud," he told Candi.
     "What do you mean?"
     He looked at Melissa and without a sound mouthed the word, "Cum," with the same result.  "Thank you again, Master," Melissa said to him when she finished cumming, still appearing as though it was the most normal thing in the world.
     He grinned at Candi who was so flustered, she couldn't speak.
     "Well, it's getting late, 10 o'clock already.  I'm headed home, but I'll be back in the morning."
     Melissa looked a bit confused at the clock, "10 already?  But, you've only been here a little while!"
     "Time flies when you're having fun, pet.  See you in the morning."
     -------------------------
      (to be continued in Part 3)
     
     For some reason, I've had some trouble with setting up the feedback form on some of my story pages--that is, so it works--so if you would be so kind as to go to   http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/SM/Buxom_Mother_and_Daughter_Series/Feedback_Form_For_SMs_Stories_BuxomMD.htm and leave your comments there, I'd appreciate it very much.  I'll keep working on how to get the feedback form for each page to work, but until then, please use this work `around'.
          I have appreciated the comments you've sent, so please continue to send them.  If you like the story or series enough, consider listing it in "Reader's Recommendations" on the ASSTR home webpage.
          I will continue the story if there is enough interest, so please let me know what you think.  I'm a writer in other settings, but I'm still learning about the ASSTR system, so if you have technical corrections, suggestions or guidance, feel free to send those, as well, using the feedback form I've just listed for you.
     Don't miss my other stories, including the "Her New Name Series" which you can find at http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/SM/Her_New_Name_Series/.
          Thanks, 
          ~SM~
