After the children left home and went to university, my life disintegrated, well at least my marriage did. Without them the sheer loneliness and boredom of a financially secure relationship began to haunt me. It didn't seem worthwhile being with a man who travelled endlessly on business and worked the most horrendous hours in his pursuit of a partnership with one of the world's leading law firms. I became disillusioned and bitter that Richard wanted to work or travel rather than be with me and that doing a deal seemed far more important to him than fucking his wife. Our sex life all but disappeared. That was part because he was 'never' at home, but also because when he was we almost constantly argued.

So we tried a trial separation.

*

We'd known Mike and Carey for several years. They aren't amongst our closest friends as a couple for I had met her years ago and she and I always got on well so when she paired up with Mike, we saw them from time to time as a foursome They were both in advertising and we saw them fairly regular, well seeing them fairly regular meant going out to dinner on average every other month, but Carey and I talked on the phone frequently and had girly lunches at least monthly It was Carey who'd persuaded me to take the freelance job and probably they had been the most supportive couple since the break up. She was slim, blonde and beautiful and he was dark, tallish and handsome in a slightly Balkans way, black hair and lots of it, swarthy features and piercing dark eyes. We were all in our early forties but, like me, they could pass for several years younger.

"Why not escape one week-end with us Cat," Carey had said over a glass of wine one lunchtime, "and come up to the cottage in Norfolk."

The idea appealed. It sounded great to go onto the countryside for a few days and leave all my worries behind. So there I was a couple of weeks later bombing up the M11 in my brand new BMW 323 convertible. The weather was unusually warm, so I had the hood down and with both children at uni my troubles and worries seemed to decrease as I rapidly ate up the miles between me and their holiday home. 

The satnav on the BMW worked perfectly getting me through the winding lanes around the Broads in Norfolk to deposit me outside the most charming thatched cottage imaginable. 

"You have arrived," the slightly annoying voice advised from me from the speakers as I pulled into the gravel driveway.

We had a lovely Saturday. After a light lunch we had a lazy afternoon around the small pool soaking up the sun, chatting and gossiping about mutual friends. We then had a delightful dinner at a local pub that was within walking distance so there was no worries about drinking and driving. We took advantage of that by having three bottles of wine between us. 

Walking home all of us dressed in shorts and tees, Mike was in the middle and he put his arms around both of us as we laughed and joked the few hundred yards through the failing light back to the cottage. Brandies in our hands we sat in the cosy lounge listening to music in candlelight and, inevitably I guess, the conversation turned to Richard and me. I found myself opening up to them and telling them more about the background and how I felt. This, for some reason, included my feelings about dating and even touched on the loneliness and how much I missed being with a man. I guess the wine and the talk made me a little morbid and I started to cry. Whilst I'd done plenty of that in the first couple of months it had now been some time since I'd broken down and I said I was sorry but both of them were so kind and understanding that my heart went out to such good friends.

Carey came and sat right next to me on the sofa and put her arms around me as Mike said consoling words and told me what a silly and selfish bastard Richard was. They made me feel better and being so close to Carey, for she kept her arms round me, was strangely comforting and the tearfulness passed as I sipped my brandy.

"Well I reckon it's time I showed you where things are upstairs Mandy," she said, adding, "then we'll get you tucked up in bed shall we, this Norfolk air is very tiring?"

Smiling I replied, "Yes mum," and we all laughed.

She showed me where the bathroom was and how to open the windows with the burglar proof locks and then into the bedroom that was quite small but beautifully furnished with a double bed. I undressed, slipped on a long tee shirt that I sometimes wear in bed, and went to the bathroom and cleaned my teeth. Back in my room I'd just slipped under the single sheet, for it was still very warm, when there was a knock on the door and Carey called out as she opened the door,

"Everything OK luv?" .

"Yes great, I'm fine now," I smiled at my friend as she came into the room wearing a lacy nightdress that was very low at the front.

"Good, I'm pleased," she replied coming over and sitting on the side of the bed.

We talked for a while about the 'trial separation' Richard and I were having and how things had changed for me. I said how lucky she and Mike were to be in such a loving relationships. She was sitting very close to me so that my leg under the sheet was pressed against her hips and as she moved or leaned forward the loose top of her nightdress would gape and I couldn't avoid seeing down it. Several times I saw most of her small breasts and twice I saw her nipples as well. I didn't think anything of it for we were close friends and several times I'd showered with her after playing tennis and even this afternoon she'd sunbathed topless.

"Can anyone join in?" I heard Mike saying from outside the door which he'd tapped upon discretely before putting his head round it..

"Sure, the more the merrier," I responded pulling the sheet up a little. I was aware that the thin tee shirt was stretched fairly tightly across my breasts and that most likely the outline of my large nipples would be showing through it. He walked in carrying the bottle of cognac and three balloon glasses.

"Perhaps a nightcap ladies?" he asked plopping himself down on the other side of the bed to Carey.

"Please," we both said as he poured them out.

"You know Cat," Mike said seriously, "Richard must have been absolutely barmy to let you go by being so fucking stupid, mustn't he Carey?

"Yes" my friend replied lifting her hand and running the back of fingers across my cheek. "Bloody stupid to lose such a gorgeous and lovely woman."

They were making feel a little weepy again with their so encouraging and loving support.

"Come on Cat, don't let it get to you again," Carey said, her fingers gently clasping my chin. "He's just not worth it, if work means so much to him that he completely neglects you."

"I know, I know," I said fighting back the tears, "it's just that I so miss him."

"Him?" Mike said.

"Well no not him but a man, being held and being cuddled, having company, oh you know what I mean."

"Yes darling, yes we do," Carey murmured taking me into her arms and holding me. It felt nice and I found myself cuddling up to her, but more like a baby to a mother or like sisters than anything else.

Mike leaned forward and put his arms around both of us. He kissed me on the head and muttered softly.

"You know that we both love you don't you Cat and that we'd do anything for you?"

I smiled at him and replied, "Yes Mike, you are both so kind to me and I'm very grateful."

I was still in Carey's arms my larger breasts pressed against her pert boobs her fingers gently stroking my hair. Mike still had his arms round the pair of us, one knee on the bed pushing into my hip. Carey moved her face so she was looking directly into my eyes and smiled as she whispered, quite hoarsely I noticed,

"Men can be such bastards Cat, who needs them really?"

I looked directly into her eyes as she said that and saw such love, affection and understanding in them.

"I don't know Care, but they have their uses, sometimes." I whispered feeling suddenly very excited but not being really aware why and what at.

"I know darling you told me earlier, remember?" she said referring back to a chat we'd had during the afternoon when Mike had popped to the shops and I'd told her how terribly frustrated I became. "And, darling, I have the answer to that," she whispered staring deeply into my eyes one of her hands stroking my chestnut hair that I had left long so it was tumbling over my bare shoulders. I didn't speak for I had no idea what she meant so I raised my eyebrows at her. 

"Yes we have the answer Cat, Mike and I have it don't we darling?" she said as she looked at Mike.

"Well we think we do," he added.

"Yes darling," Carey cooed,. "You know that Mike and I are deeply in love don't you? You know that we both love each other and that we both love you as well don't you?"

"Yes Carey," I croaked as she put her fingers just where my neck joins my shoulders one of them gently rubbing my bare skin where the tee shirt ended. And then she hit me with the bombshell that was, in some ways, the most generous and loving thing that had ever been said to me.

"Cat darling I want you and Mike to make love," she blurted out.

I didn't know what to say or think as her incredible words burned into my brain. She went on,

"I want to share him with you so we can all love each other and so you can enjoy sex without any recriminations or entanglement for I know you don't want that."

"Oh God Carey," I said startled and shocked at what I'd heard.

"Of course Mandy," Mike joined in. "That's only if you'd like to and if you fancy me."

I'd never thought of my friend's husband in that light and I told them that.

"I know you haven't Cat I know," Carey said. "As I would never have thought of Richard like that or Mike of you, but given the circumstances and totally and completely with my agreement, why not? You do find him attractive don't you?" 

I agreed truthfully that I did but that I wasn't at all sure about the idea.

"We both want to do this for you Cat and for us," Carey whispered, her fingers now running along my shoulder going under the top of the tee shirt towards my shoulder joint. "Please say yes darling please let's do this."

I looked from her to Mike and back again my heart pounding as I thought of the sexual satisfaction they were offering me. They both stared at me with love and now I could see desire in their eyes as well.

"Well Cat?" Mike asked flashing a broad and quite endearing smile at me. "You're not going to ruin my ego completely by rejecting me? I will never get over it if you do you know."

I smiled at that and heard myself whispering to Carey, "Oh Carey you are both so kind."

"No it's not kind for we love you and we love each other and we want to share that with you," she said, adding. "Say yes Mandy, please say yes."

"Oh Carey, oh Mike, oh dear," I muttered, pausing before very softly adding. "Yes, yes, oh yes please."

Carey hugged me laughing out as she said, "That's great Cat, I'm so pleased.".

"Yes" Mike said joining in and leaning over kissed me on the cheek. "So am I Cat, so am I"

"There's just one proviso Cat. "Carey said quite seriously. "And that's that I'm here in the room with you both when you make love."

That also shocked me at first. But as I thought about it I could see her reasoning and looking at her and smiling I replied, "Yes of course Carey, I understand that and that'll be fine."

"Wonderful," she beamed smiling from cheek to cheek and squeezing my hand as she added, "I really am so pleased darling."

She slowly pulled the sheet back until it was nearly down to my knees. My breasts were making a large bulge in the tee shirt and my nipples, that I realised had hardened as I'd taken in what my friends had suggested, were sticking out like two acorns. The tee shirt hardly covered my crotch and my bare, tanned lags were stretched out vanishing under the sheet. I watched as Carey took the hem of the tee shirt in her hands and said very thickly,

"I don't think you'll be needing this do you Cat?"

I looked into my friend's eyes feeling very nervous but also extremely excited as I said softly, "No Carey, I don't suppose I will."

Then seemingly so slowly, but in reality fairly swiftly, I felt her pull the hem up. It went up past my thighs until it was caught under my bottom. I lifted myself up to help her and felt it slip over the vee at the top of my legs. It snaked up my tummy and over my waist. As it reached my breasts I lifted my arms up so that Carey could pull the long tee shirt off me. I felt a little embarrassed sitting there bare breasted with the sheet now beneath my knees my tawny hair covered mound exposed to their view.

"Oh Cat," Mike murmured, "Your breasts are every bit as wonderful as I've always imagined them." He ran the back of his fingers across the flesh above my nipples sending such a shudder of feelings through me that I'm sure my body jolted a little.

Smiling I replied, "That's if you like saggy tits Mike," as I looked down at them feeling as though they were sort of sitting on the band of slightly bloated flesh around my stomach. I know my boobs look good when I'm standing and am dressed but the DD size of them and the ravishes of childbirth have made them in need of support so, sitting upright really did, I felt, present them in the worst possible light.

"No they are lovely," he said reaching out and cupping one as he leaned forward and kissed me softly on my lips. I glanced at Carey as we kissed and felt reassured by her smile and the squeeze she gave me on my hand.

She said softly and very thickly, "Why don't you undress darling and get in bed with Cat?" 

She gently pushed me back indicating that I should lay flat on the bed. I snuggled down as Mike quickly lifted his shirt over his head revealing the dark skinned muscular body I had glanced at quite admiringly while we had been sunbathing earlier. I could feel the excitement and anticipation together with nervousness and a little guilt building up in me as I saw his fingers undo the belt and zip on his shorts. Slowly he pushed them and his underpants down at the same time. Lifting them outwards to go over his penis he then quickly shoved them down freeing his full erection and baring himself for me. He really did look rather magnificent naked. His flat, six pack stomach, lithe, muscular body, slender, powerful looking legs and his thick, dark and fairly long, fully erect penis, surrounded by a mass of black, pubic hairs all combined to make for a vision over which any women would drool. And one laying naked before him waiting to make love to him drooled particularly.

He seemed to pause for a moment as if exhibiting himself to me to ensure my approval before lying beside and whispering as he took me into his arms,

"I want this to be so good for you Cat, but if at any time you feel uncomfortable please just say so and we'll stop immediately." 

His arms went round me pulling my body towards him his mouth opening as it came near to mine. It felt good to be in a man's arms after three months, but also very strange knowing that it was my friend's husband and that she was sitting on the bed watching everything we did. It also felt a little too intimate kissing him. I had just got used to the fact that Carey was going to let him fuck me, but somehow cuddling and particularly kissing seemed wrong. I held myself a little stiff avoiding his mouth as I turned my head to look at Carey. She was smiling encouragingly and nodded as if to give her approval to what her husband was suggesting. This made me feel better and I relaxed a little sinking more deeply into Mike's embrace. It was wonderful to once more have my breasts squashed against a man's firm chest, to have a pair of hands roam over my body and to feel the exciting hardness of his erection press deeply and so suggestively into the softness of my tummy. He kissed me, quite tentatively at first making me feel that perhaps he was suffering the same reservations as I was, but then with increasing vigour. My mouth opened and, without really thinking, I ground my lips on his and let his tongue dart into my mouth. 

The excitement was mounting in me rapidly. Far too rapidly I knew for I could feel myself responding far too quickly and far too strongly. It was, of course due to the pangs of extreme frustration of no sex for those months. The excitement almost made me forget Carey was watching and I held her husband tighter and kissed him very deeply.

As his mouth found my aching nipple and his hand slid down my stomach and between my legs the feelings built up rapidly. But remembering that my friend was watching and that is was her husband about to finger fuck me they were not just feelings of arousal. I felt very guilt as well almost in equal parts.

I caught Carey's eye and again she smiled and reached out her hand, took hold of mine and squeezed it saying quietly.

"It's ok Cat, everything's ok it's cool, go for it," she whispered

From a mild tingle and gentle warmth the other feelings, those of artousal, quickly became a torrent of shuddering feelings and blazing heat.

"Oh god," I moaned. "Oh my god Mike."

"Yes Cat," I heard him say as if from afar. "Yes love, let it go, let it go cum Cat, let yourself cum." 

He was reading me so well for that was precisely what I wanted, no needed, to do, but it made me feel a little foolish. He had hardly touched me, we hadn't made love and I hadn't even felt his cock, yet here I was, like a teenager a quivering wreck about to cum before she was even fingered, let alone fucked.

I felt his fingers slide into my seriously soaked vagina at the same time as his mouth found my aching nipple. The slow movements of his fingers on the so sensitive inner lips and walls of my most intimate place combined with the chewing, slurping, sucking and kissing on my nipples sent me roaring right over the top.

As I gasped and moaned, sighed and grunted my body stiffening and convulsing so Carey came closer. She held my face in her hands stroking my hair and caressing my forehead. She bent closert whispering.

"Oh yes darling, enjoy it, go with it, let yourself go." Her face was now touching mine and I could smell her perfume and hair spray and, as I opened my eyes, I could see the small crumbs of slightly caked mascara on her eyelids. "Is it good Cat, is it wonderful for you?" she breathed softly kissing my cheek.

"Yes Carey, yes Mike," I moaned. "It's fantastic," I added, as I squirmed myself more firmly onto his pleasure giving fingers and pushed my breasts harder against his mouth that was relieving some of the tension from my nipples. I was now having a full orgasm, I was in the throes of a climax, Carey's husband was making me cum as I lay nestled in her arms her lips pressed against my face. Carey and I were holding hands as Mike thrust his fingers in and out of me simulating the fucking movements that needed so badly. It wasn't just Mike who was reading me so well for my wonderful friend Carey was doing that as well. As her husband finger fucked me she knew instinctively what I wanted. I felt her moving my hand and then marvellously placing it right on Mike's gorgeous erection. That felt wonderful. It was hot, hard, straining and smooth and it was was precisely what I needed!

As I struggled for breath and tried desperately to stop the bucking, writhing movements of my body so Carey's lips touched mine, so her tongue ran along them and so they opened and surrounded mine. I was too far gone, too aroused and far too far into the ecstasy of this wonderful climax to query it. To wonder at it or to question the fact that our opened mouths were now grinding against each other. So as I, possibly groaning and grunting, screaming and certainly writhing and squirming, rather noisily climaxed, Carey kissed my mouth and held my hands whilst her husband surged his fingers in and out of my pussy and sucked greedily, but so satisfyingly on my breasts."Oh Cat," Carey breathed as they both held me tightly through those post orgasmic moments that can be so traumatic.

"Cat that was fantastic," Mike said slipping his fingers out of me. "Was it good for you?"

Still glowing from the shuddering power of the orgasm I softly said, "Oh yes. Yes it was, it was amazing."

"When did you last have one?" Mike asked his hands idly trailing across my tingling breasts. 

"An orgasm or a er, um...."

Smiling and cupping my breast he said. "Fuck, is that the word you are searching for?"

That made me smile. "Yes I guess it is. About four months I think" I replied. "It was some time, weeks actually before we separated.

"Oh poor you, that must be awful," Carey whispered her arms still cradling my head as she gently stroked my hair. "That bastard has to lot to pay for."

I smiled, "Oh it's not too bad Care, you get used to it you know."

"Never," she retorted firmly, "I could never get used to going without sex. Mike and I have it nearly every day, don't we darling?" she said leaning across me and kissing her husband. I watched in close up as their tongues met and as they licked all round the other's lips before pressing their mouths together into a deep and very passionate kiss. 

It was a quite amazing scene. There was I naked on a bed, my best friend's husband also naked and erect having just made me cum with his hands as she kissed me. Now, as I looked on they were kissing and touching each other very intimately with their legs pressed against my nakedness. Even as all that was registering with me things became even more bizarre for Mike was now reaching down and taking the bottom of Carey's tee shirt that she'd worn outside her shorts. I watched in amazement, with a little trepidation and I have to say a degree of excitement, as slowly he pulled that up and up until it was bunched around her chest just under her armpits. Almost as if rehearsed they broke their kiss and Carey lifted her arms up straight and with one smooth movement Mike slid the tee shirt up and off her body. They kissed again and Mike's hand found his wife's breast and he caressed that just a foot or so from my staring eyes.

"You sexy, randy bugger," Carey said smiling and looking down at me. "See Cat what I have to put up with, see what a letch he is, I lend him to you and what does he do? Can't keep your hands off can you?" she went on referring back to her husband whose erection she was stroking.

"Sorry darling but you know what I am and what you do to me, don't you?"

"Yes ok, you're forgiven but this is supposed to be for Caty not me you stupid bugger. " Carey laughed back as she broke away from her husband and bent her body towards me her face once more coming very close to mine. She placed her hands on my cheeks and, looking deep into my eyes, whispere.,

"I want you and Mike to make love now darling," her fingers gently caressing my skin, "I want you to have him Cat, I want him to fuck you." We looked into each others eyes as she said that. My mind was registering the enormity and unconventionality of what we were doing and my body was reacting to the anticipation of what she was offering.

"You still want to don't you darling?" she said very croakily as my eyes took in her small breasts dangling just inches from my own larger fuller boobs. She put one of her hands on my forehead and running that through my hair as Mike snuggled up alongside me she went on. "You still want to have sex with Mike don't you?"

I felt terrible yet wonderful, guilty yet pleased and slightly demeaned yet excited. It took me a few moments to find my voice and the words.

"Yes Carey, yes please," was the rather lame answer that came out from my mouth as my mind reeled from the confusing situation unfolding before me.

Mike leaned over me squashing my breasts with his hairy chest as his hand joined his wife's running through my hair,

"You have such a stunning body Cat," he whispered his lips once more finding my horrendously erect nipple sucking all of it deep into his mouth. I could feel his hardness pressing against my leg as he slid half on top me. Carey moved away a little as her husband positioned himself on top of me his cock moulding itself into my stomach. 

We kissed and again in some ways this seemed an even more outrageous an act to be performing with my friend's husband in front of her than the earlier climax had been. Odd thinking I know but kissing him was so personal, so intimate so loving and so close. It didn't have the sort of dispassionate element that Carey had introduced of "borrowing her husband" to relieve my sexual frustration. But as his tongue delved in my mouth and as I kissed him back with equal fervour, and as I felt him positioning himself between my thighs that I willingly and totally without inhibitions now, spread for him, such thoughts were cast from my mind. Now, sexual satisfaction and the prospect of the ecstasy of another orgasm that would remove the pangs of frustration that filled me, were my focus and little other considerations were in my mind. 

I felt Carey close to me and I looked at her as she again cradled my head in her arms. This time, though, it wasn't the feel of her cotton tee shirt on my shoulder, it wasn't the material that brushed against my cheek and chin and it wasn't her clothing that touched me. No this time it was her bare skin, this time it was her naked breasts that pressed against me as she held me in a tight and loving embrace. And it didn't feel wrong. Mike had slid down a little so that his erection was between my thighs.

"I'm going to be fucked right now," I thought rather stupidly as he pressed it against those moist and sensitive lips.

"Are you ready, Cat?" Carey whispered right in my ear squeezing my hand encouragingly. "Are you ready for Mike to make love to you? Are you ready for him to fuck you Cat?"

"Yes Carey, oh yes I am," I breathed as I saw her reach down and take hold of her husband's beautiful erection. Pulling gently on it, she placed the tip right against my blood engorged, totally soaked lips; the side of her hand touched them as well.

"Then Mike" she said quietly as she kissed him on the top of his head. "Why don't you fuck my best friend?"

I then had that absolutely fantastic feeling of a man's length sliding slowly up inside me. That marvellous sensation of being penetrated of being filled and of being, almost, consumed by a man. I grunted and groaned as those familiar but now long lost sensations rushed through me. It was so gorgeous to once more have a man inside me and I began to lose all reason and contact with reality. Mike wasn't fucking me, I realised in the normal sense of the way. He wasn't thrusting at me or surging in and out. No, what he was doing was holding himself rigidly still inside me. Why? I have no idea. But it was perfect, just right and so appropriate to what I wanted and needed. I wanted to savour and relish the feel of his hardened flesh inside me and I needed to revel in that sensation. But more so, with Carey cuddling me the situation called for that. The feel of a man inside me as a woman caressed and soothed me. I'd never experienced anything like it before. Anything like having a cock inside me whilst another woman stroked, touched and pressed herself against me. While she stroked my hair, gently rubbed my face and pressed my head against her bare chest. I then felt her leg pressing against me. Pressing against me from my hip to my toes. It was bare and I looked down at her and saw that she'd removed her shorts and was now dressed merely in a little white, lacy thong. She'd undressed I realised, taken her clothes off stripped herself almost bare in preparation I suddenly realised with a shock for joining in, for being part of this, part of us, part of me. Was I concerned? Was I outraged or shocked? No not a bit. Somehow and for some reason it seemed absolutely the perfect thing to do.

In such circumstances it wasn't at all surprising, given my extreme frustration and lack of recent sexual involvement that I started to orgasm again. But it wasn't like any climax I'd ever had before. No somehow they took me halfway up the mountainside and found a plateau of feelings and sensations there that they then carried me along without going further towards scaling the peak and reaching the crescendo. I drifted along that plane just beneath climaxing where my entire mind and body are so sensitised but not totally sated. It was wonderful. It was a state I'd never experienced before, a place I hadn't visited, a journey I'd never taken. But I was now such a willing visitor, such an avid traveller and such a supplicant participant in this amazing adventure that I took to it like a duck takes to water.

As Mike occasionally moved around inside me so my body would shudder with feelings and so low moans would burst from my mouth. As they happened so Carey would whisper to me and stroke my face and hair. As I clearly became more aroused and comfortable so they both became more adventurous. And as they did that so I responded and reciprocated.

In this wonderfully erotic, loving and tender mutual embrace boundaries became blurred and edges merged together. It was almost as if I lost the clarity to understand where my body ended and where theirs began. It was as though we were becoming one mass of naked entwined, sexually aroused flesh with no separate entities just one being. We were all connected, me completely to Mike, and Carey and me by our bodies being entwined. My arm had slipped around her and she was cradling my face to her breasts. Mike caressed my breasts as he surged slowly in and out of me holding me back from erupting with a sexual technique the level of which I didn't know existed. 

I saw that his hands were not just roaming over my body, but that he was also caressing, stroking and squeezing his wife's as Carey's fingers trailed down both his and mine. My hands had found the tender, smoothness of her back and unconsciously had stroked it sliding up towards her shoulders and down to where the roundness of her bottom sank into the softness of the bed. His hands found my breasts and squeezed and moulded their pliant, soft and so sensitive flesh. He bent his body so that his mouth could reach my hardened aching nipples and with a wantonly slurping sound he took them into his mouth the sucking, licking and chewing on the pink tips sending such incredible feelings through me. Carey's fingers slid down from my chin, slowly but purposefully. With her other hand she turned my face so our eyes met as her fingers went further downwards. As we looked deeply into each others eyes so they continued moving. Continued on a path to a destination of which we were both now aware. Her eyes looking to mine for a signal I guess. A red light or a green one? A sign from me that implied no or one that said yes. The merest shake of my head or a look in my eyes that indicated my disagreement would, I knew, mean that they would retreat from the start of the swell of my right breast that they were now lightly touching. But the nodding of my head the look of agreement in them or even I assumed the closing of them would tell her that her fingers would be welcome guests on that aching mound that so badly cried out for more attention. I smiled, I nodded and slowly closed my eyes. And then those wonderful fingers moved up the slope. They slid onto the higher parts, they moved towards the peak of those mounds. Eyes closed I felt my friend caress my breasts, fondle them and touch and then squeeze, so deliciously my nipples. I opened my eyes and hers were still looking at me. We looked into each others eyes as smiles slowly spread over both of our faces.

"Oh Cat," she sighed.

"Oh Care," I whined back still slightly smiling as I felt her cup the fullness in her hands. I closed my eyes again simply letting the feelings of what she and her husband were creating in me wash over me.

I guess that was the final barrier. The last hurdle to what, maybe, they'd planned, but what I like to think was a spontaneous act of erotic tenderness for that was how I viewed what we doing. It wasn't lesbianism or even bisexuality, it wasn't what some would consider a sexually deviant threesome. It was more, it was much, much more than that. It seemed so natural, normal and perfect: an act of sheer loving indulgence. It was a joining together of three loving friends. It was a trinity of sexual union. 

But of course the languid lovemaking couldn't continue for ever. Naturally our responding bodies demanded more, they wanted to go further, push the boundaries out and start the final ascent to the peak of the mountain of orgasm.

Mike held my breast as I watched with fascinated intensity my friend's face moved towards it. As if watching a particularly well made erotic movie I saw her lips open. It was as if he was offering her my breasts, but in this situation of near perfect sexual harmony they were not my breasts. They were our breasts. They were Mike's, Carey's and my breasts. I saw her face descend and I saw my nipple vanish inside her pink lips. I then felt the exquisite sensation of my best friend sucking my nipple at the same time as her husband started to thrust in and out of my cunt with a little more urgency.

Carey moved so that she was bent into an almost foetal position. She had her face on my chest as she now totally unashamedly made oral love to my breasts. As her mouth and teeth and her lips and hands stimulated every nerve end in my breasts and nipples and as her husband's cock did so many things to me so I found that my hand slid further down her body. So I found that touching her bottom became important to me. And so I found that I wanted to touch her and to touch her intimately. The feel of her rounded bottom at first and then the cleft in the middle slightly later was so wonderful. As was the slight pounding in my chest as my fingers touched her. As were her fingers leaving my breast and now, with little hesitation, sliding under me and fumbling between my bottom and bed. As was the desire that she created in me. I realised I wanted her to touch me and that I wanted to touch her.

I moved my bottom a little so that she had more room and then I felt my entire body buck as my long term friend's fingers touched the lips of my vagina that were stretched and opened by her husband's penis. Carey moved her bottom which my hand was caressing. She moved it in a suggestive and inviting way. In a way that opened her up and in a way that clearly indicated what she wanted me to do.

It felt so perfectly natural, so appropriate and so wonderful to be giving pleasure to my friend who was rapidly also becoming my lover. 

Almost at the same time as Carey touched the back of the lips of my vagina so mine found the swollen, velvety wetness of hers. My heart pounded as I ran my fingers along them replicating the movements that men had done on mine and which had pleasured me so much in the past. 

But it all got too much for us. Mike had been in me now for a long time and understandably he could not wait. Carey had been slowly building up to making love to me and I had had a man in me and a woman caressing me for what seemed an age. And now we really were as one emotionally for we each needed, almost desperately it seemed, to gain the release from the sexual torment that extreme arousal creates.

"Oh fuck me Mike," I couldn't help gasping. "Please fuck me now, I can't wait."

"Yes Mike fuck Cat," Carey breathed her fingers slipping just inside my lips.

"Oh god yes, yes," he moaned as he started thrusting harder and harder at me. It was glorious and I started to cum. I started to lose conscious and logical thought as the sensations roaring through my body distorted my mind. I went into that state of such arousal and sexual extremity that I might just as well been unconscious. I lost all sense and meaning and had no idea whatsoever about what I was doing and what I was saying. My body became a receptacle for them to pleasure. My breasts were mounds for them to adore and my cunt became the focus of everything. Of Mike's cock. Of Carey's fingers and of my feelings. I orgasmed very heavily indeed. It wasn't until those feelings subsided a little that I felt the wetness of Carey clamped firmly around my fingers and I then realised they were buried deeply inside her. She was grunting and clasping her thighs around my hand.

"Oh, oh, oh. Oh yes, yes Cat, yes," she moaned as her fingers dug deeply into my breast. The three of us were a pile of naked thrusting, convulsing flesh as we all climaxed together. As we had the most mutual of three-way orgasms. As each of us made the other cum so heavily and strongly

I woke the next morning alone. Almost immediately my eyes opened my mind flicked back to last night. My first thought was had it really happened? Maybe it had been a dream? But I knew that it hadn't been and that indeed last night I had made love to my best friend as her husband had fucked me.