I wanted our last night together to be slow and gentle but she wouldn't let me. Jasmine twisted her body, rolled her hips heavily against mine. I had to force her to slow down by holding her hips down against the bed, and will my body not to come inside of her. That was exactly what she wanted; our last night to be quick and painless. I wouldn't let her. I wanted her to know what she was leaving behind. I wanted her to feel how much this was hurting me. I bit her where her neck met her shoulder. She shuddered and arched against me slowly the way she always did when I did something right.
My mind conjured up images of the first time I bit her in that spot. The spot I created. I remembered the first moment I saw her in that club like it was five minutes ago. In actuality, it had been nearly two and a half years. The memory of that first time in the backseat of my car came back and the pain of losing her lanced through me. I ignored it and slowly licked the small bite mark I left behind while fucking her slowly, pushing deeply into her at the end of each stroke. Her pussy contracting tightly around me when I'd pull out. She made a sound of pleasure and frustration.
She tried to move faster beneath me. I stopped moving entirely. I slid my hand up her side and over her breast, teasing her nipple with my palm before pinching it with my fingers. Her body rocked against mine. Her nipples were incredibly sensitive. I could make her come by just sucking or touching them right. I tugged and rolled it between my fingers, she moved her hips in time with my hand. After a few minutes, her hips began moving faster against mine. I knew she was about to come. I stopped. She gasped as though she was in pain. I felt her go pliant beneath me, her breath ragged.
"Rocky, baby, make me come." She begged me, her voice low and hoarse.
"You want this to end so soon?" I asked, sarcasm lacing my voice. We'd been going at it for nearly two hours. Two hours of steady fucking with periodic pauses to lay kisses on her neck and breasts and to not come too soon.
I began to rotate my hips slowly, agonizingly slow. She caught my rhythm immediately, her hips meeting mine at just the right moment at the perfect angle. I stopped moving again, fighting against the urge to fuck her senseless. Not yet. I had so much to tell her and this was my last chance.
I slid my hands up over her shoulders and around her neck. I tilted her head back and kissed her jaw, her chin. She tried to move her head to the side when I kissed my way towards her mouth. She still didn't want me to kiss her on the lips. Anger welled up in my throat. I shut my eyes tight against the prick of tears and pushed my fingers into her hair, cradling her head. I looked into her eyes and slowly pulled out until only the very tip of my cock was inside her. I felt her body tense, anticipating the pounding to follow. Instead I slid back in just as slowly, hitting all the right places I'd discovered in the time I spent with her. Her eyes glazed over as she wrapped her legs tighter around my waist. I smiled and licked her full bottom lip. She licked it when I pulled away. I bent down and kissed her deeply, forcing my tongue in her mouth. She sucked it, pulling it deeper into her mouth. I loved it when she did that. The thought of her never doing it again rose into my thoughts, making my heart ache again.
I changed the angle of my hips. She released my tongue. "I love you." I whispered against her lips. I felt her stiffen beneath me.
"No. Just fuck me. Please just fuck me." She whispered. I felt another surge of helpless anger. I pulled her hair hard enough to make her cry out in pain.
"Alright. Lets fuck." I muttered. My eyes burned as I pulled out of her so quickly her body bucked. I flipped her over and pulled her up by her hips. She barely had time to push up on her hands when I slammed into her, making her fall onto her elbows for support. She screamed for me, her voice nowhere near that of pain.
I slammed into her as deeply and as hard as I could and ground my hips against her soft ass, the head of my cock hitting the end of her each time I pounded into her. She turned her head against the bed, her profile visible through thick locks of her hair. I watched her face go back and forth between intense pleasure and intense pain every few seconds. She bit her lip. The small act so sexy I lost my rhythm for a moment.
Her eyes was closed but she was smiling She knew exactly why I hesitated. I pounded into her harder as punishment for making me lose that small bit of control. She cried out and immediately buried her face in the pillows. It became routine for her to find something to muffle her screams. Too often we've had neighbors pound on the walls.
"Is this what you want?" I asked between clenched teeth. My voice so low with anger it was unrecognizable even to me. I tilted her hips down and felt her pussy squeeze me. The feeling made me tremble. I pushed deeper into her making her grunt in pain. This was an angle that felt incredible to me but not so good to her. I pushed harder and closed my eyes. I never understood why this angle felt so fucking amazing. I slowed down to prolong the pleasure.
She said something with her face still buried in the pillows.
"What's that?" I murmured. I'd almost forgotten I asked her a question. She turned her head to the side and looked at me, her dark eyes glowing with unshed tears and defiance. "Yes."
She was going to fight me the whole way. I didn't know what to do, what to say. How do I make her see? Why wasn't this tearing her apart like it was me? Did the past two years mean nothing to her? The futility of my efforts to make her stay weighed on me. I pulled out of her again, flipped her on her back and climbed up her body. I straddled her chest and pointed my cock at her mouth, her soft lips brushing against the tip.
"Suck it." I ordered. Her dark eyes widened at the command. Obediently, she slowly opened her mouth and I slid in, watching the length of it slowly sink pass her lips. She angled her head to take as much in as she could from that angle. She sat up against the pillow and pulled my hips towards her, pulling me all in, her nose against my stomach.
"Fuck yes. Just like that."
She sucked me lovingly, her tongue caressing the underside, her hand stroking my balls, tugging gently. She tightened her lips around me suddenly and began doing it slow, using her other hand to stoke it and twisting her head back and forth as she went up and down. That always drove me crazy. I braced my hand on the headboard, intending on pulling out before the inevitable happened. She sucked harder, faster. She squeezed my cock with her hand while she did the same with my balls with the other. My mind shut down. I gripped the headboard with both hands and fucked her mouth as though it was her cunt. She moaned and the sound vibrated along my cock. That was it. I buried it deep in her mouth, my load shooting straight down her throat in hot spurts.
She swallowed without hesitation, a drop of it dribbled out of her mouth and down her cheek. She looked up at me, her dark eyes sparkling and beautiful, her lips still surrounding my cock. I felt that wave of possessiveness, now familiar to me. No woman had ever inspired this feeling of ownership except this one.
No woman had ever left me, either. Jasmine was a first in many aspects. She pulled away from my cock, dropping a kiss on the tip. Somehow I was still hard as a rock but I had other plans. She tried to get up but I was still straddling her.
"We're not finished." I said as I lazily stroked my cock. She raised her eyebrows.
"Well, you're not going to make this easy, are you?" she asked idly, lying back against the pillow. She sounded calm but I saw the temper and defiance flashing in her eyes. I loved her eyes. I rubbed the head of my cock on her lips, watching them move, leaving behind a streak of fluid on her lips. She licked them slowly, automatically.
"Are you?" she repeated. I looked at her and smiled. I knew it wasn't a happy smile.
"Of course, not. This shouldn't be happening. You shouldn't be leaving. I don't want you to leave so I am making you really think hard on this." I backed up and kneeled between her legs, breathing in her scent. I slowly licked her clit, up and down. She sighed and ran her hands through my dreads, pulling them gently. I sucked and licked her, knowing this was the last time. I watched her face, the way her eyes rolled back when I hit a good spot. She'd bite her lip when she was near orgasm and I'd slow down, making her groan in disappointment. I buried my tongue inside her, working her clit with one hand while pinching her nipple with the other. She rotated her hips against my face, nearly suffocating me, then I'd pull away when she moved faster, her lower lip caught between her teeth again. She growled low making my cock twitch against the bed. The need to fuck her was sudden and overwhelming.
I pulled up and laid back on top of her. I positioned myself at her pussy and pushed in. She opened for me, wrapping her legs tightly around my waist.
"Have you thought about this hard enough." I managed to ask. She was so wet, so perfect.
"It's hard enough for me." She answered. She bit her lip again as I slid in deeper, my balls pressed against her ass.
"Not hard enough to stay, though." I whispered. Not a question, a statement. I strained against her, buried so deep inside. Her pussy squeezed me like a vice. She shut her eyes tight. Her face flushed with pleasure and pain. She expelled a breath and opened her eyes and looked at me. She answered me with her eyes.
"Well then there is nothing left to say is there?" I replied, keeping my voice as light as I could. She closed her eyes again. "Well fuck it."
I buried my face in her neck and fucked the shit out of her. The bed shook violently, banging against the wall, everything in the room seeming to shake in time with my rhythm. I couldn't hear or see anything. All I could do was feel her, smell her. Her neck was slick with sweat. I licked her, savoring the sweet and salty taste of her. I lifted one of her legs allowing me to slide even deeper into her. Her groans and screams stopped abruptly. She was about to come. I lifted my head and watched her face. Her eyes were shut, her mouth open wide with what was a silent scream. A low groan started low in her throat. I felt her begin to convulse around me.
"Tell me you love me." I whispered in her ear. I knew she was going to deny me that but her orgasm overtook her before the words passed her lips.
"Oh, GOD, Rocky. Baby, I love you. I love. . ." she couldn't finish. As her body shook uncontrollably beneath me, I watched silent tears course down her cheeks. I kissed them away.
"You don't have to go." I said. She looked at me and nodded, a strange combination of sadness and satisfaction in her eyes. I pulled out of her and she rolled to her side, away from me. I pressed against her back and stroked her nipples slowly. It always put her right to sleep after a night of sex. She was out nearly instantly. I kissed her neck and closed my eyes and was asleep nearly as fast as she was.
The next morning I knew before I opened my eyes she was gone. I moved to the imprint she left in the bed, cold but still carrying a trace of her scent. I slowly breathed her in for the last time before getting up to start my first day without her.