Hawaiian Abduction
by DBwriter51
Copyright© 2022 by DBwriter51

Chapter 5

When Bart got out of the shower, Kaimana was drying off. While he was doing the same, she finished and wrapped a towel around her wet hair. That prompted Bart to tell the teen, “There is a comb, hairbrush, and blow-dryer in the drawer to your left. Make yourself presentable.”

“May I have something to wear?” the eighteen-year-old beauty asked, in a low pleading voice.

“You have not earned that right yet,” Bart replied, and left the nude teen in the bathroom to blow-dry and brush out her long hair. He was well pleased with Kaimana’s progress. Bart then got dressed and left her cabin. After blow-drying her hair, still nude, she came out of the bathroom to find Don, Earl, and Harvey in her cabin. Don looking at the beautiful and sexy nude teen said, “Bart said you needed some more practice at giving head,” while starting to take off his clothes.

It was common for Bart and his men to sexually abuse their abductees in the presence of each other, and where it was often a gangbang with the men repeatedly sexually abusing a captive, one after the other, over several hours. Sometimes doing her a second and even a third time before letting the bitch rest. It was the fastest way to break a captive’s will to resist without using drugs. Kaimana knew that she really had no choice in the matter. Her abductors could force her to do whatever they wanted. Even to suck off their disgusting cocks, and be severely punished if she failed to swallow their appalling and disgusting male cum.

Terrified, the beautiful Hawaiian teen stood there nude in front of the three grown men, while Don finished taking off his clothes. Once he was naked, Kaimana could see he already had a hard-on. Earl and Harvey had sat down on the padded bench. Don went over and sat on the side of Kaimana’s bunk. Stroking his erection, while looking at the young beauty, he demandingly said, “Get your ass over here and get on your knees and give me a blowjob, and it better be a damn good one. You are going to swallow all my cum or be harshly punished.”

Kaimana slowly walked over to Don. Her flawless D-cup breasts delightfully jiggled and were on full display in his face. He reached out and pinched her nipples, causing Kaimana to let out a whimper but was afraid to pull back. When he pinched them harder, she could not control begging, and cried out, “Please stop! You’re hurting me! I’ll do what you want.” Don turned loose of her nipples but continued to grope her nude breasts as tears trickled down her pretty cheeks.

Finally turning loose of her nude breasts Don said, “Now bitch, get to sucking my cock.” The nude teen slowly got down on her knees there in front of Don. With the other two men watching, the young Hawaiian beauty lowered her head and wrapped her sexy lips around the head of Don’s cock. She then started moving her head up-and-down, sucking the second cock of her young life. Kaimana initially gagged, but as with Bart, after a couple minutes of performing fellatio, once again the teen was able to stop gagging.

When Don ejaculated in her mouth, Kaimana swallowed his cum and kept sucking him until she was sure his cock had quit spurting out more cum. She was afraid of being punished if she pulled back too soon. Once Kaimana was sure she had successfully swallowed all of Don’s cum, she raised her head and let his spent cock slip out of her mouth.

“You are learning, and by the time you leave the yacht you will be giving head like a pro,” Don told Kaimana.

Earl had decided he wanted to fuck the beautiful young Hawaiian teen again. While he was getting naked and rolling a lubricated condom on his erection, Don and Harvey got Kaimana on the bunk on her back. Don then told the teen, “Spread your legs like a good obedient young whore.” It was the first time the previously innocent teen had been called a whore and left little doubt in her mind that she was going to be forced into prostitution. Grudgingly, to avoid being punished, the beautiful Hawaiian teen spread her smooth sexy legs, making her pussy available to be fucked.

Earl then climbed on top of Kaimana. He could feel her nude and extremely nice D-cup breasts against his bare chest while probing for the entrance of her pussy with the head of his cock. Then suddenly, Kaimana let out a loud groaning moan as Earl’s hard cock went deep into her pussy. The Hawaiian beauty was now being fucked again by a member of the criminal gang that had abducted her.

After Earl finished fucking her, Kaimana was forced to give Harvey a blowjob. When he ejaculated in her mouth, she swallowed her third load of male cum while thinking, ‘One more and I will have been forced to suck off all of my abductors. I know that I don’t have a choice. Maybe if they let me off this damn yacht, I can escape.’

Now that Earl had recovered from fucking the Hawaiian beauty, it was his turn to get a blowjob from Kaimana. While it absolutely disgusted her, she was thankful, at least, that it no longer nauseated her making her want to throw-up after swallowing male cum. She sucked Earl’s cock and when he ejaculated, she swallowed down his cum. Then for the next several hours, Don, Harvey, and Earl, took turns sexually abusing Kaimana.

There were at least two of the men with her at all times. Occasionally, one left to deal with other matters, but would return in time to keep the sexual abuse going. It was part of Kaimana’s training of becoming a prostitute, where it would be common for her to have sex with multiple men in a given day. The lubricated condoms the men were using while fucking Kaimana, along with her pussy’s natural female response of being fucked, were keeping her vagina slick, and minimizing the soreness between her legs.

After the first couple of hours, Kaimana just laid there groaning and moaning with her smooth sexy young legs flopped open as cock after cock kept fucking her. She would have preferred passing out. However, the sexy young Hawaiian teen was conscious throughout the whole ordeal. After they finally finished with her for the time being, Kaimana was dragged off the bunk and forced into the shower. Overcome by the intense sexual abuse, she crouched in the corner of the shower.

The men than left her there as the warm water ran over her nude body. After finally regaining her composure, though extremely sore between her legs, Kaimana managed to get up and shower off. When she attempted to wash in-between her legs, she found that her pussy lips were puffy and really sore from all the fucking she was forced to endure.

Bart meanwhile was in Kalena Akamai’s cabin. A day had passed since her and her daughter’s abduction. She had been kept locked in her cabin and was unaware that her young employee had been abducted also and was aboard the yacht. Kalena would have been even more terrified if she had known that Kaimana was being repeatedly raped. Kalena feared more for her daughter, Kehaulani, than she did for herself.

During the first week aboard the yacht all the new females were kept locked in their respective cabins. LeeAnn would fix their meals and deliver them. One of the men would always escort her to keep the captives from trying to escape or talk to LeeAnn. However, even if one of the captives somehow got out of their cabins, as far as they could get was on deck; unless they wanted to swim twenty-five miles to shore, being the yacht was sailing well into international waters to avoid any accidental encounter with the Coast Guard.

When Bart come into Kalena’s cabin, she demanded to know where her daughter was. The beautiful and sexy travel agent was still wearing the dress she had on when abducted. It was a nice dress that accented her incredibly sexy body, but not to the point of being slutty. She knew in the travel business, it was extremely competitive, and it was usually men that made the plans when using a travel agent. Being extremely pretty and sexy certainly made the men more comfortable doing business with her.

Kalena would even flirt with the men if their wives or girlfriends were not around. However, she never let it get out of hand and was quick to point out that she was happily married with three children. Occasionally, she would even be propositioned. Sometimes for a substantial amount of money, for anywhere from a couple of hours to an all-night at one of the local hotels.

If it had not been for Kalena’s conviction to her marriage vows, she might have accepted a couple of the extremely handsome and well-spoken men’s invitation. Kalena’s closest high school friend was now working for an escort service that catered to affluent men visiting the islands. She often sent Kalena business and had even tried to get Kalena to do some independent work with her. Telling her that she could make a week’s income from spending a couple of hours on her back doing what she did for her husband for free. Her friend was aware that Kalena had been having sex with her boyfriend in high school and had gotten knocked-up and had to get married.

The beautiful and sexy wife had to admit it was flattering knowing men would pay a tremendous amount of money to have sex with her, but she could never bring herself to do something as immoral as being a prostitute. Even on an occasional basis with her friend. Now Kalena and her daughter had been abducted by sex traffickers and she had not seen Kehaulani since they were brought aboard the yacht together. She certainly feared for hers and her daughter’s safety. Kalena knew the type of men that would go to the extent of abducting girls and women were capable of doing anything. She had known it would just be a matter of time before she was raped, and she feared the same fate for her daughter.

“What have you done with Kehaulani?” her mother screamed out, demanding to know, when Bart come into the cabin where she was being held.

He walked over to the beautiful travel agent, and before she could react, Bart said, “You do not speak unless you are required to answer a specific response,” as he quickly slapped her left cheek. Not enough to really hurt her, but hard enough to let her know that she was at his mercy. Big tears formed in her pretty brown eyes as Bart reached out and ripped the front of her dress open. She tried to back away, but the bunk was preventing her from backing any farther.

“I am sure by now you have figured out why we took you. We are businessmen, and you are a commodity. For the next month or so, you will be living on the yacht and performing sexually for myself and my men, and anyone else that we might decide to let use you. After that, you will be delivered to one of our customers that pays for young women and teen girls ready to work servicing their clients as prostitutes. If you think you can resist, I assure you, you can’t.”

“One young wife, a few years younger than you, thought she could, but after a couple of weeks of daily doses of methamphetamine, she now spends hours each day fucking and sucking off multiple men. That could be your fate. However, keep your mouth shut, do what you are told, and perform your sexual duties satisfactorily and you will not be treated badly, other than occasionally engaging in rough sex.”

Lacy Arnett was an incredibly beautiful and sexy twenty-one-year-old wife that they had abducted a few months back. At 5’4” and 115lbs, she had an extremely sexy body. Her measurements were 35-23-35 with nice C-cup breasts. Lacy had blonde hair that hung down just below her shoulders and pretty blue eyes. After she had been raped by the four men for a couple of days, Lacy was still defiant. That was when Bart decided to drug her with methamphetamine.

The first day, Lacy was given an injection of meth which caused an immediate rush, followed by a tremendous high. She went wild gyrating her hips and having extremely aggressive sex with all four men as they fucked her. After her first day on meth, each evening she was given a drink with meth dissolved in it. After a week of daily use, Lacy was now completely under control. The previously innocent young wife now would perform any lewd sexual act the men required as they took her in every imaginable way. After a month on the yacht, Lacy was taken to Paradise Island and sold.

“As far as the daughter that you used to have, she is no longer a concern of yours. She will be earning her keep, same as you. My men have already found her quite accommodating. They said she liked it and is going to make a fine young prostitute.” Bart told Kalena Akamai. However, the part about her daughter already having had sex with his men was a lie. His rationale was that if Kalena believed her daughter had already been raped and was having sex with men, she would be less likely to try to protect her daughter, knowing she had already been sexually abused and no longer was an innocent virgin.

Kalena was standing there with the front of her dress torn open and her 32C bra exposed. With no way of escaping and nowhere to run, the beautiful travel agent stood there and allowed Bart to feel her breasts through her bra while tears run down her pretty face. She wrenched and groaned when he pinched her nipples through her bra. Satisfied that he had made his point, Bart turned loose of her nipples. Even in her bra, they were now poking out.

“Get your fucking clothes off,” Bart told the sexy brunette, in a harsh and demanding voice. It would be the first time she would be taking off her clothes in front of a man that was not her husband. Kalena eased her torn dress off of her shoulders and let it bunch up around her slim waist. She then grudgingly reached behind her back and unhooked her 32C bra.

When she hesitated, Bart reached out and grabbed it and jerked it away from her sexy body. In the process her absolutely flawless nude breasts, that three kids had sucked milk from, jiggled with her hard nipples poking out. After nursing three kids, they were perpetually erect and required padded bras when she did not want to have them poke through her clothes. Of course, while at work she would let them show through her thinner bras as the men were fascinated by them.

“You know, I have always wanted to have sex with a native Hawaiian bitch,” Bart said, while now being able to grope Kalena’s exposed nude breasts unobstructed. Big tears were running down her pretty face and she wrenched when Bart pinched her poking out nipples, as she begged, “Please stop hurting me! I’ll do what you want,” in a low defeated voice. The beautiful travel agent knew this vile disgusting man and his friends could force her to do anything they wanted. Her only hope was to survive until she could escape, and hopefully find her daughter.

For now, she was able to wiggle and push her dress down past her well-formed ass. Now bunched around her ankles the beautiful Hawaiian travel agent stepped out of her dress. Kalena was now standing there in front of Bart in only her panties and high heels. After taking a deep breath and closing her pretty brown eyes, she slid her panties down her smooth sexy legs. The soft brown hair of her neatly trimmed brown muff was now exposed.

Kalena then stepped out of her panties, leaving her in only her high heels that she had worn to work when abducted. When she started to slip them off, Bart stopped her and said, “No, leave them on, it will make you sexy and sluttier while being fucked. Now get your ass on the bunk and spread those incredibly sexy legs that I know your husband has spent a lot of time in-between. He should have made you to keep having babies. Bitches like you are only good for two things, having babies and sex.”

The beautiful travel agent eased on the bed and spread her legs like she was ordered to do. Bart, now naked, got on top of her and settled in-between her soft and smooth sexy thighs. He was a bigger man and heavier than her husband. Bart’s larger body forced her legs wider. Then she felt the head of his cock shoving against her pussy lips. Kalena let out a loud groaning moan when she felt Bart’s hard cock being forced into her pussy. She could feel him going deeper into her vagina than her husband had been capable of.

She was now being fucked for the first time by a man that was not her husband. It was nothing like hers and her husband’s love making. Her husband was always gentle and loving, even when he took her virginity as a young teen. This vile abhorrent man on top of her was pounding her pussy really hard. It caused her to groan and her sexy legs to jerk every time he slammed into her. Obviously, he was not caring what it felt like to her. She was just there to be used for his sexual gratification, no matter how unwilling she was, and how much it disgusted her being forced.

Kalena even felt more humiliation when she felt Bart’s cock inside her pussy pulsate. She then felt his hot baby-making cum being released inside her and was at least thankful she was on the pill and would not be impregnated by a vile disgusting rapist. He continued to slide his cock in-and-out of Kalena’s pussy while his cock kept spurting more cum into her. Once he had stopped ejaculating, Bart pulled his deflating cock out of the beautiful travel agent and got up off of her while saying, “Not a bad fuck for an untrained bitch. However, your stay with us will certainly overcome that.”

Bart then put his clothes on, grabbed her clothes, and left the sexy travel agent’s cabin while thinking, ‘The bitch does have one fine pussy. She just needs to learn it is a commodity that men are going to pay to stick their hard cocks in. Once she understands there is no other life for her, she will make a damn fine prostitute and money maker. I am going to come back in a couple of hours and let her wrap those sexy lips around my cock and give me a blowjob. Wonder if she has ever performed fellatio and swallowed cum?” She is certainly going to be doing a lot of that in the upcoming weeks with us.’

When Bart left, Kalena closed her spread legs and rolled over crying. She was thinking, ‘If I manage to escape, will my husband even want me back, knowing that I have been having sex with other men? Will it make a difference that I was raped. Oh God! What else are these vile depraved men going to do to me. I have no doubt that they are going to force me to suck their cocks. I never even did that for my husband. Her stomach clenched as she remembered her escort friend talking about anal sex and that they might require her to do such a despicable act.’

A couple of hours later when Bart came back into the cabin. The beautiful travel agent had been lying on the bunk still nude. When she heard the door being unlocked, Kalena raised up and sat on the side of the bed. She had stopped crying and beggingly asked, “Can I please see my daughter?”

That proved to be unwise. Bart walked over to Kalena and before she could react, he gave her exposed left breasts a hard slap, causing excruciating pain to inundate her brain while saying, “You no longer have a daughter. The young bitch is our property, same as you. The one you had is now a whore like you, and you will not speak of her in that term ever again. If you are required to speak about her, you will address her as Bitch Kehaulani or Whore Kehaulani. Oh, by-the-way, you will address any male as Sir, regardless of age.” Then, to reinforce his dominance, Bart gave Kalena’s right nude breast a hard slap, causing more excruciating pain.

“You are no longer a wife with a husband and mother to the young bitch Kehaulani. You are now a whore that, after we get through with you, men are going to pay to have sex with you. You will perform to their satisfaction and do whatever they desire, or you will be punished,” Bart told Kalena, in a harsh and demanding voice, and then asked, “Do you understand me ... whore?”

With her nude breasts still hurting, Kalena managed to whimper out, “Yes sir,” in a low defeated voice. The once innocent wife and mother now had no misgivings. She was property to be used, bought, and sold with no will of her own. She then watched as Bart took off his clothes. As least the pain in her breasts had mostly subsided. However, the sides of her extremely nice C-cup breasts still had a reddish tint where they were slapped.

“You ever sucked a cock?” Bart asked.

“No Sir,” Kalena replied, in a low somber voice remembering what he had told her about addressing men by ‘Sir.’

“Even when you were not a whore and used to be married?” Bart calmly asked, while stroking his cock that was now hard. He was pleased that she was so quickly adapting to calling him sir, it meant she might be quick to train.

“No Sir, never,” Kalena answered, in a low subdued voice.

Bart reached out and slid his fingers in the beautiful travel agent’s long soft brown hair, gripping the back of her head. “I’m sure you have an idea of how to do it. Just remember not to use your teeth if you don’t wish to be severely punished,” he said. He then stepped closer while pulling forward on her pretty head. The corresponding movements caused the head of Bart’s cock to push against Kalena’s sexy lips. She told herself that she had no choice and opened her mouth, allowing Bart’s cock to slip into her mouth. Holding her head, he fucked her hot mouth while sliding in-and-out between her sexy lips for a couple of minutes. Surprisingly, even though she had never had a cock in her mouth before, she was not gagging.

Satisfied now that Kalena would now do what she was told, he turned loose of her head and pulled his cock out of her mouth. He then laid down on the bunk, on his back, and said, “Now whore, give me a blowjob and show me how well you can suck cock and swallow cum.”

Bart had moved around her while lying on his back. Kalena, still sitting on the side of the bunk, turned to where she could lean over and take Bart’s still hard cock in her mouth. He groped her nude breasts while she moved her head up-and-down sucking his cock. He liked the way her beautiful thick mane of long soft brown hair fell on his thighs and around his balls each time she lowered her lips to the base of his cock. Kalena was actually giving a much better blowjob than he had anticipated.

However, even though she was not gagging while sucking Bart’s cock, Kalena was unprepared to receive a mouthful of male cum. When his cock erupted in her mouth, she held her breath for a couple of seconds as her mouth filled with cum, causing her pretty cheeks to bulge out. She was conflicted because she did not want to swallow the disgusting cum, but the longer she held it in her mouth the longer she had to suffer with the taste on her tongue. Then, she heard Bart’s demanding voice, “Swallow my damn cum, whore.” With that, the beautiful travel agent chokingly gulped down her first load of male cum. Kalena felt nauseous but managed the control the urge to throw-up.

“If that were actually your first-time sucking cock, I would give you a passing grade. Not a high grade, but a passing grade, nevertheless. After a lot more practice, you will be acceptable,” Bart told Kalena, showing no empathy for her while putting his clothes on. He then left her cabin. Once he was out the door, Kalena jumped up and ran nude into the bathroom and was thankful that her abductors had furnished all the abductees with personal items such as, comb, hairbrush, toothbrush, and toothpaste. Kalena brushed her teeth and rinsed her mouth out trying to get rid of the taste of male cum. A taste she would become acutely acquainted with.

