Teen Girl Pantsing / Stripping Pranks & Games 



hi, it's been a while. ok here's a real nasty one for you.. 

It was around 9th grade and I was still living with my step Mom, who is an alcoholic, and VERY strict and mean to me. I was already in hot water with her for getting detention at school for cutting class. One night me, Mom and my step brother went out to dinner and while at the table I forgot to say thank you for something I was served. When the waitress walked away I was warned very sternly about my manners. The waitress came back and gave us our meals and I said thank you but when we were eating I drank all my soda and accidentally let out a burp. My brother laughed and my mother barked out, "That is quite enough!". When the waitress came back I said "Can I get a refill?" and as she walked away I got the sternest looks from her as I realized I hadn’t said “please” again. Well my mom got up grabbed me and said you wont forget this and spanked me across the butt...right there in the restaurant! Then she dragged me to the kitchen and made me apologize to the waitress for having no manners. I apologized but purposely said it in a way that wasn’t sincere just to spite her. She made me do it again and I still refused to say it sincerely. 

After, when we got home I got dragged to my room by my ear and pulled over her lap. She started to spank me but I resisted so she held me down and said she was now going to pull down my jeans and spank me on my bare butt for being rude. The door was wide open and my step brother was standing right there watching the whole thing. I cried out that it wasn’t fair to force my pants off right in front of him but she didn’t care at all. As a matter of fact she said she wanted him to watch what happens to bad kids with no manners. I begged and fought so much that she eventually order him to help hold me down while she tried to get my jeans down. She even asked him to help pull them down and he did! With my jeans undone she held me down as he grabbed the waist and wrestled them down past my ass to my knees. Once he had them down you could see that I was wearing a thong which my Mom was totally against and didn’t even know I wore. She spanked my butt very hard right in front of my brother till I cried. Then she made me stand up and take my thong off and hand it to her. It was so humiliating being right in front of my brother totally bottomless and crying. I tried to cover my front but she would not let me. Then to add to my humiliation I was made to stand in the corner with nothing but my top on, and my brother still there watching, while she searched every inch of my room for thongs or anything else unacceptable. Every time she came across a pair of thong underwear in my drawer she’d reach over and swat my butt once or twice. 

Then the most humiliating thing happened. She found a vibrator (oops) I had hidden in the bottom of my sock drawer. It was a gag gift one of my friends had given me a long time ago and I had only played with it a couple times but it looked otherwise to her. She was outraged at me having some thing like this and waved it in my face screaming at me calling me a little tramp and a slut. Roughly she pulled me back over her lap pulling my thighs apart. Still screaming at me she pushed the vibrator right up my pussy then turned it on! She held it in and cruelly spanked me across both cheeks harder than ever before as I cried and kicked to get free. I struggled so much she ordered my brother to hold my ankles down while she held me in place. I could not get up and my step brother was down low at my ankles looking up right between my legs! From his angle I am sure he saw everything as my step mom held my cheeks apart spanking me making sure the vibrator stayed deep inside me. I looked back to see him with an evil smirk on his face loving every minute of my humiliation. I cried and protested so much my step mother balled up a few thongs and shoved them in my mouth to muffle me. As horrible as it was the buzzing of the vibrator against my clit as she tanned my cheeks soon became to much to bear. I felt a wave of warmth and wetness come over me and I felt the vibrator loosen and slide around in my juices. In between the stinging slaps across my raw red buttocks I felt the first orgasm hit me hard. My body tensed up as I grunted into my muffled gagged mouth. My step mother paid no mind and kept up with the vicious spanking till another one hit me again. Crying and broken I just lay there limp as she continued with the spanking for another few minutes till I think she was just plain warn out from spanking me. She finally let me up and I ran into the bathroom holding my privates in front and back and hid in there for hours crying and a shamed. 

A few days later I ran away from home and eventually made it to my Uncle’s. I told him how mean my step Mom was (but didn’t tell him the full details) and shortly after he let me move in and took care of me. He never let my step mom near me again.





