Author: mypenname3000
Title: Shipwrecked on Futa Island Chapter Five: Elise's Submissive Futa Desire
Summary:  A naughty girl's fantasies of being saved by Tarzan after being shipwrecked become wild when a sexy futa-savage find her.
Keywords: Mf fsolo Hsolo Hf oral inter 1st voy exhib

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Elise Hart

Your mother's the preacher's wife, and hear you are blowing my dick, the captain of the cruise ship groaned. A preacher's daughter is sucking my cock like a whore.

I grinned as I peered onto the bridge to see my younger sister blowing the captain. My goth sister worked her mouth up and down the handsome man's cock. She suckled on him with such passion. I couldn't help but gawk at the pervy sight.

I knew my little sister was a slut, but I had no idea she was this wild. Mom would freak out if she saw this. It would melt her mind to see just how much of a whore Chantelle was. I should tell Mom that she was here, but...

It was sort of hot watching. 

My pussy was so juicy as I spied on Chantelle bobbing her head. Her dyed-black hair swayed around her pale face. She used foundation to make herself look even whiter with black lipstick and dark mascara. I shivered at this. I had never seen porn before. Watching it was so... arousing.

Yes, yes, yes, grunted the captain, his face twisting with passion. Oh, damn, that's good. That's so fucking good, Chantelle! Suckle that dick.

Chantelle would make him cum. I swallowed and slid my hand down my body to my shorts. I rubbed at my pussy. Masturbation was a sin. My mom told me that all the time. But, still, I was weak a lot of the time. And right now...

This was so hot.

Chantelle's black lips worked up and down his thick and long shaft. I couldn't believe that a dick could be that big. And she fit so much of it into her mouth. She slobbered on him. My heart pounded in my chest as I started rubbing at my hot pussy through my shorts and panties.

I shuddered at how good that was. I pushed the fabric of my panties into my pussy lips and clit. Little shivers swept through me. I bit my lip to avoid moaning. Right now, our mother was tearing the ship apart looking for Chantelle. She knew that my little sister had gone off to fuck one of the crew members.

The captain on the bridge. That was so hot.

I rubbed so fast on my clit as the man grunted louder and louder. He must be near to cumming. That was so hot. I massaged my bud, my cunt clenching as she nursed on him with such obvious enthusiasm. She wanted his cum.

My phone beeped. I gasped, knowing it was Mom sending me a text. The cruise ship had wireless, letting our phones all work like they would back in the house. Satellite internet was an amazing thing. I had to answer.

Still rubbing my clit, I pulled out my phone with my other hand. I shuddered as I read her message. Have you found her yet?

I hesitated, then texted one-handed, Not yet, Mom.

I'm so wicked, I thought, shocked that I had done that. This wave of heat rushed through me.

That's it, panted the captain. His muscular chest rose and fell. Captain Lucas O'Connell was such a hunky man. I got why my sister was blowing him. Oh, fuck, that is it. You're going a get a mouthful of my spunk.

It was about to happen. I rubbed so furiously at my pussy, the need to cum building in me. 

Yes! he snarled. His body bucked. His cock pulsed. 

I heard my sister swallowing his cum. I whimpered through my clenched teeth. My pussy soaked my panties. The wet cloth clung to my pussy lips. I massaged my bud, my virgin pussy clenching with my building orgasm. I was so close to that moment. To my sinful climax.

I loved abusing my pussy. Masturbation couldn't be a sin if it felt so good. It wasn't sex. I wasn't being naughty like my little sister. I was being a good girl, saving myself until marriage. I was just having fun until then.

Self-love.

Swallow it, you goth fucking slut! grunted the captain.

You are a goth fucking slut, I whimpered as my sister swallowed all that jizz, her naked body quivering. 

Then she popped off his cock. She stood, her slender body gleaming in the lights of the bridge. She moved to the windows at the front. She bent over and thrust out her rump. I gasped as I saw my sister's shaved pussy. I had no idea she did that.

Fuck me so hard, Captain! Chantelle purred. I need a real man to pound my pussy!

My sister was such a slut.

Yes, you fucking do, the captain growled.

He turned and moved towards her. I stared at his muscular ass. His balls swung between his meaty thighs. I shuddered at the sight of them as he moved up behind my sister to fuck her hard. I furiously rubbed at my clit. 

Then the captain froze. What is that?

A light flared, then a loud crash threw me onto my side. The silvery radiance engulfed me and

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

My pussy was so hot. I groaned. It often was when I was coming out of sleep. I would have a sex dream and wake up wet and horny. My hand was already between my thighs. I knew masturbation was wrong, or so my mother always said. Dad, too. He was a preacher.

He had to say stuff like that, right?

But I liked it. And what was the harm to love myself? I wasn't having premarital sex. I wasn't going to get pregnant or ruin myself. I would just have a nice cum. My hand was already between my thighs rubbing at my furred muff.

I had a nice, trimmed bush. I shuddered as I found the lips to my pussy. I rubbed at my clit as I lay on my bed in the cruise ship. Only... Why did it feel like I was lying on sand? I opened my groggy eyes to see greenery before me.

I shuddered, my fingers rubbing at my clit. It was still nice and dark, but I could see the sky lightning through the vegetation like I stared towards the east. But why was I staring at greenery? The last thing I remember was...

Masturbating to my little sister blowing Captain O'Connell on the bridge of the ship. Now I was here on the sand rubbing my clit. I rolled over onto my back. The stars above were fading as the new day dawned.

To my left, out to the west, I guessed, was the ocean. A dark sea that washed waves on the shore. Where was the ship? I shuddered, unable to stop rubbing at my pussy. I was so horny. I bit my lip, whimpering as I masturbated.

What is going on? I groaned.

I leaned my head back and rested on something rubbery. Not a pillow, but it was comfortable. I shuddered, seemingly alone. Birds were chirping, welcoming the dawn, as I rubbed at my clit with such hard strokes.

Did I get shipwrecked or something? I swallowed, my pussy clenching with this rush of fear.

That made the pleasure coming from my clit more intense. I gasped, the pleasure swelling in me. The need to climax building and building in me. I trembled, loving the feelings washing through me as I squirmed on the sandy beach.

What if I shipwrecked on a desert island? And what if there was some sexy, jungle native that would rescue me? Like a Captain O'Connell but tanned from wearing only a loincloth. A muscular hunk that swung through the jungle vines.

Tarzan.

What if there was a Tarzan? I could be his Jane. And he would rescue me and carry me off to his lair. I would have to become his wife. His savage lust would overwhelm him. He would have to ravish me. Just fuck me hard because he didn't understand about the world.

Yes, yes, I moaned, imagining him over me with that big dick just throbbing to ram past my cherry.

I shuddered, rubbing hard at my clit as the fantasy played through my mind. I groaned, my face twisting with such delight. My pussy clenched as my orgasm built and built in me. I imagined his muscular form sinking on me. 

Oh, take me! I moaned as I pictured his cock pushing against the folds of my pussy. A hot delight rippled through me as I rubbed my clit. Make me your Jane! Ravish me so hard!

He thrust into me.

I arched my back, imagining what it would be like to have a cock in my pussy. To be fucked hard by my savage jungle husband. My twat clenched, aching to be filled. I whimpered, my orgasm swelling so fast.

I hurtled towards that moment of my climactic pleasure, squirming on the sands. His cock pumped in and out of my pussy. I groaned, my round tits jiggled. My head tossed, blonde hair dancing around me. The rubbery pillow I lay against shifted.

Oh, Tarzan, make me cum with your big dick, I moaned, my clit bursting with sparks. My toes curled. Please, please, make me cum.

I burst with rapture.

My virgin pussy writhed and spasmed as I bucked through my ecstasy. It was a heady delight. A naughty pleasure that swept through me. I shuddered, my toes curling with the pleasure of this moment. Heat swept through my body.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped, my cunt convulsing. Juices gushed out and spilled hot down my thighs. Tarzan! Tarzan!

My fantasy burned through me of that hunky jungle stud fucking me so hard. I squirmed on the sand as the rapture swept through me. It was fantastic to enjoy. My mind boiled from the heat of my ecstasy. 

So much bliss swept through me from my pussy. I squealed out to the deserted beach. I masturbated right out in the open. I was like my little sister. I was just some big slut. That made me burn so hot as I shuddered through all this ecstasy. I trembled with such delight through the passion that consumed me. I groaned, hitting that wonderful peak. 

I shuddered there. My heart beat wildly in my chest. I sucked in deep breaths, my mind buzzing from all this delight. I pulled my fingers from my pussy and stared at them. They dripped with my juices. I licked at them.

I always did that. I liked how I tasted. Sweet.

I sat up as I cooled down from my orgasm. I could not believe I had just masturbated. Now that I had cum, shame fell on me. I stood, sand spilling off my body. The sun had cleared the jungle now. I must be staring out to the west. I looked around.

A large river dumped into the ocean right by me. It was so wide from one end of the mouth to the other. Like a football field wide. The water churned strangely where it met the incoming seas. I absently wiped my butt and turned around.

My pillow turned out to be a lifesaver. Though... Shouldn't it say Lady of the Sea? That was the name of the cruise ship. I could have sworn that the lifesavers on the ship had that name written on them. Guess I was wrong.

Now what, I muttered, looking around. You going to swing out of the jungle and save me, Tarzan?

No, a voice answered.

I yelped, looking around where the source of that voice had come from. That was a woman. My hands slapped over my tits while I crossed my legs tightly. Lord, I hoped she didn't just watch me masturbate on the beach.

Um, hi, I said. Uh, where are you?

Here, the woman answered. 

Yeah, okay, I said, scanning the vegetation. There were some thick, leafy plants and a tall tree that had a thick trunk. But where is here? Are you hiding in the bush?

No, she said again. Me no hide.

Then where are you? I asked again. The woman had a strange way of speaking. 

Here. A branch rustled.

I looked up to see, maybe thirty feet up in the tree, a mocha-skinned woman crouched in the tree as naked as I was. She cocked her head, staring down at me. She had thick, woolly dreadlocks that spilled around her face and round breasts that quivered as she moved. She had her legs spread apart and...

She had a dick thrusting from her crotch. A huge one. Way bigger than Captain O'Connell's. My eyes bulged as I stared at this ebony cock. She was some sort of shemale or transgendered woman. I swallowed as her cock pulsed and twitched. A liquid beaded at the tip.

Me no Tarzan, she added. Me Kendra. No Tarzan save you.

Okay, I said, holding my hands tighter over my boobs. That's fine. Um, Kendra, why are you naked? Did you lose your clothes in the shipwreck like I did?

Clothes...? Her face scrunched up. Power... suits... Me wore... Once. I think. Now... Kendra no clothes. Why? Clothes dumb! Naked fun! Angels like!

Were you on the cruise ship? I asked. Lady of the Sea? Were you on it? Did you just wash up on shore like me?

She shook her head. Me live here. Been here... Many days. Many many.

Okay, Kendra, I said. My ship crashed into something. I need some help. Can you help me?

Why? she demanded. You pleasure self not Kendra. Tarzan! Why help? You want Tarzan.

My cheeks burned hot. God, she had heard me masturbating and moaning about Tarzan. Listen, I'm sorry that I, uh, pleasured myself to Tarzan. He's not real. It was just a fantasy. I didn't even know you were here, Kendra. Please, please, I need help. Will you please help me?

Why? She grabbed her big dick. God, it was huge. And she had no balls. It just thrust from her black bush and... Did she have a pussy? Why help? No like Kendra.

Of course I like you, Kendra, I gasped. I don't care you have a dick or are a transgender woman.

Futa! Kendra futa!

Futa! I squeaked, my heart racing. The last thing I wanted to do was offend this woman. She was the only help I had. A beautiful futa! Just gorgeous. And she was. With that rich, mocha skin, those round breasts, her feminine face, and even that cock... It all made her rather attractive.

I had never been turned on by a woman before, but... She did have a cock.

Prove it! she said. Prove Kendra beautiful. You prove. Now! Or me leave!

What, no! I gasped. I don't know how to survive out here alone. I'm scared. You can't go! How do I prove it? Huh?

But even as I said it, I realized just how I had to prove it. My stomach roiled. It nearly turned upside down at the shock of it. She couldn't mean I would have to masturbate to her. Just lie back down and jerk off to her. That was insane.

Pleasure self! Kendra said, stroking her futa-dick. Pleasure self Kendra! Show me! Rub pussy! Pinch nipple. Moan me!

I bit my lower lip. That was too embarrassing. There was no way I could do that in front of her. There had to be a way, but then she shook her head and turned. She was going to leave me. Just walk away for me.

Okay! I gasped. I'll mas... masturbate to you! I had never said anything so embarrassing in my life. Then you'll help me!

Kendra nodded eagerly. She stroked her futa-dick, ready to watch my live performance. My cheeks burned with mortification as I sank back to the sands. I leaned my head against the lifesaver with my feet pointed at her. I closed my eyes and spread my legs.

My pussy was on display. She could see my slit through my sparse down of blonde hair. I shoved my hand between my legs. I rubbed at my cunt. I trembled with delight, my heart pounding a mile a minute. I had to put on a show.

Oh, Kendra, I said, trying to be enthusiastic as I rubbed at my pussy. Oh, Kendra. You're so... so sexy with your big, uh, futa-dick.

Yes! Yes! The Black futa stroked her dick. Big! Kendra big! But you... You no dick? Not futa?

No, I'm a girl, I moaned, my fingers rubbing up and down my slit and... I was getting wet. Oh, Kendra, I need you to save me. To rescue me because you're so sexy!

I felt so lame for saying those words, but her eyes were on me. She fisted that big futa-dick and... My pussy was getting so wet. She wasn't Tarzan, but she was a jungle savage. She was so comfortable crouched on that branch. I had never seen anything like it.

This wave of heat swept through me. I shuddered as I massaged my clit. I rubbed my bud, my virgin pussy clenching. My twat grew hotter and hotter. It was exciting masturbating for the futa. She stared at me with such lust.

Mmm, Kendra, do you like looking at my body? I cooed, sounding like my whore of a little sister. 

Yes, yes, Kendra like! she said. Me like! You sexy! Sexy girl! Pale! Like coconut. Round boobs! Gold hair! Not silver like an angel.

Right, right, I groaned, rubbing at my pussy faster. This was so hot. My pleasure built in me.

And she stroked her girl-cock now. She pumped her hand up and down it while her other hand reached between her legs and... She did have a pussy. She was fingering her cunt. That was so hot. I loved seeing her thrusting her digits in and out of her snatch. 

She masturbated her twat and stroked her cock. She did have both That was so hot to realize. I rubbed harder at my clit as I watched the Black futa masturbating herself. We were both panting. Both moaning as we lusted for the other.

I was at her mercy. Just like in my fantasy. I had to do whatever this jungle futa wanted. If she wanted to ravish me, I would let her do it. I would be her sexy wife. I trembled at that thought. That wild fantasy.

I want you to take care of me, Kendra! I moaned. Ooh, ooh, I want you to carry me off. I'll be yours. You're so sexy! Ooh, way sexier than Tarzan!

Yes, yes, yes, Kendra moaned, fisting her hand up and down her Black futa-dick. Me am! Me am! Tarzan suck! Me good!

Yes! I gasped, loving how she talked like Tarzan.

I rubbed harder at my clit. I rose towards that moment of climax. I hurtled closer and closer to it. I was so near to bursting. It was so intense. Feeling the pressure in my pussy build and build as the jungle-futa watched me.

Her round boobs quivered, the sun rising through the trees behind her. Beams of sunlight danced around her as the ocean breeze rustled the tree. It was so exciting to witness. My clit burst with sparks beneath my massaging fingers.

Kendra thrust her own digits in and out of her pussy. She didn't have a hymen like me. She fucked her cunt and masturbated her girl-cock. That was so hot to witness. I loved that so much. It made me shiver with such excitement.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, my orgasm about to burst through me.

It was such a wonderful thrill to have her beating off over me. It was just amazing to watch that hand stroke up and down her girl-dick. My toes curled in the sand. She moaned, her dreadlocks dancing around her head.

Yes, yes, yes, just cum! I moaned. Cum all over me! I want you, Kendra, to shower me in your awesome futa-cum! Not Tarzan! Kendra!

Me! she gasped and exploded.

Her futa-cum shot from her girl-cock. This pearly spunk that seemed to float in the air above me as I rubbed at my clit. Then it rained down on me. Hot cum splashed across my body. I gasped at the feeling of the jizz soaking my skin.

I exploded.

Yes, yes, yes! I squealed, reveling in the delight of this moment. It was such a wild passion. Kendra!

Yes! she moaned as more and more of her girl-cum fired from her and splashed on my body.
I loved the feeling of all that hot spunk splashing on me. It was so hot to have more and more of her jizz raining on my body. Some landed on my tits. I loved the feeling of that hot spunk running over my boobs. 

Then her spunk landed on my lips. Salty futa-cum soaked my mouth. I groaned at how good it was as I bucked through my orgasm. The rapture swept through me. It was an incredible delight. I loved every second of all that spunk splashing on my body.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, my mind melting with the rapture of this moment. That's so good. Just shower me with all that spunk. Coat me in all that jizz!

Coat you! she squealed as she fired a final spurt of cum.

I shuddered as all that jizz landed on my belly. I hit the peak of my orgasm, my tongue licking my lips. I wanted more of that cum. It was so yummy. As I panted from my orgasm, I swept up drops of jizz that had rained on my body and brought the delight to my mouth.

I suckled the spunk off my fingers. I loved the flavor of her seed. It was wonderful. My tongue caressed over my digits. I savored that naughty delight. I swept up more of her cum. I savored how it melted across my mouth.

Me help! Kendra cried.

She jumped off the branch. I gasped at how height up that was, afraid she would hurt herself. She landed before me, her futa-dick bobbing up and down. I loved the sight of it swaying there, thrusting out over my body.

She's going to ravish me! flashed through my mind. 

Kendra grabbed my thighs, her mocha hands stroking my pale flesh. She licked her lips then ducked her head down. Her dreadlocks spilled over my thighs and belly as she pressed her mouth into my virgin pussy.

She nuzzled through my bush to lick directly at my pussy. It was incredible to have her do that. This heat swept through me as she licked at my cunt. My back arched as she caressed my folds. Pleasure swept through me at the feeling of her tongue lapping at me.

This was nothing like masturbation.

I shuddered and moaned like a harlot.

I was a preacher's daughter, but feeling this womanthis futalapping at my pussy was something I loved. I savored every moment of her tongue sliding up my folds. She brushed my hymen as she licked me, then caressed my clit.

Sparks burst when she did that. My body bucked as I moaned in delight. I squirmed on the sand, my head rubbing against my lifesaver pillow. My face twisted with delight as she kept licking and lapping at me.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped. Oh, wow, that's so good. That's amazing. Just keep licking me like that. Just keep feasting on me. I love this!

Me love! Kendra moaned. Yummy! Virgin pussy! Yummy!

I was such a dirty, dirty girl for loving every second of this. I savored it. My body quivered as she licked at me with such hunger. She swirled her tongue around my clit. Then she suckled on my bud. My pussy clenched with the surge of bliss.

She made me feel so amazing. I groaned, savoring every second of her licking at me like that. She caressed me with that hungry mouth. She lapped at me with such passion. My thighs squeezed about her head, her dreadlocks caressing my flesh.

Kendra! I moaned. You're so much better than Tarzan!

Me am! she squealed and flicked her tongue around my clit.

I gasped at that. The sun rose over the trees and fell on my body. It was so warm caressing my skin as she licked and lapped at me. She suckled at my bud. I whimpered, humping my virgin pussy against her hungry mouth.

The Black futa loved my pussy. She released my nipples to lick at my folds again. Her tongue pushed on my hymen. She wanted to penetrate into me. I loved that about her. I savored her wanting to just thrust her tongue into my pussy. She would make me quiver in delight when I came.

Kendra! I squealed. You're making my pussy melt. I love this so much!

Good! Good! she groaned and stroked her tongue across my pussy.

I shuddered at her tongue. She suckled on my pussy lips. She nibbled on them then flicked her tongue up to my clit. I gasped, my fingers scooping up her jizz that cooled on my belly. I brought the salty treat to my lips.

I sucked my fingers clean as I reveled in her salty flavor. Her lips and tongue caressed my pussy. I whimpered as she licked up my cream. She loved the taste of my cunt. She moaned as she feasted on me. It was so wild.

Mom would have a heart attack if she saw me right now. Wherever my mother was, I knew that she wasn't getting eaten out by a futa. Mrs. Agatha Hart would never, ever cheat on my dad, especially not with a futa.

She wasn't exactly pro-trans.

But I was loving this. I was as naughty as my little sister. 

I shuddered with delight, loving every second of that tongue stroking over my bud. I whimpered, scooping up more salty futa-jizz. Kendra brought me to the brink of my orgasm. I loved every moment of this bliss. I was so eager to cum.

Then she nursed hard on my clit. I bucked, my cunt clenching. The pressure burned in me. This was it. This was what I needed. I trembled, my head tossing back and forth as I quivered through this bliss. I would have such a big burst of pleasure.

I came.

Yes! I squealed.

The largest orgasm of my life swept through me. All that delight rushed through my body. I loved every second of it. This was such a treat. I loved it so much. I gasped and moaned as my juices gushed out into her mouth.

Waves of rapture flowed through me. I trembled through the ecstasy. It was so wondrous to have it washing through my body and drowning my mind in ecstasy. It was a rush. Amazing. This was what I needed. What I craved.

So good, I gasped. You made me cum so hard!

You cum! she squealed. Kendra love! You good.

Me Elise, I panted as my orgasm died into bliss. I realized I hadn't introduced myself. I mean, I'm Elise!

Elise! She licked my pussy. Not Gina. Not Jill.

No, I said. Who are they?

No remember, she groaned. She licked at my pussy again. I gasped at that hot delight sweeping over me. My face contorted with delight as Kendra lapped up the juices. I could cum again. But names stuck. She tapped the side of her head as she lifted her face from my pussy. Stuck here.

She then licked her lips, her futa-dick spasming over me. You mine!

Yes! I gasped. I'm yours! Carry me off to your jungle bower and ravish me! Make me your jungle-slut, Kendra!

She laughed. You funny. Funny. Hot. Funny. Sexy. Yummy!

She grabbed me. I gasped as the Black futa threw me over her shoulder with such ease. I trembled, feeling like it was caveman times and my husbandwell, my hung futahad claimed me to be her wife. I had no choice in the matter. No agency.

Back when women were just property. My pussy quivered at the thought of being owned by this savage. I was such a naughty preacher's daughter. 

I quivered on Kendra, my round boobs rubbing into her back. My nipples throbbed with the delight of her silky flesh. My pussy clenched, aching to be deflowered. She marched towards the trees. I wanted to be carried off to her bower and be ravished. 

She jumped. I groaned as my stomach lurched. Then she grabbed something. A tree branch creaked and the ground blurred beneath me. Vegetation flashed by as we... swung. Oh, my god, she was swinging from a vine like Tarzan.

Oh, Kendra, you are so much better than that pussy Tarzan! I gasped.

Tarzan pussy? Kendra gasped as she let go of the vine. We sailed through the air. Good pussy?

No, no, he's a wussy man! I gasped as she grabbed another vine.

The tree creaked overhead. More of the vegetation blurred by as we swung. My blonde hair whipped behind us as the blood rushed to my head. This was so good. I loved this so much. I savored how amazing I felt as we soared.

Men icky! Kendra said. No pussy! Balls! Balls not pussy!

Yes, yes, screw balls! I want pussy! I quivered in delight. I wanted pussy. Her pussy. Could I lick her pussy? And suck her girl-dick? I'd have to do all that, wouldn't I? I'd be her pleasure-slave. Her slave-wife. She claimed me. I had to obey her.

I didn't know why all these ideas just made me so wet. It was just such a rush to have them bursting in my mind. My pussy clenched, juices dripping down my thighs, as we swung through the jungle.

It was such a rush. I could catch a glimpse of that thick river through the jungle, but we were slowly moving away from it. Or maybe the river was bending away from us to the north while we were still heading east.

I thought.

I shuddered as she kept swinging through the jungle. We were moving so fast over trackless paths. Flowering plants blurred by. Orchids grew in some of the trees. The vines were all thick and supple, letting her swing about.

Then we burst into a clearing. She let go of the vine. I gasped as there was a pool surrounded by black rocks. A silver light glowed from the center of it. I shuddered at the sight of it, my eyes so wide at how pretty what is.

What is that? I gasped. The pool? It glows.

Angel pool, said Kendra. Makes futas. Elise bathe later. Me ravish now!

Angel pool that makes futas? That sounded so fascinating.

But then it was gone. The silver glow lost to the jungle. I shuddered as we swung high again. She let go as we soared up. She landed on a branch. I gasped, the ground so far below. Volcanic rocks were poking out of the soil.

She bounced up, spiraling around the tree until she burst out of the surrounding canopy and reached the top of the tree where she had built a hut perched amid the thick and strong branches. She jumped towards it. As I did, I saw a large volcano rising out of the jungle with the sun off its north shoulder. 

There was a massive mountain east of us. I hadn't seen that from the beach. I then noticed a break in the forest north of us, a sinuous line. That must be the river that dumped out on the western edge of the island. It flowed all the way from that mountain to the sea. 

Wow, I gasped as she dropped me down. I sank to my knees before her and was face to face with her girl-dick. That's so wonderful.

I grabbed her girl-dick and did what my little sister did to Captain O'Connell's cock. I swallowed her tip and nursed on her. The futa gasped as she stared down at me. Her ebony futa-dick throbbed in my mouth as I bobbed my head, performing my wifely duties.

That good! she groaned. Elise good. Hot mouth! Me like!

I winked at Kendra, her dreadlocks swaying about her mocha-brown face. I worked my mouth up and down her girl-dick. I suckled on her with such passion. She groaned as I did that. My tongue caressed around her. It was such a thrill to have her doing that. It was a wondrous thrill to worship her futa-cock with my mouth.

I bobbed my head, watching her round breasts jiggle. She groaned, her futa-dick throbbing in my mouth. I danced my tongue around her girl-dick. I swirled about her, savoring the taste of her. It was a fantastic delight.

She groaned as I did that. 

I worked my mouth up and down her futa-dick. I suckled with such passion on her. She groaned, her futa-dick throbbing into my mouth. She groaned as I worshiped her. I loved every moment of sucking on her. Her face twisted in delight.

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned. Elise good! Me love!

I shuddered and sucked harder.

The salty flavor of her precum soaked my tongue. I loved that delight. I suckled hard, working my mouth up and down her clit-cock. She whimpered as I did that. I nursed on her with all the passion that I could enjoy.

She whimpered. Moaned. Her clit-cock throbbed in my mouth. It felt so wonderful to nurse on her with all that I had. My head worked up and down her futa-dick. I nursed on her with hunger, loving that dick.

Then I smelled something wonderful. A tart aroma.

Her pussy.

Juices gleamed on her black curls hiding her pussy lips. I thrust my right hand out and cupped her bush. I slid my fingers through her folds and rubbed at her hot cuntlips. She groaned as I did that. She whimpered as my fingers stroked up and down her pussy lips.

Then I thrust my fingers into her snatch. 

Her hot snatch engulfed my fingers. I savored the feeling of her pussy around my digits. My cunt would feel like that around her girl-cock. I quivered, my twat clenching as I pumped my fingers in and out of the futa's pussy.

Elise good! she moaned. Sweet Elise! Me love!

I groaned, encouraged by her moans. I fingered her cunt and suckled on her girl-dick. I bobbed my mouth up and down her girl-cock. I loved the feel of her girl-cock in my mouth. More of her salty precum spilled over my tongue.

I licked at her. I swirled around her. I loved the feeling of her in my mouth. My tongue danced with such hunger about her thick crown. She groaned, her pussy clenching down on my fingers thrusting in and out of her.

She loved what I did to her.

I gave her such pleasure.

She squeezed and kneaded her round tits as I bobbed my head. I worked my lips up and down her futa-dick. She throbbed in my mouth. I suckled on her with such passion. She whimpered, her head tossing from side to side.

Good! she moaned, my fingers thrusting in and out of her pussy. Yes, yes! Me love! You good. Please me! Cum! Me cum!

I wanted that.

I suckled hard on her futa-dick. I nursed on her with passion. I suckled with such force on her. She groaned, her girl-cock throbbing as I loved her. She whimpered, her pussy gripping my digits thrusting in and out of her.

Juices trickled down the back of my hand as I worked my two fingers in and out of her snatch. She groaned, her hands sliding up to twist her nipples. She twerked them as her face contorted with delight. The salty flavor of her precum grew thicker.

Me cum! she gasped, her futa-dick throbbing into my mouth. Me cum, yes!

Her futa-dick erupted.

I groaned as her hot girl-cum spurted over and over into my mouth. The jizz splashed against the back of my throat. I gulped it down. I swallowed every drop of her spunk. It was a fantastic delight. I shuddered, gulping down every drop of spunk that I could.

My pussy clenched as the jizz poured down my throat. Her pussy convulsed around my digits, juices gushing out of her cunt to bathe my hand. I savored the salty flavor of her futa-spunk. This was so wild to gulp it all down.

Me love! she groaned as I swallowed down her jizz.

There was so much gushing out of her. I loved how her pussy convulsed around my fingers. I shuddered, her clit-cock throbbing as it flooded my mouth with her futa-spunk. I loved that so much. It was just a thrill. I shuddered, my heart pounding with this wild beat.

She fired a last spurt of cum into my mouth. She groaned and ripped her clit-cock out of my mouth. I shuddered, savoring that last spurt of jizz. It was a treat. I pulled my fingers from her pussy as she stood over me, panting.

Then she groaned and pounced on me. She pressed me back and kissed me. I loved the feeling of her mouth on mine. She thrust her tongue into my mouth and swirled around in me. It was amazing having her doing that.

She tasted her own cum.

Her own jizz that she flooded into my mouth.

I thrust it into her mouth. She moaned, seeming to love her own girl-seed. And why not, it was so good. I shuddered beneath my jungle-futa, her round breasts rubbing into mine. That was so exciting. Our nipples twitched and throbbed. I loved the feeling as they brushed me. Heat burst from them. This exciting delight swept through me.

I broke the kiss and gasped, I need you in me. Please, please, fuck me, Kendra!

Me fuck! she purred and drew back her hips. I quivered as of her futa-cock was sliding down my belly towards my blonde bush. Me fuck hard!

The tip of her girl-dick nuzzled through my bush covering my pubic mound. I trembled at how amazing that felt. Then she slid her futa-cock down to press right against the virginal lips of my pussy. I quivered there, lying beneath her.

My breasts rose and fell with my pants, pushing my boobs into hers. Our nipples kissed. Sparks shot down to my pussy. Her futa-dick pressed against my pussy lips. They parted and she found my hymen. My maidenhead guarded the purity of my pussy.

She pushed on it. It was such a wild thing for her to do. It made me shiver as my virginity stretched and stretched. I whimpered as the membrane grew tighter. This heat burned as she thrust her thick, dark futa-dick hard against my hymen.

My cherry popped.

Kendra! I squealed as she penetrated me.

I groaned as her thick and amazing futa-dick stretched out my pussy. She slid into me. I shuddered there, loving every second of her entering my cunt. She went deeper and deeper into my snatch. She filled me up with that amazing cock.

I groaned, loving this delight. Her thick shaft went deeper and deeper into my pussy. She reached into my snatch. My eyes widened. I arched my back, pushing our perky tits tight together. I hugged her with my arms and legs, squealing in delight.

Elise likes! Kendra cheered as she sank to the hilt in me. 

Yes! I groaned, loving that wonderful cock being in me. It was an amazing delight. I love your futa-dick in me, Kendra! That's amazing!

Elise likes! she cheered, her futa-dick throbbing in my snatch. Elise likes me! Not Tarzan! Me!

Yep, I said, my hands stroking the Black futa's back. Mmm, now are you going to just lie on me, or are you going to make love to me?

Kendra grinned. Me fuck!

She kissed me again, her lips hot on mine. I groaned as her tongue thrust into my mouth. Then her hips moved. Her cock slid out of my pussy. I quivered beneath her, my back arching as I reveled in just how amazing her clit-dick felt in me. The friction massaging my pussy walls was amazing.

She thrust back into me. 

Her futa-dick buried to the hilt in my pussy. A wave of delight shot through me. It was such an incredible pleasure. I felt like my pussy was made for being fucked by Kendra. Like I was born to be her wife. To be found by her.

I quivered at that wicked thought as she fucked away at me. She pumped into my pussy. She thrust her cock in hard and deep. Then she drew back. I groaned as she pumped away at me. She buried her girl-cock into my pussy again and again.

I held her, loving the feeling of her on me. Inside me. She pumped away at me with such force. It was incredible having her drive her futa-dick into me. I whimpered as she pounded me hard and fast. She buried over and over into my pussy. My cunt gripped her, reveling in this amazing passion. 

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned as she drilled her futa-dick into my cunt.

She pumped away at me with her wonderful girl-dick, driving into my snatch over and over again. Her every plunge into my pussy sent this wicked heat through me. I clenched down on her and gasped, the friction swelling this pressure in me.

My orgasm. Her futa-dick built and built my orgasm with her every thrust into my pussy. Her thick girl-cock reamed me out and made me quiver. I groaned, clenching down on her. I loved every moment of having her fill me up.

It was incredible having her drilling that big futa-dick into my cunt. I gripped it as our nipples brushed. Sparks flared and sizzled through my snatch. I whimpered, rising towards my climax as I writhed beneath her.

Kendra! Kendra! I moaned.

Yes, yes, so good, she whimpered as she fucked me. You pussy so good. Me love. Me love lots!

Yes! I groaned, savoring those words of hers. That was what I wanted to hear. That she loved my pussy. That it made her hot and wet to fuck me. Ooh, I am going to cum!
Cum good! she moaned, fucking me so hard.

I couldn't agree more. I trembled beneath her, my pussy clinging to her thick shaft. I was so ready to cum. So ready to just burst with all this pleasure. It would be outstanding to have all that cum just flood my snatch. I squeezed my cunt down on her, so close to bursting.

She thrust hard into me. The pressure was building inside my cunt from all her hard strokes. They were bursting inside me. I squealed as my orgasm swept through my body. A tsunami of bliss washed through my flesh and crashed into my mind.

I squealed in delight, savoring this wondrous moment. My pussy convulsed and writhed around her futa-dick as she drew back. She gasped as she did that, her mocha face contorting with delight. Her dreadlocks swayed around my face.

She rammed back into me and groaned, Elise! Yes!

Her futa-cum spurted into me.

Oh, Kendra! I squealed as her girl-cum pumped into my pussy.

I shuddered, bucking on the ground, the pleasure washing through me. Wave after wave of rapture that swept through my body as my cunt writhed around her girl-dick. I bucked beneath her, our round breasts rubbing together. Our nipples brushed.

Pleasure sparked from our nubs and swept through my body. I gasped in delight, reveling in that extra bit of rapture that filled me. My cunt convulsed around her futa-dick. I milked her girl-shaft as she pumped more and more of her girl-cum into me.

She filled me with all that spunk. I quivered, full of all that jizz that she fired into me. I hit that amazing peak of my rapture as I wrung her dry. She whimpered on me as she erupted a final time into my pussy. 

Then she rolled off me. Ooh! So good! Me love! Me love! Elise pussy good! So good! Me love!

Yeah, your cock was amazing, I groaned and stood on her open cabin. I gazed west out towards the ocean. Towards that silver pool that we swung over. That pool, Elise. The silver one.

Angel Pool, she said as I leaned on the window sill.

Will it make me into a futa? I asked.

Her wet cock pressed into my butt-crack. I gasped as it slid down to nuzzle against my asshole. This wave of heat swept through me as the feeling of her drilling against my backdoor. It will. She pushed harder. Me take. But later. Now... Fuck ass!

Yes, Kendra, I moaned in submissive delight. This would be such an interesting life being the wife of a futa-savage. 

To be continued...

