Emily's Adventures - XV (fsolo,exhib,scat)

Disclaimer:  This is a work of fiction.

Having decided to join Megan's ballet class, Anna goes to the mall with Megan and Emily to buy a leotard and some tights.  Emily is happy to find that Anna is still wearing diapers, and even happier when she has an unexpected adventure in the mall's bathroom!

--------------------

It was the next day and Emily had to work.  Anna hadn't spent the night and so Emily was in a bad mood.  The only thing that brought a smile to her face was the fact that Anna and Megan were coming to the mall to meet her at work so they could go shopping for  ballet clothes for Anna.

Emily had also remembered to bring her spy cam, which she positioned in its usual place above the back corner dressing room.  Maybe something interesting would happen, she thought.  Work was going pretty slow, and there had only been a couple of cute girls who wanted to use the dressing rooms.  It wasn't until 2pm, when she got off work, that Emily finally smiled.  

Anna and Megan were waiting for Emily outside the store and gave her hugs when she finally came out.  As she hugged the girls, Emily gave each a little squeeze on their beautiful young butts.  She was surprised to feel a certain amount of extra padding as her hand caressed her little sister's ass.  “What do we have here?” Emily asked with a smile.  “You don't have to wear that anymore.”
	“I know,” Anna replied with a cute smile, “but I kind of got to like wearing it.”  Anna blushed. 
	“Well then, shall we find you a leotard?”
	Anna nodded vigorously and the three girls giggled and headed off in the direction of the department store.  Anna was wearing a knee length skirt that was loose – it covered her diapers, but it definitely looked a little too puffy around her butt.  Unless you were really looking though, you wouldn't notice.
	While Anna was wearing an unfortunately long skirt, Megan was wearing a skirt that was just barely long enough to completely cover her petite butt.  If she bent over even a little, anyone fortunate enough to be looking would see that her panties were white with pink hearts, and that they stretched around the pale skin of her ass beautifully.  As for herself, Emily was wearing a pair of tight jeans underneath a colorful skirt about the same length as Megan's.  
	Emily had a hard time walking through the mall, as she found she had a hard time taking her eyes off of Megan's beautiful, slender, pale legs.  Her eyes traced them up from her feet, along her firm calves, pas her cute knees, and following her creamy white thighs as they disappeared under the little plaid skirt.

	In the department store, Emily played a game with the two other girls where she would try to expose them as they shopped.  Megan was flipping through the clothes on a rack, trying to find the poorly labeled sizes, and Emily stood slightly behind her, to the side.  Emily had lifted up the back of Megan''s skirt, fully exposing the girl's little ass in their thin cotton panties.  Megan had evidently not noticed and didn't even turn around until she heard giggling behind her.  She spun around as she realized that Emily was showing her butt to a family that was walking by, and the kids were giggling as their parents tried to hurry them along.  Megan turned bright red and hit Emily on the arm playfully.  As Megan walked off to the next rack, Emily gave her a pat on the butt and went to find Anna who was just across the aisle.  
	Emily snuck up behind her little sister, who was looking through the leotards.  She carefully reached down and grabbed the hem of Anna's skirt, lifting it up and tucking it into the wasteband of her diaper.  As she tucked it in, Anna bent over to look at a tag and so Emily managed to get it in without Anna noticing.  Emily smiled to herself as she looked at her sister's beautiful thighs terminating inside a large white disposable diaper.  Emily was getting quite turned on.
	“Find something?”  Emily asked.
	“I think so,” replied Anna, showing her sister the three leotards she had picked out, “I just need to try these on.”  Anna started walking in the direction of the dressing rooms, which were on the far end of the floor.  As she walked she heard giggling and gasps, but couldn't figure out what everyone was reacting to.  Watching her little sister like this was starting to make Emily wet, and she followed the girl all the way to the dressing rooms.
	Megan was waiting for them at the dressing room.  “I got the tights.” She said as they approached.  Emily then saw Megan whisper something to Anna.  Anna looked around and saw that her diaper-clad butt was exposed.  She looked up at Emily who was just a few steps away now and blushed.  Emily gave a laugh and then was impressed when Anna made no attempt to fix her skirt.
	“I don't think Mistress Sasha will let you wear diapers in class” Megan said as the three girls entered the largest, handicap stall.  
	“Oh well,” said Anna, “I suppose I can go for a few hours without them.”  As Anna stripped, Emily was sad to see that she hadn't made a mess in her diapers, they were still pristine on the inside.  Anna tried on the leotards and both Megan and Emily agreed that she looked absolutely scrumptious in them.  Anna's athletic legs and ass paired perfectly with her larger breasts in the tight pink fabric.  As Anna was taking off the leotard she put her hand to her side and gave a small moan.
	“Are you okay?” asked Megan, with sincere concern for her girlfriend.  
	“I'm fine,” Anna said, “I just haven't used the bathroom all day.”
	“Well it's good that you're changing back into your diaper.” Emily pointed out.

	After getting changed, the girls left the dressing room and went and paid for their purchases.  As Anna was paying at the counter, Emily reached down and not so subtly tucked the back of Anna's skirt into her diaper.  Anna said nothing, and did nothing.  The three continued to attract stares as they walked out of the department store.

	“Where to next?” Emily asked.  “Do you need shoes?  I don't know where to get toe-shoes”
	“Mistress Sasha sells pointe shoes, so you can get them tomorrow.” Megan answered.  Anna looked at her watch and gave a start as she realized the time.  “Oh, we're late!”  
	“Late?  Late for what?” Emily asked.
	“You'll see!”  Anna and Megan both giggled as they grabbed Emily by the hands and pulled her through the mall.  “We have a surprise for you.” Anna explained as they approached the public bathrooms at the far end of the mall.

	The girls lead Emily to the entrance of the bathrooms.  “We knew you would be lonely and missing your girl, so we have a surprise for you.  Go into the handicap stall.”  Anna explained as Megan held open the bathroom door for her.

Emily walked in and the door closed behind her, dulling the sound of the two girls giggleing.  There were a couple of women at the sinks, and a few of the stall doors were closed.  This being an upscale mall, the stalls were all individual rooms, with actual walls seperating them instead of the little partitions.  Emily was a bit nervous, not knowing what her sister had in store for her, but she tentatively walked to the end of the row of stalls until she came to the handicap stall.  The door was closed so she put her hand on the handle and gave it a little push to see if it was locked.  The handle swung down and the door opened a jar.  Emily took a deep breath, and walked inside, closing the door behind her.

Her eyes scanned the stall until she saw a small envelope sitting on top of the toilet paper dispenser.  She locked the door and walked over and picked up the envelope.  “Emily” was written on it in big letters.  She was getting excited now, the anticipation making her heart beat faster – a smile unconsciously spread across her painted red lips.

The envelope opened, she pulled out its only contents, a Polaroid picture.   She almost laughed out loud with delight when she saw it.  It was a picture of her beautiful Sara.  In the picture she was sitting on a toilet bowl in such a way that her feet were on the seat and she was squating over the opening.  She was wearing what looked like a catholic school girl's uniform (if the school alowed short skirts!).  The skirt hung between her legs and covered up her private bits, but dangling between her legs was a long brown turd!  It must have been at least a foot long!  Sara had a huge grin on her face and with her left hand she held the wall to steady herself.  With her right hand she was pointing down into the toilet beneath her.
	Emily licked her lips as she studied the picture and then it donned on her.  The picture was taken in the very stall she was currently standing in!  Emily put the photo down on top of the toilet paper dispenser and looked at the toilet.  It was definitely the toilet from the picture, only now the lid was closed.  She reached out her hand and grabbed the edge of the lid – holding her breath with anticipation she flung it open and almost squeeked with delight as she saw what was inside.  The toilet was filled with a large mass of soft, brown poo!  It had obviously been flushed after having the water shut off, as there was no water currently in the bowl, only the beautiful shit of her young lover.
	Emily quickly looked around, wondering if there were any other instructions, but finding nothing, she turned her attention back to the bowl of her lover's intimate excretion.  So many possabilities ran through her head, and each one made her hornier and hornier.  One thing was for certain, and that was that she had to get off.  Within seconds she had stepped out of her shoes (the floor looked pretty clean) and had unbuttoned her skirt, which lay around her ankles.  She unfastned her jeans, and slipped them down over her slim but round butt, pushing it down her pale, long, legs.  She wasn't wearing any underwear, and felt better now that she could feel air on her bald pussy.
	She wasn't sure what she was going to do yet, but she knew she had better not risk getting her blouse dirty.  She unbuttoned a few buttons and slipped it up and over her head.  She kicked all of her clothes into the corner.  She was wearing nothing at this point except a small, white lace bra.  She took a step towards the toilet.  She briefly wondered how long ago Sara had been here.  Was it yesterday? This morning?  The poo looked relatively fresh, but there was no way to tell just by looking at it.  Then she got an idea.  
	Emily lifted the seat of the toilet and set it back against the lid.  She turned around and made as if to sit on the toilet, but she placed her hands on either side of the bowl on the porcelain lip.  Slowly, she lowered herself down until her butt hovered just an inch above the brown mess in the bowl.  It wasn't giving off any heat, but her by now dripping pussy certainly was.  She bit her lip and closed her eyes.  She relaxed her arms and let herself fall down, into the bowl.  
	She was now sitting inside the bowl, her knees higher than her hips, the porcelain lip of the bowl resting against her lower mid-back.  The mass of poo had squished aside, so that her entire pelvis was surrounded by the cold, sticky, brown, mess.  Some had surged up between her legs, covering her shaved pussy so much that she couldn't see it anymore.  She was buried almost to the point where it covered parts of her thighs, but not quite.
	With a moan and a smile she wriggled her hips.  It was so dirty she could hardly stand it!  One hand shot up and slipped beneath her bra, cupping her breasts and massaging them – pinching the nipples as she wriggled and squirmed around.  Soon she had worked herself to orgasm, the poo massaging her pussy until she shook with ecstasy, adding a small amount of warm white goo to the mess in the bowl.
	She thrust her free hand down into the poo that had gathered between her legs.  She moaned and bucked as she rubbed her clit.  She spread her lips open and pushed some of the poo into her vagina, shoving it as deep as she could reach her fingers from that angle.  She packed more in, moving her fingers in and out until she couldn't possibly fit any more filthy shit inside of her.  She rubbed the poo into her clit and soon was rocked with her second orgasm.  
	After she had recovered from her climax, she wondered how long she had been in there.  She thought she better get cleaned up and see if Megan and Anna were waiting for her.  She looked over at the toilet paper dispenser and saw that there was only an empty roll.  She reached out with her clean hand and slid the plastic cover over so that it concealed the empty roll and exposed a new roll.  
	Her eyes widened however when she saw that where there was supposed to be a new roll, there was only a piece of paper – folded up and jammed into the little compartment.  She grabbed the paper and unfolded it.  It was a  short note, written in her lover's handwriting.  It read:  “Hope you enjoyed your present!  Anna and Megan and I will be waiting for you at the pizza place at the other end of the  mall.  Come join us after you've had your fun!  XOXO Sara”
	“That bitch” Emily said to herself.  She made a mental note to make sure that Sara got an appropriate punishment for leaving her without any toilet paper.  The piece of paper the note was written on was small, and almost as stiff as cardboard.  It would be practically useless for getting Emily clean enough to leave the stall.
	Emily sat there in Sara's shit and looked around, trying to think of what to do.  First thing she had to do was at least get her right hand clean.  Currently all of the fingers were caked in poo.  Having no better ideas, she wipped her hand across her stomach, front and back, as well as each finger's side individually.  Long brown marks streaked across her fit young stomach, but at least her hand was clean enough to handle her clothes.
	She briefly considered using her skirt to clean her bottom since she also had jeans, but the skirt was thin and delicate.  But most of all, it had been a gift from Sara and she knew that she would be in deep shit (metaphorically this time) if she used it as toilet paper.  She could use her jeans, but she didn't have any underwear and the skirt was way too short to wear without panties.
	She bit her lip and furrowed her brow – what was she going to do?