TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright c May 2000 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with 
this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MF, MM, Incest, Impreg, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ 
THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE 
READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE 
GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, 
PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, 
SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND 
OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES' MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Story Title: FAMILY BONDING - PART 2
AUTHOR: C.D.E.



ABSTRACT: James, nave and virginal, is engaged to 
Judy, the daughter of the apparently loving, caring, 
sharing, closely knit, Smith family.  James begins 
bonding with his new in-laws during their engagement. 
He eventually discovers that outward appearances of 
the Smith Family's wholesome image proves deceptive.


CAST:

Judy Smith-Fiancee/Wife
Judy's Mother - Mother Smith
James Jackson-Fiance/Husband
James's Mother -Mother Jackson 
James's Aunt- Aunt Jasmine


CHAPTER 6:  EVENTS FROM OUR ENGAGEMENT: I Learn More 
About A Smith Family Secret

Her father went on explaining the benefits of 
bonding.  However, my mind seemed to shut down as I 
stood there trying to assess what had apparently 
happened before I'd arrived.
Out of the fog of confusion in my mind, I heard 
Judy's voice coming through to me.
"James, I know this may not be the best way to 
show you one of our most guarded family secrets, but 
since you're committed to become a part of the family, 
you had to be told."  She said with a relatively 
bright smile.
"That's right Jamie, the direct way is the best 
way sometimes.  Anyway, my little girl here is quite a 
good piece of ass.  I may be a bit biased, but the 
proof is in her pussy.  Her brothers, her uncles, and 
both her granddaddies say she's an excellent fuck too.  
She's got a milking cunt that really knows how to draw 
all the cream out of a stiff dick."
Upon hearing her father's crude, but 
complimentary, remarks, I felt weak in the knees and 
had to sit.  I flopped down in a nearby chair.  I 
could feel my face becoming flushed.
"Daddy you're so sweet to praise my pussy the way 
you do."
"I'm just telling the truth, baby doll."  He 
replied as he leaned over toward her face and they 
both gave each other a deep juicy French kiss.  I 
hoped this was all a bad dream, from which I hoped I 
soon would awake.  That was not to be.
"James, I guess there is something else I have to 
tell you... well, actually, I want to show you."
"W-What?" I said slowly.
"Come over here." She spoke. I slowly got to my 
feet as I move the short distance to the bed where she 
lay.
"This is what I want to show you.  Remember all 
the good eating you've had from here? Daddy and the 
guys made it all possible."  As she spoke she whipped 
the sheet away covering her lower body.  Her legs were 
spread wide and my eyes instantly focused on her wet 
messy and obviously jism-smeared snatch.
It took a moment to for me to realize what she 
meant.  It then dawned on me that the love juices that 
I thought were naturally hers, were the result of her 
coital sessions with other men.
"J-Judy, h-how could y-you do this to me."  I 
stammered, as I had to sit again.  This time, it was 
on the bed besides her.
"I just wanted to test to see if you were indeed 
a virgin, if you weren't you would've know what a 
fucked cunt looked like.  You didn't, and after you 
willing placed your mouth on my oozing muff and ate my 
cream pie so good, I knew I wanted you James."
"Go on son, you can go ahead and root around in 
her bush and slurp up all that fresh dick cream.  
Don't mind me. Besides, didn't you agree in the pre-
nuptial contract to make sure that whenever you were 
with my daughter, before the wedding, you would make 
sure there was no jism in her snatch? Well, it's 
before the wedding, and you're with her now and I'd 
say it's time you do what needs to be done, namely 
getting all that dick juice out of her muff."  Her 
father snidely injected as he pulled his underwear up.
The impact of that statement in the pre-nuptial 
agreement came crashing down on me mentally as I 
absorbed his words.
"Would you James darling?  Show Daddy how much 
you like eating my creamy choohie."
"J-Judy!  A-Are you crazy?"
"Now son, don't speak to my daughter in that 
tone!"
The boom of her father's voice made me refocus my 
attention away from Judy over to her father, who'd 
quickly moved right beside me, where I was sitting on 
the bed.
"Didn't you say he liked the taste of your gash 
before baby?"
"He sure did Daddy, every time I gave him a 
chance to eat me.  He's eaten your cream out of me 
several times."  Judy replied with a slight pout on 
her face.  She also added that over the months we were 
dating, I'd also tasted the jism of both her brothers, 
all male relatives who'd fucked her during that time, 
as well as the cum of Judd, Jeffery and Joe.
I couldn't believe her revelation.  Me a sperm 
eater?  I thought to myself.
"What's the matter Jamie, you think your mouth is 
too good to put on my baby's cunt after she showed you 
how your pussy cream pies were made?  Are you trying 
to say Smith jism in Smith pussy ain't good enough for 
you to eat any more?"
He grabbed me by the collar and lifted me off the 
bed with one hand and raised his other hand, which was 
now a giant fist.  The biggest I'd ever seen.
Judy's father was a big man.  Six foot three and 
rippling with muscles.
"Maybe I ought to rearrange your teeth and see 
if..."  He snarled looking me in my scared horrified 
eyes.  Luckily Judy interceded on my behalf.
"Daddy!  Please don't hurt him!  He's just over 
loaded from us revealing so much to him at once.  
Aren't you James sweetheart?"
I nodded yes quickly, still watching to see if 
Mr. Smith's big knuckles were going to come crashing 
into my face.
"You still like my pussy don't you dear, very 
well in fact?"
Again, I nodded affirmatively.  I was just too 
nervous to speak.  I was still watching her father's 
fist.
"I can't hear you James darling." Judy spoke 
louder than the first time.  I knew what she wanted of 
me.
"Y-Y-Yes!  I do."  I said in a distress tone of 
voice.
"Then apologize to Daddy.  Tell him you're 
sorry."
"I-I'm sorry Mr. Smith."
"You sure are.  And I thought you were going to 
make a good son-in-law.  I've still got a good mind to 
whip your ass and sue you too.  Remember that 
agreement you signed."  He bellowed back at me.
"No! Daddy don't! I still love James. I want to 
marry him.  You do love me James, don't you, or does 
Daddy have his way?"  Judy asked in a sensuous cooing 
voice.  I looked over at her.  She had this strange 
half smile, half smirk on her face.  
"Y-Y-Yes I-I do love you Judy."  I quickly 
replied, hoping this was good enough to get her father 
to back off with his threatening fist.
"Then you don't mind showing Daddy that you do 
love me, do you?"  Judy said.
"B-B-But Judy, c-can't we t-talk first..."  I 
stumbled and stammered trying to negotiate with Judy, 
since I feared where she was going with her 
statements.  It was then that I saw her father begin 
to raise his fist again.  I paused, then capitulated 
and said what I knew what she wanted to hear.  "I-I 
don't m-mind."  I said meekly, knowing I didn't have 
much choice.
"That's better.  That's the kind of attitude I 
like to see in a future son-in-law that wants to marry 
my little girl."  Her father said.  I was amazed at 
how easily his mood changed when I became agreeable to 
doing what Judy wanted.
He moved back over and pulled up the same chair 
I'd been sitting in earlier.
"Okay honey, scoot that cute butt of yours to the 
edge of the bed and let your future hubby prove his 
love to you and that he's worthy of becoming a Smith 
son-in-law."
Judy did as her dad ordered.  Nothing had to be 
said, I knew what was expected of me.  Judy spread her 
legs wide.  The white expanse of her inner thighs did 
look so inviting, even if her upper inner thighs were 
wet with trails of leaking fuck slime.
"C'mon James darling, do me like you've done me 
so many times before.  Nothing has changed, it's just 
as good as before."  She crooked her finger beckoning 
me to kneel and then moved her hand right to her jism-
smeared pussy.  It was obvious what she wanted and 
what I had to do.
The funny thing was that I knew I had to lick and 
suck her cunt because her dad wanted to see me eat his 
cum out of his daughter, but the other thing was that 
I had indeed become hooked on her slick, juicy, tangy 
muff, even though I was not aware of it's true 
ingredients.
Doing what had to be done, I guided my head to 
her well-fucked crotch and began my tongue work to 
affirm my love. Judy soon held my head as she ground 
her juicy snatch in my face.  There was a lot of gunk 
in her cunt, more than I ever remembered.  I had to 
assume that all the other times, I didn't get the full 
treatment as I was here.
After a lot of tongue work, I soon had her 
moaning in her customary manner and finally she 
achieved a loud rousing orgasm.
After letting go of my head, she leaned back with 
the dreamiest smile I'd ever seen on her face.
"Clap! Clap! Clap!  You can sure handle her hot 
twat.  I didn't think you had it in you.  Welcome to 
the family."  Her father said as he further applauded 
me for my "tongue and suckmanship" - his words.
He left Judy and I alone, but before he did, he 
warned me against "breaking his little girl's heart" 
and made me promise that I would prove my love, as I 
had before him, anytime she desired of me.

CHAPTER 7: EVENTS FROM OUR ENGAGEMENT: Judy And I Talk

	"Judy, this is so overwhelming.  T-To find 
out you've been having intercourse is bad enough a-
and t-that y-you've had me licking you afterwards is
devastating, b-but to find out that one of your
regular lovers is y-your dad... w-well it's so much to 
have to handle."  I told my obviously promiscuous 
fiancee.
	"I know it is James sweetheart, but Daddy and 
Mama and I came to the conclusion, the direct way is 
the best.  You see us doing it, and bingo, it's out in 
the open.  No long explanations."  Judy replied in a 
rather cavalier fashion.
	"But Judy, w-why, after all this time, didn't you 
let me make love to you."
	"James, we've gone over all this before.  You're 
a virgin and that's the way I want to marry you.  It's 
a quality for which I'm proud of for you.  By the way, 
so are your aunt and your mother too.
	"Y-You've talked to my aunt a-about that?"  I 
replied nervously.
	"Sure.  She knows you've never had none - maybe 
except your fist."  She giggled a bit.
	"That's not funny Judy.  I-I don't know why you 
went behind my back and talked to Aunt Jasmine without 
telling me."  I said with an edgy tone.
	"Well James, maybe you should talk to her about 
talking to me about your sex life and use that same 
tone with her.  Do you think she'd take you to the 
basement and teach you some manners?"
	"B-Basement, s-she told..."
	"Lets just say that she let me know that your 
attitude seem to change quite a bit after she takes 
you down there and have a talk with you.  She said 
after we were married, she'd tell me more about how to 
keep little mannish boys from forgetting their place. 
Would you like to tell me what goes on in the basement 
or should I guess about what your strong willed Aunt 
Jasmine meant?"
	On my first attempt to speak I got choked.  I 
couldn't believe my Aunt had revealed our family 
secret, so to speak.  I would be devastated if Judy 
knew Aunt Jasmine had taken an extension cord to my 
backside not less than three weeks ago for breaking a 
plate, while I was doing the dishes.
	"Uh... A-Aunt Jasmine just l-likes to stretch 
things a bit. T-That's all."
"Maybe I'll ask her about it later this evening 
when we have dinner over there."  Judy replied.
	"I was thinking about that, a-and m-maybe that's 
not a g-good idea after all that's happen Judy.  I-I 
just know that I wouldn't be in the mood and..."
	"We're going James darling and that's that.  You 
know how much effort she's put into this dinner.  
It'll be all right honey.  Speaking of food, would you 
like another little low calorie appetizer?  I feel 
some more of Daddy's jism running way down from the 
back of my pussy.  C'mon, lay back so I can sit on 
your face."
	"What!  J-Judy, you can't be serious."
	"Yes I am darling.  Or do you want me to call 
Daddy and tell him you're not keeping your promise."
	I know I must've turned pale, because the mention 
of his name sent a mild shiver through me as my mind 
conjured up an image of his giant fist.
	"C'mon, layback right here."  Judy said patting 
the bed.  She went on to tell me how to position my 
upward facing head.  I could tell she knew I didn't 
want any part of confronting her father.  I meekly 
followed her instructions.  I truly felt browbeat.
	"Perfect!  She said as she swung her shapely 
gorgeous torso over my skyward facing face. She 
positioned her curvaceous bottom and delectable cunt 
over my head.  A cunt that it seems was only available 
to my tongue, but open to many other's hard cocks.
	"Oh yeeees!"  Judy shrieked in a slightly loud 
voice. As she made contact with my face and began to 
scrub my face and seek out my open mouth and flitting 
tongue.
	After about fifthteen minutes, she dismounted my 
face which she'd used like a saddle.  My face was a 
sloppy mess, as she was right, there was quite a bit 
of her father's jism still hiding in the farthest 
recesses of her apparently deep and stretchable gash.
	Even though I hated being treated as a clean up 
man for her semen soggy pussy, I couldn't deny that it 
wasn't un-pleasurable eating her out.  It was the 
principle of the matter that bothered me.
	I hadn't really noticed it before, since so much 
had been dumped on me in such a short period of time, 
but I had a throbbing hard on.  I needed relief, even 
though I was depressed and very upset about finding 
out the real story about my lovely fiancee.
As I said, my face was a slimy mess, so the first 
thing I thought I should do was wash up.  I did so in 
a nearby bathroom around the corner from Judy's 
bedroom.  Upon leaving the bathroom, I heard noises 
from a nearby bedroom in the other direction down the 
short hallway.  The door was slightly ajar.
From where I was standing it was easy to see  
Judy's mom sexually couple with Judy's two younger 
brothers.  One had his sizeable prick in her eagerly 
sucking mouth, and the other, also exhibiting a large 
cock, had it buried deep in his mom's cunt as she 
kneeled on all fours. 
I was again shocked beyond belief at what I was 
seeing.  I briefly stood there in a dumfounded state 
before returning to Judy's room.
I sat down in a daze as I discussed what I'd seen 
with Judy.
"Oh Mom is just bonding with them too."  Speaking 
of her brothers in regard to the scene I'd just seen 
and was asking her about.
"I-I see.  Judy forgive me, b-but this all so 
much of a surprise for me.  Y-You know the incest 
thing..."
Judy gave me some background on when the incest 
started.  She told me that she and her father didn't 
really get it on until he discovered here doing her 
brothers.  She was 19 at the time.  She'd been sexing 
both her brothers for a while before that.
"Daddy called it bonding when he and I started 
fucking.  Simple bonding, he would say.  And you know 
what darling?  He was right, the whole family came 
closer together.  Mom joined in also and that really 
bonded us all together.  Later other relatives joined 
in.  I've always use the pill so there won't be any 
unwanted pregnancies." 
"I-I see."  I s all I said in reply. "This is all 
so new to me Judy.  But Judy, where do we go from 
here, especially now that I know you're also having 
sex with your old boyfriends.  Surely, you don't 
expect us to still consider ourselves engaged."
"Why not James sweetheart?  I still need them to 
give me what you can't, especially since you're going 
to have to remain a virgin until we're married."
"Married!  Judy, you can't be serious about 
that... after all this... and me finding out what you 
and Judd, Jeffrey, and Joe have been up to behind my 
back, not to mention the men in your family."
"James, you must realize I love you, no matter 
everything you've mentioned is true.  I want to make 
you my husband.  The guys are still just friends, just 
like I said when I first introduced them to you.  As 
friends, we just fucked on a friendly basis.  Friends 
helping friends out.  Their dicks get hard and my 
pussy gets hot.  We come together and satisfy each 
other's need.  Hardly no emotions, just lust.  You and 
I on the other hand, have a true emotional love.  You 
and I are connected beyond our physical beings.  Of 
course, what you do to my pussy is sensational.  Also, 
you and I can talk about anything and have touched 
each other's innermost intellectual souls.  That has 
never happened with any other men I've dated.  You're 
the one for me James.  I truly love you, no matter 
that you're not physically matched to my sexual needs. 
I need your emotional and intellectual connectivity.  
I believe you need and love me the same way."
I just marveled as Judy talked.  I did appreciate 
much of what she said, but I also had my pride.
"Uh, Judy, I-I understand, b-but what happens 
after we get married?  I-I know and I-I suspect you do 
too, t-that, well I-I'm not as, well, as well as 
endowed as your dad or your brothers, or your old 
boyfriends either."
"You're not.  I'm sure I'll hardly feel your 
prick in me.  But what is your point?"  She said with 
a puzzling tone of voice.
"Well, uh, if you know that I-I won't be able to 
fulfill your needs then there is no need for us..."
"When people love each other they find a way 
darling."
"But if I can't do what you need, then who ..."
"Who will do it for me?  The same men who've done 
it for me before sweetheart.  Daddy and my brothers, 
and my other male relatives, and of course Judd, 
Jeffrey and Joe too."
"Y-You mean t-that e-even if w-we get married y-
you'd still..."
"Of course darling, why not.  I'll have more than 
enough pussy for you and them too.  Nothing will 
change much except I'll be wearing your name and of 
course you'll finally get to put it in.  You'll lose 
your virginity to me, all proper of course, under the 
auspices of marriage that is."
I-I, Judy I'm having a hard time b-believing I'm 
hearing you say this.  I-I..."  
For the umpteenth time, I was cut off one more 
time as her mom walked into Judy's bedroom.
	"Hi James, I wondered if you and Judy were still 
here."
	"Yeah, we were just talking."  Judy replied to 
her mom, who walked into the room wearing only an 
open, and very sheer robe.  She was obviously nude 
underneath, and to my utter amazement was holding her 
pussy lips together.
"Now that you've been properly welcomed to the 
family, I want to welcome you in my own way too.  Judy 
tells me you're a real good pussy eater.  You mind if 
I try him out dear?" Directing her question at her 
daughter, with an air that she didn't have to ask me, 
only her daughter.
	"Sure mom, you don't mind sucking mom's pussy do 
you James honey?  She's wanted to have someone eat her 
cream pie for so long.  You're the first for me.  
Please make her happy and be the first for her too."
	"Yes James it would definitely make a good 
impression on me.  After all, I will be your mother-
in-law."
	"Sure he's going to eat your creamy box lunch 
honey, ain't you Jamie?  Or do me and the boys have to 
take you downstairs and have a talk about being 
disrespectful to my wife?"  Mr. Smith walked in the 
door just as his wife finished her request
	Cowed, and plain scared to death, for the second 
time, I assumed the position of a cream pie eater and 
buried my face again in a wet, hairy, slimy, gloppy, 
and well fucked, Smith pussy.
	This time Judy's dad and two brothers watched me 
as I gave slurpy heavy suction to Mrs. Smith creamy 
pussy pie.  The men all cheered me on and their mom 
was in seventh heaven as she gyrated and rotated her 
shapely, but sloppy, bush against my tightly held 
face.  She was very vocal.  After about 10 minutes or 
so, she finally came with an obviously super orgasm as 
a result of my continuous tongue action.
	"Oh James, that was something.  Judy you have 
good taste in pussy eaters.  He really knows how to 
suck."
	I could only blush and cringe at such a dubious 
and unflattering remark, even though I seriously 
believed Mrs. Smith thought she was praising me.
	"Jamie, you did a right mighty fine job.  I like 
you son. From now on, you get the honor of being the 
family pussy eater for both my wife as well as our 
daughter, your bride to be."
	"Oh thanks honey, I really like that.  You always 
do good things for me. Plus it'll give me and James 
more time to know each other better." His wife added.
	"That's right mom, you really get to know a lot 
about a person when they suck your cum filled pussy 
out." Judy added.
	"Hey Mom, I think it's really cool to have my 
scum sucked and eaten out of you and sis." Judy's 
youngest brother injected his thoughts into the 
conversation.
	"Well I guess I better take a quick shower unless 
somebody wants some more of me.  James and I are 
supposed to be at his Aunt's house in less than two 
hours.  I better hurry." Judy said, as she left to 
shower after her father and brothers didn't 
acknowledge that they wanted to sex her anymore.  
Judy's action and the family's response to it, was 
done so casually and so naturally, that I was in total 
awe and amazement.  This indeed was a different family 
lifestyle than I'd ever imagined for the Smiths. 
	Her mom now wore the same dreamy expression I'd 
seen earlier, as I glanced over at her lying back on 
Judy's bed.  Still not believing what had taken place, 
I reached for the towel I'd had earlier to wipe her 
mother and brothers' fuck juices from my face. Her 
mother's cunt, had tasted as good as her daughter.  Of 
course, I could never admit to that.
As I was wiping my face, I heard Judy's youngest 
brother asking his mom for some more pussy.  She 
rebuffed him.
	"Aren't you satisfied dear?"  His mother replied 
to his request.
	"Seeing him do you like that got my dick up 
again."  He commented.
	"Well I'm tired and my pussy needs some rest." 
His mother commented wearily.  "Why didn't you ask 
your sister for some?"
	"She was in a rush."
"Then You'll have to wait for a while or go jerk 
off.  Now leave me alone so I can finish enjoying the 
afterglow of having both of you boy's fuck slime 
sucked out of me so wonderfully, thanks to my 
delightful, soon to be new son-in-law."  She commented 
as she threw me a kiss.  I blushed even a deeper red 
than before.  My face was hot.
	"Hell! Jamie!  Since you were partially 
responsible, that is for eating his mother's creamy 
box so good, I think you ought help out here.  I think 
it'd be a good idea to for you to take care of his 
dick."
	"W-W-What?"  I stammered in complete confusion 
and utter surprise as to what Judy's father said and 
implied.
	"You heard me!  Suck his dick!  You're 
responsible he got hard and you're responsible his 
mama's pussy is worn out!  So it's only natural you 
fill in for her.  Now get on your knees and open you 
mouth!"
	I was stunned beyond belief once more.  I 
couldn't believe Judy's dad was going to make me a 
cocksucker too, after all else had been done to me in 
such a short period of time.
	I eyed the door, but knew I couldn't make it.  I 
saw Judy's brother, the one with the hard dick, and a 
sizeable one I might add, advancing toward me.
	Mr. Smith seemed ready to pounce on me for the 
slightest sign I wasn't going to submit to his son.
	My heart was in my mouth as I concluded my only 
chance to get out of this with teeth was to let 
another Smith shoot cream on them.
	The younger son's prick was at least 8 inches 
long, thick in diameter and quite swollen, 
irrespective of the fact he'd screwed his mother very 
well not less than an hour ago.
	"On your knees Jamie."  Mr. Smith bellowed.  Like 
a robot, I knelt.  Really my knees just seem to give 
way at his command.  Now I was right in front of his 
son's jutting, blood gored dick head.  The penis glans 
were so shiny and distended.  I'm not a penis lover, 
but I couldn't help but thinking what a magnificent 
tool the younger son had.  There was pre-cum in the 
eye of his ready prick.
	I didn't know anything about sucking cock.  It 
dawned on me I should say so.
	"M-Mr. Smith, I-I've never s-sucked a..."  I 
stammered, but was quickly cut off.
	"No problem, just start licking his cockhead, let 
him push it in your yap and keep your teeth out of the 
way.  Then you just suck and slurp like a baby.  Don't 
worry, my boy will tell you ain't sucking him right.  
And Jamie, if you bite him, you gonna lose some teeth.  
Got that!"
	I was too scared to answer.  I just nodded my 
head I understood.
	When I turned my head back to his son's looming 
cock, he pushed it right to my lips.  I licked my 
first taste of hot pre-cum.  It was slippery, and a 
bit slimy, but not bad tasting.  A few licks and I 
could tell by his moans, and the pressure of his 
dickhead against my lips, that he wanted to make my 
mouth his pussy.
	"Oooooh, that feels good and wet."  I heard him 
moan as I parted my lips and he easily slipped the 
head in, as well as about three inches of his rigid 
shaft too.  I truly had a mouthful now.  He pulled 
back a bit and pushed even deeper now.  My mouth was 
truly stuffed.
	"That's it Jamie, you got the hang of it.  You're 
a natural.  Just slurp and suck, that's all you got to 
do to get your reward."  I still hated Judy's dad 
calling me Jamie and even more for what he was doing 
to me.  The idea of a load of his son's cum a reward 
was disgusting, but I knew I was helpless not to do 
other than I was doing.
	I was surprised at how quickly I got accustomed 
to the feel of his big stiff member between my lips.  
I also got my breathing technique under control.  I 
was really concerned about Judy's brother's 
ejaculation catching me off guard and me choking on my 
"reward", as his dad put it.
	I didn't have long to wait for the cock in my 
mouth to spurt and spewed its load of fresh hot semen.  
To my surprise, I was able to swallow all of the hot 
white slimy fuck fluids.  The taste was similar to the 
taste of when I first tried a glass of milk with a raw 
egg blended in it.  The biggest difference, his jism 
was rather creamy and very warm as it gushed over my 
tongue and gums.  I knew he or his father wouldn't 
tolerate me not swallowing it all, so I did.
	Mr. Smith's son obviously enjoyed helping me do 
my first blowjob, because he held my head to his cock 
for at least 5 minutes after he came.  His father 
encouraged him to do so and for me to suckle and 
"milk" his 19 year-old son.  I had no choice but to do 
as I was told.
	"Plop!"  His son pulled his dick from my mouth 
and the sound emitted was like that of a popgun.
	I was glad that scene of embarrassment was over.  
I started to get off my knees as I wiped my mouth.
	"Stay there Jamie, I think you got another 
customer."  In disbelief I looked to my left and now 
the other son, the 21 year-old one, held his sizeable 
fuck tool and it was jutting obscenely out just like 
his younger brother had previously.
	I was speechless and looked at Mr. Smith with 
pleading eyes not to make me degrade myself again.  He 
seemed to read my mind as well as my eyes.
	"You've done one, what's another one, especially 
since you already on your knees and hot and ready to 
lick and suck.  He said.
	I knew it was hopeless.  Once again, I licked, 
lapped and open up for another Smith prick.  Besides 
having to suck his son's well-proportioned cocks, the 
sad thing was that each of them was at least three 
times bigger than mine.
As I sucked and slurped on this next son's hard man 
meat, I thought of the fact that Judy was accustomed 
to such big meat.  Yet if she loved me as she said she 
did, it was obvious that wasn't a priority for the 
type of husband she wanted.  She knew I was 
significantly less endowed.
	It was slowly dawning on me that she needed or 
wanted, a weaker man than the type she'd grown up 
around.  One that was more sensitive, but who she 
could control and wouldn't interfere with her apparent 
need for multiple big cocks.
	Macho men such as her father or brothers or her 
old boyfriends would be jealous and territorial.  
However, a more modest, actually less endowed and 
meeker personality like me, even though intelligent, 
who she could control through her beauty and other 
means might be more to her liking, since she's 
somewhat strong willed too.
	I wondered how I could be thinking of such a 
thing as I was on my knees being subjugated and 
disgraced in the worse manner as I was.  It about this 
time I sensed that the next Smith prick was about to 
erupt and shower my gums with his hot thick cum.
	"Ooooooh Yessss!  Here it coooomes!  Hold my 
balls!  Hold them Jamie!"  I quickly did as he 
directed me.  As he yelled as he started spurting his 
heavy semen in my sucking mouth, I could feel a slight 
tremor in his rather large balls.  Afraid of letting 
them go to soon, I held them for the time I had to 
milk the dregs of his jism as he soaked his softening 
penis between my lips.
	I was so glad when his completely soft dick 
slipped from my lips, even though it left a long ropy 
strand of goo between my lips and his dick that 
stretched at least a foot until it broke as he walked 
away.
	I thought, finally this part of my nightmare was 
over.  Again I started to rise.  I desperately wanted 
to wash out my mouth, for my mouth was feeling gluey 
and slimy from all I'd been forced to do.
	"Don't move, just one more to go.  I snapped my 
head to see Mr. Smith coming from the other direction 
with his much larger and more massive member.  He had 
it exposed and at the ready.  It stood out like a 
small club.
	"P-Please Mr. Smith, I-I simply c-can't do 
another one.  P-Please let..."
	"Dry up Jamie!  You won't have to do hardly any 
work this time at all.  I'm gonna help you out."  He 
said loudly.  "Here hold my balls."
	I was still kneeling and mortified even more by 
his much larger tool and bigger balls.  He was before 
me before me in an instant and had pushed his much 
larger, but just as swollen penis head toward my slime 
coated lips.  He just pushed.  My lips parted and my 
mouth filled with his huge erection.  I held his huge 
balls.  They were overflowing my smaller pale white 
hands.
	I managed to keep my wits about me, trying to 
gather solace in the fact that at least he was the 
last cock I had to worry about.
	Just as he said he would, he did help me.  He 
started slowly fucking my face as he grasped the back 
of my head.  I literally was being faced fucked.
	I worked hard to keep my teeth out of the way and 
to accommodate his actions as he treated my head as a 
fucking device.  
"Oh Yeah!  You got some good mouth pussy here 
Jamie!" He shouted as he jacked off his big boner with 
my head. This went on for somewhere between 5 and 10 
minutes before he shot off what was surely the largest 
load of the evening I had to eat from the smith men. 
 	To make matters worse, unknown to me until it was 
too late, Judy's Mom, who was lying back on the bed 
watching the forced oralism of me, had pulled Judy's 
handy cam video camera off a nearby shelf.  She'd 
recorded virtually every suck and swallow I was forced 
to perform on her sons' and now her husband's stiff 
erections as they made my pursed lips and mouth their 
private fuck receptacle.  
	I had been thoroughly used and vanquished, I was 
beyond resisting them, it was a simple matter of 
trying not getting beat up and surviving the ordeal.
	By the time I realized I was being videotaped, 
Judy's dad had just begun his ejaculatory spurting.  
As usual, it was to be a sizeable load of semen from  
his large dick.  
Shocked at what Judy's Mom was doing I pulled my 
mouth free of her Dad's spurting dick.  What would've 
been just a normal regular run-of-the-mil blowjob in 
which the man being sucked, jism was dutifully 
consumed, my action caused the making of a XXX quality 
cum scene blowjob with her Dad's sticky gooey cum 
stretched all over my face and ropy strand drooling 
from my lips as well as splattered on my startled 
face.
	Seeing her with the camera, I made a futile 
attempt to get up and put my hand in front of the 
camera lenses some six feet away.  I never got more 
than a foot, as her irate husband grabbed me and 
almost held me up with one hand.  I was thoroughly 
berated for not letting my mouth stay wrapped around 
his gushing cock."
	"You owe me another blowjob!  Actually as many as 
I want! Got that!"  Again, I was cowed even more than 
before.  I was afraid I was going to get clobbered by 
his powerful fist, even after all I'd done to prevent 
from being beaten.  His fist was clench and ready for 
action.  I just knew I was a gonner.  In the midst of 
that I'd almost forgotten about his wife and the 
camcorder.
	"Stop Honey! Now take it easy honey.  I startled 
him when he saw I was taping him.  He didn't mean no 
harm.  It was just an accident.  Right Jamie dear?"
	"Y-Yes ma'am" I meekly said.  Thankful for her 
intervention even though I noticed she too was now 
calling me Jamie.  I hated it when people called me 
Jamie.  But this was not the time to exert myself or 
complain about such a small thing.
	  "You see he said so dear.  Now Jamie, tell my 
husband, that you're really sorry for pulling your 
lips off his dick as he was shooting off, but will be 
more than happy to make it up to him as many times as 
he and the boys need you to fill in for Judy and I."
	Not knowing what else to do, I capitulated and 
basically committed my mouth as a surrogate pussy for 
the Smith family men.  To make matters worse, her 
husband threw in the further condition, that other 
family men could also count on me for head too, if 
they needed or wanted me to do them.
	I just knew this couldn't be really happening, 
for I was on the verge of tears after he let me go.  I 
fought hard not to cry.  It was awful.

CHAPTER 8: EVENTS FROM OUR ENGAGEMENT: The Drive To 
Dinner 

	"James, you really are going to have to do 
something about your attitude.  You know I love you 
and so does Mom and Dad, And you know my brothers like 
you a lot.  Probably more so now that you've sucked 
their dicks.  And don't worry about Dad, it'll be okay 
with him.  He'll get over you pulling off his dick 
just as he was coming.  I'm sure you can understand 
they way he felt.  He's willing to forgive and forget, 
why can't you?  After all, he agreed to let you suck 
him some more to make up for one little silly 
disagreement."
	"I-I-I don't believe I-I hear what you're 
saying."  I-I've got to pull over so we can talk about 
this."  I said as I pulled just inside the entrance of 
a nearby park.
"By the way Judy, thanks for letting me use your 
toothbrush.  My mouth was so gummy and gluey f-from doing 
you a-and your mom as well from swallowing your brothers' 
and Dad's thick cum. I-I just had to brush before I left 
there."  I said in an embarrassed manner.
	"Of course darling, we are a partnership, bonded by 
love.  We will share so much on this journey of commitment 
to each other."  Judy replied in a sweet cooing voice, as 
she placed a kiss on my forehead.  She sounded and looked 
so delectable. However, she used that "B" word again -
bonded.  I was beginning to see it as a four-letter word 
even if it wasn't.
	"But seriously Judy, you really think I-I'm the 
right guy for..."
	"The right guy for me?  Of course you are, James 
darling.  I really love you.  Surely you aren't going 
to let a few little, well, er, not so little, cocks, 
and some other men's hot sperm interfere with the 
obviously deep love and affection we have for each 
other, are you?  I know I love you and I'm sure you 
love me too, don't you?"  Judy spoke in a warm wooing 
manner.
	I hated it when she talked that way.  It had a 
way of soothing me down whenever things were going 
wrong.
"J-Judy, I-I'm having a hard time dealing with t-
this.  Y-You're so cool and clam.  Y-Y-You were h-
having sex with..."
	"Bonding darling, bonding with my brothers and 
Dad.  It's us doing such things for each other that 
build up the warm, nurturing, and close relationship 
we have as a family. 
"Judy, it r-really hurt to know about you having 
in-intercourse b-behind my back, but with your family 
members and old boyfriends is-is a lot to deal with.  
A-And that doesn't even touch on all the other things 
I was forced to do... and now that y-your mom has that 
video, I-I just don't know what to do."
	"That's easy, you're going to accept me, love me, 
and become my husband."
	"Judy, w-why are you doing this to me?  Yes I do 
love you.  You're the girl I could only dream of 
dating, much less planed to be married to."
	"Remember we talked about this some time ago 
James.  Looks and prick size are not everything 
sweetie.  You have other things I need besides those 
things.  You're caring, you're understanding, gentle, 
and most of all, we can talk about the books we've 
read as we take long walks and share tender moments."
	"B-but when we're not doing that and you have the 
urge to be with your o-other men a-and family members, 
w-what about me?"
	"You can find something else to do while I get 
help for your inadequacies in that area.  However, 
you're not to get involved with another woman!  That 
is O! U! T! OUT!  You are to remain faithful! 
Understand?"
	"Y-Y-Yes.  Q-Quite clear."  I replied meekly as I 
stuttered and stammered.  I was caught off guard by 
her sudden, point blank assertiveness.
	Judy and I talked for a while more. It became 
rather apparent, she had no inclination of releasing 
me from my commitment for marriage and that the 
videotape her mom made was also now a part of the 
persuasion tools she held over my head.  I gave up 
trying and decided to resume driving over to my aunt's 
house for dinner.  Besides, I was hungry.
	"You mean you're still hungry after all the 
creamy appetizers you've eaten?"  Judy replied at my 
remark of being famished.
	
END OF PART 2

TO BE CONTINUED IN: FAMILY BONDING PART 3 (Sometime 
This Summer - circa 2000)

Comments?  C.D.E.  at ccwriter@hotmail.com

