Title: It's Not Nice To Hit Keith
Author: bobwhite
Summary: A preacher finds out that it's not a hot idea to punch a
powerful mind controller.
Keywords: MC MF FF MOD IN MD

It's Not Nice To Hit Keith
by bobwhite 

                          * * * * * * * * * *

*Author's Note: This is one of three stories I submitted to
MichelleLovesTo's and Jay Petto's contest. Each story had to be
inspired by a song from the 1970's or 1980's. Guess which one this was
based on! Feedback is appreciated. This is a little more harsh than my
standard fare, but the song it was based on was kind of harsh...
Enjoy!*

                          * * * * * * * * * *

I was sure nervous about this whole thing, but I am in the business of
forgiving, so I really owed it to Keith after what happened last
Sunday.

I mean, I was truly sorry for hitting him, and I can't believe it
happened. I'm a preacher, for crying out loud! But, this is a small
town, and everybody knows what that sick, obscene man does at home.
He's managed to work his way into the pants of almost all the nice-
looking married women in the town. Nobody knows how, but everybody
knows that he has a lot of luck seducing married women. No wonder he
has no friends.

Being that this town has only a few churches, I've had to council the
married couples to work past their differences. Amazingly, the wives
are usually very faithful to their husbands after a brief encounter
with Keith, many going so far as to have plastic surgery to look even
more beautiful than before. Usually, it's bigger breasts, slimmer
tummies, and the like.

Keith is like an evil catalyst for marriage happiness. I'd known him
since he was a boy--he was the typical boy scout type, helping old
ladies and blind people cross the street and such. But, when he came
back from some private college nobody had ever heard of, his lechery
quickly obtained newspaper-worthy status.

But when he came to church, I was just so mad at what he had done with
my wife a couple of weeks ago--something not even the rumor mill knows
about--that I just punched him in the nose.

He just smiled, holding his nose, and said, "OK, Reverend. No more Mr.
Nice Guy." I thought there would be some kind of fight right there,
but he just left. Thank God.

Many people were so ashamed of me that they didn't show up to church
the next week, my own family included.

"Well, let's get this over with," I told myself as I pulled up to his
closed garage, got out of my car, and went to his door. Before I could
knock, he opened it for me and ushered me inside, directing me to sit
on a chair across from his couch. He took a seat in the middle of the
couch. He may not have been expecting me--he was only wearing a robe.

"Reverend, I'm glad you could make it. Would you care for a drink?" He
asked.

His nose didn't appear to have any injury whatsoever, so this would be
easy. "Yes; a beer would be nice, if you have it," I replied. It's
nice on a house call to show the person you're talking to that you are
just a man. A cold bottle of beer is both refreshing and a great
equalizer.

"Look, Keith, I'm really sorry about hitting you. But you know why I
did it. I just..."

Keith held up his hand and I stopped talking, rather suddenly. "No
need to explain yourself. I guess if I was as powerless and as
pathetic as you, I'd have done the same thing."

My temper broke before I even knew I was mad. "Pathetic? Listen,
buddy, you are the one who is wrong here. I..." His hand went up and
again, my throat simply closed.

"Throat dry? Oh, Sara? Please bring hubby a beer," he called towards
what I figured was the kitchen.

'Wait a sec... Sara is my wife's name!!' I realized. I turned, and in
walked my wife, naked as the day she was born, carrying a beer. "What
in damnation..." I screamed before, again, my voice failed me.

"I said, no more Mr. Nice Guy. And, I meant it. You see, Rev, you
really pissed me off, and now I'll show you what I'm really all about.
I'm no ordinary man. And, no, despite what you're thinking, I'm not a
devil. I'm just... well, watch this," he said.

My wife went to him, opened his robe, and pulled out--'Holy shit, is
that his penis?' I thought as I saw its size. It was easily nine
inches long, and pretty thick. Somehow, though, my wife was able to
take it into her mouth, and she actually started moaning and wiggling
her hips. I tried to get up so I could grab her and take her home, but
I could not move.

He smiled at me. "Don't think about trying to move. I'm in complete
control of everything. But, I bet you're wondering why your wife is
enjoying this so much, especially considering the fact that she's
never sucked your dick before. Be honest."

I was not going to say a word, but I blurted out, "No, she hasn't!"
before I could stop myself.

"Tell him why you enjoy this so much," he told Sara.

She took her mouth off his member long enough to say, "Every time I
take him in my mouth, I can feel his cock in my cunt and my asshole...
and it's soooooooo good!" She returned to her task, and suddenly
started moaning louder and picking up speed. As she deep throated him,
she screamed into his dick, and some liquid actually dripped form her
slit.

"You never make her cum like that, so you, Preachy?" he said as she
rolled to the side, still breathing hard and running her hands over
her wonderful body.

"No," I said, dejected... and a little turned on. Somehow, he picked
up on that.

"Good, glad you're enjoying the show. But, there's more to come. Oh
Jenn? Heather?" he said loudly, looking towards a closed door--
probably to a bedroom or something. I heard he has a kitchen, living
room, and 7 bedrooms in this house. I bet it was true... something
told me he could control a lot more of the situation than I had ever
imagined possible.

'Stay on focus, idiot! He just called the names of your daughters!!'
my mind screamed. I watched in horror as my daughters, both naked,
came out--each one holding some things that I imagined were sex toys.
Heather had a bottle of something, as well. It said "Analease."
'Sounds like a strange language,' I thought as I racked my brain to
figure out what was in the bottle.

"It's anal lube, dummy. It's what I'm going to use to fuck your
daughters in the ass. But first, I want you to witness my power.
Ladies, drop the goods on your dad's lap, and stand in front of him."
They obeyed, and he got up and walked behind my chair. He picked up a
couple of towels he had sitting there and one to each girl. My wife
was just coming around, and was playing with herself.

"First, the hair." He waived his hands, and a bunch of hair just fell
off my daughter's... privates. Heather was 20, and home from
university--her... bush, do they call it...?--was sort-of thick, but
it all just fell off. She rubbed her body with the towel to remove all
traces of body hair. My 17-year-old also had a lot of hair--they both
took after their mother--and it was gone now, too.

"Anything you want to say to daddy?" Keith asked them.

"Daddy, we're just so glad we met Keith! He's been reeeeeeeal nice,"
Heather said as she threw the towel down and started playing with
herself.

"Super nice," Jenn added as she began to finger the top of her pussy,
paying particular attention to one area--a tiny little nub of some
kind.

"Rev, watch this," Keith said. Suddenly, my daughters stopped their
masturbation and embraced each other. I thought maybe he had released
them from whatever hold he had on my family, but when I say them
kissing and pawing at each other, my heart sank. My dick, on the other
hand, did not.

Then, they separated and began to rub each others boobs--and that's
when I noticed something that I'd never seen before. It did explain a
lot, though. Their breasts grew right in front of me! The bigger they
got, the more my daughters moaned as they pinched each others pink
nipples.

When the breasts stopped growing, I took in the sight of my lovely
daughters--I had been paying attention to the tits, so I didn't notice
that they now had lost much of their baby fat, and instead both had a
wonderful hourglass figure. They embraced again, and fell to the
floor. Jenn was on top, and got up, turned around, and fell on her
sister again--now, each one had a vagina... no, pussy... in front her
face, and they started... 'Oh my God!'

"It's actually called a sixty-nine, Rev, but it is heavenly. You're
right on that point." He walked around to where the bottle of lube
was, smeared some on his dick (which now seemed smaller; probably
about six inches and a little thinner), and walked to Jenn, whose ass
was up and wiggling to Heather's tongue-lashing.

"See, I am still a little nice, so I took their cherries before you
came over. Oh, just so you don't stain your underwear..." With that,
my wife stopped frigging her clit, and came to me on hands and knees.
I watched as she took off my pants, freed my hard cock and took me in
her mouth. I felt her whole body shake.

Popping up after only a few plunges, she looked at me and said, "Oh
God, Josh, I feel it when I blow you, too!" She quickly resumed her
actions, and my arousal crept up higher. I looked up, and Keith was
slowly making his way into my daughter's asshole. It took a few slow
tries before he began moving in and out easier.

Jenn lifted her head from her sister's sweltering sex and screamed,
"Yes! Fuck my tight ass! Suck my clit... unnnnnngh...." That verbal
bit out of the way, she returned to Heather's cunt, eliciting a few
more screams.

He picked up his speed, grabbing Jenn's full hips and banging away
like it was going out of style. Jenn came up to her hands, apparently
too lost in lust to be much good for Heather, and began screaming and
grunting. Heather put three fingers in her younger sister's slit to
increase the stimulation.

"Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck... Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah!" Jenn
screamed as Keith collapsed on top of her. I shot a load into my
wife's mouth, and she swallowed it all. Judging by Heather's bucking
hips, she came, too.

Much of the rest of the afternoon involved me watching Keith fuck my
daughters while I got to fuck my wife, albeit still glued to the
chair. She was amazing, even better than right after her little
intercession. And, I could not believe how wrong I was about the place
of sexuality in a Christian community. Certainly, this was the way to
go. Everybody so open, so hot, just enjoying the pleasures given to us
by Him....

As midnight drew near, he told us to get dressed. As the women in my
family went to the bedroom to get their clothes, he let me get up so I
could shake his hand... and get my clothes on.

"Why are you letting me take them home, Keith? I mean, thank you, but
you're so powerful, and I did hit you--isn't this a little nice?" I
asked. I thought he'd be taking my family from me and had resigned
myself to that eventuality.

"Oh no. It's not nice. Not at all," he said, and then left the room.
After a few minutes, my wife and daughters came out, barely fitting
into their clothes. We went home, and except for the extra bouts of
late-night sex, nothing was out of the ordinary.

Seven weeks later, for some reason, I saw him in church again.
Suddenly, his comments about not being nice were back in my head. I
wondered what he was going to do.

As soon as it was time for my sermon, I went to the front of the
podium... and took off my pants. Suddenly, a nine-inch cock came out,
and I started stroking it. My attention was drawn from my cock when
Heather ripped off Sara's blouse. Jenn took care of the bra, and they
sat on either side of her, each one sucking her wonderful tits while
using one hand to play with themselves and the other to reach up their
mother's skirt to fondle their mother's twat.

As I made my way to them, I thought, 'when did my thoughts and speech
get so filled with profanity?' I didn't care much, though, because as
soon as I got to them, I fucked each one of them to an orgasm while
the other two went at each other. I came each time, too. The
congregation just sat there in disbelief. When we were all done,
reality struck us.

Now, no church will hire me. It's so bad we had to start doing porn to
pay the bills. The papers write about my family's fall from grace all
the time, and Keith is all but forgotten.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2004, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.