Katiebug The Lady-Buggered
by LisaCass

Dominating a new fiancé and getting her to submit.

Jim prepared everything for her first visit to his childhood home. It was his opportunity to finally conquer her will and make her succumb to all his lustful demands. Caitlin or Katiebug as she's known on the internet was adamant about her American heritage and would never bow to his British ways. She even refused to sleep on a bed with a Union Jack duvet.

When Jim invited her up to meet the family he knew they would be leaving that evening for holiday and he'd have the house all to himself.

First he covered the duvet on his bed with a dark sheet and rigged a rope to the ceiling light and hid it in the glass dome. One end would connect to the tie he planned to use to bind Katie's wrists the other would connect to a nail behind the headboard to control how much freedom her arms would have. The plan was perfect and his trap was set.

After the meet and greet the parents bid them farewell and Jim could put his plan into action. He had asked that Katie bring her American Flag bikini along so they could enjoy the hot tub together but he really had other plans. When he sent her off to change he stripped to a pair of Union Jack briefs and concealed them with a robe. He hid a tie, a camera, and a blindfold in the pockets in order to get her into position before the fun began.

When she bounced back into his room he grasped her forearms and kissed her deeply on the lips. How bout a bit of fun before we head out to the hot tub as he pulled the blindfold from his pocket. Katie was a little reluctant but went along with his game and allowed him to cover her eyes with the cloth. Next he lightly grasped her wrists and she felt the silk tie slide over them and become tight. Jim bound them together better than he normally did as she could usually pull them apart when she wanted to.

This time they didn't give an inch and flash of concern washed over her that quickly subsided when he passionately kissed her again. He led her to the bed and quickly pulled the dark sheet off to reveal a huge Union Jack. Katie was directed to crawl to the center of the bed and remain on her knees while Jim climbed on standing in front of her. He removed the two ends of the rope that was looped around the light and connected one end to the bedpost. As he raised Katie's hands high above her head he connected the other end to the tie bound her wrists forcing her to remain in that position.

Katie was quite a site on her knees in an American flag bikini on a British flag bed cover with her hands and arms tied high in the air. The scene was exactly as Jim had imagined it.

Jim was so excited he shed his robe got the camera out and took pictures standing on the bed in front of her in only his British briefs while his cock was straining against the thin fabric. The British conquest of the colonies was about to take place right here in his very bedroom.

He slowly slid the blindfold off so that Katie could take in her new surroundings. "Wait a minute redcoat she screamed this isn't happening like this". "Let me go". Jim just smiled and slowly lowered the front of his briefs allowing his cock to spring out. Katie clamped her mouth shut and shook her head. "No, no way not in this outfit on this bed, not happening". Jim slowly moved forward the tip of his manhood pressing against her lips as she turned her head away. Jim gripped a handful of hair and tried again as Katie could no longer turn away.

Her lips remained locked until Jim pinched her nose and she had to breath. At that instant the head slipped past her lips and filled her throat as he push all the way till his balls slapped her chin. The ravaging continued for a few seconds and Katie finally succumbed to the fact that all she could do was allow him to finish. The battle was over, she began to work his cock till she could tell he was about to cum and then took him deep as he burst the largest load she could recall into her waiting throat.

Well well looks like the Northern colonies have submitted to the Crown. At that moment he pulled Katie's American flag top off and threw it on the floor. He withdrew his cock and moved behind her on the bed. The rope was released slightly to allow Katie's hands to come down to eye level. Jim knelt down and slipped his hand inside her bikini bottom. His fingers moving directly to her slit to find it already dripping wet. He flicked her clit and fingered her savagely till she came. He didn't stop and continued to thrust his fingers deeper and deeper until she came for a second time with a violent shudder.

He pulled the bottom aside and rammed his cock all the way in with one stroke as Katie squealed in pleasure. He arched her back, grabbed her hair and pounded away for what seems like hours to Katie. She came again and again as Jim took her with no mercy. She felt his thumb massage her rosebud and slowly press inside as he continued to rail her. The sensation was more that she could take and nearly passed out as she shuddered when they both climaxed together. Katie felt his hot seed flowing deep inside her as he held her hips tightly against his.

The next move was as expected Jim ripped her American flag bikini bottoms off and stated the Southern colonies had also surrendered as they too fell in a pile on the floor. He loosened the rope a bit more and allowed Katie to lie prone on her belly with her arms still above her head.

Katie realized that not only was she laying on a British flag she was now full of British cum and had surrendered willingly to his onslaught.

At that moment Jim began to massage her back and shoulders. He reached around cupping her breasts and gave the nipples a few tweeks for good measure. As he lay on top of her he began kissing her neck and behind her ears. He was actually being gentle and loving so it didn't take long and she felt him harden again and knew it was time for round two. In seconds she was dripping wet as the tip of Jim's cock slid up and down her slit. Again his thumb pressed her tight little asshole as he spread her juices liberally around the rim. Suddenly she saw both of Jim's hands grasp her forearms as the pressure increased on her rosebud. Jim leaned his head closer and whispered in her ear, "Now it's time to conquer the Wild Wild West".
