I was born in a middle class family. We were used to live in a joint
family system earlier. My father really worked hard to up-grade our
standard of living and ultimately somehow achieved his target. He
bought a separate house for us and provided us almost all the
necessities. But my mom was totally neglected by him in gaining all
those material things.

I always saw people eyeing my mother with a different angle and she
enjoyed their poking stares undoubtedly. That was not the age of my
puberty but I was a full grown-up boy. Instead of getting angry or
feeling jealous, I felt strings of strange pleasures which make my
penis hard and bigger. At that age it seemed to me that my brain was
being controlled by my penis.

I was just 18 and my mom was 39 at that time. First I tell you about
my Mom, Saima, who was a complete bombshell. She is fair with black
hair, 5' 6" tall and was 36c/28/38. Perhaps she was the fantasy of
every man. She used to dress up in the normal Pakistani fashion
i.e.: a Shalwar & Qameez (Long shirt and a loose trouser tied with a
string or elastic).

It all happened when dad had gone on a business trip to Dubai for a
couple of months and asked his younger brother to stay with us. It
was my summer vacation so I used to just watch TV to pass my time. I
noticed mom was pretty happy after the dad's departure and enjoyed a
lot in my Chacha's (Uncle) company. Exactly 2 weeks later I heard
that my Chacha's friend Shakil was going to visit us. She really got
overjoyed as she heard that news. I always knew that my uncle was
very frank with mom and both he and his friend were always
interested in her. I had noticed them on my 16th birthday party when
mom had invited them. They were always eyeing mom but had no chance
to get near her as dad was around. I knew he was coming for mom but
I did not want to interfere too much in mom's business.

Finally the day came when he arrived. Mom greeted him very warmly. I
showed him his room as I put his luggage in the room. By mistake, I
dropped one of his handbags and the items in the bag popped out. I
quickly gathered the articles to place them back and was shocked to
find a pack of condoms. Immediately my doubts about their intentions
got clear. After that my mom showed them our newly constructed house
in Islamabad so that they could easily roam around.

I started to stay at home most of the time to keep an eye on there
activities. I noticed they were getting frustrated for not getting
mom just in one day. It was obvious that they did not want me to
know that they wanted to fuck her. One day they asked my Mom that
Shakil's friend owned a summerhouse at Nathiagali (A beautiful hilly
resort), just at a few hours drive from our home. Why shouldn't we
go for a few days to Nathiagali? Every body agreed including me as I
had started to feel erotic about my Mom but we had to make plans for
the next evening as mom had some work in the morning.

Mom completed her tasks and informed my father at Dubai about our
trip, who allowed us to go on one condition if his brother
accompany's us. So after collecting the warm clothes we set for
Nathiagali at six pm. It was started to get dark but the mountains
were looking very romantic to me. It took two and a half hours to
reach at Nathiagali. During the travel Shakil who was quite an
educated and friendly person started to be friendlier with me. He
was telling us the jokes all the way and my mom really participated
with him. I then realised, how my Mom was excited about them and too
much happy. I decided to let them give a chance to enjoy. I even
started to enjoy their company too and leaving my arrogant behavior
behind and joined them. When we reached at Nathiagali I observed the
house was newly constructed and was quite isolated. It was
constructed up on the hill and the only approach to the house was a
staircase had 25-30 steps. It was right in the middle of a very
bushy area with lots of trees. Mom was looking quite sexy in her
fitted see through, blue Shalwar and Qameez, showing her large
breasts prominently.

It was raining very heavily and getting too much cold when we
reached there. We climbed up the stairs very speedily to get into
the Veranda but due to the heavy rain we almost got drench. My Mom's
dress seemed to be disappeared and clenching with her skin. Her
brassier and her belly button could easily been seen through. She
was giving a complete wet and erotic look in that posture. They both
feasted their eyes and my mom pleasurably displayed and allowed them
to enjoy. Soon she realized my presence and put her arms around her
large breasts pretended to shiver in cold. Shakil immediately
unlocked the door to get us in.

The house had two bedrooms, a lounge and a kitchen. We put our
handbags in the bedroom and selected one for mom and me and one for
Asim Chachu and Shakil. After drying us out, we arranged an umbrella
and approached the car as we all were feeling hungry so went for the
dinner to the bazaar after settling down. It was a quick dinner
because it seemed that they wanted to be home for their action as
soon as possible. We sat around the wood fire to keep us warm in the
living room as it was getting colder. Asim Chachu (Uncle) put on the
stereo he had brought along. The atmosphere was very friendly. Then
Shakil went to his room and brought a bottle of Wine.

He said showing the bottle, "If u guys don't mind may I enjoy this?"

Everybody showed no objection and allowed him to enjoy. He started
to drink and then he invited mom for a dance. Mom looked at me once
hesitantly and getting a gentle smile from me she moved on to
Shakil's arms for a dance. I watched Shakil moving his hand on mom
back and occasionally touching her butt. I saw Mom loved it but was
aware of my presence. Suddenly Chachu poured a glass of whisky for
himself and said, "let's enjoy."

I saw from the corner of eye as Chachu went to the side table,
prepared a couple of soft drinks mixing a little whisky for mom and
me without knowing us. I knew his intention was to put me to sleep
and enjoy with mom. I pretended to drink and emptied the glass
behind me in the pot. After half an hour watching my mom enjoying
dancing in both of their arms, I acted to look drunk and sleepy.
Soon it was 11:00 and I begged leave to sleep. Chachu helped me to
my bedroom as he thought that I was drunk. He dropped me on the bed
and after confirming that I was asleep he switched off the light and
went into the living.

I got up very instant and opened the door a little to see them
enjoying with my hot mom. I saw Shakil was now rubbing his body with
my mom very freely and she was enjoying too. My Chachu also joined
them and coming on Mom's backside he started to press his body too.
Then he put his arms around my Mom and started to squeeze her
breasts. She threw her head on Chachu's shoulder and put her arms
around his neck. Mom gave a naughty smile and then turned her face
towards my room. Shakil had already begun to kiss mom. Mom was also
participating freely by that time. Chachu pulled her Qameez off
leaving her in her blue sleeveless thin and short slip and Shalwar.
Shakil continued to kiss mom all over her body, while Chachu removed
the slip and her Shalwar instantly. My cock had become very hard as
I watched from the crack of the door. Mom was left in her black lacy
bra and panties. She took off Shakil's and Chachu's shirt and
trousers. Mom was looking very sexy just in her lingerie. Her
breasts were growing inside her bra. Both the men removed their
underwear and revealed their cocks. They were really hard and
enormous, standing like a pole. Then they removed mom's bra and
panties. It seemed mom had freshly shaved her pussy and kept it
ready for them. Chachu carried mom to the wooden table right in the
middle of the room.

Mom said erotically, "I was waiting for you both for so long".

Shakil kept on kissing mom more deeply. Chachu sucked her right
breasts and played with the other one. Mom's nipples were looking
really amazing erect and firm. Chachu was squeezing her breasts as
if he was squeezing a water balloon. Then Shakil started sharing
sucking my Mom's gigantic breasts also. Both of them were planting
some deep kisses all over mom's white milky breasts. Occasionally
they would finger fuck her.

Mom was giving out light moans "aaah ooooaahhhhhh".

Mom took both their cocks in her hands and started pushing its skin
up and down. My Mom was completely naked then, with her legs spread
wide. Shakil quickly knelt between her legs and started to run his
tongue over the folds of her bare pussy while Chachu near the table
and fed his throbbing erection into Mom's open mouth. To my surprise
Mom took in the entire cock. It was a really hot sight watching
mom's breasts jiggle around.

I noticed Mom felt a tingle as Shakil's tongue came into contact
with her clit and involuntarily spread her thigh's wider apart,
giving her lover better access to her vagina. She moaned deeply
around the cock in her mouth and felt it twitch with the sudden
vibration. She had, at first, wanted this to be over quickly, but
now felt again that strong urge to please the men she was servicing.
Shakil's tongue on her pussy was wonderful, and she knew she was
creeping closer and closer towards orgasm. As she felt herself
tipping over the edge of climax, she swallowed Chachu's cock down to
the root and groaned with satisfaction. She felt wave after wave of
pleasure waft over her body as her toes curled and her legs trembled
and was rewarded with a gush of excitement from Chachu's cock as he
orgasmed into her mouth.

I saw the whole thing from the crack of darkened room. My emotions
were in turmoil. I knew that I should be shocked; should be angry
and jealous, but all I felt at present was a growing excitement at
watching these two studs fuck my Mom's mouth and lick her smooth
cunt. As I watched Chachu withdraw from her mouth with cum dripping
from Mom's lips, I became suddenly aware of my own throbbing
erection, and without thinking pulled my cock from the confines of
my underwear and started masturbating. I could see Shakil's cock
twitching between his legs and wondered what would happen next.

"Shit, Asim," said Shakil as he rose from between my Mom's open
legs. "Look, man, your cum's running down her chin!"

"Yeah, don't she look cute like that!" replied Chachu with a grin.

"Come on then Shakil, I suppose you want me to suck you off as
well?" said Mom.

"No way, baby! I want some of this here!" replied Shakil as he
pushed three fingers into Mom's soaked and open pussy.

Mom gasped at the intrusion to her body. She couldn't help herself,
and as Shakil's fingers rubbed over her swollen clit, her body shook
as another orgasm swept over her.

"Jeez, Shakil. She's so wet now. Go on, do her now! Fuck that tight
little pussy of hers we always wanted!"

Shakil was already standing between Mom's legs. With his hands under
her firm buttocks he pulled her roughly towards him, lined up his
cock with her open hole and pushed himself fully inside. My Mom
gasped again as she felt him slide into her wet channel up to the
hilt. Her eyes were tight shut as Shakil began to fuck her with long
frantic strokes. Asim Chachu started to squeeze her huge tits, as
her pussy took a vicious pounding.

"Aaaaaahhhhhaaaa aaaaaa ahhaahahahahaahah."

Mom left sucking her brother-in-laws dick and was saying" Oh
yes. . . . Take me, Hhhaaaaannnn aur dalo .. . . aur zor se (Yes,
Fuck me harder...Harder). I love u fucking me.
Deeeeeeeeeeeeeeppppperrrrr."

Chachu waited patiently as Shakil fucked my mom. After the fifteen
minutes of hot and furious fucking, Shakil ejaculated his load in my
mom. He was so exhausted that he fell to the side. During this whole
session mom had her eyes closed.

Now It was my Chachu's turn to fuck mom he gave her a minute or two
to recover, and then said, "I'm going to fuck you now, you my horny
bitch bhabi(Sister-n-law), is that what you always wanted?"

Mom moaned and said, "Oh yeah please!"

He ordered Mom to get on her hands and knees. He liked it doggy
style, and so did she. They were right in front of Shakil, whose
cock was rock hard again and eyes were wide open. I could see
everything through the crack, and it turned me on even more to watch
my sexy Mom getting fucked by her handsome brother in law.

He started to enter her, and his cock was so thick and long, he had
to go in very slowly. It was so tight! I noticed. He kept at it
though, and soon was deep inside her. It felt amazing! He slowly
started fucking her, and each push felt like she would be split in
two. The sight of that big cock going in and out of Mom's tight
brown pink pussy was amazing. Shakil was moaning again.

Chachu started talking really dirty to her, something she loved. "I
always knew you are one hot bitch, oh bhabi your cunt is so tight.
Do you like that big cock, you slut? Ohh, take it, baby, fuck it."

She started talking back "Oh fuck me Asim, that feels so good Oh
God!"

Soon they both had explosive orgasm together, she came so hard
around his huge cock, and I thought she was going to pass out. His
cock just exploded inside my mother's tight cunt, and afterwards he
held onto her tight, and they both were just feeling the intense
pleasure. As I saw them exploding I couldn't control myself and also
exploded a huge amount of cum, sperm after sperm and sprayed on the
back of the door. Then he rolled over and she hugged him, while
Shakil watched.

After they recovered for a few minutes, My Mother smiled at Shakil,
took his cock in her moth and in her long nailed hand and started to
pump it up and down. She told him he could jerk off on her. As she
started to blow him off and bent forward, her pussy got exposed for
my view. I saw the heavy cum was oozing out of her slit and dripping
her healthy thighs. He came in a couple of minutes; he was so hot
and frustrated from watching my hot mom getting fucked doggy style
by his stud friend. He came all over my mom's tits and body, and
then she asked him to get a washcloth and clean up his mess. He did,
and then helped her to the bedroom. As I saw them approaching the
room I immediately rushed to the bed and pretended to be fast
asleep. Shakil hugged my mom and left the room. I was so indulge in
watching and couldn't even think about cleaning the mess I had
created.

As he closed the door I heard my Mother's voice," Sunny I know you
are not sleeping. You have watched everything. I have seen u peeping
through the door."

I opened my eyes and saw my mom looking at me smilingly. I
asked, "Sorry Mom, I shouldn't interfere in your business but
couldn't stop my-self watching u three enjoying. Please don't get
angry."

She then came to my bed kissed me and said,"Oh no son, I hope you'll
keep this secret of mine. I couldn't control myself so I hope you
will be my best friend too?"

I looked at her and said, "OK Mom, If you be my best friend then
I'll be with u."

She then immediately turned her face towards the door and said as
she winked her eye, "I can see that my young friend has enjoyed a
lot. And I think we'll enjoy a lot in the next coming days of our
stay here?"

After that discussion she went to her bed and went to sleep in no
time. I watched her relaxed, calmed and greatly satisfied face for a
long time then also went to sleep.

From that day on I used to be with her as her buddy in every fuck
party to get a satisfactory masturbatory session. Because of me, my
dad never got suspicious of her illicit and hot activities.

