Author: mypenname3000
Title: Becoming Mama's Good Boy Chapter Six: Mind-Controlled Son's Incestuous Date
Subtitle: A Belt Buckle Mind-Control Story
Summary: Mama's good boy has a date with the hot cheerleader. But his mama's not going to be left behind!
Keywords: mF mFf inc mc oral anal creampie exhib voy public

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this!

Mmm, we're going to get you all nice and ready for your date, Mom purred as she hugged me from behind in the shower. Her big, soapy boobs rubbed into my back as she worked the bar of soap up and down my stomach and chest.

My cock throbbed before me. It was Saturday so fast. The week had flown by. I was going on my first date with Donna. My first date with a girl, and it wasn't just any girl. It was Donna the smoking-hot, redheaded cheerleader. And it was all thanks to becoming a mama's boy. Donna found it hot that I fucked my mother. 

That I was a good son who sexually satisfied the woman who brought me into the world. 

My mother's hard nipples rubbed into my back as she worked her soapy tits up around in slow circles, her hands caressing my body. My dick ached so much from her touch. She licked my ear, the warm shower splashing on my chest. This was the first time we had showered together like this.

It was fucking hot. I couldn't believe it. I groaned as her hands touched me. Her fat nubs poked me in the back. Her boobs were so soft. She had such big tits. Mommy tits. Her tongue stroked my ear, adding to my delight. I groaned as she worked her hands lower.

You're going to be so handsome, Jason, Mom purred. Mmm, you're Mama is going to make sure that you're such a stud for Donna. Yes, you are. Just such a stud.

I smiled at her words. The world had changed in the last week since I put on that belt. Only I knew it. At my school, more and more guys were fucking their mothers. A few were holding out. Some of the jocks who were too prideful, thinking they didn't need their mothers when they were getting it from girls left and right. Except more and more girls were only getting with guys wearing M.I.L.F.S. badges.

Mom's hand grabbed my cock. She stroked up and down my dick. My eyes closed. I shuddered as she pumped up and down my shaft, washing me. Her soapy hand glided from base to tip, massaging me. The pressure built at the crown. My balls tightened.

Her other hand soaped my nuts. I shuddered, loving the feel of her fingers kneading my balls. I bit my lip, the shower spray splashing warm on my chest. Mom nibbled on my ear, her boobs rubbing into my back felt so perfect. This was the delight that I needed. I was hurtling closer and closer to cumming. My face contorted, savoring the pleasure she gave me.

Fuck, I groaned. Oh, goddamn, that's good. Mama! You're the best.

Mmm, just making sure my sexy boy is ready for his little date, she cooed. You need to be all clean. Yes, you do.

Her hand pumped faster and faster. I shuddered, so excited from her touching me. I couldn't last long. I was on a hair-trigger. I might be getting sex from my mom, Donna, her mom, and a few other MILFs all the time, but I was still a fifteen-year-old boy. It didn't take much to get me off sometimes. 

I groaned as her slick hand slid up to the tip of my cock and brushed the tip. The pressure exploded from my cock. My nuts twitched in my mother's hand. I grunted, firing blast after blast of cum. My face contorted with delight as I unloaded.

Spurt after spurt of cum exploded from my dick. My balls twitched in my mother's kneading hand. She gasped in delight as she washed my cock, stroking up and down me. She wrung out my cum that splashed on the wall and fixtures.

Shit! I groaned.

Mmm, there we are, she purred. Getting you all nice and clean for your date. Isn't that wonderful, Jason?

Yes! I groaned, hitting the peak of my pleasure. The rapture buzzed through me. I swayed. Oh, yes, I'm going to be so ready for it, Mama.

She stroked my cock one more time while I shuddered in her arms. Then her soapy hands slid down my thighs, washing my legs. I groaned, feeling so good. She had me turn around next, her soapy breasts rubbing into my chest. 

Mom kissed me. She thrust her tongue into my mouth as her hands grabbed my ass. She soaped my rump. Her fingers dug into my ass. I shuddered as she squeezed my butt-cheeks. My dick throbbed against her belly. She was so affectionate. I loved her so much. Dad wasn't getting anything. Mom was all mine. We even shared her bed last night since it wasn't a school night.

Dad had to sleep in my room. Not that he seemed to care. It was still so surreal.

Mmm, there, Mom purred and turned off the shower, her hands still on my ass.

We slipped off and dried each other off. It was hot rubbing her tits with the pink terrycloth while she massaged my body with a dark-blue towel. When we were dry, she wiped down the mirror and then stood behind me at the counter. She grabbed the shaving cream. I didn't have to shave every day, but I wanted to be extra smooth.

Having my mom shave me was different. After rubbing the shaving cream into my face, I tried not to tremble, my dick hard once more, as she hugged me from behind. Once more, I had her naked tits on my back and her wet bush on my ass. She ran the razor slowly, working with care. I was a little nervous, but I trusted my mom. She was amazing. She loved me. My mama would never hurt me.

After she shaved me, she ran her fingers over my face, feeling every bit of it. Mmm, smooth.

Thanks, Mom, I said.

She smiled and then grabbed a bottle of my father's aftershave. I had never used the stuff. She dabbed some in her hands and then rubbed it on my face. I blinked at the burning, but it faded quickly. I smelled spicy. A masculine scent.

Mmm, that's good, she said and grabbed a comb and attacked my brown hair. She hummed as she worked, drawing it back. There. I laid out your clothes on my bed. I'll be out soon. You can wait for me downstairs.

Since I was too young to drive, Mom was driving Donna and me on our date. Neither of us minded. In fact, Donna wanted to be inclusive. She believed our mothers should be involved in our dating life. And sex life. Twice now, I had a threesome with Donna and her mother, being a surrogate son for a woman who had only two daughters.

Mom had laid out a nice pair of jeans and a good shirt. As I was dressing, she called, Make sure you tuck in your shirt! Look good for Donna.

Yes, Mom, I said as I kept dressing.

I waited for her downstairs. There was still time before the date. I settled down on the couch. Dad was watching college football. The Huskies were playing the Cardinals. He glanced over at me and nodded.

First date, huh? he asked.

Yeah, I said, nervous. Looks like you're going to have the house to yourself.

He smiled. Means I can watch what I want.

You don't mind that Mom's only having sex with me, right, Dad? It was strange saying it out loud, but it felt like I had stolen her from him.

You're our son, he said. You're supposed to be having sex with your mother. It's all new to you both. I'm sure in a while, your mother will want to do things with me. Just like you want to do things with that girl you're dating. Denise.

Donna, I said, smiling. Donna was such a hot girl. She's great, Dad. Just amazing.

That's why you're dating her. He nodded to me then turned back to the game. God, this new kid quarterbacking is a pansy. Come on, son! Throw the damn ball. Don't let them He threw his arms up in the air in disgust as the Huskies' quarterback was sacked, losing fifteen yards. It was 3rd and Long.

Mom came down in a red dress not long after. It had an airy skirt and no sleeves, her large breasts shown off by a plunging V-neck. I swallowed at the sight of her, a rush of blood engorging my cock. I shifted in my jeans as she swept around the couch.

Well, boys, how do I look? she asked like she was the one going out on the date. 

Great, honey, Dad said, glancing at her from the game. New dress.

It's a special occasion, Mom purred, raising her phone to snap a picture of me. Jason's first date. He's growing up into such a man. 

Thanks, Mom, I groaned. You look gorgeous. Just... Damn.

Gorgeous, huh? she asked and bent over. Her hand cupped my hardon through my jeans while her large breasts swayed before my face, seeming about to fall out of her dress. She squeezed me. Massaged me. I groaned at the touch. Mmm, how does that feel?

That feels amazing, I groaned as she massaged me. Fuck.

She unsnapped my fly and drew down my zipper with practiced ease. She reached through the front slit of my boxers and pulled out my cock. Just one more thing before you're ready for the date. Need something to spice up your cock. Make it exciting for Donna.

Mom straddled me, her skirt rustling. She kept a firm grip on my cock as she lowered herself. I shuddered, her curly mass of brown hair spilling about her face. Her green eyes sparkled. The silk of her bush brushed the crown of my dick. I shuddered as those hairs caressed me moments before her wet vulva kissed the tip.

I groaned as her pussy lips slid over the crown of my cock. Her silky and hot labia engulfed my crown. She moaned, her face contorting as the hot delight of her twat sank lower and lower down my cock. My hands balled into fists as more and more of my dick vanished into her snatch. 

Yes! I grunted as Mom bottomed out on me. Oh, Damn, Mama, that's amazing. You have the best pussy in the world. My hands grabbed her ass. Just amazing.

Better than Donna's? she asked as she slid up my cock, squeezing her twat around my shaft. Pleasure shot down me. Huh?

I hesitated. She's a close, close second, Mama, but how can any girl compare to your pussy! You brought me into this world, Mama!

Good answer, son, Dad grunted from the chair, his eyes on the game.

She beamed at me as she slammed her cunt down my dick, her hands cupping my shaved cheeks. I groaned at the silky embrace of her pussy. She squeezed about me as she slid back up, the friction intense. The ache built at the tip of my cock. I groaned, loving what she did to me.

She rode me in her new dress. Her boobs bounced beneath the red fabric, threatening to pop out but never quite making it. Her pussy massaged me. My fingers kneaded her ass through her skirt, the pressure building and building at the tip of my cock.

I groaned, rising towards that moment of eruption. I would explode in her. Pump my mother's pussy full of my cum. I wanted to breed her. We had been fucking so much for the last week. I had to be getting close to putting a baby in her. 

She worked her cunt up and down my cock faster and faster. Her pussy gripped me. Massaged me. I groaned, my face contorting from the bliss. Her boobs jiggled and bounced. I stared at them heaving, loving the plunging neckline.

Yes, yes, yes, moaned Mom. Ooh, Jason. Oh, yes, yes, your cock... Your cock feels so good in my pussy. Mmm, you're going to breed me. You're going to put your son or daughter in me.

God, yes, Mama! My face contorted. I'll flood you with all my seed. I'll plant a baby in your womb!

She slammed her cunt down my dick. I shuddered, savoring how great her pussy felt. The pressure at the tip of my dick swelled. My balls tightened. They brimmed with such pressure. I would have a big orgasm. A mighty explosion of cum. I would flood her. Spurt everything that I had into her. 

The incestuous thrill of my mom's pussy sliding up and down my cock swelled in my nuts. I dug my fingers into her rump as she rode me faster. Her curly, brown hair danced around her lush and mature face. Her pussy grew hotter and hotter.

Cum on my dick, Mama! I groaned. Please, please, cum on my dick. I want to flood you with everything that I have!

Yes! she gasped and impaled herself down my cock. Her pussy engulfed me. She took every inch of my dick in her. Her twat went wild around my cock.

I shuddered as her pussy suckled at my dick. Her red dress rustled around her body as she bucked on me. Her cunt writhed around my cock, massaging the spongy tip. The pressure swelled at the tip and then burst.

I erupted.

My cum fired into her climaxing snatch. I pumped blast after blast of jizz into her twat. The pleasure shot through me. It was incredible. I groaned, the rush of bliss shooting through me. I splattered her twat with my cum. I pumped spurt after spurt of spunk into her spasming twat. 

It was amazing to flood my mother's fertile womb with my incestuous seed.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped. 

Oh, my god, that's so good. That's wonderful! Her pussy spasmed harder around my dick. She milked me. Jason! Jason! I love you!

Mama! I cried, spurting more and more of my jizz into her pussy.

I groaned as her cunt suckled me dry. She worked out the jizz I had ready in my balls. I emptied them in her. I groaned, my heart pounding. Heat buzzed through my veins. I sucked in deep breaths as she whimpered and swayed, her curly hair dancing around her face.

Mmm, now you're ready for your first date, Mom purred, grabbing her phone and snapping a shot of my flushed faced, her pussy still impaled on my dick. She smiled and slid off me, her twat caressing my cock. I shuddered as she stepped off the couch, my wet cock waving.

She took another photo, a big smile on her face. I could tell she was posting it on Facebook. Mother/son incest was A-OK. Not any other type of porn, but this was family friendly in this new, insane world that magical belt buckle had created.

I put my cock away and zipped up. After standing, I offered my mother my arm, said goodbye to Dad, and we headed out the door. Mom drove us in her SUV to Gem Heights, the richer neighborhood that Donna lived in. We soon pulled up at her house. Mom gave me a final look over.

Mmm, you're so handsome, she cooed. She'll love you.

Thanks, I said. I was a little nervous even though Donna and I had made love before. This was so different. I rubbed my sweaty hands on my jeans on the way to the door. I rang the bell.

Donna's dad opened the door with a welcoming smile. Then Donna's mother, Mrs. Lemon appeared. She had brassy-brown hair that spilled about her face and cooed at the sight of me, cupping my face and giving me a very welcoming kiss.

Mmm, Donna's almost ready, the MILF purred, this wicked gleam in her eyes. We can

I'm ready! Donna shouted and hurried down the stairs. 

A disappointed look flashed across Mrs. Lemon's face. I had a feeling she would have offered to pass the time riding my cock, too, but her daughter was floating to me so, being a good mother, Mrs. Lemon stepped back.

Donna was breathtaking in a cute, pleated skirt that fell to her mid-thigh and a matching black blouse that had a deep scoop to the neckline. Her round breasts were shown off nicely in it. A floral scent filled the air around her.

You look gorgeous, Donna, I said, my heart racing. My throat so tight.

Oh, aren't you sweet, Donna said. Mmm, and you look like a stud, Jason. She cupped my face. Your mom helped?

Yeah, I said, not even all that embarrassed.

Donna grinned then planted a quick, hot kiss on my lips before she turned and gave her father a quick hug and her mother another hot kiss. Watching the MILF and her daughter come together sent a throb up my cock. Their tongues even flashed. They had gotten a lot closer.

Goodbyes over, Donna grabbed my arm. We turned to find my mom filming us from the walkway. I smiled at her. Mom had such a huge grin on her lips. She looked so proud as I escorted Donna from the house to the SUV, Mom stepping off onto the grass to let us pass.

I love your skirt, Donna, Mom called. And your top. Very nice.

You look great, Mrs. Reynolds, Donna called as I helped her into the back of the SUV where we would be sitting. Mom was our chauffeur. Just so sexy. I bet Jason loved your dress.

He loved it so much, he got so hard, I had to ride him before we came over, Mom said, climbing into the driver seat. I have a pussy full of his appreciation for my new dress.

Good, Donna said as she snuggled up against me. I'm glad he's still being a good son.

The best, Mom purred.

I couldn't help but beam with pride. I was so glad to be the best son in the world. She was the greatest Mom. So it was actually pretty easy to be this amazing. 

Mom drove us to the movie theater where a romcom was playing. It seemed like a good choice. We parked and I found myself escorting two gorgeous women to the door, fifteen-year-old Donna on my left arm, and my forty-year-old mom on the other. I couldn't help but smile at how lucky I was to have them both with me on my date.

I paid, of course, and then winced as the concession stands wiped out my allowance. I had even been given a bonus by Dad for the date. But we had drinks and snacks and headed into the theater for the movie to start.

We sat in the back row, chatting as we waited for the movies. Mom and Donna were speaking around me, both of them talking about me in a very frank manner. Mom was praising my cock while Donna nodded her head, a big and eager smile on her lips.

He was so much bigger than I thought he would be, Donna whispered. I mean... He doesn't look like a guy who's packing a big dong, but your son is hung, Mrs. Reynolds.

I know, Mom cooed, her hand resting on my thigh. She idly stroked me as the blood engorged my dick. He doesn't get it from his father, I can tell you that much. When I first had him in me, he stretched me out. It was amazing.

I bet, Donna purred. Oh, you're so lucky to have a son that can return to your pussy and fill you up. I want to have at least two boys.

Want a dick in all your holes? asked Mom. Your husband and your two sons all plugging you up.

That does sound hot, purred Donna, her hand stroking my other thigh. I think your son's up to the challenge.

Husband? I spluttered.

You're not going to do the right thing if you knock up Donna? asked Mom. I thought I raised you better than that.

I might have knocked up her mom, Mrs. Best, Mrs. Donovan, and Principal Shaver, I groaned.

Oh, they're all married, Mom said, waving her hand. I don't expect you to marry me, and I plan on having your children, honey.

My dick twitched and throbbed. I mean... If you want me to, Mama, I said, wanting to make her happy. I'll do the right thing.

She winked at me. See, when sons listen to their mothers, they have happy lives.

Mmm, they do, Donna said, snuggling up closer to me. I know you'll listen to your mother, Jason. You're such a good son. She nuzzled into my ear. That makes you so hot.

I turned to face her as she said that. Her green eyes gleamed with delight. Her red hair fell about her face. She licked her lips in this inviting way. Mom's hand slid up to cup my cock through my jeans as I felt the magnetic pull to Donna's lips.

I leaned over and kissed her. My mouth melted on hers. She groaned, her lips so wonderful against mine. My eyes closed. Her lips were soft and warm. They felt so wonderful on me. I shuddered as Mom kept squeezing my cock. She groped me through my jeans while my tongue thrust into Donna's mouth, meeting hers.

She tasted so sweet. So wonderful. She smelled so intoxicating. That flowery perfume filled my nose. I groaned into the kiss, Mom massaging my cock. She kneaded me, making me throb more and more. The movie was starting, but I hardly cared. 

SNAP!

The sound of my fly popping open seemed to echo through the theater. My zipper rasped down. Mom was going for it. I groaned, kissing Donna harder. She whimpered, her hand squeezing my thigh through my jeans.

Mom's hand reached through my open fly. Once more, she pulled my cock out through my fly. Only this time, I was sticky with her pussy juices. She claimed she anointed me with her cunt cream for Donna to enjoy, but it looked like Mom was going in for her own taste.

She ducked her head down, the chair creaking. Her warm breath washed over the crown of my cock. My dick throbbed in her hand. I kissed Donna even harder. Mom kissed the tip of my dick. Her warm lips nibbled on the crown. A shudder ran through me.

I broke the kiss to groan, Mom!

Oh, Mrs. Reynolds, purred Donna. Mmm, you're so bold. I love it.

I just can't resist his cock, Mom purred. I promise I won't hog him, but...

Mother's prerogative? asked my date as Mom's lips slid over the crown of my cock. 

My back arched into the chair. I groaned, staring at the theater. It was packed more towards the front, but there were people in the row before us. I tried not to make too much noise as Mom bobbed her head. She worked her lips up and down my cock. 

My face twisted from the delight of my mother's blowjob. She suckled with passion, her tongue dancing around my cock. She moaned, the passion humming around the tip. I grabbed a fistful of her curly, brown hair, gripping her as she bobbed her head faster.

Damn, I groaned, savoring the delight. Damn, Mom, that's good.

Mmm, I bet it is, cooed my date. Donna grabbed my hand. Makes me wet. Want to help a girl out?

Yes, I groaned as she pulled my hand down to her thighs. 

She pressed me up beneath her skirt. The silkiness of her thighs rubbed on my hand. She shoved me higher and higher. My dick throbbed in my mother's mouth as Donna brought me to her shaved pussy. She pressed me right against her wet folds. Like Mom, Donna had forgotten her panties.

She cooed in delight as she rubbed my fingers up and down her slit. I found her clit. I rubbed it with my thumb. She groaned softly and pressed my digits into her pussy. Her hot flesh engulfed my fingers. So tight and wet. Teenage cunt that was hungry for my dick.

I couldn't wait to be in her. I would revel in sliding into her twat. It would be incredible to slide into her pussy at every chance I had. I would revel in it. Savor it. A big smile spread on my lips as she worked my digits in deep.

She rested her head on my shoulder, watching the movie as I fingered her juicy cunt. At the same time, Mom bobbed her head up and down my cock. She nursed, my balls twitching at the pressure. She felt incredible nursing on my dick. The suction built and built the ache at the tip.

Fuck, I sighed.

Mmm, is your mother's blowjob amazing? she asked softly.

God, yes, I groaned. And your pussy feels awesome about my fingers.

She giggled. Mmm, your dick will love it even more.

I rubbed at her clit and groaned my agreement. I leaned back, my eyes squeezing shut. I couldn't focus on the comedy. It was introducing the two unlikely pair. My toes curled in my shoes, Mom sucking so hard. I matched her passion, burying my fingers just as hard into my girlfriend's pussy. I plunged them in deep.

She rubbed her cheek into my shoulder, her thighs squeezing about my hand, trapping me there. Not that I wanted to pull my fingers out of her juicy cunt. Her hot flesh felt amazing about my digits. I reveled in soaking my fingers in my cunt while my thumb massaged her clit.

I circled her bud. I caressed that naughty, little spot with my fingers. She gasped and moaned, sounding so wicked. I loved the sound she made. She rubbed her cheek into my shoulder as I fingered her deep and hard, thrusting into her juicy depths and churning her up.

Fuck, she moaned. Oh, Jason, you're going to make me cum.

Good, I groaned, my face contorting with the delight of my mother's sucking mouth. 

Are you going to flood your mother's mouth with your cum? she cooed.

Of course, I panted. I love flooding her mouth. I love spurting my cum into all her holes. I'm going to drown her.

Good, she moaned. Drown your mother. Give her every drop of your cum you can. I want you to flood her.

God, yes, I groaned, my dick twitching and throbbing. Fuck, that's good. I love what your mouth is doing to me, Mom.

She moaned around my cock. She suckled with such passion. She nursed on me with everything that she had. I groaned, my dick twitching in her mouth. My face contorted with the delight of this moment. My heart pounded in my chest as she suckled on my dick. She nursed on me with passion, bobbing up and down. The pressure swelled at the tip.

I hurtled closer and closer to cumming in her mouth. I rubbed harder at Donna's clit. She whimpered, her cunt clamping down on my digits. I thrust my fingers deep into her as Mom slid her mouth up my cock, sucking hard the entire time. My balls tightened.

Fuck, I whispered, the pressure about to burst at the tip of my cock.

Mom's tongue danced around my spongy crown. The pleasure shot down my shaft to my nuts. My cum burst into a froth. My jizz shot up my shaft and exploded out the tip of my cock. I basted my mother's mouth with my cum.

I groaned, rubbing fast on Donna's clit. Stars burst across the theater. They twinkled. My chair creaked as I pumped more and more of my cum into my mother's mouth. My fingers jabbed deep into Donna's cunt. She whimpered.

Jason! she gasped.

Her pussy went wild around my fingers. Her cunt writhed and convulsed around my digits. I savored the feeling as my cum pumped into my mother's hungry mouth. The pleasure shot through me with each blast. I groaned as I hit the peak, emptying the last of my spunk into my mother's mouth.

Donna trembled beside me, her pussy still writhing around my fingers. I loved the sounds she made as she trembled through her orgasm. She nuzzled her lips into my neck, kissing at me as her orgasm burned through her.

Oh, Jason, she panted, her orgasm dying down. Her pussy's spasms slowed then stopped. Oh, that was wonderful, Jason.

Mom slid her mouth off my cock. She sat up and leaned over me. Donna noticed and understood. Right before my eyes, my girlfriend and my mother kissed. Mom thrust her tongue out coated in my cum. They snowballed it back and forth.

I groaned at the sight, my blood boiling. My heart pumped heat that screamed through my body. I watched the sight, stunned. It was so hot to witness them trading my cum back and forth. My dick twitched, wet with Mom's saliva.

Damn, I breathed. Goddamn, you two are so hot.

They kept kissing but something had changed about the character of it. The way they worked their lips and tongues together had taken on something almost... prideful. Pleased. They were happy that I loved the sight of them sharing my cum.

That is one of the sexiest sights a young man can see. Damn, that is amazing. I sucked in deep breaths. Just fucking awesome.

They broke the kiss and grinned at me. Mom licked her lips while Donna just winked at me. 

They both leaned back, my cock still out and fingers still in Donna's cunt. I slid my digits out of her twat. They gleamed with her passion. The spicy aroma of her twat filled my nose. I brought my digits to my mouth to suck them clean, but my mother grabbed my wrist first.

I didn't fight her as she pulled my fingers to her mouth and sucked on them. She tasted Donna's juices. Mom groaned. The purring sound was so delectable to hear. My dick throbbed as Mom swept her tongue around my digits, cleaning them.

I think she likes my pussy, purred Donna.

I know I do, I said, smiling at her. It's a delicious pussy.

She grinned at me. She looked around the theater. Then she did something wild. She tugged down on her top so her breasts spilled out. They were round and perky. She pulled my hand from my mother's lips and brought it to her tit. I smeared mom's saliva on her boob.

Then I ducked down and suckled one of her nipples into my mouth. I nursed on her. She whimpered. Mom grabbed my cock, stroking up and down it. I shuddered and groaned around the nipple in my mouth. 

Mmm, that's so hot, Mom purred. You're just nursing on her. Your dick is so hard, too.

I bet, moaned Donna. You're stroking him and he's sucking on my nipple.

Mom giggled. I like how you think, Donna. Mmm, your pussy must be so wet. I know he made you cum, but his fingers just aren't the same as his cock.

No, they're not. My girlfriend shuddered. You're not suggesting I enjoy him right here, right now. Someone might notice.

And? Mom asked. You're on a date with my son chaperoned with his mother. M.I.L.F.S. literature is quite clear that it is just as acceptable for you to have sex with my son, under my supervision, as it is for me. That's why you pulled out your tits.

I might be an exhibitionist, Donna purred. I am a cheerleader.

Well, show off as you ride my son's big, thick dick that you love so much, cooed Mom.

I nursed hard on my girlfriend's nipple while thinking, Damn, I have the best Mom ever!

Donna moved. She shifted in her seat before she straddled me. I moved my head, keeping my mouth on her nipple. I suckled on her as she straddled me, her pleated skirt rustling. Her legs just fit around me, the seat wide enough. 

Mom kept a hold of my cock as Donna lowered herself to me. I groaned as my girlfriend's pussy made contact with my dick. I loved the feel of her hot, wet, shaved flesh. Her bald vulva caressed the tip, sending delight down to me. 

Then her pussy lips spread over the tip. She slid her cunt down my cock. I groaned, savoring the feel of her impaling her snatch. It was incredible. I groaned, my face twisting from the delight of her pussy engulfing my cock. I groaned as inch after inch of her pussy devoured my cock. She swallowed me, Mom pulling her hand clear.

As she bottomed out on me, I grabbed her ass beneath her skirt. I kneaded her naked rump and kept suckling on her nipple. She slid her cunt up my cock, her head arching. She let out just the softest sigh and then impaled back down me.

Oh, my god, she groaned, too loud.

Hey, shhhh, the guy in the front hissed. Then he gasped. What the fuck? Are you...?

Shhh, she's riding my son's cock, Mom purred. I'll make sure they keep it down. Go back to watching your movie.

Your son... The guy's outrage melted from his voice. Oh, okay. I get it. Just... You know...

They'll keep it down, Mom promised.

It was hard to do. Luckily, I had a nipple to moan around as Donna worked her pussy up and down my cock. Her tight and juicy snatch gripped me. It was incredible feeling her twat riding my cock. She felt incredible. I shuddered, savoring the way she held me. 

She worked her pussy faster and faster. I shuddered, loving the feel of her twat. It was fantastic to enjoy. My face twisted with rapture. The pressure in my nuts built and built me towards this wonderful moment of explosion. I would spurt all my jizz into her.

Just pump her full of all my spunk.

So good, whimpered Donna. You're so huge. Oh, Mrs. Reynolds, your son is so huge.

I know, Mom purred. Mmm, just keep it down.

Donna nodded as she slammed her pussy down my cock. 

I suckled hard on her nipple while my fingers gripped her rump. Her butt-cheeks flexed beneath my digits. I loved the feel as she rode me. Her cunt suckled at me, bringing me closer and closer to erupting. Closer and closer to flooding her with all the cum I had in my nuts. I groaned, my face contorting with the bliss of this moment.

I nursed on her nipple as her cunt massage the tip of my cock. The pressure swelled. My fingers dug into her rump. I felt the edge of her butt-crack. I couldn't resist sliding the fingers of my right hand and into her crevice and sliding down and down to reach her asshole.

I teased her. Loved her. I caressed her asshole with my digit. I massaged her sphincter. She gasped, her pussy squeezing down on my cunt. I popped my mouth off her nipple and grinned at her. Her green eyes smoldered.

Do it, she moaned and kissed me.

She thrust her tongue into my mouth as I thrust my middle finger against her rectum. Her anal ring widened and parted. I popped into her bowels. I sank into her velvety depths as she impaled her cunt down my cock. Her tongue danced with mine.

You two are so beautiful together, purred Mom. I felt her eyes on me. She was watching us with such hunger. Just gorgeous.

I was glad she thought so. I loved kissing Donna as she rode my cock. My finger worked in and out of her asshole as she slid her cunt up and down my cock. Her silky snatch massaged my cock, the friction swelling the ache at the tip.

Our tongues danced even faster. She moaned as she slammed her pussy down my cock then whimpered as she slid back up it. Her asshole clung to my finger as I pumped it in and out of her bowels. She loved it.

Mom leaned in and nuzzled into my ear. Mmm, how is her pussy?

I broke the kiss to turn my head, staring into my mom's gorgeous eyes. Tight and hot.

His cock is amazing, Mrs. Reynolds, added my girlfriend, her silky snatch sliding up my shaft. Just so amazing.

As she slammed her twat down my cock, Mom purred, Wonderful.

She kissed me. My mom's lips melted to my lips. I groaned, kissing her back with hunger. It was hot making out with her as Donna rode me. I grabbed my mom's thigh with my left hand, my finger plunging deep and hard into the girl's asshole. 

My date moaned, her boobs jiggling out of the corner of my eye. My tongue danced with Mom's. She kissed me with such aggression. I savored the feel of her hot lips on mine, my orgasm building and building in my nuts. 

Mom broke the kiss, turned her head, and suckled one of Donna's nipples into her mouth. The girl gasped, her pussy clamping down on my cock as she slid up me. I savored that silky glide, her other boob quivering. I leaned in and engulfed her other nub.

Yes, whimpered Donna as Mom and I nursed at the girl's nub. Oh, you two are going to make me explode. Oh, yes, yes.

Shhh, the man hissed while Donna impaled her cunt down my cock. Her silky and hot sheath engulfed every inch of my dick. 

Sorry, gasped Donna as she slid back up me. I'm almost there. I have a mother and her son sucking on my nipples. This is so hot. I... I... She slapped a hand over her mouth, impaled her cunt down my dick, and squealed.

Her pussy went wild around my cock.

I groaned around her nipple, nursing on her nub. Mom suckled on the other while Donna's cunt rippled around my dick. Her snatch massaged me. My balls tightened. My eyes squeezed shut. I jabbed my digit deep into her convulsing asshole. The pressure burst at the tip of my cock.

I fired blast after blast of cum into her twat. I unloaded again and again into her. I fired over and over, the stars bursting across my vision. I nursed hard on her nipple. I suckled on her, loving the feel of her in my mouth as I spurted my spunk into her snatch.

She groaned into her hand.

Mom popped her mouth off Donna's nipple and whispered into my ear, Are you spurting all your jizz into her, Jason? Are you flooding her pussy with your cum.

I ripped my mouth off Donna's other nub to groan, Yes, Mama! Flooding her!

I kissed my mother again as I pumped the last of my cum into Donna's spasming pussy. My body shuddered from the rapture. I groaned into Mom's lips as my entire body buzzed with the delight. She panted, lowering her hand from her mouth, swaying. 

Oh, that was amazing, she purred. Oh, Jason, you flooded me with so much cum.

Mom broke the kiss and purred, I bet. I have to taste it. She stood up and grabbed Donna's hand. Come on. I have to lick that pussy clean of my good boy's cum.

I shuddered as Donna slid off my cock. She stumbled for a moment then gasped as Mom dragged her down the aisle. I rose, struggling to shove my cock back into my jeans as I hurried after. I held my wet and throbbing cock in my hands. Mom rushed out of the theater and into the lobby. It was empty, mostly. Every screen must be playing. She headed straight for the Ladies' Room. 

I followed them in, their skirts rustling. Mom's red one fluttered around her calves while Donna's much shorter swayed about her thighs. Mom shoved open the last stall door, the handicap one, and pulled Donna in after.

I slipped in and closed the door, locking it. I shuddered as Mom shoved Donna down on the toilet then knelt before her. Mom's rump wiggled at me as she shoved up Donna's skirt. My girlfriend spread her legs wide.

Eat me out, Mrs. Reynolds, she moaned. Just get in there and lick out all your son's cum. Ooh, that'll be so hot!

Yes, it will, my mother moaned. Ooh, I love licking his cum out of other women's pussies.

I've only gotten to enjoy him out of my mom's pussy, Donna purred, her green eyes flashing to me. Her tits were still out. Perky and delicious. It was so amazing tasting them both mixed.

So amazing, Mom groaned and leaned forward.

I shuddered, my wet dick throbbing as it was clear that Mom kissed at Donna's cunt. The redhead trembled, her perky boobs jiggling. Pleasure flashed across her face. A big smile spread on her lips. Then she gasped, her back arching.

Mrs. Reynolds! my girlfriend squealed. Oh, my god, that was amazing. Ooh, do that again. Lick up your sun's cum from my snatch. Mmm, I'm going to cream your face!

I stared at my mom's rump as she wiggled her hips back and forth. Her skirt rustled over her ass. I sucked on my finger fresh from Donna's asshole, tasting that sour musk. My dick was dripping in her pussy cream. Prelubed.

I fell to my knees behind my mother and hiked up her skirt. Donna watched me, a big smile on her lips. She nodded her approval as I exposed more and more of my mother's milky thighs. Then her brown bush dripping with my cum from our earlier romp. I flipped the skirt over my mom's rump. Her butt-cheeks were gorgeous.

Yes, yes, fuck your mother as she eats me out, moaned Donna. I love watching the two of you together. Ooh, it's so hot that I get to join the fun.

I winked at her and then pressed my dick into my mother's butt-crack. I slid down to the puckered hole. I loved the feeling. I savored the texture against my crown. I pressed forward, drilling into her asshole. Her anal ring parted.

Jason Mom moaned into Donna's cunt. Yes, yes, bugger me. Fuck my ass!

Yes, Mama! I groaned, her asshole widening and widening. Her velvety sphincter spread over the tip of my cock. I'll fuck your asshole so hard, Mama!

I popped into her bowels. 

She moaned into Donna's pussy. I groaned, sinking inch after inch of my cock into my mother's velvety asshole. She held me tight while feasting on the creampie I made in Donna. My girlfriend gasped and shuddered, her teenage titties jiggling. 

I bottomed out in my mother's asshole. I grabbed her boobs through her dress and drew back. She moaned into Donna's cunt. I shuddered, savoring the velvety grip of Mom's bowels squeezing about me. She held me tight, pleasure shooting to the tip.

Damn! I groaned and thrust back into her bowels, my balls smacking into her taint.

Mmm, that's good, Mom moaned. 

Mrs. Reynolds! squealed Donna. Oh, my god, yes, yes, get that tongue in me. Scoop out your son's jizz. That's so hot. Yes, yes, that feels amazing.

I loved the sounds she made. I pumped away hard and fast at Mom's asshole, reveling in the gasps and moans of Donna. Her head tossed as Mom feasted on her. I groaned, squeezing her tits, my dick plowing into her velvety bowels. Her hot flesh squeezed about my dick. 

I loved it. I pumped away harder and faster. I thrust into her bowels with everything that I had. I groaned, my face contorting with delight. I plunged over and over into her flesh. I loved the feel of her squeezing about me, building the ache in my nuts.

She moaned into Donna's pussy, licking and lapping at her. I wish I could see that tongue sliding through my girlfriend's twat. I just had to imagine it. To savor the look on her face. Donna gasped and moaned, her boobs jiggling. 

Oh, fuck! gasped Donna. Oh, my god, that's so good. Mrs. Reynolds.

Mmm, such a spicy pussy, purred Mom, her bowels clenching about my cock, the ache swelling at the tip.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, thrusting hard into her asshole. I couldn't wait to pump spurt after spurt of my cum into my mother's bowels. Just flood her with everything that I had in me. It would be amazing to unload in her.

I pumped away at my mother's asshole. I thrust hard and fast into her, my hands squeezing her tits through her dress. She moaned into Donna's pussy. The girl threw back her head. Her tits bounced as she squealed out in delight.

Mrs. Reynolds, yes! gasped Donna. Drink my pussy cream! Oh, my god! Drink it!

So good, moaned Mom, her bowels clamping down on my cock. You got such a yummy twat, Donna! Ooh, yes, yes, love it!

Donna trembled through her orgasm, her red hair flying. I kept pounding my mother's asshole. I fucked her hard and fast. I buried into her over and over again. I slammed to the hilt in her bowels, my nuts smacking her taint. She moaned, her asshole clenching down around me.

Yes, yes, yes! Mom howled. Her bowels went wild around my cock.

I groaned, savoring my mother's flesh rippling around me. I drew back my cock through her velvety sheath, savoring that hot delight spasming around me. My nuts tightened. I thrust forward, balls cracking into her taint. The tip of my dick drank in the passion of her convulsing sheath.

Shit! I groaned. Mama!

I erupted. 

I fired blast after blast of cum into my mother's bowels. My head tossed from side to side. The pleasure burned hot. I shuddered, my nuts unloading everything they had. I gripped her tits through her dress while the ecstasy slammed into my mind. 

Fuck, yes! I gasped, basting her asshole in my jizz. Mama! I love cumming in you!

Yes, yes, pump my mom full of your cum! howled Donna, her boobs jiggling. She quivered and then slumped back into the plumbing. Oh, my god, that was amazing.

I only grunted as Mom's bowels wrung my cock dry. I fired a last spurt of cum into her bowels. A dizzying blast of rapture shot through me. I groaned, swaying at the pinnacle of my pleasure. I wanted to stay up here forever, luxuriating in pumping Mom full of my cum.

But I crashed back down to earth. Mom purred, rubbing her face into Donna's shaved cunt. My girlfriend's tits rose and fell as she blinked her eyes, slowly coming back to reality. 

Donna grinned at me. That was the best date ever.

And it's not over, I told her. Still have dinner. And the movie's still playing.

Mmm, and what naughty fun can the three of us get up to? cooed Donna.

I smiled. I liked this triple dating. My girlfriend and my mom. It was perfect. Just what a mama's boy like me needed. I was glad Donna loved it. I wanted to have more of these. This new world that the belt had created was wild. 

Was paradise.

To be continued...