Hardly a Rest Area

(Mb, some Mgg, ped, bj, anal)

Another six hours to go, but I wasn't the least bit tired. I was
halfway home, but the weather was perfect so cruising on the
interstate was easy. Traffic was lighter than normal between
Tallahassee and the state line, and I applauded my decision to
travel on a weekday.

I normally would fly from Tampa to Memphis, but I wanted a change
of pace and scenery, and crusising in the convertible now made me
feel great about my decision.

I decided not to teach a summer session, so I left as soon as the
semester ended. Now I was truly enjoying some peace and quiet
after visiting with the folks for a week and a half. After the
divorce I learned to cherish solitude and a dozen hours alone in
a car is pretty much a fortress of solitude.

It's easy to daydream with the cruise control engaged, so I had
to constantly engage my mind to keep my eye on the road.

The conversion van ahead of me normally wouldn't have caught my
eye, but the constant moving of the curtains in the rear window
drew my interest. I pulled up closer behind it and watched the
fabric being twisted and pulled every which way. I assumed there
was a pet or some kind of animal back there causing a stir.

Well this was a nice diversion, I thought to myself. But at that
moment a hand appeared at the window, the palm placed flat
against the glass. I grew concerned thinking I was witnessing
something bad.

Then the hand pulled the curtain aside and a young girl's face
appeared in the window. She looked me square in the eye, smiled
and then disappeared behind the curtain.

"What the fuck?" I said out loud.

Instantly, another female face appeared at the curtain, smiled
then abruptly pulled the curtain over her face.

Kids playing I reasoned.

Then both curtains opened and both girls appeared giggling and
laughing. Well, I assumed they were laughing as I couldn't hear
them. But they looked like they were having fun, probably at my
expense.

I smiled back at them and then backed off a bit putting some
distance between the van and me.

I saw the blonde in the right window shake her head mouthing
"no," but I reasoned that with my curiosity satisfied I'd be a
bit more cautious.

Then the auburn-haired girl on the left side stuck out her tongue
and laughed. I immediately stuck my tongue out at her just by
instinct. They both laughed and fell back in the van.

The curtains parted again, and both girls started making funny
faces which soon turned into kissing actions aimed at me. Of
course, I pretended to kiss back.

Then the little blonde pretended to rub her chest closing her
eyes and hanging her head back. They both immediately broke into
laughter and disappeared again behind the fabric.

When they reappeared they were smiling but watching what I would
do. I started to rub my chest and half closed my eyes with my
mouth open. They laughed again but did not leave the window like
before.

Then the one on the left turned around and pressed her backside
against the window. I smiled and nodded my head. The little
blonde then mimicked her partner's actions, but she pulled her
shorts down showing her pink panties.

But she quickly pulled her pants up and faced the window. I
nodded my head even more vigorously and licked my lips at them.

I pulled a bit closer to the van being careful not to tailgate too
closely. Since we were the only two vehicles within a half a mile
I didn't want to draw suspicion from the van's driver. But I just
wanted to get a good look at these two and wondered how far they
would go.

The turn signal on the van grabbed my attention, and I began to
back off. The blonde had a look of concern on her face as the van
began to turn onto the exit. She looked a me and quickly pulled
her shirt up to her neck displaying just-developing breasts. The
look of shock on my face gave her the reaction she was fishing
for.

I blew both of them a big kiss as the van steered onto the off
ramp and out of sight as I passed it.

Well, that image will keep my daydreams stoked for a few hundred
miles I thought to myself. And it did. I started imagining taking
those actions to a logical and illegal conclusion where I meet
them both at a rest area and show them how to really tease.

I had driven for the better part of two hours with a throbbing
erection just thinking about those two little teasers and finally
resolved that I would have to take matters into my own hand. The
sign for the rest stop nailed the decision for me. A quick wank
in the stall and I would be satisfied and raring to go for the
remainder of the trip.

Ordinarily, I would never pay attention to the big No Security
sign, but this time I said to myself "good." There were two cars
already there in this little middle-of-nowhere place, and one was
waiting for me to pass before it pulled out. I saw an elderly
woman walk from the bathrooms back to the other car with her
waiting husband inside.

All to myself, I thought. I'll make it quick. I dashed into the
men's room and was surprised to find it relatively clean. A
couple of urinals and two stalls, all stainless steel. I slipped
into the stall next to the wall and dropped trou.

Junior sprang up before me almost panting for my hand. I was
already leaking, and I soaked my hand with precum. This
definitely won't take long because I was almost there.

The swish of the bathroom door almost made me limp and my hand
froze in mid stroke. Damn, I hate company. I was hoping he'd just
pee and leave, but my disappointment became real when I heard him
enter the next stall.

Shit, so close! Maybe if I just stroked quietly, if
that were even possible. I fingered the bloated head of my cock,
and the feelings were intense. Oh yes, this would get the job
done I figured.

"You need some help?" I heard someone whisper. The voice startled
me, and my dick slipped out of my fingers.

"Uh no, I'm ok." I stammered.

"It's OK, I don't mind, you know," came the quiet voice from the
next stall.

"No, I'm fine." I was more adamant.

"OK, it's just that your breathing sounded funny, and I didn't
know if you were ok."

I realized there was a levity to his voice as if he was making
fun of me. And was I really breathing that heavily? Shit, I
thought I was being quiet.

"I can give you a hand with that," he whispered again, this time
a little louder.

"No, thanks." I managed to mumble as I was now visibly shaken.

"I really mean it - I don't mind."

"No, look, I'm ok."

"If you just put it under the stall right here I can do it for
you," he insisted.

"Hey, look, I'm straight, ok? I don't do that."

"Well, I'm kinda straight too, and I do do that, so here..."

And I saw his hand move under the stall divide and touch my shoe.
I pulled away in fright more than anything. I was now visibly
afraid of him. What the hell am I going to do? How did I get
myself in this situation?

Damn, I let my dick get me in trouble here, and I had no idea how
to get out of it. Here this truck driver or lunatic or whatever
is going to rape me, and I'm defenseless with my pants around my
ankles.

He grabbed my leg and I yelled "Hey!"

"Ssshhh, it's ok. I wouldn't hurt you. Just let me hold it. Come
down here, and then I'll leave you alone."

His grip on my ankle wasn't that strong, and I didn't feel
powerless but I was still hesitant to get up and leave.

I can't explain why, but I hesitantly turned to face the wall and
drop to my knees. His hand immediately went from my ankle to
under my crotch, and I jumped when I felt a finger touch my butt.

His hand searched briefly and quickly found my shaft, and he
began stroking it back and forth.

Oh shit, what in the hell am I doing? I'm letting another man
jack me off. What in the shit is going on here? Now I began to
curse those two little girls for getting me into this situation.
But despite my inner protestations I never lost my erection
because, well, it felt good.

I was becoming lost in the moment with all of the feelings
bombarding me at once. I was letting this man, this strange man,
beat me off, and I was enjoying it. I started enjoying it so much
I began to moan.

As he jacked me off he began to pull on my dick to get me closer
and closer to the wall of the stall, and pretty soon my dick was
on the other side. I was sticking straight up on the other side
of the wall, and he was having his way with me.

When I felt his tongue on my glans I must have jumped a foot! I
hit my dick on the bottom of the stall, but his lips never left.

I began to pull back a bit because the feeling was so intense,
but those lips held on with a powerful suction. I could feel my
balls tighten.

During all the movement I had moved back some into my stall, and
I looked down to see his mouth covering the head of my dick. Then
I got the shock of my life. It was a kid - a young boy - who was
sucking on me.

My instinct kicked in and I pulled all the way back, and he let
out a "heyyyyy!"

"How old are you?" I demanded.

"Fourteen, why? Why does that matter? Didn't that feel good?" he
answered.

"You're crazy, kid, you're trying to get me in big trouble!" I
almost yelled.

"Sssshhhh," he countered, "my mom will hear you."

"WHAT?" I cried, "Your mom?"

"She's sick. She's in the women's bathroom. We're going back to
Mobile, but I think she ate something bad at the restaurant. This
is like the sixth time we stop, and she takes forever. So come
one, let's finish."

"Oh hell no," I told him. "You're just a kid, and I'm not having
sex with a kid!"

"Look, we're not having sex. I'm just giving you a BJ, and you
know you liked it," he said.

I did like it. My dick barely wilted, and for a brief moment I
gave it some thought, but before I could say anything I heard his
door click and open, and I figured he gave up and was leaving.

I yelped when my door suddenly sprang open and there in front of
me was a boy naked from the waist down with a rather sizable
erection bouncing in front of me.

"Get out of here!" I whispered hoarsely.

He ignored me and reached for my dick. His mouth descended on my
traitorous dick that never lost its rigidity. As if by habit he
reached behind him and fumbled for the lock, and upon finding it
he latched the door.

"All it takes is a quarter to open these stupid doors," he said
as he dropped to his knees and I heard the quarter rolling on the
floor. He inhaled the head of my cock again, and I knew it
wouldn't be long before I would fill his mouth with my cum.

Shit, I thought. I got worked up over little girls, and here I am
letting a little boy suck me off.

"Do you wanna fuck me?" he asked holding my cock in one hand as
he took a breath.

"What? No, I don't fuck kids, especially boys," I said adamantly.

"Hey, I'm not a virgin and I don't have AIDS or anything if
that's what you're worried about."

"I'm telling you I'm straight," I said. "And somebody might come
in," I bluffed.

"Nope," he said still holding and jerking my dick, "I put up the
out of order sign when I came in. Ain't nobody coming in here for
a while."

That little cunning piece of shit. He must have seen me come in
here.

He stood up in front of me barely reaching my shoulders. A good
looking kid that I would have never mistaken for gay. But here he
was jerking my erection and rubbing it on his bare stomach. Then
he bent it down and rubbed the head of my dick on his dick. Damn,
that was like electricity.

"Can I fuck you then?" he asked innocently.

"No! Nobody's fucking anybody!" I yelled.

"Look, sit down" he said pushing me back on the toilet. I fell
backwards with a thud on the toilet seat.

Almost immediately he jumped in my lap, and it happened so
quickly I was confused how he did it. But he had my dick pointing
directly at his little butthole, and his bloated cock bounced on
my shirt front.

"Please take it," he said as he started to gently bounce up and
down on my rod. I could feel something slippery on my glans, and
I worried that he had either crapped or was bleeding.

He saw the look of concern on my face and said "Vaseline. I been
playing with myself in the car while my old lady was driving.
See, I'm ready."

And with that he unceremoniously impaled himself on my dick. I
was fucking a kid and a boy at that. Shit, his butt was the
tightest thing I ever had my dick in. And I have to admit it felt
fantastic.

"Oh shit," I grunted. And I grunted again and again. Each bounce
made my erection harder, and I felt my balls churning.

Sometime in all of this my hand found his cock, and I began to
stroke it back and forth. I've never touched another male's organ
before, so there were so many firsts that happened in the last
ten minutes.

"Oh yeah, man, oh goddam," he moaned. "Oh shit, I'm about to
cum!"

And as soon as he said that I felt my dick throb once, twice and
then release. I began to empty my load into his 14-year-old
behind, and almost simultaneously his dick exploded all over the
front of my shirt.

He squealed like a kid while I grunted like a mad man. I didn't
care that he was spunking all over my clothes because I was
unloading my balls inside of him. I grabbed him by his waist and
pushed down hard as I tried to get all of my cock inside of him
as I continued to spasm. The intensity cause me to almost black
out.

Finally, we were both breathing heavy but not saying a word. I
held him against my chest as my cock wilted but never popped out.

"You have a goddam huge dick, mister," the boy panted in my ear.
I didn't know what to say.

"I gotta clean up," he said as he got off my lap, and my dick
slipped from his rectum.

"Yeah, me too," I said looking at my cum-soaked shirt. I grabbed
a wad of toilet paper and dabbed at the spunk. I heard him enter
the stall next door and rustle with his clothes.

"I live in Mobile," he said. "Are you around there? I'd like to
see you again."

"No," I answered.

"Barry, you ok?" I heard a woman's voice call from outside.

"Yeah, Mom. I'm coming. I was a little sick, too," Barry lied.

I heard his stall door open then the bathroom door.

"The sign says it's closed," I heard his mother say. Barry said
something, but I couldn't hear what he said as the two of them
walked away. I heard a car start and then drive away.

I was left alone with my pants to my ankles, my shirt soaked with
semen, and my dick dangling as if lifeless. And then I thought
about the girls in the van, and my cock jerked.

"Oh no you don't! You got me in enough trouble today as it is" I
said and got dressed and left the rest area.

Eight hours left. Could this trip be any more adventurous. I
wasn't sure I wanted to find out.

---

Read the rest of Vargas stories at
http://www.asstr.org/~Lance_Vargas/
