The Show Off Game
bypcarst©

1pt Noticed show of panty, breast, nipple, butt, tattoo

3pt Acknowledged show with reaction

5pt Commented or indirect compliment such as Nice dress

10pt Commented or direct compliment such as pretty panty or nice nips. Shoulder Tattoo not included.

All points are doubled if we are out together.

When 50pts are earned, they can be turned in for a dinner, movie, etc. All points are on the honor system and must have some reaction. You must smile and thank the viewer as well. They should be recorded for time and circumstances.

I am quite proud of Cindy, my wife. Even in her late 50's, she can turn heads when she dresses up in her miniskirts, frilly dresses, and light tops. She even has several tattoos especially a fairy riding a dolphin on her shoulder that has gotten her lots of compliments. She also has one on her ankle, breast, and above her pussy but few have seen them.

I am always excited when other men and women compliment her on her dress or the shoulder tattoo. She does love the compliments as well. On the rare occasion that she shows off something intimate while wearing a see thru blouse or flashing her panties in a short shirt, it really excites me and makes me proud of her that others want what I have. I came up with this game to encourage her to show off her body more and to gain confidence in herself.

The Spring Arts Festival was soon coming up and my wife reluctantly agreed to try the game. She wore a silk wrap top that hinted at her braless breasts and if she let the tie a bit loose would open up to show her nipple. Her skirt was a black miniskirt that was very flirty and easily rose in a breeze. Under that, she wore a very pretty lace pink g-string that shows off her butt wonderfully. We were walking a bit so she wore some nice sandals with about a 2" heel. Enough to enhance her figure but still be comfortable.

It was a beautiful spring day with just a bit of a breeze. The festival was crowded with lots of vendors showing off their wares. We walked down the rows of booths and stopped at lots of interesting displays. She did get several second glances and smiles so she started gaining some points. That made her smile so after a bit, she loosened her blouse tie just a bit so some cleavage would show. At one vendor, while looking at some rings, the artist gave her special attention and told her what a pretty blouse she had on. She ran her hand down the blouse as she smiled and thanked him. Her first 5pts!

At another shop, she found a dress she really liked. It was probably more of a beach coverup since it was quite sheer but she wanted to try it on. The guy took her to the rear of the booth where he had set up a small area behind a curtain. She went in to change and he sat outside with me to give her some privacy. After a few minutes, she opened the curtain and asked both of us what we thought. I knew she was really getting into the game since her breasts and nipples were clearly on display and even her pink g-string was quite visible. She turned around and her butt was awesome in the beach coverup. She turned back around and I saw her nipples were very hard and obviously excited. I told her she looked incredible and asked the vendor what he thought. He was staring at her body and had a glazed look in his eyes. He said she looked awesome in that but since it is designed to go over a swimsuit, it might be a bit sheer to wear without one. He did point out that he loved the tattoo on her left breast tho and that she had an incredible body. Cindy looked down at her breast, cupped it to show the tat and told him that she really liked it too. I knew that she had well earned her next 10 points!

She told us that she needed to get dressed but before we even got a chance to close the curtain, she turned and bent down to the chair to pick up her clothes. Damn her ass looked fine. She then dropped the coverup and stepped into her skirt. Putting the blouse on, she left it rather loose and open. She then handed the coverup to the salesman and said she would take it. As she went past us to exit the dressing area, she put her hand on his chest and thanked him for his help.

The rest of the afternoon went well, with several compliments coming her way and lots of second looks. She was able to flash her panties a few times while sitting down or bending over. The walking area was pretty crowded too so there were a few times that she felt hands on her ass but she just ignored them and they moved on.

At the end of the day, Cindy had gathered about 60 points so she decided she wanted to go to dinner. The bar/restaurant sat us on high stools around a small table so it gave her a bit more of a chance to open her legs and show off some more. A group of college guys was at the table next to us and got most of the benefit of her showing. She wasn't obvious about it but they definitely gave her attention when she adjusted her legs. She smiled at them and drank her beer. She had definitely enjoyed her day playing the Show Off Game.

