"Pleeeease, Roxy?" Mason was begging. "Just let me come with? You won't even know I'm there."

"The only way I won't know you're there," Roxy told him over her coffee, "Is if you fucking aren't there."

Mason collapsed on the table, head in arms. "I never get to go anywhere fun," he complained.

"Georgia," Daisy said, fingering the post-it she'd just received and frowning. "You're sure about the address on this one?"

"I'm sure," George answered, putting her planner away. Goddammit, she missed Rube when she had to field complaints.

Daisy continued to frown at the post-it. "It's just that this address," Daisy laid the post-it on the table and pointed, "Is almost the lower east side." Daisy whispered the last two words like they were scandalous.

"Get Roxy to drive you," George suggested, looking around for Kiffany. She'd woken up incredibly hungry that morning after arriving home from Korea the night before. She wanted pancakes.

Mason moaned. Roxy leaned over to see the time on Daisy's post-it. "It's still daylight that time, babydoll. You'll be fine."

"I don't want to be fine," Daisy insisted, "I want to be at least two miles north of there."

"There's a sale?" Roxy asked. "Well, why didn't you say so?" She flipped her wrist and hand down at Daisy, immitating a southern debutant. "We'll get mani's and pedi's, pop down for your reap, and be back in time for the doorbuster at Bloomie's."

"Really?" Daisy asked.

"No," Roxy told her, scowling. "If you and I are going shopping, it's not on a day either of us has to work. Way more stress than I alot myself anymore."

"Are there shoes?" Mason wanted to know. "I like shoes."

Daisy sighed dramatically and folded her hands in her lap.

"Rox," George said, when there was still no sign of their waitress, "Just drive her down. It's not like you don't have the heads up on the whole murder thing." Roxy had recently transfered to homicide, and found she could schedule her days with ease now.

"What about you?" Roxy asked. "You're not even dressed for work. Why can't you take her?"

"Yeah," Mason attempted to add, pointing a finger.

George shook her head at him, turned to Roxy. "I just got back about six hours ago. Give me a fuckin' break, okay?" She fished into her coat pocket, found her keys. "Here," she said, handed them across the table to Daisy. "Don't forget where you parked it like last time."

"You're a goddess, Georgia," Daisy said, glow returned.

George pursed her lips, but said nothing. The past two days felt like a long dream, and she needed at least one more day to adjust back to life as she knew it.

"Yes, Georgie," Mason said, clasping his hands together, "A goddess."

"Not a fucking chance in hell," George told him. And she meant that. Mason dropped his head back onto the table, and jostled everyone's drinks.

Kiffany arrived just then and frowned at Mason. "What's wrong with him?" she asked.

"He didn't get invited to a birthday party," Roxy told her sweetly.

Kiffany nodded. "That's okay, baby. You can come to my birthday party."

Mason sat up, "Yeah? When is your birthday?"

Kiffany smiled. "July 24th," she said, and motioned at their table with her pen. "You're all invited."

Mason groaned again, dropped his head backward against the seat. Roxy glared at him, then said to Kiffany, "That's really nice of you, Kiffany. We'll all be there." She kicked Mason under the table, and he squeeked.

Kiffany shook her head at him and leaned close to George, pen to order pad. "I see why he might not be on someone's guest list."

"Blueberry pancakes," George told her. "And you have no idea."

Kiffany had nodded, and was in the middle of taking Roxy's order when a shudder went through the restaurant. Roxy reached for her gun, Daisy looked around, and even Mason sat up straight.

"What the hell was that?" Daisy asked, eyes worried.

George knew, and she turned toward the door. Jung Yunho, looking amazing in black jeans and a black leather coat pulled open the door to Der Waffle Haus, and stepped inside.

A plate fell with a crash, and the restaurant fell silent. People stopped eating, stopped talking--even the cooks stopped moving around the kitchen. Kiffany's pad fell out of her hands, and she whispered, "My god."

"OH MY GOD!" Mason crowed, jumping up out of the booth and running toward the door. "It's you! It's really you!" He ran at Yunho with arms outstretched, and Yunho sidestepped quickly, catching one of Mason's arms, twisting it behind his back and slamming Mason up against the door.

The noise in the restaurant returned to normal. George got up and hurried over to Yunho. "He's usually pretty harmless," she told him, glancing at Mason.

"Did you see that, George?" Mason gushed. "That was so cool!" Yunho let him go, and Mason fell down, still grinning.

"Georgia," Yunho said with a short bow.

George smiled and reached out to hug him. "Yunho," she greeted him, "What are you doing here?"

Yunho glanced at Mason, and then motioned toward their table. "I came for the pancakes," he told her.

"Fucking bad liar," George said, but led him back to the booth.

"George!" Mason whispered loudly, following behind her. "Don't you know who this is? You can't call the Korean Michael Jackson a fucking liar!"

"The what?" Roxy asked dubiously, but she had reholstered her gun.

"Well, hello," Daisy purred, patting the bench next to her.

"Guys!" George almost yelled. "Can we not?"

Yunho laid a hand on George's shoulder. "It's alright," he told her. He turned to Kiffany, who was still there trying not to stare. "I'll have whatever George is having," he said with a beautiful smile, "Kiffany."

"Anything you want, sir," Kiffany answered, giving him a quick bow and hurrying off to the kitchen.

Yunho shrugged out of his coat and slid into the booth next to Daisy. "Jung Yunho," he said, offering her a hand.

Daisy gave him the back of her hand, and he took it, kissed it. "Daisy. Daisy Adair," she whispered.

"And you are...?" Yunho looked across the table at Roxy.

"Not buyin' the hype if you know what I mean," Roxy grumbled, arms crossed.

Yunho laughed. "Glad to hear it," he told her, holding out his hand in invitation. "Always nice to meet another dancer."

Roxy looked at George, then slowly reached out to shake Yunho's hand. "I'm Roxy," she said, still a little suspicious.

"Yunho," he answered, squeezing her fingers before letting go.

"Nice to meet you," Roxy told him. George thought she might actually mean it.

"Me next!" Mason said, sliding into the booth with Yunho. He held out his hand. "Mason," he said, "And you're U-know Yunho!" he continued without pausing.

Yunho took Mason's hand. "Hi, Mason," he said. "You can just call me Yunho, eh?" Mason was staring at his hand. Yunho motioned toward the door. "Sorry about earlier." Yunho let go, and Mason held the hand Yunho had shaken by the wrist.

"I'm never going to wash again," Mason murmured.

Roxy slid out of the booth. "And how is that different from now?" She motioned to Kiffany that her order was to go. "Duty calls," she said to the table in general. She leaned in as she passed George. "And you and I are having a con-ver-sa-tion about picking up men when I see you again," she whispered.

"But I didn't--" George started.

"Uhd. Talk to the hand," Roxy said, and walked away.

George sat back down in the booth. "Well," Daisy said in her strange I-know-a-secret-voice, "I am sure there are a thousand things the two of you need to discuss." She jingled George's car keys. "Goddess," she whispered again, shooing Mason out of the booth. Yunho stood up to let her get by, and she did a little preening to show off her curves for his benefit. Daisy blew George a kiss and started for the door. "Mason!" she called, and Mason came tilting after her.

"Did you see?" Mason was saying on their way out. "My thigh touched his thigh!"

George shook her head. Sometimes her family could be utterly embarrassing. She winced at Yunho. "Sorry about that."

"The first time I met Jaejoong's sisters," Yunho said to her, licking his lips, "I was so nervous I accidently insulted three of them, called two others by the wrong names, and all this while my fly was open."

George raised an eyebrow. "You. Were nervous."

"He has eight sisters."

"You're a god."

"I am also a man in love with their baby brother."

"Jaejoong makes so much more sense now," George quipped. Yunho actually giggled. "You seem happy," she told him.

"I am," he agreed. "With much thanks to you."

George nodded. Their goodbyes had been quiet and quick. Junsu and Changmin had long passed into unconsciousness, and George had been loathe to make any of the other three drive her to the airport. She caught a taxi in the rain, found a flight home, and passed out upon take-off. Yunho had offered to shift her home, but she'd said no. She wanted the time and the space to rest and to think. And to mourn, she realized, when she was honest with herself.

The life she knew was altered once again. Years as a reaper, and just when she thought she had a handle on things, the universe up and took it away. She had a taste of something unbelievably beautiful--then was sent back to Der Waffle Haus, forever changed and empty handed.

"What happens now?" she asked, fiddling with her napkin.

"What do you want to happen?" Yunho asked.

"Don't do that," George frowned.

Yunho sat back and watched her. Waited. George squirmed a little in the booth and sighed.

"You can't just ask me that question," she started. Kiffany picked that moment to arrive with their food.

"Blueberry pancakes," she said with a smile, bringing Yunho coffee and refilling George's cup. She nodded at Yunho before she left them to it. "On the house."

Yunho raised his cup. "Thank you, Kiffany," he said, and winked at her. No comment of Rube's had ever made Kiffany smile like she was at Yunho. She nodded and walked away glowing.

"You really are the Boss," George said, sipping her coffee.

"Yes," he said, though it really wasn't a question. "I am." George nodded and picked up her fork. Yunho reached across the table and held her wrist. "And as the Boss, I'm asking you, Georgia Lass. What do you want to happen?"

George stared at him. "Lifetimes," she whispered, hand coming to rest on the table. Yunho rubbed a thumb where he held her wrist and let her go. She swallowed against the tears she hadn't allowed herself on the plane or in her bed once home. "I miss my mom," she said when she could speak again. It was such a plain fact of her life, such a staple of everyday, it sounded strange to say outloud, to acknowledge it.

Yunho nodded, and the understanding in his eyes was so full, George had to look away.

"My sister," she started, but that led down the same path. She looked up at him. "Jaejoong said something when he found out Yoochun and Junsu had chosen to keep him from going after Changmin."

"I imagine he did," Yunho said softly.

George shook her head. "After that," she said with a smile. She thought for a moment, then said in Korean, "Yunho couldn't get rid of me for all the possible futures in all the universes."

"That sounds like Jaejoong," Yunho nodded. Again, he waited.

"I want to know how he knows that," she whispered.

"I can't give you the kind of hope that Jaejoong has," Yunho told her.

"But you can tell me how it's possible."

"Georgia," he whispered. "I've been trying to show you for years."

The tears came then, angry, confused. "Why didn't I get to go on? Why am I still here watching--" her voice caught, and she put her fork down, wiped at her face. She met his eyes and asked the question that resounded in every beat of her broken, dead heart. "What did I do wrong?"

Yunho looked down. George watched his mouth twitch, watched him bite his lip. When he took a breath and looked up at her again, his eyes were full of tears, but he was smiling. "Yoochun asked me that very thing nine years ago."

"And," George asked, "What did you tell him?"

"That he needed me." George turned to see Yoochun standing next to the booth. He motioned. "Can I sit?"

George moved over, and Yoochun slid in beside her. "Hey," she said, rubbing her nose, wiping her eyes.

"Hey," he said back, and leaned in to press a gentle kiss on her temple. She still couldn't help the blush.

"Are you here to ask me what I want, too?" She busied herself with her napkin again.

"Nope," Yoochun answered, looking at Yunho. "I'm here for the coffee."

"Bunch of damn awful liars," George muttered.

Yunho handed his cup across the table to Yoochun. "He's mostly telling the truth," Yunho informed her. "It's almost midnight in Korea."

"Whatever," George said. She looked at Yoochun sipping the coffee, then back at Yunho. "Why do you need me?

"Why have you stayed here?" Yunho asked her. "You could have gone into the light if you chose."

"Maybe I'm just a coward," George offered.

"I know that's not it," Junsu said, sliding into the booth next to Yunho and bumping him over. He grinned at her, blinding and beautiful.

"Hi," George greeted him, unable to keep from smiling back. "You're better?"

"Yeah," Junsu said. He reached across and put his hand over hers. "Thank you, George. What you did was..."

Crazy? Insane? Ridiculously sexy? Even kinda fun?

"Brave," Yoochun provided.

"Brave," Junsu agreed.

"As compared to going into the pit of hell?" George couldn't help but say. "Not really."

"It took me a long time to get used to fans, press, the--"

"Forces of darkness," George suggested.

Junsu scowled. "You told me you did what you do to keep worse things from happening to people."

"I--well, yeah."

Junsu leaned in. "You and I are not all that different."

"Junsu-yah," Jaejoong said, leaning in over Yoochun's shoulder, "Believe me. You're totally different." He reached over and petted her hair. "She's a natural blonde."

George caught his hand in her hair, pulled it away from her head. "Hello, Jaejoong."

Jaejoong smiled. "Hi, George." He half-sat on Yoochun's lap. "So, are you going to take the job or move onto your new life?"

George looked around at them all. "The job? New life?"

"Jae," Yunho said, "We haven't gotten that far yet."

"She's me ten years ago," Yoochun told Jaejoong.

"Oh," Jaejoong said, biting his lip. Then, "That explains why she's mad at Junsu."

Junsu looked startled. "She is?"

"It does?" George asked.

They looked at each other, she and Junsu. "It does," Junsu said softly.

George frowned, "I'm not mad at you," she told him.

"But you are angry," Yunho pointed out.

"Where's Changmin?" George asked them, not sure she wanted to talk about it.

"He's waiting until he's invited," Yoochun murmured.

"He wants to talk to you on his own," Jaejoong shrugged.

George grumbled, "Can't imagine why."

"Because your heart is selfless," a new voice spoke up. Changmin, tall and whole, pulled a chair up to the booth. He and Yunho shared a look, and Changmin sat down and turned a steady gaze on George. "He needs you because you fight for what should happen, even if it can't or doesn't. He needs you because you have the ability to choose." The other four were quiet, focused on Changmin. "He needs you because he can't do any of this alone."

"What do you want me to do?" George asked. She looked between Changmin and Yunho. Yunho nodded to Yoochun.

Yoochun set the coffee cup down. "Think of it as an offer for promotion."

George raised an eyebrow at him. "You? You're upper management?"

"I was," Yoochun responded. He smiled. "There happens to be an opening."

"Fuck," George whispered.

"Or, you could decide you're ready for another life," Junsu told her. "That's more my area."

She looked at Junsu sharply. "YOU? You held me back?"

"I told you," Jaejoong murmured.

Junsu nodded. "But you chose to stay." He cut her off before she could say anything else. "No matter what Rube told you."

George just stared at him for a moment, remembered a night on a dark street when Betty had seen the perfect future and followed her reap into the light. Then she said, "You remind me of her."

Junsu smiled, eyes twinkling. "You'll see her again one day."

"So," Jaejoong said, all business, "That brings us back to my question."

"What if I want to just stay where I'm at?" George asked, and regetted it as soon as she did.

Yunho looked at his watch. "Daisy and Mason have an appointment in less than an hour. Roxy has a birthday party to go to." He smiled. "It will turn out to be hers as well."

George stared at him, fought the urge to jump up and run out the door. Fought the tears, fought the hurt and anger and pain at once again losing the life she'd known without warning.

"You could have told me!" George shouted at him. "You could have given me a chance to say goodbye! You could have--"

"George," Yoochun whispered, putting his arm around her, taking her hand and uncurling the fist she was making. "George," he said again, lips finding her ear. "This is the choice we make every moment of every day." She closed her eyes tight, and he held on. "You have to believe," he said very softly. "This is never the end." And then he was gone.

George swallowed and opened her eyes to see not Yunho sitting across from her, but Changmin sliding into his empty seat. Yoochun, Jaejoong and Junsu were nowhere to be seen.

"Fucking bastards!" George growled. Changmin said nothing, but nodded and started to eat Yunho's pancakes.

"And why are you still here?" she asked him. "You going to disappear on me too when I need to understand?"

Changmin thought about it. "What do you need to understand?" he asked.

"Fuck!" George tossed at him. "Fucking everything!

"Like...?"

"Like what's keeping me from going after my crew and stopping them from..." She trailed off. Stopping them from moving on, she'd almost said.

"If you want to be there when it happens, no one's going to stop you," Changmin said between bites. "But you can't change what they're going to choose either way."

"Maybe they won't," George muttered. Changmin stopped eating and gave her a look.

"How long have you known them?" he asked gently. "How long have you watched them suffer and grow and fall and try again? Would you begrudge them their futures because you're afraid of yours?"

It made her quiet. "I hate the helplessness," George said at last. "I hate that I have no control over what happens to me."

Changmin downed a glass of water sitting on the table. George wasn't even sure whose it had been. He licked his lips and George caught a glimpse of teeth. "No one truly has control over the changes that come," he told her, "But you're being given a choice. You have control over what happens next." He smiled at her. "Fight for what you want. And if you have other ideas, make them listen."

"Oh yes," George grumbled. "So easy to do when they can just up and disappear on you."

Changmin grinned. "So find a way," he suggested. "They haven't always been gods. Yunho was just a man when I first met him."

That got her attention. "YOU are older than Yunho?"

Changmin laughed. "How old are any of us?" George knew he was talking about the soul.

She sighed. "How long do I have to make up my mind?"

He sat back and folded his hands on his lap. "You've got me all day."

"Great," George sighed, "A day to pick a future." She picked up her fork, still feeling overwhelmed.

"You know," Changmin said, meeting her eyes, "There is no wrong choice."

George thought about that as she started in on her pancakes. Either way, she'd have to change, to grow and move forward. She wondered how many lifetimes she'd spent getting to this place. How many times she'd had to choose before. She finished her food, and Changmin let her eat in silence. When she was done she spent a moment looking around, remembering.

"I'm never coming back here, am I?" she asked Changmin. He got up and held out her coat for her.

"That too will be your choice," he told her as they headed for the door.

It was a bright day outside, sun shining hard to lift the chill. They fell into an easy gait together, even with how much taller he was than her.

"What would you choose?" George asked him after a couple of blocks.

"I choose it every day," he answered her. "I stay with Yunho until there is a need for me elsewhere."

"But you love Jaejoong," she mused.

He smiled, and she could hear it in his voice. "I love them all," he told her.

"But in the pit--" she started and stopped, suddenly unsure of his reaction to her knowledge of what had happened to him.

"His name set me free," Changmin finished.

"Yeah," she whispered.

"Jaejoong holds a part of my soul," he explained with a smile. "It's a dragon thing."

"Oh," she said. And they walked a little further without talking. "So this job," she said at last, feeling how clearly he was waiting on her for any conversation. "What exactly would it entail?"

"The first thing you need to understand," he began, looking up at the sky, "It that we are all made of stars..."

THE END