Bad Girls get a Spanking
by JustD©


It was Friday on a gorgeous day. The week was finally over! Our son was sleeping 
over a friend's house so I was anxious to get home. The commute is about an hour 
so I was pleased when traffic was moving right along. You will find that when 
you have a long commute and you have the windows down and the radio on, that 
your mind begins to drift. Mine certainly did on this fine afternoon.

+++++++

I turned the radio down and rolled the windows up so that I could hear her while 
I was on my cell phone. "Hey babe, I was just thinking about you and thought I'd 
give you a buzz!"

"Oh really?" she replied. "What exactly were you thinking ABOUT me?"

"Shit! Am I that easy to read?" I thought. I could actually hear her heart race 
in the phone. "I was thinking that since we have a night alone, that we could 
have a little fun?"

"What KIND of fun?" she asked.

See. Now she is toying with me. She wants me to spell it out for her. It was 
becoming a little obvious that she wanted to play as well. "You'll see" I replied. "I'll be home in 20 minutes. I expect to find you tied to the bed. The only thing you should be wearing is a blindfold. And you had better be ready if you know what I mean."

"And what if I'm not?"

There she goes again with the toying. "Bad girls get a spanking." I said and 
then I hung up quickly.

+++++++

I pulled my car into the driveway with a raging hard-on, almost exactly 20 
minutes later like I told her on the phone. The anticipation ate at me as I 
wondered if she indeed is lying on our bed awaiting my arrival like instructed. 
"Hi honey I'm home" I announced as I shoved my briefcase in the corner and 
headed for the stairs. Listening carefully I heard nothing to give away her 
location so I simply continued toward the bedroom. Each step brought me closer 
and closer to my evening of fun! As I approached, the darkness told me that the 
blinds were closed and the flicker of a candle or two glowed from the bedroom 
door. "This is good."

There she was! My absolutely beautiful wife was on our bed awaiting my arrival 
from work. I know my opinion is biased, but she is a sexy, stunning, petite 
Italian. Blonde hair, hazel eyes, 36B or C (depending), a tiny waist, a cute 
little ass, and only 5 feet tall. She had on a sheer little nightie that showed 
her assets. The light from the candle flowed over her and I felt like I was 
looking at a picture from a magazine. The red nightie on her olive skin was like 
candy to my eyes. Shadows cast in all the right spots and a glow around her made 
the picture come to life.

"You don't follow directions well." - I told her. "You are wearing far too many 
clothes and I don't see the blind fold anywhere? I also asked you to be ready. 
Have you done anything yet?"

"I was going to get started, but thought I would make it a romantic evening. Was 
I a bad girl for not listening?" she asked while grinning.

I immediately knew where this was going, and more importantly, knew where SHE 
wanted it to go. She wanted to play the bad girl, but look like the adorable wife who simply wanted a romantic evening putting the ball into my court so-to-speak. The grin was what gave her away. Man how I love her!

"Get up!" I said in a firm voice.

"But I just..."

Stopping her mid sentence, "Never mind 'I just anything'. I gave you some simple 
instructions and you chose not to follow them. I also warned you about what would happen if you did not listen. Now get up and go stand at the end of the bed while I get undressed."

She slowly slid off and walked to end of the bed. Knowing exactly what to do, 
she simply bent forward placing her hands on the mattress. You see, my wife and 
I enjoy some light bondage. We do the occasional spanking here or there, a 
blindfold now and again, and even a necktie or two for some restraint. There is 
nothing complicated, sophisticated or even remotely physically abusive about it. 
We like to walk the thin line, the tight border between a little bit of pain and 
some very enjoyable pleasure. I would never want to hurt her. A nice rosy ass - 
yes. Hurt her. No.

I was taking my time as she stood there bent over at the end of the bed, arms 
out in front, legs spread. I was lost drinking in the sweet sight of her. Men 
are such visual creatures aren't we?

Not really thinking it through ahead of time, I had to decide what to do. Should 
I begin with a spanking? Should I just take her right now, right there, as she 
leaned over invitingly? My raging hard-on was beginning to think for me and I 
didn't want that to happen or it would be over before it got started! Never really taking it far before, I decided to see how much she actually enjoyed being the submissive. A little experiment if you may.

I was fully nude now as I approached. She looked back at me with a smile and I 
couldn't help but smile back. "Shoot! How dominating of me was that?!" Oh well. 
This was all in good fun anyway. Actually, the best kind of fun.

I pulled her tiny little red panties down as a sigh escaped her lips. I rubbed 
her cute little ass cheek with my hand. Rubbing first one, and then the other. 
SMACK. It landed square in the middle of her left cheek. She pulled away for an 
instant but immediately returned pushing back against my hand as I rubbed some 
more. SMACK. That one to her right cheek. Again a soft rub. Her hips were moving 
slowly side to side encouraging my rubbing. I dipped my hand down between her 
cheeks toward her womanhood. The heat coming from between her legs was intense. 
I slowly rubbed up and down her slit testing her dampness. She pressed back 
against my hand and I could feel that she was indeed aroused. My finger slipped 
easily into her.

"Yessss." She moaned.

SMACK SMACK. One for each cheek. She was now moving her hips side to side much quicker and pushing back in rhythm as my finger slowly went in and out. She 
whined as I pulled my finger completely from her.

"Oh. Don't you worry. I have more in store for you." I warned.

I walked over to the night stand and opened the 'toy box.' Inside I found the 
nipple clips. I thought, "With her bent over like that, these should work just fine."

When I returned to the end of the bed, I noticed that her breathing had 
increased. I was surprised to see her top already pulled down below her breasts. 
She heard me getting the clips out and was obviously making it easy for me to 
put them on. I knelt down beside her and sucked a nipple into my mouth. Sucking 
hard and pulling back it came out with a pop. I pinched it with my thumb and 
forefinger, and applied the first clip.

"Aaahhhh." was all she could muster.

Doing the same to the other, the chain was now connected between the two clips 
attached at the nipples. I took a step back to again drink in the sight of her. 
The sheer nightie was now bunched up at her waist, her tits hung down with a 
chain attaching the two together, and her pink cheeks poking out behind her. She 
was swaying her hips slowly in small circles now, giving the chain a little 
motion.

Moving closer again, I gave a couple of more swift smacks to each cheek. In 
between smacks, I would slip my finger deep into her vagina and as I pulled out 
I would curl my finger and rake it across her G-Spot. Each time she would 
quickly suck air into her lungs.

"Are you ready to be a better listener?" I questioned her.

"Oh. Yes. Please. Just make cum. Please lick me. Lick me now!"

I instantly shot back at her, "I don't think so. You were the bad girl remember? 
And bad girls do not get rewarded, they get punished. Now get on your knees and 
make ME cum." I said it with a tone, but it was really just a wish that I 
vocalized. 

She did just that. She stood up, turned from the bed and knelt before me. 
Grabbing my cock in her hand she leaned in and stopped just before putting me in 
her mouth. Hesitating only a second to look up at me and grin -- and in one 
smooth motion she swallowed as much of me as she could. I'm no 12 inch porn star 
or anything, but I do have a sizeable piece of meat. 8 or more inches and fat 
enough so that her fingers could just barely circle around it in a grip. Her 
tiny little mouth compared to the size of my cock, swallowing as much of me as 
possible was pretty much impossible. But she sure as hell knew what she was 
doing! 

Sliding her tongue up and down my shaft; using her hands to stroke my length as 
she sucks; gently playing with my balls; sliding a finger up along the ridge 
toward my ass hole. Damn she's good. No -- make that fucking unbelievable. 
Beautiful AND a gives a great blow job. Totally lost in the moment, I felt only 
seconds away from shooting my hot load down her throat. I pulled out and told 
her to tip her head back and open her mouth. Grabbing my own cock in my hand I 
began to pump. She looked so sexy kneeling there waiting for my seed. Her 
nightie still all bunched up and the chain hanging down now between her tits. 
Mouth wide open.

"Cum in my mouth. Yes. Cum all over my tits." She said while her hand slid down 
between her own legs and rubbed.

That was all I needed to put me over the edge. I grunted loudly as I shot my 
load at her. Some of it landing in her mouth, most of it sliding down her cheek, 
shoulder, and chest. I kept pumping my cock and another spurt hit her chin.

"Yes. That's it. Cum on me." she said. "Oh yes!"

When I was done, I looked at her there at my feet. She was scooping my cum from her chin with her finger and sucking it into her mouth. A very sexy smirk came 
across her face. She knew she was really the one in control. She could "make" me 
do anything. I had to play along though.

"Get up and go clean up. We are not done here yet." I ordered.

She headed into the bathroom and grabbed a towel which she used to wipe her 
shoulder and chest off, being careful not to dislodge the clips from her nipples 
which were getting a bit sore by this point.

When she returned I was sitting on the edge of our bed. She approached me slowly 
and I held out my hand. She took my hand in hers and neared me with caution. My 
head was at the perfect level to suck one of her nipples into my mouth. It was 
so tender and sensitive and she immediately gasped. I gently used my tongue on 
each nipple. I reached down to run my hand along the inside of her leg. Her own 
juices were actually dripping down her thighs. When I reached her pussy and 
slipped in a finger she sucked her breath in sharply. Leaning down toward me we 
kissed. Hot. Passionately. Like teenagers in heat our tongues danced. I reached 
between us and undid the clips from her tender nipples. She cried out in pain 
into my kissing mouth as the blood quickly returned to them. We broke apart and 
I lightly licked each nipple encouraging the blood flow. She tipped her head 
back with her eyes closed as they stood at attention and hovered on that line 
between pleasure and pain. The cooling effect of my saliva, and the returning 
blood flow eased the discomfort and soon again she was moaning as I sucked at 
her chest, fondling her breasts, and licking her nipples.

Again she started with the "Make cum. Please lick me. Lick me now!"

I chuckled. "No. Not just yet. On your knees again and make me hard once more."

Her soft, warm, fabulous tongue had me hard in no time. She slipped a finger 
between my legs and massaged my perineum. Damn she's good! I helped her up and slipped her nightie off up over her head. "Lie on the bed." and she did. She 
lifted her hands up over her head and held them together. I grabbed a necktie 
from the closet and tied them together. Then, with two other silk ties, I spread 
her legs and fastened each to the bed posts. One more tie around her eyes and 
she was complete. I was kneeling over her now looking down. Again she was a 
vision.

"This is how you wanted me to start with wasn't it? But it was much more fun 
getting here my way wasn't it?" she asked rhetorically.

"Be careful or I'll gag you as well!" I replied.

Reaching for the 'toy box' from the night stand again, I grabbed one of the two 
vibrating balls. After lubing it up I turned it on and slipped it in with ease. 
Her lips clamped down around it as she climaxed immediately.

I'm sure she thought that it was over. We had now both cum. That's just how it 
works in the married world, but not tonight. Before she knew what was going on, 
I worked my way up toward the top of the bed. After pushing a pillow under her 
head I shoved my cock in her mouth. She greedily took it in sucking. I was 
fucking her face now. In and out while she sucked on it hard. Slurping noises. 
Drool. It felt so good. Damn she is a sex machine.

I rolled off of her before I came again! I pulled the cord on the vibrating ball 
and it popped out. She was still panting when I reached over and grabbed her 
rabbit vibrator. I spread her lips and slid the rabbit up and down her slit to 
lube it up. Sliding it in until the rabbit's ears were just about to touch her 
clit. I clicked it on and pushed deeper. The ears touched her clit and she 
screamed "OH SHIT!" It took only 10 seconds for her to reach another climax. I 
saw her stomach muscles tighten and she lifted her ass from the bed while crying 
out.

As she was coming down from the orgasm, I untied her legs. I rolled her over 
onto her stomach and sat on her ass with one leg on each side and began to 
massage her back. She was like Jello. I ran my hands up and down her back, 
massaging her shoulders with her hands still tied above her head. She slowly 
relaxed and once again, I'm sure she thought that it was over. I stopped 
massaging her and lay on her back with my cock pressed between her legs.

"That was amazing." she stated.

"It sure was." I said as I thrust forward. My cock found her hole and slipped in 
with ease. Her lips were swollen, full and sensitive. Her pussy juice was 
abundant and felt so warm. I fucked her like that. And fucked her good. She was 
panting and raised her hips slightly so I could get a good angle on her. She 
managed to get her bound hands slipped underneath, and was rubbing her mound as I pounded from behind. Pushing back with each of my thrusts. The tips of her 
fingers occasionally brushing my balls while she rubbed herself -- oh how 
wonderful it felt! With a few more thrusts, I came hard. My seed spilling into 
her womb. "Now I'll lick you!"

And with that, she rolled over, pulled the tie off with her teeth from around 
her wrists, and slipped her hands under her back. I crawled between her legs and 
bent her knees. Slipping two fingers into her pussy I began to message her 
G-Spot as my tongue went to work on her clit. "OH FUUUUUCK" She came. And came. And came. 

+++++++

Just then, a tractor trailer wailed on his horn and I snapped out of it.

See. I told you that when you have a long commute and you have the windows down and the radio on, that your mind begins to drift. Mine certainly did on this 
fine afternoon.

I sure as hell know what I am doing next time my son is sleeping over a friend's 
house!!









