She rushed to class, although it didn't begin for another half hour, she just wanted to make sure that she got her usual seat in the back of the classroom. She was tall, with long dark hair that flowed to her elbows and floated behind her as she walked to her building. Her skin was mocha colored, but her cheeks were rosy from the cold biting at her, and her finger pale grasping at her messenger bag at her side. She rarely looked up, if she saw someone walking in the opposite direction she would bow her head and stare and the ground until they had passed each other by. If by chance she did happen to glance up, people were usually dazzled by her sparkling blue almond shaped eyes. However these instances were rare, as she was shy, and rarely spoke to anyone unless she needed to or if they spoke to her first. She liked going unnoticed, which was why she was usually the first to show up for class, she would sit in her corner, unseen by the students filling in as class was about to begin. She would spend the time catching her breath from all her rushing, and warming her hands, nose, and full dark pink lips against her cup of hot chocolate. After class, she would be the first to rush out, or she would wait as the classroom emptied and then slip out.
Today seemed to be just like any other day, she had bought her usual cup of hot chocolate at the student concession stand, and she was walking up the stairs, down the hall, and into her classroom when something made her tense up. Someone was already there. It was a boy in her class, she had noticed him before, and thought him very handsome. He seemed a bit odd to her though, despite the freezing cold, this boy always wore the same black hoodie with tattered jeans. He had dark blonde hair, and warm hazel eyes, which she noticed the week before when he had turned to pass her the handouts for class. She remembered how furiously she had blushed when he smiled at her that day, and she meekly smiled back. Now she walked tensely to her usual seat, unsure of why he was here so early. He sat a row up and a seat over from her spot, as he noticed her walking in he turned and smiled at her, pulling off his headphones which were blaring heavy metal music. She almost lost her step as she returned the smile and struggled to maintain composure until she was able to sit down. As she sat unbundling her jacket, she realized he had turned in his chair to talk to her, panic started to build up in her stomach, was he going to talk to her?
"So have you given any thought to the project that we're getting today?" he asked as he toyed with a lip ring that was at the left corner of his mouth.
In truth, she had tried not to think about it. She detested group projects because regardless who she got stuck with, she ended up doing a brunt of the work. However, this time was going to be especially difficult for her because she would have to find a partner on her own rather than be assigned one. "No, not really... Kind of dreading it actually," she blushed at her own honesty, not sure why she had confided that in him.
"Yea, I know what you mean," he chuckled. He had the most brilliant smile, she sat a little dazed by it, when she shot back to reality as he stuck out his hand. "My name is Robby by the way," he beamed at her.
"My name is Beth," she reached out her own slightly trembling hand. She felt surge run through her as their hands touched.
"Wow your hands are freezing, it must still be pretty bad out there. Here, let me help," he then enveloped her hand in both of his. He started rubbing them on either side up her wrist pulling up the sleeve of her sweatshirt. "No wonder, you've got a ring on almost every finger. Nice though, moonstones and opals?" he asked looking up at her.
"Yea, they were all gifts, they're my favorite colors," she said somewhat dazed. She had never really held a boy's hand, while she had boyfriends in the past, they were unromantic and usually very serious yet thoughtful, however not one had managed to leave her without chipping off another piece of her heart, partly why she chose to seclude herself from others. However, this boy seemed to have some sort of magnetism that was drawing her to him. As he warmed her hands, she almost wanted to let herself be pulled in, but then the fear of past heartaches shot through her and brought her back to her senses, she shot her now warm hand back towards her and used to warm the other. "Thank you, it was very thoughtful of you to do that," she said quickly. A look of hurt or rejection shot across his face, and she immediately wished she could have just accepted his kindness. "I'm surprised you knew what stones they were, most people just think they're costume jewelry," she said trying to draw attention to something else. At that his smile returned.
"I always liked the way they looked, especially the blue ones like yours. My mom used to favor onyx," he smiled thoughtfully.
They went on chatting, Robby eventually got up and moved to the seat next to Beth, which threw her off for a moment, however she was immediately comforted by his smile and their continued lively conversation. They almost didn't realize that class was starting until the professor was asking everyone to pair off for the project. Beth tensed up as she realized that now she had to face talking to some people in search of a partner, when she caught the grin on Robby's face as he stuck out his hand, "Partners?"
She smiled, and felt waves of relief wash over her, "Sure, sounds great", she answered. They talked and decided to meet at her apartment, which also troubled Beth, knowing her room mate would have a field day upon knowing they were expecting a guest, especially since she had mentioned this particular boy to her before. Hopefully her room mate would not embarrass her too much. As class ended, everyone filed out and Beth lagged hoping to be the last one out, however Robby stood next to her waiting.
"I'm done with classes for today, if you don't have anything else to do, maybe we could get some lunch or just hang out, or I could walk you home if you like," he looked at her expectantly, he felt the muscles in his stomach clenching as he waited for her response. He had noticed her the first day of class, she was so beautiful, and he had been waiting for an opportunity to talk to her. He felt anxious today, he had come earlier and earlier to every class after the first, hoping to talk to her before too many people arrived, and today he had succeeded. He didn't usually talk to girls, but from the minute he talked to her he felt at ease, but now, a slight fear that she might not want to hang out with him gripped him as he waited for her to answer.
"Ummm, I was just gonna take the bus home, I live pretty far off campus, and its too cold to walk..." Beth was stunned, she hadn't expected him to want to spend so much time with her. "But, on second thought, how about we grab some lunch at the Student Center?"
Robby felt himself relax, "Sounds great," and he offered her his hand. She looked at it startled for a minute and then took it, surprised that he didn't let go once she was on her feet. They walked hand in hand all the way to the Student Center, and despite the freezing cold, her hand remained warm inside his. She felt a slight bounce in her step, something that had been missing for a while. They talked and had a long lunch together, both reluctant to part ways. Eventually he escorted her to her bus and watched as it pulled away. Both a little sad, but both grinning from ear to ear.
In the weeks that followed, they grew closer, and eventually ended up spending every day together. He would walk her from one class to the other, even if it meant he was late to his own. He would always meet her in the morning, with a smile and her cup of hot chocolate in hand, and she had grown so comfortable, that she began greeting him with a hug. One day, as they sat waiting for class to begin, he sat staring at her as she explained the notes to him from a previous class. He barely noticed what she said, as he thought about how cute she looked sitting with one hugged against her chest in her desk, and holding her cup of hot chocolate with both hands trying to warm up. He could no longer resist, he leaned in as she was in the middle of her sentence, and kissed her softly. She tensed up, but only for a moment and then she closed her eyes savoring the feel of his lips. He lingered, loving how soft her tongue felt against his and tasting her hot chocolate on her lips. They heard someone else enter the class room and immediately shot back to reality, a fierce blush rising in both their faces.
"I'm sorry... I-" he started, but she cut him off by reaching for his hand and giving him a quick kiss on the cheek. He smiled, reassured that he hadn't caused any awkwardness and relieved that she hadn't slapped him or worse.
Later that week, Beth was rushing about her apartment, cleaning as best she could. Her room mate being somewhat merciful had gone home for the weekend so that Beth and Robby could enjoy a movie night alone. It was the least she could do after embarrassing her first few times he had been over to visit. She and Robby had finished their project, and decided to get together to celebrate their good grade. Many had noticed a change in her, she smiled more, and she cracked jokes and laughed. Her room mate was glad to see the side of her that had been dormant for so long, which was another reason she had decided to give Beth a weekend alone. Beth was just about to sit and wait when there was a knock at the door, she ran toward it, leapfrogging over the coffee table. She flung it open, and there stood Robby with a goofy grin holding a box of pizza in one hand, and a bag of movies in the other.
"Hey hun!" squealed Beth as she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him, savoring the ring in the corner of his mouth.
"Hey beautiful, mind if I come in and set things down?" he laughed, as she had seemingly forgotten that he was holding everything. As they settled on the couch after eating and began watching the first movie, they snuggled closely together under a blanket. As the evening went on, they ended up lying down on the couch, spooning, Beth lavishing the warmth, and Robby loving the scent of her long dark hair. In the middle on the third movie, he realized that she had fallen asleep. She was already in her pjs, so he softly kissed her cheek, nuzzled her neck and took one last breathe of her hair before slowly getting up. He then carefully wrapped her in the blanket, and carried her to her room. She snuggled against his chest, and clutched onto his hoodie as he carried her. He couldn't help but smile, she was absolutely adorable. She finally woke as he set her down on the bed and kissed her forehead.
"Wha?—Are you leaving?" she asked sleepily.
"Yes baby, you knocked out during the movie, so I figured I'd tuck you in and head out," he smiled as she rubbed her eyes.
"Don't go, stay here, please?" she implored as she reached out for his hand. He was taken aback, he hadn't expected such a request, but didn't hesitate in his response.
"Ok baby, scoot over!" he laughed as he picked up the blanket to slide into bed next to her. She beamed at him, as she wiggled to the middle of the bed. They snuggled close, Robby holding her tightly against him, savoring this new experience. She had nestled her head on his shoulder, and had one arm across his chest, and cradled his shoulder with the other. She hadn't felt so secure for the longest time, she tilted her head back to look up at him. He smiled, and leaned down for a kiss as he gingerly caressed her cheek. One kissed melded into another, they had readjusted and she was now straddling him as she kissed him deeply, every so often savoring his lip ring. He softly cradled her hips, and had hooked his thumbs into the lining of her pj pants and panties. He felt himself getting hard, and mad a move to get up before Beth could notice, but she pinned him back down before he could. She began grinding against him, making him groan as he grew harder. "Beth do you know what you're doing to me?" he asked, not really sure he cared about the answer at the moment.
"I have an idea," she smiled deviously.
"Are you sure you want to do this?" he asked her earnestly.
"I'm sure," she said as kissed him gently to reassure him. She then went to remove her shirt, slowly revealing her breasts. He quickly sat upward as the shirt was halfway over her head, serving to secure her arms above her head as well as a blindfold, and giving him an unobstructed view of her voluptuous breasts. He kissed her tentatively, then kissed down her neck, slowly making his way to her breasts. He slowly released her arms, allowing her to completely remove her shirt as he began suckling one breast. He rested one hand on her hip, and ran the other up her back sending a chill down her spine. He felt her tremble, and began to suck the other breast, willing them to become as excited as he was. She cradled his head, running her fingers through his hair as she leaned back to offer him a better angle, inadvertently rubbing his girth over her mound making her moan as she felt herself becoming wet. She reached down to grab the bottom of his hoodie, and pulled it off together with his shirt, momentarily breaking the contact between his warm read lips and her erect nipples. She ran her hands down his back, and then back up to rub his shoulders, she began grinding against him again as she steadied herself on his shoulders. He instantly unlatched himself from her breasts, and engulfed her in a bear hug as the shock of pure pleasure ripped through him, she held still for a moment, and smiled as he nestled his head between her breasts. She cradled his head, and began rocking again. He left his arms locked around her, almost to ensure himself that this was real, and that if he let go he would wake up from this wonderful dream. However, once he was reassured that it was he slowly let go and leaned back to enjoy the sight of this beautiful girl in front of him. Her eyes were closed, and she wore a serene smile as she gently rocked back and forth. He then grabbed her waist and gently lifted her off of him so that he may lay her down next to him. She lay there, biting her lower lip, unsure of what would happen next.
"Don't do that, there's no need to be nervous sweet heart," he said as he leaned down to kiss her so that she would cease nibbling on her own lip. He then kneeled next to her, placing one arm on either side of her and began kissing his way down her stomach. Her muscles twitched as he reached the top of her pj pants. He then slowly pulled them off together with her panties. She flushed, as she was now completely exposed to him, she went to reach for the blanket to cover herself, but he stopped her. "Don't--, you're beautiful hun," he said as he stared deeply into her eyes. They had never agreed on this compliment he paid her every so often. She wasn't as thin as most girls, but she wasn't very heavy either, however she never felt that she was very beautiful. However, at that moment she finally believed that what he said was true. She gave a weak smile and relaxed as he continued to kiss his way down. It was then that he noticed them, thin white lines streaking across one leg. He ran a finger over them, and then looked up at her questioningly. "Baby, what are these from?"
She shot up again, and hugged her knees to her chest so that the scars were out of sight. Tears began forming in her eyes, she had gotten so carried away, she had forgotten about them and failed to hide them. "Please don't look at them? I made them... I promise you that I haven't done it in years. I'm not the same person I was then. It's just, I was focused so much on the pain in my heart that I needed to feel something else. But I'm not that girl anymore," she wept, and began to tremble sure that he would want nothing to do with her, as many others hadn't once they learned of her past shame. Instead she was startled by his gentle caress on her calf, and she finally looked him in the eye and was surprised to see care and empathy.
"What hurt you so badly, hun?" he whispered.
"I gave him everything... But in the end, it wasn't enough, and he said that he had found someone else that could make him happy. I used to see them every so often. He held her close and smiled in a way he had never done with me. I was with him for so long, and I cared for him so much. But in the end, it didn't matter because I just wasn't good enough for him." She swallowed hard, knowing that he would surely find her pitiful now and leave. Instead, she felt him tugging on her scared leg.
"No baby, you were better than him. He was just too blind to see how lucky he really was." He carefully pulled her leg out, so that the scarred thigh was exposed once more. He grit his teeth, angry that anyone would hurt her that way, and felt hot tears welling up as he ran his fingers over them. He leaned down and kissed them tenderly. He then got off the bed, kneeling next to her on floor. When he finally looked up, she was surprised by his tear streaked cheeks and a look of complete seriousness on his face. "I can't promise that I won't hurt you, because no one is perfect and we all make mistakes. But I can promise that I will try not to, and if I do, I'll do anything to make it right. These past couple of weeks have been absolutely amazing, and when I picture my future, I see you in it..." He paused, taking her hand in both of his the way he did the first day he talked to her. He was afraid as he finally realized the truth of what he was feeling, and looked up at her sweet face knowing beyond a shadow of a doubt that it was real. "Beth, I love you."
Beth stared at him in shock. Her heart seemed to have stopped beating. As his words sank in, she realized that she felt the same and knew that things would be different this time. "I love you too, Robby." She turned so that her legs hung off the side of the bed on either side of him, cupping his face in her hands, she kissed him softly. He reached up and wiped away her tears. He wanted her more than ever.
"Lie back baby," he told her, and she obliged. He then grabbed her scarred leg, cradling her ankle, and began kissing his way up her calf, kissing the back of her knee, and then circling up towards the scars making sure to kiss each one. He slung the leg over his shoulder and began to kiss down her inner thigh. He could see that she was wet, and he paused, lingering in between her legs inhaling her sweet scent. He then leaned in and kissed her nether lips. She gasped, and reached down to run her fingers through his hair. He slowly slipped his tongue between her lips, lapping slowly from the bottom to the top. She moaned louder as he swept over her tender nub. He felt himself grow hard again as she wrapped her legs around his head. He then focused his assault on her pleasure button, and slowly slipped a finger inside her, she screamed out in pleasure. She was so tight, he would have to warm her up. He could feel the warm, wet, velvet glove grasping his finger as he pumped her faster, all the while lavishing his tongue on her sensitive nub. Then he felt her begin to convulse around his finger, he removed it, delving his tongue in. A few moments later, she exploded, her sweet nectar rushing into his mouth and down his chin. He lapped away until he felt her tremors die down. He lifted his head, looking up at her, she lay there, trying to catch her breath as she came down from her high. He smiled and kissed her inner thigh as he rose to stand between her legs.
She looked up at him and smiled as she sat up. She hugged him around his waist, smiling up at him. She then nuzzled his stomach as she began to unbutton his pants, she pulled them off along with his boxers. She gasped, he was bigger than she imagined, much bigger than anyone she had been with. She looked up at Robby, unsure of her next move. He saw her hesitation, and thought perhaps that his relief would have to come another night, when she timidly wrapped her slightly shaking around it. She bowed her head slightly and closed her eyes, as if praying, although the feeling of her lips making contact with his head was completely sinful. She opened her lips around it, and took it into her soft wet mouth, lapping her tongue under the head. Robby closed his eyes, lost in the waves of pleasure that Beth was sending through him. She tenderly cupped his balls, and began messaging them, rubbing them with the palm of her hand and then rubbing circles around them with her warm fingers. She was sucking him a little harder now, slowly taking him in. She had taken half of him in when he hit the back of her throat. She was unused to this, and dared not try to take more in. With her other hand she began gently jerking him off in sync to her bobbing head. Robby was lost in the euphoria that Beth had created for him. He felt heat bubbling from his core, and knew it wouldn't be long before he erupted.  
He carefully got her to lie back, he looked at her, lying out before him. He leaned over her, his lips gently nuzzling her neck, she reached down and guided him in. He went slowly, letting her adjust to his girth. Beth let out a slow soft moan, and once she felt comfortable enough, she wanted more and began bucking up against him. He stood still though, enjoying the fact that she wanted him, and adored the way she tried in vain to get him to rock against her by tugging on his hips. He finally gave into her, and began gently rocking against her, going a little deeper each time. She wrapped her legs around him, and lung to his neck as he began to pound her, she screamed out in ecstasy. Robby savored every minute, the louder she screamed the harder he pounded her. They were both close, however tried to prolong it as much as possible. Beth felt her core tightening, and then she burst, waves of pleasure washing all over her body. Not more then a second later Robby exploded as well, his back arched and they were both still as they slowly descended from their heavenly high. They both snuggled up together on the bed, Beth laid her head on Robby's chest, listening as his heartbeat grew slower and more rhythmic. All was finally right in her world, as it had never been before.
"Good night my love," sighed Robby as he began to drift off tightening his clutch on her.
"Good night Robby," whispered Beth as she nuzzled against him and finally drifted off.