Fun in the Dressing Rooms
by NaughtyDreamer©

This is a true story -- it happened a few days ago and is told through an email I sent to a special girlfriend of mine who gave me the idea and helped me plan it. I hope you enjoy ....

------------------------------ ------------------------

Oh Joan, we did it! It was so crazy. I am so excited that John did so good. He did so good Joan. 

As you know, John had agreed to help me shop for a dress. It would be the dress that I would wear to his High School reunion that he was so dead set on attending and that I was dreading. My thought was that if I was going to go with him, then I was going to be the sexiest female in the place. And it was my way of luring him into the dressing room with me to have sex in a public place. Ever since I saw the video you sent me of the girl sucking and fucking her boyfriend in a department store dressing room, I wanted to experience the naughty thrill of it for myself. My exhibitionist side is really starting to come out in me. By the way, it is something that a few years ago I would have never have dreamed of doing.

Yesterday, after work, I rushed home and cleaned up; I put on a cute skirt and blouse combo that John always compliments me on. It is nothing really special, but he thinks it is really cute. And it is easy to get on and off, which was going to be helpful since I was going to be trying on dresses. 

John picked me up about 5:00 pm. We stopped and ate a quick bite of supper before heading on out to the mall. I did not tell John that my eventual plan was to have sex in one of the dressing rooms. I was afraid he would be too nervous and back out. I was hoping to just lure him into the dressing room and let things happen naturally. I was nervous but I was also so excited about what I hoped would happen. 

When we got to the mall, I went into a couple of small boutique stores. John was following me around very patiently. I had already checked out a couple of the department stores and found that the Macys and JC Penney's had the best dressing rooms which were unattended. I like shopping at Dillard's but they had an attendant by the dressing room which would not work. We went into Macys first. 

I looked at several dresses and found two or three that I really liked. The only problem was that there were several other women shopping and they seemed to be using the dressing rooms fairly regularly. I got frustrated and decided that we would try Penney's. John looked a little confused but I think he just wanted to get the ordeal over with so I would go with him to the reunion. He had agreed to come shopping with me after all. I was hoping that it would all be worth while for him in the end. 

As we walked into Penney's I noticed that the store was not very busy. Great! I thought to myself. 

We made our way into the women's department and started sorting through the dresses. I held up several asking him his opinion. He was actually being very helpful and quite honest. And he also seemed to be in a good mood which I really was happy to see. I spied the dressing rooms and saw that no one was around. Actually, we were the only people shopping in the women's apparel at that moment. So far my plan was working out. I pulled out three dresses that I liked which he had also given his nod of approval for. I headed for the dressing rooms. I looked back at him and told him to come with me into the dressing rooms. I told him no one was around and it would be so much easier for him to tell me what he thought of each dress than for me to come out each time. 

John seemed a little reluctant to go back into the lady's dressing rooms with me, but I grabbed his hand and pulled him in behind me. There were not too many rooms but I went to the one in the back. I pulled John in with me and then closed and latched the door. The door was open at the top and the bottom, but it was enough to hide what was happening inside; though I realized we were going to have to be really careful about noise. 

John sat down on the bench while I hung up the dresses that I had brought in to try on. I had three dresses, all of which I would have been happy with. I did want to try them on for fit and really wanted John to pick out the one he liked the best. I started taking my clothes off, starting with my blouse; and I decided to have a little fun with John, so I unbuttoned my blouse slowly, as if I was doing a strip tease for him. Actually, I really was. By the time I had finished with the last button, he had a big smile on his face. I reached around and unclasp my bra, letting the straps fall off of my shoulders. Once the straps fell down I finished taking it off and threw it on the bench beside him. My breasts bounced and swayed as they fell from the bra cups. I definitely had his attention by then. 

I smiled at John as I ran my hands up my sides and cupped my breasts in my hands for a second; then I unzipped my skirt and let it fall to the floor. That left me standing in front of him in just my panties. Of course I had planned ahead and was wearing one of his favorite pair. He reached up and cupped my breasts in his hands. My nipples were already hard from my excitement, and anticipation; and from standing nearly naked in front of John. When I felt his touch, my nipples really started to tingle. As much as I wanted to get started right then, I did need to try the dresses on, so I teasingly slapped at his hand.

"Not now John, I have to try on these dresses." 

I pulled the first one on, straightened and smoothed it, and then did a little model turn asking him what he thought. He told me that it looked really nice and that it showed a lot of cleavage. I looked in the mirror adjusting the dress around my breasts. I thought that was interesting, I wasn't even wearing a bra and it was already showing cleavage. My bra was really going to push my tits up in this dress. After studying it in the mirror, I said OK; and I pulled the dress off leaving me in just my panties once more. I made sure I moved near John while I hung the first dress back up. 

As soon as I was 'in range' he started cupping my breasts in his hands again. I did not stop him; I just continued to get the second dress from the hanger. I pulled the second dress on and straightened it. I modeled it for him, turning, letting him see the back; then I turned around to the front. This dress covered more of my tits but was much tighter around the hips and butt. 

I looked at him, "Well?" 

He then got a big smile on his face and said, "Very nice also, and it fits your ass really good, the only thing is that it is so tight I can see panty lines though it."

Actually, I thought to myself, that this was working out perfectly. I needed to get my panties off anyway. I could tell that they were already damp from all the excitement I was feeling standing naked in front of John; flirting with him and the anticipation of knowing what was about to happen. I pulled the hem up, grabbed my panties and pulled them down my legs. As I stepped out of them, I handed them to John. 

"Hold these for me baby, please."

I knew that would really get the ball rolling with him. I noticed that there was already a bulge starting to form in his pants. I turned to face the mirror and while I pulled the hem back down and smoothed the dress back out over my butt and hips; I noticed that while I was fidgeting with the dress that he eased the panties up to his face to smell them. As I turned to face him, he lowered them down to his lap.

"Well, how about now"? I did another model turn for him.

"Much better," he told me as I continued to spin in front of him. Then he added, "Damn Jenn, your ass looks incredible in that dress."

I smiled real big at him and said, "Well thank you baby."

"One more to go and then we will be done, OK?" 

He must have been really enjoying himself because he told me that it was fine to take my time. The tease was really working because you know as well as I do, men are NOT patient shoppers.

I pulled the dress off which now left me completely naked in front of him. I stayed as close as I could to him while I was hanging up the second dress so that he was easily in arms reach. He reached out and with both hands started rubbing my hips and thighs and over my ass. I even wiggled it for him so that he would continue to rub it. John has big strong hands and they felt really good rubbing and squeezing the cheeks of my bare ass. He even ran one of his hands up my inner thigh to almost touching the swelling lips of my pussy. That was it for me. That really got my juices flowing.

I pulled the third dress off the hanger and started to pull it on. I had saved the best one for last. It was low cut in the front so I knew it would show plenty of cleavage. The bottom of the dress was form fitting but not too tight, and hit me about mid thigh. I thought it was a perfect combination. Not to mention it was black and looked great with my tan. I turned and modeled it for him.

"Wow" was all he said. "Jenn, that is absolutely beautiful."

I leaned over and gave him a big kiss. 

"Thank you baby, I think we have a winner."

At that point I leaned in again and started kissing him much deeper. His hands came up and cupped both of my tits. He was squeezing them though the fabric of the dress. Without breaking our kiss, he squeezed them a little harder and then started to lightly pinch my already hard nipples between his fingers. I moaned softly as I felt the tingle pass through my body. Luckily, no one had come into the dressing rooms or they would have definitely heard my moan. 

As I broke our kiss, I looked into his eyes and whispered,

"I am so hot for you right now."

It was then that I stood. I was standing just between his legs.

I reached around, unzipped and pulled the dress off carefully. I was too hot and horny to take time with the hanger, so I just laid it on the end of the bench. 

I was then standing naked in front of John. I could tell that my tease had really worked its magic.

I immediately knelt between his legs and started to unbutton his pants.

I looked up at him with my sexiest smile.

"What the hell are you doin' Jenn!" he said with a surprised look on his face.

I continued undoing his pants, "Sssssshhh, Let's have some fun."

It was at that point that I had his pants undone and was trying to open them up and pull them down. He kind of reluctantly raised his butt off of the bench so I could pull his pants down. I pulled his pants down far enough to give me full access to his beautiful cock. He was already about half hard as I reached out and took hold of it as it lay on his thigh. I rubbed it gently and started to lightly stroke it. 

His cock felt so good in my hand. I looked up and whispered, "Remember baby, we have to be very quiet so we don't get caught." 

Just as soon as I got done telling him that we had to be quiet, I took his cock into my mouth. He let out a grunt and moan. I raised my head slightly and giggled, "Sssssshhhh." 

I took his cock deep in my mouth and held it there. I love feeling a cock swelling and getting hard in my mouth. I was swirling my tongue around his growing shaft. At that point, John started playing with my hair and rubbing my shoulders. He whispered for me to move a little closer so that he could reach my tits. I rose slightly so he could get to them a little easier and he began squeezing them in his hands while I did not miss a beat massaging his cock with my tongue. 

John's strong hands felt really good squeezing and massaging my tits while I started sucking his cock harder. He was soon fully erect. I was moving my head up and down his cock with long, smooth strokes. My hands were busy rubbing his hips and sides as my head continued to bob up and down on his cock. I even glanced over once into the mirror and watched myself going down on my boyfriend; it was amazing to me. 

I have not ever actually watched myself giving a blowjob. The scene was very exciting and erotic. I was really getting into sucking his cock when John grabbed the sides of my head and whispered, "Someone's coming." I stopped momentarily but I did not take my mouth off of his cock while I listened. Indeed, he was right. I heard someone step into one of the stalls and latch the door. I could kind of tell that John was trying to pull his cock out. I was nervous too, but I was way too turned on and excited to stop then. 

I just held my mouth on him and started to slowly move my lips back up and down his shaft. John allowed me to keep doing my thing. However, we were both being extra quiet. I could hear a girl in the background changing and mumbling to herself. It sounded as if she was pleased with what she saw. Luckily for us she did not stay very long. 

After she left, I returned to sucking John's cock fast and hard. I could tell he was feeling good by the way he was thrusting his hips in unison with the movements of my head. As much as I wanted to taste his cum, I was definitely not ready for him to cum. I wanted him to fuck me there in a public place. I felt that I had him very close to cumming at one point, so I slowed my movements. 

I decided it was time, so I pulled off of his cock. While I was still on my knees, I gave him a sexy smile and licked my lips showing him that I was savoring the taste of his cock. 

I raised myself up and stood between his legs. He started rubbing all over my body with his hands. Oh my goodness, did his hands feel good. He was caressing me all over. He would run them up my sides, over my tits, cupping them firmly in his hands. Then move down my belly, over and around my hips; firmly gripping my ass. I was completely engulfed in a pair of hands moving all over my body. He moved up and down my thighs, across my ass and then back up to my tits. As if my nipples were not hard enough already, he rolled them between his fingers, gently pinched them. That sent electric pulses through me and I could feel myself getting very wet. 

I could tell he wanted to get his fingers between my legs but the way I was standing was hindering him. He adjusted me to where I was straddling one of his legs. Now he had full access to me.

He reached up between my legs and ran his hand into my very aroused slit. I could hear how wet I was by the squishing sounds his fingers were making rubbing back and forth between my open lips. We were being so quiet it was the only sound coming from inside our dressing room. It seemed so loud to me that I felt someone outside the dressing rooms would surely hear. I know realistically that was not probable, but it seemed so at the time. I was getting so turned on that my legs were starting to shake. I was caressing and holding my tits in my hands while John remained focused on my pussy. He had actually pushed his finger up into my vagina and was working me into a sexual frenzy. My head was thrown back and it was all I could do to stand. 

OMG, you have no idea how hard it is to stay quiet when all you want to do is moan and scream. 

At that point I could not take it any longer. I grabbed hold of his hand, stopping him, and allowing myself to breathe. I pulled his hand up to my mouth and sucked my juices off of his fingers. He moaned softly as I sucked his fingers deep in my mouth and sucked them hard as I pulled them out. 

Without saying a word, I turned around and bent over, spreading my legs. John immediately got the idea and stood behind me. He pushed his pants and underwear further down his legs around his ankles. He laid his cock between the cheeks of my ass while he adjusted his position. He took his cock and began rubbing the head between my very aroused and very wet lips. I was so hot and horny and wanted him so bad that I was not even thinking of being caught having sex in a department store. I felt the head of his cock find the entrance to my vagina. Then I felt his hands take hold of my hips. I reached out and braced myself against the wall as he started to penetrate me. Once he started pushing in, he pushed it in all the way. I grunted as softly as I could. He usually pushes in slow and smooth but this time he pushed it in with one hard thrust. He was very hard and fully erect as he pushed it into me. He was wasted no time with his thrusts. 

John immediately started pumping into me with long hard thrusts. His hips were slapping against my ass with each push forward. We were doing really good being quiet (I honestly don't know how) but I am sure if anyone was close by and had any familiarity with the sounds of sex, they would have known what was happening in the back stall. It seemed that he had been fucking me for a few minutes although with my mind spinning I am sure I had no concept of time. It was then that we heard the sounds of someone coming. It sounded like a couple of women together as they enter the dressing rooms and latched the door behind them. 

I thought John would pull out but he didn't. I guess he was too far along to stop as well. I was happy that he didn't. I looked over in the mirror and made eye contact with him. I smiled at him and put my finger up to my lips as if to say, "Sssshhh." 

He just smiled back at me and then resumed fucking me. However; now he was making very deep, but very slow thrusts. My pussy was on fire. He hesitated occasionally just letting his cock rest inside me and I could feel his cock pulsing. 

Damn, I thought, I wished those women would hurry. 

I could hear them discussing back and forth about how some outfit looked. Then I heard one say that they needed to check out the outfit at Dillard's. In a few minutes they were leaving and we had the dressing room to ourselves again. 

I was glad they were leaving because I was not sure how much longer John could hold out. As soon as he heard them walk out he started fucking me hard and fast once more. I was watching him in the mirror and knew he was close to cumming. The grimace on his face was telling. 

Trying to hold off cumming and being quiet while the other women had been in the dressing rooms must have been excruciating for him. My intention was to turn around when he was ready and kneel down and let him cum in my mouth. But the next thing I knew he pulled out of me and I felt his hot cum landing on my back and then on my ass.

We kept our positions as we both were breathing too hard to move. His cock was pressed in the crack of my ass and he was leaning into me, holding onto my hips steadying himself. As we regained our composure, I smiled at him again in the mirror. 

John was looking around; I am sure for something to wipe his cum off of me. It would have been much easier and cleaner if he had cum in my mouth but I did not mind at all. 

I looked back over my shoulder and told him, "Use my panties baby." 

He grabbed them up and cleaned me up. We both quickly got dressed. I hung the dress back on the hanger. As we got ready to leave John still had my cum soaked panties in his hand. I asked him if he wanted to carry them or did he want me to take them. He quickly handed them to me and I stuffed them into my purse. I stuck my head out to see if the coast was clear. It was, so we quickly exited and headed for the checkout register. As the girl at the register was ringing up our purchase and folding the dress, I noticed that she kept rubbing her nose. I was not sure if she had allergies, or if, perhaps, she smelled oddly familiar, maybe the aroma of sex ...

John and I laughed the whole way out of the store and out to the car. We both could not believe that we had done what we just got through doing. I talked to him the whole way home about how good he was and how good he felt inside me. Especially, when the other girls had come in and he was moving in and out of me real slow. I told him what a turn on it was for him to fuck me in such a public place. By the time we got to my place, he suggested that we grab a bottle of wine and go to the bedroom. And that is exactly what we did.
Oh Joan, It was so incredible. It was such a rush. I can't believe we actually did it. Do you know how hard it is for someone who makes noise during sex to be so quiet? I think that may have actually intensified the feeling. It was like we were in high school and trying to make out at our parents house. 

Oh BTW, I forgot to take the dirty panties out of my purse. Later, we were out eating with friends. My girlfriend and I went to the restroom to pee and powder our noses. I accidentally pulled my cum soaked panties out of my purse. I could smell them so I am sure she could too. She looked at me kind of funny. I just smiled and winked at her. 

She smiled back and said, "You are so naughty Jenn." If she only knew!!

Got to go now and take a hot bath. I think after writing this down for you it will be a very long bath. wink, wink.....

Jenn

