Author: mypenname3000
Title: The God's Passionate Love Book One: The Priestess's Passion Four: The Thief's Monstrous Guardian
Summary: Ilina the Thief returns to her lair and her awaiting monstrous lover.
Keywords: MF fantasy magic monster inter oral

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this.

Illina  Raratha

I arrived at my home.

I'd taken a convoluted route to get here after my naughty robbery of Lady Alloria and all her delicious gems. Especially that sapphire necklace of hers. I had my palanquin drop me off at a mansion that wasn't mine at all. The men were so sweet to leave the moment I was through the gate, not caring at all about my safety.

When you acted like a spoil merchant's wife, hired help really don't care about one fig about you. Once I was through the gates, and recovering my stashed daggers and alchemical items, it was a simple matter of slipping back out of the wall and making my way to my home. It was located in the basement of a furniture shop. The man above didn't poke to much into his tenant's business. So long as he had his rent, he didn't care what I did.

Apathy was something I encouraged.

I padded down the outside stairs that led to the heavy, iron door of my current lair. Barg waited at the bottom of the stairs, almost invisible in the dark shadows. I smiled at my partner and guardian, the hound who shadowed me. He was loyal to me. The only person I could count on in my life.

I could feel him before I saw him. His midnight-black skin blended him in with the darkness.

You have to see what I stole from Lady Alloria, I said. She had no idea that I was stealing all her naughty jewels. She was just having so much fun with Vainya. She giggled. She's eager for more. In a few months, we'll see what new baubles she has.

Then she'll know for certain that Vainya is a thief, Barg said as he materialized out of the darkness, his voice possessing a certain refined diction. I reached the bottom of the stairs and smiled at him. He wore a pair of black, leather pants and nothing else, his body lean and hairless.

He clearly wasn't human. I didn't hold that against him. It wasn't like I was.

Vainya can't keep robbing the rich women of Raratha forever, I said without much care. I opened the door. It was unlocked, Barg's work. He would have snooped through the lair and made sure no one had entered it while we were gone.

I pulled out the amethyst necklace as I turned around. It swayed from my fingers, glinting in the light. He growled at the sight of it, smiling as he swept through the door. I grinned as I backed through the one room. The cheap mattress lay behind me, stuffed with hay and lying on the hard-packed, earthen floor. It was cold beneath my slippered feet.

Yeah, you love it, I said. Mmm, it's a beautiful thing. How much will this fetch? Who cares if we burn Vainya, we can live well off this for a while. And then we can find more fun ways to make money.

His teeth flashed as he stopped before me. He took it and stared at it. It'll be hard to fence. It'll be remembered.

Then maybe I'll keep it for myself, I said. I swept up my red hair off my shoulders, baring my throat. What do you think?

That emeralds and gold would look better on you than platinum and amethysts, he said.

Then why don't you steal me something like that? I asked, a naughty smile playing on my lips. His dark fingers slid over my pale skin. The necklace pressed on my chest, dipping down towards my cleavage shown off by my pink toga. He clasped it behind my neck. Then his fingers caressed across my skin to my throat. He lifted my chin, staring into my gaze. His dark eyes wanted to swallow me.
He growled with hunger. I shuddered at the passion in his voice.

He kissed me. I moaned into his lips, loving the passion of him. I wonder if my mother knew this would happen when she'd asked him to watch out for me. Had she known I'd get wet and horny for the sexy barguest who raised me?

His tongue darted through my mouth as his hands moved across my toga. He caressed me, his hands stripping off the cloth wound around my body. I could feel the hidden pockets with the various nipple piercings, clit ring, bracelets, and earrings I stole off Lady Alloria in my guise of pleasing her body. She'd been so caught up in our lesbian passion, she hadn't realized that I was robbing her blind.

At least I left her passed out in bliss.

The toga fell to the floor. My naked body quivered. Barg's hands caressed up and down my body. He stroked me, his fingers rough and strong but with a nimble strength. He pressed me back to the bed as his tongue danced through my mouth. 

We sank down on the mattress. I shuddered as his tongue danced with mine. I stretched out on my back, trembling in delight as he kissed me. His body was on me. I quivered, loving the feel of him. My hands caressed his body, feeling his strength through his skin. His muscles wiry and hard, my pussy growing wetter and wetter.

He broke the kiss to lick at my chin and nibble down to my neck. He moved lower, his hands cupping my small breasts. He kneaded them and massaged them. His fingers slid up to my hard nipples. He twisted them, teased them. I gasped as he did, the pleasure surging through my body.

Cernere's black cunt, I whimpered. Mmm, you should have seen how she moaned and gasped as I devoured her.

I can smell her cunt all over you, he said. He licked at the hollow my throat. And taste her. She drenched you.

Yes, she did, I purred in delight. Does she taste good on my skin.

Yes, he growled. A jolly delight. He nibbled on my neck, his fingers twisting my nipples. I gasped. My cunt clenched. This heat rippled through my body. I trembled beneath him, my pussy getting hotter and hotter. 

She had this naughty dildo. Mmm, she enjoyed fucking me. She pounded me hard, Barg. I gasped and moaned and came with her! I shuddered, my pussy clenching. Gods, I came hard. I bet you could hear me.

Barely, he growled, his voice bestial, almost like a hound.

He kissed lower and lower. He licked my skin. He nibbled on my flesh. He kissed up to my breast and latched on to my nipple. He sucked hard on my nub. I gasped as the pleasure shot down to my cunt. My body quivered as the bliss rippled through me.

I whimpered and moaned and squirmed on the bed. My pussy drank in the feel of him. His fingers slid down my side from my breasts. He stroked me. His touch sent tingles racing across my skin, my pussy getting hotter and hotter.

My hands slid over his head as he sucked on my nipple. I licked my lips and whimpered, I don't need you to go down on me.

He sucked hard on my nipple, making me shudder. 

I've had enough of that tonight. My hand slid across his smooth head. I stared into his hungry eyes as my pale fingers caressed his black flesh. I want to do something I can only do with a man.

He popped his mouth off my nipple. I'm not a man.

Mmm, but you're male, I said. I bit my lower lip. Come on, let me see it. Her dildo was fun, but I need the real thing. I need you, Barg. Let me love that cock of yours.

He chuckled and then flicked his tongue across my nipple. He teased me. It made me shudder. This wild heat that surged throughout my body. My cunt clenched. I gasped as the bliss tingled across my skin. I squirmed on the bed as he danced his tongue around my nipple.

I want to suck your cock, I purred. I want to slide my hot and wet mouth across your dick.

He engulfed my nipple and sucked most of my areola into his mouth. 

Mmm, I'll suck harder than that, I purred, staring down at him. A naughty smile played on my lips.

He increased his suction. I gasped at the rapture surging from my nipple straight to my cunt. My pussy clenched. I humped against him, rubbing my hot, hairless cunt against his stomach. My clit throbbed and ached. The pleasure surged through my body. My toes flexed and wiggled. I held him tight. His abs rippled up and down my juicy vulva.

Delight danced through me. His mouth sucked hard on me. Barg nibbled on my nub. He sucked hard. His tongue caressed over my areola, teasing me. My eyes sparkled as I stared down at him, my pussy growing hotter and hotter. A hunger grew in the depths of my cunt.

Oh, gods, I want to suck your hard dick Barg, I moaned. I want to bob my head and work my mouth up and down it. I'll cradle your balls with my hands. You know how much you love that. I'm going to suck and suck until you fire all that cum into my mouth. I shuddered and let out a wanton moan. You know how much I love swallowing your cum. I'll gulp down every last drop of it.

He popped his mouth off my nipple.

Mmm, you want that, I groaned, my fingers stroking over his hairless head. And you know what I'll do after you explode in my mouth. I smeared my hot cunt against his stomach, my labia and clit rippling pleasure through my body. You'll love it.

He sucked on my other nipple. I gasped. My back arched. 

Gods, please, please, let me blow you, I moaned. I licked my lips. Let me drink your cum, Barg. Please, please! Cernere's black cunt, I want it.

He sucked a final time than he rose from me. He knelt between my thighs. He stared down at me, hunger in his dark eyes. I just enjoy hearing you beg.

You're such a tease, I groaned, my cunt on fire. I don't know why I put up with you.

Because you love it when my dick ties you, he said. Do you want me to shift forms.

I shuddered. I don't think I have the energy tonight for that.

I sat up and folded my legs. I grabbed his waistband and unfastened his pants. I undid all the lacings. His fly opened, revealing his hairless flesh and the tip of his cock. I drew out that midnight shaft, loving the contrast against my pale-beige fingers. I gripped him, ivory on night. I stroked up and down him with one hand while my other shoved down his pants.

I shuddered at the fun I was having with his cock, his dick throbbing in my hand. He was warm, alive. Not like that nonliving dildo. This was a real shaft to play with. Precum bubbled at the tip. My hand cupped his hairless balls, massaging the heavy nuts.

They brimmed with the cum I wanted. Hungered for. Pussy was fine, but there was nothing like sucking the jizz out of my hunky barguest. I loved every second of him. He made life exciting. A powerful adventure.

I leaned my head down and nuzzled my lips against the tip. He groaned as I kissed his slit, getting his precum on my mouth. I flicked my tongue out, gathering more of the salty delight. He groaned. His cock throbbed in my mouth and his balls twitched in my hand.

Illina, he breathed. His strong hand slid through my red hair. He gripped me. Show me how much you love my cock. You begged for this. You wanted this. Now enjoy it.

Gladly.

I slid my lips over his cock. I swirled my tongue around his spongy crown. My cheeks hollowed. I bobbed my head and worked my lips up and down his shaft. My digits massaged his nuts. I loved the feel of him in my hand.

He growled, a deep rumble rising from his throat. He stroked his fingers through my hair as I loved him. I stared up at him. I swirled my tongue around my spongy crown. My cheeks hollowed with my suction. His precum flowed into my mouth, staining my dancing tongue.

Gods, Illina, he growled. Pater's cock, you have a hungry mouth. Jolly good.

I needed cum. I wanted to guzzle down his jizz. I had stolen a fortune from Lady Alloria. Her necklace swayed across my chest as I bobbed my head. I sucked hard. My tongue danced around him, teasing him.

Yes, yes, you're going to get that cum you crave, he growled. My sweet, little thief.

The rhythm of my heartbeat increased. It drummed in my chest as I worshiped him. My nerves drank in the feel of his dick sliding against my lips. I bobbed my head faster, delighting in the sensations running through my sensory systems.

My pussy grew hotter and hotter. Juices dribbled down my thighs as I loved him. My tongue caressed his shaft and swirled around the crown. His balls twitched in my hand. I kneaded his nuts, gently, enough to tease him.

Yes, yes, yes! he growled. His hand tightened in my hair. You want my cum?

He knew I did.

Yeah, you do, he growled. Just a wanton strumpet!

The base of his cock began swelling, something no man's cock would do. No human or halfling did that. No strap-on dildo had ever given me that delight. My pussy clenched, aching to be fucked by him. He was so close to erupting.

Gods, Illina, he snarled. His face twisted with bestial passion. His precum soaked my tongue. I sucked with all my might. Cernere's nimble fingers and black cunt!

Hot cum erupted into my mouth. His balls tensed in my massaging hand. I gulped down that salty treat. I closed my eyes, savoring this masculine delight. My body responded. The rhythm of my heart sped up. My pussy grew hotter as the jizz warmed my belly. The increased temperature radiated out through my flesh.

He growled every time his dick erupted into my hungry mouth. He fired that wonderful cum into me again and again. I guzzled him down. I reveled in the salty flavor of my barguest's cum. My hand massaged the swollen base of his cock.

You wicked, little thief, he growled. Just stealing all my cum.

I gulped down the last of his seed. I pulled my mouth off and purred, Mmm, I stole a good bit of it, but I bet you'll have more for me soon.

He licked his chops as I massaged the base of his cock. There was a trick to getting it to swell down faster. Touch it in the right spot, and his knot deflated faster. It could take a quarter-hour or more elsewise.

And I needed him in my pussy.

I sucked on the tip of his cock again, loving how he stayed hard. He let out a snarling growl as my careful pressure relaxed the base of his cock. It shrunk back to its normal thickness, which would still stretch out my naughty cunt. My heart rhythm decreased to a slow and steady pulse, ticking away as I loved him. 

What a delight you are, he said. Mmm, just like your mother.

I popped my mouth off his cock. Did you love her?

He stroked my hair. I love you, Illina.

I smiled. You loved us both. I look just like her.

Yes and no.

I arched my eyebrow at him. We're identical. You know that.

But you're not the same. You're more playful than your mother. You have more fun when thieving than she ever did. She was serious.

I pouted. So she didn't beg to suck on your cock and drink all your cum?

She didn't give me a choice, he growled. His hand pressed down on my shoulders. I shuddered as he leaned over me, his cock hard and throbbing in my hand. I trembled as he stared down at me. I felt so petite and helpless beneath him.

Which made my pussy clench.

I like it when you don't give me a choice, I said.

He snorted. You set my blood on fire. I might think it's my choice, but I'm still giving you what you want.

I grinned at him. So I am like my mother.

In your own conniving way, he said, settling between my thighs. His right hand cupped my left breast. My heart's rhythm sped up. I shuddered as he squeezed my breast. His thumb swept out and rubbed across my nipple. 

I groaned as he massaged my nub. He pressed it down as he leaned his body on me. His cock nuzzled into my pussy, rubbing into my hairless lips. Pleasure tingled from my labia. A wonderful passion surged through me. I groaned as he pressed his dick into my pussy lips.

I shuddered as his dick slipped into my hot flesh. He pressed his thumb hard into my nub. His cock sank deeper and deeper. My twat welcomed him with liquid passion. Delight rippled through my body. I groaned. My cunt clenched around his dick. I savored him as he bottomed out in me. His crotch rubbed into my clit.

Sparks burst.

I whimpered, my arms snaking around his neck. I pulled him down. His forehead rubbed into mine. His nose brushed against my dainty one. I groaned and undulated my hips, stirring my cunt around his cock.

I needed you in me! I moaned. Gods, Barg, fuck me! That Alloria didn't give me everything I crave.

He grinned at me, this wolfish smile, and drew back his cock. I loved being taken by him in his other form, but it lacked the intimacy this provided. The wonderful delight of feeling my sexy barguest on top of me, staring in his eyes.

Loving him.

He slammed back into me. His balls smacked into my taint. My pale legs gripped his midnight body. My hands slid down to stroke his back. The muscles rippled beneath my hands. He slammed his cock deep into me. He plunged over and over into my pussy. He stirred me up. Every hard thrust into my cunt sent a wave of pleasure rippling through my nervous system.

I clenched about him, groaning and gasping as he buried again and again in me. He rammed that thick dick into me. The heavy smacks of his nuts echoed through our hideout. I gasped and whimpered, clenching my twat around him. I held him tight as he plundered me.

Waves of delight swept through my body. I kissed him hard. I thrust my tongue into his mouth. His thumb massaged my nipple. Pleasure surged down to my cunt. My twat clenched about his dick. He buried faster and faster into me. 

I loved fucking my barguest. He was my guardian. My partner.

My clit ground against his pubic bone. My pussy drowned in the feel of him as he pumped hard into me. He growled into the kiss. His left hand stroked down my side to my thigh. He gripped me as he plowed into me. My pussy lips and clit reveled in the thudding impacts of his crotch.

He broke the kiss, snarling. Pater's cock, your pussy, Illina!

Mmm, just loving your cock! I moaned. My pussy missed your cock. Alloria's golden dildo has nothing on your dick. Ooh, yes, yes, ram that in me. I can't wait for you to knot me!

He growled and kissed me hard.

My pussy squeezed around his cock. His shaft stimulated me. He massaged my flesh. The pleasure rippled and surged through my nervous system. My fingers dug into his back. I humped my hips and undulated them around his dick. I stirred my twat around that amazing dick, stimulating my flesh. 

My orgasm built and built in me. My body trembled beneath his weight as I whimpered into our kiss. His tongue plundered my mouth with the same forceful passion as his cock ramming into my cunt. I loved his passion.

I was so close to cumming.

To that wonderful moment of bliss.

He thrust harder. Faster. Then I felt it. His knot swelled again. His cock ballooned at the base. The increased girth smacked into my pussy lips. I gasped as my tight cunt resisted. He drew back and thrust in harder.

I broke the kiss and howled, Yes, yes, ram that big knot into my cunt! I howled. Do it! Bury into me! Oh, yes, yes, Barg. Please, give it to me!

He slammed against me, snarling. His eyes burned with his passion. My pussy lips stretched more and more with each impact. In his other form, he'd have me tied faster, able to thrust with more force, but this was exquisite, too.

My cuntlips throbbed every time his swollen base slammed into me. My twat stretched to engulf him. Wonderful bliss swept through me each time. I held off my orgasm as I trembled beneath him. He drew back.

Thrust forward.

Illina! he growled as his knot slammed into my vulva.

My pussy surrendered to his increased girth.

Barg! I gasped as he penetrated me fully. His knot popped into me. Cernere's black cunt, yes!

My pussy convulsed around his dick and knot. My orgasm swept through me, a vast tsunami following my nervous system to the cogs of my brain. I drowned in rapture as my cunt writhed around his massive cock.

He erupted.

His dick throbbed in my pussy, knot pulsing as his cum pumped into me. I whimpered and moaned, bucking beneath him. I reveled in his cum flooding me. It was incredible to feel him pumping my twat full of his jizz. That wonderful pleasure filled me. My eyes fluttered. Stars danced over my head.

Yes, yes! I moaned as I drowned in bliss. Gods, Barg! I love it when you knot me!

He growled and then kissed me. His tongue danced through my mouth. My cunt milked his cock. I drained his balls. My pussy rippled around his amazing dick. I whimpered and squirmed beneath him. My orgasm peaked.

Died.

I panted, turning my head and breaking our kiss. We were knotted. Tied together for a while. I reveled in it as he nuzzled into my neck and ear. He panted as he came down from his own passion. I closed my eyes, letting my body rest, my mind retreating as I slipped into sleep.

The last thing I sensed before darkness found me was my barguest on mein meand protecting me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Leywife Monica  Outside the Temple of Lily's Blossom, Kingdom of Secare

I woke up crying out for Regina and Kassandra. For Maryann and Yennifer. For all my new friends killed by the goblins. For Tomas who would have been my husband. I shuddered as I fled the nightmares, tears spilling down my cheeks. I thrashed in the embrace of the rough blankets.

It's okay, said a strong voice. The goblins won't hurt you. I won't let them.

The knight appeared over me, his body hard and muscular. His mature and handsome face stared down at me. His arms went around me. He pulled me close to him. Onto his lap. He stroked my hair as I sobbed for all those I knew. I pressed my face into his scarred chest. He rocked me. My body shook as I emptied myself.

Sir Bryce caressed down my back. He didn't say anything. He was just there for me. Strong. Comforting. I don't know how long I cried. Finally, I felt wrung out. My eyes sore, my cheeks stained with my grief.

I glanced from him and saw the horizon was lightening to the east, pink glowing through the darkness, driving back the night. I stared at it for a while as I calmed down. He held me the entire time as my grief withdrew.

What's going to happen next? I asked.

We track down the one responsible, he said, his hand resting on my stomach now.

Yes! I snarled, wanting vengeance on the man who sent those goblins to capture me. They killed my new friends. Tomas and his wonderful wives. I would have been happy being married to him. He seemed like such a nice man, and his wives had been full of joy and mirth. I want that. He has to pay.

His hand tightened on my belly for a moment. I need your help. Your connection to Pater is important.

I nodded. Until I gave birth to the demigod or demigoddess growing in my womb, I would have powers. Blessings from Pater. I didn't know how to use them all. I had healed Sir Bryce's wounds last night before we made love. He had given me such comfort, and I would help him out.

We need to go, he said. We need to get over the Kelit Mountains.

I glanced at the purple shadows to the south. They rose into the sky. The land was folded before it. We were in the foothills to those mountains. Beyond laid the Kingdom of Valya. The goblins would have come from the craggy vistas, bursting out of their disgusting holes.

Did the bastard retreat into their dens? she demanded. Huh? I rose from his lap and stared at them. Tell me! Where will we find him! This rage shuddered through me. This hot passion that would burn the world.

I don't know how to find him, Sir Bryce said. I know where he'll be next. And to get there, we need to go to Raratha.

Raratha? I gasped. It was one of the cities that formed the League of Seven. They were free cities that ringed the Nimborgoth, the vast, inner sea and a hub of commerce. It lay on the southern coast of Valya at the mouth of the Roytin River. Why there?

We need to find the best thief in the world, he said. Hathila's daughter.

I blinked in shock at that. A thief? And who was Hathila? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lady Alloria Valis Korvan  The Free City of Raratha

I felt amazing as I woke up. My romp with the delicious Vainya still lingered in my thoughts. I blinked my eyes open, lying on my side in my bed, snuggled up to a goose-down pillow, the fabric soft silk stitched with gold threads in the design of lilies.

I breathed in the scent of Vainya. Her salty musk lingered in the air. It was different from other women I'd eaten. Special. She had that red hair and green eyes of a Tuathan woman. They were rare outside of the Lesh-Ke Mountains where they lived in the alpine valleys. Lady Vainya was a delicious thing with such unusual skin. Not just the pale milkiness of it, different from the pale azure hue impregnating my skin, but the sheen. Her ointment was such a delight.

I wanted to get that out of her. What alchemist had created it for her?

I rolled onto my back, my hand idly playing with my breast as I remembered that wonderful delight she'd given me. I stroked my finger across my chest as I relived last night. How she'd eaten me. That wonderful trick of hers where she removed my clit piercing with her tongue, the skill at which she

My digits didn't brush my necklace.

I bolted upright, staring down my body. My large breasts swayed, my dark-red nipples thrusting from the pale blue flesh of my titties. No golden rings pierced my nubs. No bracelets adorned my arms. And my necklace...

A rush of panicked fear shot through me. My hands scrabbled around my neck and throat, my fingers reaching for it. Where was it? I didn't remember taking it off. I threw back my sheets. Tossed pillows to the floor. My heart pounded in my chest as I snarled.

Where is it? Gods, where did it go?

I flew from my bed and raced for my jewelry box on my dressing table. I threw the delicate chair, carved of white mahogany from the 'Zakon Jungle, to the side. Panic was about to consume me. I wrenched open the mother-of-pearl box held together in a frame of gold. I stared down at my large collections of baubles my husband and lovers had showered me with over the years. I dug through it, spilling out bejeweled rings, heavy broaches, bracelets, clit piercings, and more. 

No platinum necklace set with amethysts. 

That fucking cunt! I snarled. I was missing every bit of jewels I'd been wearing last night. She stole the one thing that I would miss. The one thing I couldn't live without. My heart pounded in my chest as I screeched, Yellia, get that cunt in here right now!

The door flew open and my maid Yellia appeared, a slender Valyan girl, her short hair swaying about her nubile face. She trembled in her dark toga, the blue almost fading from her pale cheeks as she trembled in fear.

M-my lady Alloria? she squeaked.

Bring me the lamassu now! I roared in fury. Who was this Lady Vainya? No noblewoman would be a thief this blatant! Steal from my body while making love to me! Run, slut!

Yellia fled. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stefan Halian  Esh-Esh, The Magery of Thosi

The shock of learning I was a demigod still hadn't worn off the next morning. Ahlona's appearance had been earth-shattering. I had bonded with an angel. A daughter of Slata and Pater. In a way, she was my half-sister. A race of angelic beings who served the various Gods and were gifted out to mortals to aid them and give them succor.

Stefan, a familiar voice said as I busied myself in the Collegiate Tower's large stable. It was a barn carefully hidden with magic to keep it from ruining the ascetics of the grounds around the ivory tower thrusting high into the sky. What is this about you leaving?

Family business, I said to my instructor as I threw my saddle across Magistrate's white back. He had a snowy coat contrasting with his black mane, fetlocks, and tale. I reached beneath him to cinch the strap tight. I have to go back to Secare.

Family business that's more important than the journeyman test? Maris asked. My instructor grabbed the blue sleeve of my robe. He wore the black of a master mage. One who had passed all the tests and had a mastery of magic beyond anyone else. They only allowed a few journeyman mages a year to take it, and only a few of those would ever pass. It's only a week away. Surely it can wait.

I shrugged and broke from his grasp.

You'll probably pass to the red this time, he pressed on. It's your last chance, Stefan. You don't want to wear the blue forever. You won't find work much beyond villages needing help with crops. You'll be little more than a hedge mage, roaming from place to place, eking out a life.

This is more important, I said. I have to go.

Maris gaped at me. Those words didn't seem to make sense to him. He shook his head as I finished tightening the cinch. He struggled to gather himself. I turned and grabbed the saddlebags packed with traveling clothes, some camping gear I had, and other odds and ends. I still needed to buy food, but I would find that in the city of Esh-Esh itself. 

This is madness, said Maris, finally gathering himself. I believe you'll pass, Stefan. Don't let the pressure drive you to do something you'll regret.

We both know I wasn't passing, I said.

That's why you never pass! He threw up his arms in frustration. I can see the potential in you. There's something special about you. Something that needs to be molded. Harnessed. You can't do that if you run away from the pressure. There are moments in your life, important branches in the road that you'll travel, that you can never get back to. This is a crucial moment. Do not make a hasty decision. You leave, and you'll be bitter with regret. You'll wonder over and over, questioning it for the rest of your life.

I won't, I said as I finished tying the saddlebags in place. I've found my path. I made the decision.

He grabbed both my shoulders. His cragged face peered at me. He had the reddish skin of a Hazian, his hair whitened by the years. It was pale yellow when I first arrived as a boy a decade ago, sent by my mother. She had known the power of my blood. That it needed to be harnessed. She thought that was by becoming a mage.

If I had been at home instead, maybe my destiny would have manifested with her. Maybe I would have saved her. The best I could do was avenge her. 

I grabbed Maris's wrists and gently pried them from my shoulders. I have to go. This is urgent.

You are special, Stefan. I saw that in you the first day you arrived. You were meant to be here.

No, a sweet voice said. Ahlona swept naked into the stables, her white wings wrapped about her body, her halo glowing bright. She had a bright flush to her pale cheeks. She held five crystal vials in her hand full of a clear fluid. His destiny is something greater than staying here.

Maris gaped at her. He recognized what she was instantly.

She reached my side and pressed the vials into the robe of my pocket. They contained her pussy juices. I wished I could have watched her masturbate and fill them for me. Her pussy juices held power for a male mage. More so than any other type of cunt cream I'd ingested. When I ate her out last night, I felt it.

Are you ready to depart, Stefan? she asked.

I have to buy food, I told her as I put my foot into the stirrups of the horse. I never did understand why I bought him. It was an impulse one frustrating afternoon after failing the test for the third time. I had money from my mother that I didn't need. 

Maybe I just wanted some freedom from the pressures of the Tower. I hardly had the time to ride him. That would change.

I settled into the saddle and nodded to my instructor. I hope we meet again, Master Maris. Thank you for what you've taught me.

Ahlona climbed up behind me, to my surprise, sitting bareback on the horse. The saddle wasn't designed for two. She wrapped her arms around me and rested her head on my shoulder. She squirmed like she was excited.

May the Gods watch over you, Maris said in awe. Angel, why have you come to him?

Because he's special, she said. He's more than he seems. I'll help him realize that. His destiny has finally found him. He will save creation as we know it.

I winced at that pressure. Creation? Me? 

I heeled my horse and left behind my stunned instructor. I had a long journey ahead of me. It would be over a week before we reached the Temple of Lily's Blossom. And who knows how long it would take to track down the man who murdered my mother and planned to murder my divine father.

How could anyone kill a God let alone the God? Pater, the Father of All. It was madness. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lady Alloria Valis Korvan  The Free City of Raratha

My fury stewed in me. As I waited for that slattern Yellia to return, I wanted to know who this Lady Vainya was. She had to be a fraud. I had only heard about her recently, gossiped about among the wives and mistresses of the powerful merchant-lords of Raratha. She was an incredible lover, but only to women.

I'd heard no rumors of her being a thief. 

The bitch had counted on the flighty vanity of the wealthiest of women. Our husbands had made such fortunes, we had so many baubles, it was easy to lose track of a few. I had more than I could care about. So many that they hardly seemed to matter.

Save for my necklace.

It held an enchantment. It protected my life. It made me inured from poisons and disease, from random chance inflicting harm on me, and it maintained my beauty. As I aged, I would still be fair of skin and flesh. The effects wouldn't noticeable for years without it, but I would begin to deteriorate again. My breasts would sag as the years marched on. Wrinkles would afflict my face. 

My lovers would only want me for my wealth, not the beauty of my body. Not even the enchantments on my pussy would be enough to hold a man's attention.

I had to get it back. Damn that little trollop for thinking she could steal it from me. I would claw out her eyes. I would rip them out with my bare hands. She didn't need it. Not with that smooth skin. She was still young, barely eighteen or nineteen. She had her entire life before her. 

I stared at myself in my mirror, making sure that I was still youthful and beautiful. My breasts were large and plump. I squeezed them even as I reminded myself that I would be fine for years yet. I paid a fortune to that black-robed mage for this. Master Maris promised that it would never fade.

If people found out my real age...

They never would. I looked at most thirty. A woman at the height of her beauty and passion. 

A soft rap at my door and then another of my maids, Dillisa, poked her head in. My Lady, I have been talking with the other servants about this Lady Vainya. None of them know any who served her. One groom I spoke with says he knows porters who take her to Lord Tovinanil's estate and drop her off at the front gates.

Not the front door? I demanded.

That's what the groom said. The porters all curse her as a miserable woman to tout about, demanding and demeaning all that same time. They never bothered to press it.

Lord Tovinanil hasn't brought any niece or new mistress into his home, I said. That's not where this thief is at.

I'll keep asking, she said and slipped out.

I tapped my fingers on the dressing table. I glanced at my mirror of polished silver. My face was still smooth and youthful. My black hair still sleek. I cupped my breasts, filling how firm they were for tits that size. My nipple hard and adorned with a pair of gold rings topped with rubies. 

Where was that damned lamassu? One dwelt in Raratha, living atop the spire of Lord Makelisa's palace. The rare race was considered lucky. They had powers of divination. They could find what was lost or stolen.

Wings rustled at my balcony. I glanced over at the silk drapes to see a figure moving. I shuddered as I realized he had arrived. The lamassu's maned head pressed through the curtains. His claws clicked on the marble floors. I shuddered at the sight of him.

Lamassu's were a race of monsters with the bodies of lions but the head of a man and the wings of an eagle. Shedu had a handsome face of golden skin that matched the tawny-yellow of his leonine body. His mane was darker, almost a burnt orange. His feline tail flicked behind him while his dark-gray wings folded up along his body.

Lady Alloria, he said, his accent a little strange. It had a purring rumble to it. How wonderful to be summoned to you.

I rose naked before him. A thief has stolen something precious from me.

He sniffed deeply. Yes, her scent lingers. He glanced at my statue of Saphique in the corner. My gold dildo was strapped to it like the marble could come to life, animated by the Lesbian Goddess, and fuck me at any moment. Your paramour has stolen a necklace?

I quivered. Yes.

He licked his lips. I need you on your knees before me. You must concentrate on her. You must focus all your thoughts on her while I forge my connection with your flesh. This is paramount. The harder you think on her, the clearer my impression of her will be.

Of course, I moaned, my body trembling. I had heard tales of Shedu... I didn't like doing things with men, and I doubt my enchantment would work on the divining monster. I will pay anything for her.

The thrill of scrying is payment enough, he said, his green eyes following my busty form as I moved before him. Believe me, I do not have materialistic needs.

Just a hard cock, I moaned as I sank down. Are you sure you do not wish my husband's gold, too?

For the pleasure of using his wife? He made a rhythmic purring sound that took me a moment to realize was laughter. That would be unseemly. No, no, the pleasure will be more than enough.

I smiled, pleased he'd recognized the value of my pussy. It was worth more than gold or baubles. 

I knelt down before him, my pussy juicy. My preference went to women. It was rare that a male could arouse my interest. And he was so... interesting. A monster. What would his cock be like? The stories I heard had my cunt dripping juices already, soaking my shaved pussy lips.

I heard him breathing and then the soft fur of his mane brushed my thighs and ass. I groaned moments before his face nuzzled into my cunt. His lips were strong and masculine, no different from any man's. I could almost think a human ate my cunt.

Until he licked me.

I gasped at the rough texture of his tongue. It was so different from anything I'd felt. I didn't care this belonged to a man. He stimulated my pussy. It was like being licked by a man's stubble but hot and wet and not disgusting. I groaned, my fingernails scratching at the marble floor. My large breasts swung beneath me. Pleasure rippled through my body.

Gods, yes, I moaned.

Concentrate, he murmured. Focus on the thief. I need to forge the connection to learn about her.

Yes, yes, I moaned, picturing Lady Vainya before me. Her pale skin, petite body, small breasts, and those beguiling eyes. The way she smiled and played with her fiery hair. How her tongue licked with skill across my body.

Shedu's tongue lapped at my cunt as I focused on her. I groaned, struggling to concentrate against the pleasure of his tongue licking up and down my pussy folds. He brushed my clit. Sparks burst through me. My ass clenched, tickled by his mane.

He purred as he ate me, this deep, rumbling sound that vibrated the lips of my cunt. It added another delight to his tongue sweeping through my labia. He thrust his tongue into my pussy's depths. He swirled that rough, hot appendage around, caressing my silky walls.

Gods, yes! I moaned, struggling to hold the thief in my mind. How she'd sucked on my nipples, her tongue playing around my nubs.

My body shook as Shedu feasted on me. The monster's tongue swelled my orgasm. I wiggled back into him, his mane brushing my thighs and tickling my rump. His purring felt incredible as his tongue thrust into my pussy depths and teased me.

Yes, yes, help me find that bitch! I moaned, Vainya's green eyes dancing in my mind. Her moans echoed in my memory from when I'd pounded her with my strap-on.

You are doing good, he growled. His tongue flicked up my body. I gasped, a hot tremble rippling through me. You're almost there. Keep picturing her.

I remembered her tongue darting through my folds. Kissing her with the taste of my pussy on her mouth. Fucking her with my gold dildo. Her gasp and moans echoed through my hair while Shedu's tongue built and built my orgasm.

The lamassu feasted on me. His rough tongue licked me everywhere. I gasped and moaned as he found my clit. He sucked on it. A memory of Vainya's naughty tongue on my bud mixed with the feel of his rough appendage caressing my naughty bit.

I exploded.

Vainya! I howled, my orgasm washing through my body. My pussy juices gushed out. Yes, yes, find her!

His wings flapped as I came. His tongue licked up through my pussy folds and then pulled away from me. The pleasure swept through my body. The bliss reached my mind, spilling over my thoughts. I groaned as he mounted me.

His furry body slid over me. I whimpered and moaned, my heavy tits swaying beneath me. His forepaws planted on the floor beside my hands. His cock nuzzled into the convulsing folds of my pussy. I squirmed beneath him, his coat rubbing my back and ass.

So soft.

Find her! I howled.

He rammed his cock into my spasming pussy.

I gasped as the monster's dick filled me. The spell warding my cunt didn't activate like it normally did. He chuckled, clearly neutralizing the enchantment with one of his own. That was fine. I didn't need to own him like I did my pathetic husband. 

His wings flapped while his purring grew louder. A powerful rumble that vibrated the air. My flesh rippled and writhed around his cock as I felt his awareness sliding through me and licking up my memories of Vainya. He feasted on them with the same skill as he'd eaten my pussy.

Yes, yes, find her! I moaned, trembling beneath his mental feasting.

My orgasm spasmed through my body. I kept cumming around his cock. I could feel what made his dick special, the little spines. They didn't do anything when he slid in, but when he pulled back, I screamed out in ecstasy.

I came harder as his soft cock-spines tickled the inside of my orgasming pussy. Another climax burst through my body. The waves of bliss swept out of me. They washed through my body as he slammed back into me.

Stars burst before my vision.

Gods, yes! I moaned. Las's wild lust, fuck me! Pound me and find her!

Such exquisite pussy, the lamsasu growled as he pumped away at my orgasming cunt.

My pleasure never stopped. His spines kept my pussy spasming and convulsing around his cock. His furred body pumped away at me. I trembled beneath him, my tits swaying wildly. My head tossed back and forth as my married cunt writhed in celebration.

The wonderful caress of his cock-spines melted my mind with waves of ecstasy. They surged out of my cunt every time he drew back. His dick slammed into me over and over. He pistoned in and out of my naughty twat.

Gods! I howled, my mind smothered beneath rapture. Yes, yes!

He thrust harder. Faster. His purrs grew in volume. His entire body rumbled with them. His soft fur massaged my back and rump as his spiny cock fucked my convulsing twat. I gasped and moaned, another orgasm bursting through me.

Then he buried to the hilt in me. His cock erupted.

His hot cum fired into my pussy. The monster-jizz pumped hot and fast into me. My pussy spasmed harder. More rapture rushed out of my cunt. I whimpered and moaned as I milked his spunk. I loved every splash of his cum into my molten depths.

Yes, yes, yes! I hissed, not caring that a male came in me. Fill me to the brim. Don't stop firing that jizz in me! Gods, I love it!

I have her! he roared as his cock spurted a final time. 

I moaned, almost disappointed that he'd stopped erupting. Then my eyes widened. Where is she? I hissed through the bliss rippling out of my pussy. Tell me where to find that bitch!

She is a rat! the lamassu growled. If you do not cut off every route of her escape, she'll scurry off into the warrens and vanish from your reach.

How do I find her? I growled. 

She is Illina, and she lives in the basement of Gareyth the Carpenter! he snarled. You will need help to capture her.

I panted, my mind struggling to work beneath the bliss. A rat, huh? I would find the perfect vermin catcher then.

To be continued...
