Creampie Ranch

I had driven several hours through the hot Nevada desert, frequently 
consulting the map from a friend.  About an hour before getting to 
Creampie Ranch, I called ahead.  Admittance there is by invitation 
from a current member, and I had my signed letter from the friend.

My heart pounded as I rang the bell at the gate.  A moment later it 
unlocked with a loud click and I walked to the main building.  I made 
small talk with the lady who was in charge of that shift, and 
presented my credentials.  She made a point of mentioning that all 
the ladies there expect any session with them to culminate with their 
being orally serviced after their client ejaculates inside them.

I told her the kinds of sessions I wanted, and she excused herself to 
go get the girls for the lineup.

A couple of minutes later, seven young ladies entered the spacious 
room and formed a semicircle.  They all wore the house uniform, which 
was a white blouse with the top three buttons undone, a short black 
skirt, and whatever they wanted to have for footwear.  And, their 
legs were bare.

"Ladies, this gentleman would like to experience four of you today, 
one at a time.  Please introduce yourselves to him."

"Hi, I'm Vicky," the leftmost girl announced as she stepped forward.  
"I'm a natural blonde all over, and I'd like to get sticky with you." 
 Her white sneakers and bobbie socks deliciously framed her smooth 
legs, and she seated herself on an armless chair, slowly pulled her 
skirt up, and spread her knees, showing me her blonde pussy.  None of 
the girls wore panties.  

I could not help staring for a moment.  I was very hungry for 
satisfaction, having refrained from sexual activity for more than a 
week.

The next girl stepped forward.  She was tall, and very solidly built. 
 Her long brown hair was fashioned into braids, one on each side.  
She wore black high top shoes with thick gray socks, and her legs 
were well-tanned.  "Hi, I'm Kath. I'm a big girl, as you can see, and 
I like to play with big boys.  If you want to play with me, I can be 
your dessert."  She seated herself and spread her solid, firm legs, 
showing me a dark brown bush with full, thick labia protruding.  My 
boner wanted to jump out at her, which I think she sensed, as she 
smiled when I feasted my eyes on her womanhood.

The third girl who stepped forward was slender, with a ponytail.  Her 
almost black hair contrasted with her very pale skin and bright, wide 
smile.  "Hi, I'm Palomino, just like the pony.  I'm a country girl, 
and I enjoy a good long ride.  I can also do some good ol' fashioned 
milking.  Only, I don't use my hands for milking.  Look at this..."  
She sat down and spread her legs, lifted her skirt, and used her 
internal muscles to pucker and retract her labia several times.  I 
felt my boner twitch and jerk when I looked at Palomino's pussy 
moving like that.

The next girl, a beauty with Latina features, stepped forward.  Her 
dark eyes sparkled.  "I'm Rosa Bonita.  I will surprise you with how 
spicy I am in the bed."  She suppressed a smile as she deployed her 
wares for my perusal.  Rosa Bonita's smooth brown skin nicely framed 
her ample black-haired pussy.  Her pink labia was almost hidden 
within her mound.  She wore bright red lipstick, tastefully applied, 
and I visualized those ruby red lips firmly gripping my now erect 
boner.

The first thing I noticed about the next one was her shiny black 
open-toed platform shoes.  Her long, curly blonde hair swayed as she 
stepped forward.  She had full red lips and a sensuous mouth made all 
the more attractive by an overbite.

"I'm Tina, and I like being quite the slut.  If you put some cream in 
my cup, I'll give you a taste of my pie."  With that, she reclined on 
the chair, put her hands on her hips, and spread her legs, displaying 
a delectable vagina with a light golden mat of pubic hair fluffily 
surrounding it.  She truly had a golden pussy.

The sixth one then introduced herself.  "I'm Joan.  As you can see, 
I'm wearing a ring.  I work here when my husband is away on long 
business trips.  If you want a submissive wife type, I'm for you. One 
more thing.  I climax very easily."  The brown-haired Joan was 
barefoot, with good reason - she had beautiful feet.  When she 
displayed her attributes, she emphasized her submissiveness by 
putting her hands on her lap and casting her eyes downward.  She also 
spread her knees just enough to show a little of her pussy.  She had 
an attractive, nurturing appeal about her.

The last one to introduce herself displayed a spry, playful manner.  
"Hi, I'm Vanessa!  I've been a cheerleader until recently, and I'll 
bet I can cheer you on to the finish line anytime!"  The 
reddish-blonde Vanessa hopped up and down a few times and struck a 
standing pose with her lithe, athletic legs well spread and her knees 
bent.  Her hands on her waist held her skirt up as she thrust her 
hips forward.  She had a fun-loving smile that would make it a 
pleasure to just be around her.

Well, dear readers, my appetite was whetted to a feverish level, and 
I certainly had some hard choices to make.  I said to the lady in 
charge, "I'm very impressed - naturally, this is going to be a 
difficult decision."

She smiled, handed me a notepad with the girls' names on it, and 
instructed them, "Show the gentleman again what you have to offer, so 
that he can arrive at a decision."

They all in unison spread their thighs and displayed their naked 
midsections.

I knew that I would pop off rather quickly with the first one or two, 
and that I needed to save for the last, the ones who I wanted to ride 
for a while before ejaculating.  I took a few moments, selected four 
of them and arranged the names in the order that I wanted to 
experience them: Kath, Rosa Bonita, Joan, and Palomino.  I handed the 
list to the lady in charge.

"Kath, please take this gentleman to your room and show him a good 
time.  When the hour is up, please let me know."

My jeans exhibited a tent from my boner as Kath gleefully grasped my 
hand and led me back to her quarters.  She had me get undressed while 
she remained fully clothed.  With brightly gleaming eyes, she washed 
my boner and testicles.  Then she took off everything but her 
high-top black shoes.  I told her we needed to take it easy so that I 
wouldn't pop off right away, since I'd been abstaining for over a 
week.  So we got on the bed and cuddled, and I ran my hands all over 
her firm body.  

Kath kept things exciting by frequently handling my boner as we 
cuddled and explored.  After a while I fingered her pussy and noticed 
that she was very juicy.  She got on her back and spread her legs, 
and I easily entered her.  It was so sweet to be inside her then, and 
I mostly kept still, and only occasionally pumped a full stroke or 
two.

I felt myself seeping inside her even when I kept still, and I knew 
it would not be very long until I squirted.  A few minutes more of 
looking into her delicious eyes, plus the sweet feeling of being 
inside her, finally pushed me over the edge and I erupted.  I felt as 
if hot jets of semen were shooting from my cock.  As I furiously 
pumped her pussy, she sexily whispered, "Yes! Oh yes, cum in me - cum 
good and hard, lover - give me all that cum, put it inside me!"

A few minutes went by and she smiled and asked, "Ready for dessert?"  
I nodded and pulled out, and she had me lie on my back.  She quickly 
straddled my mouth.  Her pussy was slurpily wet with our combined 
juices, and when she pushed her pussy against my mouth I sucked 
fervently on her sweet vaginal opening.  I looked up at her face and 
noticed she was truly enjoying this.

"Oh Yes, that feels so good," she said in a shaky voice.  "Suck on me 
just like that!  Oh! OH! Ohhhhhh!"

I continued to lick and suck on her after her climax, and she 
continued thrusting her hips for a few moments.  Then she lay herself 
on top of me and we spent the rest of the hour face to face.  The 
time with her was very sweet.

Rosa Bonita was waiting for me when Kath led me back to the reception 
area.  Her ruby lips accentuated her sexy smile, and her red high 
heels smartly showed off her smooth legs and swaying ass when I 
followed her to her room.

She washed my privates, as all the ladies did, playing and sensuously 
handling my boner as she did so.

Then she stripped completely, and got on the bed, spreading her legs. 
 "You like what you see?" she asked.

"Yes - very much."

"Show me you like it - come kiss it!"

I must admit that Rosa Bonita had an enticing mound between her legs. 
 I kissed and licked her pussy and tasted her pink labia.  She had a 
sensuously musky scent - one that struck me as an I-like-to-fuck 
scent.

After a few minutes of this, she turned over on her tummy and asked 
me to rub her lower back.  Naturally, my hands went lower than that, 
and she responded well to my kneading her ass cheeks.  The more I 
kneaded, the harder she wiggled and pumped her hips.  By then I had a 
firm erection, and I longed to take her right then.  She turned over 
and told me to lie back and enjoy.  She got between my knees, facing 
me, and with one hand tickled and manipulated my ball sac while 
looking into my eyes.  My cock was practically dancing for her as she 
skillfully used her fingers, much to her delight.  She stopped when I 
moaned and wiggled, and placed her open mouth near the tip of my 
boner.  When I quieted down, she quickly put her whole mouth around 
my cock, up to the hilt, and paused for a few seconds.  Then, just as 
quickly, she withdrew completely, leaving my moistened cock to dance 
before her.  She repeated this maneuver several times, and then got 
on her back and pulled me on top of her.

I easily slid into Rosa's hot pussy.  She arched her back and jutted 
her small but firm breasts forward.  I nibbled on her protruding 
nipples while pumping her pussy.  She reached around and inserted a 
finger in my anus, and wiggled it as she repeatedly poked it in and 
out.  That amount of stimulation coaxed an intense ejaculation from 
me and we both thrashed about while I spurted.

Rosa Bonita held me inside her for several minutes afterward, content 
just to lay still while her pussy milked every last drop from me.  
After a while I pulled out and she placed a pillow under her hips, 
and indicated she was ready for me.

Her abundant internal secretions, mixed with the load of semen that 
she so expertly coaxed from me, resulted in a profuse amount of 
translucent sticky liquid which oozed out from her vagina and formed 
large streaks in her pubic bush.  She wrapped her legs around my back 
as I put my mouth up to her pussy.  She voiced sounds of satisfaction 
as I applied myself to cleaning her pussy of our juices.  I reached 
forward and cupped her breasts in my hands and tweaked her nipples as 
I proceeded.  She rocked her hips in a pumping motion as I became 
more fervent in my mouth-to-vagina endeavor.  Then she became still, 
except for trembling and panting, which I surmised was her climax.

Her pussy tasted so good that I kept on kissing it long after I had 
extracted all the creampie.  She was content to lie there with her 
hands behind her head in a satisfied pose, until she said she 
couldn't stand any further stimulation.

She had me lie on my back while she worked on me orally, getting me 
good and hard 'for the next session'.

When the hour with Rosa Bonita was over, I mentioned to the lady in 
charge, whose name was Aimee, that I would like to take a break 
before proceeding with the remaining two sessions.  She suggested 
that I join her for a snack in the kitchen area, and I did.

"You're the first one to sign up for FOUR sessions!" Aimee exclaimed 
when we were eating.  "We've had guys want a second session after 
their first one, but more than that is unusual."

I chuckled and said, "Well, I'm very hungry, if you know what I 
mean."

Aimee gave me some information on handling Joan, who was scheduled 
for my next session.  Then we chatted for the next hour and a half, 
during which she left a couple of times to answer the door.

Refreshed and rested, I undressed in Joan's room.  I unbuttoned her 
blouse to reveal her bare chest, and then had her lie down on the bed 
and pull her skirt up.  I made a point of closely "inspecting" her 
pussy and getting her creamy before tantalizing her with kisses 
there.

I entered her, and pinned her body down with mine, and grasped her 
hands and pinned them down on the bed too.  Looking into her eyes, I 
slowly withdrew my cock almost all the way, then suddenly thrust it 
in, to the hilt, and paused for a few seconds, then repeated.

"UHHHH!" Joan exclaimed with each thrust inward, and climaxed after 
several of them.

I pulled out and fingered her pussy.  Since she was aroused, she 
climaxed again after a few moments of my attentions.

I had her lie on her tummy with several pillows under her hips.  Then 
I entered her again, and performed my pound and pause maneuver while 
firmly grasping her hips.  Her moans of pleasure culminated in 
another quick orgasm for her.

We had intercourse in a variety of other positions - Joan standing, 
bent over grasping her ankles; sitting up, front to front; prone on 
the bed with her legs together, to mention a few.  It was a pleasure 
the way she climaxed frequently, and I loved to catch sight of her 
bushy pussy as my member slid in and out.

Following that, I got on the bed and spread my legs, and asked Joan, 
"Do you want me to suck you clean after I cum inside you?"

"Yes, yes."

"Well, I want you to do some of the work now - make me cream your 
pussy, and then I'll clean every last drop out of there."

My giving her the responsibility did wonders - she was sensitive to 
what aroused me, and did a fair amount of teasing and oral work on 
me, and ended up straddling me and riding me like a horse, until I 
bucked like one and spurted inside her.

She wanted to lie back and have her legs spread wide for dessert, and 
I indulged in tasting her sweet pussy.  She, of course, had a couple 
more climaxes.

A little while later Palomino took me to her room, her ponytail 
swaying as she walked.

"You saved the best for last, I see," she remarked with some humor.  
I stripped, and she got ready to wash my pubic area.  

"Now let's get all that skanky stuff from the other girls off of 
you," she teased.  "I'm gonna have some fun today.  I want us to ride 
and ride, and I want to get a big load of cum in me for when you eat 
my creampie."  Her country-girl mannerisms were already beginning to 
arouse me.

"It looks like he likes me," she said, referring to my boner.  "I 
like him too.  Cause you and him are gonna make me real happy.  Now 
let's get on the bed and start having fun."

Palomino stripped all her clothes off and straddled my chest.  "The 
first thing I wanna do is some kissing.  I'll even kiss back!"  She 
moved to where she straddled my face, put her pussy close to my 
mouth, and puckered her labia as it made contact with my mouth.  We 
spent several minutes like this, with her pussy lips responding to my 
kisses.  It was an interesting and arousing experience.

Then we had intercourse in a myriad of different positions, and we 
took turns doing the riding.  First Palomino was on her tummy and I 
entered her and rode for a while, then I got on my back and she rode 
me for a while, and so on.  

After several such episodes, which she greatly enjoyed, she said, 
"It's time for me to use my milking machine - get on your back, and 
I'll show you."

Straddling me, she moved her internal muscles and hips so that her 
pussy milked my boner.  Aside from the stimulating feeling, the sight 
of her milking me was intensely erotic.  Since I had ejaculated three 
times that day previously, she had some work to do before she 
expertly extracted a copious amount of semen.  The pulsing throes of 
my orgasm came from deep within me, as happens more with each 
succeeding ejaculation in a given day.  I incoherently thrashed about 
as my orgasm gripped and squeezed me.

Then Palomino enthusiastically rode my mouth while I lustily kissed 
and sucked on her freshly creamed snatch, and kept riding for a while 
after her climax.

We lay there tenderly cuddling for a while, and at the end of the 
session I asked to see Aimee.

"Are you okay?" Aimee asked.  "You've been through a lot today."

I chuckled and said that I felt like I could use a nap before I drive 
to the nearest town, which was some distance away.

"I don't usually do this, but you could nap for a little while in my 
room.  When my shift ends in three hours, I could wake you and you 
could be on your way."

I took Aimee up on her generous offer, and she let me in her room, 
which was in a detached building close by.  She gave me a guest kit 
with a toothbrush and said I could use her bed for a nap.  I took off 
my clothes and got in her bed and went to sleep almost immediately, 
and must have slept deeply - when I awoke Aimee was in the bed, 
sleeping soundly.  I was still groggy, so I didn't get up then, and 
must have fallen asleep again.  The next thing I knew, Aimee was 
sleeping cuddled up next to me.

I stirred, and she opened her eyes.  "You were sleeping so hard I 
didn't have the heart to wake you," she whispered, and playfully 
rolled over on top of me.  My erection stirred between her legs and I 
heard her breathing pick up.  I ran my hands over her body, and she 
guided me inside her.  We had long, sweet, slow intercourse.  After 
my ejaculation pulsed inside her, she gently pushed me toward her 
pussy, and I nestled my mouth between her legs.

I spent the next several minutes licking, kissing and sucking her 
pussy until she bucked and writhed, overwhelmed by orgasmic 
convulsions.  It was good.


-----
This work is copyright by the author, and commercial use is 
prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story 
unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either 
directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and 
provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author 
(rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  Please see my other stories 
at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
