Age of Aquarius -- Prologue by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2021

Story codes: MF, MMFF, MFg(10), first, oral, anal, preg, romance

Summary: Set in the Summer of Love, 1968, this is the story of how the arrival of a special family at a hippy commune in the Catskills changed the protagonist's life forever. As with most of my stories, this one's really a love story.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

==============



The radio was turned up loud, playing Simon and Garfunkel's latest hit, and I was signing along--"Counting the cars on the New Jersey Turnpike...!" But this quiet stretch of upstate Route 28 sure as hell wasn't the New Jersey Turnpike, and there weren't any other cars to count, which is why I was surprised to see two girls up ahead on the side of the road, thumbing a ride.

I pulled over, and hollered out the passenger window over the music, "Where you headed?"

"Anywhere!" one of the girls answered. She was a "large-boned" girl, with brown curls around ruddy cheeks, wearing a colorful satin print paisley blouse. She leaned over to look through the window, and I couldn't help but notice an ample bosom swaying unencumbered as her shirt fell partly away from her chest.

"California!" the other girl said, leaning over as well. She was the opposite of her companion; petite, with auburn hair in a fashionable bob, a tiny pair of cutoffs and a tight white tee.

"I think you're going the wrong way to get to California," I said, turning down the radio.

The petite one giggled. "Maybe so!"

"Well," I reached over and opened the passenger door, "I'm not going to California, but I'll take you as far as I can."

"Cool," they said in unison. The little one tossed her bag into the back seat and climbed into the car, then slid over next to me to make room for her friend.

As the larger one climbed in and shut the door behind her, she leaned around her friend and asked me, "Do you know where the Hillcroft Manor is?"

I laughed. "Sure do! That's actually where I'm headed."

"Really?!?" both girls said. "Cool!" the chubby one continued. "We heard that we can probably find someone there that'll give us a ride to California."

"Yeah, there's a lot of people coming and going from the Manor. I'm sure someone will be heading to California eventually."

"We also heard that they have really good acid!" the littler one added, following it up a giggle.

"That's definitely true," I nodded.

"Sweeeet! Let's go!"

I pulled back onto Route 28. "I'm Brian, by the way. Brian Hallstrom."

Both girls giggled. "That's a very grownup sounding name!" the little one said.

"I'm Starfire," the bigger one offered, which made her companion giggle some more.

"What about you?" I asked the first girl. "Do you have a 'nom de hippy' as well?"

More giggles. "Not really."

"Well, how about we call you 'Hitchhiker' then?"

"Okay!" Hitchhiker agreed.

"So, do you girls hitch a lot?" I asked.

"Oh yeah. It's the only way to get around, where we're from," Hitchhiker answered.

"Where's that?"

"Vermont. We're just small-town girls, looking for adventure!"

"Well, I hope you find it."

"I think we will!"

"I've never hitched myself," I said. "Aren't you worried about winding up stranded somewhere? I mean, what are the chances that someone like me happens by on this old deserted road, and going to the same place you are?"

"It's pretty easy to get a ride," Hitchhiker answered. "Most guys are happy to pick up a couple girls like us."

"I suppose." I had to agree.

"Most of 'em expect something in return, though," her friend Starfire added. "Grass, gas, or ass!" Both of them giggled some more.

"That's not good."

"Nah, it's okay" the little one responded. "Fat old farmers deserve blow jobs, just like everyone else, right?" More giggles from both of them. "And they're always nice about it, it's not like their wives do it for them."

Starfire leaned forward to look at me around her friend. "Alice loves giving blow jobs."

Her friend nudged her with her elbow. "What about you?" she asked me. "Are you married?"

"Nope."

"Girlfriend?"

I hesitated for a moment, not exactly sure how I'd characterize my relationship with Emily. "No, no girlfriend, neither," I answered, more or less truthfully.

"Then you must be hard up!" Starfire laughed. "Alice'll give you a blow job if you want. Right, Alice?"

Hitchhiker laughed. "Sure!"

"Very tempting," I said, "But I'll pass. Hey Starwhatever--"

"Starfire."

"--Starfire. There's a joint in the glovebox."

"Awesome!" The girl retrieved the joint and I handed her a lighter. She fired it up and took a big drag, then passed it to her friend.

"So you don't like blow jobs?" Hitchhiker asked with that funny inhale voice that you use when you're holding in a hit. She passed the joint to me as she talked.

"All guys like blowjobs!" Starfire answered for me. "But maybe he's gay? That's why he doesn't have a girlfriend."

"Oh, sure," Hitchhiker said. "That's cool," she added as she exhaled her hit.

"No," I laughed, hitting the joint and passing it back to Starwhatever. "I like a blow job just fine. Only, it seems a little exploitative, to make a girl blow me for a ride."

"Oooh!" Hitchhiker said. "A gentleman! How sexy!" Both girls giggled mightily at that.

"So, what's in California?" I asked, looking to change the subject.

"Nothing," Hitchhiker answered. "Just fun."

"We just got done with high school a couple weeks ago." Starfire took a drag before continuing. "And we're both going to college in the fall, so we figured, why not take the summer off? You know, 'to look for America?' she sang, sounding silly as she held in the hit. The girls giggled some more.

"That's a good plan," I nodded.

"What about you? You seem a bit square to be hanging out with a bunch of hippies and acid freaks."

"Square?"

Hitchhiker elbowed her companion again. "He's cool, he's smoking us up, isn't he? That's not square!"

"I guess," the other said. "Everybody smokes pot, though. Even squares."

"Well, I don't think you're square at all," Hitchhiker turned to me to contradict her friend. I have to admit, I was liking the cut of this girl's jib. To use a very "square" expression.

"Thank you, Alice," I replied. "And I don't think you're square, either. Not nearly as square as your friend over there."

That sent the girls howling with now-stoned laughter.

"But to answer your question, Squarefire"--more howls of laughter--"I'm actually the proprietor of the Hillcroft Manor."

"The 'proprietor?'" the little one asked.

"That's what squares say when they mean they own a place," Starfire said.

"Too true!" I said. Now all three of us laughed.

"You own the Hillcroft Manor?" Hitchhiker sounded impressed.

"Yep."

"No way! You're like a legend!"

Starfire leaned over to look at me. "Now Alice really wants to give you a blow job!"

Another elbow. "I just can't believe we got picked up by the guy who owns the Hillcroft Manor!"

"Seems like an auspicious start to your adventure!" I said.

"Oh, totally!" Hitchhiker agreed. "I can't wait until we get there!"

"It's just up ahead. Look, you can see it through the trees."

A big white colonnade facade, fronting a large three story mansion, appeared around the corner. In the front yard, a dozen or so long hairs sat in the grass in various stages of undress. They waved when they saw me turn up the road.

"Here we are!"

"Sweet!" Both girls grinned with excitement.




[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
