Raw unadulterated lust

By: doesnt matter


Radha had been married for 3 months into a strange family. Her
father-in-law and mother-in-law were both fervently religious and her
husband, Rohit, was an atheist. She also had a devar, Rohan, who was the
black sheep of the family. Rohan was rude, insolent, always getting into
trouble and frequently out of jobs. They lived in Baroda. Rohit, her
husband, was a decent, hardworking man, who loved her very much and took
good care of her. Her in-laws were simple people who didn?t interfere in
her married life at all, so Radha was perfectly happy and content and
loved her husband very much too. She had a good sex life, and her
husband was kind and attentive. What more could she want? She wondered.

The only dark cloud was her Devar, Rohan. Her husband was constantly
worried about him and was usually called by Rohan to get him out of
trouble. He changed girlfriends frequently, didn?t seem like he wanted
to settle down. Even her in-laws were worried about him. She and Rohan
got along ok, but it wasn?t a fantastic relationship, in the sense that
they hardly ever talked and he was usually very curt in his replies as
if he didn?t really want a conversation. But over all she was happy and
content.

Then one day, everything changed. She was cleaning Rohan's room, just
tidying it up, when she saw that his computer was on. Out of curiosity,
she started checking his files and found a folder full of pictures. She
opened it and was aghast at what she saw! They were pictures of Rohan in
the nude!! She had never seen him naked before and she was absolutely
stunned by what she saw. He was very well muscled and lean and sleek
from working out but what drew her eyes was his cock! It was enormous,
dark, straight and clean shaven. She felt guilty at looking at it and
quickly shut the folder but the damage was done. She couldn?t get the
image of that cock out of her mind. She got up and quickly left the room
just as Rohan came in and they almost bumped into each other. Rohan
immediately realized something was wrong when he saw her expression and
asked her," bhabhi, kya hua?? She said, "Kuch nahi" and turned her eyes
down and immediately walked away to her room. Her heart was hammering
loudly and her legs were shaking. She went into her room, took a deep
breath and tried to calm down. But nothing worked. All she could think
about was that amazing cock she saw. She tried to cut the image out of
her mind, but she couldn?t. She wondered if something was wrong with
her. Why was she feeling like this? She was never a very sexual woman.
The sex she had with her husband, Rohit was good and tender and she
enjoyed it, but she never dwelled on sex. She had too much to do. Now
her mind was filled with the image of that huge cock. She could see the
hard muscles of Rohan's abdomen in her mind. "STOP IT!!? She thought.
But she couldn?t. She didn?t leave the room till evening by which time
she was so ridden with guilt that she was feeling depressed. Finally, it
was time to cook and she couldn?t avoid leaving the room, so she
reluctantly, walked to the kitchen to start cooking. She glanced
apprehensively at Rohan's door as she passed by, but thankfully, no one
came out.

As she reached the kitchen, she felt dampness in her panties so she
stopped and turned back to her room to check if her periods had come
early. She went to her room, raised her saree, removed her panties and
was shocked at what she saw. Her panties were drenched!! She tentatively
touched her pussy and it was soaking with her juices! She couldn?t
believe it!! She had never been so wet in her entire life. She realized
now with bitterness that she wanted her Devar and there was no getting
away from it. She decided that from now on, she would avoid Rohan and
try to get this out of her system. She changed her panties and with new
determination she walked back to the kitchen just as Rohan came out of
his room! He looked at her, smiled and walked ahead of her and her heart
almost burst out of her chest. She felt her cheeks flush and she
returned his smile as best as she could and kept walking behind him. Her
eyes involuntarily now moved down to his butt and she couldn?t help
recall the picture of Rohan that she saw. She saw that full and firm
butt in her mind and she felt her new panties go wet again. She forced
herself to stop thinking of that image and averted her eyes and walked
to the kitchen.

As she started cooking she got a little distracted and finally her
breathing returned to normal, her thoughts become clearer and she
started feeling better. By the time she was done cooking, she felt a lot
better and so she walked to the drawing room and sat down to watch TV
and wait for Rohit to return. Her in-laws were already there and there
was no sign of Rohan, so she sat down and started watching with them.
After sometime, Rohit came in and she smiled at him and the two of them
walked up to their room, chatting. They discussed the days events
(obviously, minus the Rohan incidence) and then he went into the
bathroom to freshen up while she went to the kitchen to lay the table.
As she was laying the table, Rohan walked in through the drawing room.
She didn?t notice him and as he walked past her to the kitchen to get
water, his hand brushed against her waist. She was startled and
immediately straightened to see who it was and as soon as she saw that
it was Rohan, her heart started hammering again and she felt the now
familiar shaking in her legs again. Her cheeks flushed again too but
luckily Rohan had his back to her so he didn?t notice his bhabhi almost
swooning at him.

He drank water and came out to the dining room. Radha kept her eyes away
from him but she was intensely aware of his presence in the room. He
walked up to her, and asked her, "bhabhi, tell me why were you looking
so confused when I came to the room?? She felt herself flush again and
said, "You are mistaken, Rohan. There was nothing wrong at all." Then
she felt his fingers gently caressing her waist again. Her heart started
pounding and she looked up at him in apprehension. He said, "bhabhi, I
checked my recent documents. I saw the pic you saw." Then he insolently
grinned at her, and walked away from her while she stood there, looking
after him, totally confused and shaken to the core. Oh God! This had
just turned into a nightmare. Rohan knew that she had seen his naked
picture! She felt so ashamed! She started crying. On hearing her sob,
Rohan turned around and immediately rushed back to her and understood
that he shouldn?t have mentioned the picture. He said, "Bhabhi, I am
sorry. That was stupid of me. I won?t mention it again. Don?t worry."
Then he gently caressed her cheeks with his fingers and walked away from
her again.

Radha could feel the searing heat of his fingers on her cheeks. She felt
her body go liquid at his touch. Her eyes closed. She stopped sobbing
and just then she felt him walk away. She was rudely awakened from her
trance and the guilt came rushing back to her. She was so confused she
didn?t know what to do. She wanted her Devar. God! How she wanted him!
But it just wouldn?t do! What could she do?

These thoughts kept plaguing her all through dinner and she was subdued
and quite. Rohit asked her, "what?s wrong, Radha?" So she smiled at him
and said, "Its nothing. Just my stomach feeling a little upset." She
could see from the corner of her eyes that Rohan was staring at her and
she could feel his eyes burning into her face. She looked down at her
plate, kept her eyes there, finished eating and immediately made some
excuse and walked to her room. She breathed a sigh of relief as she
reached inside and plunked herself into her bed.

Soon Rohit came in and lay down beside her and asked her how she was
feeling. She said she was ok now and so he smiled at her and started
caressing her hair. Radha's thoughts immediately returned to Rohan and
the feel of his hands on her cheeks and she felt her breathing quicken
and the juices begin to flow from her cunt. At this, Rohit also got
turned on as this was a new experience for him. He realized that his
wife was turned on and this had never happened before just simply by
caressing her hair. So he started moving his other hand along her waist
and moved in to kiss her. Radha felt his lips touch her and she could
almost imagine Rohan kissing her. She tried to switch of the image, but
it didn?t work and so she gave in and imagined her devar doing what her
husband was doing to her. Rohit had never ever seen his wife act like
this. Her face was flushed, her breathing was quick and all he was doing
was kissing her!!! His own urgency increased so he quickly removed his
clothes and just raised her saree and felt for her panties. He was
amazed at how wet they were. He just blessed his luck and immediately
removed her panties, spread her legs and was inside her. He pumped
urgently and came soon.
Radha was just beginning to really get into the mood, when she felt her
panties being removed and felt her husband slide into her and almost
immediately she felt him cum too. She felt disappointed but didn?t have
the heart to tell Rohit that she wasn?t even ready before he came. She
let him lay on top of her for some time and then gently pushed him off
and went to wash herself. Rohit started feeling drowsy and said that he
was going to sleep. So she said that she would go down to watch some
more TV. She quickly pecked his cheek and went out of the room. As she
was walking by Rohan's room, she felt his door open and felt his hand
grab her and pull her into his room. She felt herself pulled into the
room and saw Rohan as he quickly shut the door. Then he turned to her
and asked her, "Bhabhi, what is happening?"

She didn?t know what to say. She just stood there. He walked closer and
she could hear his breath. She started feeling all the familiar feelings
rushing back to her. She wanted to rush into his arms, feel his arms
around her, and feel her naked body locked to his. She felt both his
hands on her shoulder and then he said, 'Bhabhi look at me".

She looked into his eyes and he said, ?tell me, what?s wrong?". She
said, "Rohan, its nothing. I saw that pic and I am ashamed of myself.
That?s all." So he said," no bhabhi, that?s not all. I have enough
experience to know that there is something else."

Now she looked at him apprehensively and asked, "What do you mean?" He
said, "Bhabhi, I think you finally realized that you want me as much as
I have always wanted you."

As soon as she heard his words, she was struck dumb. "Wh wh what???? She
asked.
"You mean you want me too?" As soon as the words escaped her lips she
realized her mistake and covered her mouth with her hands, but the
damage was done. She could see Rohan's eyes light up and he moved
towards her.

She said, ?stop, Rohan. Don?t come any closer. I love your brother and
he has done a lot for you too. I will not hurt him like this." Then she
opened the door and walked out, shaking. She went back to her room and
silently walked in. Thankfully, Rohit was asleep so she crept into bed
and lay there with her eyes closed. She was devastated that Rohan knew
how she felt. But she couldn?t help what she said. She lay there
thinking what to do. After some time she realized that she had to talk
to Rohan again.

So she went to his room and knocked on the door. He opened the door and
was surprised to see her. She went in, he quickly shut the door. She
said to him, ?look Rohan. I admit that I want you. But I cannot betray
my husband. You have to understand that this is just something we have
to-" and Rohan had her in his arms and was kissing her. She felt herself
cut off in mid sentence and as soon as she felt her hands around her and
his lips on hers, all thoughts just left her mind. She felt a wave of
intense pleasure wash through her. His hands felt like heaven on her
waist and his lips felt as if they were sucking the essence out of her.
She felt her legs go under her, felt him tighten his grip to handle her
weight and then she felt his rock hard body pressing into her. Her arms
automatically went around his neck; her fingers were caressing his hair
and pulling his lips harder into hers. And a wave of raw lust like she
had never ever felt before hit her. She found her fingers unbuttoning
his shirt, and then opening his trousers. She felt his hands opening the
buttons of her nightie, and then he stepped away from her to lift it off
her head and she was in her bra and panties while he was in his briefs.
She felt her eyes drawn to his briefs and she could see the protrusion
of his cock through the briefs. Her eyes were riveted there. She was
flushed and she felt her hands move of their own accord straight to his
cock. She gripped it from outside his briefs unaware of anything else
except that cock behind the briefs. She felt her fingers go around and
she realized with a start that her fingers didn?t go all the way around
it. She was mesmerized at the sheer size of it. She quickly used her
other hand to pull the briefs down and as she bent down to remove the
briefs she knelt in front of it. Now her eyes were level with it and she
was inches away from it, staring at it with fascination. So huge. So
dark and pulsating. Even Rohan was amazed at the look of pure lust in
his Bhabhi's eyes. He felt empowered by it; his lust too grew because of
it. Here was his puritan bhabhi, who he knew, was not a really sexual
woman, absolutely worshipping his cock!

Radha still could not take her eyes of it. She moved closer to look at
this magnificent tool, throbbing and erect, in all its glory. She could
see the head peep out of the foreskin, with a small drop of precum at
the opening. She felt her tongue move out and lick it off and was
surprised at her own body. She had never liked the idea of a blow job.
She found cocks disgusting. Rohit used to lick her off, but she could
never bring herself to suck his cock. Now here she was, licking her
Devar's cock and loving the feel of the drop of pre cum, sticking and
slimy, on her tongue. She gripped the cock with both hands and pulled
the foreskin down, and she opened her mouth and put his cock to her
mouth but it wouldn?t go in! The head was too big! Then she felt Rohan's
hands on her shoulder and he pulled her up, and said, ?its ok! No female
has ever been able to give me a blow job. The head is too thick."

She again looked down at the cock and now as Rohan pulled her to
himself, she felt it slapping and throbbing against her cunt. She was so
filled with lust that she started rubbing her cunt against it. Rohan
pulled her to his bed and lay her down. He moved down to her cunt and
started licking it when Radha stopped him. "No Rohan, please. Just,
just..." she couldn?t go any further. Rohan understood that Radha was so
fascinated with the cock that she didn?t want any foreplay. She wanted
to own it. SO he widened her legs and got between them.

Radha saw the monster coming towards her cunt lips as Rohan spread her
legs. She actually felt her cunt loosen in anticipation, she knows that
she was totally wet and she could feel her juices running down the crack
of her ass and onto the bed. All she had in her mind was that cock. She
realized that she had turned into a perfect machine of lust. She loved
that cock. She didn?t want anything else. She saw the head rest against
her cunt lips and then she felt Rohan push. She thrust her hips up in
anticipation and then her world exploded.

She felt her cunt lips stretch to the maximum and then some more. The
skin around her cunt felt like it would tear and then she felt as if
molten lava had been poured into her cunt. It was as if a hot iron rod
was being inserted inside her. She felt the head traveling down her and
keep going and going till she felt as if it would come out of her mouth.
Finally, he was inside her fully and she was impaled on the cock. There
was no other word to describe what she felt. The whole inside of her
body felt full of cock. As the head hit her womb, she felt her body
tighten and then tighten some more and her then she felt herself coming.
She shuddered and rocked and shuddered and it just wouldn?t stop. Her
eyes were closed and her breathing was so ragged that Rohan was almost
worried. But her expression of pure joy allayed his fears. He had never
ever felt his cock entering any cunt so readily. He was amazed at the
kind of effect his cock had had on her but he was even more amazed at
what he felt once he was inside her. He felt as if, his cock was gripped
inside her cunt. He could feel every millimeter of her cunt around his
cock. He had never experienced a tighter cunt in his life. He felt her
muscles inside pulsate and understood that she had had an orgasm. He
gave himself up to the sensations he was feeling and just lay there
enjoying the pure bliss he was feeling.

They lay there, one feeling pure bliss, the other feeling pure lust and
a kind of consummation neither had experienced ever before. It was as if
their bodies were made for each other. His cock fit into her cunt like a
glove. Their bodies molded into each others like water on rock. Then
Radha's lust took over. She started rocking under him, first slowly and
then more urgently. Rohan picked up the tempo. He raised himself up and
then he pushed her legs up so that her knees were touching her breasts.
And then she started pumping her first slowly and then faster. Radha's
eyes were wide open and riveted on the massive organ going in and out of
her cunt. She looked in wonder at how stretched her cunt was and then
she felt herself cum and then cum again and again and again. She kept on
cumming and she almost went out of her mind with the pleasure and pain
that she was feeling. Her cunt muscles started to ache and then she felt
Rohan's cock expand even more. Her eyes widened and then she felt him
release his load inside her. As she felt that huge hot load pouring into
her, she felt her mind explode into a million pieces and she came one
last time in an intense mammoth orgasm which made her teeth chatter and
her eyes roll in their sockets. She came and she came and she couldn?t
breathe and when it finally stopped, she felt a blackness of relief
descend on her. Her mind was now enveloped in a white cloud of pure joy
as she felt Rohan slowly go limp inside her.
Even limp, he filled her.

They lay there breathing heavily. It hadn?t lasted more than 15 minutes
but she felt as if she had been fucked for 4 hours. Her whole body ached
from all her orgasms. Finally her breathing returned to some semblance
of normalcy and she got up to quickly dress. It was very difficult as
her whole body was still shaking and she felt very weak. But somehow she
managed. Then she looked at Rohan who was watching her dress with his
eyes half closed, gave him a shy smile and quickly walked out of his
room. Extremelyexperiencedman@yahoo.com


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *29404* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=6131>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=6131>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=6131>

