It wouldn't be good for Lukas to see this side of Michael. Brian even found himself shedding one or two tears, knowing what he was ready to do for Lukas at a time like this. 

"I'm sorry."

"Shut up"

"I'm such a pussy."

"No you aren't."

"Yes... I am."

"Says who? I'll kick their ass."

"No you won't."

"Yes. I will."

"I love you."

"Love you too."

"Are we even gonna try going back to work today?"

"I'm not. We'll be with Lukas until he no longer needs us, then I'm coming home to hold you for the rest of what's left of today."

Michael smirked, smiling against Brian's naked skin. "I guess that means I'm off, as well." 

"Sex always works best with you and me."

"Yeah... I heard that somewhere." Michael leaned back to look directly at Brian's features. Never had they looked more precious or handsome to him than right this second. "Is it wrong of me to be grateful you're standing here with your arms around me?" It was nice that Brian had put his arms around him. "That I can kiss you and you respond?" He kept his lips over Brian's, not sure if he should try kissing him or else they would get into some other kind of mess which would delay them longer.

"Yes. Because..." Brian leaned his brow in Michael's hair. “... I'm thinking the same thing.”

"We're terrible friends."

"No... we're human and happy to be alive. What's the harm in that? We just don't gloat in their faces, right?"

"Correct."

"Ben's gonna pull through." Brian brought his arms up to rest on Michael's shoulders, hands dangling down.

"Are you asking me or telling me?"

"Good question."

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Brian arrived at the hospital in record time. They already knew what floor they should be on. They jumped on the elevator as they bypassed the front nurse's station. Brian pressed the correct button. Michael huddled into himself, somber and quiet, a bit less talkative than he'd been in the car. Brian hovered over Michael, huddled into him, protective and watchful. They would be this way until they had to step off onto the prospective floor.

When they reached it, the doors flourishing open, Brian moved to place his hand at the small of Michael's back. He steered Michael to the specific unit, on the left.

There were easy hospital directions, with words and arrows, along the wall. Above the blue double doors, with little windows at the top, was the name "Critical Care Unit".

Michael paused on the wall right before the doors. "Can you see down the hallway, through the windows?"

Brian was tall enough to simply glance through those little windows at the top of the doors. "Yes. I can see him."

"How's he look?"

"Well... he's got his hands tucked into his jean jacket, like you do. His hair's kind of long and unkempt. Sexy, like usual." Brian rolled his hand about his chin. "His stubble is dark on his face. His feet... they're spread apart, you know, like he climbed off his horse. His hands are on his hips..."

Michael pushed Brian in the shoulder. "Quit it. You know what I mean."

"I do." Brian went to put his hand on the door handle. “I'm attempting lighten things up.”

"Uh... no." Michael held himself back, not able to move one more step forward past the double doors. "Wait... I don't think I can do this."

Brian stared in confusion. "Why?"

"I have no right to be here." Michael shook his head, rubbing his eyes with the heel of his hands.

"Neither do I." Brian snickered out.

"I'm not a part of Ben's life anymore."

"You're part of my life... and of Lukas expects you to come with me."

"You're closer to Luke than I am."

“How can you say that?” Brian furrowed his brow in befuddlement. "He practically took you under his wing when I got sick."

"He's always liked you more, though."

"Michael... Christ..." Brian shook his head. "... don't do this to me now."

"Do what?"

"Beat yourself over the head about Ben. He forgave you sooner than you did him. He was willing to wait forever, if need be."

"I guess Ben's 'forever' came quicker than he thought." Michael pushed back against the wall, covering his face. "I'm sorry... I just don't--I didn't mean to sound so crass... but... why? What's so special about me, huh?"

"You're fuckin' jokin', right?" Brian had to laugh outright, because sometimes it was so damn obvious to him.

"No. I'm not. I wanna know."

"You're a hard man to hate. Everyone likes you, no matter what."

"Okay. Fine. Nice. What else?"

"People can't stop wanting to be around you. I think it's your smile... your laugh or your eyes. Maybe it's the combination."

Michael dipped his head in shyness, blushing. "Why? I know lots of men like me."

"I don't... and you already know how many men I've been with."

"I still don't get my appeal."

"Because... you have this--there's more 'love' in your heart than any human being I've ever known. You may think you can be evil and mean, like everybody else... but it's not possible. Ever."

"Yeah... and?"

"You always have this peaceful, calming presence. Your heart on your sleeve, your emotions pouring out of your gorgeous brown eyes... you tend to keep all us assholes in check."

"There's more, isn't there?"

"With you... there's always more..." Brian bit the inside of his cheek. "It's your arms."

"My... ARMS?" Michael touched them, squeezing the different sections as he spoke. "My forearms? Biceps?"

"No. The entire arm as it connects to your shoulder joints and correlates to your chest muscles when you hold or embrace someone. Even complete strangers. There's something about the combination of that whole muscle contraction that brings the right amount of solace to anybody in them. Especially me. Your hugs should be marketed to the public. We'd make a killing and retire at forty. But see... I'm selfish. I want them only for my own."

“You can stop.” Michael rubbed a hand over his forehead. "I think I understand."

"Good. Can you tell me how to understand you?" Brian stood on the opposite wall, facing Michael, wanting nothing more than to be closer. He knew something was firing up within Michael to pour forth. What... he didn't know. "I'm always willing to loan you out to only the right type of people. Lukas happens to be one of those 'right type' of people. I think he'd do well to get one of your hugs."

"You feel that strongly about me... thinking I'd do Lukas some good?"

"You caught me on one of my off-kilter days.” Brian shrugged one shoulder. “I'm not normally this nice or kind, foiling my lover off on other men."

"Lukas is pretty special." Michael mumbled, still a bit mystified why he was here.

"I refuse to keep reminding you."

"You don't have to remind me. I already know."

"So why do you doubt his sincerity that there might be times he would need you? Or want you around?"

"I'm the dreaded EX. The old boyfriend that didn't last. The minute I step in there... it's like some god-awful gay melodrama. Six Degrees of Ben Bruckner."

"You are so adorable when you're catty."

"I'm right, aren't I?"

"Yes. You are not wrong, but you're being silly. Lukas never hated you once through our whole introduction to him. He liked you from the very beginning. Hell... he even took your side with Ben, time and time again."

"He, also, thought I wasn't the right man for Ben."

"Hey... guess what? Neither did I. Does that mean you're refusing to come back home with me tonight?"

"Brian, don't be ridiculous."

"Why am I the only one being ridiculous?! You're the one flipping out over nothing."

"It's not nothing if it's the way I feel, dammit! I don't negate your strange fucked-up psychosis."

"And... here we go..." Brian turned around to face the wall and bang his head on the surface.

"Look, Brian... maybe I should just--"

A cell phone rang. Both men went to check their belts and pockets.

It turned out to be Michael's and he opened his phone to check the LCD screen and his face went numb.

Brian sighed, opening his phone to call Lukas back. "You know..." He brought up the last number dialed to his cell, hitting the “redial” button. "... maybe we should have had this conversation a little earlier..." He put the extension to his ear, moving to look over at Michael as his phone rang again. Michael had never answered it. "... before we..." Hazel eyes squinted to realize how hesitant Michael was to pick up his own cell phone as if he was spooked into fear.

Michael's face had gone pale, brown eyes wide as he finally spoke. "Hello?"

Brian heard Lukas pick up by the second ring. "Yeah, Luke. I'm here... but I, uh..." He didn't like the looks crossing over Michael's face. "... hold on... something's not quite right with Michael..." He slowly approached Michael, watching the dark lashes fall on pale cheeks.

The sweet face crumbled... the dark head bowed and the sobs were being stifled.

" Yes... don't worry. I'm already here. " Michael lifted his head up, wiping at his eyes. " I can be there in five minutes. " His voice was hoarse, scratchy. " Yes... I'll be fine... I'll, uh, tell you when I see you... " He leaned on the wall. " ... shit... " His hand shook as he pressed the button to end his call. 

"Michael, wha--?" Brian was infiltrating Michael's space.

Michael rolled over, back flat on the wall. "Linds just called. Mel--she, uh... is in the ER." He stared down at his phone. "... we might lose the baby... I fuckin' knew it!!" He pounded his fist on his thigh, arching his head back on the wall, banging hard.

Brian heard Lukas in his ear, his face completely stunned trying to gauge Michael's emotions. "Yeah... I'm outside the door. I'll wait." He used his chest to hang up his phone. Michael was trying to escape. "Whoa!" He grabbed onto Michael's jacket. "Hold on! I'm coming with--"

“No... It's too much, right now.” Michael latched onto Brian's wrist. "Brian, it's okay. I'd rather be down there, and not--"

"Michael..." Lukas burst through the double doors, moving to stand beside Brian. Both men were now hovering over Michael. "... what's going on?" He glanced at Brian for answers, but only found Brian not moving his gaze, or his grip, off of Michael. "Brian, what--?"

“It's Mel... and the baby.” Brian spoke without once looking over at Lukas. "The bleeding she had last night must have gotten worse."

Michael raised a shaking hand to his forehead. "She's in the ER now. I gotta go." He tried to unclamp Brian's grip from his jacket.

Lukas narrowed sharp green eyes on Michael. "And the baby?"

"Dead." Michael muttered out quickly.

“Michael...” Brian rolled his eyes. "... that's not what you said they told you."

"It might as well be dead." Michael mumbled, he sagged in Brian's hold. "Please... just lemme go."

Brian only did so because Michael's face begged and his voice pleaded for release. "You can't run away from me or whatever you feel is chasing you."

Michael walked over to the elevator buttons. He pressed the down arrow several times. The elevator was too slow, hitting every floor but the one Michael was on. He turned to see the stairwell Exit. "I'd rather take the stairs anyway." He leaned on the handle bar on the door, looking over at Brian. "Come find me in the ER when you're ready to go home."

"Michael... don't go." Brian started for Michael, but realized that he was ready to bolt away if anyone came any closer. "Not like this."

Michael bowed his head. "I just--I can't be here. Not now. Not unless I know Melanie can pull through."

"And... the baby?" Brian crossed arms over his chest.

"There is no baby." Michael shut his eyes in bittersweet torture. For awhile... it was nice to think of himself as someone's father.

"Dammit, Michael... STOP. SAYING. THAT! You won't know until you get there." Brian knew his voice was sounding like he was angry with Michael, but he understood more than he let on. “Stop thinking the worst”

"It's better to hold onto that that to have everything I've ever wished for come to nothing. There was too much blood. If the mother is sick, there's a slight chance the baby's life expectancy decreases."

"The baby isn't premature, Michael.” Lukas tried to help some. “It can sustain life outside the womb about now. They can still save your baby's life."

"You can't be alone. I'm not--" Brian looked over his shoulder, getting permission to leave with Michael. "... Luke..."

"Fuck yeah! I'll go with you." Lukas was ready to climb down the stairs with Michael and Brian.

The elevator ding-ed and Michael slipped from under Brian and Lukas' need to follow him, and made it toward the opening doors.

"Please..." Michael held his hands out, his eyes desperate to say he didn't need any help right now. "... both of you. I am fine. Ben needs you." He gestured to Lukas. "Lukas needs you." He motioned to Brian. "And I ... will try to find my place downstairs, with Mel and Lindsay. Or whatever is left of me."

The doors were almost closing.

"Michael!" Brian stepped up to the elevator.

Michael put his hand out to hold the doors open.

"I don't know what the fuck this is that you're going through.” Brian placed each hand on both sides of the automatically closing doors to hold them open wide. “But no matter what you tell me, I'm coming to see you once Luke and I finish talking. Give you time to cool off... or down. Whatever."

“Why don't we go now, Brian?” Lukas sighed, shaking his head in perplexity. "I could use a bit of separation from this place."

"Because... right now... Michael doesn't need anybody." Brian didn't have to look directly at Michael to know this fact. He had been where Michael was at, too many times to count in his old life.

Lukas locked onto Brian's shoulder. "Brian... don't say that."

"It's true, isn't it?" Brian asked of Michael.

"What?" Michael raised teary brown eyes to Brian's wide hazel ones.

"It's all your fault." Brian could sense Michael doing those same tragic woeful things he used to do, three years ago. “Isn't it?”

"Huh?"

"Everything. All that we've been through. You and Ben breaking up... my cancer... your attempts at having a child with Mel failing... Vic's death... Ben getting sick... Mel and the baby's lives in jeopardy... all of it. It's God's way of keeping Michael Novotny in line. Waking you up to make sure you're doing right. Shake your life into something better. Keep you on your toes.” Brian narrowed his eyes in Michael's averting head and eyes. “Maybe trying to tell you I'm not right for you. We're not supposed to be together. And if we break up... or quit this, go back to being just friends... it'll all stop hurting so much..."

Michael blinked realizing he shouldn't take so much of the burden of bad luck. It seemed the easiest explanation because everything else he thought of... kind of sucked. "It was going too well, Brian. We knew something was bound to happen."

Brian reached out to touch Michael's face, caressing the flushed skin. "When did I suddenly become the optimist in this relationship?"

Michael clutched the hand then took it off his face. "Why didn't you tell me being a pessimist was so much easier? Keep expecting the worst... you won't be disappointed. There's also a better average of being right."

"I still love you." Brian leaned into the elevator. "You are all I will ever need. Nothing more." He finally stepped back.

"I know. And I'll never stop loving you... and sometimes wanting more."

The elevator doors closed.

Lukas stepped in front of Brian, his face stunned. "What... the fuck... was that? A fight? You didn't just break up, did you?"

“Newsflash.” Brian shook his head. "Michael and I never fight. We don't break up. Ever. We found out, recently, these last few years... we've almost changed roles."

"What did you two just, then? And was that an example of it?"

"Were you serious about not wanting to go back in there?" Brian gestured to the Critical Care Unit.

"Yeah. Why?"

"C'mon... I know a place we both might not mind being at to clear our heads."

"Lead on." Lukas was about to blindly follow, when he stopped Brian. "Wait... is it some place we can smoke?"

Brian chuckled deeply as he banged his body on the Exit door to the stairwell.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

"Ah! The roof. A man after my own heart." Lukas wandered to the ledge, pulling out his pack of cigarettes and lighter. He placed them on the flat cement, meaning to light up shortly, if his nerves got the best of him. "Fuck!" He leaned his elbows on the rough surface, looking out over the skyline of the city. "Day can't seem to get any worse can it? And it's barely half over." He looked at his watch to see it was pushing toward one o'clock in the afternoon.

Brian couldn't help but be preoccupied with Michael, what might be bothering him. He walked over to tuck his hands in his jeans, leaning his right side on the brick. He was also recalling the day he and Michael were up here, upon Gus' birth. Kind of an odd "full circle", except it seemed wrong without Michael here. He never wished he had kept his faith still locked tightly inside him more than now. Being a practicing Catholic was his mother's gift. "What happened, Luke?"

Lukas bowed his head, shaking his curls. "That damn, fuckin--the new medication." He rested his chin on his shoulder joint. "Even if we had stopped taking it, there was enough in his system to do damage. Basically all medications are trial and error, you know?"

Brian leaned over the ledge, like Lukas was. He wasn't quite up to scaling this one again, not sure he wouldn't fall off this time. "Like what? What kind of damage are we talking about?"

"Well... the first... was a nice, mild heart attack. Which, I'm thinking heart attack is a heart attack. Let's not pretty it up, whatever adjective you attach to make it seem less tragic."

"Is he awake?"

Lukas turned to stare ahead, chin in his palm. "He was when I finally arrived. But he..." He lowered his lids, blinking. It was as if he was seeing the actions all over again. "... they were trying to take some x-rays. When he collapsed, he fell hard. They thought he may have broken his hip or a bone in his thigh. Hairline fracture, even. Jamie... he, uh... became combative..." He finally turned away from the skyline, leaning his backside on the brick.

"Ben did?" Brian was shocked, standing tall.

"Yeah... they..." Lukas felt his eyes filling, he scratched at his stubble. "... they had to control him, tie him down before they sedated him." He shook his head, rubbing at his nape. "Jesus..." He covered his eyes with one hand.

"What's wrong now? Why is he in 'unresponsive, critical condition'?" Brian fed Lukas back the description he'd been told earlier.

"Because... the sedation they gave him... put him in a chemical coma."

"What?!" Brian stared aghast and confused. "Is it because of his HIV meds?"

"Yeah. Another gift of the new medication, coupled with the rest of his regimen. In and out of consciousness."

"Jesus Christ!" Brian had to turn away, looking to his right. He didn't even like Ben much, but he was still pissed.

"Fix one problem, find four dozen more. Isn't medicine wonderful?" Lukas reached for his pack of cigarettes, tapping out one stick. "At least Jamie will get the sleep he's been needing for a week now. I certainly haven't been able to cure his insomnia."

"And you?" Brian hopped up onto the ledge to sit, swinging his legs. He reached for a cigarette, as well. He grabbed the lighter, flicking it on to light Lukas' end.

"Me what?" Lukas puffed, blowing smoke from the side of his mouth.

"Luke... don't be obtuse." Brian talked with the cigarette dangling. He covered his hand over the end to light up.

"Jamie... is a walk in the fuckin' park compared to Danny. It's just..." Lukas leaned his hands back on the ledge. "... sometimes I think maybe I took too much on. Took too much of the burden with Danny, only because I thought no one else would. He certainly wouldn't let anyone near him. I thought it was a duty as his lover and partner in life. I also didn't want him to die, but--" He crossed his ankles, looking down at the surface of the roof. "Now, with Ben, I have not only myself, but Michael... and you." He puffed on the cigarette, squinting his eyes. "I can see that this road doesn't have to be so one-sided and lonely anymore."

"Shit! I'd love for you to believe that, but Michael's back to doubting his importance in your life. In Ben's life too."

"Again?" Lukas turned on his side to face Brian. "I thought we--"

"So did I, but something has brought it back into his brain, like a broken record." Brian put a hand to his chest to gesture to himself. "I used to do this. Which is weird. I'm getting better when tragedy strikes, Michael seems to be getting worse."

"Really?" Lukas wrinkled his brow in fascination, never having noticed one difference. "He's been such a rock."

Brian shook his head. "He can sink low just like you and I. Thing is... it doesn't look right on him. He scares me when he gets this way. I know what I used to do to cope, I can't see Michael doing any of that to himself." He puffed on the butt, looking up at the clear blue sky of mid-afternoon. "At least... not on my watch."

"It's why you stick by his side."

"It's what made him stick by mine. The reason why he never let go." Brian leaned forward to grip the ledge with his hands. "They tell you a ballpark figure how long this coma could last?"

"A few days... months... a few weeks and even years."

"Great." Brian grumbled, knowing now why he hated hospitals and doctors, in general. Always quick to offer "time limits" and percentages of recovery, as if they were mathematically accurate.

"Exactly." Lukas hopped up on the ledge, sitting beside Brian. "I knew this day would come. I kept telling myself I was prepared, but I'm not."

"What do you mean?" Brian furrowed his brow, wondering if Lukas meant he wouldn't sit here and watch Ben waste away.

"I thought, after Danny, I'd know what to do. But what I keep forgetting is... each case is different. Each patient is different. Same disease, whole other outcome. What broke Danny, won't ever hurt Jamie. What is hurting Jamie, never even touched Danny. I thought I could outsmart this disease. Instead, it likes to kick me in the ass and keep me on my toes."

"At least you always know to keep your expectations low." Brian reached out to softly punch Lukas' shoulder.

"Yeah... thanks." Lukas chuckled awkwardly. He slid back down onto the roof's flooring. He puffed on the cigarette, blowing the smoke directly into the air. "Take my mind off this crap, Brian. Tell me what you think is bothering Michael this time. 'Cause you and I both know... it's not whether or not I like him best.”

Brian began to have a funny taste in his mouth. He squished his cigarette out. "Has something to do with fathering... being a new father... or the fact of the baby, itself." He shook his head in utter perplexity. "I thought I was complicated." He threaded his fingers on his lap. "Something has infiltrated his brain, turned him hot-n-cold over this issue." He put his arms out, using one hand for each item. "When things are good, Michael's on the moon. He's buying out the toy stores and baby clothing departments. You should see this nursery. I find myself envious of this child, that's not even here, yet." He stretched out his left hand. "When things are bad... like what you witnessed downstairs... I feel him slipping away, falling into some self-imposed abyss of torture. As if he feels worthless. I fear he hits this odd depressive state I can't get him out of. So I think I help by letting him feel it. Except he wants to be near me, but hurt himself at the same time."

"He gets self-destructive?"

"Yeah... like this aftern-..." Brian didn't know if he should go into too much explanation of why he and Michael were having sex in the middle of the afternoon. So he fibbed, just a tad. "... last night, he's feeling something's wrong. He's upset and I can tell, because he's desperate for me to... fuck him. Harder and harder, like he thinks he needs to be punished for a bad thing."

"And asking you for rougher sex is a wrong thing to do?" Lukas let out a semi-smile. he knew what Brian was talking about.

"Hell no... but that's my job. To be the one who's rough and dirty. 'Sides, Michael has a stamina that matches mine, he never knows his limits. He's left himself so raw some nights... or days... and I refuse to touch him. Well, touch him in the sense of it leading to sex."

"It's why you don't want to leave him alone." Lukas nodded his head in understanding. "Danny would talk to me... about ending his life on his own. As if that would beat his disease. Show God who was more powerful. But soon... he was even too weak to attempt suicide. I could see him some days... as I changed him when he didn't know any better than to soil the bed... those eyes..." He demonstrated how they looked at him. "... begging me to kill him. Save his pride... his dignity. He knew I knew this was no way for a human to die. Even if it was a complete bastard like him." He scuffed the tip of his boot on the floor. "Do you think Michael holds too much importance on being a father? Or is it just the awesome responsibility of this baby... a new human life about to come into this world?"

Brian tucked his hands in between his knees, his mind thinking deeply. "No. To both. Michael has already shown he can be a father, with Gus. He holds some importance, but it's not the end of the world for him if he's not good at it. And the baby... it's more fantasy for him than anything. Once the baby is here, he'll be fine. He was this way with Gus, but not this bad. Of course it probably didn't help to have my negative ass poking holes in all his heavenly ideas about Gus and I being Daddy and son." He hunched his shoulders. "There's something in Michael that's switched... or turned off. It used to be there, with high hopes. Now it seems like do or die."

"Kind of like learning the truth about Santa or the Easter Bunny." Lukas snuffed out his cigarette, flicking the butt into thin air. "Great myths... de-mystified."

Brian squinted his eyes at Lukas. "What about Santa and Easter Bunny?"

Lukas let out a deep belly laugh. "Ah-ha! Good one! I needed that!" He liked watching Brian's handsome features broadly smile. "Seriously, though... has Michael learned much about his own father?" He slunk closer to Brian's side, pressing his elbow to Brian's knee.

"John Novotny. Medaled War Hero. Died in combat. Medal given in his honor... blah-blah-died before his son was born-blah-blah..."

“Think I heard that before.” Lukas nodded his head. "Could that be it?"

Brian shrugged, lowering his head in thought. "Could be, but I don't think it helps any that Vic's not here, either. It's like Michael wants... or maybe he needs that older male figure standing by his side to share the experience with him."

"How's his relationship with Debbie?"

"The usual. But somehow Michael's been able to gain the upper hand over her. He's shown her how much he's no longer her baby boy anymore. She tries, but the more she loses family members, the more she wants to cling to Michael."

"He doesn't want her clinging?"

"She doesn't 'cling', Luke. She smothers. She doesn't know how to stop herself sometimes. I'm fairly sure part of Michael and I not being able to be together was his own mother."

"I don't blame her. You're not my idea of the dutiful son-in-law, either."

"Oh... shut up...” Brian playfully shoved Lukas away. “She has become a bit subdued in some aspects. Finally realizing her son has grown out of her reach."

"Think Michael found a branch he didn't like?"

"What do you mean?"

Lukas shrugged his shoulders. "A man, no matter what age, learns he's becoming a father. Maybe he gets curious. He starts poking and prodding, asking questions about his Dear Old Daddy. Does he have any stories?"

"Stories? About John Novotny?" Brian furrowed his brow, finding he didn't know much else than what Michael did about the complete stranger who was Michael's father.

"Yeah. Like how John met Debbie. Where was their first date? Did they kiss and make a second date? Or was Michael created that first night? If it was a long relationship, when did John propose? Did he love Debbie to distraction or was the military all he thought about? Did John know Debbie was pregnant before he was shipped out? Did Debbie and John write one another while he was stationed in Vietnam?" Lukas shook his head, kind of befuddled that Michael had never been told any of this about his parents. "Every kid gets fed at least one or more stories, Brian. Even when the parents don't get along. I bet you know more about your parents than you care to admit, but... at least you got them, eh?"

"I never really asked. Wasn't something I was that interested in, until now. It never mattered to me who his father was. I mean... I felt bad the guy was dead because Michael practically worshiped the ghostly image, but I gave it to him. It was his fantasy before I ever arrived in his life. I had no business to press the issue."

"Maybe that's what has him so messed up. The fact as he becomes a father, himself, he discovers he doesn't know shit about his own. Or worse... he feels like he's left all alone, with no one to turn to for guidance."

Brian rolled his eyes. "Thanks, Luke."

"No. It's not even about you, Brian. It's him. You felt the same with Gus. You can't tell me you wouldn't have loved a real father as wonderful as Vic was... to stroll in and unburden you with the role as responsible adult, a time or two. Michael's got no one and nothing to fill that void. Doesn't matter how much you try to help him, you'll never be exactly who he needs.”

"You know... I've often wondered, that if this baby doesn't survive then Michael really learns to think he was never meant to be a father, at all."

“I can't help but feel...” Lukas situated his body to stand directly in front of Brian, blocking his view of the doorway. "... since it was difficult to have this child in the first place... Michael will never try again."

Brian nodded his head in agreement. "I've thought that, as well."

"Brian... did you look into Michael's eyes? Having this baby is... jesus... it's everything to him."

"Do you mean... more than me?"

~~TBC...