A Fine Lad - Part Two by Mack the Knife

Serino awoke first, and watched for long moments as Alicia slept in his arms. Finally, after perhaps half an hour of his patient observation, her eyes fluttered open and she smiled warmly at the young man. "Good morrow, Serino," she said.

He just kissed her, choosing not to speak. Alicia responded eagerly, returning the passionate kiss with equal fervor. "I'm truly a bit sore down there this morning," Alicia announced as their lips parted. "You'll have to go a little easier on me, next time."

A tiny smile on the young man's beautiful features was the only reply she received.

Serino slid out of the bed and started dressing. "I must get back to Emilio, he'll be setting up his stall soon."

Alicia's hand trailed after the boy as he stood up and dressed in his loose-fitting pants and equally loose shirt. They looked, for all the world, like hand-me-downs, a common enough sight. "I can't wait for tonight, stud," she praised as she sat up.

A broad grin formed on his lips. "Me either, lover," he said and kissed her, roughly, his fingers twining into her long, blond hair and pressing her lips against his with considerable force.

Their lips parted and he left the room, walking with a noticeable strut in his step.

Alicia soon rose and cleaned up the room, taking care to put the wig and dress in a small linen sack. She then dressed and slipped from the room, herself, headed back for the ship.

- - - - - - - - - -

"Ah, there you are, lad," said Emilio as Serino walked up the gangplank.

The young man smiled eagerly. "What am I to do?" he asked, trying to show a willingness to work.

"Well, actually," said Emilio, smiling at the youth apologetically, "I need you to dress like a girl."

Serino blinked at the merchant. "What?" he asked.

"We need to drum up a bit of business," said the Merchant. "We have our younger lads dress as girls and tell buyers at other stalls about how much better and lower priced our goods are."

"I don't kno. . . ." started the young man.

Emilio smiled again. "Look, it's not so bad, and spares you the hard work of setting up the tent and laying out the goods," he said. "We can't be seen together after you change."

The young man lowered his eyes. "Yes, sir," he said, sulkily.

"Come, lad. It'll be fine," said Emilio. "Think of it as acting, like on stage."

A weak smile formed on the boy's lips. "I'd rather play a man, really," he said.

"Well, today you'll be a girl," said Emilio, his voice stern and he handed the young man a small sack. Serino looked down into it, there was a brown wig with very long hair, almost as long as Serina had possessed once. There was also a long dress.

Emilio started pushing his hand cart down the gangplank, with the aid of a half dozen sailors, to keep it rolling down and across the dock, then into the bay.

The young man walked down the stairs to his cabin slowly, almost dejectedly. There was laughter from Guisippe's room, the sound of Ruglio's voice carried outward. "I swear, Guisippe, if you were much prettier, I'd roger you!"

Guisippe's voice rose then, also full of mirth and humor. "If you were any uglier, I'd roger me, too."

There were muffled sounds of scuffling after that. A smile formed on the young man's lips, and his mood improved. If his friends could do this thing, so could he.

He walked into the room and pulled the wig and dress from the sack. The dress was one of those long, cumbersome affairs with lots of frills. A 'going to market' dress, if ever Serino had seen one.

He stripped down and looked at the wig, his lips twisting with distaste. It was obviously used, and full of rats' nests. Not much for it, perhaps he could comb it out, he thought.

With a clumsy motion, he flipped the wig over his head, settling the mesh on the underside atop his short hair.

Serina then turned and lifted the dress, noting the pretty flower print that had been stenciled upon the cloth. "Not too bad," she said, slipping the dress over her head and settling it into place. It had draw-strings in the back that let her pull the bodice tight about her middle and chest.

She didn't really notice how she had pulled it tight, and how form-fitting it had become. A few more adjustments to how it sat and rode, and she began the slow task of untangling her long hair. She eventually dragged a brush from amid her belongings and began wrestling it through her hair.

Soon, she felt she was presentable, giving herself one last look-over. She opened the door, to find Guisippe and Ruglio emerging from their stateroom, as well. Ruglio stopped in his tracks and looked at her. "Damn, Guisippe, I believe he's prettier than even you," the younger boy said, appraising her. He reached out with one hand, toward her breasts, his fingers moving as if to grab.

Serina slapped his hand down. "I just got those looking right, don't you go messing them up," she said, in her natural voice.

Both of the lads looked at her. "Wow, you're good," said Guisippe, grinning. "That voice is damn well perfect." Ruglio nodded in agreement.

The three of them ascended the stairs, with the two young men swishing their behinds broadly from side to side. Ruglio so pronouncedly that his hip banged against the handrail with each step. "You're overdoing it a bit, there," she hissed. When Ruglio turned to grin at her, she returned the smile and he looked at her for a long moment.

"Be damned if you don't make a pretty fair girl," grunted Ruglio, shaking his head. "If not for your bedding Alicia, I'd worry to have you behind me."

She forced her voice deeper and reached out a hand to smack the boy in the back of the head. "Keep your horny eyes to yourself, I surely don't want me entering your mind when you grease your pole," she said, then added, "forty strokes," for good measure.

There were catcalls and jeers from the other sailors as the young men walked to the gangplank and a couple of them even reached out to grab a rump in passing. Serina, as the other boys did, just laughed and slapped at the hands groping her, and they headed off the ship.

Serina found she had a knack for dropping hints to potential customers about the quality and prices to be found at Emilio's stall. She plied the crowd, speaking a line here, dropping a reference there, and even directly stopping people who seemed to have just grown disgusted with one merchant or another who had products similar to Emilio's this trip.

Most of Emilio's goods, at least now, were Ghantian-made tinworks. Pans, hinges, nails, utensils, and other little goods made of cheap pot metal. He had some higher-grade goods, as well, which she was sure to point out to the more discerning customers.

She stopped to rest her feet for a few moments, and Ruglio plopped down beside her with a loud sigh. "These girl's shoes are killing me," he said, rubbing at his feet. "I don't know how you're not in agony, this is the first time I've seen you sitting."

Sarina shrugged, adopting a bit of the boy's mannerisms automatically. "Maybe it's those great lumps you call feet, they're a bit big for a woman's shoes."

Ruglio gave her a grin. "Well, you know, big feet. . ." he said.

"I've seen your prod, Ruglio, and it should be twice that size if your feet made a difference," she said.

"Aye," said Alicia's voice from behind them, "and Serino, here, should have feet so big he can't find a shoe." She had been sitting behind them, facing away and Serina had not even seen her. She was wearing subdued clothes again, as she was wont to do in port.

Serina smiled back at her. "If I weren't dressed as a girl, I'd kiss you, my dear," she said.

Alicia returned the grin. "I understand, my love," she replied. "I'll just get two later."

The rest of the day passed and she went to help Emilio pack up. He was grinning. "Good job, he said, very good."

She looked at his goods, and there was not really much to pack, he had sold much of it. "Thank you, Emilio," she said.

"I did so well, I'll let you have a free day tomorrow, unless you wish to accompany me to do some buying," he said, beaming at her. "Come to think of it, it might do you good, lad," he added.

They returned to the ship, where Ruglio and Guissipe were waiting in her cabin. They had managed to sneak a bottle of wine and were passing it back and forth. She walked in and sat on the small chair and took a pull from the bottle. "I can't stand this," said Guissipe, pulling the heavy skirt off. He was nude beneath it and Serina found her eyes drifting time and again to his organ, hanging there limply between his legs.

She wondered just how large it would become when he was aroused, but bit her lip to keep from smiling at the thought of how it had felt warm in her hand. She pulled her wig off, thinking it better if they did not think she was staying totally dressed.

An hour later, after much ribbing and picking, Serino chased the other boys from his cabin, calling mild insults after them. All three were a bit tipsy, but they were staying in port and had a free evening again.

He pushed his door shut and changed into his normal clothes.

Alicia begged off this night, as she had matters to tend, and would, if they stayed another night in port, get them a room again. Serino kissed her and said it was okay, and he would just go out with the other lads.

The three boys left the ship an hour later and made for a bar toward the end of the warfs, called the Silver Cord, a place frequented by both townsfolk and sailors, but reasonably quiet. "They've good music there, too, the innkeeper is a fair fiddler," said Ruglio. "Dancing almost every night."

Serino and Guissippe blinked at one another and both exchanged the thought of Ruglio dancing. That, alone, was worth the trouble of walking the whole length of the port.

When they got there, Ruglio was as good as his word. It was a nice little place, and the music was well-played, though there were long breaks between each song as the innkeeper tended his business. It was, otherwise, a quiet establishment, not lending itself by either size or atmosphere to rowdiness or trouble.

After they had mocked Ruglio one time too many on his dancing, Guissippe and Serino were obliged to dance to prove they had the right. Guissippe nudged Serino in the ribs. "That young woman over there, with the yellow hair, she's been eyeing you for over an hour, go ask her."

Serino looked and nodded. "I think I will, she's pretty," he said, standing. Guissippe stood a the same time and moved off toward a small knot of three girls, sure one would accept his invite.

The girl smiled as Serino approached. He bowed slightly and held out a hand. "My name is Serino, and I would dance with a beautiful maiden on this night, if she would grant me her favor," he said.

Her face lit up brightly at those words and she held out a hand, allowing herself to be lifted from the chair. "I am Aphilia," she said, "and I would be delighted, you silver tongued Rojando." The Innkeeper began playing "By the Moonlight", a slow song, using his fiddle as an impromptu violin.

They moved onto the floor and Aphilia pressed close to him. "You dance well," she said, looking up at him from a few inches away. "I'm glad you asked me to dance, I was hoping you would."

Serino gave her a smile and pulled her a little tighter to him. "I was trying to work up the courage to ask you," he said. "I get tongue tied around pretty women."

Aphilia blushed slightly and looked up at him through her feathery bangs. "I wouldn't have thought that from your very effective introductory words," she said.

He turned her about allowing her to spin out to full extension, then reeled her back in. "I had a whole hour to think on what to say," he said.

"You don't seem to have any trouble finding what to say, Serino Silvertongue," she replied as she pressed into him, far more forcefully than the dance demanded. He took that as an invite to let one hand stray from the small of her back and onto her skirt-clad backside a bit. Aphilia did not protest the change in touch.

The dance ended and the innkeeper left the little platform to serve out drinks and collect tabs due. "Serino, would you like to go for a walk, I feel the need for fresh air," she said, taking his hand.

Serino looked toward where Ruglio and Guissippe were sitting now with two other girls, the four of them laughing and seeming to have a merry time. "Sure," he said, giving Aphilia his arm and escorting her out the door onto the darkened warfs.

"You're with the merchants, then?" asked the golden haired girl as they walked down the planks, sanded smooth by thousands of feet.

"Yes," replied Serino, smiling and patting her hand which stroked his wrist. "I am an apprentice to a merchant."

The smile was returned to him. "You've very soft hands, Serino, I knew you weren't a sailor," she said, running her cool fingertips over Serino's own. "Your fingers are slender, too, like a musician's."

The young Rojando walked a few moments before saying anything in return. "I've played a few notes on a flute," he said.

She smiled wider. "I knew you played something," she said.

"And you?" he asked, looking down at the girl. "What is your tale?"

"Not much to tell, really," replied Aphilia, her blue eyes flashing in the darkness from reflected torchlight on the warf's edge. "I am the daughter of a farmer, and little more, really."

"No shame in that, Aphilia," said Serino, a twinge of something odd moving through him. "And you simply enjoy the dancing?" he asked.

Aphilia sighed deeply, then turned to Serino. "I must tell you, for it would be wrong for me to do otherwise," she said. Her expression was earnest and somewhat fearful. "I am to wed on the morrow."

Serino blinked. "Oh," he said.

"I was out to enjoy a last evening as a free woman," continued Aphilia in a rush of words. "Cravio is a good man, a good boy. But I wanted one last night out and to have a bit of - well - wildness - before becoming a farmer's wife."

Serino felt the shudder again, and his voice held a quaver when he spoke. "I understand," he said. "I will try to make the night memorable, then." He smiled at her, forcing it onto his lips. "What would you like to do, to make the night memorable?"

Aphilia widened her eyes. "I'll not name one thing which my wicked mind calls forth," she said. "Tempting as that might be." Her eyes moved over Serino, like she was appraising him. "However, will you sing to me, in Rojando?"

A long moment passed as Serino thought about her words, then nodded. "I will try, though I'm not much of a singer, really," he said.

They walked further along the docks and were now passing military vessels, moored and mostly unmanned, save for guards, who stood on the deck near the gangplanks, warming themselves by braziers.

He started singing, beginning in a low, quiet voice, but this song demanded no other kind at first. It was a song that Serino had learned as "The River Mourns Her", a sad song of love that could not be, and ended in tragedy, an ancient tale told many times in many places. In it's native Rojando, it still held a sadness of tone and melody that made Aphilia's eyes water and tears flowed by the end of it.

"I didn't mean to make you weep," said Serino after he sang the last bars of the song.

Aphilia shook her head. "It was wondrous," she said. "Your voice is beautiful when you sing."

Serino found the girl pressed to him, kissing him full on the lips. The girl clung to him with a force that drove the wind from his lungs and would surely bruise his lips.

"I'm so afraid, Serino," she said, breaking into tears and putting her head to his chest, though he was not truly much taller than she. "I fear the morrow, and the binding."

"You act as if you've known the lad all his life, though, surely. . ." started Serino.

She shook her head. "It's not that, he IS a good man, I know it, but I fear the things he will expect of me after the marriage."

"You mean loving?" he asked.

A rich blush suffused Aphilia's cheeks. "Yes," she said. "I fear it will hurt, or I will do it wrongly."

Serino took her face in his hands. "Just give the lad the passion you just kissed me with and I promise you, you will not do poorly, or even less than wonderfully," he said.

Aphilia looked down. "As you say, but you did not get aroused by that kiss," she said. Their hips were still pressed together and, surely, the girl did not feel any response from his nether region.

"I am jaded," said Serino. "It takes a girl more effort than a kiss and hug to rouse me."

The farmgirl gave him another wicked grin. "And what would it take, Rojando?" she asked.

"More than I will ask a woman on the night before her marriage," he said. Stepping back from her. "You and he will be together forever, and I'll not interpose myself on such a thing."

She blinked after him as he stepped further away. "Such honor," she said, stepping closer again. "If you would have me, I would allow it, you are such a wonder to find on this night of all."

Serino took her hand and began walking her down the warfs, toward the more populated commercial docks. "Such is an honor beyond that which I deserve," he said. "Save that for the man pledging himself to you forever, not a lad who seeks only a night's enjoyment. A girl like you is far too precious for that."

"The more you talk the more I desire to give myself to you," said Aphilia. "You should stop while I still have the will to not pounce upon you."

"Walk with me," said Serino. "I will still my tongue and we will enjoy a last night of your freedom, before a lifetime of satisfaction as a good wife."

They did just that, walking until the moon was high in the sky and the taverns along the dock began to discharge their drunken lingerers. They were near the Silver Cord, where they had begun the night, when the two other young ladies came running up.

"We worried for you, Aphilia," said the first. "But Ruglio said that Serino was honorable and you were perfectly safe."

She gave Serino a long look. "I was only unsafe in my own heart, Cicilia," she said. "Serino was a utter gentleman."

They parted with a chaste kiss on the cheek from Aphilia, though Cicilia gave Ruglio a much warmer gift upon parting.

As the three girls moved off toward the main bulk of the town, Aphilia looked over her shoulder several times, and waved at the last before they were lost around a corner.

"Well, Serino," said Guissippe, "we find that not only Alicia finds you irresistable." He put a hand on Serino's shoulder and squeezed.

"We just walked," said Serino. "She is to wed tomorrow." His voice was little more than a whisper as he stared at the street the girls had disappeared down.

"All the more reason to get a fling in quickly, just to have had one, if for nothing else," said Ruglio.

"Ruglio," said Serino, "you have much to learn of girls."

The three boys started for the Queen, each leaning on the other and laughing. "Who is the one who got the real kiss, hmm?" asked Ruglio, laughing. "You barely got a cheek warmed."

"What would you say if I said that Aphilia offered me her innocence?" asked Serino, looking askance at the boisterous young man.

"I would say you're full of bilge, I would," said Ruglio.

They turned onto the dock where the Queen lay moored and Ruglio turned to Serino. "She didn't did she?" he asked.

"No, Ruglio, I was just having fun with you," replied Serino and laughed, putting a hand on each other boy's shoulders and leading them up the gangplank, past Roric, the sailor on port watch.

Roric's hand shot out and grabbed Serino as he walked past, causing him to stagger to a stop. All three young men turned to regard the middle aged sailor, who released Serino and smiled. "Good work, lad," he said. "You've got a lord's blood in those veins, from what I saw."

"Thanks," said Serino, blinking, but coming to a natural smile. "I try."

The three lads went belowdecks and Ruglio and Guissippe peered past Serino as he went into his cabin, hoping to catch a glimpse of Alicia. The room was dark, however, and they could not tell for sure. He closed the door behind him and leaned back. "Are you here, Alicia?" he asked.

There was no reply and he sighed. It was late, and a perfect time for a quick bath. In the wee hours, there wold be no one else.

Gathering up his bathing supplies, namely a towel, rag, and back brush, he headed for the bathing room, near the aft end of the ship.

It was dark within, but light poured in through the window, enough to see, at least general outlines of the walls and the surface of the water. Serino pulled off his shirt then pants and Serina slipped into the water. It was still somewhat warm. Clever vents and baffles carried heat from the cookfire past the bathing tub, or a portion of it, to keep the water warm, if not hot, when the cook was truly cooking.

A deep masculine voice came from the other side of the tub. "I usually come this late to be alone," he said. "Who's that, anyway?"

"It's me," said Serina, trying to sound masculine, "Serino."

"Ah, well, then, nice to finally meet you, even if in the dark, and in the bath," she heard water splash and reached out a hand, finding another in the darkness before her. The fingers were thick and strong, one of the sailors. "I'm called 'Stalker' by the other ship hands." he said, "on account of I like to go hunting when we put in for more than a day or two."

She laughed nervously. "I was rather expecting to be alone, too," she said, "I'm new to bathing where others might be."

Stalker returned the laugh. "I understand that, it took me a long while to get used to other men in the bath," he said.

Out on the deck, the gangplank guard moved, carrying the lantern with him and the light shifted around the room a bit. She could now see the sailor's face in the dimness. He was huge. She had seen him before as he worked on the deck and even in the rigging, and always wondered how such a massive man could move amid the ropes so well.

He was sitting on the top tier of the several steps of the bath and shaving his head. "You shave in the dark?" she asked, almost forgetting to deepen her voice. As it was, it simply sounded like surprise.

"I can feel the hairs easy enough, and it's not like there's anything to run into with the razor on top of my head," he replied.

Serina's eyes were drawn down to where a patch of almost pure light landed in his lap. His organ lay across his leg, quite literally, it must have been over three hands long and massively thick.

She found her eyes could not prize themselves from that organ, and she slipped deeper into the water, in case he could see in return.

"You're a quiet one," said Stalker. "If you would rather I shut up?"

"No, not at all," said Serina, "I'm just deep in thought, I had a busy day."

Stalker laughed again. "I saw the three of you in those girls' get ups," he said. "You three looked just like boys dressed as girls."

Serina forced a laugh to join in his chuckling. "Yeah, we probably did," she agreed.

"We had a girl merchant on the ship once," said Stalker, "a really pretty one."

"Oh?" asked Serina.

"Yeah, she was a beauty, too, tall and slender, with long legs," she could see his teeth flash in the dim light. "Her hair was long, almost to her waist, and she had the softest hands."

Serina blinked at the darkness. "Soft hands?" she asked.

"Yeah, we were lovers for a very short while, she was something," she could hear his eyes grow distant with memory. "Soft hands and a body that writhed like a snake."

With a start, Serina realized she was staring at his prick again. It no longer lay across his leg, but stood upright with an arousing memory. It reached well past the big man's belly button and had grown even thicker.

Stalker must have thought it unseen, as his hand was touching the head and shaft lightly. Serina wondered what it would feel like to touch the organ. Her own stomach and lower, was full of odd sensations and warmth.

She found sailors were far more forward than she would have thought. "Look, Serino, I'll tell you so you can leave, but I come here to pleasure myself before bed, too," he said. "Just a warning, since some people are bothered by it, and some aren't."

"I don't mind," she found herself saying, automatically.

"Thanks," he said and she watched as his hand went around the thick shaft and began stroking it in long, slow motions. "I'll not get it in the water."

"Get what in the water?" she asked before she thought.

There was a momentary pause in his stroking. "You can't tell me you don't know," he said. "I've heard you and Alicia have already made fond company."

She stammered a moment. "Oh, spend," she said. "Not spend into the water. I see, yeah, thanks for that." She felt her cheeks redden in the dark to the point she was sure he could see them glowing.

He continued the slow stroking, though he did seem to be speeding up. His breathing became a bit ragged as he went on. She had to force herself to breathe normally, as she could hear her own growing ragged itself.

A tiny moan escaped her lips as she blinked and looked over at him. She had forgotten herself for a moment, and had a finger rubbing over her own privates, timing her motions with Stalker's stroking on his cock.

"You, too, hmm?" asked Stalker, grinning at the darkness. "I suppose it saves on chit chat."

She forced herself to stay silent but her finger did not leave her clit, rubbing faster and harder even as his fist moved up and down his cock faster and with more urgent motions.

He grunted as he climaxed and she saw semen shoot up onto his belly and chest. She had not imagined it came forth with such force and was quite wide eyed, staring.

After three long, ropy jets came out, his stroking slowed. "Damn, I needed that," he said, picking up a rag and wiping himself clean. He rinsed the rag in a small bucket of water and climbed out of the pool. "I'll leave you to your end of it, lad," he said and walked out of the bathing room.

She finished her bathing, her mind thinking on the ivory phallus in her room. It was not nearly as large as Stalker's cock had been, but it would work, wouldn't it?

Serina could not chance being seen by another crewman in the lit corridor, even at this hour, and dressed, pulling on pants and a shirt. Just as well, as Serino passed two sailors, drunk, but still conscious, when he went to his room.

- - -

Emilio let him sleep in the next day, not waking him until almost three bells past dawn. "Come on, lad," he said, "we've supplies to go buy, those folks almost cleaned me out yesterday."

Serino staggered out of bed, blinking and rubbing his eyes. "Well, at least I can wear my normal clothes today, then," he said and was rewarded by Emilio's chuckling outside.

"You can wear the dress, but some of the crew might think you want a change in how they look at you," said Emilio as he walked down the corridor.

Walking onto the sun drenched deck, it took Serino a moment to figure out what was wrong. It was sunny, not threatening to rain, which it had been the last two days. Emilio had hooked the old mule, Lump, to the harness of his little cart and was waiting for Serino. "Come on boy, time's wasting," he yelled.

Their first stop was a place which traded in leather goods. As the two merchants haggled with one another, yelling, cursing, and accusing each other of everything short of worship of the Dark One, Serino looked about the place. He nosed into the bins of raw leather and at the drying racks for recently dyed goods.

A slight person caught his eye. It was a girl, she was shorter than Serino by almost a head, and moved back out of sight as Serino looked. He saw a large, slanted and silver eye returning his gaze from behind the next rack.

Serino tried a smile and said a friendly hello. The girl smiled back and Serino felt his heart twist almost full around in his chest. She was beautiful beyond words and he found himself not breathing.

An elf.

When he felt his muscles unlock, he moved quickly to the end of the racks and came around to the next. She backed up a step, looking a little nervous, but not quite running. "Sorry," he said, whispering, as if afraid he would startle her speaking normally. "I just wanted to say hello."

She put one leg forth and bowed at the waist until her upper body was pressed to that outstretched leg, her arms crossed over her chest and she said, "Greetings, I am called Evethlis," she said.

He watched her bow and tried to give one in return, Rojando style. He knelt until one knee touched the floor and he pressed one fist to the floor while putting his right hand over his heart. "Serino Del Vago," he said, "at your service, milady."

She giggled at that, though it was not mocking, but pleased. "Well met, Serino," she said. He liked the sound of her laughter and the look of her eyes when they sparkled silver, glittering at him.

"I've never met an elf," he said, deciding that he shouldn't be coy about such.

Evethlis looked at him with an odd expression. "And you have yet to do so, then," she said. "For I am half human."

Serino blinked then broke into a wide smile. "Well, there is little difference, then, for they say elves are beautiful beyond telling."

The girl blushed at that and looked over his head. "Well, Serino Del Vago, Rumanurandim, you honor me with your kind words."

It was not until that moment that Serino realized how little of her skin the skirt and half-top she wore covered. He looked down at her body, though she did not seem to mind, as she seemed to be doing the same.

A rich masculine, but musical voice came from behind Serino. "Eveth, we should be going," he said.

Serino turned to see an elven man standing before him. He stared as the man appraised him, measuring him by some unseen rule. What the man saw, he did not say, but he did not seem upset. "Perhaps you will see your new friend again, some day."

Evethlis gave Serino a tiny head bow as she cast the smallest of glares at her father. "I hope we see one another again, Serino Del Vago," she said.

No sooner had the elven man and the lovely half-elven daughter moved out of the racks and toward the door when Emilio found him. "There you are boy," he said then looked over Serino's shoulder and shook his head. "I warned you, lad, stay away from elven gels."

"But she is so pretty," he said. "And she's a half-elf, not an elf."

"My boy, half elf doesn't mean half the heartache," said Emilio. "She'll just break your heart with the elf maiden, then again, with the human woman."

"Master Emilio, do you know any elven?" asked Serino. 

"A little, lad, why? Did her father curse at you?" he asked.

"No," replied the lad, "she called me Rumanurandim, though. Is that good or bad?"

Emilio blinked at the doorway. "Both. Doubly guard your heart, lad, she thinks you charming."

- - -

They returned to the Queen with the cart laden down with leather and jars of honey. The sunny weather did not hold and it was pouring as they stumbled back onto the ship after parking the mule and cart under a dock shed.

"Market rained out," complained Ruglio as he sat under a patch of sailcloth stretched over the deck, forming a tent of sorts for most of the lower area. "Master Gurillas is mad enough to chew through the decking."

"Where's Guissippe?" asked Serino as he sat next to Ruglio, shaking the water off his oilskin cloak.

"He disappeared into the town, something about that gel he met two nights ago, I think he named her Juanita," said Ruglio. "He's been mooning about her since. I was surprised to get him out to dance last night, the way he was carrying on."

Serino thought about that for a bit. "Well, he'll either find her or get over it, yeah?"

"I suppose, he gets like this sometimes," said Ruglio, waxing philosophical. "I'm not sure he's cut out to be a merchant, he sometimes seems ready to marry and settle down."

"You're a good friend, Ruglio," said Serino. "Guissippe is lucky to have you, even if you can't stop touching yourself."

Ruglio gave him a wicked grin. "If a gel would just do it once in a while, I'd stop," he said. "But I've yet to find a willing helper. What would you know of that, with Alicia keeping your horn drained every couple of days, hmm?"

Serino gave him a patient smile. "That's not been most of my life, Ruglio," he replied.

"I know, but it sure happened fast, didn't it?" asked the younger boy.

"I suppose it did, at that," replied Serino with a distant look.

"Hail the Dark One and you get what you seek," said Ruglio, pointing down the docks. Alicia was dodging puddles toward the ship from the cobbled streets beyond the wooden slats of the docks. They both watched as she approached and came running up the gangplank, slamming into Serino as he stood. "I missed you," she said excitedly and kissed him.

He returned the kiss and put his arms around her sodden waist, feeling the cold water of the rain on her long hair rubbing his neck. "I missed you, too, Alicia," he murmured into her thick mane, inhaling the scent of mixed soap and jasmine he found there.

She grabbed his hand and led him below deck and pushed open his cabin door. Serino followed her with a smile and pushed the door shut. Alicia pinned him to the door again, kissing him and running her hands over his body. "I really did miss you," she said as she came up for air, parting the kiss. "Make love to me."

Her voice was deep and husky and Serino found himself wanting to please her. She was his woman, after all. He leaned forward, moving his hands over her round, firm rump and squeezing them hard. Alicia gasped and pressed into him.

The passion had gripped Serino and he abandoned all pretext of control on himself. With a pull, he had Alicia's shirt up and over her head and leaned down to kiss the tip of one round breast, topped with a dark brown areola. Then he sucked the nipple as hard as he could, eliciting another gasp from Alicia. "You are excited," said the woman, a growl entering her voice.

Serino stood, pushing her back and pinning her to a wall. "Very," he growled kissing her again as he pushed one hand down her flat, muscular stomach then through her thick patch of dark pubic hair to tickle the nub of her clit at the front of her entrance.

Alicia sighed and let Serino have her, parting her legs and pulling at the drawstring that held her pants up. They slid to the floor and she slowly stepped out, not wanting to disturb the efforts of the lad's busy hand or mouth, which had moved to her sensitive neck.

The Rojando began kissing down from her shoulder, over one breast, then down her belly. "You're sure?" she asked as he trailed kisses over her pubic mound, her fingers running through his short-cropped hair.

Serino buried his face in her groin, driving his tongue deep into her. Alicia felt her knees go weak and groaned, "One's blessing, I've wanted that a long while," she said between clenched teeth. Her hands pulled hard on the hair, pressing his face into her and urging him to more aggressive mouthing of her cunt.

Alicia cried out, pulling hard on the hair and pressing her shoulders to the wall to arch her back and push her crotch at Serino. He eagerly responded, moaning himself as he lapped harder and faster and che came, climaxing hard and felt a rush of wetness flow from herself. Serino pulled back, smiling. "I've wanted to do that a long while, too," he said.

The tall sailor woman pulled him up by his hair and kissed him, tasting herself on his tongue and the two fell to the floor slowly sprawling and entwining their limbs. Serino's fingers fumbled for his knapsack for a moment, then he moved atop her, pulling down his pants and with a single, powerful thrust he entered her.

Their bodies moved together and his one free hand roamed over her neck and shoulder, caressing her as his lips echoed the movements on her other side. His cock filled her and she felt it pushing deep. Her own body moved of its own accord and writhed and squrmed to achieve this angle or that of his entries.

Sweat beaded on Serino's body as he rammed himself into her and he felt her strong body tighten under then release all at once. She screamed, as if releasing all her air in one massive release of sound, along with it.

He pulled from her and sat back on his heels, smiling down at her as she panted and smiled up at him in return. "My lover," said Alicia, stroking his smooth cheek. "Few have pleased me nearly as well."

Her legs kept rubbing together as the delicious after sensations flowed through her and Serino leaned over her sweat cooling body and kissed her. "I only wish to please you, my darling," he whispered into her ear, each breath sending thrills up her spine.

Serino emerged from the cabin later and found they were making ready to sail. The rain had let up and the crew was running about performing the last preparations. "Master Emilio, what about your cart?" he asked.

"We pulled it aboard while you were - indisposed - with Alicia," he said. "I don't have the heart to force new lovers apart. Give it a week, and I'll bang on your door and tell you to wet your rod another time."

Serino smiled. "Thank you, Master Emilio," he said. "You're kinder than I deserve."

"I know, lad, I know," replied the old merchant, giving the lad a hearty pat on the back. "Besides, she's the best sailor of the bunch, and it pays to keep her happy," he added, pointing up into the rigging where Alicia danced like a spider in her hemp web. She seemed to be in three places at once, pulling on the same line she was rigging at that moment.

Emilio handed him a big, thick book and a writing box, which would contain quill and ink, along with some other items. "I want you to go below to the hold and inventory everything in my section, lad. It's high time you learned some useful skills."

He took the items and headed below, smiling up at Alicia one last time.

The work was tedious. Opening each crate and tallying exactly what and how many of things were in them. He checked them off against a master manifest and against Master Emilio's ledger. He had not been shown how to do this, but he did it as it seemed to need doing. If he did it wrongly, he was sure Emilio would make him do it over.

It was also harder work than he would have, at first, supposed. Prying open the crates took some effort, and many were heavy. Something in the tanning of the leather left an acid, or something akin, on the skins, too, and his hands were red and raw when he was done, and he had acquired a few splinters in each hand.

Ruglio and Guissippe were dicing in the hall when he came up and complained to them. "Damn, you'll get a rot in those if you don't get the splinters out," said Ruglio.

The lad tended his hands, using a sharp knife to cut the splinters out of his palms and then rubbing his hands down with some sort of salve. "This is for when it's really dry out for a long time," said Guissippe. "The skin gets red and hurts from the dry sometimes out on the water."

"Thanks," said Serino. "I'll get more salve next port."

Once at sea, he had little to do. It was after midnight when he found he could not sleep and Alicia was snoring softly beside him, their bodies pressed together in the hammock. He had become more adept at getting into and out of the thing and managed to slip out without even waking the woman. Pulling on his pants and shirt, he walked barefoot up onto the nightwashed deck.

Emilio was up there, staring at the full moon.

"Master Emilio, you couldn't sleep either?" he asked.

"Oh, hello lad," said Emilio. "No, when you get old you find sleep dearer to find and does less to make you feel refreshed, too."

Serino nodded and leaned on the railing next to him. "Did that elf girl really think I was charming?" he asked. "Or was she making fun of me?"

"No, lad, she did like you," said Emilio. "And more's the pity, she'll always remember your face. Lucky for you, she's too young yet, from what I saw, only twenty or so."

"Twenty?" asked Serino.

"Aye, boy, elves, even half elves, live a long while and grow only slowly," said Emilio. "She'll not be of age until she's near thirty."

Serino blinked at the sky over the ship and the millions of stars that twinkled down upon them. "I've much to learn, Master Emilio," he said.

"Aye lad, but you seem to be enjoying the learning, and that's important," said the merchant.

Serino went back to his cabin to find Alicia sitting up and watching the door. "I wondered where you'd gotten off to," she said. "Thought you might be sneaking off with that Guissippe lad again."

There was a hint of jealousy in the woman's tone, but Serino just smiled. "No, lover," he said. "I'm yours aboard ship."

"Well, he does offer something I can't give, you know?" said Alicia. "I'll not hold you to my bed alone, but expect the same of you."

Serino thought a moment on that. "As you wish," he said. "I'll not argue with one so free with affection to me."

"I'm still sleepy, though, my stallion, I think I'll bed down again, unless you're coming?" asked Alicia.

"Not just yet, dearest," said Serino, picking up his towel and washcloth and headed for the bathing room.

He entered the little chamber and heard a splash. "Another night bath?" asked the deep voice of Stalker.

"Yeah," said Serino as he pulled off his tunic. "I like bathing most every day, as it seems you do, too."

He pulled his pants off and folded them neatly and slipped into the water.

Serina wondered why she had come this late, knowing Stalker would be here. She was nervous, of course. She was nude, a second time, with the big, muscular sailor. Only water separated them.

"We keep meeting like this, and people might talk," said Stalker, his eyes gleaming in the moonlight coming in through the window.

Serina leaned back and sighed. "They talk about me already," she said, trying to sound casual and at ease with the matter.

A deep chuckle emerged from the dimness. "They talk of you because they like you, lad," he said. "You're likable. Quiet, humble, not afraid to ask questions of those who might know the answer."

Serina gave that thought. She supposed that everyone on the ship had been free with smiles when it came to her, and loose with their tongues.

"That Alicia has been wafting on clouds since you came aboard is further goodwill, if you'll believe it. She's liked as well, and to see her happy gives the rest of us pleasure, even if half of us sought her bed ourselves." He spoke softly, as if he might well be one of the half who did seek Alicia's company.

"I don't know what I did to deserve her attention," said Serina, shrugging uselessly in the darkness. "I was just nice to her."

Another deep chuckle marked the darkness. "And that may have been enough, for you," he said. "I find myself liking you, too, even though I wonder at your habits at night."

"Wonder? Why?" asked Serina, worried in a sudden moment and having to work hard to avoid letting her voice range too high.

"Lad, you're new on ships and with those who man them, so I'll speak blunt, and hope you don't take it amiss," he said. "There are many men on ships, and women, as well, who care little if their bedmates be man or gel. The sea is a dangerous living, if profitable, and we take solace in whatever little pleasures we can glean until we go home."

"Man-lovers?" she asked, having heard the term used as an insult amid the young men of the farmsteads.

"No," said Stalker, his voice firm. "But they will love a man, if none else can be taken. People don't trust sailors, and will rarely give them the time needed to prove their worth as friends or lovers. The ones who become lonely enough and desperate enough will take anyone that will touch them, and trust them a bit. Crewmates in other words."

Serina swallowed. "It must be a hard life," she said.

"It is," replied Stalker. "But we can usually count on retiring by forty, with enough money to live in comfort for the remainder, so it isn't without reward."

"Do you have a wife at home?" she asked.

"Yes," said Stalker. "I get to see her two or three times a year, usually, sometimes more."

His voice had acquired that distant sound as it had when he spoke of the female merchant.

"But you say that my coming to the bath late at night may attract talk," she said, suddenly very concerned with where their conversation had been going.

Stalker was silent a long moment. "Knowingly meeting someone in the bathing room is oft a given sign that you are interested in being with them," he said.

This time, it was Serina who sat silently for a while. "I didn't know," she finally said.

"I know that, lad," said the sailor. "That's why we're talking."

"I didn't mean to make you think. . ." she said, hastily.

Stalker chuckled again. "You didn't, but I thought I should warn you, for later, and with others," he said.

"I mean, I did come, knowing you might be here," said Serina, unsure why, exactly, she was still speaking. "But I thought to talk."

"A bathing room is an odd place for idle banter, Serino," said the sailor, with a hint of accusation in his voice. "Though I'm surprised with Alicia keeping your hammock warm."

She blinked at the darkness, worried and frightened. "I should go, then, I. . ."

"Go if you like," said Stalker. "I'm a easy going man, and I'll not badger you for favors, lad."

Serina was half out of the water. "But you would accept them?" she asked, then flinched as she heard what she had said.

The chuckle returned. "Just to talk, eh?" he asked. "That was no 'just to talk' question." She could hear a tension in the man's voice that had not been there a moment before.

She slipped further out of the water and stood on the smooth-sanded planks of the floor. Her eyes saw only dim shadows, and she hoped he only saw the same when he looked toward her. "It may not have been, honestly, but I must think on what you've said," she said.

He nodded, a motion she barely made out. "You do that, lad," he rumbled, a smile flashing in the dimness. "I'll not mention it again. As I said, I like you, interested in such or not."

She pulled her pants on, and Serino gave Stalker a soft good night, nervously, still buttoning his loose shirt up as he left the bathing room. He slipped back into the cabin and into his hammock, where Alicia immediately pressed to him, murmuring something in her sleep.

- - -

Serino and the other two lads were set to scraping paint the next day on the gaudily painted aft castle of the ship. They would dangle over the side in wooden-seated chairs, from long ropes tied to one unused spar that was run out over the back end. A second rope, very long, was coiled on the deck and tied to their middle, in case they fell off, at least they could pull themselves back to the ship, if they did not drown.

"I heard you giving it to Alicia last night, Serino," said Ruglio. "It was like music to fiddle to."

Guissippe laughed. "And Ruglio played the fiddle like a virtuoso to that accompanyment," he said. "Still, it was loud enough, lad, you two should be more respectful of your neighbors."

Serino blushed at their bantering jibes, but thought he might speak to Alicia regarding how loud they made love.

His muscles ached from stem to stern as he ate supper in the mess, in front of the boiling kettles of Grinder's kitchen. He saw Stalker sitting with several other sailors, eating his own supper. He was a good looking man, with shoulders so broad that he seemed almost two normal men. In the dark, it was easy to forget his size. From time to time, he noted that Stalker was looking at him, too.

Alicia protested soreness again that night and only wished to kiss and play a bit. Serino acceded to her request, but with some pouting on his part. 

The ship was making for the Shires of Syriss, and would not put to port for almost a week. She had never been shipboard at one stretch so long, and it seemed a very long time indeed. "We once ran from Coghland to the Windy Isles, almost two straight weeks of hard sailing," Alicia had said with a dreamy expression. "We made a lot of silver that run, we did."

Serino decided to not go to the bathing room in the wee hours that night. The urge to do so was there, as before, but he resisted it. He knew if he went, Stalker would have expectations of him. He had been warned.

The next day went much the same, thought they now worked the aft port area and the talk was of girls in port and of little side moneys they hoped to earn, squeezing some sellable freight into their cabin.

"You're allowed to do that?" asked Serino.

Guissippe stared at him. "It's a merchant ship, Serino," he said, "you're half expected to try to scrimp a bit of extra money as you can."

She had a few marks and decided, once they got to the Shires, she would try to buy some freight to sell when they arrived in the next port. She had more spare room than the two of them, sharing a room, did.

Alicia ammended that idea, though, when he brought it up to her. "I'll just move my things here and we can use my whole cabin," she said. "It's not quite as large as yours, but it can be stuffed full if no one is using it as a room."

The idea of Alicia formally moving in with him was rather unnerving, but not objectionable, as they had been sleeping in the same hammock for days. Even the rumors and jokes had died down as the crew accepted their union with one another.

Instruction in languages had proceeded, as well, and Serino was finding himself a quick study, picking up more Ghantian and some Syrisian, as well. Emilio began speaking of his learning Coghlandish next, and then some elven.

That night, he was very sore and had played Kings' Cross too late with Guissippe, losing two out of three games. He thought of a hot bath and quickly dismissed it, assuming at this late hour, Stalker would be within.

Alicia was already asleep, snoring in a very ladylike fashion and Serino sat at his little desk. He looked at his towel and rag, then toward the bathing room. He really did need a bath, but knew Stalker would be there, and if he came at this hour, would have expectations of him.

A short debate raged in his head and he found himself wanting to go to the bathing room, despite his better judgement. It was like a part of him wanted to be with Stalker. He fought it back and got into the hammock and lay beside Alicia. The clean smell of her hair and skin made him think of the sweat and smell he must have after two days scraping the hull and not bathing.

That small part of himself protested again, saying that Stalker's company would not be bad, and might be pleasurable, as well.

He rose from the hammock and picked up his towel and rag. "One protect," he said as he padded into the corridor and down toward the bathing room.

It was cloudy out and almost no light entered the darkened bathing room. He stripped down, not trying to be quiet and slid into the water.

The lack of anything being said to her made her wonder if, indeed, anyone else were in the bathing room. She moved about the water a bit, reaching out with her hands. She felt flesh and the other shape jumped. "What, who?" asked Stalker's voice, much to her relief. If it had been another crewman, she would have fled, naked or not, back to her cabin. "Oh," said the massive sailor, breathing heavy and smiling. "You gave me a hell of a fright, I suppose I drifted off."

"I suppose you did," said Serina, her heart thudding with surprise as well. She was unable to keep some flutter from her voice, despite trying to sound calm.

"You thought on what I said the other night?" he asked, relaxing back and moving in the water to sit against the far wall from her.

Serina relaxed as well. She did not feel rushed, and took her time thinking before answering. "Yes, I thought on it," she said.

"And?" he asked, the tension returning to his voice. She could hear a measure of hope there, and that edge of arousal that she detected, almost always, in Alicia's voice.

"I'm here," she said simply, unable to bring herself to elaborate.

"I see," he said. One of his big hands was moving near to her, she could feel it stirring the water.

"I'm not sure I'm ready to be touched," she said.

"I understand," said Stalker and the hand moved away.

He, like the first two times, was sitting high in the water, nearly on the edge upon the topmost shelf. Her eyes slowly adjusted to the dimness, enough she could make out some light and shadow.

Serina appreciated that he sat more toward the light coming in from the single window, rather than she, where her being a she would be revealed. She lifted one hand from the water, and put it on his thigh. The huge man started a bit at the touch, but he did not protest or pull away.

Her breathing was, once again, becoming ragged and she found herself scanning the darkness for anything to see, any movement.

Slender, cool fingers slid up his leg and the man seemed to relax back, propping his corded back upon the wall and easing down in the water a bit. Serina swallowed as the hairs on his thigh got thicker, and she knew she neared a point where she would have to finish what she began.

Soft flesh met her fingers and her hand moved onward until her entire hand rested on the soft sack of his massive scrotum. She felt the cool testicles within, moving easily and loose inside. Stalker groaned and she saw his head lay back and listened to his breath become irregular, just like her own.

Upward she guided her fingers, feeling more softness, but increasing warmth as the touched the shaft of his cock, still swelling. The sailor groaned again, then repeated it when she moved her hand to take a grip upon his cock.

As she had watched him do, she began stroking the prick, feeling it throb and grow under her touch. "You've soft hands, like that merchant," said Stalker.

"I didn't work much," lied Serina, trying to will the flutter and girlish tones from her voice.

Stalker lay back and enjoyed her touch, and she enjoyed the touching. She had never held a man's bared cock in her hand before and found the warm softness to her liking. "Have you ever mouthed a man?" asked Stalker.

"No, never," said Serina, speaking only truth. "But I'll try it if you wish," she hastily added.

"I would like that," said the massive sailor.

Ungluing herself from the far wall of the tub, she moved up and between his spread knees, which moved wider as she slipped between them. "Tell me how," she said.

"First lick it, as if the batter spoon in your mother's kitchen," said Stalker.

She lowered her head, feeling the hot thing even as she only neared it. Her tongue extended and she lapped at the wide shaft of his organ. She allowed her tongue to slide over and up the shaft until she felt the head of his cock.

"Now, take the head into your mouth," he said, coaxing her.

She opened her jaws wide, parting her lips to accommodate the wrist thick pole. Her teeth barely cleared the bulb of the head before coming to the slightly thinner cock beneath. Serina could not believe she had a man's organ in her mouth. The very idea would have disgusted her not a week ago, and now she performed the act and wanted to continue.

A shudder ran through Stalker's body as she closed her lips around the head and gently sucked. She had heard the thing called 'cocksuck', and thought that was what was to be done. "Damn, lad," said Stalker, sighing and brushing his fingers through Serina's hair. "I could let you do that every night."

She could tell he was just complimenting her performance, but she pulled the organ from her mouth and said, "And if you ask, I'll do it every night," before taking it back into herself.

"Damned if I might just do that," he growled, his hips moving. Her hand had resumed stroking the thick, long shaft. Intermittent sighs and moans came from the darkness where his head was and the motions of his hips grew more pronounced. His breathing was stopping utterly for moments at a time and finally she heard him growl, then cry out quietly.

Her mouth filled with something warm and salty tasting. His spend, she realized.

From what she had seen two nights ago, she thought there would be quite a lot of it. However, she discovered that a man could spend harder and more. She swallowed only to have her mouth refill instantly with another massive twitch of his rod.

Three times after the first, his come filled her mouth and she swallowed, gulping it down with difficulty. The taste was not terribly pleasant, but she enjoyed the act. The sounds he made as he climaxed were very nice, as well, reminding her of the stud horse on the farm when they brought a mare in heat to him. Somehow, the animal baseness of it appealed to her.

She found herself wanting to offer herself to him, to bend over the side of the tub and allow him to mount her, as a stallion would a mare. Would he be surprised to find her a woman or simply go through with the act and take her. Would he panic and cry out, telling all of her secret.

Serina thought the former, but would not test that theory this night.

When the last of his spend crossed her tongue and was swallowed, she pulled back, hoping he had enjoyed it as much as she did.

Stalker pulled himself up the wall a bit and said, "Telling me you'll do that when I ask is a bad idea, lad, as good as that was."

"But I will," she said, again letting herself talk before thinking.

His pole was growing limp and softening in her hand. She stopped mouthing it, sitting back in the water and watching the darkness.

"I will do the same for you, if you ask it," said Stalker.

"No, no," said Serina, hastily and moving farther away from him in the tub. "Perhaps next time," she said, adding the last as an afterthought. "I really should be in bed."

Serina got out of the tub and pulled on her shirt.

"You're sure?" asked Stalker, having followed her out of the tub and she saw him looming in the dark beside her. 

"Yes, please," she said, trying the thong on her pants quickly and hastening out.

Alicia lay sleeping again and only murmured to herself in her sleep as Serino crawled into the hammock beside her. He stared at the slumbering woman for a long moment in the dim light of the night-candle, and sighed at the uncomfortable feeling in his stomach.