Sarah's next adventure
by Neykid

Just a short little story 

Ever since I just wore paint at a Halloween party I can’t get enough of exposing myself. As soon as I come home off come my clothes. My neighbours have gotten use to seeing me naked, I think. Today though I wanted to get naked in public and my first though was to go to the local nudist beach. I rummaged through my closet to find my old swim suit. It was a one piece I used to go swimming at the Rec Centre.

I took a good look at it and it was all faded from the chlorine. I decided to take the lining out of it and tried it on. It seemed to fit alright and some parts seem to be see through. So I grabbed my towel and purse and headed for the bus stop. Since where I live it is a beach town it wasn’t odd to see people walking about in bikinis. Once I got on the bus and sat down I noticed the top of my suit sagged and my tits practically fell out. The guy next to me was pleasantly surprised and I could see out of the corner of my eye he was looking at me every time I tried to adjust myself. I had to transfer over to another bus so when I got up from my seat my suit snagged on the seat somehow and broke the elastic on the leg and exposed half my ass.

I didn’t know this was going to happen but it was giving me a thrill. I got off the bus and as I waited for the other one I checked out the damage. Since the elastic broke the suit on that one side kind of opened up in the front as well. Then I thought I should have planned this better and brought some extra clothes because this old suit was falling apart. On the next bus I had to stand because it was crowded. While hanging on to one of the grab bars one strap kept falling down. I kept putting back in place but then the strap broke and my right tit fell out completely. I joked with someone next to me that it time for a new swim suit but I left myself exposed.

When I was getting off the bus I could feel the other strap slipping off my shoulder. I let it slip and walked topless to the beach which was a good 15minute walk. I was finally at the beach and I couldn’t wait to get this old suit off. Well a funny thing happened I stumbled getting out of my suit and stood on it to gain my balance and ripped the crotch. I had to laugh at how my suit didn’t survive. I breathed in the fresh sea air and began to relax and just being naked in such an environment was liberating.

When it was time to go home all I had with me was my towel. The towel did come to just below my bum and to tie in front was ok but the 15 minute walk to the bus stop it kept getting loose. The bus was crowded again so I had to stand. I had to stand next to a mother and her kid which would have been a disaster to some but not me. I couldn’t have planned it if I tried because the little bugger tugged on my towel and it fell to my feet. I heard some whistles and cheers and then I basically stuck my ass in this guy’s face trying to bend over to pick up my towel. I pretended to have problems wrapping the towel around me to prolong my exposure. The guy that got a face full of my ass complemented me on my body but also mentioned that it was legal to go topless here just like it is in New York. I didn’t know that so I decided to test his theory out and just tie my towel around my waist.
The bus driver smiled at me as I got off the bus and the 10 minute wait for the next bus a cop drove by, gave a quick glance and drove on. The thrill of being topless in just a towel was unbelievable. On the next bus I did get some looks other than that no one said a thing except for the bus driver who said I was the first woman brave enough to go topless since the law changed.

I headed to the shops to buy myself a new swim suit but a bikini this time. In the store nobody batted an eye that I was topless. I took my time looking at all kinds bikinis and then came across ones called wicked weasel. There was nothing to these suits at all. Then I saw a mesh bikini I tried it on and boy it didn’t leave much to the imagination. For someone who just a while ago dressed conservative and wore pants a lot to walking topless was a pretty big change. I still had the bikini on so I walked over to the counter to pay for it. She told me to take it off so she could get rid of the security tags. I stood there naked for a few minutes while she did this and I felt like I was in another world where clothes didn’t matter. She handed me my bikini but I only put the bottoms on and proceeded to walk home. It was such a rush that I barely go in the door before I had an orgasm. I checked online about the law of going topless in public and yes it is legal. That gave me something to think about for my next adventure. 
