I sleep with my sister

By: Nilesh


We live in a tiny one bedroom apartment together; we can't afford
anything more than that at the moment. We're comfortable with each other
to be able to, without awkward situations; until two nights ago.

I awoke on a Sunday morning with a throbbing erection; My mind was in a
whirl of erotic thoughts. No matter how hard I tried to suppress them
and lie back down to sleep, I just couldn't.

My thoughts were fixated on the young woman sleeping next to me, my sister.

She slept with her "sleeping underwear" which, to me, was incredibly
revealing. Her beautiful milky smooth skin of her back contrasted with
the purple lace of her bra. Her hair a smooth flat dyed brown.

I wanted a closer look. My hand raised itself to the top of the quilt; I
slowly pulled it off her, exposing her shoulders. A little further; her
back was radiating its heat towards me. I lowered my hand and placed it
on the back of her neck. Slowly, quite the opposite of my heartbeat, I
traced my index finger down the middle of her back. She shuddered as I
reached the small of her back. Seconds later she was facing me with her
eyes closed. She had turned around; the quilt had fallen to the floor,
allowing me a full view of her scantily clad body.

Luckily it was a cozy room, we were both very warm and she didn't notice
the sudden loss of covering. Without resisting, I repeated running my
finger down her body, this time along her side, down to her leg. To my
sudden surprise, I looked up to see her eyes open looking downward at my
shorts, the bulge was very obvious, and my actions towards her suggested
my sexual intentions. With my heart pounding, I placed my hand on her
shoulder. Her eyes slowly raised themselves to meet mine. I had no idea
what she was thinking.

She placed her hand on my chest. I removed my hand thinking she meant
for me to stop. She didn't; her palm recoiled and her finger tips ran
themselves down my chest. She shut her eyes when her fingers reached the
top of my shorts. I studied her face for a sign of her feelings; she
looked so peaceful as though she'd fallen back to sleep. She hadn't, her
palm flattened against my waist and her fingers slid inside the top of
my shorts. Joining in, my hand found its way to the side of her ass. I
caressed my hand around to her backside and lightly squeezed her cheeks.
Both hands slid inside her underwear and pushed them down around her
knees. She did the rest of the work, removing them anxiously with her
feet where they fell next to the bed.

My hands found their way inside her legs and I parted them gently, the
action to which she more than obliged. They were spread now; I could
feel the warmth of her pussy seep onto my hands, as a warm light globe
would. I wrapped an arm around her waist and my other hand slowly
reached down between her spread legs. Her vagina was moist, which
signified to me her willingness to continue. I lifted her and placed her
legs apart on top of me. She began to gyrate and lightly thrust herself
up and down upon me; her hair flailing across her face, forcing her to
flick her head back. Noticing her arousal, I hastily pulled down my
shorts, wiggling so that they reached my ankles where I could remove
them with my feet, as she had.

I thought of the mutual lust we had quickly formed between us, removing
all doubt of what would come next.

Naked, erect and horny; moist, ready and willing. We both couldn't
resist. She slid herself down to a more desirable position for our act.
I got a hand down there and searched for the opening to her now
trickling vagina.

Grabbing hold of my cock, I pushed lightly down upon it and pressed it
lightly against her opening. A slight gasp escaped her mouth, but her
eyes were closed. Suddenly she pushed herself down upon my cock, quickly
pushing me deep inside her. The sudden tight warm moistness shot from
the tip to the base of my cock. I was buried inside her when she began
to slowly lift her waist back up again. Her vagina gripped my cock,
squeezing me, as she slid herself slowly upwards again. Only the top of
my cock remained inside her warmth.

Slower this time, she slid her way down, continuing to lightly grip
every inch of my penis as it entered her. I knew it wouldn't be long
until I came, the feeling and arousal was too strong to hold back.

We continued in a rhythm for a minute or so, the impending orgasm was
seconds away. Without warning, I bucked my hips down to release myself
from her grip. My penis slid out of her warm depths and the orgasm hit.
Sperm shot out of my shaft, strings of the thick white liquid shot past
her ass cheeks onto her back. I kept thrusting my hips to continue some
kind of rhythm to ensure every drop of sperm emptied from me onto her.

She loved it. Her soft moans I had been hearing turned into a wild gasp
of pleasure. My cock tingled from the excitement and release. She
lightly placed her chest on top of mine and slipped her hands underneath
the pillow, either side of my head.

Within minutes she had fallen asleep, wanting to sleep myself; I lightly
pushed her off me and onto her side of the bed, where she probably
should have stayed the whole night. Her back was facing me; I saw the
large load of sperm I had deposited upon her run off the side and drip
onto the sheet underneath her. With this, I turned the other way and
closed my eyes, trying to comprehend the effects of this event on our
relationship.

But secretly I hoped she'd loved it, and secretly I wished it would
happen again, and soon.


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *11596* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=6234>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=6234>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=6234>

