Laura 08 - Laura Turns To Camming
by WolfyLikes

Laura moves on but finds money in short supply.

Continued from Laura's Stepdad Troubles...

It had been a month of upheaval for me. While I'd reluctantly agreed to help pay off my step-dad Martin's debts by fucking Freddie, then finding out Mikey and Sam would be involved too, I'd enjoyed every second of it. Freddie making me suck Martin's cock until he came down my throat the icing on the cake, so to speak.

The only part I'd not enjoyed so much was that it was out of my control, I hadn't orchestrated the event. It didn't help that Freddie had duped me, telling me that my mum had previously also fucked them all to already pay off the debt, he'd used it as an excuse to fuck me too.

I'd not been happy that Martin had bought this to my door. I'd kicked him out, and when he returned for a third time in two weeks pleading for me to let him stop, I gave notice to leave my rented house and move into a rented studio apartment somewhere he wouldn't find me hopefully. The rent was more than I'd been paying, however, and only working part-time I had hardly any money left over after paying all my bills. It was only about two miles from my university so I'd stopped using my car and was walking or running there, saving on fuel costs too. Sooner or later, I may need to think about selling the car to save some cash, but that would be my last resort.

It was a Thursday and I was at uni today, when one of my friends there, Izzy, told me some of the girls were going for drinks as it was someone's birthday. I told her I couldn't go, I didn't have any money. Izzy offered to lend me some money to go, and I told her I wouldn't be able to pay her back if she did.

I'd confided in Izzy in a few things previously. She knew about Darren watching me with his friend, she knew about me getting the two workmen to take me home after feigning injury, and she knew about being tied to the tree in public. She'd told me a few things about herself which raised my eyebrows, despite what I'd been doing. I'd not told her about the security guards, or going dogging, or the gangbang with Geoff and the others. Some things had to remain under wraps.

She told me she'd make sure I got some drinks bought if I went with them, and reluctantly I agreed. Apart from the loose jeans and t-shirt I was wearing, the only clothes I had were my running outfit which I intended to go home in. Izzy persuaded me to put on my lycra shorts and they'd look fine with my t-shirt.

Two drinks in and Izzy was doing a good job of flirting with guys to get us more drinks. There were twelve of us from uni in there, most of the girls dancing and laughing, so Izzy pulled me to one side away from the others.

"How bad are your money troubles then, I noticed you've stopped using your car too?" she asked.

I explained about Martin turning up, and heavies turning up at my door looking to be repaid the debt he owed. I didn't go into any details, just told her I'd sent Martin packing and moved, but the rent was far higher. She listened, looked like she was thinking, then answered.

"You've a great body, have you thought about maybe camming perhaps?"

"Camming? Really? Do you mean like a webcam show? I mean, no I haven't thought about it at all," I told her.

"I don't tell many people this, but I do so now and again. If you can get people watching, it can be quite lucrative," she replied.

"What kind of things do you do to earn money on there?" I asked inquisitively.

"Probably less than you do in real life by the sounds of it!" she laughed.

We had a quick chat before the others starting coming back to us, so I told her I'd think about it, and she said she would bring her laptop and cameras to my apartment on Saturday, and I could watch her do a show to see what was involved. I agreed quickly.

I couldn't wait for Saturday to arrive, Izzy had told me that she'd need two to three hours for a decent show, and to show me a few pointers. She said she'd start her show at around 8 pm and she turned up at 7 pm. I expected her to have a lot of gear with her, instead, it was just a holdall and a laptop bag, and a separate bag for her cameras.

She looked around and said the bed would be perfect for the show, it was at the far end of the apartment right by the french windows that led onto my private balcony. It was one huge room apart from the bathroom, so was very light. There was a huge wall mirror opposite the bed, perfect for watching yourself, or in this case, getting an idea of what the viewers would see.

Izzy put her laptop on the dresser under the mirror and placed the two separate cameras so they pointed at angles towards the bed. She asked me to lie on the bed so she could check the angle from each view until she had them how she wanted them. Once perfect, she took her holdall and put it on the floor by the sofa.

"What's in the holdall is important, but I don't want it on show throughout. If I need anything I'll let you know so you can get it out of the bag ready okay?" she told me.

She opened up the holdall, which was packed with various items of lingerie of different colours which she took out and spread across the sofa. Left in the bag were five dildos of various sizes, thicknesses and colours, and two buttplugs, one lifelike and the other metal and jewelled.

"People will spend extra tokens if you use these," she explained, "Don't start your show using these straight away."

She stripped down in front of me almost like I wasn't there. She had a very similar body to mine, but her long red hair complimented her pale skin and rosy pink nipples. She selected a sheer white Teddie and a see-through white g-string, put them on and logged onto the website.

Just before she went live she looked at me and asked if I knew John who was doing a computer science course at Uni with us. I said I thought so but was unsure.

"I fucked him before so that he'd set up this cool system," she grinned, "I don't have to type to answer any questions, I can speak and it puts it on screen for me so I don't have to keep stopping to type."

I didn't realise what she meant until she started her broadcast. It did seem easier, considering how many questions she was asked. I sat and took notes, as much as I could while staring at her body, and how she twisted and turned to satisfy her baying audience. A little over an hour into her show, she had just over 100 people viewing. She'd already inserted a buttplug that she'd beckoned me to pass her when she squealed.

"Yay, well done team, we've hit the progress bar for dildo time, only another 500 tokens to see me come with it," she said, her words displaying on the screen.

She pointed towards the holdall where I picked out three different dildos. She pointed one out, an eight-inch thick lifelike dildo, and asked me to bring it over. I walked over and handed it to her.

"Who's that? She's my friend. She's watching my show as she's thinking of camming herself," she said, answering a chat message.

I read the screen, someone had asked who I was as I was good-looking. I went to sit down again, when Izzy squealed again, looking in my direction.

"She is a little overdressed, yes, but she's not camming yet. but I'll ask her if you're serious?"

"What are they asking?" I whispered to her.

"Someone's offered 1000 tokens if you make me cum with the dildo," she whispered back.

I saw the excitement on her face.

"Is it a lot of money?" I asked.

"Well this should add up to around £250 for the night if you do it," she replied.

I'd been getting turned on watching her anyway. I'd never really had a proper lesbian session, but they only wanted me to use the dildo on her. I started to strip down, Izzy smiling as she watched me do so. I got down to my undies and blushed as I noticed they didn't match. I removed them and stood naked, Izzy staring at me.

"Put your money where your mouth is then guys, she's stripped ready and I'm telling you, it's worth the tokens just to see how fit she is," she told her audience, a big grin on her face.

I gave it thirty seconds then walked over and lay next to her on the bed. I heard pinging as tokens were added, and Izzy pointed to the corner of the screen where the token total was. 300 tokens left to go. Instinctively I knew they needed a final push, so I hoisted myself on top of Izzy, my arse facing the camera. Izzy held my head as our tongues combined, my hands going behind me and spreading my arse cheeks. Ping after ping rang out, then the goal progress total was reached.

I twisted Izzy over so she was on all fours, me underneath her. I grabbed the dildo and rubbed it along her pussy lips, then inserted it. Izzy groaned. I started to work the dildo in and out, Izzy thrusting her hips back at it. After teasing them for almost two hours, I could guess how much she needed to release before her willing viewers. Her clit was so close above me and looked so inviting, so I stuck out my tongue. Izzy's body shook and she cried out not to stop. It didn't take long before her orgasm washed over her, and she slumped down over me, the sounds of more and more tokens being given evident as the laptop pinged continuously.

We lay together relaxing before Izzy thanked them all and ended the show. She looked delighted. She got out her phone and a sheet of paper and asked me to read it out while recording it. She could give the laptop to John and ask him to put my voice on too.

"It will probably cost me a blowjob but it will be worth it," she said with a smirk.

She returned the laptop on Tuesday at University. She told me I could keep it for a couple of weeks, so I could get online regular and get myself more viewers. I'd decided I was going to do at least two hours each night at around 8 pm if I could.

The first couple of nights were okay but nothing spectacular, the third night much better. I noticed in the comments some had come to view the room as they'd seen my name. That was a good sign. I was wearing a white fishnet bra with a matching thong, a white fishnet suspender belt and white fishnet stockings. They seemed to be going down a treat. Mental note made to wear sexy undies from now on.

One of the viewers asked what kind of shows I did, and I told him it was only my third time so I was open to ideas. The chat was awash with suggestions, then they asked what kind of things I did in real life, maybe I could do something similar on webcam instead.

"I cuckolded my ex-boyfriend with his friend, then with two strangers over webcam. I got caught playing with a dildo in public. Oh, and I got tied to a tree and left for strangers to find me," I said.

My words appeared on the screen. The chat went mad, tokens being given and people commenting on what I'd said.

"Maybe you could do that on here."

"She can't do public outdoor shows unless, in her garden, the site won't allow it."

The comments went on and on, and the token counter went to the progress bar to remove my bra and thong. I did so sexily, more tokens being given.

"It's a communal garden for all the flats so that might be risky too," I said, "I don't even know who my neighbours are or if any wouldn't complain."

"What about if you get tied to the bed and leave the door open, to see if anyone finds you?" one of the comments read, "What would you do if caught?"

I thought back to the security guards, and being tied to the tree. Both times I'd been caught, the first time accidentally.

"If I get enough tokens, I'd let them fuck me," I said.

The laptop went mad. I set a progress bar to use three dildos on myself, to replicate it, except for being tied down. The token total was reached just ten minutes later. I said I'd be back shortly, and returned with three lifelike dildos and a glass mirror. I stuck two dildos of the same length on the mirror and started to blow each one. I took out a bottle of lube and put some in my arse. I straddled the mirror and with a bit of careful manoeuvring slid the dildos into my pussy and arse.

The pinging sound of tips was like heavy rain on a window as I built up a steady rhythm, putting the third dildo into my mouth and letting my excess saliva run down my chin and throat and across my heaving breasts. I looked at the screen, I had almost 300 viewers. Most comments were along the lines of seeing what I'd be like with real cocks if I was like this with dildos, and they'd definitely be tuning in when I was tied up.

The next progress bar couldn't come soon enough, as it meant I could finally release too. I put my spare hand down and flicked at my clit. Oh god, that felt good. I'd been edging for nearly three hours and was desperate to cum. I rubbed as quick as possible, and my juices flowed out of me and across the mirror as my orgasm racked through me. My body shook violently but I had enough composure left to pull myself off the dildos, roll onto my back and spread my legs for the camera, showing both of my holes gaping for my audience. The token pings continued to sound as I slumped backwards, my eyes rolling as I relaxed.

I phoned Izzy about it later on, and she was amazed at the number of tokens I'd been given. Not bad for a beginner she'd told me, laughing. I told her about the suggestions for a cam session, and she was a little apprehensive.

"I understand what they want, but it will need some planning. Like you say, we can't tie you outside in the garden in case someone complains. If we go somewhere like the park the same thing might happen, it would be just as likely for a little old woman to catch you than men who are prepared to fuck you there and then," she told me.

"I could get tied to the bed here, but then I'd need help anyway or I could only tie one wrist myself," I answered, "but then I could be tied up for a few hours and nobody turns up."

"If you're willing to do that, I'll help tie you up and pretend to leave. I could stay quiet out of shot in the apartment too if you want?" Izzy asked.

"That could work, but how do we sort out anyone to visit?" I asked.

"I have some ideas, not anyone from Uni mind. How many strangers are we talking?" said Izzy.

"Well, we could get one guy to come, say he was delivering food perhaps? But would three be too greedy? Maybe a team of guys doing something" I asked.

"I'll see what I can do you dirty bitch," Izzy laughed.

The following day Izzy phoned me just as I was finishing work.

"I drove past yours earlier. Did you know they're putting scaffolding up around your building?" she asked.

"I haven't seen it, but there's a letter somewhere about them painting the outside of the building and the window frames, and checking inside for any damage or things that need replacing. Why do you ask?" I answered her.

"I stopped and asked some dishy workmen. It will take them another two days to put up the scaffolding, and the painting is going to start straight away over the weekend from the top of the building. Your apartment is at the top right?" she continued.

"Yeah, fifth floor. But you've lost me why you're asking," I responded.

"It's Wednesday today. Scaffolding will be putting up until Friday. Painters and workmen all weekend. I vaguely remember someone mentioning strangers for a webcam show?" she told me, laughing loudly.

I felt a tingle run through my body. She was right, There'd be people everywhere, even if I couldn't coax them in they could see through the balcony doors and I'd let them watch, and make sure a camera was facing that way. It almost seemed to perfect, I told Izzy so.

"I'll speak to you at Uni tomorrow, but Saturday sounds like it will be perfect," she giggled.

We agreed the cam show would have to be early afternoon, it may put off some of my overseas viewers but leaving it until too late they'd all have packed up and gone home. I went online for a short while just to post up the info, telling any potential viewers it would be 50 tokens each to watch. My chat was awash with excited comments, but none were as excited as mine.

I got home from work on Friday to a few wolf-whistles. The scaffolding was almost up to my floor. The building has six apartments on each floor, and they were starting to put scaffolding up on the opposite corner to mine. I went up to the apartment and opened the balcony windows. A few workmen looked up and smiled and waved. I decided to have a taster session.

I pulled the windows back shut and went in the shower, deliberately not taking any clothes in with me. I got out, towelled myself off a little, and wrapped the towel loosely around me. I walked out into the main room and peered out of the balcony windows. They were just finishing putting scaffolding by my neighbours flat. I went to my wardrobe to get some clothes and undies to wear, throwing them on the sofa. Seeing bodies in front of my windows now, I dropped the towel to the floor and pretended I hadn't seen them.

Trying not to look, I heard muttering and others been called over. I walked around the apartment, over to the kitchen area and back, hearing their voices raised. I couldn't hold out any longer and looked towards the window, where four open mouths were staring at my nakedness. I feigned surprise but didn't try to cover up, instead of waving to them. I walked over and opened the window.

"Sorry, I thought I'd have time to get dressed before you got over here. Don't mind me, I'll be dressed in no time," I said flirtingly.

"No need to rush on our account, no need at all," one of them said to a chorus of laughter.

"Well, seeing as you've seen me naked now there doesn't seem any point in rushing to get dressed anyway," I answered, bending over to pick up the towel from the floor.

I walked around for a while while the guys all watched, before telling them they needed to get back to work and I needed to get dressed to go out again. They all mock groaned. I picked up my clothes and went to the bathroom, and phoned Izzy.

Saturday arrived and I was on tenterhooks awaiting Izzy's arrival. We'd planned to start the show at around 1 pm and Izzy turned up just after midday. Izzy had told me I could wear lingerie but it would be better to not wear knickers or a bra while I was lying on the bed, so I'd been to an adult store and treated myself to a crotchless and open cup black mesh bodysuit. I'd already got some sheer black hold up stockings to wear with it. Izzy saw it when she arrived and said it looked perfect.

She opened her holdall and showed me her outfit. A white floral lace bustier with a matching g-string, with pink trim and bows. She had a selection of dildos in the bag again but said she just hadn't taken them out. She did however have a surprise for me but said it could wait for later. She pulled out some silk bondage straps, black to match my outfit.

We both stripped and got into our outfits ready. The white lingerie against her pale skin was a perfect contrast, and I found myself following the path of the g-string as it disappeared between her arse cheeks. She plumped up my pillows so I'd be half sitting up, so it would be more comfortable and I'd be able to see the screen and the large mirror better. She turned on the laptop, logged into the site on my page, and set the show running. Within five minutes, while Izzy tied my wrists to the bedposts, almost 100 people were watching.

She tied my legs very loosely at the ankles, so I could move them about. Once bound she said she now had the surprise for me. She had in her hand a small vibrator, which she told me would react to the tips I got, and while telling me about it slid it into my pussy. I wondered what she'd meant about it reacting to tips but soon found out as the laptop pinged at the same time as vibrations flowed through my pussy. A little trickle of juices already ran down my thigh.

Izzy smiled and waved at the camera, telling my audience she'd see them later and to treat me kindly. As she said it a larger tip made my arse rise off the bed as the vibrations were stronger. She walked over and opened the door, and closed it again.

"As she gone and left you?" one of the chat messages read.

"Yes, all alone now, and the balcony window is unlocked too," I said, my message appearing on screen.

Several tips came through at once, my body convulsing with the multi vibrations.

About twenty minutes in, and with a few of the viewers giving regular small tips just to give my pussy a thrill, I saw an intriguing message.

"How far does the walkway go across the scaffolding?"

"I think it goes right around, why?" I answered.

"So someone could walk around the entire building, not just by your apartment?"

"I think so yes, I'm sure they did it so they could paint right long," I responded.

"Just wondering, because someone is just visible outside, but not by your window."

A few other messages said the same thing and were sure he was getting slowly closer. One message said it's a pity they couldn't make a noise to alert him. Another then said they knew how to. A very large tip came up on screen and my body shook for about ten seconds, the vibrations going through my entire body. I screamed loudly.

"He turned and looked, he heard something! Someone tip again."

A tip of the same amount came through, with the same result. I screamed louder this time, more in frustration too. My nipples were fully erect and I ached to touch them, ached to run my fingers across them, ached to touch my clit. More than anything, I ached to remove this small vibrator and replace it with something much larger.

"He's much closer now, he'll be by the window soon," another chat message caught my eye.

Another tip came through, making me groan again. I looked at the corner of the mirror, I could see him myself now. He was around fifty years old and not much taller than me, around five foot eight inches perhaps. He had a typical dad bod, his large stomach pushing through his overalls. His face was tanned and weathered, but I weirdly found him attractive. Maybe it was my situation, maybe I just wanted anyone to make me cum right now. I hadn't been fussy in the past, why start now. He finally moved over and stared through the window.

His face told a mixture of emotions. Shock, puzzlement, smiling, then shocked again as he saw me tied down. I heard him faintly, asking if I was okay. I told him to open the balcony windows. He did so and asked again.

Izzy had gone into the bathroom so was out of sight. He stepped in and reached for my wrists.

"It's okay, I'm fine," I said, nodding towards the laptop, "I've been left like this on purpose," I smiled.

A tip came on screen and my pussy vibrated again. He looked at me, the screen, then started reading. He looked back at me, taking in every inch of my young nubile body half lying in front of him. I could see a tent forming in the crotch of his overalls.

"Are you sure you're alright, is anyone here?" he asked.

"No, my friend left me like this and will be back in around an hour, these guys are keeping me company in the meantime," I answered.

"How many tokens for him to lick your nipples? How many tokens for him to rub your clit?" some of the chat messages read.

"50 for nipples, 100 for clit," I said, looking at him desperately as my words appeared on the screen.

A 50 token tip appeared immediately, and my arse jumped off the bed again.

"What does that mean?" he asked.

"They want to see you lick my nipples?" I told him.

"And you'd be okay with me doing that would you, this old man in front of you?" he asked.

"Well they've paid now, so it would be rude not to give them what they want wouldn't it?" I flirtingly told him.

He grinned as his dirty hands went to my breasts and he squeezed them together, bowing his head and licking and nibbling on each one, pulling them with his teeth. I groaned at his touch, my body twisting and writhing under him. The laptop pinged a 100 tip token this time. My viewer count was now over 600 people. He looked at the screen and smiled, knowing instantly what it meant.

He moved down my body and made the smallest possible touch on my clit with his middle finger. My body shook, I'd never been more grateful in my life. He rubbed along my pussy lips, parting them, then put his sticky finger to his mouth and savoured the taste of me.

"How many tokens to suck his cock?" a chat message read.

I looked at him, but he shook his head.

"I'm not performing like that for your audience, sorry," he stuttered, suddenly getting very nervous.

He quickly took out his phone, took several snaps of me, then said he needed to get back to work before he was missed. He waved to the laptop and went out through the balcony windows. The chat was awash with messages saying it was great, but they'd wished it would have gone further. They weren't the only ones wishing it though.

Izzy appeared again, she'd been quietly watching from the bathroom where she'd kept the door slightly ajar. The front of her g-string and her fingers were very damp, and she smirked at me. She whispered she had an idea, and started to pull on her jeans and a t-shirt, and her trainers. She headed for the door, and this time she did leave, closing the door quietly. I tried to work out why she was going now, I'd been lying here with her watching for almost two hours.

A few minutes later I heard voices, and the door opened.

"Just through here please, and I'll show you what needs seeing to," Izzy said.

She walked into the apartment with a man in a suit, carrying a clipboard. He was quite tall and around forty years old. Two slightly younger guys around thirty followed him in, wearing the same overalls as the guy from earlier. None of them noticed me at first.

"Over in the bedroom, there's a crack that needs filling in, "Izzy said, belly laughing at her own joke.

All three saw me at around the same time, all three looked me up and down, saw me tied to the bed, and looked back at Izzy for answers. Izzy had started to undress to her undies again.

"Sorry guys, I'm a lesbian so off the menu," she told them, "but she's been simmering for a couple of hours now and needs finishing off."

They all smiled at each other and looked back at me.

"One more thing, it's a webcam show so if you're camera shy just say so and you can leave," she added, pointing to the laptop.

All three looked at each other again, grinned, and started to undress. My webcam viewers could see them now and the tips started to flow regularly again, my body shaking with the continuous vibrations. Izzy walked back into view and looked at the tips progress.

"10,000 tokens for them to get blowjobs? 20,000 for all three to fuck her. Only 2,000 tokens left for the blowjobs," she said.

She reached down and took the vibrator from me, slid a couple of fingers into my arse which didn't need much lubing where my juices had been flowing, then put the vibrator there instead, right at the entrance. The vibrations were a little different but just as enjoyable. All three stood around me stroking while gazing at me, all three around seven inches long. Don't be greedy I thought to myself, you're not always going to get a Geoff sized cock when fucking a stranger.

The older guy knelt on the bed, his erection pointing at my mouth, watching the screen. I could hear his mind urging the token to progress up. 1000, 500, 250, 100, it edged closer and closer. No sooner had it reached its goal he leaned forward and I took him into my mouth eagerly. I couldn't move too much because of the restraints, but he let me choose my own pace. Vibrations racked through my body from my arsehole as tokens continued to pour in.

After a few minutes, one of the others knelt by my other side, and I swapped onto his cock. His was a little thicker, and he fucked my mouth although fairly slowly. I felt hands squeezing my nipples, and then a tongue on my clit. Just once, but it almost did the trick. I arched my back begging for more, and Izzy moved away. The last guy had taken the older one place and I twisted my head to blow him now. I felt a finger enter my pussy, and looked down the see the older guy between my legs. I looked over his shoulder, the token progress was just 200 short of them fucking me.

"200 tokens left if someone tips that they all get to fuck her. If somebody tips it in the next minute, I'll lick her clit until she comes," Izzy said.

All three men cheered as a 200 token tip appeared on the screen. Izzy told them to prepare themselves, but she was sure this wouldn't take long. Her tongue dropped to my clit, the faintest of touches with the very tip. She combined this with thrusting three fingers into my pussy. Less than a minute later I squirted as I came.

The older guy stepped forward and primed himself ready, waited for my body to relax a little, then thrust forward into me, nearly all of his cock entering me. I groaned loudly. His hands gripped my breasts as he fucked me with slow, long thrusts, shoving my body along the bed each time.

"Do me a favour guys, cum anywhere on her body but preferably not inside her. I'm hoping our audience will pay a little extra to watch me clean her up after you've all done," Izzy said.

The older guy fucking me either had good stamina or was fucking me slowly to slow himself down. His ballsack was loose and his balls bounced off my arse with each thrust, sometimes hitting the vibrator itself. Tips were still coming in and the vibrations combined with his fucking me were setting me towards orgasm again. Suddenly he grunted loudly, fucked me very fast for thirty seconds, then scrambled up my body and shot his load all over my large sweaty breasts.

He climbed off the bed, as the second guy asked if he could undo my legs. Izzy told him, yes, and after doing so he put his hands on my ankles and pushed my legs upwards, his cock lined up against my willing pussy. He teased me a little by rubbing it along my pussy lips, before entering me. His pace was a little quicker than the older guy, and the angle he had me at he seemed to be reaching further into me despite his cock being about the same size.

He fucked me for a while, then withdrew. He twisted me onto my side, pushed my legs up so I was in a fetal position with my legs up by my breasts, then slid back into me. He lay over me with one hand on my shoulder pinning me down, the other rubbing at my clit. He fucked me hard and quick and soon had me cumming again.

His hand left my clit and he fucked me even harder, before pulling out and standing over me to cum all over my face. Stream after stream flew over me, a little going directly into my mouth. I swallowed it down, and Izzy laughed and told me to leave some for her.

The third guy asked them to help, as he lay on the bed, the others lifted me so I straddled him. His hands went on my shoulders to support my weight as I couldn't fully sit up, Izzy lined his cock up and I slid down onto him. I rode him slowly, feeling each vein throbbing on the inside of my pussy. His cock being fatter than the others, I was glad he was going last.

My body was glazed in sweat, the mesh of the bodysuit soaked where sweat and semen combined to form a sticky river, running off my breasts and neck. Strings of semen were hanging from my nose and chin and swung about as I rode him. My stockings were soaked where my juices had been streaming down my legs and from the wet puddle I'd been lying in.

I felt hands lifting me off him slowly, and was turned so I was on all fours, my arms twisted, but angled across the bed so my knees were right on the edges. He stood behind me and thrust forward, stopping with his member fully impaled in me. I felt it pulsing, then he slapped my arse hard. Niceties had gone out of the window now as he swapped hands to smack each cheek as he fucked me hard like he was trying to split me in two.

I felt a finger go to my clit, peered from under my armpit, and saw Izzy leaning by me. I mouthed a thank you to her before closing my eyes, the mixture of the cock in my pussy, the vibrator in my arse and fingers on my clit was bringing me close again. I tried to clamp my pussy around his cock, and he felt me doing so. He stopped smacking my arse and concentrated on fucking me, his grunts getting louder and louder.

Izzy's fingers worked their magic and my body shook again as I squirted down his cock, juices trickling down my legs again. Thirty seconds later he pulled out just in time to cover my arse and lower back with his load. I couldn't move, except for my arse where tip after tip was still being given with the viewers getting a close up of my sperm covered arse.

Izzy thanked them all for being so generous, and I heard her say the last part was free of charge as a result. I felt a tongue across my back as she started to clean the sperm off my skin.

My body was cleaned of sperm now, Izzy turned off the webcam and untied my wrists. I slumped face down on the bed, turning to look into the room. All three of the guys had dressed and thanked us both as Izzy showed them out.

"Oh my god, Laura that was insane! If I hadn't seen it I wouldn't have believed you'd done it," Izzy cried out.

"Was it worth it?" I asked.

"Well, we hit nearly 30,000 tokens in the end. I think your money worries are over now!"

