Exhibitionism With Uncle And His Son -1

Jeevan< jeevan80@yahoo.com>


Hi
	This is what my sweet Meghna experienced when she showed herself to her uncle Kamalesh and his son, her cousin Bablu. In her own words!
	Hi I am Meghna from Mumbai. I am 24 years old and still unmarried. I love to show off my body to the elder ones like uncles and dads friends. Sometimes the situation goes out of hand and one has to submit to what comes with it. It was summer in Mumbai and you all know how sweaty Mumbai is during summers. I was wearing short skirt and thin cotton top. The skirt was just below my hips and the top was short showing my well shaped naval and the belly button. Now I have pert little tits and my nipples are tiny. They are always hard and poke through the cotton top I usually wear. Today also they showed as two tiny swellings with dark background over my top. I knew that this always made my uncles and other males stare at me, not me but my breasts. 
	My skirt was tight and showed lower flesh of my hips. If you looked at me from back you would have clearly seen the thighs swelling into my solid ass and I am sure I would give you a definite hard on. In short that day I was dressed to show off more than any other occasion. I was waiting for my Uncle Kamalesh to come for his regular visit and I knew he would love to see me in this dress. In fact I was wearing the dress for him. Now my uncle is about 40 and looks smart. He has a son aged about 10 years who studies in 4 th standard in English medium school. He is grown up for his age and always wants to know things he is curious about. I have hell of a difficulty in answering him many a times. My uncle is 5'8" with slight bulky body and well maintained mustache. I love his mustache and he too is proud of it. He holds the sides in his hands and twists them showing his manly asset to us all.
	SO today he arrived in the afternoon at about 2 pm.and he had brought his son along. I was taking a nap lying down on my bed when he called me and told me that he has arrived. I called him in my room, as I was alone in my house. He was a family member and so he had access to the entire house including my bedroom. His son was with him too and they both entered my bedroom. I asked them to sit on the side of the bed and I too straightened myself up so that I could sit and talk to them. 
	My uncle spoke, " Hey Meghna! Did I disturb you? Ohhh I see that you are wearing such a nice dress. You look beautiful. Take my compliments." Saying this he patted my back with love and affection. His son came near me and sat close to me. As his dad spoke he looked at my dress and said, " Ohhh sister! You have nice dress here. Better than our school gals. They don't know how to dress nicely. But you sure do!"
	And his eyes roamed down over my body sending electric waves through my body. His dad was not idle either. His eyes literally penetrated my body and I could feel them caressing my assets. Ohhh god! Both dad and son were looking at me with burning eyes! The son was always curious and wanted to know all the things as I had said.
	He looked at my naval and then his eyes stopped at my belly button. He looked intently at it and then shifted towards me. I wondered what he was up to. He put his finger on my belly button and started to feel it. Ohhh god! He did not know that he was tickling me all over and I shivered and my body jerked.
" Ohhhhh Bablu! You are tickling me. Please don't do it. I may fall down laughing."
	Uncle Kamalesh was watching this intently and I saw him staring into my naval and the prominent belly button.  I was laughing hilariously and soon fell down on my bed kicking up with the tickling sensation making me mad. I did not have any intention of doing this on purpose but I was helpless. Bablu was encouraged with this and he started to poke his finger inside the deep belly button that made me mad! Now he had his other hand on my stomach and he was tickling it too. He was so innocent that he did not know what he was doing and he inserted his hand inside my top and placed it on my stomach, moving the fingers all the time. MY god! I was mad and mad! My skirt was rolling onto my belly and I was sure my uncle had good view of my panties. I was wearing pink ones that were very short and I was afraid he could see few choot hairs too!
	I saw my uncle looking at my panties and that excited me very much. He was rubbing his crotch as he looked at my writhing body and the exposed panties. Bablu was still tickling me and he too rolled on the bed with me. I felt his crotch on my ass and I was shocked! The boy's Bulli (cock) was hard! Ohhhh how can it be? He was a small boy! But the touch was unmistakable and I was curious about it. So I glanced at my uncle to see what was he doing. I wanted to make sure that uncle wont see me touching his son's lund. What I saw shocked me!
	Uncle Kamalesh had his hand on his crotch and he was rubbing his lund over his pants looking at his son playing with me. Ohhh and I could see his crotch bulge with probably 7 inches of lund inside. I was shy and hot too! I told Bablu to stop tickling me but he did not listen. In the fight that ensued I tried to catch his hands but the boy turned around and I caught his bulli instead. Ohhh it was hard as a candle. It amy be about 4 inches, slim and very hard. This was the first time I had touched a real cock and I continued rubbing it as if I was playing with him.
	Bablu lifted my top and exposed my stomach and started to bite it playing. Ohhh god! Readers, I can't tell you how much it excited me. I could have ignored this play and considered it non-sexual but the elder uncle was watching this and that made it sexual. You know what I mean? Yes I was more excited with the fact that my uncle had a hard on looking at my body and that his son was playing with me made him more excited. I think it was too much for my uncle and he could not do anything sexual with me as he was a family and near relative. So I think he wanted to just control his lust for me and so he excused himself and went to the toilet near the corridor. As he got up I saw his cock taken to one side of his pant, out of his shorts and that stood parallel to his thigh! Ohh god! It showed clear outline of the cock to me. I looked at him and smiled as he started to walk out of my room. He was so flushed that he could not even smile back!
	When he left I gathered more courage and asked Bablu what he was doing.
" Didi! I feel it nice to play with your belly button. And your stomach and naval are so smooth! I have only touched my mom's stomach and it is smooth too. So I thought I should play with it."
	"Ohhh you naughty boy! Tell me what is this?" I touched his bulli (cock) and asked.
	" Ohhh did you are dirty! That is from where we piss. But I don't know why it is hard. It always remains soft and small."
	"Silly boy! You were touching me and that made you like this." I caught his bulli and rubbed it over his half pant. Ohhh it jerked in my hand and Bablu cried with pleasure.
"Ohhhhh Didi! What you are doing there? It is jerking and I think I have a pain there. Ohhh it pains there didi!"
	"Come on Bablu show me where it pains?" 
	Bablu took out his bulli from the sides of the short pant and I saw it all swollen and red. It looked like a small rod, very thin and his cock head was tiny and red. I took it in my hand asd looked at it from close. Was I a pervert? He was just 9 yr old boy unaware of sexual things and here I was getting excited looking at his bulli! But you can understand me. It was his dad that had made me so hot and now I have to look at his sons cock as he was put into the bathroom. I caught his cock in my thumb anf forefinger and pressed it. Some transparent liquid oozed out of his piss hole and I just wiped it.
	" Didi! I am feeling like pissing! Take me to bathroom! Quick!"
so I carried him to the bathroom and as we both went there we saw the latrin door ajar and there was my Uncle standing there with his back to us and his right hand was moving very fast on his cock! I knew he was releasing his spunk and masturbating but Bablu was surprised at this.
	"Dad what are you doing" he called.
	My uncle jumped and turned around with natural reflex with his lund in his fist. He looked at us and his mouth opened in a surprising 'O'. I was shocked too looking at his erect manhood and I too let out a shrill cry.
" Ohh uncle what are you doing?" I could not say anything more!
Uncle looked at me and his son. Bablu had his cock in his hand too and looking at his dad he was shocked and his cock jerked and he let out stream of urine straight on the floor. I looked at the scene and smiled at his dad. That changed the things altogether! The ice was broken!
	" Hey Meghna! I saw you rubbing Bablus cock and I don't know why, I was tremendously excited. You are a real cock teaser girl! I have to do something about this with you." He said pointing at his hard on. I was very much excited and immediately went to my uncle and kneeled down with my mouth near his angry dick. Bablu did not follow what was going on but he was looking at us.
	Continued in Exhibitionism With Uncle And His Son -2
Coming soonnnnnnnnnnn---------


Exhibitionism With Uncle And His Son -2

Jeevan< jeevan80@yahoo.com>


Bablu was really curious and he came near us and started looking at me with my mouth near my uncles lund. Still he had his pestle out side his pants and it was still hard. The only difference was he was holding it in his hand! I looked at him and said, " Bablu! Your daddy is having some pain there and I am taking that out through my mouth. Don't tell this to anybody else Bablu. But I have to do it or else your dad will have trouble OK?" I tried to cover our lust with this but I knew Bablu was not so innocent as he looked.
"Didi! I too had pain there so why you did not put your mouth there like you are doing to my dad?"
"ohhh naughty boy! Let didi suck away pain from my thing and then I will ask her to do this for you. Ok boy? Don't tell this to anybody Bablu! Theek hai?" uncle said.
I moved my tongue over the angry cock head and my uncle's cock jerked. He moaned with pleasure, "Meghna! It feels so nice! Move it on the underside of my lund baby!" I did. I moved my tongue on the underside of uncles lund and caught his balls in my palm. They were heavy, may be filled with lot of juice! Bablu was watching us and he had removed his pants and standing there with his funny little cock high up in the air.
I called him near me, " Bablu jara mera top to nikal de na! Bahoot garam ho raha hai."
Bablu came near me and undid the buttons of my top and pushed it up over my head. It got caught at the junction of my mouth with uncles lund. I had to let go of uncles cock and Bablu pushed it off over my head. My two small breasts sprang free and uncle hissed looking at them. "Ohhh Meghna! You have very cute little breasts. See those small nipples. Ohhh god! They are hard!"
Bablu caught my breasts in his hands from behind and I felt wonderful. I was sucking off his dad while the son massaged my breasts. What a slut I was!
Now I had uncles cock head in my mouth and I was sucking on it hard. It gave out some precome, which I licked away with my moving tongue. It tasted wonderful, a little acrid and bitter but nice. I pushed my lips over the length of his cock, pressing them tightly around the thickness. This made him feel as if he was fucking a choot! So his hips jerked in fucking motion and I found it difficult to swallow it more. So I bit it with my teeth lightly and uncle cried out in ecstasy. 
I felt Babul's lund rub my naked back and I thought why not take his cock in my choot? This way I would suck his dad while his small lund fucked my virgin choot. No harm done!
So I asked Bablu, " Bete! Jara mera skirt to nikalna aur dekh aander kya hai? Skirt ke baad chaddi bhi utaar aur mera dard nikalo!"
The obedient boy followed my instructions and soon I was naked. Bablu looked at my choot and touched it with his fingers, " Didi! Ye kya hai? Mummy ka to bahoot bada hai aur uske upar baal bhi nahi hai! Kya main iska dard nikalo? Phir aap mera nikalna. Theek hai didi?"
The boy was sharp all right! My uncle laughed at his talk, " Meghna! Teri aunty shave karti hai na! Sale ne uska bhi dekha hai!"
" Bablu jaldi se aapna  bulla meri choot mein daal aur uska dard nikaal de re!"
Bablu held his small bulli in his hand and hurriedly sat behind me and pushed his bulli on my choot. It brushed on my labia and went into the slit. I adjusted my choot so that bablu could put his small lund in my choot. I felt his lund enter my choot. It felt as if a long finger is being pushed inside my choot and I loved it. My uncle saw his son fucking me and he was surprised at my boldness, " Sali! Muze agar maloom hota ki tu iitni choodakkad hai to kabi ka chod deta! Cvhal choose mera lund aur mere bete se choodwa le. Phir main tuze chodunga!"
Uncle was excited verymuch and he trust his cock deep inside my mouth. The cock head touched the back of my throat and I had to swallpw hard on it. This made him fuck my throat and I ahd to move my throat muscles to jack him off as if it was a slick choot. Bablu was fucking me like a dog, deep and fast! He was full of energy and this was his first fuck and mine too!
I moved my choot over the thin lund of Bablu and asked him to catch my breasts for support. He did and I was in heaven! My body convulsed and my choot tightened around Bablul's lund. In this excitement I took more cock of my uncle in my throat and now his balls were slapping against my chin. Ohhhhh Goddddd! Readers I was in heaven! I had two lunds one in my choot and the other in my mouth! God may give such hard lunds to my female readers! Many hard cocks, one in each hole, the more the merrier!
My uncle caught my face and his cock jerked splashing thick cum on the back of my throat. Ohhhhhhhhhhhh! He came in gallons and I could not swallow much and some cum spilled out of my mouth and onto my chin and then breasts. Bablul's cock jerked and he pushed his cock deep in my choot and lay still on my back. I had made both father and son cum in my holes!
I sat down with Bablu on my back and uncle looking at my com covered breasts. He too sat down and massaged the cum over my tits spreading it all over the smooth skin. We for the first time kissed each other, Bablu and me and then uncle and me!
We went to my bedroom and there I had to do more exercise. Uncle told me that this was serious matter and nobody should know it. He made us take oath on Geeta, the Hindu sacred Book. Bablu too promised that he wont tell anybody about this but that I have to give him my choot whenever he wanted. Uncle had some more fantasies! He wanted to fuck me with Bablu in my gaand. Ohhh the devil was real horny old man! He told me that my aunt was not giving him any pleasure and he was lusting after my body when I started to develop breasts. (When I was 11 yrs.).
I told him that he can use my choot, mouth and gaand whenever he wants and that his son was welcomed too. I told him that I was a exhibitionist slut and that I loved to show off my body to older males. This made him hard!
He fucked me with his son again!
I will come back to you with more such episodes. Next time I want to narrate how my uncle made me do things to him in a public garden. So we shall meet then! Bye!
Yours exhibitionist slut,

Meghna

