Trade Day Exhibition
by hunny4all

I am currently between relationships and find myself alone more than not. There are pros and cons to being in my present situation. One pro is I get to do what I want to do whenever I want to do it. 

I knew it was going to be a beautiful day when I woke up to the sun shining brightly through the window. I also knew I was not about to spend it indoors. 

As I lay thinking over my options for the day I began lightly touching my nipples feeling them harden. My hand slid down my body finding my clit. I rubbed and teased my clit, slipping my finger deep inside my warm wet pussy. I was already dripping wet. I reached over to my nightstand, opened the drawer and got my vibrator. Using my vibrator I begin sliding it in and out of my pussy. My fingers teased and rubbed my clit while I fucked myself. I began to climax moaning loudly. Feeling satisfied for the moment, I stretched enjoying the subsiding twinges deep inside of my pussy. 

While making coffee, I heard an advertisement on the TV for trade days at a campground about 40 miles away. Years ago it was a mining camp and has a lot of history. 

Once a month they have an outside flea market. People travel from all over to buy and sell. It occurred to me that it had been years since I last went to Trade Days. Immediately I knew that was the plan for the day. 

It was going to be a hot and sunny day. I put on a sundress that buttoned up the front. It is not the shortest dress I own but it was well above my knees. The bodice was fitted and low and showed enough of my cleavage to be daring. I decided to forgo panties and slipped on a pair of sandals. I felt a sexual tingle go through me at the thought that someone might see my tits and my naked pussy.

It was Saturday morning and not much traffic on the road. I was a little disappointed that I did not see one truck. I have found that I am sexually turned on when I am able to expose myself in public, especially to truckers. It had been a while and I found myself feeling like something was missing. 

Not only had I been sick for a week, my trucker friend and I sort of parted ways. Knowing that I did not have him to share my exploitations with, kind of bummed me out. We are still friends but his head is in the clouds with a new romantic interest. I do wish him all the luck in the world but also have been feeling a bit sorry for myself. 

The campground is quite a ways from the main road. Wooded and peaceful, just what I needed. I drove to the gate and paid a dollar to get in. I drove through the park and over the bridge to where the vendors were set up. There were already crowds of people there, both buyers and sellers. I drove to the parking area and parked my car. 

I got out, walked across the parking lot and started going from vendor to vendor. I have always loved flea markets and am always amazed at what people have to sell. It was sunny and I was wearing sunglasses. The bodice of my sundress was pretty low and I had unbuttoned another button. The bodice was open almost to my midriff. I knew that the curve of my tits were very noticeable.

I made it a point when looking at displays to lean over giving the vendors an even better look at my merchandise while looking at his. Out of curiosity I ask the price of a few items and was not surprised to find that the price quoted was well below its worth. I could have kicked myself for not trying this years ago.

I kept noticing a man watching me. He was going from vendor to vendor too. He was a little older than me, his hair completely white with a full beard. I reached up and slid my sunglasses down making eye contact with him for a second. I felt a wave of sexual excitement go through me and knew that I was going to do everything I could to entice this man.

Trying to be nonchalant, I walked toward the booth where he was standing. Before getting there I stopped and pretended to look at a tricycle. I bent over, knowing he could see my tits. Then I squatted resting one knee on the ground and balancing myself on the other leg. I knew he had a perfect view of my naked pussy.

Immediately my pussy got wet. I could feel it began to drip. It was all I could do to not put my hands between my legs and masturbate. I looked over at him and knew he was staring and had become very interested. 

Glancing around I noticed that he was not the only one looking. There were several people who would look and then look away. I slowly stood up and walked slowly toward him. I am not usually so daring but I was horny and it had been a while since I had been fucked by a man. 

When I got close enough to him, I said, "Hot day." He laughed and said, "That it is and damned if you are not making it hotter." We both laughed.

I introduced myself as Hunny and he told me his name was Sam. 

We began to go from vendor to vendor. We discussed the merchandise and the campground itself. I told him it had been years since I had walked down some of the wooded paths by the stream. 

He told me that if I wanted to check them out he would be glad to go with me. So we left the flea market area and headed toward the bicycle and walking paths. He seemed to be familiar with this area. Instead of taking a public path we walked toward the water. 

We followed a path taking us further into the woods. We found an old weathered picnic table and decided that we had found an older camping area that was no longer in use. Sam grabbed hold of the end of the table and shook it to see how strong it was. It still seemed in pretty good shape.

He took my hand and I stepped up on the bench and swung around and sat on top of the table. He sat on the bench to the side of me. His hand slid up my leg, starting with my ankle making its way to my thighs. He then stood up and unbuttoned the remaining buttons of my dress. I lifted my ass and he took the dress and threw it over a bush. He took off the pullover shirt he had on and stepped out of his jeans. Throwing them aside.

He sat back down between my legs, my pussy was dripping with anticipation. I leaned back and my legs opened wider. Using his hands he spread the lips of my pussy. He teased my clit and slid his finger deep inside my hot wet pussy. 

He lowed his mouth and I moaned loudly when his tongue circled my clit. I was climaxing before he got started. He licked and sucked on my pussy. He slid his finger in and out of me hard and fast. I kept cumming. I was panting and moaning. My hips moving up and down and I was pressing my pussy against his mouth. I had several mini climaxes that led to one explosive one. I screamed out as the juices flowed from my pussy. My fingers entwined in his hair. He sucked softly letting the throbbing from my pussy subside. 

He stood as I sit up on the table. I slid down onto the bench in front of him. I took his hard cock in my hand and started stroking it. Holding his hard cock firmly in my hand I tickled his balls with my pinky and then I leaned over and took the head in my mouth. Running my tongue around the head, I begin to suck more of his cock into my mouth. I felt him grab the back of my hair in his fist pushing my head all the way onto his shaft. He began pumping his cock into my mouth. Each time I sucked him and felt him slide deeper down my throat. 

He pulled me up and I was standing facing him. We were close to the end of the table and he turned me toward it. I turned facing it and leaned over the table. My ass to him. He rammed his cock into me and started and pumping hard and fast.

I felt the picnic table began to move. It was old and had been in the weather for years and I was hoping it would stand up to the abuse we were giving it.

I felt my nipples brush the table as they swayed back and forth. In and out he pumped deep into my pussy. I felt his cock hard and stiff. His fingers stroked my clit and I felt the pressure begin to build again. I was panting and meeting each thrust of his cock. He thrust hard and I felt him shoot cum deep inside of me and at the same time I began to climax moaning loudly.

It seemed like we stayed in that position for a minute of so catching our breath,. I felt him slip out of me and I turned and watched his bare ass walk to the stream. He stepped into the cold water and I heard him suck in his breath.

I watched him wash up and I slowly walked over. I dipped my foot in and immediately withdrew it. The water was freezing. He laughed and grabbed my hand pulling me in. I shrieked and laughed but got use to the water quickly.

I stooped and splashed water onto my wet dripping pussy washing up the best I could. He stepped out of the stream and held his hand toward me. I took his hand and stepped up onto the bank. 

I walked over to where my clothes were and picked up my sundress. I stepped into it and began buttoning a couple of buttons.. Sam had put his clothes on and had gone back over to the picnic table and was sitting, watching me.

For some reason I felt a little shy and uncertain as to what to say so I said nothing. He stood when I walked toward him and said we probably should leave the woods while it was still daylight. We followed the path back the way we came.

We walked back toward the flea market area and I told him that I needed to be on the road because it was getting late. He walked me to my car and leaned against the window. I did not know what to expect at this point. 

He reached into his back pocket and got his wallet. He took out a business card and handed it to me and then asked for my number. 

I drove out of the park smiling. I don't know if he will call but I do know I want him to.



