James shifted in his sleep, pulling the blanket with him, and once again, Alec found himself out in the cold.

Again.

He reached behind James to tug at the blanket, but it was too securely pinned. And he didn't want to wake James -- not now. Didn't want to have to talk to him, not with everything roiling in his head. Instead, he reached for his robe, which was draped across the frame of his walker. He levered to a sitting position and put it on. He'd planned on lying back down, but instead, he found himself staring at the walker.

Fuck it. He wasn't going to be sleeping any time soon.

He got a good grip, and eased himself to his feet. His bare feet arched up from the cold floor, but the freedom was exhilarating. To be walking on his own -- without James following him around.

But that meant he was getting better. That meant that sooner or later, he'd be able to --

-- to what?

He almost slid back into the bed. Back with James, who he suspected was no more comfortable with his return to health. Because as soon as he was healthy enough to walk unaided, they had some decisions to make.

A slip, a fall, and you could put that off for a few more months.

He shoved the thought away, but now that he'd thought it, it kept circling back.

He eased the walker forward, being careful not to let it screech against the concrete floor. Turned, and headed for the door. Though down here, there wasn't much -- just the other room, with the gurney where he'd spent the first months of his recovery. Not much fun, there.

Except it would be away from James. Maybe if he sat by himself, he'd be able to think more clearly.

To get to the door, he had to pass by the small freezer. If James was true to form ...

He reached in. Yes, there was a mostly-full bottle of Vodka in there. He fumbled it, one-handed, into the pocket of his robe, and continued his slow progress to the other room. He bypassed the gurney, and went to the card table and folding chair that James used to sit at. It was only when he eased himself down that he realized he didn't have any cups.

He took a swig straight from the bottle. It burned its way down.

He took another.

Almost immediately, he started feeling its effects. No surprise there -- on an empty stomach, and he hadn't had a drink in months.

So he took another long swallow.

Killing the pain. Any way you could. He'd gotten used to that, as a 00-agent. If it wasn't drink, it was sex, either with one of a thoudand willing women, or with James, and it didn't have to mean anything either way. Just bodies, mutual pleasure, taking the edge off before a mission, exhilarating in being alive to fuck each other senseless. But it had felt good, it had kept him in contact with another body, and somehow, it had been enough.

Until the moment when he'd been stopped cold by twin revelations:

He was in love with James Bond.

James Bond would never love him.

Janus had been born in that moment, or at least conceived.

Alec studied the bottle of vodka, not sure if he was too drunk or not drunk enough. He decided to go with the latter, since getting drunker was a lot faster than sobering up.

He took another swallow, and another, and one more for good measure.

He'd always tried not to think of his childhood. Of his first six years, spent in a grubby little flat in a grubby little neighborhood in a grubby London suburb. Of the walls so thin he could hear the neighbors screaming, crying, fucking.

Ignorant, superstitious people. Rabble.

When he took another swig from the bottle, his hands were shaking.

One lot -- the hadn't been there long, but the few months was enough -- had been a member of some religious sect. They'd believed in possession by devils. They'd talked to people about it, talked to his mother one day, while he helped her scrub the floor. How the devil could only be driven out by prayer and pain. Devils didn't like pain.

They'd convinced someone, at least. Another of the neighbors had had a girl, a year or two older than he was, who would sometimes fall to the ground in fits. Epilepsy, he knew now, though as a child he'd been terrified of her. One day, her parents had brought her to the neighbors. He remembered listening, long into the night, as they'd tried to beat the devil out of her.

He hadn't seen her after that night, and not much later, he'd come home to find their apartment empty.

And not much after that, he'd come home to find the door to his own apartment hanging open, and the blood, and --

Too sober. Far, far too sober to think of that. Another long swallow. And another, and he wondered if the crazy neighbors weren't right after all. Maybe, he thought, James had beaten the devil out of him. Maybe Janus had died in the fall to the satellite dish, or been driven out by long hours without morphine. That would explain a lot. How he had survived. Why that other life seemed so far away. Maybe Janus had been someone else entirely, a demon that had slipped through the crack in Alec Trevelyan's soul and possessed him, until it was exorcised by the fall?

But even drunk as he was, he couldn't make himself believe that.

So he took another swallow, even though it had stopped helping.

This was why he was careful never to get really drunk -- because eventually, he always came to the point of utter clarity, where he could no longer run from himself.

Money, revenge for his parents ... they all made lovely excuses for everything he'd done. Better than a rejecected lover's nine-year-long fit of pique. In reality -- looked at in the cold, clear light of vodka -- it had always been about James.

He could never have James. Not really, not completely. Sharing him with women he didn't mind, that was only sex, but sharing him with England?

Another swallow.

He'd done his damnedest to make sure James wouldn't have England anymore, not the England he'd known and loved and protected. Let him see England as a shattered wreck, let him try and pick up the pieces --

Only it hadn't been England that had been shattered that day.

But here James was. He'd spent the past six months picking up the pieces.

And did that mean that things had changed? Did that mean that James loved him?

And if it did, what did that mean for Alec? Was he supposed to say 'all is forgiven' and go on with their lives? Sooner or later, they'd have to rejoin the world. Sooner or later, MI-6 would call James to account for his missing months and (because he was the best) they'd want him back. They always did.

And where, Alec wondered, would that leave him? Out in the cold again?

Bloody hell, he was out of vodka.