Discovering Melanie
by Cave

Discovering Melanie Ch. 7

She scrambled towards her things, grabbed them in her arms and heard the click from his phone as she made a run for it, letting her know he had just taken a picture of her retreating form.
Slipping through the grass and hearing the dog bark she ran, and turned some corners, putting a few bushes between them. He could still see her top half, she knew in intense embarrassment and made sure her face was turned away as she tried to pull her leggings back on, forgoing her panties. There was no way she could run out to the path undressed as she was.
The dog barked again, likely in response to her running away, but at least they didnt seem to be following her. She kept her face averted in case he took more pictures. She mentally kicked herself, this could have gone so very, very badly. Why had she neglected to check the path during her routine, she thought as she pulled on her jacket, putting her panties in the pocket.
Using her right arm to shield her face, she carefully looked around. The man and his dog were still walking around the area and though he was not walking in her direction, she was alarmed to see him looking her way. Hurrying back to the footbridge, she quickly put her socks and shoes back on over her wet feet, hoping she wouldnt get blisters.
At least she had properly stretched, she thought wryly as she ran home.
During her shower she thought back to the middle-aged man. Shed basically masturbated for him. What had made her do that? She wasnt sure, but what she did know was that it had been the unusual stretching routine that had turned her on so much.
At least one picture of her was out there now, she realized to her horror, and likely more than one. Hopefully, her face would not be on them. She had been turned away when that first picture was taken, right? After that, she had been running away and then kept her face averted. Even so, hed had plenty of time to memorize her face, assuming he hadnt been too distracted by other things, and would likely recognize her if they ever met again.
After her shower she thought how lucky shed been to get away from there unscathed. Although she couldnt deny how enjoyable it had been up to when she had grabbed her things to run away, she knew she really needed to get a grip on things. She shouldnt be taking these sorts of risks with her life. If he had chased her, she would have had to run half naked out onto the path, and who knows how many people wouldve seen her then?
Reflecting on the previous Saturdays lunch, she knew she had somehow been more embarrassed to be seen by Mark as Josy spanked her than shed been this morning.
Though the idea of talking to Josy about this mornings events scared her to death, she felt a strong need to talk about it and Josy was the only person with whom she could. She also knew they needed to talk about their shopping trip.
Are you okay? Brian asked her before first class, in a worried tone.
Im fine. Didnt sleep so well. Melanie said. Was she that obvious?
I hope you feel better soon, Brian said.
Thanks. By the way, I got assigned a room and will move this weekend, Melanie said, trying to steer towards happier thoughts.
Thats great! Do you need help moving? Brian asked.
I think we got it, but thank you, Melanie smiled at him and he seemed happy with that answer.
She appreciated the offer, but him moving her things was a bit too personal and they didnt really need help as there wasnt much to move. Most of her things would stay at her parents house for now.
After I move, we could go for that run sometime, she suggested.
Id like that. So where are you moving to then?
She told him the location.
Oh, Ive seen that place, its not too far from where I live. Its only few decades old, I think. Strange that they had vacancies in October.
I was a bit surprised myself. They had a dozen open rooms.
Early dropouts or late graduates maybe, Brian said.
Just before lunch, Melanie texted Josy, asking if they could lunch together. She wanted to talk about this mornings incident at the park, but Josy texted back that she already had lunch plans. She really needed to talk to Josy and now was also getting worried that Josy was upset with her about Saturdays shopping trip.
Something happened. Can we talk this evening? Melanie texted Josy during lunch.
Think so. Where?
Good question, Melanie thought. She needed a safe place to talk to Josy.
Not sure. Somewhere private.
Parents will be out. Come over then, Josy texted.
Can you text me after they leave?
Sure.
From Josys curt responses, Melanie got the feeling she didnt really want to talk. Melanie was glad she had agreed to talk to her that evening, and it relieved some of the stress she was feeling. She also got the feeling her friends were taking it easy on her during study hours. Cohen seemed to be holding in his crass jokes and Sarah gave her a knowing look. No, its not that, she thought.
She guessed Brian had said something to them and though it was a nice gesture, it made her feel like a wounded animal.
That evening Melanie rang Josys doorbell after receiving her text.
Do you want something to drink? Josy asked. Mom and dad will be back in about 2 hours.
Some water would be nice, Melanie answered. Can we go to your room?
After going to Josys room, Melanie sat down on the bed and Josy pulled up a chair.
What is it, Melanie?
About Saturday Melanie began.
I told you, you dont need to explain. Josy seemed distant.
Please, Josy, let me. And its not just Saturday. Something happened this morning, Melanie said, feeling the weight of it crashing down on her. She saw Josys expression soften.
What happened, are you okay? Josy asked with worry in her voice.
Can we talk about Saturday first, please?
Josy nodded with a neutral expression. She pushed the memories of the morning run back for now and thought back to their shopping trip.
Saturday was fun, and I was enjoying myself at the store. I hope you were too, Melanie paused to see Josy nod. When you pulled my panties off You know what it does to me. My guess is you like doing that to me.
She paused, remembering the situation, and saw Josy look away.
Just so theres no doubt, I was getting turned on, only wearing my socks in that public change room. Then you asked me that question. I had never considered such a thing. It was crazy and wild, and I wanted it, Melanie explained, her memory of the day slightly colored by hindsight.
You were uncomfortable, I could see it, but still I pushed you into it, Josy said with a troubled expression.
I had doubts. Can you blame me for that? It was new and crazy.
No, I dont blame you for it. I just shouldnt have pushed you, Josy said, eyes cast down.
No I mean yes I mean Josy, look at me.
She gently pulled Josys head up by her chin.
Almost immediately I regretted putting a stop to it, she said as she looked Josy in the eyes.
Why?
Im not sure. Its hard to put into words exactly, she said, looking away and paused for a moment. But the why is not important. Do you know what its like, to be so worked up again and again, and not finding release? Melanie asked, feeling increasingly embarrassed at admitting her sexual urges. As much as she wanted to explain it to Josy, it was still a difficult subject to talk about.
Josy looked at her incredulously and asked, Dont you just you know?
Masturbate? It was difficult, but Melanie felt she had to say it directly. Ive tried.
She left it there and waited for a response from Josy, who seemed to be thinking. It felt strange to have this reversal of character between them, where it was now Melanie who had to push Josy. She wondered what had made Josy so reluctant since Saturday.
And what do you need from me then? Josy asked after a while.
I need your help, Josy. Saturday, I think something broke between us, but I need you to push me the way you did before.
Its not that simple.
Then lets make it simple, Melanie said as she stood up from the bed.
She stood in front of Josy and unbuttoned her pants. Then she grabbed Josys hands and placed them on her hips. Despite the brave front she put on, she was slightly trembling.
Please, Josy, she begged.
Melanie saw the surprise in Josys face, and she raised her head until they locked eyes. Then she saw the smile forming on Josys face.
You know Im not a lesbian, right? Josy asked.
Neither am I, Melanie answered.
Pictures? Josy asked with widening smile.
Melanie considered it. If this were how she could get the old Josy back, she had to try. It was a strange idea that Josy wanted to take pictures, but the idea of pictures made it more exciting for her, similar to being in a public location. However, she didnt want any more pictures of herself out there.
My phone, she said, biting her lip. She was getting aroused just thinking about it.
But I can see them later?
Yes. Do you know how to protect photos? I dont want just anyone finding them if they get hold of my phone.
It took them a minute to figure out how to use a protected folder, choosing a password together and then Melanie stood in front of Josy again, pants still unbuttoned.
This is still weird, isnt it? Josy asked after a moment.
To be honest, its even more weird now that its just us two. Can we go outside? She was suddenly inspired.
I guess, but its pretty cold.
Josy put on a jacket and they went into Josys backyard, to the two chairs in the back of the garden where Josy sat down. Melanie deliberately left her jacket inside and now stood in front of her in the dim light that came from the house, then turned around and wiggled her butt at Josy. From that location, she was happy to see that from here the upstairs windows of her own house were obscured by trees. She had remembered that accurately from the last time shed been there.
Better without the pants, right? She asked.
Josy laughed and slapped her butt, then asked, are you sure?
Melanie wiggled her butt again in answer and Josy started gently pulling her pants down.
Melanie, you minx.
Though she hadnt known where her talk today with Josy would lead, to feel more confident she had chosen sexy underwear that left most of her butt exposed. Despite this, Josys remark still made her blush.
Remove your shoes for me, Josy said when her pants were just past her knees. But keep your knees straight.
Melanie gulped and bent over, glad that Josy was taking charge again. As she started to take off her shoes, Josy slapped her exposed butt, causing her to jump and she nearly fell forwards.
Maybe wait for that till after, she said, yet still wiggled her butt a bit as she pulled off her shoes.
Sorry. Also, I thought about a pun here Josy trailed off. Melanie could guess it might be a joke about the full moon but hoped Josy wouldnt ruin the mood with a joke like that.
Im keeping my socks on, Melanie said after she had removed her shoes and pants and stood in front of Josy again, still facing away. Only socks, just like at the store, she thought.
These are nice panties, Mel, but theyll have to go.
What? She was wearing a loose-fitting warm sweater and thought shed remove that before the panties.
Josy didnt respond. Instead, she ran her finger under the back of the panties, pulling it out of her butt as her finger went down. It sent tingles down her spine. Next she felt Josy trail her hands down the insides of her thighs to her knees.
Youve got goosebumps, Josy said as she slightly lifted her sweater and touched her just above the waistband. Are you cold?
Melanie did feel the cold, but if anything, she was getting hot. The goosebumps were from nerves and Josys touches.
Your fingers feel cold on my skin, but Im fine.
She felt Josys hands on the waistband and faster than she expected, they were pulled down her thighs and dropped to the ground. She stepped out of them.
Second time she was without panties in her neighbors backyard, she realized, thinking back to that lunch now a week and a half ago. How embarrassed shed felt when Mark had seen her naked butt. What if Josy had undressed her like this in front of Mark? She remembered the dream again and how aroused it had made her.
Josy turned her around by her hips. She was standing so close to her, with her pussy almost at eyelevel, she realized. She quickly covered herself with her hands.
You can touch yourself, but not like that, Josy said as she grabbed her hands and pulled them away to the sides, making Melanie blush, then added Time for this to go.
Josy took the hem of her sweater and pulled it up, standing up as she did so.
Here we go, Melanie thought.
Really, Mel? Youre so bad. No bra for me to take off. Josy said as she raised the sweater up and over her head, then indicated Melanie as she said, I think this should be your outfit next time you come to lunch with us.
Melanie gasped at the thought.
How does it feel, standing in our backyard, naked except your socks? Josy asked, then added, Unlock your phone for me. Lighting is not good here, but I have an idea.
Instead of taking the phone, she told Josy her screen lock without hesitation, which made Josy smile.
Okay, wait here. Ill give you a sign and then you come towards the house. Josy said as she picked up Melanies clothes and walked to the backdoor. She put the clothes down, raised Melanies phone towards her and signed.
She had a brief flashback to that mornings incident with the middle-aged man and suddenly Melanie was hit by the realization of her current situation. She was now almost fifteen yards from her clothes, would have to walk naked into the bright light coming from the house and Josy was going to take pictures.
She still felt hot. The cold didnt bother her at all, but she suddenly wanted to cover up, wanted her clothes back. She put one arm over her breasts and one in front of her pussy and started walking towards the house.
These are nice pictures, but try again, Mel, Josy said. This time without the arms.
Please, no. Do I have to? Melanie whined.
Shoo, go, Josy replied, waving her away.
Sighing, Melanie walked back to the chairs. Walking back there was actually easier than walking up to the house. She was in the low lighting again and Josy might not see her that well. She tried to pump herself up, ran her hands over her chest, tweaked her already hard nipples and took some deep breaths. She can do this, she thought as she saw Josy sign again.
Forcing her hands by her side this time, she tried to push her chest out as she walked. Hopefully, it didnt look ridiculous in the pictures, she thought. As she walked, she was extremely aware of the exposure, knowing she was fully visible and naked except for her socks. She felt energized by the experience and was nearly bouncing on her feet when she reached Josy.
Much better, now lets go inside. You must be getting cold, Josy said as she picked up Melanies clothes again.
Let me carry some for you.
No, you cant be trusted with these right now, Josy laughed as they went inside.




