Current location: 
St. Paul, MN 

Current mood: 

creative 

Entry tags: 

!fandom: harry potter, chaptered: how strange, character: james potter, character: peter pettigrew, character: remus lupin, character: sirius black, characters: mwpp, length: 2000+ words, pairing: lily/james, pairing: remus/sirius

How Strange, The Form of Fear: Chapter 15 [Harry Potter]
Fandom: Harry Potter
Title: How Strange, The Form of Fear
Chapter: 15: Wheels, Turning
Summary: In school, the Remus and Sirius perform a complicated spell to marry their thoughts in a subtle but intricate union. Fluffy beginning, epic-length, angsty ending. It sticks somewhat close to canon throughout.
This Chapter: Post-Snape's Worst Memory, James feels like an extra wheel, and Sirius gets an invitation he cannot decline.
Characters/Pairings: Remus/Sirius, eventual James/Lily
Rating/Warnings: NC-17.
AN: Unbeta'd. Also, I just want to thank those of you who have left feedback. It means an awful lot to me. It keeps me writing, truly.
Word Count: 2541

Chapter 15: Wheels, Turning

"I don't get it," Peter leaned back on his bunk and held his glass of firewhisky up to the light. "Aren't Snape and Evans friends?"

"Yeah, they were. I guess that's why she looked so upset at dinner," James answered glumly.

"I'd never say anything like that to a friend," Sirius sniffed. "Not even if I had just been upside-down." He tried to look dignified, but after a moment he could not hold it. He burst into laughter. James, who had been trying for the sake of Evans to act serious about the whole business, couldn't help himself in the face of Sirius' giggles. He broke down as well. Soon, Remus was trying to pretend he wasn't laughing into his sweater sleeve, and Peter was full-out guffawing, though he probably had no idea why.

"You shouldn't have done that," Remus said with a smile.

"Oi, that's what they said to Brutus," Sirius smirked and toasted himself before swallowing another amber mouthful.

"Was that a literary reference, or a historical one?" Remus asked, distracted.

"It was your mum! Who the hell cares? It was both! You are such a boring arse, Remus. I swear, you'll never pull a bird with that kind of attitude."

"Good."

"Won't pull any decent blokes, either," Sirius waved an arm and seemed in real jeopardy of falling off his bed. James snorted with laughter.

Remus gave Sirius a peculiar stare and answered, "Alas, you do seem to be right on that front as well. I'll stick to the indecent ones, then, shall I?"

Sirius' firewhisky splattered as he actually did fall off his bed. James rose to clean it up, and Sirius climbed, cat-like, onto Remus' bed, where he gracelessly and began licking the back of Remus' neck.

"Guys!" Peter whinged. "Really, now? That's not even..."

"Sirius is a horny drunk," Remus answered matter-of-factly. "And it wasn't my idea to break out the firewhisky.

"Well, he wasn't supposed to drink so much," James offered, setting Sirius' now-empty glass on his nightstand.

"James Potter, meet Sirius Black," Remus laughed.

"Alright, alright. Just-- don't do anything that'll make Wormtail puke."

Remus snorted and tilted his head forward even more as Sirius nuzzled behind one of Remus' ears. James could see Sirius whispering and kissing. He shifted a bit, feeling awkward and rather put out.

"So, are they not friends any more?" Wormtail asked.

"Pads and Remus?" James goggled at Peter.

"Snape and Evans, you moron."

"Oh. Right, sorry." James chewed his lip in thought.

"I doubt it," Remus interjected. "She didn't want to talk to him earlier when he grovelled outside the common room. Don't suppose anyone's got a draw? It's been a long day. So glad to be done with O.W.L.'s, though. I was doing revisions in my dreams." Sirius giggled something and Remus laughed a bit. James let the joke pass, not the least bit curious as to what else Remus had been up to in his dreams.

"You know that stuff makes me feel like my brain's on fire," James answered quietly.

"Why'd he say it, then?" Peter could not be deterred.

"Who, Remus? Merlin, I'm confused." James squinted at Peter.

"Regulus," Sirius murmured hauntingly into the back of Remus' neck. Remus smiled.

"Pads, you have some serious family issues if you are thinking about Regulus while doing that," James frowned.

Remus laughed. "What Peter was asking was, why did Snape insult Lily if they're friends? Sirius thinks Snape saw how Regulus treated Lily on that day we had that tussle on the way to Hogsmeade. You know how much Snape wants to be like Regulus. I bet he was trying to imitate Regulus. Impress him, maybe."

"Nutter," James shook his head. "Thank you for the interpretation, professor Moony."

Sirius detached himself from Remus' neck. "I've got some scurvy-grass in my drawer if you want a puff up on the roof, Moony."

Remus nodded and got out of bed, heading straight for Sirius' supply of grass and rolling papers. Remus did look exhausted. He'd studied harder for the O.W.L.'s than any of them, and he deserved to take the night off. For Merlin's sake, why did Pete think they wanted to sit around and discuss Snivellus? "See you later, then," James called at the departing pair.

"Don't let the Death Eaters bite," Remus answered with a smile.

James settled back in bed and looked over at Peter, who sat quietly, appearing to be deep in through. After a moment of rather awkward silence, Peter sighed and asked, "So I guess that's it for Snivellus and Evans, eh?"

"Yeah," James sighed. "'S alright. Friends come and go, you know? She's better off without him hanging on."

"Sure."

"Just feels like..." James sighed. "I mean, I know people say there's a war coming on. But when it starts to hit people we know, when it starts to be about how students treat other students here, where there isn't a war-- Even though I'm glad to have Snivellus away from Evans...

You see, I only hate him more-- him and Reggie-puss-- for bringing their stupid idiocy here, where-- where-- dammit, where it shouldn't be allowed. They can't just go around calling students mudbloods. Remus ought to have reported that. It just makes me so sodding mad," James was speaking through clenched teeth now. "And not just 'cause it's Evans, you know?" He glared at Peter, so Pete nodded enthusiastically. "It's just fuckers like them that make the world seem like it's going to the bleeding squits. Argh. Fuck. I just want to go down to those dungeons right now and punch their ugly faces in. In fact--"

James jumped out of bed and wrested his robe on over his pyjamas. "Fuck this. I'm going to find Sirius and I'm going to remind those fuckers--"

"Sirius is getting stoned!" Peter exclaimed, untwisting himself from his covers to get out of his bunk.

"Good!" cried James. "He has better ideas then. You in or not?" But James was already leaving the room and didn't turn to check whether Peter followed.

*****

Now that O.W.L.'s were over, summer hols were fast approaching. For most students, summer was a time of joy and freedom, and its arrival was celebrated. For Sirius and Remus, the onset of summer was something to mourn. Remus lived in Yorkshire, and Sirius in Godric's Hollow with the Potters. All in all, they could hardly have lived further apart and still both been in England. Sirius, London-born-and-raised, considered either location to be absurdly remote. Summer was better now with the Potters than it had been when he'd had to go home to his mum and dad, but being apart from Remus made him into a pansy, and he hated that most of all. He and James would get in plenty of trouble, Sirius decided, and commit a lot of criminal acts. That way no one would see that he was broken up about being far away from his boyfriend. Maybe they would set something on fire. Something big.

Sirius knew it was pathetic. But he didn't know what to do about it.

All other things being equal, then, Sirius-- begging James' pardon-- was beyond thrilled to find that the note the school owl had dropped onto his buttered toast was from the Lupins, inviting him up for the summer. Nevertheless, he restrained himself and didn't impart this information to James until after dinner that night. He knew James would not take it lightly or well. Sirius, in his place, would not want to be left alone all summer with his parents-- even if his parents were as kindly as the Potters. Finally, though, Sirius knew he could put off the news no longer.

"The whole summer?" James blinked. "Pads, I'm going to die of boredom. Don't do this to me. Come on. Be a mate."

"If you ever pull Evans, I won't say a word when you ditch me for her."

"You wouldn't notice, the way you and Moony are."

"That's not even close to fair." Sirius spread more intently across the sofa in the common room. Several students were sitting on the floor, unable to find seats, but that never prevented Sirius from taking up the couch with a determined sprawl. In truth, he didn't even pay the students much mind. Sirius sat on the floor lots, and when he did, it was because he wanted to sit on the floor. Who was to say those tits weren't there because they wanted to be? Besides, was this the house of Gryffindor or wasn't it? If they wanted a seat at the couch, they'd have to get up the nerve to come on over and ask about it. Sirius honestly didn't know if he'd shove over in that case; no one ever approached him so straightforwardly except his friends. He did always move for them, though.

"What'll I do? All summer alone?"

"Dunno. Have a good tug or ten. A day." Sirius stretched his leg to kick James in the knee. James, sullen, didn't even respond. Sirius frowned. "Oh cheer up, mate! Maybe the Lupins will have you up, too. You're family and all."

"I still can't believe they're having you. Through the fulls and everything, Sirius?"

James and Sirius caught each others' eyes, brows furrowing. "Yeah, I guess. Dunno why not."

"Nevermind, Pads. I'm happy for you, but it'd be my idea of hell to be stuck up there with you two all summer."

"What's that supposed to mean?" Sirius sat up and gave James a disapproving look.

James shrugged uncomfortably. "Nothing. Just, well, you know. It's sometimes a bit like being a third wheel. I'll be fine. I was an only child before. I'll survive."

Sirius frowned but settled back onto the sofa. He was silent and seemed deep in thought for a moment, but when the portrait opened and Peter stepped through, the shadow hanging over Sirius' brow lifted. "Here's Peter. Sorry, Prongs, I've got to talk to Wormtail about our final Divs project."

"Ugh, have fun."

*****

Sirius sprung off the couch and wrangled Pete for several more exciting and enrapturing hours of homework. Post-O.W.L.'s homework was an absolute travesty, but at least in Divs they could make up most of it. Once Sirius and Peter has disappeared through the portrait hole, James sat up[ and stretched. He had his own Divs projects to do, and he'd been paired with Annie Lane of Ravenclaw. He supposed he better find her before she did it all herself and then reported to the teacher that he hadn't helped.

The walk to Ravenclaw Tower gave James time to hink. Of course, he was technically supposed to know where Ravenclaw Tower was, but that secret had been blown back in second year. James supposed it was a good sign that Sirius hadn't liked the idea of making James a 'third wheel'. James couldn't imagine what Sirius had been so deep in thought about, though. Sirius was right. It really was a no-brainer. If James ever settled down, he was sure he'd want to spend less time with Padfoot. He had trouble imagining wanting to spend mroe time with any bird mroe than with his friends, but Sirius and Remus got the best of both worlds there, didn't they? Lucky arses.

The whole summer. Alone. Why did the idea frighten him so much?

*****

The whole summer. Sirius' mind boggled at the idea. Remus' dad had picked them up at King's Cross and they'd all floo'd to a warm (overly so, considering it was summer) and roomy pub in Leeds. From there, they'd gotten into a muggle automobile in the wizarding pub's parking lot. The vrey idea of a wizarding pub having a parking lot was a bit hard for Sirius to grasp. He was used to the wizarding pubs of London's pureblood elite, where nothing was muggle, not even the coat racks. The one at his dad's favorite pub was made from claws of a Chinese Fireball.

Mr. Lupin drove them in the automobile for nearly two hours through the sunny dales of some of the most beautiful countryside Sirius had seen. He and Remus sat in the backseat together, leaving the front passenger seat empty. The boys' fingers touched in the middle seat; Sirius needed the contact, though he wasn't sure whether to ground him from this flying sensation, or to keep him from wigging the fuck out with fear over the prospect of so many things muggle in the weeks and months to come. Probably both.

Sirius Black, brave Gryffindor and proud once-heir to the House of Black (but too bloody good for that House if you asked him), second youngest animagus of all time, was afraid of a muggle parking lot outside of a wizarding pub. It would have been funny to Sirius, if he wasn't afraid of what other muggle oddities might be lying about in Remus' home, waiting to trap an unknowing wizard.

They pulled up in the evening to a small two-story country house in dire need of painting. He and Remus had to carry their own trunks, though Remus' dad helped Remus with his. Sirius and Remus shared a glance and Remus made an apologetic shrug. Sirius could tell he was embarrassed. Sirius didn't mind, though, and he tried to concentrate on how little he minded. He didn't know if Remus could tell or not, through Sirius' moods or whatever, but Sirius thought it was worth a try. Remus' parents seemed like quiet people, and it was clear they weren't overly fond of Sirius, so if he and Remus could get some form of non-vocal communication going, maybe the summer would fare better.

Dinner was a subdued symphony of clinking flatware. After dinner, Mrs. Lupin showed Sirius to the bed she'd made up for him in the parlor: a mattress on the floor. Remus hung back awkwardly while Sirius tucked the sheets around it. Mrs. Lupin watched Sirius' clumsy efforts. It was, after all, possibly one of the five or so times in his life Sirius had been required to ever make up a bed, and doing it in front of Mrs. Lupin was somehow more frightening than making a very dangerous potion blindfolded under Slughorn's nose. Mrs. Lupin finally bid a very terse goodnight to Sirius, told Remus she'd like to speak to him upstairs in ten minutes, and disappeared.

"Sorry about this, Pads." Sirius could hear Remus' embarrassment as well as feel it.

Sirius, sitting cross-legged on his mattress, gave Remus a sheepish half-smile. "The things I put up with for you. I could be home, rolling around on my big bed, having a chieftain to thoughts of you, but instead I'm stuck here in Yorkshire looking in your stupid blue eyes, and I've got to wank downstairs in your house while you sleep upstairs."

Remus grinned. "My stupid blue eyes would love to watch you wank."

"Your mum is waiting on you." Sirius raised an eyebrow.

"Yeah, but they're heavy sleepers. They've got to be, they've learned to sleep through the fulls."

Sirius nodded. "I'll sneak up then."

"Can you give them about three hours?"

"Yeah, whatever."

Remus flashed a fleeting smile at Sirius. "You're the best." He dashed up the stairs, leaving Sirius smiling alone in the dim and unfamiliar parlor.