Title: Keep it in the Family
Rating: NC17
Pairing(s): Spike/Xander/Angel
Chapter : 7/18/
Previous Chapters : Starts here and follow links at bottom.
Warning(s): vamp!Xander
Beta(s): Not beta'd but proofread
Disclaimer: Not mine – believe me, if they were I wouldn't be writing about them, I'd be rolling around in a bed with them!
Summary: What happens when Spike gets a little brother?

“So where the heck is he??”

“Willow – I think you'll find that as an adult, Xander has the right to go away without asking permission.” Verging on the sarcastic, Giles walked away from the research table to put the kettle on. He had the feeling this was going to turn into a large 'doctored' tea type of evening – with both Buffy and Willow realising that Xander had not been in touch with any of them.

“She knows that Giles!! It's just not like Xander to not let us know where he is”.

“Exactly!”

“We live on the Hellmouth – if someone doesn't check in every three days or so, you have to wonder whether they've been turned!”

“BUFFY! Bite your tongue – you know better than to tempt fate like that!”

“Oh please! Every vamp and demon knows that Xander's my friend – they won't want the wrath of the Slayer falling on them for daring to touch one of my friends!”

“Quite right, Buffy – probably why Xander's never been attacked by any demon for fear of incurring your wrath”.

“Exactly Giles, that's totally what I – HEY!! No fair being all sarcastic!”

“Do you really think something might have happened to him?” Willow's quiet voice cut into their banter.

“No, Wills, don't be silly. Riley and the guys have been patrolling pretty heavily lately and vamp numbers are way down. That's kinda why I was hoping my oh so wise Watcher would let me off patrol tonight because I really wanted to see that new movie that's - “

“Buffy! The Initiative's patrols cannot take the place of you undertaking your sacred duty! And I'm not sure I trust either their motivations or their methodology”.

“Huh?”

“I don't think they are purely motivated by the idea of protecting the innocent. That Maggie Walsh, for instance, seems to be a mite too interested in – Willow, what exactly are you doing?”

“I'm getting together the components for a locator spell. I really think Xander has been quite selfish in not letting us know where he is. I'm just going to check on him and make sure he's alright”.

“Well I certainly don't think that's entirely necessary Willow. Such casual use of magic is not a good thing, and just because Xander has gone away for a long weekend - “

“Aven ignora kum”.

“Would either of you girls like a cup of tea?”

“No thanks Giles”. Buffy looked up from where she had been checking her make up. “So it's okay for me to go to the movies, right?”

“What? Buffy, just because the Initiative's soldiers have undertaken a few patrols doesn't mean - “ The phone ringing interrupted, and Giles went to answer it feeling like he had tried to have this conversation with Buffy before. “Hello?? Xander!!”

Tossing aside the components she had gathered, Willow walked over, eager to hear what Xander had to say for himself.

“Right. Oh I see. Well, yes, of course I will let the girls know. Okay then – I hope things work out. Thank you for letting me know. Goodnight then”.

“GILES!! I wanted to talk to him!”

“What? Oh sorry, Willow. Xander was in a bit of a hurry. He said to send his apologies for not contacting you earlier. The construction company needed him to visit another site unexpectedly and he's only just had the opportunity to get in touch. By the sounds of it, this might turn into something long - “

“So where is he?! And when is he coming home? They can't just send him off like this – he has responsibilities and – and - “

“Well actually Willow, they can. He has no obvious commitments – no spouse, dependants or pets. This seems like an excellent opportunity for him to prove his worth to them and perhaps - “

“What do you mean? This could be a permanent thing?!” Her voice rising, Willow's hair was practically standing on end.

“Well he wasn't able to go into much detail, but it did sound – well, this could be a chance for Xander to have a proper life, away from the Hellmouth”.

“Who's getting away from the Hellmouth?”

“Buffy, “ Giles said, exasperated, “have you been paying any attention at all?”

“Sorry, Giles – once I heard it was Xander I switched off. Phone call means no emergency. Look, Riley is meeting me at the movie theatre so I need to get going. You okay getting back to the dorms Will?”

“Surely you have time for a short patrol? I don't think that just because Riley and his pals - “

“He can't leave!” Willow's shout froze both Buffy and Giles in place. “That's completely unacceptable”.

“Er, Will? I think you need to dial things back just a little. If Xander wants to spread his wings and explore....”

“I had the chance to leave, to go to college elsewhere but I stayed because I'm not a quitter. We need to stick together – he can't just go off and - “

“Have a life of his own?” Giles' voice was quiet but determined. “You know, I think Xander may have exactly the right idea. Buffy, please feel free to meet up with Riley directly if you truly feel that a patrol is unnecessary. Willow, I think you need to return to your dormitory and consider what a real friend would want for Xander. As for myself, I have some thinking of my own to undertake. I'm leaving – please throw the lock as you go!”

The two girls watched in stunned silence as Giles grabbed his coat, turned off the kettle and walked out of the store.

“Wow! What crawled up his ass and died?” Ignoring Buffy's exclamation, Willow stared after Giles, a scowl contorting her features. “Guess he's tired huh? Come on, Wills, Giles has officially given us the night off!”

“Buffy, did you even hear what Giles said?”

“Of course I did. Xander may have the chance to build a career away from slayage and his evil parents. Which is of the good if you ask me. Willow, it's not the same for Xander as it is for you and me. What has he got here? Dead end jobs and regular trips to the Emergency Room? I know you gave up the chance to go to college out of Sunnydale, but it's not too late - you could transfer. And, you know, you are in college – you can go on from there, build a future. The only one of the three of us that was trapped here was me but now, with the Initiative – God, don't you see Willow? We could all be free! Just – just think about it, okay?” Laying her hand comfortingly on Willow's shoulder for a moment, Buffy looked at her friend. She knew how difficult Willow found handling change, but for the first time since she had been called, she could see a way out. For all of them. “Come on Will – I'll walk you to the dorm”.

Willow allowed Buffy to lead her out of the shop, her mind racing. There had to be a way to get Xander to see sense and come home. She just had to figure it out. Unbeknown to Giles, she had had keys to the store for quite some time, so if she needed access to any components or books she could come back at any time. And once she'd figured that out, she would have to do something about the Initiative – Buffy needed to stay put as well. They all belonged here – together, and she would do whatever she needed to do to make sure that it stayed that way.

“Right, now that's out of the way, what exactly did you mean Angel?” Relieved that he had managed to speak to Giles and not one of the girls, Xander was feeling quite a bit better about things. He had breathing space before they Scoobies started to worry about him – he had heavily implied that he wouldn't be returning any time soon, and Giles seemed quite happy with his explanation.
“While I was waiting for you to wake, I was doing some thinking about how I could help Willi – Spike. And I realised that there were probably two options. We can either go for removing the chip, or stopping it from working”.

“That makes sense but how would we go about doing either of them? Buffy and Giles said they had been looking into it, but I'm not sure how much I believe them. Neither of them wants Spike unleashed and running around Sunnydale”.

“Oi! You make me sound like a friggin' dog or summat!” Xander sniggered – sometimes Spike made it too easy.

“Well, if I can come up with two potential fix scenarios in 48 hours, it does make me wonder quite what Buffy and Giles were doing. Magical intervention may be the safest way to go - “

“Hell no!! You know how I feel about mojo, especially it being worked on me!” Scowling, Spike threw himself into an armchair, his leg hooked over the arm and his foot swinging erratically back and forth.

“I understand that Spike. But surgery runs the risk of brain damage – Xander, leave it! - and somehow I don't imagine you want to be a vegetable for eternity. So removing it has inherent risks that at this point in time, we don't want to consider”.

“So – stopping it from working?” Xander was still smirking at Angel telling him to leave the jokes alone – there had been so many one-liners begging to escape when Angel said Spike ran the risk of brain surgery, but he obeyed his Sire's command. Besides, it was almost as good knowing that Spike had probably run through most of those jokes in his head, wondering which one Xander had been planning to use.

“Yes. I thought about a degausser, a way of demagnetising it but I'm not sure what that would do to vamp physiology. Which leaves magic. And there are a couple of magic users I would trust with something like that. But it's not just down to me – I want you both to agree.”

“How come I get a say?” Confused, Xander curled up in his corner of the sofa. He wasn't used to anyone actually asking his opinion, and on something this important he wasn't sure he wanted to start being listened to now.

“Course ya get a say you daft pillock! Which part of the three of us being together didn't go into your thick skull?”

“Hey!! This thick skull has saved me from many a beating!” Spike and Xander sniggered, and Angel heaved a sigh. Did he really want to saddle himself with them both?

“Spike's right – this affects all of us, so we all get a say. I would have a number of provisos before we went through with something like this – I would want your word William that you wouldn't attack any innocents, and I would want you to consider working for me here.”

“Here? Doing what? And what's happened to your minions? Not seen them around at all”.

“Erm, Cordelia, Gunn and Wesley are working independently of me”.

“What the fuck does that mean?”

“It means they set up an agency of their own. When we lost Doyle, things fell apart in a big way and it seemed to make sense for them to branch off. I still help them, and they help me – but we're not part of one agency anymore. It stops them being targeted by people who want to get at me”. Xander nodded – he could understand the reasoning behind it and it explained how lonely Angel appeared to be. In effect, he was doing a Lone Ranger thing, and that had to be lonely.

“Right. Can see how that works. Worrabout your visions from the Powers?”

“They dried up after Doyle. I did visit the Oracles and – look, we can go into details later. Suffice it to say Cordy, etc are safer working away from me and we're all relatively content with that decision. So Spike, would you consider it? Because if we do this, I don't want to have to hunt you down for killing innocents”.

“So what – you expect me to want to earn me redemption or summat? Got no soul here mate, no desperate urge to atone for me sins”.

“Do you want to be part of this or not?” Looming over Spike, Angel let his irritation show. “Do you want to be here with me and Xander? Create a family?” Spike avoided Angel's glare, his eyes flickering to Xander who was watching, holding his breath. Did his answer mean that much to the Whelp then? Looked like he really wasn't second choice – that Xander really did care for him.

“Yeah. Yeah I do wanna be here with the pair of ya. And I guess I can suck the blood out of mugger just as easily as a victim”. He heard Xander exhale and unable to resist looked over. Their eyes met and it felt like a bolt of electricity arced between them. Nightmare or no, Xander was definitely interested in Spike and finding it harder and harder to fight his demon's natural desire to be welcomed into the family properly.

“Good. Then I vote yes, and as soon as possible. Spike?”

“Course I'm gonna say yeah. Not the Big Bad with no bite am I?”

“Xander?” Xander nodded his agreement, unable to focus on words at present. The ache in his stomach had lowered to his groin, and he was finding it really difficult to concentrate.

“Right, excellent. I'll contact my source, see how quickly we can go about doing this. I'll be right back”. Relieved that Spike had agreed with a minimum of fuss, Angel strode off upstairs to make the necessary phone calls. A weighty silence lay behind him.

“Ya know I can smell ya”.

“Yeah, I know.”

“Think I got a pretty good idea what's going through your head Pet.” Moving his leg back from over the arm of the chair, Spike spread his legs and slumped down in the seat, the vee formed by his splayed limbs like a landing strip drawing Xander's gaze inwards.

“You think so?” It was like trying to breathe through treacle, and even knowing he didn't need the air Xander was feeling light-headed.

“Oh yeah. Come 'ere Pet”. For a moment, Xander was frozen in place, automatically looking upwards to see if he could figure out where Angel was. “Don't worry about the Pouf. I said come 'ere”.

Pushing himself to his feet, Xander took a step towards Spike.

“Nu huh Pet. On your hands and knees”.