Doctor Hyde (M/M, fist, rape, sad)
by Liam An Scribhneoir


I was 6'4, blond, swimmer's build, and a very 
successful doctor who was classically handsome 
a la Josh Holloway. Tonight, I'd worked on being 
'normal': smooth shaved face & chest, subdued 
clothes, weejans, seltzer with lime instead of 
alcohol, no drugs. I paid off - I'd attracted Kevin: 
no more than 21, 5'6, 130 lbs, red hair, blue eyes, 
smooth faced, shy smile. The kind of boy who'd turn 
a Baptist minister into a lust-crazed chickenhawk.

While we talked and joked, he complimented me on my 
slim hands and long thin fingers. He shared some 
jokes with me, and the fact that he had only recently 
moved to the city, and lived alone. I found out that 
he had turned 18 just prior to his move, and that 
he'd never even been fucked because he was "saving" 
himself for the right man. I told him I found that 
very romantic, sweet, and rare in these days. Before 
he left, he gave me his phone number and address, 
and said he hoped that I'd call him.

I rushed to my hotel to prepare things, and in less 
than an hour, rang his doorbell. He seemed shocked 
but pleased to see me, and invited me inside. I gave 
him the bottle of wine I'd brought, and he was struck
speechless. I'd also brought a cheap pair of wine 
glasses which I filled with wine from the bottle. He 
obligingly down his whole glass. I poured him another 
while I gingerly sipped mine. Soon, I saw his eyelids 
start to droop.

"Hey, you seem really tired" I said "Maybe I should 
go and let you get some sleep? I sorta did barge in."

He said he was really pleased that I'd come buy to 
celebrate our meeting, but agreed that he was very 
tired. He stumbled to the door with me. "See you 
soon?" he asked. I assured him that he would seen me 
again very soon. 

He slurred something, and clumsily closed the door, 
which I carefully caught before it closed completely. 
I waited at his door as he turned off the lights. A 
few minutes after all was quiet, I eased the door 
open, stepped inside and closed it behind me and 
locked it. I waited a few minutes more in the dark 
to make sure the drug had taken full effect. I made 
my way to his bed, and found him sprawled 
across it, still fully clothed. 

"Kevin." I called, then louder "Kevin?". He didn't 
even stir. I turned on the lamp beside his bed, and 
rolled him onto his back. I lifted one eyelid, and 
smiled to myself when I saw that he was deep in la-
la land.

It took almost no time to strip him completely naked. 
I ran my hands over his body, stopping only to pinch 
his right nipple. No response. I stripped myself, 
then set my old-fshioned leather doctor's bag 
beside him on the bed. Taking a disposable razor 
from the bag, I deftly shaved off all his pubic hair.
By then my cock was hard with anticipation.

I pulled on a pair of surgical gloves, and selected 
a large gauge needle and a surgical steel ring of 
equal size. I pinched up his right nipple and 
clamped on a set of Pennington mini forcepts. 
Holding them in my left hand, I pushed the needle 
through the nipple held taught in their triangular 
opening. He moaned and moved a bit in response. I 
fitted the ring to the open end of the needle, 
then forced it through his nipple. Detaching the 
needle, I used a pair of opening pliers to open 
the heavy gage ring just enough to pop the 
matching captive bead in place. I'd filled the 
depressions in the bead with perma-bond. I repeated 
the procedure with a second ring, but this time 
forced the needle through his piss slit and out the 
top of his dick just behind his cockhead, giving him 
a reverse PA. This brought a bit more movement and 
noise from him, but I knew it'd be a hours before 
he really came to.

When I looked at what I'd done, my cock grew even 
harder than it had been while I was performing the 
procedures. The only way he'd ever get those rings 
out would be to have someone use a heavy duty bolt 
cutter on them, if he worked up enough fortitude 
to do that. I wondered if, when he finally awoke 
tomorrow, he would appreciate the expense as well 
as the effort that had gone into doing this to him.

I rolled him on his belly, and spread his hairless 
buttocks to look at his ass-hole. It was puckered and 
light pink, and made me catch my breath as I realized 
that he might actually still be a genuine virgine. My 
dick twitched, and a large glob of pre-cum dripped 
from it.

I smeared a small tube of KY on my gloved right hand, 
and spread his buttocks again with my left hand for a 
clear view as I sank my index finger inside. He was 
indeed tight. I felt around inside him a bit until I 
found his prostate, and then I vigorously massaged 
it with my finger. I pulled my finger back out of 
him, and saw that it was slightly bloody. I knew then 
that he really was a virgin. I smiled, and my dick 
oozed a steady drip of pre-cum. It was all exquisitly 
perfect. 

I stuck two fingers back in him, and then forced a 
third finger in. His grunted moan rose a bit in 
volume. Then I worked in my pinky, and finally my 
thumb, forcibly stretching his virgin hole. He 
started making a low non-stop moan which only served 
to arouse me that much more. His anal ring was 
convulsing madly, trying to expell my fingers. I 
shifted position, then leaned forward, gradually 
adding more and more of my weigh behind my hand. 

I knew the moment when I won the battle against 
Kevin's anal ring. It clamped down, convulsed, and 
relaxed just enough that a bit more of my hand slid 
inside. This caused his ring to clamp and then almost
immeditely convulse. So it went over the next half 
hour until all that all of my hand that remained was 
the base just before it narrowed to my wrist. My 
heart was racing as I put all my weight behind my 
hand, and watched in rapt attention as my hand 
disappeared up the boy's asshole. 

His ring clamped tightly around my wrist, and his 
rectum began convulsing to try to force my hand 
back out. His moan turned into a bit of a wail, 
and he thrashed a bit. He was far too drugged to 
even defend himself. I doubted that he'd even 
remember what actually had happened. I loved the 
way his formerly virgin rectum was convulsing 
around my hand, trying in vane to force it out, 
while be moaned and writhed.

Clenching my fist inside him, I began to fuck his 
rectum with it. I became faster and more brutal 
as the minutes ticked by. All the while he moaned 
and writhed weakly on the bed. Finally, I pulled 
my hand entirely from his hole only to shove it 
all immediately back in. This brought renewed 
effort and more noise on his part, but still all 
he could do was writhe helplessly on his bed. 

I jerk my hand from his hole, and I stared at his 
violated hole. My cock throbbed for attention, 
so I shoved it up his violated hole. It felt good 
being up inside him, knowing that I had been the 
first to have him. I'd gotten anything and 
everything that even resembled a cherry about 
his hole. I love fucking a sloppy open asshole, 
so I fucked hard and long until I shot a huge 
sticky load deep inside him.

I rolled him back on his back, and stood over him 
as I let go a bright yellow stream of piss which 
I aimed directly in his face. It plastered down 
his hair, and soaked into the mattress under him. 

I casually put my clothes back on, and packed up 
all my instruments. Leaning over him, my lips 
close to his ear, I whispered in a sweet tender
loving voice "Thank you for keeping yourself for 
me, Kevin. It was wonderful."

I let myself out, making sure that his door 
clicked and locked securely. As I walked out 
onto the street and joined the human traffic 
there, I delighted in two things: that no one 
else would ever know what I'd just done to Kevin,
and none of the public had any idea that, amongst
high-paid doctors, there were many that made me
look like a choir boy.  


END
*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*
The author does not condone child abuse, this story is
meant as an erotic fantasy not real life. Anyone acting
out such scenarios in "real life" can look forward to
many years as a convict in their local prison.
*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*=*-*
