Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Bimbo App Chapter Seventeen: Bimbofying the Hot Weather Girl
Summary: The busty weather girl is turned inot a bimbo-slut!
Keywords: MF mF mFf mf MFF mc oral creampie anal A2M wife cuck bond inter

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this!

Bill Crest

Maggie Storm, the hot weather girl from Channel 4, giggled behind me, her heels clicking on the sidewalk as she followed me to my truck. The first of the two women I had to trade that little creep who owned my daughter had been bimbofied. He wanted this slut and a famous porn star.

I had no fucking clue how I was getting the second.

I wrenched open the door to my truck and climbed in. I slid across the bench seat to the steering wheel. Maggie Storm followed in, her red hair swaying. She wore a beige trench coat, her legs clad in nylons. 

Ooh, ooh, a truck, she said. Wow. This is so neaty. I bet we could endure all sorts of naughty weather in here! There's a twenty-thirteen percent chance of rain! And that's rain! She had such a serious look on her face that was at odds with the empty-headed gleam in her eyes. Then there's lightning. Clash! She clapped her hands together.

Right, right, I said. What do you have under that trench coat.

Under? She stared down at it. I don't remember! Let's find out!

She opened her trench coat and revealed a light-blue blouse and a gray skirt. The blouse had a nice V neckline to show off her killer cleavage. She must be wearing a push-up bra to make those big tits look so prominent. The eye-candy of channel 4.

Ooh, ooh, I have clothes on! she said as my dick got so hard.

Yep, I said and unzipped my pants. I reached in and pulled out my cock. You have clothes on.
Cock! Her eyes stared at it like a cat at a laser pointer shining on a wall. She followed the minute movements of it. There's a fifty-eighty percenty chance of a blowjob storm!

She leaned over and engulfed the crown of my cock. She swallowed it. I groaned as her mouth slid over the crown of my dick. She swallowed my cock with her hot lips. I shuddered at the feel of her sucking on me. She nursed with passion on my dick.

It was an incredible rush to have her nursing on me like that. She suckled with the excitement only a bimbo-whore could have. I groaned as I savored the way she bobbed her mouth. She worked her lips up and down my dick, suckling with might.

Shit, that's good, I groaned. That's fucking amazing. Just like that. Goddamn, that's absolutely fantastic. Yes, yes, just work that mouth up and down my dick. Damn, you're an amazing whore. Yes, yes, just the best fucking weather girl in the business.

She squealed in delight. The bimbo weather girl nursed on me with passion. She suckled with all the force of a tornado. I groaned, leaning back in my seat. I closed my eyes and enjoyed Maggie Storm blowing me. 

Maggie fucking Storm had her mouth working up and down my dick. I groaned as she drove me wild with her sucking. My nuts twitched and throbbed in her mouth. This was an incredible rush. She was just fantastic. I enjoyed every last second of this bliss. My hands clenched and relaxed.

That's it, I groaned. Such a good weather girl. Damn, you're going to get all that cum you crave. Hundred percent chance of jizz!

She ripped her mouth off my cock and giggled, Never ever never be oney hundred percenty. She grinned. Weather is a fi... a fick... Weather is dummy stupid and doesn't always do what you want it to. Be ninety-fivey-twenty percent.

Just suck my cock, slut, I growled.

I lovey sucking dicks, she moaned. I suck my news manager's dick all the time. And he cums on my tits and then I do the news with his jizzies all over them like snow and I feel so naughty and it makes me so wetty so that he fucks me when I'm done and fills me with his cummies and says I'm a very, very goody weather girl. Just the bestest in the biz.

God, you were a bimbo-whore before I bimbofied you, I groaned. Well, he doesn't get to fuck you any longer. I own your ass. For now.

Yay! she squealed. My ass is so happy to be owned by you, Bill!

She swallowed my cock again. I groaned as she suckled on me. How the fuck did she know my name? I didn't say it. Was that the app? I had only bimbofied my three ex-wives, and they all knew who I was. 

Fuck, I didn't care. I had Maggie Storm sucking my dick. The ditzy redhead nursed on me with passion. I just savored it, her mouth working up and down my dick. She was so one-hundred percent getting a mouthful of my jizz.

I closed my eyes and just enjoyed her sucking me as I was parked on the street, the meter ticking down. I still had twenty minutes on it. I would get my money's worth. I hated coming into the city. But this was worth it. 

She worked her mouth up and down my cock with passion. She nursed on me with all her might. I loved that wonderful suction. It was fantastic to enjoy. My heart pounded in my chest as I loved the way that hot mouth suckled on me.

Fucking whore, I groaned. That's it. Suck my dick. That's what a good weather girl does. She sucks her owner's dick!

She moaned around my cock. I bet that made her happy. 

I groaned as the pressure at the tip of my cock swelled. I loved what she did to me. That felt amazing. The pressure in my nuts swelled for that bursting point. I would just erupt into her mouth. Just flood her with all the cum that I had.

She slobbered on my cock. She suckled with such passion. I enjoyed every last second of her blowjob. I would have a mighty cum. Just flood her mouth with everything that I had. I groaned, my face twisting in delight. She had a mouth on her.

Goddamn, I groaned. Fuck, that's good. Damn, just keep sucking on me, whore.

She did. She suckled with such magnificent delight on my cock. I couldn't last much longer. I grabbed a fistful of her red hair and held her down. Not that any bimbo wouldn't be eager to swallow my cum. I shuddered and erupted.

Yes! I growled and bucked.

My cock spurted into her mouth. Maggie Storm gulped down my cum. She swallowed that delight. It was an incredible rush to have her swallowing my jizz. I loved erupting into her mouth, the ecstasy slamming into my mind.

Blast after blast of rapture fired from my cock and burst across my thoughts. I loved every last second of this delight. The pleasure swept through me. I groaned as she gulped down my cum. She moaned and shifted around.

Maggie fucking Storm, I breathed, my eyes closed as I enjoyed erupting one last time.

The bliss of cumming swept through me. I breathed slowly, reveling in the power I had over Maggie Storm. I had one of the whores down to get back my daughter. Barbie would be coming home to me. She would be my bimbo. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Eric Murphy

Mrs. Juarez came back all happy after a day of being a gloryhole bimbo. The married teacher hummed, her hands rubbing at her belly while cum spilled down her thighs. She looked so happy, so eager to fuck me, but I sent her to the shower.

I wasn't about to touch her when she was soaked in other men's cum.

She hit Level 3 today and had made me $11,575. I cashed out what she made. After the App took its 10% cut, $10,417.50 was deposited into my PayPal account. I now had a balance of $28,980.26. 

Christ, I groaned as I stared at the total. It was so much money. I couldn't even imagine having that much money. Fuck, Christ, fuck.

I wanna fuck! Mrs. Mayers pouted as I stared at the total. My newest bimbo was looking so eager. She had to go off to be a barfly bimbo-whore soon, but there was time to enjoy her mouth. Pleasey please, Eric!

Sure, sure, I said. Come sit on my dick!

Yay, the MILF from next door squealed. I loved watching her do her yoga in her backyard, now she was my bimbo and her husband was a third cuckold simp. 

The busty and gorgeous Mrs. Mayers straddled me. She had a toned and athletic body. Yoga kept her in amazing shape. Her short bob of auburn hair swayed around her face. She had such a soccer mom haircut. Her green eyes sparkled as she grabbed my dick and lifted it up to her pussy.

I shuddered as the sexy MILF plunged her cunt down my dick. The wonderful warmth of her married pussy engulfed my cock. I loved cucking her husband. It was so hot having this busty wife impaled on my shaft. She squeezed down on me.

I groaned as she lifted her twat up my dick. It was just an amazing rush to have her hot pussy around my cock. I loved the tightness of her cunt as she rode me. She gripped my shoulders and moaned in delight.

Ooh, ooh, I get to ride the bestest besty best cock in the wholly world! she moaned as her pussy slammed down me. 

That's fucking right, I groaned, savoring that wonderful pussy sliding up and down me. Damn, that's good. That's so fucking good. Just work that pussy up and down my dick. Just like that.

She smiled and nodded, riding me with her hot twat. I groaned, savoring the rush of her snatch gripping my dick. She wiggled her hips from side to side, stirring her cunt around my dick. The pleasure swept through me.

I loved that married pussy riding me. I gripped her rump, savoring her hot twat massaging my dick. Her boobs bounced before me. I groaned and buried my face in between her breasts. I loved those soft tits around my head. 
Yay! she squealed and hugged 
me to her boobs. I rubbed my face back and forth between them as she worked up and down me. So goody of you to let me do this!

Yeah, I groaned, loving her hot pussy slamming down my cock before she slid back up me. I groaned at how wonderful that was. She had such an amazing snatch. Shit, that's good.

So goody great, Eric! she whimpered. Ooh, ooh, that's juts amazey great. I lovey it so much! My pussy lovey doveys your biggie cock and kisses it! Yay, yay, do you enjoy my pussy kisses!

So fucking much, I groaned. But it's more like a pussy blowjob.

She giggled. So funny! My pussy is all blowy your cock and making it wanna just bursty in me! Then I get cummies! Yippee!

She plunged her cunt down my cock with such enthusiasm. I groaned into her breasts, squeezing her butt-cheeks. Her rump flexed beneath my fingers as she worked her twat up and down my dick. She massaged me with that delicious snatch, sending me closer and closer to cumming in her.

I would just erupt in her snatch. Just flood her with my jizz. It was a fantastic rush having her cunt work up and down my dick. I loved how she massaged me with that hot twat. She held me with it. I groaned, reveling in this passion.

She undulated her hips and stirred her cunt around my dick. She massaged me with that hot twat. Her pussy caressed me and drove me wild. I loved it so much. I hurtled closer and closer to cumming in her snatch. I would just fill her cunt with all my spunk. I couldn't wait to flood her.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned as she slammed her twat down my dick. Fuck, that's good. That's so good.

It's goody great! she moaned. My pussy blowyjob will make you bursty so hard, Eric! I lovey your cock and your dick and you oh so muchy much!

Good, I growled as she squeezed her hot cunt around my dick. The pressure grew and grew in my nuts. I rose toward that mighty bursting point. I would just flood her with all my jizz. I ached to erupt in her. I groaned as I came closer and closer to spurting my jizz into her twat. Fuck, that's amazing. Keep riding me like that!

She slammed down my cock then rose back up me. My nuts tightened as her hot, married twat massaged me. Her juicy flesh squeezed about my dick, swelling me toward the bursting point. I had such a big load of cum for the whore. 

Her hot twat worked up and down me. My fingers tightened into her butt-cheeks. I rubbed my face back and forth between her big boobs. She moaned, bouncing on my dick and gasping our her delight. I just wanted to feel her cumming on me.

Ooh, ooh, it's so goody riding your cock! she squealed. I'm a cowgirly rodeo slut!

What?

Her pussy slammed down my cock and convulsed. I loved the way her hot cunt rippled around my dick. That was a fantastic sensation. She nursed on me with that delicious snatch. I loved every second of her twat spasming around me. My fingers dug into her rump.

I erupted into her cunt.

The pleasure slammed through me as I flooded my married bimbo with my cum. I filled her to the brim with blast after blast of my jizz. It was an incredible rush to have all that jizz erupting from my cock. I basted her snatch.

Ooh, ooh, cummies in my cunny! the climaxing bimbo moaned, holding me tight to her breasts.
I groaned between those lush tits as I pumped her cunt full of my spunk. I filled her with my seed as her hot pussy rippled around me. She suckled at me with that wonderful twat. It felt so amazing. I erupted into her snatch again and again. 

The pleasure slammed into my mind again and again. I was in heaven as I unloaded into her snatch. I filled her up. Her cunt rippled around me, suckling out every drop of cum that I had in my nuts. Bliss filled me as I finished erupting.

Damn, I groaned, my head lolling back on the couch. I stared up at the ceiling, feeling so damned good right now.

Ooh, I have to get going to the bar! Mrs. Mayers gasped and lifted her cunt off my cock. She darted for the coat rack and grabbed her beige trench coat. She pulled that on as Mrs. Waters came down the stairs to go work her shift at the strip-club. Bye, Eric!

Bye-bye! Mrs. Waters said.

The two bimbos were out the door while a naked and wet Mrs. Juarez rubbed at her pussy. She looked so eager for me. I smiled at her and grabbed my phone. She had hit Level 3. All the other bimbos so far had a choice at Level 3, but she had already had one at Level 2, whether she would be a cocksucker or a pussy licker. 

I tapped her profile on the app and saw that there was no choice for me to pick at Level 3. She would become a Cum Slut Bimbo. She would crave cum so much. Just want to drink it down, preferably straight from the source.

She licked her lips and stared at my wet dick. A new perk popped up for her now that she was Level 3. The Gloryhole Slut Extraordinaire perk costed 30 Bimbo Crystals and would allow her to earn 25% more at the gloryhole. 

An easy buy. It dropped me to 339 Crystals.

The jangle of handcuffs echoed through the house. I looked up to see Tina racing from the back with her handcuffs in hand and her nurse hat on her head. My bimbo-girlfriend had that look in her eyes. She still loved bondage even as a nurse dedicated to taking care of me.

Eric, Eric, I lovey you oh, so much with all my heart! She shook the cuffs before me. Please, please, lovey me back with all your heart and cock and soul and cum and handcuffs!

I smiled at her and took the cuffs from her. Hand behind your back, Nurse Tina! You've been bad!

I have! Her eyes widened and tears filled in them. I don't mean to be b-bad. I'm so sorry!

I winced and now I felt bad. No, no, you've been... naughty. And have to be cuffed. You're never bad, Tina. You're an amazing nurse bimbo-girlfriend.

She instantly brightened up. Yay! I'm not bad, I'm naughty and goody and wondermustful!

Sure, sure, whatever made-up words you want to say, I said. Now turn around to be cuffed!
She turned around and thrust her hands behind her back. Her cute rump wiggled at me while her pussy juices already trickled down her thighs from her shaved cunt. I slapped the cuff on her right wrist then her left. They ratcheted but not tight. I didn't want to hurt her. 

Now, fall to your knees and lick out Mrs. Juarez's pussy! I growled. Stat!

Yes, Dr. Eric, sir! she squealed.

Tina darted to our teacher, red hair flying behind my girlfriend. She dropped to her knees and pressed her face into the bimbo-teacher's cunt. The Latina MILF gasped in delight, her golden-brown boobies jiggling.

Ay carambaiiiii! she moaned, her body shaking. That's so goody of you. Ooh, ooh, such a naughty and nicey nurse. I lovey you, Tina!

I lovey you and your pussy and your cunt and all your nummy juices! Tina moaned, her voice muffled by the teacher's hot cunt.

I smiled and moved up behind my bimbo. I was so ready to just fuck her hard. I dropped to my knees and rubbed my wet cock into her hot vulva. I thrust into my bimbo-girlfriend's cunt. She moaned in delight as filled up her pussy.

It was so delicious being in her snatch. She was even tighter than Mrs. Mayers. This wasn't a whore's pussy. Only my dick had ever been in this cunt. Would ever be in this cunt. I would never, ever give this slut up.

I pumped away at her twat. I fucked the girl I loved. My best friend. God, I would marry her one day. Make her my bimbo-bride. I smiled as I thought of that. I pounded her with force. I thrust to the hilt in her cunt again and again.

Ooh, ooh, such a naughty putay girl! moaned Mrs. Juarez. She squirmed there, grinding her thick bush into my girlfriend's face. Yes, yes, just all lickying me! Ooh, ooh, just loveying my coo!

Yes, love that coo, I groaned, fucking my girlfriend in the cunt hard. I pounded her snatch. She had just a wonderful twat. Eat her out and drown in her pussy cream, Nurse Tina! That's what naughty girls have to do!

Yeppers! she moaned, her cuffs rattling. Her fingers twitched. She licked at the Hispanic bimbo's twat, just feasting on her. It was hot to witness.

I loved the sight as I fucked my bimbo-girlfriend's cunt. I pounded her with force. I buried deep and hard into her as she ate out the whore's cunt. Our bimbo-teacher gasped and groaned in delight, loving what Nurse Tina did.

The naughty bimbo-nurse feasted on the teacher's cunt. I knew Tina was in heaven right now. She had her hands cuffed and her pussy full of my cock. Plus, she had the bonus of devouring another bimbo's snatch. 

I could feel the happiness from how she squeezed her cunt around my dick. She massaged me with her hot snatch as I fucked her cunt with force. I buried into her again and again, my nuts slapping into her taint.

Yummy pussy! moaned the naughty bimbo-nurse. It tastes so healthy and goody and perfecty and nummy!

I'm so glad to hear that, I groaned as I fucked into her snatch. Yes, yes, you have to keep all my bimbo-whores healthy, Nurse Tina!

I'm on it, Dr. Eric! she moaned, her pussy clamping down on my dick.

You're a doctor? Mrs. Juarez gasped. Oh, oh, I always knew you were a smartypantsy boy! Yay! That's so neaty! Dr. Eric!

I groaned as I fucked into my girlfriend's cunt. Bimbos were so impressionable. I loved it. I thrust to the hilt in Tina's cunt again and again. It was just so hot having her pussy around my cock. She held me tight as I fucked her hard and fast. I buried into her with such force. It was a delight to fuck her like this. To experience this joy around my dick.

She had such a wonderful cunt around my cock. It was fantastic to enjoy. Just a wonderful moment to fuck her twat. I enjoyed every last second of her hot cunt around my dick. She would have me cumming soon. I would be erupting into her twat.

Just filling my cuffed bimbo-nurse with my jizz.

Mrs. Juarez moaned, her big, golden-brown tits jiggling over my head. She swayed from side to side there, her face twisting in delight. She quivered there as I fucked to the hilt in that hot and tight nurse cunt. I pounded her hard and fast.

My dick buried deep and hard into her snatch. I fucked her with force. I loved how she gripped me. She held me tight with that amazing twat. She felt so good about me. I loved every thrust into her snatch. I churned her up, her cunt massaging me.

Ooh, ooh, Dr. Eric, she moaned. My sexy wexy boyfriend! I lovey it when you fuck me while I'm doing my checkies ups of pussies! Ooh, I have to wiggle about in her cunty hole like this!

Mrs. Juarez gasped. Yes, yes, checky up my pussy! I lovey it. Ooh, ooh, such a good putay nurse! Tina! Tina!

I slammed to the hilt in my girlfriend's cunt as she feasted on the teacher's twat. I stirred her up, my nuts slapping into her shaved vulva. Into her clit. She moaned, her cuffs rattling as she feasted on hot pussy. 

Owning my bimbos was so wild. 

I fucked her hard and fast, the pressure building in my nuts. I hurtled toward that moment of eruption. I wanted to burst in her cunt. I just ached to explode in her. It would be so fantastic. The pleasure built and built in my nuts.

I loved plunging away at her snatch. I fucked her with force. I pounded her with everything that I had. It was just so great to slam into her. She moaned into Mrs. Juarez's pussy. The teacher tossed her head, her dark hair dancing.

Ooh, ooh, that's so goody! gasped Mrs. Juarez. I'm gonna cummies! Ay carambaiiii!

She bucked as she drowned my bimbo-girlfriend in pussy cream. It was so hot to watch as I fucked to the hilt in Tina's cunt. She moaned as she licked up the juices. My cock churned up her twat, my nuts about to erupt.

You did a great job, Nurse Tina! I groaned. Just fantastic job!

Yay! she squealed, her pussy clamping down on my cock. I did an awesomey job. Yay!

Her pussy went wild around my cock. She squealed as she came. I groaned as her pussy rippled around my dick. It was wonderful having all that bliss washing around me. The pleasure suckled at me as I buried to the hilt in her cunt.

Fuck, yes! I groaned as I erupted into Nurse Tina's pussy.

Cummies! she gasped, her cunt spasming around my erupting dick.

I spurted my jizz into her cunt. Each blast sent bliss sweeping through my body and crashing into my mind. I groaned with each eruption as I basted my bimbo-girlfriend's twat in my seed Her pussy writhed around me. She suckled at me.

I groaned while Mrs. Juarez whimpered. Her head tossed and boobs jiggled as she ground her furred muff on my bimbo-girlfriend's mouth. Tina's twat suckled at my dick. She nursed out my cum. I grunted as I filled her with my jizz.

Nurse Tina! gasped the bimbo-teacher. Her boobs jiggled. Oh, that's so good, Nurse Tina!
Yes, it is, I groaned, my cock throbbing in Tina's pussy. I erupted one last time. Fuck, you're great!

I am greaty great! Tina squealed. She ripped her mouth from the teacher's pussy and turned around on her knees, her cunt sliding off my cock. She had such a big smile on her lips. She couldn't throw her arms around my neck, they were cuffed behind her, but she could kiss me.

Her lips were soaked in spicy pussy cream. I loved that so much. It was a wonderful moment to experience. I kissed her. She thrust her tongue into my mouth. She flicked around in me. I shuddered at how good that was.

I stroked my hands down her side as we made out. Her boobs rubbed into my chest, her nipples hard. I loved kissing her. I gripped her hips, my dick dripping in her pussy cream. She whimpered into the kiss, so loving.

I need the cummies in her! exploded from Mrs. Juarez. Now, now, now! There are jizzies to lick up! Please, please, I have to lick them up and enjoy them and drink them out of her pussy!

I broke the kiss and smiled. Tina, you have to sit on her face. It's the only fair way she can get the cum out of your pussy with you cuffed. She needs it! Stat!

Righty away, Dr. Eric, Tina said, grinning from ear to ear. I lovey you so much. I'm your nursey-girlfriend!

Yes, you are, I said.

She moved on her knees as Mrs. Juarez sank onto her back. The MILF lay there, her big boobs piling into two lush mounds. They were so hot to look at. I loved the sight as I grabbed a throw pillow off the couch. Mom kept them scattered about. 

I lifted Mrs. Juarez's hips and shoved it beneath. Her rump settled down on it. That was perfect. I loved how it elevated her up to the perfect position to fuck her. My dick was so hard. Just so eager to pound her asshole. 

Tina planted her bald muff on the teacher's mouth. The bimbo-nurse gasped, her hands bound behind her back. She shuddered, her round boobs jiggling. She moaned, her face twisting in delight. Mrs. Juarez trembled as she licked all the cum out of Tina's cunt.

Cummies, sighed the teacher in relief.

She really was a cum-slut now.

I smiled and pressed my wet cock into the teacher's butt-crack. I found her asshole and thrust against it. She moaned into my bimbo-girlfriend's cunt. That was hot to hear as I drilled again that backdoor. The teacher's anal ring widened and widened.

She moaned as her asshole slid around my cock. I groaned as I sank into the velvety grip of her backdoor. I loved the way her bowels engulfed me. She had such a wonderful grip on my cock. It was just fantastic to be all the way in her.

Shit, I groaned. Oh, shit, that's good. Damn!

Ay carambaii! whimpered the MILF. You're so naughty, Dr. Eric! Ooh, ooh, your biggie dick is in my buttyhole!

Yep, part of your exam, I groaned. Rectal examine. I have to ass-fuck you while you lick my cum out of Nurse Tina's yummy cunt!

I have a yummy cunt! Tina squealed in delight and bounded on the teacher's face. Yippee!

I sank to the hilt in Mrs. Juarez's asshole. The bimbo-teacher moaned, her boobs jiggling as she gripped my cock in her bowels. I loved that wonderful filling of having her around me. It was an exciting rush to have all her velvety sheath squeezing about me.

I gripped her hips and drew back my dick. She moaned into my bimbo-girlfriend's pussy. I loved the sounds that Tina made as she squirmed on the teacher's mouth. Tina whimpered, her red hair dancing and boobs bouncing. She looked so sexy with her nurse's cap perched on her head.

Lick all the cummies out of my pussy, staty! gasped Nurse Tina. Ooh, ooh, that's it. Licky my pussy, you slutty patient! Yes, you have to eat all the cummies out of me! Dr. Eric says so! He's always super righty!

Yes, I am, I growled, fucking to the hilt in the teacher's tight bowels again and again.

I reveled in her velvety sheath squeezing around me. She massaged me with that delicious asshole. I loved pumping away at her. She gripped me with force. She drove me wild with her tight bowels. It was an exciting moment. I fucked into her hard and fast. I thrust to the hilt in her again and again.

She squeezed down on me. She held me tight with her bowels. I loved how she gripped me with her anal sheath. I fucked to the hilt in her again and again. It was just fantastic to feel her squeezing her bowel around my dick.

Dr. Eric! Mrs. Juarez moaned. Ooh, ooh, you're examining my buttyhole with your big dick! It's so awesomey! Ooh, mi hermosaiii is such a studly hunk! I lovey your dick in me! I lovey you!

Love you, too, I groaned.

And you love me! squealed Tina, squirming on the bimbo-teacher's mouth. You love my boobies and my pussy and my buttyhole and my lips and my nipples and my eyes and my kisses and my blowyjobs and my pussy examines!

God, yes, I groaned. I love my naughty nurse!

She squealed and ground her cunt onto her teacher's lips. I loved the way she squirmed there. It was such an amazing moment to have all this rapture sweeping through me. I shuddered, pumping away at the teacher's asshole.

I groaned with each thrust into her anal sheath. I loved how she gripped me with her asshole. She had just a wonderful hold on my aching dick. I pounded her hard, my nuts slapping into her taint. I rose toward my orgasm.

I would have a big one. Just flood her with all my jizz. I couldn't wait to unload in her. Just to pump my spunk into her snatch. I thrust into her hard and fast. I pounded her with force. I loved how she gripped me.

She held me with her tight asshole. Thrust to the hilt in her again and again. I loved how she felt around my cock. She had such an amazing grip on my dick. That was fantastic. It was just the best delight to enjoy.

Ooh, ooh, there's no more cummies, but there's juicies! squealed Mrs. Juarez.

Yes, yes, drink, my healthy and vitimany pussy juices! gasped Nurse Tina. 

So fucking healthy, I groaned as I fucked the teacher's asshole.

I pounded her hard and fast. I thrust to the hilt in her anal sheath again and again. I pounded her with force. I loved hammering with all that I had. She squeezed her bowels down around me, bringing me closer and closer to cumming in her.

I just wanted to explode in her bowels. I fucked her so hard. I pounded her with such force. It was just such a wonderful thrill to hammer her. I felt it was fantastic to pump away at her pussy. I thrust to the hilt in her.

Ooh, ooh, Tina moaned, her head tossing. Yeppers!

She shuddered and bucked on the teacher. Tina's tits bounced. Her cuffs rattled as she drowned the teacher in hot cunt cream. It was a delicious sight to watch. I thrust to the hilt in Mrs. Juarez's bowels over and over again.

She squeezed her asshole twat around my dick. She licked up the cream gushing out of Tina's snatch. It was just a hot time to hammer into the teacher's velvety hole. I loved it so much. I fucked her with force, the pressure in my nuts about to burst.

Ay carambaiiiiii! she howled, her asshole convulsing around my dick.
I groaned at the pleasure rippling around my dick. It was magnificent. I thrust to the hilt in her asshole and erupted. The pleasure swept through me. I shuddered, exploding again and again into her spasming bowels.

Shit, I groaned as I flooded her asshole with my jizz.

The ecstasy slammed through me. The pleasure crashed into my mind. I groaned with each eruption. I watched Tina's tits bounce as she squirmed through her orgasm. I grunted through mine, reveling in the euphoria firing from my dick.

Mrs. Juarez's hot asshole milked my cock. She worked out all the cum in my balls. I groaned as I erupted one last time into her flesh. I panted as the pleasure peaked in me. I sucked in deep breaths, enjoying this buzzing delight.

It was a perfect passion to have all this ecstasy sweeping through me. I felt so good right now. Just so damned amazing. I licked my lips, my body humming from the delight. This was just an excellent moment.

Fuck, I groaned. Damn, that's good.

I felt so good as I pulled out of her asshole. I rose, my mind whirling with the possibilities. I sank down on the couch and grabbed my phone. I really wanted to go see my dad and show off the bimbo app to him, and that meant flying out to him.

But taking all my bimbos on a normal flight didn't seem like a good idea. So it had to be a private jet. I started googling how much it cost to charter a private jet. As I did, Tina crawled to me on her knees and reached me.

Dr. Eric, let me cleany up your instratament! she said, stumbling over that last word. So dirty!

She engulfed my dirty dick and suckled on me as I googled. Mrs. Juarez meanwhile reached behind her and scooped up my jizz leaking out of her butthole. She licked up the jizz off her finger with greedy hunger.

Tina's mouth felt delicious on my cock. She bobbed up and down as I started searching. I found one company that specialized in chartering private jets. I poked around the website. With how many bimbos I had, we'd need at least a mid-sized jet to fly us across the country. That would cost $4500 an hour. 

That actually was cheaper than I imagined. I mean, It was more than what my mom made in a month, but I thought it would cost hundreds of thousands of dollars. This would be as much as buying a car. 

Fuck, that was insane.

Tina suckled hard as I figured this out. I had to do a trip calculator to learn that it would be a five-hour flight, plus an hour on the ground on both ends for a total of 7 hours. $31,000. That should make my jaw drop, but...

I would make that by morning with the work Mrs. Waters and Mrs. Mayers did. 

Yeah, I would drop in on Dad. I bet he'd love this app.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Bill Crest

Back in my apartment, I had Maggie Storm eating out the cunt of my first ex-wife. Jennifer was smiling at me with such love in her empty-headed eyes. Her blonde hair spilled around her face while her big, fake titties quivered.

Ooh, ooh, she's all lickying me! Jennifer purred. Just all lickedying up a storm!

I love storms! Maggie moaned, her naked rump wiggling at me. I smiled as I moved to fuck her in the ass. I was so ready to enjoy that slut's asshole. I would bugger her hard. I already had left a load in her shaved cunt that dripped down her thighs. Stormy storms are the bestest storms! I chased a tornado once and it was all grrrr and roarrrrr and meany! So much fun!

Wow, said Patti, my second wife. She wore an apron and nothing else, the standard attire for my bimbo-wives. They all had their wedding rings on, returned to them by the App. It was an amazing thing. That's so neaty!

Yep, I said and pressed my cock into that tight asshole. 

Courtney, my third and youngest wife, was cooking. She was as a Bimbo Cook, so she knew what she was doing in there. She was too dumb to figure out the remote, but she could whip up something good to eat. I just needed my daughter back, and my life would be complete.

I pushed and pushed against that tight asshole. The bimbo moaned as my cock drilled against her anal ring. I smiled. I was buggering the weather girl. I had the news on and they had a substitute weather girl in her place. She was not nearly as cute as this slut.

I pushed my cock against her asshole. Her anal ring widened and widened. She whimpered into my wife's cunt. Jennifer quivered there, her eyes rolling back into her head. I loved the sight as I thrust harder against the weather-slut's asshole.

Ooh, ooh, ooh! Maggie Storm moaned. Yeppers!

My cock popped into her bowels. I sank into her velvety sheath. I smiled at that wonderful thrill. Her hot bowels engulfed my cock. I sank deeper into her anal sheath. She had such a delicious texture. It was a thrill to enjoy the weather girl in all her holes.

I bottomed out in her, my nuts resting against her taint. She moaned into Jennifer's cunt. My bimbo-wife cooed in delight. She shook her head from side to side as I just reveled in this tight sheath round my cock.

Damn, I groaned and slid my hands down Maggie Storm's sides. I gripped her breasts. I held her tight and squeezed her boobs. I massaged them as I drew back my cock. Goddamn! Maggie Storm, you got a tight asshole!

I do! she squealed sounding so excited by this revelation.

I thrust back into her asshole, loving the way that her anal sheath gripped me. She held me tight with her wonderful bowels. I fucked her hard and fast. I pounded with force. I churned her up. She groaned, wiggling her hips from side to side. 

I pounded her bowels and fucked her hard. She groaned, squeezing her asshole around my cock. She whimpered as I pounded her tight asshole. I could use her how I wanted. I owned her sexy ass. I pounded her anal sheath with force.

Ooh, ooh, that's goody good! Maggie Storm gasped. A ninety-nine-thirty percenty chance of cumming!

Yes! I growled, fucking her hard.

I wanna cummy! Jennifer moaned, her face twisting in delight. Keep licking my twaty. That's it. Ooh, ooh, you're so goody at that!

Maggie Storm clamped her asshole down around my cock. She gripped me as I pumped away at her anal sheath. I loved how she held me tight. It was an incredible rush to pound her bowels with hard force. She gripped me hard.

I loved the way she held me. She massaged me with her wonderful asshole. I thrust to the hilt in her again and again. I fucked her hard. I loved the way she massaged me with that hot asshole. She gripped me with it.

I grunted with each stroke into her bowels. I fucked her hard and fast. It was a fantastic rush to pound her anal sheath. She gripped my dick as I hammered her bowels. It was a delicious treat to fuck her with force. 

Ooh, ooh, that's good, she groaned. I lovey that biggie dick creating a cummy storm in me!
Yes! I growled. Let me feel that asshole going wild!

She moaned her delight as she licked and lapped with hunger at Jennifers twat. I loved how I fucked her with force. I buried into her again and again. I pounded her. I fucked her hard and fast. I loved how she gripped my cock. 

Damn, damn, damn, I groaned. That's it. That's fucking it! I'm going to spurt all my cum in this asshole!

Yay! Jennifer cheered, thrusting her arms into the air and waving her fingers around.

Patti jumped up and down, clapping, her natural tits bouncing behind her apron. Her nipples peeked out as she did that. She had such a look of joy on her face. She was such a supportive wife now. No leaving me for some prick that could knock her up.

I pumped away hard at Maggie Storm's asshole. I still couldn't believe that was her real name. I buried to the hilt in her bowels again and again. She squeezed her anal sheath around me, massaging me with that delicious sheath.

The pressure in my balls swelled toward their bursting point. I groaned, loving this pleasure. I slammed deep and hard into her anal sheath. I loved the way she held me. She moaned into Jennifer's cunt as I hammered that delicious asshole.

Ooh, ooh, I'm gonna have a cummy storm! gasped Jennifer.

Drench me in all your nummy rain! moaned the weather-girl-bimbo.

She suckled on what must be my wife's clit. That was hot to hear. I loved it as I fucked deep and hard into her bowels. I buried into her again and again. I pounded her with hard strokes. I thrust to the hilt in her asshole.

Yes! Stormies! gasped Jennifer. She bucked, her fake tits heaving. 

My first bimbo-wife came, drowning Maggie Storm in pussy cream. I loved the sounds Jennifer made as I watched her trembling through her rapture. I grunted, my nuts about to burst. I slammed to the hilt in Maggie's asshole.

Ooh, ooh, stormy cummies! squealed the weather girl. The bimbo's asshole convulsed around my cock. Awesomey!

Her asshole convulsed around my cock. She suckled at me with her hot flesh. I plunged into her and groaned as I erupted. My cum pumped into her bowels. The pleasure swept through me. The wild ecstasy crashed into my mind. 

Fireworks detonated across my vision as I flooded her asshole with blast after blast of cum. The pleasure swept through me. I groaned with each eruption. I savored each eruption, the euphoria intense as her bowels spasmed around me.

Yes, yes, all those cummies are percipitatering into my bowels! gasped Maggie Storm. Just a wild percipitapapitation! 

I grunted as I pumped the last of my cum into her bowels. I loved the feel of her anal sheath around my cock. She suckled at me with passion. It was an intense delight to have all that ecstasy shooting through me.

I groaned at how fantastic it was to have all this rapture shooting through me. I grunted with each blast of jizz. It was just a perfect moment. I sucked in a deep breath. I enjoyed every last second of this rapture. It was damned perfect.

Fuck, I groaned as her asshole rippled around me.

Ooh, ooh, that was a goody stormy! my wife purred. A Maggie Stormy cummy!

Yeppers! the weather girl cooed, her asshole so tight around me.

I pulled out of her bowels and sat on the couch.

Patti rushed over and started sucking my dick clean. I grabbed my phone. Maggie Storm had leveled up. How did that little twerp turn my daughter into a whore? There had to be a way. One of these options had to open it up.

Huge Boobs Bimbo?

Well, men loved sluts with huge tits. I selected that one. Maggie gasped as her Double D's grew even bigger. They became so large. They were like H or even I-Cups. Like that Japanese porn star with the huge tits. Maggie giggled and grabbed her big boobs.

She squeezed them, her fingers vanishing into her pillowy softness. I stared at her. The only perk I could give her was to make her locked to me. That was the last thing I wanted. I needed to make some money, though. I had to track down that porn star.

As Patti suckled on my dirty dick, I googled Chloe Hart to see what I could learn about her. She was the other bimbo that shithead wanted. I learned her real name was Chloe Miller, she was from Nebraska, and she probably lived in LA. I sighed. That wasn't helpful. 

I found her agency page and... I could book her for a shoot. She charged $3000 for a day's work, $5000 if there was anal involved. She preferred guy scenes, but would do girl-girl. If she had to travel, she had to be given good lodging and pay for her travel.

Yep, I needed to start making money. I had to get to that point where Maggie Storm was charging men for money. Did I need to level her up or... Should I just get her whoring out there? I had some buddies.

I bet I could get a gangbang together. Get a few guys to fuck her. A $100 a head. Just to jumpstart things.

Yes, I groaned as Patti suckled on me.

I knew more than a few guys that would kill to get a piece of Maggie Storm's fine ass. I held up my phone and said, Smile, Maggie Storm!

She beamed at me as I took the pic and started texting my friends. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Eric Murphy

I was in the private lounge at the airport of the private jet company with all my bimbos. It had been two days since I made the decision and booked it. In that time, I made $87,885 off my working bimbos. Minus expenses, I had $113,339.26. 

More than enough for the trip. With taxes, I had to pay $34,100. 

I even had more bimbo crystals thanks to the midnight rolls. I had two more spins for 23 and 49 more crystals. A nice 411 for anything I might want. I had gotten a notification they would be rolling out more customization features soon.

Maybe that would be worth checking out. Either way, this would be a fun trip. 

To be continued...
