When I awoke I was dressed in pink panties with a slit down my
ass. I was happy to always be ready for my man. He could take me
whenever he pleased.
I was a little groggy and I began to rub my sore boy pussy, the
warm ring was tender but it felt so good and tingly, I felt
violated, thoroughly fucked, a sensation that I have always
sought.
This made me think of when my ass was first deflowered. I was
thirteen years old, and like most boys my age, clueless as to
what my actual sexuality was.
I was on a bus and sitting in a two-seater, by the window.
At a stop somewhere along the way, a big ruddy Irish looking
fellow got on and sat down next to me nonchalantly.
There was a huge bulge in his pants and I guess I couldn't take
my eyes off of it. He smiled at me and placed his hand on my
inner thigh. Immediately my 13-year-old dick was excited.
His big hands rubbed the inside of my thighs, brushing against my
balls and the tip of my cock.
I began to squirm in the seat, and lifted my butt a bit. He took
that as a sign and placed his hand under me. I could feel him
squeezing my boy globes and his thumb pushing upward, trying to
find my pussy.
He introduced himself as Big Joe.
After a few stops he motioned for us to get off the bus.
I followed, my little dick hard as a rock.
Apparently he knew the neighborhood because he led me to an alley
between two buildings. It was deserted, even at that early
afternoon hour. We walked in, away from the street, about 20
yards and stopped.
It was dark but I could still see his face and his funny smile.
He pushed me against the wall and unbuttoned my pants. After they
fell to my ankles he pulled down my shorts and exposed my hard
little cock.
"Ahhhhh, you little slut, you like my big man cock, don't ya?"
He began caressing my dick and balls, totally engulfed in his
large yet smooth hands. He kneaded me, ran his fingers between my
cheeks.
I was twisting and my smooth tushy was brushing against the brick
wall.
It felt soooooooo good.
He suddenly stopped and began to lower his pants, presenting me
with a 9" cock and a big purple head that made my mouth water.
He laid his jacket on the floor and pushed me down so I was
kneeling in front of him. He grabbed my head and pushed his huge
cock toward my mouth.
I opened as wide as I could and yet he could barely get the tip
in me. I began licking the bulbous head and his huge, smooth,
shaft.
I licked his balls, and was able to get them in my mouth.
He was moaning and forcing his cock in my mouth, and I was trying
to suck him in me, but it just wouldn't fit.
I sent my tongue furiously all over his cock. The sight of his
engorged man meat and my tiny head made me hotter than I could
ever remember.
He lifted me up and turned me around. I bent over, touching the
wall, certain that I was about to lose my boy pussy virginity.
He kneeled and began lapping my tiny tight hole, it felt so good
I spread my legs wider and pushed my ass in the air. I loved the
feeling of his warm saliva already in my pussy.
Then he took his middle finger and gently began opening my hole.
I moaned and my knees went weak.
He was spreading my ring, his finger now entirely in my little
boy ass.
I was gyrating and pushing my ass out to meet his thick finger.
Then he pulled the finger out and wet two fingers. I could feel a
tinge of pain as he spread my pussy wider. The funny thing was
that I was so enjoying the pain I couldn't think of anything
else.
After withdrawing the two fingers he parted my cheeks and moved
in, granite cock in hand, toward my tiny ass. As I felt the head
nudging at my sweet hole - I could swear he would rip my ass to
shreds.
The pain shot through me. I gasped and moved forward.
He cursed and grabbed my waist. Almost lifting me he held me
still and I could feel that huge cock opening me up. My little
boy cunt was being stretched wide by this giant dick.
It hurt but yet I was so excited I couldn't help but push back to
take him in me. Intuitively, I thought that if I could get him
inside me, it would hurt less.
"Fuck me with your big dick" I screamed. "Make me your cum
whore."
He pushed in further till I felt the tip of his long throbbing
cock in my belly. He stopped and let my tiny hole adjust.
I was wiggling my ass and trying to find the spot. Then he began,
a slow out and then in, further in, and more, my insides felt
violated, my boy hole was burning.
"More, give me that thick cock. I want you to pound my little
ass." I moaned as I lifted my cheeks offering myself to him.
"Take it, you little slut. Take my rod... What a pretty little
boy pussy you have."
"Fuck me, I'm yours" I arched my back and began helping him tear
my hole.
He now began to fuck me with fury. I was moaning, and writhing
and spreading my cheeks. I wanted to be raped by this brute. I
wanted to make him cum in my little hole and fill me with man
milk. I wanted to taste his cum in my mouth and in my ass. I
wanted him to stuff my pussy until I screamed.
He pounded me harder and harder and I contracted my muscles. He
groaned and began to scream "I'm going to fill your little ass
with cum."
"Give it to me. I want your cream in me, cum in my ass... I want
it all."
As he began to cum he convulsed and my boy pussy was now
distended so wide I could feel his copious warm cum dripping down
my legs and balls.
"AHHHHHHHHHH - tear me up! I'm your little girl, daddy"
It seemed as if he would never stop flooding my cunt or fucking
it. I pushed my tiny ass back toward him as hard as I could. I
felt his big balls slapping against my smooth little boy globes.
He slapped them, and fucked harder, then slapped harder and
pushed the length of that rock hard cock inside me. I was almost
fainting.
Finally my knees gave away and I dropped to the floor like a rag
doll.
He stood over me draining his monster cock all over my face. He
slapped my little dick, turned me over and inspected my boy hole.
I could see a grin. He bent over and ran his finger over my sore
cunt, licked his fingers, and smiled wider.
I had cum on myself at least twice.
He pulled up his pants and took his jacket. He walked away.
I was immobile, and just lying there completely dazed.
I could feel the warm liquid seeping from my gaping boy pussy,
and it felt good, in spite of my tiny hole having been plundered.
I ran my fingers over my deflowered pink bud and filled my hand
with his cum. I drank it all down. It tasted of raw sex. My
favorite flavor.
There I was, trembling with desire after being violated and
deflowered by Big Joe, a stranger on a bus, in an alley.
It was decided. I loved being raped by men.
