Lisa's Long-Distance Exposure
by lauralifeisshort

Skye encourages Lisa's desire to be on display.

This story follows on "Lisa's Shopping Exposure." That story provides some background and context for this one.

***

After her amazing shopping experience, Lisa thought about Skye often, sometimes wondering if she had imagined the entire thing. But Skye's text and the attached photos were proof that Lisa's most erotic experience ever had been real. On that afternoon, Lisa made it back to the hotel just a few minutes before her husband. He was pleasantly surprised that his suggestive embrace led to a heated lovemaking session, with Lisa bouncing on top of him and fondling her own breasts. He had no idea why his "Florida wife" was so responsive and aroused, but he was not about to say anything to change his good fortune. For Lisa's part, she savored the feeling of her husband stuffed inside her as she imagined Skye and others watching and photographing her. Even after her earth-shattering orgasm in the boutique, Lisa came again atop her husband.

Over the next two days, Lisa wanted desperately to return to the boutique to see Skye, but she resisted her urges. She did send a text thanking Skye for a wonderful day and assuring her that Lisa would give her "five stars on YELP." Lisa was like a lovelorn teenager when Skye didn't respond immediately, and then she felt pure elation when Skye finally texted her back on Saturday evening that Lisa was her "favorite customer ever." That exchange gave Lisa the courage to send a photo of her wearing her favorite new bikini, with the message "You were right; he loves it." It wasn't until Lisa was back home in New Jersey that Skye responded at 1:00 a.m.: "How could he not love those magnificent boobs?" Lisa read that text about fifty times on the day she got it.

During the next few months, Lisa relived in her mind over and over her afternoon with Skye, often ending up masturbating on all fours and imagining Skye and others watching. She thought about telling her husband what happened, but keeping her secret added to the intensity. But the experience made her more comfortable with her fantasies and desires, and her husband was beyond happy that his wife was so sexually invigorated. Lisa had shared her nude and X-rated photo fantasy with her husband, but it had been a few years since she had brought it up. After the Florida trip, Lisa not only raised her fantasy again, she took their role plays further than ever before, sometimes with the bystanders touching Lisa and her touching them. Her husband even brought up his related fantasy of watching Lisa pose for a professional nude photo shoot.

Lisa's fantasy experiences were inextricably tied to Skye. No matter who in the role play was watching or touching Lisa, she thought about Skye. Her nude scene and photo fantasies had been part of Lisa's sexuality since she was 19. They began when she and a girlfriend had sex with their boyfriends in the same room and, while a nude Lisa straddled her guy on top, she noticed the other couple watching her. After resisting the reflex to cover up, Lisa realized that she had never felt so sexually aroused. Her boyfriend later told her that he almost didn't recognize her, but that it was the most intense thing he had ever experienced. When Lisa came that night, she arched her back and offered a full view of her body to her audience. As her orgasm began, she made eye contact with the guy in the other bed, and Lisa knew that he wished that she was fucking him like that.

Still, her newest fantasies were mind-numbing. Lisa wondered whether the heightened level of arousal was caused by her long time desire to be exposed to groups of strangers or by the idea of being naked for Skye. No matter the answer, the intensity of her fantasies rekindled her sex life and also gave her incentive to exercise and tone her body. She also was surprised by how easily she slipped into role playing and how she (and her husband) enjoyed Lisa pushing her boundaries. Lisa made sure to keep in touch with Skye without being creepy, and she anxiously waited for each return text.

One Sunday morning about three months after her afternoon in the boutique, Lisa woke to find a text from Skye sent at 2:56 a.m. that read: "Can't sleep thinking about those magnificent boobs. Hugs & kisses. S". As she read the text for the third time, Lisa's tummy fluttered, and her body shuddered. She also was very aware that her nipples were erect, and she felt a tingle between her legs. Her husband was on a coffee run, and the baby was still asleep. That could change any second, so Lisa got back into bed and slid a hand inside her pajama bottom to rub herself. She caressed her pussy, and the palm of her hand pressed against her clit as her other hand fondled her boobs.

Lisa closed her eyes and imagined herself completely naked in front of Skye. In her fantasy, she sensed that other people were looking at her, but she could see only Skye. The adoring look on Skye's face sent electric shocks through Lisa's body. She peeled off her pajama top and both of her hands began rubbing between her legs. After two minutes of intense self-pleasure, Lisa rolled her clit between a thumb and forefinger and slid two fingers of her other hand inside herself. One thought about Skye gently biting on her ass cheek sent Lisa over the top, and an intense orgasm coursed through her as she fought to suppress a scream. During the few minutes it took for her body to settle down, Lisa lay there naked, with her pajama bottoms dangling from one ankle.; and she marveled at how intensely she came when she fantasized about Skye and being exposed. She took two several deep breaths as she prepared mentally for another busy day as the mom of a toddler, and she was thankful for her private thoughts.

That Sunday went by in a blur until Lisa got her two-year old to sleep after 7:30 p.m. Her husband was watching a ballgame on television, so Lisa's mind wandered to Skye's text and her morning play time. She was feeling a little mischievous, and she decided she might respond to Skye's text with a photo. So, Lisa went into her bedroom closet, stripped of her top and t-shirt bra, and put on her sexiest bra. Even Lisa had to admit that the bra showed off her boobs perfectly. She never thought she would do anything like this, and she was nervous. It took her about 20 tries to get both the courage to send the photo and a selfie that she liked, but eventually she sent a photo to Skye with a note. "I hope you enjoy xoxoxo Lisa".

Even though the photo was relatively tame, it was the first time Lisa had sent a provocative photo to anyone other than her husband, and there was something thrilling about it. As Lisa reflected on that feeling, she pondered that Skye could send the photo to other people or even post it online. Lisa was perplexed that she just shrugged off the "parade of horribles" surrounding the internet that was embedded in her motherhood DNA. She also was a bit perplexed that she was as aroused by the thought of the photo being circulated as she was mortified by the thought. As she contemplated the idea of her photo being shared with others, Lisa's hand ran over her bra, she gently squeezed her breasts, and her hand then ran down her tummy until she was rubbing herself through her jeans. She closed her eyes and imagined herself undoing her jeans to strip for Skye and others. Just then, though, Lisa heard her son rustling in his crib, and, still quivering, she snapped back to reality and headed off to be a mom again.

When Lisa woke on Wednesday, her heart raced as she saw a new text from Skye received at 2:21 a.m. Lisa wanted to prolong her excitement by not reading it immediately, but her willpower lasted less than thirty minutes. As soon as her husband left for pre-school drop off, Lisa climbed back into bed and read the text from Skye: "Sexy bra but its your boobs that keep me up at night. Jealous u r shopping with someone else. Hugs & kisses. S" As Lisa read the text again and again, she was transported back to high school, scrutinizing every word some boy wrote or said to find some hidden meaning that probably was not there. Lisa knew immediately, though, that it was a license to send Skye a photo of her bare breasts.

The idea of sending a topless photo to a woman she had met once was both jarring and out of character; but it was also wildly erotic and something Lisa needed to do. The thought alone made Lisa unable to resist touching herself, and just a few minutes later she was treated to another explosive orgasm and her moans of pleasure filled the empty house. In the afterglow, Lisa's mind raced as she began to contemplate how to send Skye the perfect photo.

Skye's note and Lisa's planned response occupied her thoughts throughout the day as Lisa took dozens of selfies displaying her bare breasts. Once more in the early afternoon, she masturbated while on all fours, thinking about the orgasm that Skye watched. She spent the day floating through one blissful fantasy after another until it was time to pick up her son. Even as she drove to the pre-school, Lisa's imagination ran wild to the point that she fantasized about driving nude. Lisa tamed her libido enough to join some other moms and toddlers at a local park, manage a nice home-cooked meal for the family, and then bathe her son before his bedtime. Later that evening, though, Lisa needed her unwitting husband to scratch the itch that Lisa still felt, and afterward he tried to remember the last time he and Lisa had sex in their home on a Wednesday night. Lisa's third orgasm of the day allowed her mind to calm down just enough to sleep.

The next day was more of the same. When her husband left for work and to drop off their son at pre-school, Lisa stripped naked, slid under the covers, and began flipping through the photos she took the day before. She was shocked when she counted that she had taken 73 photos; she would have guessed 20 or 25, and that made her realize how thoroughly she had been immersed in the experience. Seeing herself topless and sometimes posing provocatively, if not wantonly, was thrilling, and the need to please herself soon consumed Lisa. She fantasized about posing for 500 or 1000 nude pictures in different positions and from every angle, and she kicked off the covers, grabbed her phone, and took a series of pictures of her lying flat on her bed. Before looking at them, though, Lisa used her vibrator on her clit to bring herself to a fantastic orgasm. As she lay in bed allowing her body to settle down, Lisa again thought about how powerful her sexual exploration was and wondered where it was headed.

Lisa dragged herself out of bed toward the shower, almost absent-mindedly taking selfies along the way and watching herself in the bathroom mirrors. After her shower, she took more photos of her still wet body and then more when she had toweled dry. Lisa knew that her boobs often looked great when she bushed her hair, because raising her arms lifted her breasts; so, as she brushed her wet hair, she wondered how she could get a photo of herself in that position. Still naked, Lisa sat on the edge of the bed and flipped through the pictures from that morning. Some were nice and some poorly composed, but Lisa gasped when she saw the photos of herself laying on the bed. In three photos in particular, the downward angle and the lighting combined to make her boobs look big and . . . well magnificent. As an added bonus, Lisa's erect nipples clearly showed her sexual arousal. She knew she needed to send one of those three selfies to Skye.

For much of the day, Lisa struggled to decide which photo to send to Skye and what to say in the response. Each time she looked at the three photos, she browsed through others too, enjoying her new-found obsession. She so much enjoyed the photos that twice during the day she took off her top and bra and took new photos for her personal collection. That evening Lisa settled on one photo and, after a dozen edits, composed her reply to Skye: "Sorry. Hope this will help u sleep. I promise u are my only personal shopper. xoxoxo Lisa" Lisa's hand was shaking as she re-read the text and reached for the send arrow. The "whoosh" sound of the text being sent resonated through her body as the image of her breasts and stiff nipples hurtled across the digital universe. Almost immediately, Lisa was acutely aware that she wanted to send more photos to Skye.

Lisa was on edge in anticipation of Skye's return text. She pleased herself twice the next day and continued taking nude selfies, including full body length pictures and some showing her face and naked body. Her husband was the beneficiary of her aroused state on Saturday night when Lisa went down on him as they were driving to a restaurant to meet friends (a first for her since they were married). Out of character for them, he felt more self-conscious than Lisa, as it was still light outside, but the combination of Lisa's slutty behavior and oral skills got him off as they waited for a red light. Her husband was awestruck when Lisa pulled off and, with a glop of his sperm in the corner of her mouth, said "I needed to do that now so you will be useful to me when we get home."

Lisa's torture ended on Sunday morning when she awoke to a text from Skye that came in at 2:34 am. She read slowly, savoring it: "omfg thank you. MAGNIFICENT!! Now can't sleep from staring at my phone. U r breathtaking. Hugs & kisses. S." Lisa was thrilled by Skye's most expressive text yet, and she fixated on the idea of Skye looking at the photo and being excited by Lisa's boobs. She knew she wanted to send another photo with her next text and this time the message came quickly to her.

Lisa typed: "So happy u liked it and thanks for the compliments Not sure why but my shopping day unleashed feelings and desires that I thought were gone . . . and some I never knew I had. U made me feel good about my dirty secrets. I absolutely love owning it and my husband is pinching himself over his "new" wife. If he only knew where she came from. Thank you a million times. Enjoy" She read over her draft several times and decided that she should wait a day or two before sending the text. She did decide on the photo she would send―a mirror photo of Lisa nude from her waist up that included her face―although she continued to browse her photos during the day just for fun. Lisa's willpower gave out, though, and she sent the text at about 5:00 p.m. that day hoping that it wasn't too much too soon.

Less than an hour later, Lisa's phone pinged as she was arranging dinner, and she decided to ignore whoever it was until the baby was asleep and she was able to catch her breath. At about 8:00 p.m. Lisa finally looked at her phone and was stunned to see that the text she received at 5:55 was from Skye. Her mind raced, wondering what it meant that Skye responded in less than an hour and not in the middle of the night. Lisa composed herself and headed to her bathroom to read Skye's text in private.

Lisa' s could feel her heart pound as a read the text from Skye: "U are my muse. When u walked into my life I knew u were an intensely sensual, passionate and sexual soul. But u discovered your truth babe. I was there only to satisfy your need to be on display. U are more MAGNIFICENT every time I see u & I am always here for u. Hugs & kisses. S" Lisa trembled with both relief and excitement as she read the words a second and then a third time.

"Fuck yes. I want to be on display," she thought to herself. "That is exactly what I feel." Now Lisa trembled at the thought that a woman she had met once for less than ninety minutes was so attuned to her deepest sexual desires. Lisa read the text again, deciding that Skye's assurance of being "here for u" was an invitation to send more photos. Even though one part of Lisa wondered if that was true, she desperately wanted to be on display and Skye was both the safest and most thrilling audience she had at the moment.

Over the six weeks or so, Lisa's desire to send Skye provocative photos grew. Skye never once asked directly for Lisa to go further, she never dissuaded Lisa from taking a new step either. In response to Skye's encouragement to embrace her wants and needs. Lisa progressed to full frontal nude shots, then to photos of her touching her boobs and rubbing between her legs, and even to graphic close-ups of her pussy and ass. Lisa was aware that she was consumed by her growing desire to be seen nude, to be "on display," Skye's supportive encouragement made Lisa feel oddly in control of her situation.

Then, one evening after their son was asleep, Lisa's husband told her that a work project was wrapping up, and he would likely be able to get vacation time about a month later. He asked where she might want to go and added, as a joke, that he would be fine going to Miami Beach with his "Florida wife." He was sure Lisa would object because she always wanted to try new vacation places instead of returning to somewhere they had been before. But Lisa immediately perked up, and with the possibility of seeing Skye again raging in her head, she said in a provocative voice: "That sounds like a plan. If you think you can keep up with your Florida wife."

Her husband was genuinely surprised that Lisa agreed to a repeat vacation spot lasted. But before he could process his shock, he was given a bigger surprise when Lisa slid off the sofa to her knees, undid his belt and pants, and proceeded to give him a truly memorable blow job. As Lisa hungrily attended to her husband, her overactive imagination had Skye watching the scene, and a thought flashed of sending Skye a picture of her like this.

When Lisa's husband came in her mouth, he thought again that, since Florida, his wife was as sexually attractive as she was when they first met, but now with more experience. He had no idea why that was, but he was beyond excited at the thought of their next trip south. Meanwhile, Lisa, still on her knees with a softening cock in her mouth, was already thinking of Skye and how she would share the news with Skye that they would be able to see each other again soon.

