     TALL, BLOND AND BOUND
     by Zebulon

This is a work of fiction.  No reference to real persons is 
intended.  It contains strong, non-traditional sexual imagery 
and language.  If you don't like this kind of thing, don't read it.

This story may be reposted anywhere as long as (1) proper 
credit is given, (2) I am informed of where it is being posted, 
and (3) I am allowed free access to the web site where it is 
being posted. 
          
     Feedback is welcome.  Zebulon@fastmail.ca

     (MF, FF, Bond)

*   *   *   *   *   Start of Part 13   *   *   *   *   *

     Julie was beside herself.  She never thought things would
go this far.  The other acts had all used volunteers.  Then
the towering, scary woman had simply chosen them.  She
wanted to run; she wanted to cry; she wanted to scream. 
But nothing came out as she felt herself pulled to a standing
position.

     Donner turned to face the crowd, holding the two
women like hunting trophies.  She angled them toward one
side of the room.

     "Welcome the Donner's World," she announced, "where
love and lust rule and where I am the only law."  She turned
them toward the other side of the room.  "These two
lovelies will be part of tonight's act."  The audience, 
especially those in the cheap seats, rumbled their approval.

     The Dom turned to face the exact center of the room 
and addressed the girls in a voice loud enough for all to 
hear.  "You will do exactly what I tell you to do."  She 
looked hard first at one and then at the other.  "Call me 
'Mistress.'"  Julie started to tremble.  "Oh yes, and resist if 
you'd like me to punish you.  I want you to resist.  The 
crowd loves that."  With that she gave each girl a 
hearty shake.  Then Julie felt herself being frog-marched
up to the stage.

     There were all kinds of bondage equipment and
contraptions left over from the other acts.  It was  scattered
along the black and side curtains, but the center stage was
bare.  The woman half dropped Julie on one side of the
platform as they walked up.  "Sit." she said in a
commanding voice.  Julie sat.  She looked out and noticed
that the house lights, which had come up for the Dom's
entrance, were dimmed again.  She could barely see the first
row of audience members.  A hush had fallen over the
room.

     Julie watched as the Dom pulled Lori to exact center
stage.  "What's your name, slut?"  Julie heard chuckles from
the audience.  Lori worked her mouth but nothing came out. 
The Dom gave her a good shake and asked again.  Tears
were starting to run down Lori's cheeks.  Julie wanted to
help her but her body wouldn't seem to work.  "Lori," Julie
managed to squeak, "Her name is Lori."

     "Shut up, bitch!  I'll let you know when it's your turn. 
And call me Mistress when you speak to me."

     The audience again bellowed its appreciation.

     The Dom turned back to the crowd.  "Lori, huh?" she
said.  "Nice name.  Do you have nice tits to match?"  Again
no answer, but Donner really wasn't looking for one. 
"Let's find out."  She squeezed first one and then the other
through Lori's blouse.  "Mmmm, nice," she said.  Lori
didn't react and Julie was almost frozen with shock.

     Had this been a private party the Dom might have torn
Lori's blouse off.  The host could settle things afterward. 
But, economics being what they were, she carefully undid
buttons while keeping up a lewd and suggestive banter
about the girl's body and undoubted sexual appetite.  When
all the buttons were all undone, she practically swept the
blouse off of the now shaking girl.  A few moments later she
had unhooked the bra and pulled that off as well.  Lori was
now naked from the waist up in front of the roomful of
strangers.

     Julie had closed her eyes.  Donner had stopped talking. 
There were a few scuffling noises.  After a couple of long
moments, Julie started hearing Lori breathing very hard. 
She was almost moaning.  Julie opened her eyes.

     The Dom had positioned herself directly behind Lori and
faced her toward the watchers. She had one long arm
wrapped directly under her friend's breasts and seemed to
be holding her up.  With her other hand, she had reached
around and was doing something to Lori's nipple.  Because
of the angle, Julie couldn't see what it was.  But Lori's eyes
were open wide as she stared without seeing into the
blackness of the audience.  It almost looked to Julie as if
Lori was feeling strong sexual stimulation.  But how was
that possible?

     The Dom had picked up the trick years before during a
wild weekend she spent with a secretive stranger.  He called
himself Kelvin and she didn't know if that was his first or
last name.  But he was the best lover she'd ever had, before
or since.  He knew things about the female anatomy which
were almost uncanny.  He had taught her a few.  Then he
was gone.  Soon after, Donner started her act.  Between her
natural dominance, her statuesque beauty, her theatre
background, and the tricks she had learned from Kelvin, she
was soon a huge hit.

     Julie could practically feel the heat coming off of the
audience.  There was dead silence.  They were transfixed.

     Then the hand stopped moving and Lori groaned.  The
dom hissed in her ear, "Lose the shoes, girl."  There was a
longish pause then Lori stepped out of her heels.  "Good
girl."  That's when Donner knew she had her.

     Julie was watching all this with her mouth hanging open.

     "Hey, Bitch."  Julie wasn't sure that was meant for her. 
She looked up at Dom Donner.  The Dom, who was still
massaging Lori's nipple, was staring straight back at her. 
"Yeah, Bitch, you.  Get over here.  Now!"

     Julie started to get up.

     "Don't stand.  Just get your ass over here, and fast."

     Julie bit her lip and crawled over on all fours.

     The Dom was smiling.  Lori seemed to be building
toward an orgasm.

     "Get her skirt off, Bitch."

     Julie bit her lip again.  She moved in front of Lori and
got to her knees.  She reached up and undid the belt, button,
and zipper that held Lori's dress in place and slid it down
around Lori's ankles.

     "And the slip, Bitch."

     Julie wasn't thinking much any more, just following
orders.  The slip joined the dress.

     "And the rest, Bitch."

     She carefully peeled Lori's pantyhose and lace panties
down.  It all pooled together on the floor around her feet. 
Her friend was now completely naked except for her
necklace and earrings.

     "Come on, Bitch," said the Dom with irritation, "get rid
of all that shit.  These folks want a good view.  The hand at
the breast the breast had slid down to Lori's crotch. 
Without even thinking, Lori spread her legs a bit and the
hand started working her slit.  She was hanging there being
masturbated in public.

     Julie couldn't believe it.  But she carefully grabbed one
of her friend's ankles and lifted.  She removed the remaining
pantyhose and slid all the clothing out from under.  Then
she dropped the ankle and repeated the process with the
other foot.

     "Put the clothing over there, Bitch."  Donner indicated a
chair on the side of the stage with a toss of her head.  Julie
did as directed.

     Now, get your own clothes off, Bitch," ordered the
Dom.  She was staring directly into Julie's eyes as the
somewhat startled girl turned around in shock.  Lori was
moaning loudly enough now for everyone in the room to
hear.  Julie didn't know how to react to this last order. 
"DO IT," the Dom almost screamed at her.  "Do it NOW!"

     And she did.

     As Julie began shedding her clothes and adding them to
the chair with Lori's, Dom Donner knew she had them both.

     Julie had turned away from the scene at center stage and
removed her clothes very deliberately.  It took awhile.  But
soon enough she was as naked as Lori.  When she turned
back, Lori was gone.  No she wasn't.  She was in the rear of
the stage being strapped into an X-shaped frame by the
Dom.

     It was a modified X-frame with a kind of chair
arrangement in the center.  Lori's arms were strapped over
her head and her legs were strapped to the bottom supports
so that both arms and legs were well spread.  But her
weight was on a seat of some kind.  From the side, it almost
looked like she was sitting in a high-backed chair.

     Julie realized the whole arrangement was on short
wheels when the Dom pushed it easily to center stage.

     The passion in Lori's face was starting to fade when the
Dom went back to work on her.  The bound girl hadn't
gotten off before, but she had gotten close.

     "Get over here, Bitch."

     Julie crawled over.  When she arrived a hand came down
and grabbed a fistful of her hair and pulled her to a standing
position.  Donner was working Lori's nipple again with one
hand while holding Julie with the other.  She leaned over
and put her face right next to hers.  "OK, Bitch.  Now tell
me.  What's your name?"

     "J . . . Julie."

     "That's 'Julie, MISTRESS!'  Forget again and I'll tan
your ass before this show is over.  Got it!"

     "Yes . . . Mistress."

     "Your friend is getting hot, Julie.  Don't you think?"

     Julie again bit her lip.  She lowered her eyes.  "Yes,
Mistress," she said very diffidently.

     "Do you think her crotch is hot and wet, Julie?"

     Julie blushed furiously and nodded her head.  She
couldn't bring herself to speak.

     The Dom gave her another shake.  "Answer me, Bitch."

     "Yes, Mistress."

     "Check it out and make sure, Julie."

     Julie looked up at the Dom and didn't know what to say.

     "Do it!"

     Julie looked quickly down.  The seat wasn't solid.  It
was mostly a support for each buttock and thigh, but the
whole center and front of the padded rest seemed to be
missing.  Lori's crotch was simply suspended in air.  She 
reached over with her hand and gently felt her friend's 
crotch.  It was very hot and wet, indeed.  "Yes, Mistress," 
she finally said.  But as she started to withdraw her hand 
the Dom reached in and grabbed it by the wrist.

     "I think she's getting close to coming," Donner said,
pushing Julie's hand back into the steaming folds of flesh. 
"Where's that clit?"

     Julie shook her head.  There were tears running down
her own face now.

     "Don't fuck with me, Bitch.  Find her clit!"

     Julie quickly felt around and identified the swollen little 
bud.  "It's here, Mistress."

     The Dom took the finger with which Julie was pointing
and begin running it up and down across Lori's clit.  "That's
nice, isn't it, Lori."

     Lori hummed in agreement.

     "You like that.  Don't you, Lori?"

     Another hum.  Lori's eyes were tightly shut.

     She kept working Julie's finger in Lori's slit.

     "You're bringing your friend a lot of pleasure," said the
Dom.  "You know that Julie?"

     Julie shut her own eyes and said, "Yes, Mistress."

     "Good, well keep it up.  And she released her hand."

     She stepped back and the crowd was treated to the
spectacle of Julie diddling the clit of her best friend on
stage.  The Dom took a bow.  The crowd broke out into
enthusiastic applause.  Lori didn't seem to care, but Julie's
eyes opened and her hand slowed down at the sound.  She
became very self-conscious of what was going on.  Lori's
eyes were still tightly shut.  The applause died down.  Julie
started to remove her hand. 

     "Did I tell you to stop, Bitch?"

     Julie's hand immediately went back to work.  Lori was
moaning in earnest now.  Julie again felt the Dom grabbing
a fistful of her hair.

     "She's getting close now.  Isn't she, Julie."

     "Yes, Mistress," she said with a small cry in her voice.

     Julie felt herself being positioned on her knees in front of
her bound friend.  Her finger never stopped working.  Then
she felt her face being pushed very close to Lori's crotch.

     "Take a good look, Julie."

     She stared at the incredible sight of the wet folds of
flesh, a damp fringe of fine hair, and her own finger
restlessly moving up and down the engorged furrow.

     "Stick your tongue out, Julie."

     Julie started to cry, but did as she was told.

     "Farther," said the Dom.  "More," she repeated.  "Good
Girl."

     The Dom released her hair and dropped down on her
knees behind Julie.  She encircled Julie's waste with one
arm as she had encircled Lori's before.  The Don's other
hand came up to Julie's nipple.  As it started to move, Julie
felt an incredible sexual rush almost immediately.  She also
felt a mouth very close to her ear, "Now lick her, Julie. 
Make her come."

     Julie was lost in the sexual fog.  She leaned in the few
extra inches.  Her tongue was already out.  Without even
being told, she slid her finger out of the way and down until
it was entering her friend's love burrow.  She found she
actually liked the smell and taste.  And in seconds she was
licking at her friend's clit the way she had dreamed that
some day, some man might lick at hers.

     After a couple minutes, the Dom gently released her hold
and stood up.  Julie, lost in her licking, hardly noticed.

     The Dom turned and bowed to the audience again. 
There was another wild round of applause.  This time
neither Lori nor Julie seemed to notice.

     After a few minutes of this Lori came.  Her eyes shot
open.  So did her mouth.  She wore an expression of
startled surprise.  And then she was grunting and thrashing
like crazy.  Julie could feel the contractions both with her
tongue and with her finger.  And she found she loved it. 
This indeed was her best friend and she was bringing her
such pleasure.

     For another minute the tableau held.  Then, as Lori's
contractions tapered off, the Dom reached down and pulled
Julie up by her hair.  "Nice work, Bitch," she said.

     Julie looked pleased, then embarrassed, then shocked in
quick succession.  Donner gave her a shake and said,
"Don't you have any manners, Bitch?  Didn't anyone ever
teach you to say 'thank you' when you get a compliment?"

     "Thank you, Mistress," Julie added hastily not knowing
what else to say or do.

     "Let me have some of that, Bitch."  And so saying, the
Dom leaned down and started licking the smaller girl's face
and kissing her.  Julie, again not knowing how to react,
simply closed her eyes and let her.

     "Is that the best you can do, Julie?" said Donner,
breaking the kiss. Julie's eyes flew open.   "Come on, show
me what you've got."

     Crying again, Julie kissed the Dom.  She closed her eyes
again and tried to pretend it was her favorite old boyfriend. 
It was a much more satisfactory kiss.  And Julie was
absolutely shocked to realize she was no longer fantasizing
about kissing her old boyfriend.  She was fantasizing about
kissing Lori.

     Lori, coming down from that incredible climax, watched
her friend kissing Donner.  Yet in some befuddled corner of
her consciousness she wished she were the one Julie was
kissing.

                      *   *   *   *   *

     Dom Donner released Julie who sank to the ground like
a puddle of damp rags.  Walking quickly across stage she
grabbed a strange T-shaped poll and returned to Lori and
the X-frame.  She gave a frame a good shove with her foot
and it skidded about six feet to the side.  This exposed a
capped hole in the floor of the stage.  The Dom knelt down
and flipped up the cap.  Then she stood and pushed the poll
into the hole.  It settled in with a satisfying click.  There was
now a six foot poll in center stage with a T-arrangement in
the front.  The T was offset a foot forward toward the
audience and included a neck clamp in the center and two
wrist clamps on the ends.  The whole business could be
adjusted for length, bringing the wrists closer or farther
from the neck.  And it could be adjusted for height, the T
sliding up and down the poll.

     Satisfied with her handiwork, she took a couple of steps
to the prostrate Julie and again grabbed a handful of hair. 
Julie came up quickly.  The Dom pulled her over to the poll
and in short order had her clamped in.  She could have
adjusted the height for maximum discomfort, with Julie's
feet barely touching the floor.  But that wasn't the way this
show was evolving.  So instead, Julie was standing with her
feet comfortably apart on stage and her arms comfortably
out to her sides.  If an audience member squinted just a bit
and lost sight of the T-contraption, it looked like Julie was
just standing in center stage, facing the audience, holding
her hands almost like someone had a gun in her back and
was robbing her.

     Julie's face still glistened with her friend's love juices
and her own pubic patch was moist and sparkled in the
stage lights.

     The Dom spent a few minutes massaging Julie's breasts
and clit to bring her back to a high level of arousal.  Then
she abruptly stopped and moved to Lori on the X-Fame.

     It took very little time to undo the straps that held Lori
in place.  She practically had to peal her off of the frame. 
Lori stood on wobbly legs; the Dom steadied her by
grabbing a handful of her long hair, close to the scalp.

     "Well, Lori," Donner asked, "did you like the ride?"

     Lori wasn't sure how to answer.  Part of her wanted to
say yes, the rest of her was horrified at the thought of giving
that answer.

     The Dom gave her a hearty shake.  It hurt.  "Goddamn
it, girl.  You answer me when I talk to you!  Was that fun?"

     "I'm not sure," she stammered in response.

     Dom Donner grinned an evil grin.  She then quickly bent
the girl over at the waist and whacked her twice on the ass
with her open hand, using enough force that the sound of
the crack echoed back from the rear of the room.  She then
pulled Lori back to a standing position and barked, "The
next time you forget to call me 'Mistress' I'm going to give
you six of those."  And as the tears flowed freely, the Dom
said, "Let's have the truth, now.  Did you enjoy being eaten
by Julie."

     Amazingly, through the pain and humiliation Lori
realized the truth and said it.  "Yes, Mistress."

     The Dom smiled at the audience and they again favored
her with their raucous approval.

     Julie had watched the whole business with Lori as best
she could from her perch.  Her face was a mask of
empathetic pain for her friend.  Tears still on her cheeks. 
But when she heard her friend admit that she liked being
eaten by her, she felt a fluttery feeling deep inside.

     Donner walked Lori the few steps over to where Julie
stood before the audience and said, "Then why don't you
show her."  She was still holding Lori by the hair and
pushed her face into Julie's.  And almost without thinking,
Lori kissed her best friend deeply.

     The kiss just went on and on.  And as they kissed Dom
Donner reached in and tweaked both their clits in a way that
heightened their passion considerably.  The girls stopped
kissing but stood with their faces almost touching.  They
breathed heavily on each other.  

     After this had gone on for a while, the Dom stood up
behind Lori and tweaked her nipple some more.  She
whispered in her ear.  Reaching down she took one of
Lori's hands that were hanging limply at her sides.  She
brought it up and used it to stroke Julie's cheek, all the
while continuing to massage Lori's nipple and whisper in
her ear.

     When the Dom released Lori's hand the stroking
continued.  She ceased her whispering and the stroking
continued.  Then she released Lori's nipple and slowly
started to back away.  As she did, the audience showed
signs of breaking into applause again, but the Dom raised
her hand in a gesture that told the audience to remain quiet. 
Lori's stroking of Julie's cheek continued.  Their faces still
only inches apart.  Then she leaned in and again kissed her
friend deeply.  Julie kissed her back.

     Almost without thinking, Lori's hand stroked down
Julie's cheek, past the clamp, down her neck, and across her
shoulder.  Her kiss had become more energetic and her
mouth traveled across Julie's cheek to the side of her face. 
She nuzzled her friend's ear and used her hot tongue to
gently lick and tickle the contours.  Her hand traveled down
to Julie's breast.  She felt her friend's nipple stiffen at her
touch as she fondled it.

     Julie felt Lori's breasts rubbing against her own as her
friend's tongue worked her ear.

     The audience on the right side of the little theater was
getting a great show.  The audience on the left side was
getting a pretty good one.  The audience in the center was
mostly seeing Lori's back, but that was OK.  Their
imaginations were working overtime and a great time was
being had by all.

     Lori's free hand came to life and moved up to rub Julie's
other breast.  She stopped licking the ear and moved back
to his her friend's mouth.  Then she leaned back a bit,
looked Julie in the face and smiled.  It was a genuine and
passionate smile.  Julie started weeping with what could
only be described as pleasure and smiled back.

     Lori leaned down and sucked on one of Julie's nipples as
she continued to fondle the other.

     The audience made another set of noises preliminary to
an outbreak of spontaneous applause and again the Dom
gestured them to silence.

     Julie had closed her eyes and was drinking in the
pleasure of her friend's attentions.

     Then, without thinking about what she was doing, Lori
dropped to her knees and began to gently knead her friend's
labia.  Julie sucked in her breath at the touch.  Lori leaned
forward and breathed heavily on the damp skin as her
fingers sank into pleats of warm flesh.  Julie's mouth opened
and she began breathing heavily enough for the whole
audience to hear.

     Lori remembered how good Julie's tongue had felt and
how much pleasure it had given her.  She had forgotten
completely about the audience and her situation.  She leaned
a little further forward and gently buried her lips and tongue
in her young friend's pussy.  Her fingers slid down to play
with the flesh around her vagina and anus.

     Julie had moved her legs as far apart as her constraints
would allow.

     For long minutes this tableau held.  A couple of times
Lori reached up with one hand and rubbed Julie's breast and
the soft flesh of her flat stomach.  Once she used her nails to
scratch a line down her friend's side from the armpit to her
hip.

     Between the juices from Julie's twat and her own saliva,
Lori's hand was completely soaked with lubrication.  She
did something, almost without thinking, that she had always
dreamed about but never experienced.  She slipped one well
lubed finger into Julie's anus.

     Julie's breath started coming in ragged gasps and Lori
could feel her getting close to a release.  She firmly grasped
the flesh around Julie's clit with her lips and nipped the little
bud gently with her teeth.  Julie's thighs started to tremble
against Lori's naked shoulders.  She worked her finger in
and out of Julie's anus as if it were a penis and flicked her
friend's clit with her tongue as quickly and firmly as she
could.

     In seconds Julie's passion exploded into a prolonged and
extremely vocal climax.  The effect was so powerful and the
audience so enthralled that they were shocked absolutely
silent.

     As the contractions damped out, Lori gently finished
tonguing her friend and slowly slipped her finger out of her
ass.

     Dom Donner came up and almost gently pulled Lori to
her feet.  The crowd burst into noisy appreciation.  The
Dom reached over and undid the clamps that held Julie. 
She had to steady the poor girl so she wouldn't fall.

     The act was over and the Dom could now lighten up. 
As the crowd quieted a little and Julie regained her footing,
the Dom quietly said, "Once this is over, you two can gather
your clothes and go backstage.  The is a shower there and
you can use my dressing room to put yourselves in order." 
Then, before the girls could react, the Dom pulled them to
the front center of the stage.  She stood for a long moment
facing the audience, grabbing one upper arm in each hand. 
She took a deep bow, pulling the girls down with her as she
went.  The audience went crazy.

     Ted was clapping and hooting as much as anyone.  He
was sure his sex problems were history.  He even
anticipated future threesomes with Julie.

     Dom Donner came back up, pulling the two girls with
her.  The applause continued.  She released the girls and
bowed again.  Lori automatically bowed with her.  After
only a slight hesitation, so did Julie.  The applause became
thunderous.

*   *   *   *   *   End of Part 13   *   *   *   *   *

     TALL, BLOND AND BOUND
     by Zebulon

This story may be reposted anywhere as long as (1) proper 
credit is given, (2) I am informed of where it is being posted, 
and (3) I am allowed free access to the web site where it is 
being posted.








