The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any
other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, except
may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

This is the repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance. 

Please!  Give me your comments.
 

MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 41

Passage

As you know, Andy is a kitten, which means she is chemically programmed to obey my
commands.  I could say to her, "On your back, bitch, and spread them," and she would
immediately comply, gladly giving me that which I desired. The programming would force her to
obey.  And, Andy's own love for me, that unprogrammed part of her nature, reinforced the
programming.

I had trained myself  not to give her direct orders in things sexual. It was more fun to suggest and
let Andy respond as what she was, a wild, creative and delicious woman. I never knew how she
was going to react, which made it so delightful. She might jump on me and slam my cock into her
heat without any hesitation. Or, she might play the shy coquette until I was shaking with desire. 

Out of habit, I suggested rather than commanded.  

"Andy, would you like to make love?"

She was sitting on the floor where I had unceremoniously dumped her in the awakening throes of
my dream. Instantaneously, her expression changed. She gave me a wild, slutty, "I have the pussy
so I am in control" leer.  She rolled to sit on her ass. Slowly, she lay back. Then, she straightened
her legs and braced her calves on the edge of the bed. With her ass still on the floor, she slowly
parted her legs.  Then, she raised her pelvis until only her shoulders touched the floor and her
pussy was level with the edge of the bed.  I knew because I was looking down into it.

One long delicate finger weaved through the air like a drunken butterfly before coming to rest on
her pubis. I licked my lips as that finger slipped down and entered her. I could smell her pussy as
her finger moved around and around inside her.  Leisurely, the finger moved back over her mouth
and disappeared between her lips, which she smacked loudly in mock appreciation. 

"Oh, that tastes good.  Do you want some?"

"Yes."

"Can you be a good boy and please me?"

"Why are you putting up with this crap?" Diablo snapped.  "Tell the blonde bitch to shut up and
spread them."

"Davy, we do need to find the formula.  Remember. That is our main objective.  If you insist on
fucking her, take control and get on with it," Doc chimed in. 

In my brain, they started whining like two third graders. Maybe it was that or maybe I had changed
more than I realized. But, today, Andy's foreplay, which I normally loved, was an irritant which
angered me.  I was in charge and my little kitten could use a lesson in that regard.

"On your back, bitch!" I said, patting the bed beside me.  

Andy, for an instant, had a frightened and uncomprehending expression.  She immediately jumped
on the bed and spread her legs for me. I waved a finger in the air, telling her that was not what I
wanted. An ankle in each hand, I yanked her legs apart, pushing them back with her knees bent
until her thighs touched her breasts. 

"Arms inside legs.  Now hold that position.  Open your pussy lips for me!"

Two beautiful hands fell to her pussy, pulling the lips apart. She had a shy but needy expression as
she stared at me.  Her bloated pussy lips glistened with her juices. 

"That is the way you should always present yourself, Andy."

"Always?"

I slapped the inside of her thigh with the flat of my hand, leaving five red finger marks.

"Always!"

"Yes, Davy," she whispered, a tear sliding down her cheek. 

"What is your purpose in life, kitten?"

"To please you. To bring you happiness."  

She said it as if it were so obvious and well understood she could not believe I asked the question. 

"Yes.  To please me.  Remember that!"

"I always do, sweetheart."  

I knee walked between her legs and lodged the tip of my cock in her entrance. She quivered,
unable to hide the desire for me to fuck her. She tilted her pussy, trying to get me in her. She must
have seen malevolence in my face for, again, she looked frightened in that instant before I
slammed into her as hard as I could, raising her ass off the bed with the force. An "uh" escaped
her.  

What is the old joke, the one about the different kind of fucks?  You know. A sport fuck, a
conception fuck, a grudge fuck, a friendly fuck, a brotherly fuck.  

This was a punishment fuck. I wanted Andy to know she had been fucked and fucked hard. I
pounded into her, driving her into the cheap motel mattress with every thrust.

"Now, this is how to fuck a bitch!" Diablo said with self satisfaction. 

"It is rewarding," Doc concurred.

Rhythmically, continually, brutally, with her legs bent double and her knees touching her breasts, I
fucked her. I pinned her hands over her head, wrists crossed and held by my left hand. With my
hand right hand I crushed the tender flesh of her breasts. On and on.  Fucking. No relenting.
Fucking.  

Of course, she orgasmed. She orgasmed again and again, once having a string of multiple orgasms
that made her pussy spasm in a most wonderful way.  It would have caused me to cum in her had I
not been programmed.  My cumming was not the objective. Fucking her until we both understood
I was the master and she was the slave was my objective. 

She sweated profusely, soaking the bed under us.  Her skin turned as red as a lobster.  

Still, I fucked her, ramming my pubic bone against her with every driving thrust. 

She never complained, but then she never had complained about anything I did to her.  I could tell
when she had enough, when she wished I would stop. Her muscles were spasming in abuse rather
than desire. Her skin was dry, hot as a griddle with the thin layer of caking left by her prior sweat. 
Her pussy started to dry out and it bit against my cock. She was starting to hurt, the bruising of her
pussy now overcoming her depleted desire.

Still, I fucked her. 

She began to cry and squirm.

Still, I fucked her. 

"Please, Davy.  Sweetheart, stop.  This is really hurting me," she sobbed.

She could not help herself, she began struggling to get away, but she was pinned and going
nowhere. 

"We need to pursue the formula," Doc said in my head.

 "We need to fuck this bitch into surrender," Diablo countered.

Surrender? Andy had surrendered the first day, the first moment.  Since that time when she
handcuffed and blindfolded me, so delightfully loving me, she had surrendered. Why was I doing
this?  Why was I punishing her with the very thing most intimate between us?  What was
happening? 

I stopped and pulled out.  Both her hands flew between her legs to cradle her wounded pussy as
she curled on her side in the fetal position and sobbed quietly.

I saw Mary watching us, leaning against the jam of the door.  She had that expression again, the
one that said she was reading my mind. She moved to the bed and crawled beside Andy, brushing
her hair back and whispering something in her ear. Motherly, she comforted her child.

Then, she lay back and spread her legs. I shook my head 'no' and pointed to the floor. She
blanched but complied, kneeling before me. 

"Hold your hands behind you and do not let go!" I ordered as I wrapped her hair in both of my
hands and drew her head toward my crotch. Fear and compliance crossed her face as she opened
her mouth.

She did not suck me.  I fucked her face.  I fucked with the same hard driving motion I had fucked
Andy's pussy. I fucked her face until tears flowed and her slobber fell from her bruised lips.  Then,
I jammed my cock down her throat and pumped her stomach full of my cum. 

"Well done," Diablo murmured.

I had to agree. Those kittens needed that.  Without further conversation, I loaded them into the
Suburban to begin the last leg of our journey. 

The three of them were quiet as the Suburban hummed down the highway. The voices in my head
were relatively quiet, too, with Diablo giving me praise for my rape of the two kittens and Doc
driving me onward for the formula. They were two unseemly allies, one seeking raw power, the
other power from knowledge and fame but power, nevertheless. 

We came to the turn off. Hoarsely, her voice damaged from her face fucking, Mary gave
instructions as to our direction.

We followed the paved road for several hours, turning frequently, each time to a smaller and less
well maintained road.  The terrain became less hospitable as we continued into the wastelands
where only scrub plants seemed to grow.  I wondered how the Hermit lived in this climate. Finally,
we came to the pavement's end and continued down a hard packed dirt road. 

When Andy said she needed a bathroom break, I stopped and let her pee by the side of the road,
which embarrassed her no end.  She needed more embarrassment in her life.  I was ready to agree
with the devil dog.  Copious quantities of humiliation and regular fucking by other men and a dog
or two would do Andy good.   

Always, Mary watched me from the corner of her eye. I constantly felt she knew exactly what was
going to happen and what I would do. When I asked her thoughts, she replied neutrally. What did
she know? What was going to happen?

The road was continually worsened until it was no more than tracks through the desert brush.  I
shifted into four wheel drive when the road disappeared in a dry creek bed.  I eased the truck
down the slope. Following Mary's direction, I turned out of the dry creek and toward some hills on
this high plateau. I wondered when the last vehicle had crossed this road. 

"We need to get that formula!" Doc said, for the fifteenth time that day.  

He was fixated on our goal.  Diablo was speaking only to reinforce Doc's comments.  All day I had
been wondering about the formula, the power, Doc and Diablo, the kittens, and me. 

Me. 

I knew I had changed. Just the way I treated Andy and Mary today had proved that to me. It
frightened me in a way.  But, the knowledge I was going to gain the power exhilarated me more
than anything I had ever experienced. 

Was I seduced by the power?  Yes. Oh, yes.  Was I under its control?  I was not sure. Was I
enjoying it and eagerly looking forward the possessing the formula?  Bet your sweet ass I was.  

But, there were questions reverberating through my head. Why did I feel the way I did toward
Andy and Mary, both of whom I had loved since the moment I met them? Was love unimportant
now?  Did I need love, particularly since I had power and my power was getting ready to increase
exponentially? 

I could feel the desire for the power growing in me.  That is why Diablo was being so quiet.  He
knew he was winning and all he had to do was sit back and let me surrender. 

I glanced at Mary. She had a sad, knowing expression as if she realized exactly what was
happening in my mind. 


To be continued . . . 

Please! Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

