Artistic Gymnastics
by artgym1

It was Becca's first day at art gym, the day that forged her nude gymnastics career...

It was Becca's first day art Art Gym. Her friend Hannah knew she was going but had no idea what Becca was about to embark on. Becca knew that she wanted to be nude since the day she took a picture of herself in the mirror on her phone four years previously. Dan, Kallum, Keiran and Lewis in school saw the picture and Lewis shouted "stripper" at her across the school yard. But she ignored him. She wasn't a stripper, she was a naturist.

Four years later on she was already going for naturist walks with her boyfriend, in the forest, up the mountain, on the clifftops in the moonlight. It was only natural, therefore, that when she saw the advert for Art Gym, she would apply, after all, gymnastics is about the human body, not the clothes you wear. Art Gym would celebrate this. Thus her nude gymnastics career had begun.

She told her friends that she was starting new gym lessons and they'd heard of the place but didn't know what went on inside, only that it was "different." When Becca arrived, the first thing she noticed was that there was only one changing room. She walked in slowly and was immediately greeted by the smell of boys' sweat hanging in the mist from the showers. She could just make out the outline through the fog of some boys sitting naked on the benches. They were a little older than her, maybe seventeen or eighteen. They smiled and said, "Hi!" She smiled back nervously.

It was at this point that she remembered the rules; there was a sign above the door out of the changing room into the gym hall which clearly said, "All gymnasts must remain naked at all times beyond this point." The boys gazed at her intently, anticipating her next move. Slightly embarrassed, she peeled off her skinny jeans, removed her "Behind the Scenes" logoed top, slipped off her 34A bra and, aware that the boys were still watching her, pulled down her panties. The boys broke into a round of applause and one said, "There you are, it wasn't that bad was it?" in friendly fashion. She smiled and relaxed. She was nude at last.

With that, her phone made a sound; she fumbled to check the message and found it was from Hannah.

"Hey Beckk, you in Art Gym? How is it? ;) "

Becca replied quickly, "Hi Hann, yeah, ermm its ok :/ :L "

The next text came back immediately.

"Only OK? I thought it's what you wanted? :S "

"Yeah it is! I'm fine really, its just that I gotta strip :O :L "

Hannah's next text was obviously one sent full of surprise.

"What?? You haven't got anything on? :O Aren't you embarrased??"

Becca replied quickly, "Ermm nope! Its cool an there are lads here an their really friendly! :D" (spelling was never Becca's strong point!)

She hit the send button and turned off her phone, placing it in her kit bag along with her skinny jeans, her "Behind the Scenes" top, her bra and panties. She then, with a hint of nervousness, walked through the door and into the Art Gym. Nude.

***

Three weeks later it was the night of the first Public Gymnastics Performance in the town. Dan, Kallum, Keiran and Lewis were in the audience although they had no idea what was about to happen. Becca had invited Hannah who was sitting nervously in the front row with the lads from school. She knew. They didn't. The "normal" gymnasts performed first but then, the announcement was made, "Ladies and gentlemen, for the first time ever in this town, performing Artistic Gymmnastics, please welcome miss Becca Kirsty!"

The six hundred-strong audience burst into a round of applause. Hannah and many of the parents in the audience knew what was about to happen, but the lads still didn't have a clue what was about to hit them. The door at the back of the gym opened, and out stepped Becca, walking confidently and naked up to the first piece of apparatus - the vault. She made a perfect vault and then proceeded to perform totally nude on the beam with no inhibitions whatsoever, even when doing the splits because it appeared so natural. She made an amazing connection with the audience. They relaxed and enjoyed watching Becca, transfixed by her beautiful naked body and its amazing movements. Her clitoris occasionally appearing briefly as she did the splits and her small pink nipples, inverted to start, becoming erect with the excitement of the performance.

She progressed onto the asymmetric bars and finally walked over to the floor, picking up a ribbon and beginning a beautifully lythe Lyrical Dance. The pink ribbon flowing smoothly behind her, in keeping with her smooth shaven body. The performance concluded to rapturous applause from the audience, even the lads from school, who didn't know what to say. Becca stood smiling to acknowledge the applause, upright and unashamed with shoulders back, breasts out and legs slightly apart, proudly revealing her slightly swollen labia . She then ran back into the changing room. She picked up her kit bag with phone, skinny jeans, "Behind the Scenes" logoed top, 34A bra and panties still inside and wearing only her pink converses, walked out into the foyer to greet her friends. Naked and proud. The audience filed out of the hall and surrounded her, asking for pictures and autographs which she supplied courteously, completely forgetting she was wearing only her converses.

Her taxi arrived and, with her friend Hannah, she walked naked and proud into the night and into the waiting taxi...
