SPANKING MARITTA

BY WOLVERINE

My little sister Maritta had the nicest boobs in the whole town;
I knew, because I'd seen them, for she loved to sunbathe nude;
she liked the seamless tan look. Her nipples were so puffy, they
looked like another little set of tits on the tips of my sister's
boobs...her breasts were so big, you could see them from behind
her..I'd wanted to see ropes tightening around those quivering
mounds of Marittarmeat up for a long time.

When we were younger, Maritta used to purposely do little teasing
things to get me to spank her; she would do something to bug me,
like snatch a book out of my hands, while I was reading; or poke
me in the stomach, kind of hard, when I wasn't expecting it.

I'd jump up and chase her around the living room, Maritta
giggling and squealing; finally, I would trap her, and pin her
arms, and drag her over to the couch, or onto her bed, anyplace
where I could give her a good spanking.

I'd grab both of her wrists in one hand, and twist them behind
her back, and sit on her bed, and flop her, squirming and
wriggling, over my lap. She would stick her cute little bottom
high in the air; I'd grab her rear end and position her for a
spanking.

"You rotten little brat!" I'd say, sternly, "You know what
happens to little brats who bug me when I'm reading? They get
their little butts beat!"

She would struggle oh-so-sexily, as my hand slapped across her
squishable behind; I'd spank her very slowly, like six or eight
spm (spanks per minute) for a couple of minutes, . I'd rest my
hand on her luscious rump, so I could feel her pussy mound
through her jeans; she especially seemed to like it whenever I
touched her bottom, and I was glad to oblige!

After I'd spanked her, perhaps a few dozen times, like that, I
decided to tie her arms behind her back, before I spanked her.

This time, only my sister, our mom and I were at home. Mom was
downstairs, doing the laundry, and reading a magazine while she
waited for the washer to cycle through.

I was reading a book in my room, when Maritta appeared in the
doorway, holding something behind her. I was so lost in my book;
I didn't even notice her, until she winged a pillow at me; it
landed exactly right on my book!

"Why, you little...!" I jumped up, and chased her back to her
room. She made it in, just ahead of me, and tried to hold the
door closed against me, but before she could click it closed I
forced it open, and seized her by one arm and spun her around,
saying, "You're really gonna get it, now!"

I just happened to have a two-inch roll of masking tape, in my
pocket, I used it to secure Maritta's arms behind her, wrapping
some around her wrists three or four times quickly, and rolled
her over, onto my lap. Now I had two hands free, one to hold her
butt in place, and one to spank her with. She pretended to cry,
and struggle, arching her back, as she writhed on my lap.

I had bought a bright red ball gag; specifically just to use on
Maritta; I kept it handy, hoping to find an excuse to tie her up
and gag her. Imagine that! I just happened to have it on me, too!

Mom must have heard the racket we were making through her
reading, "You're not playing too rough with your sister, are
you?" she called out , from downstairs...

"No, Mom, everything's okay," I replied, then, " you better hush
up! Mom'll hear us!" I whisper-ordered my sister.

"Hunh-uh! You make me!" Maritta pouted.

"Okay, then," I replied, "I'll be glad to!"

So I stuffed the red ball between my sister's lips, and strapped
it around the back of her head. "Mmmmmfphh mnnnm mmffnp!" was all
she could say then!

***

After I tied my sister's arms behind her back, I made sure they'd
stay back there, by tying a knotted line around her waist,
running it between her legs, and fastening it to her
bound-together wrists. I put figure-eight knots every few inches,
all along the live end, so that as I pulled it through, the bulky
stopper knots dragged across her pussy and her butthole.

She started getting all excited, as I pulled the line tight, then
let it slip back, then pulled it tight again, five or six times,
sawing the line back and forth. Maritta was breathing hard and
muffled little whimpers escaped the gag after a little of that
treatment.

I felt up Maritta's boobs; I felt her nipples harden as I kneaded
the soft sistermeat. When I finally bound her wrists tight
against her bottom, I made sure that there was a figure-eight
pressing directly on her pussy and her butthole.

***

"You're being so bad, I'm going to have to pull down your pants
and panties and spank your bare butt!" I informed her.

Maritta's butt rose as I slid my hands beneath her belly and
reached for the snap on her jeans, my sister rolled her hips a
little so I could undo her pants, and pull down the zipper. I
slid her blue jeans down gradually, (they were so tight!) she
helped me by rolling either way, as necessary; she had on pink
panties, with her name embroidered in script.

Maritta's rump felt hot; she jerked when I touched her rounded
ass, which made her tits bounce and jiggle; her breathing came
noticeablly faster and harder. My sister's protests were muffled
by the gag, as I swatted her behind; I could feel my thigh
glowing where Maritta's huge breasts pressed against me.

My hand moved around, spanking her on different spots on her
butt; when I spanked my sister's pussy, resting my hand on the
trembling mound between blows, I could feel the dampness starting
to moisten her panties.

"If you don't stop wiggling so much, I'm going to have to tie you
up a little better!" I told her.

I sat her up so I could wrap quarter-inch line around her upper
arms, and shoved her blouse up over her swelling breasts, which
were tightly crammed into a lacy white bra. I went all the way
around he upper body, running the line over and under her boobs,
making four tight passes, and lashing the lines together,
squeezing her succulent tits, until her pink nipples looked ready
to pop!

I pinched Maritta's nipples; her body jerked, and she whimpered
into the gag. I took a pair of scissors, and snipped the straps
of her brassiere, and pulled the pieces out from under the ropes.
I popped her tits out, slapping and squeezing them. Her swollen
nipples stiffened and her breath came faster and faster; my
sister was getting hot!

I tied a piece of braided twine around each of Maritta's perky
nipples, I pulled her nipples up, even higher than they already
were, tying up my sister's breasts had made them look even
bigger!

I pussy spanked my sister some more; when I rested my hand, right
on her throbbing mound, (of course), I could feel dampness in her
panties. I slipped my fingers beneath the pink satin, and traced
the lips of her cunt. Maritta gasped, and then held her breath
for a moment, as I wiggled my fingers inside her juicy little
pussy. My sister moaned into the tape gag, thrusting her pussy
hard against my hand as I found the slippery little nubbin of her
clit.

***

Maritta thrashed and squirmed with abandon, as I finger-fucked
her, gradually slipping a second finger into her, then a third,
pussy juices were really beginng to flow, as she matched the
rhythm of my thrusts.

We were so caught up in our fun, that we failed to notice that
our mom had begun to wonder what was going on upstairs; she
peered in the door, said nothing, but tiptoed away, went back
downstairs, and got a camera. She came back, and took some
pictures, (some of which may be seen above) then, she cleared her
throat.

"A-ahem!" Mom said, " I think you'll find that your sister likes
it up her butt!"

How we both jumped! We'd forgotten all about her! She was holding
up a bright red dildo in one hand, while she held a camera in the
other; she'd been watching us for about five minutes, already.

"Here, stick this into her butthole; you'll see what I mean," Mom
said, tossing the dildo at me, "why don't you just take off her
clothes and fuck her? I want to get some pictures for Uncle Don!
Why don't you try spreading her out on the bed and tying her
nipples to the headboard, I'll bet your Uncle'd really love that!

