I, Candi
by SZENSEI
Copyright© 2023 by SZENSEI

Episode 4: GQQDWILL

A new day dawns over Pleasant Meadow, the sun shining brightly cascading over the bed of Candace Palmer. No need for an alarm clock she revived on her own after a blissful sleep. Good sex often does that to a person. Lord knows she needed laid. Stretching vividly beneath her blankets she couldn’t resist squealing and kicking her legs wildly. “I HAD SEX!” Although it was not her husband, Damian Palmer insisted she engage and start enjoying life rather than sitting at home bored silly. His only demand for allowing it, rather insisting it, was that she make him a relentless supply of daily videos to prevent him going insane over in Iraq where he was stationed for another year unless things prevented his return stateside. While she wasn’t truly prepared for what Damian needed, she worshipped the man so much that denying him anything was not in her Book of Love.

“Sex every day might be a problem. I can’t always depend on Kevin or his friends. Sooner of later they will get tired of me. They have lives too. What do I do then Damian?” It was as if she were lying beside him, clutching his unused pillow to snuggle up to. She always washed her sheets but never once his pillowcase to keep his scent close to her heart. Left behind cologne offered a reminder of his presence used throughout the bedroom. It helped the loneliness when he didn’t write or call on a daily basis. Of late thanks to this direct order, he was trying harder to keep in touch. If it encouraged him to offer his love more regularly, then it made sense to offer him her best in return.

“I’ll just have to learn to be creative. If Kevin and his friends aren’t available, I’ll just take risks like I did with Kotter out by the pond. Not to brag but I know I’m the shit.” She giggled, “Guys stare at me everywhere I go. If I were to even wave, they’d be all over me.” It was a fact! There was nothing average about Candi outside of wearing unappealing outfits, it wasn’t as if she were trying to impress anyone. Now with Damian telling her to modify her clothing, even giving her permission to buy reasonable outfits to butcher as he put it, her outlook was changing.

“This could all go horribly wrong. I still stress over Joe finding out I’m whoring around, for that matter my own dad. I know I can’t live for them; Damian is my everything. I will not let him down even if I run into problems. At least he went to school with a couple of the local cops. They might go easy on me if I get arrested for indecency. Maybe I should just go talk to his friends. I mean Mark at the fitness center knows them too. If I can get on their good side maybe, they will help me rather than lock me up.” It was a thought!

“I wonder if Damian has watched the latest set of videos, I sent him yet. A world away his day is my night, so it is possible. I know he went on night patrol yesterday, but I would think he would be back at his barracks by now. As much as he loved what I did with the lap dancing and letting Kevin fuck my mouth I just know he rushes home to see what I do next. Sex with Kevin and Roger was intense, Kevin actually had me believing in his domination act. I hate to admit it but that really turned me on. When he told me it was an act I almost wanted to cry. I miss when Damian roughed me up like that. Kevin and Damian look so much alike it was almost as if it was Damian. I mean I know the difference and there is no chance of my falling out of love with Damian. As long as Damian is allowing it I’m fine letting Kevin use me. His friends will grow on me once I let them start having sex with me too. I’m actually excited by that. If Damian were to change his mind now, I think I’d cry. I like doing this for him. Let’s drag my ass out of bed and go downstairs to see if he sent mail.” Kicking her blankets off she grabbed another of his old t-shirts, this one plain colored in black. Swimming in it she yawned and headed down her creaky staircase.

Ignoring her need for coffee she sat down at her dining table and hurried to fire up her laptop. Email open she bulged her eyes. “Three emails? Wow! He must have had a lot to say this time.” Actually, two were videos of his own beating off and calling out her name in a feverish manner, proclaiming his love in heated favors. “Awww! I miss you.” She paused the video and kissed his erection posing on her monitor. “I need that cream Baby.” She played it further until the exact time he detonated a froth of drooling jizz before pausing it again. Giggling she licked the monitor screen as if she could taste him, “Uggggh! Now I’m horny again.” The third email was a lengthy letter, beginning with a boring explanation of his patrol. Once he got that off of his chest, he stepped it up with talk of her sex video with Kevin and Roger.

“That shower video was fucking amazing. Kevin was a BEAST! LOL! I guess I teach him everything I know. You loved that shit I could tell. First DP I noticed. How did you like that?” She answered verbally as if he were listening. “I’m getting more of that and so are you when you watch it.” Verbal LOL! Continuing his letter it read as, “I’m guessing Kevin was just acting up to look impressive. I might have to call him and tell him to stop acting and start living the dream. He had me buying most of it but I know Kev. So, here are my thoughts, I want you to encourage him to treat you like that more often. Help him become a real man for me. Can you do that?”

“Yep!” She giggled nibbling a nail. “I hope that goes for his friends too.”

“I sent Mark an email after I watched your videos.” He continued, “By the way I laughed my ass off when you caught that fish. You sure made that old guy’s day. Anyway, I mentioned to Mark about your becoming a masseuse at the center. I also told him I want you wearing only bikinis to work. Like I said go to Goodwill for items you can crop or turn into booty shorts. You can wear dresses too, but they have to be as short or as tight as you can get them. I want you struggling to hide. LOL! I’ll agree to let you take some of our savings and buy a couple micro bikinis to wear to work, hell, go for walks in them. Let the town see you. STRUT SLUT!”

“Maybe after I talk to your friends at POPO. I need to know I’m safe Baby.”

“Also, each night before bed I want you to write me an email as if it was Dear Diary and tell me your thoughts. There is literally nothing you could tell me that would upset me unless it’s that you won’t do any more videos like these.”

“That won’t happen. You’ve created a monster, Damian. I intend to send you a video, maybe two a day when I can. The last two days was a turning point. A point with no return. So, you’re going to have to be the one to tell me to stop. I will listen if you do, but please don’t.” She sighed smiling. The rest of his letter was a few suggestions on where to do shows around town. Most of them had already crossed her mind anyway. Once read fully she began her reply back.

“I love your suggestions. I need to grocery shop today because I work tomorrow, so I’ll make a cell video or five at the market. I have a request of you to help me out. I know you have buddies on the police force. Can you email them like Mark and get them to go easy on me if I get a complaint where they have to show up and arrest me? I’ll take every risk imaginable for you Baby, but their help will make things so much easier. For you I would walk naked and push a cart. Not today, but I’ll make that a goal. Kevin and at least a couple of his friends should be by tonight. I might ask Kevin to spend the weekend with me. That way he can fuck me multiple times for your viewing pleasure. If his friends want me, I’ll even let them stay the weekend. FOR YOU BABY! I ONLY DO THIS FOR YOU.” Time would tell if that ideal would be kept. Sincere at the moment!

“I’ll drop by Goodwill uptown today before the grocery store. I can’t carry too much, and I don’t want to bother your dad to take me. I know he would but if I had him do that, I couldn’t record any videos for you. I’ll just buy the necessities food wise. You know I don’t eat a lot so that’s pretty simple. Maybe I’ll make two trips on foot, it’s not all that far to the market. Yes, that’s what I’ll do. I think I’ll wear my blue and white running suit. I just won’t wear anything under the zip up or my shorts. I know the shorts aren’t all that revealing but until I buy some new options I’ll make do. As far as Kev and his friends tonight, I have no ideas until they show up and we improvise. I’m going to go for now so I can shower and get ready. I love you, Damian. I SWEAR MY FOREVER DEVOTION TO YOU. NO FAILURE, ALWAYS SUCCESS!” Kiss Emoji! Kiss Emoji! Kiss Emoji! Sent!

Closing her laptop, she brewed a pot of coffee and began texting Kevin. By now he was in classes, but she knew he would reply at some point during the day. A single cup of Folgers downed she went upstairs and showered. Within the hour she was drop dead gorgeous, hair silky and perfect. No wind much today would help keep it that way. Sweat might be her only enemy. Donning her blue running suit consisting of blue and white shorts and a mid-drift zip up shirt to match she put on a pair of socks and her running shoes. Debit card, ID, house key, and cellphone in her fanny pack, dark sunglasses atop her head, she was ready to go.

Walking rather than run she made her way downtown within twenty minutes. Traffic reasonably in motion for a town this size, farmers, slackers, you name it, she was greeted with certainly more males than women. She made eye contact with as many guys as she could. Considering ninety percent of those males couldn’t resist looking her way she would often tease them without video, zipper toyed with revealing her massive cleavage. They ate it up.

“The more I offer the more help I might get. Risky I know, but I do need other connections beyond Kevin. The fitness center has plenty of possibilities too. All of the guys who work out there, drool over me. If Mark allows those bikinis Damian wants me to buy, the drool will need to be mopped up. I can think of a couple of guys that if I asked, I know would help make videos. Pretty sure they would even have sex with me if I was willing. Ha! I know they would. One step at a time. Let’s see how they adapt to my wardrobe changes. If Mark allows it, I’ll expose myself whenever I can get away with it.”

Goodwill straight ahead she made her way across the lot and indoors. Air conditioning within felt wonderful after the suffering the 80-degree temperature outside. Sweat beading her chest she left her top unzipped just enough to share in the deep crevice of her cleavage. A middle-aged female was behind the cashier counter while a man of presumption 23 to 24 years of age shopped in the men’s clothing racks. A second man in his 30’s was sifting shirts at the far end on the other side. Not a very lively outlet but in the end, she was here to shop more than tease. Both would become the norm, however.

With the younger man looking extremely bored Candi decided to cheer him up. “Do you work here?” Looking up at her arrival he flared his eyes and discovered he couldn’t speak. Resorting to shaking his head no she smiled brightly. “Sorry if I bit your tongue. You look almost miserable.” Pouty faced drew him in and he found his voice.

“Life sucks! What can I say. Lost my girlfriend. Dog died. All in a week.”

“Awww! Sorry about your dogs.” She smirked, “That did not come out right. I meant dog, not like your ex was a dog.”

“She wasn’t all that so you might not be wrong.” He did grin. “Cheated on me a couple times and finally gave up on us. I’ll survive!”

“My man is in Iraq. Bored and miserable here to. Wanna be bored together? You look like you could use a friend. I’m Candi.” Hand extended with hopefulness.

“Doug! Sure! I don’t even know what I’m looking for. This place is garbage.”

“Hidden treasures for me. My man wants me to buy clothes that I can chop up and make sexy clothing out of. Most of this stuff looks like things an old woman might wear.”

“Uhhh! This is the men’s section.”

“I know. I was talking about over there. I wear a lot of my man’s clothing, so I figure I’ll look over here too. Shirts at least, I know the pants won’t work.”

“Concert t-shirts on my side here if you want to step around.”

“Okay! I love concert shirts. I can crop those.” She makes her way around the aisle, in doing so unzipping her top well over halfway. In turning into his aisle, he watched her approach with interest. Hot ass body! Her tits bobbing with each step he swallowed dryly. “It’s hot in here. Don’t tell on me.” She snickered fanning her cleavage.

“The cashier hasn’t looked up from her cell in ten minutes. I think she’s playing a video game. Trust me I considered shoplifting.” He chuckled. “Sorry if I’m staring.”

“Stare all you want. I’m not shy.”

“I can tell. Nice tits.”

“Thanks!” She winked then unzipped her top all the way peeling the sides over to expose her full chest, nipples like bullet casings. “Nicer?”

“Definitely! Pretty bold.”

“At least you’re smiling more.”

“Hard not to.” He looked to the cashier first then toward the other guy in the store who was casually shooting glances at her. “He thinks the same. He’s watching off and on.”

“Should I go show him my tits too?” She turned sideways and waved at the other man. He couldn’t see her tits over the racks of clothing, but the hand was a definite lure. “Don’t go away, I’ll be right back.” She zipped up halfway then took the necessary steps to round the second row of pants. Stepping up to the balding man who looked a tad like movie director Joss Whedon she whispered, “Hi!”

“How’s it going?”

“Would you be offended if my friend dared me to show you, my tits.”

“Oh, yeah?” He grinned vividly then nodded at Doug. “No, that wouldn’t offend me in the least.”

“Awesome! Ready?”

“Double dare you.” He chuckled. Flipping her tongue at him she unzipped her blue top and once again shared her large melons. “Very nice! He your boyfriend?”

“No, just met actually. He loves my tits too.”

“May I ask what prompted you to do that?”

“Can I be honest with you and not scare you off?”

“I’m pretty openminded. Go for it.”

“Let me tell both of you at once it’s faster.” Waving Doug over he gnashed his teeth and took the bait. “I’m Candace by the way.”

“Larry!”

“Kiss my hand.” She grew playful and lifted both hands toward them. Larry kissed her left; Doug shook his head and kissed her right. “Such gentlemen. Okay, my man is in Iraq. My husband, I just don’t wear my ring it needs resized. Anyways, he’s stuck in a desert with nothing going for him besides three meals a day and emails from me. I make wild videos for him, and he keeps challenging me. I’ll totally understand if neither of you want any part of this, but would you consider helping me make a sexy video for him here in the store?”

“Sexy? As in showing your tits again?” Doug was curious.

“Topless even if we can pull it off. Maybe totally nude if you guys can cope with it. I might try on some clothes if Gamegirl over there doesn’t snoop.”

“I could run interference.” Larry sighed, “I know Marta’s brother Dwayne.”

“Last resort. I want you both to watch me and use my cell to capture what I do.”

“That’s it?”

“You can squeeze my tits after. During even.”

“I’m in.” Doug was sold instantly. Larry was amused but scratched the back of his neck with a hint of doubt in his expression.

“We can improvise.” She batted her lashes. “I just need to show my husband I’m fearless. I’m not afraid to let you two touch me. Here I’ll prove it.” She eyes the cashier then uses both of them to block her as she unzips her top again and exposes her breasts. “Squeeze away.”

“Hold on.” Larry paused her, “Where’s your cell? If we’re doing this, we might as well record it for him.”

“Good idea. Waste not want not.” She detached and opened her fanny pack sitting it on the floor then activated her phone camera. Video set she handed it over to Larry. “Thank you so much. I’ll make this worth your while.”

“Now that sounds promising.” Larry puckered in ready, all doubt fading away. Peeling her blue top aside again he recorded both he and Doug squeezing one breast each. Nipples pinched she gasped quietly and licked her upper lip to accompany her unblinking eyes. Larry first recording their playtime finally lifted the scenery to her face.

“Hi Baby!” She spoke to Damian, “I’m at Goodwill right now. These two nice men are going to help me put on a show for you. They love my titties.” She shakes them with a beguiling grin. “I know what you’re going to say.” She giggled. “Why are they only squeezing them. I’ll get there if they want to.”

“Uhh?” Doug was sweating as much as eating this up.

“You can take turns sucking my nipples if you want.”

“Fuck that!” Larry sighed and handed Candi her cell. “Here! Record us.” He then prompted Doug to join him in both devoured a nipple at the same time. She panned her cell down over their scalps and let them feast a full minute at least. The cashier stirred without looking and vanished into the back room. A sigh of relief she let them continue to gnaw on her areolas.

“Mmm! They can’t get enough of me Damian. This feels soooo good.”

“You’re a lucky man, Damian!” Larry lifted away and nodded at the camera. “Hand me your cell. You and... “ He didn’t know Doug by name until he revealed it. “ ... Doug here do whatever you want, I’ll make a series of videos.” He ended one video and paused recording.

“Cashier might come back.” Doug was worried.

“Let’s move over to the women’s clothing.” She suggested, “I’ll lose my shorts and try on jeans.” No dressing room in the store it was buy, try, bring back if necessary. Following her wiggle, the men shared a mental disbelief that this was happening. Hot bitch, average Joe’s! Fun as hell though.

Three aisles over she zipped up long enough to locate three pairs of blue jeans that were her size. Before going too far she waited as the cashier Marta came back with a roll of paper towels and a spray bottle. Looking out at the showroom she spotted Larry and smiled. “Hey Larry!”

“Hi Marta! Doing some spring cleaning?” He waved.

“Windows are horrible. I’ll be just outside when you folks are ready let me know.”

“Will do!” The woman headed outside with a jingle and left the three of them in the store alone. “How perfect is that?”

“Get those fucking shorts off.” Doug chuckled and sat her fanny pack down after helping her with it. She would have left it behind if not for his timely rescue.

“Ooo! I like that tone.” She laughed and sat her selections over the rack in order to lose her top completely. Wiggling her shorts down her hips she was totally nude outside of socks and tennis shoes. Larry recorded her striptease while dancing in step, hands eventually in her hair. “Free as a bird Baby!” She lowered her hands and turned to slap her butt cheeks. Bending forward slightly she pried her crack apart and shared a vivid view of her sweet little butthole and pussy. In a hurry she reached one hand under her and dipped fingers up her vulva. Wet upon retreat she whipped in step and licked her fingers. “Anyone want a taste?” She offered her hand. “Lick my knuckles this time?”

“Nope! Yep!” Doug dropped to his knees and went for it. She followed his descent her chin sagging as he moved up under her and licked her pussy. Squealing at Larry she began facial contortions as Doug’s fingers slid up inside her.

“Oh fuck! Baby, I’m liking this more and more. Thank you for challenging me. I know I can do anything for you. Just tell me what you want.”

“To titty fuck those monsters.” Larry laughed.

“I’ll let you when he’s done.”

Halting his desires Doug Ramsey removed his fingers and kissed her clit before standing. “We’re on a time frame. Go for it dude.” He took the camera from Larry and the older man swiftly unzipped and whipped his penis out. A sturdy seven she was impressed enough to drop to her knees in front of him and graciously accept his girth between her breasts. Crushing her tits around him she let him do the work. Larry Morton thrust a dozen times while she looked up at the camera. Doug caught Larry’s thick crown ramming upward and directly tapping her chin. Candi tilting her head further down allowed it to pelt her lips. He knew he wasn’t going to have enough time and momentum to nut, so he ended his adventure with a sigh and a grumble turned laugh.

“Better stop while I’m ahead. You want to try those tits, Doug?”

“Sure!” Doug passed the cell back off and a fresh video was started. Lowering his jeans Doug buckled his knees to get into position. Smothering his six-inch beast, she wagged her tongue over his urethra each time it rose to greet her. “Fuck! I might just nut.”

“Do it for Damian.” She begged him. “All over my face.”

“No pressure.” Doug laughed.

“Help the guy out. Damian says suck that cock.” Larry stood at their side recording. Maybe he was Joss Whedon, he sure liked directing films. Tits released Candi went for it. Mouth wide she took in Doug and ferociously fed her face while holding his hips. Gag reflex noisy she took all of him in. No tonsils, no issue! Her dedication brought him to a boiling point, and she waited until he was tense before drawing back and stroking Doug to a sweet spitting finale all across her lips and chin. Upon his last squirt she sucked him dry and kissed his head.

“Anything for Damian.” She winked and wiped her face with her fingers. Licking up his jizz she stood up and looked at her cell, “Fashion show Baby.” Grabbing a selected pair of jeans, she squeezed into them. Tighter than expected she still knew she wanted them. Turning as she took them off, she mooned the camera. Two more pairs of denim later she intended to buy them all. Ignoring her nudity, she sifted through more and found a butt zipper pair and saw hearts. “Yesss! I want these. Who gets rid of these?” She laughed and tried them on. Unzipping them she bent over and let Larry zoom in on her cunt.

“Looking good Candi.” Doug whistled as he zipped up. “Fuck that was awesome. You definitely took my mind off of Kendra.”

“Good! There’s a girl out there for you.”

“Not in Pleasant Meadow. Surrounding towns, I guess. I’ll try Tender.”

“I use that.” Larry smirked. “Met a few nice gals but the competition is fierce.”

Leaving the butt zipper jeans on she tossed her running outfit and shoes to Doug then walked topless back over to the men’s section to peruse the concert t-shirts. Mostly old 80’s rock bands she selected a Judas Priest, a Pantera, and a Jane’s Addiction. Feeling generous Larry paused his recording and nodded. “I’ll buy you the shirts at least. You’re worth every dime.”

“That’s sweet of you. Thank you, Larry.”

“No problem. You better get dressed before Marta comes in. Only so many windows in this place to clean.” Pouting she shed the butt zipper jeans and hurried back into her running clothes. Just in time too, Marta Cooper came inside with a hasty jingle.

“I think I’m ready to check out.” Candi spoke up, her shirt zipper still riding low. Taking her cellphone back she started to stash it in her now locked fanny pack but took it back out with her debit card. “Thanks for helping me out, guys. Give me your numbers and maybe we can get into some more mischief.” Doug was swift in his digits. Larry shrugged and joined him. Why the hell not. Once in her cell she sent both of them a text so that they had her number. “I work at the fitness center if you ever want a membership. I hope to start a massage table there.”

“Oh, now that I’m up for.” Larry laughed. “Your hands, my body. That’s a win-win situation.”

“For sure!”

Following her to the counter she paid for her jeans and let Larry buy those shirts. Doug felt lousy with very little money but wanted something to show his appreciation. Behind the counter were smalls like jewelry and the one thing that caught his eye. “I think you’d look awesome in that black velvet choker with the cameo on it.” She followed his point. Marta turning reached behind her and brought it over to examine.

“That’s cute. Put it on me.” She held her long blonde hair out of Doug’s way and let him clasp it about her neck. Marta was quick to admit that it was perfect. Using her cell as her mirror she agreed.

“On me!” Doug paid for it.

“They’re spoiling me.” Candi bubbled up toward the cashier. Items bagged, the men walked Candi out and hugged her goodbye. Realizing she was on foot Larry offered her a ride home. Accepted he dropped her off as Doug followed them out of curiosity, her request. Risky move but she liked both men. Larry bid his farewell and drove on while she talked to Doug in her driveway.

“Nice convertible!” Doug drove a white Charger with the top down, “Thanks again Doug. I loved your cum.”

“Anytime! Hopefully.” He laughed.

“I’ll keep in touch. Do you want to help me make more videos?”

“I can do that. Just give me notice when and where.”

“Fifteen minutes from now?” She giggled. “I need to drop these clothes off then go grocery shopping. Can you give me a ride to Grimley’s market?”

“Ride there and back if you need it. I’m off work until Thursday. I’m a carpenter with my dad and he’s out of town.”

“Then you can join me later with my brother-in-law and his friends. I’ll be making a camcorder video tonight. If you want to that is. They won’t bite. Well, I might ask them to.”

“Wow! Are you sure? I don’t want to piss off family.”

“You won’t! I fucked my brother-in-law last night. Damian knows! If you help me, I’ll let you fuck me.”

“Done! Hurry the hell up.” He even honked his horn to rush her. Laughing she ran inside but took just long enough to change into those butt zipper jeans and the Pantera shirt. Returning with her choker on she hopped in and hooked up her seatbelt, turning to Doug with a brilliant smile.

“I’m glad I met you, Doug. I really do need friends.”

“With benefits?”

“Of course! My husband insists.”

“Your old man is crazy, but I’ll take ya.”

“Good! It’s a date!”

He peeled out on the street.

Fuck Tender!


