Title: CAHILL--Part 2 of 6
Author: senorlongo
Rating: 97.2%
Themes: Fiction, Consensual Sex, Romance

Summary:
I was clean shaven with a double dose of anti-perspirant in my pits and a new shirt with my wheat-colored linen slacks.  I wore my shirt out so I could tuck my CZ into a holster in the small of my back.  I had brushed Max before showering so the two of us looked really spiffy when we walked to my Explorer.

“Lucy, I have a feeling that you don’t drive an old clunker like you told me that first rainy night.”

“Umm…no, I don’t.  I have a Mercedes AMG convertible.  It was in the shop that day and I

============================================================

I was clean shaven with a double dose of anti-perspirant in my pits and a new shirt with my wheat-colored linen slacks.  I wore my shirt out so I could tuck my CZ into a holster in the small of my back.  I had brushed Max before showering so the two of us looked really spiffy when we walked to my Explorer.

“Lucy, I have a feeling that you don’t drive an old clunker like you told me that first rainy night.”

“Umm…no, I don’t.  I have a Mercedes AMG convertible.  It was in the shop that day and I had a loaner I didn’t know anything about.  I really was stranded there.  Sorry; I won’t fib to you ever again.  I promise.”  She put her hand in mine and squeezed.  Somehow, over the past ten days Lucy had become much better looking—either that or she was taking much better care of herself.

Lucy gave me directions and I turned left onto a private road that I had passed several times during my explorations.  It was long and winding, more than a mile in length and we’d gone more than halfway before we saw a house off to the right and roughly a hundred feet from the street—Lucy’s house.  It was big—no, it was imposing—with a huge front lawn that looked to be perfect for lawn bowling or tennis.  It was perfectly flat and level and I couldn’t find even a single weed as I slowly drove past.

“How big is that house, Lucy?”

“Well, it has a big living room, a bigger family room, library, and dining room in addition to an eat-in kitchen.  There are two powder rooms—one in the front of the house and one at the rear and there’s a big screened porch in the back that leads to a broad patio and pool.  Upstairs there are six bedrooms and five full baths.  I also have a three-car garage.”

“And working in the diner?”

“Um…I don’t really do anything much there other than say hello and talk to friends of my family.”

I laughed.  That explained a lot—like why she could skip out on work whenever she wanted, not that I was complaining.  A minute later I drove up a long brick driveway that turned into a broad curve in front of the house.  It was even bigger than Lucy’s.  She showed me where to park then I opened the doors for her and Max.  He walked in at heel to Lucy’s left.

We were in a big vestibule—big enough to hold a grand piano where we were greeted by an older black man in a black suit and tie.  I assumed correctly that he was the butler.  “Samuel, this is Marshal Cahill and this is his dog, Max.”

“Welcome, Marshal, Miss Lucille.  Your parents are on the patio, Miss.”  He stepped aside and left us to greet another couple.  Lucy took my hand and led Max and me to the rear of the house.  I could have picked out her father even without Lucy as my guide.  He was holding court and smugly stating his views on some hot controversy to the avid audience.  He was tall with silver hair and he was wearing one of those shirts that are made to be worn un-tucked.  Mine wasn’t tucked in either, but that was to hide my pistol.

Lucy led me over to meet her father.  “Daddy, this is Marshal Matt Cahill.  Matt, my father, Jonathan Bascomb.”  We shook hands and he tried to squeeze my hand—an obvious attempt at dominance, but a failed one.  Anyone else, I might have broken the bones in his hand, but I’d be asking this man an important question later so I wanted to stay on his good side.

“I always appreciate a firm handshake, Sir; a pleasure to meet you.”

“I’ve heard good things about you, Marshal.  I especially appreciate the way you apprehended those criminals Friday afternoon and I assume this is your dog.  Max, isn’t it?”

“Yes, this is Max, but don’t try to pet him unless I give him the okay.”

“Really?  Is he that dangerous?”

“He can be and he will if he sees someone threatening either Lucy or me.”

“Lucy?  I think you mean Lucille.”

“I’ve always called her Lucy and she has never objected.  When she does I’ll call her something else…whatever she wants.”

“It sounds like you plan on sticking around, Marshal.”

I had to laugh.  “I’ve heard you have an excellent network of informants so I’m sure you know that I’ve been offered the position of chief of police.  I’m also sure you know that the official appointment will be Tuesday evening, so—yes—I am thinking of sticking around, probably for a long time.  Meanwhile, why don’t you call me Matt?”

Now it was his turn to chuckle.  “I like a man who’s direct, Matt.  Come with me and I’ll introduce you to Lucille’s mother.”  I walked with him to a group of women and, again, I was sure which one was his wife before the introduction.  She looked almost identical to Lucy, except a trifle heavier.

“My dear,” my future father-in-law began, “I’d like you to meet Matt Cahill…Marshal Cahill and this huge beast is his dog, Max.”

“I’m surprised, Mr. Cahill, that you would bring an animal to such a gathering,” she said indignantly.

“I also took him into the diner all week and it was because of him that we apprehended two armed robbers and ensured the safety of almost forty people, including your daughter.  Besides, Lucy told me to bring him.”

“Lucy?  Lucy?  Why would you take such liberties with my daughter?”  I was serious on the outside, but inside I was laughing my ass off.  I wondered what she would think of the liberties I had actually taken with Lucy.

“I have always called her Lucy, Mrs. Bascomb, and not only has she never objected, but she encouraged the familiarity.”

I might have continued, but Lucy stepped between us to intervene.  “Really, Mother—what a stupid thing to argue about.  Matt is right.  I encouraged him to call me Lucy and I told him to bring Max.  I think you’ll find him better behaved than many of your other guests.  However, we’ll leave if you would prefer.”

“Well…I wouldn’t want you to leave, darling.”

“Matt brought me so I’ll be leaving with him.”  From the expression on her mother’s face I gathered that she wasn’t accustomed to having Lucy—or anyone else—speak that way to her.  Fortunately, her father intervened to say that we were welcome and that he hoped we would enjoy our afternoon.  Lucy took my hand and walked me to the bar.

I ordered a Coke with a lot of ice and Lucy asked for an iced tea.  She then spoke quietly to the bartender who left, returning a minute later with a large bowl of water for Max.  I placed it at the edge of the patio where it wouldn’t be in anyone’s way.  Then Lucy took my hand again and we mingled, speaking with several members of the city council and a few folks I recognized from the diner.  Apparently, my appointment as chief of police was an open secret.  The council had met in what is known as “executive session” which is supposed to be private and confidential.  Executive session is usually reserved for personnel and legal issues or negotiations with labor unions, few of which exist in the southern states.

The household staff served as waiters and waitresses, bringing boiled shrimp and little pieces of toast with brie and caviar, among other offerings.  This was the most extravagant barbeque I’d ever been a part of.  Several times someone dropped a canapé and jumped back expecting to see Max run over them to get a free snack.  I hoped they weren’t too disappointed because he completely ignored them.  Lucy rewarded him by holding several fried scallops out for him to sample.  He looked at me for approval then lapped his treat off Lucy’s hand once I had nodded.  She further rewarded him then with a hug that Max obviously enjoyed.  His tail wagged wildly for several minutes while Lucy petted him and scratched his ears.

That was when a woman asked, “Isn’t that a dangerous dog?  I can’t believe you would have anything to do with such a beast.”

Lucy looked up and replied, “He can be dangerous, but I’ve seen kids play with him for an hour or more and I know he’d never hurt me.”  As if to prove her point Max licked Lucy’s face as she grinned and laughed, hugging Max even tighter.  I put an end to it by helping Lucy to her feet and telling Max to heel.  It was time to eat.

Lucy and I went in to use the bathroom while Max stood guard.  I washed Lucy’s face then she reached up to give me a big wet kiss.  “I knew you wouldn’t take my parents’ shit, Matt.  They can be such jerks sometimes.”

“They’re parents; it’s to be expected.  Think I should tell your father that his bartender is stealing from him?”

“Huh?  What?  How?”

“Your father obviously buys excellent quality booze, but the bartender is substituting cheap stuff.  I saw him pouring Ardbeg—a cheap scotch—into a bottle with a Johnny Walker Blue label.  I’ll bet he sells the good stuff to friends.  I won’t do anything now during dinner, but I think your dad and I will have to check it out once we’re done.”

“Damn, Matt, you’re so smart.”  Then she kissed me again and we walked out, startling an elderly woman as we passed her en route to the patio for dinner.  I held Lucy’s chair for her then sat next to her, narrowly beating another man I’d seen talking with Mrs. Bascomb earlier.  I wondered what that was about.

First course was a salad served family style with lots of tomatoes and green pepper in a vinaigrette dressing.  I picked up the bowl, but rather than helping myself to a hearty portion I passed it to a woman to my right.  I offered to toss it and serve her and she graciously accepted.  Lucy introduced me and we had an interesting discussion about law enforcement.  Mostly they wanted to know how I knew the two at the diner were robbers.

I explained that a lot of police work depended on one’s ability to observe people.  “For example, Bill, I noticed that you have a limp in your left leg.  You try to hide it and you do a good job, but to someone who is a trained observer it’s extremely obvious.  I also noticed earlier, Jane that you’re left-handed, but you have trouble with your pinky, probably a problem with the nerves in your arm.”

“What did you notice about me, Marshal?”

“Well, one of your shoes has a thicker sole and heel than the other.  I suspect that you either had a birth defect or an injury that impacted the length of your left leg.”

“My God!  I think we have Sherlock Holmes at the table.  You’re absolutely right.  I was in an automobile accident when I was six and my leg was broken in three places.  It’s now an inch shorter than the other.  I doubt that anyone else ever noticed.”

“Well, I’m married to Adam and it was more than a year before I noticed.  You’re quite extraordinary, Marshal.  Or should we call you, Matt?  I’ve heard some rumors you’re going to be our new chief of police.”

“I can’t comment one way or another, May.”  I saw that Lucy was going to comment, but my hand on her leg told her not to say a word.

“I do have to say, Matt that your dog is extremely well behaved.  I wouldn’t even know he was here if I didn’t see him.  Is it okay to pet him?”

“Not now--if you don’t mind--and don’t try unless I’m with you.  I had to hold Lucy’s hand the first time she got into my car.  Max is extremely protective of me and now Lucy.  Unlike me, he’s always on duty.”  I received the salad bowl from Lucy and finally scooped a large portion into my bowl.  It was as good as I had expected with fresh crisp vegetables and the dressing was just perfect in my opinion.

Dinner consisted of pulled pork and ribs along with a variety of fresh vegetables and baked potatoes.  I noticed immediately that they had been cooked in salt. I’d always found that to be an excellent method because I enjoy eating the skin even more than the flesh of the tuber.  I was also pleased to see a variety of barbeque sauces on the table.  Lucy picked a mild sweet sauce, but I picked the hottest available.  It was great on the tender pulled pork and even better on the baby back ribs.  For my vegetables I took an ear of fresh corn and several grilled tomatoes.

Discussion continued during dinner and I found myself enjoying the company of the people at our table.  Not surprisingly, Max sat behind Lucy, looking left and right to ensure our safety.  Looking across the patio I noticed the man who had tried to usurp my seat engaged in a long whispering conversation with Lucy’s mother.  I had a feeling that there would be a confrontation with him before I took Lucy back to the trailer—oops, mobile home.

Dessert was ice cream, almost a tradition at barbeques my aunt and uncle held with homemade pie running a close second.  I asked for chocolate and strawberry and received a scoop of each.  Once I was done I excused myself and went to speak with Lucy’s father.  “May I have a word, Jonathan?”

“Of course, Matt,” he replied, standing as he excused himself from the table.  He had taken two steps away when I spoke next.

“I was wondering if you wanted to know that your bartender is stealing from you.”

“How?  There’s no money involved, not even tips.”

“That much is true, but I’m sure you buy top shelf liquors and he’s pouring them into empty bottles and substituting cheap stuff.  I’d bet he later sells the good stuff to friends at a discount.  It’s a good way to make a few hundred bucks on every job and it’s hard to get caught.”

“How did you catch him?”

“I’ve seen this scam before, but usually on a grander scale.  Shall we take a look behind the bar?  I think we’ll find a bunch of empty bottles and a funnel or two in addition to the cheap stuff you’re actually drinking.”  I signaled Max and he trotted to my side.

“Excuse us,” I said to the bartender.  “We just want to take a peek behind the bar.”

“I don’t think you should, sir.  I doubt the homeowner would approve.”

“Well,” Jonathan began, “I’m the homeowner and the one who’s paying you so I suggest you step aside.”

The guy’s nervousness gave him away and I thought he might try to run.  “You can run, but do you really think you can outrun my dog?  Keep in mind that he’ll stop you by biting your leg first and then your neck.  Right, Max?”  His low, barely audible growl settled the issue.

There was a cloth covering the rear of the bar and once I slid it aside we could see the evidence of his crime.  There were more than a dozen bottles with homemade labels taped on.  One said “JW Blue” and others said “Grey Goose,” “Skyy,” both excellent and expensive vodkas.  Others said “Tanqueray” and “Bombay Sapphire.”  Among the bourbons were “Jefferson’s Presidential” and “Kentucky Gentleman,” both of which sold for more than $300 a bottle.  There were also bottles for the expensive brandies and cognacs being held for after dinner.  Also clearly visible were a number of ultra cheap store brand liquors.

Jonathan Bascomb’s face turned a shade of deep red, but before he spoke I whipped out my ID and began to recite the Miranda warning.  “You can remain silent or you can tell us who is behind this plot.  You’ve changed enough bottles for this to be considered grand larceny in most states.  Something tells me you’re not in this alone.”

“Please…I’m a college student.  If I get sent to jail my folks will kill me and I’ll lose my scholarship.”

“Fine, who are you working for?”

“Mr. Haynes.”

“Carl Haynes, the city councilman?”

“No, I think his name is Jeremy.  He has a lot of scams he runs.”

“Like what?”  I wasn’t about to let the matter drop until I had every bit of information I could get on this rat.

“I know for a fact that he deals pot and meth.  My roommate bought some from him.  I also heard you can get pills like Oxy from him.”

“Jonathan, I think we need to take this inside.”  He agreed and as I turned I saw Lucy trying desperately to fend off her mother’s “friend.”  Fortunately, I had just the solution.  “Max,” I said as I pointed at her.  “Lucy…now.”  Max looked, saw Lucy in trouble, and sprinted to her.  A second later her “suitor” couldn’t back away fast enough.  Even Jonathan laughed like crazy as we led the bartender into Jonathan’s office.

His name was Jack Perkins and he was a student at Memphis University.  He wrote a statement outlining his involvement, how much he was being paid, and how he would get the illegal bottles to Haynes.  Once his statement had been dated, signed, and witnessed I took a photo of him and his driver’s license and sent him back to work.  “We need to sit on this, Jonathan until I become chief.  Then we’ll blow this asshole out of the water.  I’m afraid if we do it now his father will use his influence to quash the entire deal.”

“I agree.  This is exactly the reason why I’ve thought we needed an outsider in the position.”  He began to walk out, but I asked for a few more minutes of his time.

“I think you know that I’ve been staying with Lucy and we’ve been seeing a lot of each other over the past ten days.”

“Early last week she asked me how I felt about her and I told her that I could see myself falling for her big time, but it was too soon to tell her that I loved her.  I was wrong.  I am in love with her…very much.”

“I see.  How does she feel about you?”

“The same, at least that’s what she’s told me.”

“Then I guess you’re not sleeping on the couch.”

“That’s a subject I’ll never discuss with you or anyone else.  Bottom line is that I’ve asked her to marry me and she has agreed, but she told me that I had to ask you for her hand.  That’s what I’m doing now.”

“What happens if I say no?”

“Nothing, except I’ll probably not get the chief’s job and Lucy will move to Wilmington, North Carolina to be with me.  I have a small apartment in Carolina Beach.  I’m sure you’d like to have her nearby because we’ve agreed to start a family as soon as possible.  I’m sure you know that I have my own money so I have no interest in hers.”

“I guess I don’t have many options, Matt so welcome to our family.”  He rose, shook my hand, and laughed.

“What’s so funny?”

“My wife has been encouraging Donald Craig to pursue Lucille.  He’s the one your dog chased away.  Can I announce the engagement tonight?”

“I don’t see why not, but I would like to discuss it with Lucy first and you might want to mention it to Mrs. Bascomb.”  He laughed at that then we shook hands again and, to my surprise, he hugged me.  Of course, I hugged him back.

Lucy was seated on a cushioned love seat with Max at her side when I approached.  She rose and I kissed her.  “He approved and wants to make an announcement tonight.  I told him I wanted to talk to you first.  I see your suitor got cold feet.”

“He was panting worse than Max.  You should have seen his eyes when I pointed Max out to him.  They must have been as big as quarters. Max has been protecting me ever since.  I got him a plate of pulled pork as a reward.  I hope you don’t mind.  He seemed to like it.”

No, I don’t mind.  I’m glad he’ll eat for you.  It shows that he’s accepted you.  He’ll protect you now as much as he will me.  Hopefully, Mr. Craig will be discouraged from chasing you, especially when your father makes his announcement.”

“Hopefully, my mother will be discouraged.  She’s tried to shove that ass down my throat for the past two years.  She thinks he’s a good catch.  I think he’s a colossal bore.”

We heard Jonathan tap on his glass, asking for attention.  “Please excuse me, but I have an important announcement to make.  Marylou and I have waited a long time for this.  We learned a few minutes ago that our daughter Lucille is engaged to Marshal Matt Cahill.  We don’t have any details yet on the wedding, but I propose a toast to Lucille and Matt.”  He held his glass up and there were a number of salutes.  Lucy and I stood holding hands until she pulled my head down for a long kiss.

We received the congratulations of everyone present before we were allowed to leave.  I had held the door for Lucy before allowing Max into the back seat.  By the time I had walked around to my door, Lucy had slid up onto the console.  I was greeted by a huge hug and an even bigger kiss as soon as I was seated.  Lucy broke it almost five minutes later, only because Max had pushed his muzzle between us. He gave us a low “Woof,” telling me how happy he was.  Anyone who thinks that dogs don’t have emotions knows nothing about dogs.  Lucy whispered, “I do love you so much, Matt.  I loved the way you stood up to my parents.  I didn’t tell you this before, but I’d never met anyone who I thought was strong enough to do it.  My parents would walk all over anyone if they thought they could.  You showed them today that they can’t—that you’re going to be your own man.  I doubt that you can realize how important that is going to be for you…for us.”

I couldn’t think of anything to say in response so I stayed silent as I backed out and drove down the drive toward Lucy’s and my temporary home, Max’s massive head resting on Lucy’s shoulder.

Lucy wanted us to shower together, but I was expecting an important phone call.  Sure enough, I was barely in and wet when my cell rang.  Lucy answered after the second ring tone.  “Hello.”

“Um, I think I dialed the wrong number.”

“No, you didn’t, Daryl.  This is Matt’s phone.  He’s in the shower now, but I can hear that he’s turned it off.  I’m Lucy, Matt’s fiancée.”

“Wow!  I can’t believe it.  You must really be something.”

“Well, I don’t know about that, but I do know that I love Matt terribly.  He’s probably the strongest man I’ve ever met and I don’t mean just physically, although he’s strong that way, too.”

“Oh, he sure is.  He’s also the straightest arrow I ever met.”

“Hold on, here’s Matt.”  Lucy handed me the phone and took the towel to continue drying my body while I spoke with Daryl.

“I’m supposed to be appointed Tuesday night and they’ve agreed to give me authority to hire and fire.  I’d like to hire you as my first lieutenant.  That’s more important than you realize because there’s something rotten in Denmark.”

“Okay, so you’re not going to say anything with Lucy there.  Congratulations on your engagement, you sly dog.”  I spent the next fifteen minutes explaining what was involved.  I was pretty sure the city would match his $65,000 salary and give him decent benefits, plus I would arrange for him to live for free in the city’s house.  I needed Daryl more than ever after learning about Jeremy Haynes.  He would be the one person I knew I could trust in the department.

Lucy looked at me for a second before asking, “What’s wrong, Matt?  Was it something to do with the bartender?”

“I don’t want to talk about it with you, Lucy—not because I don’t trust you, but because I want to protect you.  You know so many people here in town that you might accidentally slip and say something to the wrong person.  I don’t know yet how desperate these people may become.  I have to ask you to trust me.  Please!”

“Okay, you’re the expert; you know best.”  She tiptoed up to kiss me then shook her booty on the way to the shower.  I put a large bowl of Dog Chow on the floor for Max, giving him permission to eat immediately while I rinsed his water dish and refilled it.  He attacked his food as he did every night—as though he hadn’t eaten in a month.  I put him out and five minutes later he led me back into the bedroom.

Lucy was there waiting for me on the bed.  She was wearing my favorite outfit—nothing, except for the sly smile on her face.  I would have liked to brush my teeth, but I could see that Lucy was impatient.  “I want to celebrate, Matt.  It isn’t every day I become officially engaged.”  She must have been really busy in the shower because I noticed that her pubic hair had been trimmed and shaved back from her thighs.  She pulled me to her, taking a few seconds to reach to her left to pet Max.  He leaned forward as far as he could to lick Lucy’s cheek.  I rubbed the back of my hand under his chin then pointed him to his bed.  Like dogs have done for time immemorial, he walked in a circle three times before lying down to rest.  He might sleep, but it would be the shallowest sleep imaginable.  He would hear the slightest sound outside.

I covered Lucy’s slight body with mine as she moved her legs apart to accommodate me.  Instead, I rolled her onto her side so I was spooning behind her.  Lifting her right leg over my hip opened her completely to me.  Her cunt was oozing so I slid into her tightness relatively easily in spite of my length and girth.  Lucy turned her head to kiss me while my left hand worried her nipples and my right rubbed, twisted, and pinched her clit.  It wasn’t long before she had her first explosive orgasm.  I needed all of my strength to keep her body on the bed.

I had continued thrusting into her so I wasn’t terribly surprised to find her shaking again as tremors emanated from her groin, running the length of her body.  This time I was nearing my climax.  All it took was a little control so we could reach our goal together.  Her body was convulsing wildly when I erupted inside her.  Our orgasms continued for more than ten seconds until we finally came to a sudden stop.  We exhaled mightily as a signal that we were done for the night—well, for now anyway.

I had Lucy leaning her head on my chest with her right leg lying on my thigh when I spoke.  “When your dad and I were talking he told me that he assumed I wasn’t sleeping on the couch.”

Lucy raised her head as she asked, “What did you say to him?”

“Basically, I told him it wasn’t his business.  Of course, I was a lot more tactful, but he got the message.”

“Tell me about your friend.”

“Daryl Evans is probably the finest law enforcement officer I’ve ever met.  His arrest rate is second only to mine, but there are some areas where he’s much better than me and he has a big advantage here.”

“What’s that?”

“He’s black.  I find it hard to believe that almost half of the population here is black, yet you don’t have even a single black police officer.  We’ll need to recruit some and Daryl will give me credibility with the black community.  All I have to do is get him appointed.”

“Foolish boy; just leave that to me and my father.  All I have to do is make a few phone calls and it will be done.  I’m sure you understand that my father is the force behind the scenes.  If he wants something, it happens.  If he doesn’t….”

“I think we need to go to sleep.  Somebody keeps wearing me out.  I love you, Lucy and I plan to tell you every single day.”  She cuddled into my body.  We closed our eyes and we were gone.

Lucy told me the following morning that she planned to move back into her house on Wednesday.  “All I have to pack is one suitcase of clothes and a few toiletries, plus the food in the kitchen.  Of course, I want you to come with me.”

“I have to go home sometime, but I can wait until Thursday or even Friday.  I have to tender my resignation personally and I have my apartment to close up.  I don’t know what to do with the furniture.  Most of it is kind of old, but I do have a big flat screen TV I’d like to keep.  Maybe we can find a place for it in your place.”

Lucy moved up to kiss me.  “Our place, Matt…OUR place.”  Then she kissed me again.  “You need to see Martin Albright this morning.  He was at the Council’s table, but he’s not a member.  He’s our city attorney.  I’ll bet he has your contract all but done.  Don’t just accept what he shows you.  Make whatever changes you think are necessary and make sure it says you have control over hiring and firing.  I have a feeling you’re going to make good use of that provision.”

I did meet with Albright, walking right in with Max around 10:30.  Lucy was right in that he had a contract for me, but not surprisingly it completely favored the city.  I insisted on eight changes which he made without comment or complaint.  When we were done it was ready to be signed and notarized and it would be right after I was appointed.

Max and I walked into the diner around noon and I could barely get into our booth just four feet from the door because of all of the congratulations I received from the patrons and staff.  I finally joined Max who was already seated and was about to order when Lucy joined me.  After a quick kiss I told her about my meeting with the attorney.  She just smiled when I told her about the changes I had insisted on.  She assured me that the Council would agree and that the vote would once again be overwhelmingly in favor.  “I plan to ask that the Council formally approve your performance standards, too.  I’ve been very busy calling everyone except Carl Haynes.  You’ll have plenty of support for hiring your friend.  A number of us have been trying to hire minorities for some time, but our present chief is a total bigot.  We’ll be happy to see him go.  Maybe knowing that we’re hiring a black officer will encourage him to go earlier.”

Lucy and I spent the afternoon together in the booth talking about our wedding and reception.  I told her I would leave those preparations to her and her family.  I didn’t know enough about the city to comment one way or another about any arrangements and I wasn’t religious so I didn’t care what church we used.  However, one thing I did know was that Lucy needed a ring.  We left the diner at 4:00 and I let Lucy give me directions.  I almost laughed when she told me to park in front of George’s Men’s Wear.  Her family had used the jeweler next door for decades.

McMahon’s Fine Jewelry is what the sign said.  I could tell by his body posture that it was Mr. McMahon who rushed to greet us.  “Miss Lucille, I’m so happy for you.  I just heard about your engagement this morning from George and, of course, he was told by his brother, Simon.  And you must be the Mr. Cahill the whole city is talking about.  I’d recognize you anywhere because of your dog.  George told me he was the biggest dog he’d ever seen…best behaved, too.  I’m Thomas Mc Mahon.  It’s a pleasure to meet you.”

“Call me Matt, Mr. McMahon.  I’m pleased to meet you, too.  We’re here to shop for some rings.”

“You’ve come to the right place, Matt.  I have a great selection and I’ll give you a great price.  Nothing is too good for Miss Lucille.”  I had to agree.  He led Lucy to the rear of the store and had her sit at the counter.  Max curled up at her side, but anyone who thought he wasn’t alert and on the job was in for a big ugly surprise.

Thomas began by measuring Lucy’s finger.  He tried three different sizes, asking Lucy if it was comfortable or too tight or loose.  Apparently satisfied, he opened the big safe and removed three trays of diamond solitaire rings.  “I have more with bigger stones, but I know that Miss Lucille doesn’t like to flaunt her wealth so she doesn’t like to wear big flashy jewelry.”

“You know me too well, Thomas,” Lucy commented.  “I’d like something special and elegant, but not gaudy.”  He nodded as he set the trays in front of us.

“First, you’ll want to decide what type of stone you want—round, square, marquise cut?  Do you want a ring with baguettes or just a solitaire?  Once we have that we can look at size and quality of the stone.”

Lucy looked at more than a dozen rings before going back to three.  Thomas laid them on a velvet pad then took a look at each with his loupe.  “I won’t sell you this one, Miss Lucille.  It’s only an average stone.  There are a lot of occlusions in it.”  I didn’t know anything about jewelry or diamonds so I just took his word for it.  He did replace the one Lucy had chosen with a similar ring that he said was much better.  She eventually decided on a two carat round stone with two baguettes on each side totaling another half carat.  The ring was platinum which I knew was heavier and stronger than gold.

A platinum engagement ring also meant platinum wedding bands so they would match.  Lucy selected simple bands after consulting me.  I just told her to pick whatever she wanted.  She gave me a look and shook her head, but then she kissed me and had me try on several rings, but I wasn’t much help.  They all looked good to me.  Thomas totaled the cost of the engagement ring and wedding bands at $13,679 plus tax.  “Of course, I’ll give you the usual family discount of fifteen percent.  With tax I paid just over $11,000.  All I cared about was that Lucy loved her ring.

I drove us to a restaurant that Lucy had suggested.  “Do you own this one, too,” I kidded her.”

“No, we don’t own everything, silly.  I just like the food here.  Wait until you see the salads.  They’re great.”  As usual, Lucy was right.  The salads were great and so were the ribs and barbequed beans.  Lucy gave me a mock cringe when I told her that beans always made me fart.  “Then you’d better give me some,” she kidded.  I asked myself what I had ever done to deserve the love of such a woman.  We kept some of the scraps of meat and potato to add to Max’s meal.

Lucy fed Max while I moved my guns into the living room and checked the doors for the night.  Once I had put Max out we’d be all set.  She met me in the shower, pressing her naked body into mine.  I was fully erect as soon as I walked into the bathroom and so hard that it ached once we were under the hot water.  “Do me, Matt.  Take me right here in the shower.  I couldn’t want you any more than I want you right now.”

I took Lucy at her word and lifted her easily, pinning her body against the rear shower wall.  I moved her legs up and over my shoulders while she guided me into her slit and, finally, deep into her womanly core.  The shower was small, but still I pushed my right foot against the opposite wall so I wouldn’t drop the most precious thing in my life.

I drove into her slowly, letting the tension between us grow bit by bit until we were rutting like wild beasts.  When Lucy finally came she screamed into the night and, much to my surprise, she squirted several times, bathing my abdomen and thighs in her aromatic nectar.  I hadn’t cum, but I didn’t care even a little.  I’d had more and much better sex during my two weeks with Lucy than I’d had in the past two years.

I realized that I had to be extremely careful with her now.  She was out of it—completely and totally unable to coordinate her movements.  I doubted that she could even stand.  I slowly lowered her legs to the floor and held her while they slowly buckled under her weight.  I quickly rinsed my body and carried my love out.  Seated securely on the toilet, I carefully dried her hair, head, and body with my right hand while I supported her with my left.  I gave myself a quick wipe with the towel and carried Lucy again, this time to the bed.  She snuggled up to me as soon as I was on my back.  I wrapped my arms around her slender body and was almost asleep when Max nudged my hand.  I tousled the fur on his head for a minute or so then sent him back to the foot of the bed.  I was asleep before he had lain down.

I woke early as always to find Lucy smiling and looking down at me.  “Good morning, my love.  Mind telling me what you did to me last night?  I just remember cumming something fierce and then I woke up here on top of you.”  She moved down for a quick kiss then continued with a giggle.  “Not that I’m complaining, mind you,” she said with a winning smile on her face.

“Well, you did miss a few things.  You did have a fierce orgasm and you must have squirted about a gallon onto my abdomen and thighs.  I think you squirted three or four times and each one was heavier than the one before it.  Good thing we were in the shower or we might have been forced to sleep on the floor.  You also passed out in the shower so I dried you off and gave myself a few quick wipes and carried you here into bed.  Even unconscious you snuggled up really close to me.  That’s about it.”

“Wow!  I can’t remember ever squirting before you, and you said it was a lot?”  I laughed, nodded and pulled Lucy back for another sweet kiss.  We rose and showered then Lucy put Max out and I shaved.  Once we had dressed I took Lucy out for breakfast.  We went to the little coffee shop where I’d seen Haynes and his partner.  What a surprise—he was there again in uniform at the counter and eating a humongous breakfast—an omelet with what looked like a couple of side orders of bacon and breakfast sausage.  Lucy and I sat in a booth behind him with Lucy and me facing his back and Max opposite.  I wanted to see if he paid his check this time.  I was in uniform because of something I had to do today.

Lucy and I ordered and then sipped coffee while remaining almost silent so I could hear what Haynes was saying to those around him.  “So I heard from my old man that they got this new guy to be chief and he thinks he’s gonna reform me—make me run and lose weight.  Well, he’s got a lot to learn.  I’ll crush that little piss ant like a roach. Then I’ll send him back where he came from.  Who the fuck he think he is?”

I slid out of the booth and tapped him on the shoulder.  He turned with a look of disdain.  “First of all, I’d love for you to take a poke at me.  If there’s any crushing to do I’ll be the one to do it.  Second, how you speak when you’re out of uniform is your business, but using profanity while in uniform will get you a suspension, at least.  I warned your father that you needed to lose weight and shape up, but the rest is up to you.  Maybe you don’t really want to be a police officer, after all.”  I was about to turn back to the booth when I continued, “You can apologize now to everyone present for your profanity, but especially to my fiancée. And, I strongly suggest that you do a much better job cleaning and pressing your uniform.  You look like a slob.”

He swung around on his stool as if to attack me.  I held my ID up for him to see in case he thought the uniform was a fake.  “I’d love for you to try to hit me.  Even a dope like you should know that striking a federal marshal is a Class A felony, punishable by not less than ten nor more than twenty years, so make your choice.”  He turned a deep shade of red then turned and started out the door.  He stopped when I grabbed his arm, glowering at me until I said, “I believe you forgot to pay for your breakfast.  Put a twenty on the counter. That ought to do it.”  He pulled the bill from his wallet and threw it onto the floor then he trudged his fat sloppy body out the door.  I was surprised when the other patrons and the wait staff began to applaud.

I was back in the booth with Lucy and Max when a man in a white outfit and apron approached.  After saying hello to “Miss Lucille” he introduced himself to me.  “I’m Nick Petrose, Mr. Cahill.  I’m the owner here.  Thanks for speaking up.  It’s the first time I’ve ever gotten a penny out of that bum.  Unfortunately, I can’t throw him out because of his father’s influence.”

“Well, that might change soon.  What I’d like you to do is keep a record of what he orders, but doesn’t pay for.  You can use one of the order sheets and a tape from the cash register stapled together.  Have the waitress sign and date them.  I believe I can make a good case for theft of services.  That’s a misdemeanor for small amounts, but if it gets over a thousand dollars it will be a felony.  Just hold onto them until I ask.  Can you do that?”

“I sure as hell can, Mr. Cahill.  I think a lot of us are thrilled that you’re going to be chief of police here.  Haynes and a few others have gotten away with too much for too long.”  The conversation would have continued had our breakfast not been delivered a moment later.  We attacked our omelets—bacon and cheese for me and a western for Lucy, complete with three pancakes, each.

I was going to drop Lucy off with her mom and then they were on their way into Memphis to shop for a wedding dress.  I had learned that they were Methodists and that the church would be available whenever they wanted it.  I guess that’s what happens when you build the church and contribute thousands every year.  I had no idea what was available for a reception, but I was sure that it would have to be big.  Jonathan Bascomb had hundreds of business associates as well as a fairly large family according to Lucy.  I even had a few relatives and friends I wanted to invite.

I was also driving to Memphis, but going separately because I had semi-official business to conduct and I had no idea how long it would take.  My only concern was to be back in Bascomb’s Creek by 5:30 so we could go out for dinner before a brief executive session with the City Council prior to their official meeting.

Max and I arrived in Memphis just before ten and I stopped at a gas station to ask for directions to police headquarters.  The attendant took one look at me in my uniform and another at Max before stuttering out an explanation I was barely able to follow.  I did find the building, but only after asking for directions again.  I parked in the restricted lot, placing a placard saying –U.S. MARSHAL on the top line and OFFICIAL BUSINESS on the bottom.  Locking the doors, I led Max up the steps and through the entrance.

Of course, I was challenged immediately by an officer at the information desk.  “You can’t bring that animal in here, Marshal.”

“Okay, if you can get him to leave that’ll be fine.”  He was barely out from behind the desk when Max growled and bared his fangs.  The sergeant was back behind the desk in a flash.

“Just tell me how to get to Paul McCormick’s office.”

“Do you have an appointment?  I don’t see you on my list.”

“Don’t worry about that.  Paul will see me.  I saved his life twice when he was a Marshal, besides—it’s official business.”  He pointed me to the elevator and I got off at the fifth floor, turning right and walking through the double glass doors.

I was met by a receptionist and I could see that the door to Paul’s office was open so I said in an extremely loud voice, “Tell that big jerk Paul McCormick to get off his fat butt and get you women some pastries to go with your coffee.”

As I expected, Paul came to his door and laughed.  “I’ll have you know that I took the entire group out for lunch just last week.  Jeez, but you’re even uglier than you were the last time I saw you.  C’mon in, Matt.  Hi there, Max.”  Max loved Paul from the days when we were partners so he jumped the little railing and ran to be petted by Paul.  I shook his hand and we hugged then he escorted us into the office.

“It might be a good idea to close the door, Paul.”  I spoke again once we had privacy.  I explained about the Bascomb family barbeque and the theft I had uncovered.

“That’s pretty high society up that way, Matt.  How’d you ever wangle an invitation to something like that?”

“I proposed to their daughter and she accepted.”

A huge grin came to my buddy’s face.  “You lucky S-O-B, you.  Even here in Memphis the Bascombs are big time.  They are one of the biggest businesses in the state.  How on earth did you manage that?”

“Basically, I got lost in the rain about two weeks ago and she opened the diner where she was to give me a snack and a Coke.  Then she took me to a mobile home so I’d have a place to stay.  I wound up sleeping in the same bed with her, but nothing happened.  I thought at the time that she was the owner of the diner, nothing more.  A couple of days later I told her that I really liked her, but it was too soon to say it was love.  Then a couple of days after that I realized that I was wrong.  I was in love with her and, better still, she told me that she was in love with me.  That’s when I found out who she was, but that’s not why I came to see you.  I’ll be appointed as Chief of Police there tonight and I have a problem I’m going to need some help with.  I’m hoping you can point me in the right direction.”

I explained about the theft of liquor and the bartender’s comments.  “I’ve also seen this cop eat food at a coffee shop and leave without paying.  My guess is that comes to a couple hundred bucks a month, at least.  I have a feeling that’s just the tip of the iceberg.  If there’s drugs involved I want it shut down and I want those responsible in prison.”

“You could go to the County Attorney, but I think the State Attorney here in Memphis would be a better choice.”  I agreed and five minutes later we had a lunch date with Julia Adams of the State Attorney’s staff.  “She’s the best criminal prosecutor on the staff.  You’ll see.  Other than that what do you see as their biggest problems?”

“Well…to begin with almost half the town is black and guess how many black officers I’ll have?”

“That’s what they have now, but after tonight there will be one.  We’re hiring Daryl Evans as a lieutenant.  I need someone I know I can trust.”

“Good choice; I was thinking about him for the department here.”

“I’m also setting up the same performance standards as the Marshal’s Service.  Lucy is on the City Council and she’s cleared the way.  I anticipate that we’ll be looking for at least eight new officers…maybe more and I know where to find a lot of them.”

“Good thinking; sounds like you’re going to hit the ground running.”  We laughed and then laid our plans for our meeting at lunch.  That went very well.  Julia Adams was a woman in her late forties and I could tell from her questions and responses to mine that she was tough as nails.  She had some great ideas, beginning with a thorough interrogation of the bartender Perkins and from that perhaps a search of his dorm room to find the drugs he claimed his roommate had there. If the search was successful she would try to flip the roommate and possibly others.  She had told me that I had made her day.  She was looking forward to a big case and one about police corruption would be one of the biggest.  Lucy had given me additional food for thought.  Jeremy Haynes at age 31 still lived with his parents.  Did that mean that his father knew about his allegedly illegal activities or was actually involved?  I had a feeling we’d know in a month or less.

I showed up at the Bascomb residence at 5:25 and was shown into the house by Samuel, the butler.  Lucy’s parents were in the library having a drink.  Knowing that I’d be in a public meeting later I declined their offer.  Lucy joined us a few minutes later, greeting me with a quick kiss and Max with a ruffle of his head and ears.

“That’s a police dog, Lucille.  Are you really sure he’s safe?”

“Really, Mother; I couldn’t possibly be safer than when I’m with either Matt or Max.  Watch this.”  She knelt down next to Max and pushed her arm into his mouth.  The worst thing that happened was that her arm was slobbered on.  She hugged Max and returned to the powder room to wash her arm and hands.  We left a few minutes later, Max’s head resting on Lucy’s shoulder.

We returned to the barbeque restaurant where we had brisket and beef ribs with a big tossed salad.  I would have preferred their barbequed beans, but I abstained out of consideration for those in the large meeting room.  We left and arrived at the City Hall just before seven.  Lucy and I walked into the same small room I had been in last Friday evening.  Lucy had explained that this room was used for executive session and small group meetings while the Council’s open meetings were conducted in the large auditorium in the front of the building.

Carl Haynes called the meeting to order and Martin Albright was asked about my contract.  He gave a succinct summary of the contract and the changes I had requested.  Only Haynes had any questions.  I answered those that were directed to me—why I felt they were essential and what purpose I was trying to accomplish.  At one point several others criticized his comments and strongly suggested that we move forward.

Lucy then passed out sheets of Daryl’s resume to the Council members.  I gave them a few minutes to review it before speaking in support.  “I’ve known Daryl Evans for the past eight years and we have worked dozens of cases together.  He has the highest integrity and is a natural leader.  He also has one more advantage in that he is a black man. We need some black police officers to reach out to the black community.”  If Haynes was upset before he showed his true colors now.  He was obviously an avowed racist. He ranted and yelled for five minutes before I interrupted him.  “Ms. Bascomb will present him for approval and the final decision rests with the Council.  If they want him—fine.  If they don’t I’ll have to find someone else.”

Then Lucy brought up the performance standards I had reviewed with the Council at my interview.  “I also intend to ask the Council to formally approve the standards that Matt brought to our attention on Friday.”

“I don’t believe that is necessary,” was Haynes’ reply.

“I do, Mr. Chairman.  I feel that our approval will strengthen Matt’s enforcement of them with the police officers.  We all want our officers to be physically capable of conducting their duties.  That’s essential to the officers, but it’s more critical to the citizenry.”

“I understand that you are engaged to Mr. Cahill, Ms. Bascomb.”

“That’s right, Carl.  I’ve made no attempt to hide it and that’s also why I will abstain on the vote for his appointment.”  Apparently that was all the business to be conducted because a few minutes later we stood and walked into the main room.

Lucy had assured me that the whole thing was a fait accompli and it was.  My appointment was approved by a vote of 7-1 with one abstention which Lucy explained to polite applause.  Daryl’s appointment was approved by a vote of 8-1. And the performance standards were approved by the same vote.  The rest of the meeting was routine—read “boring.”  It broke up before 10:00 and I was congratulated by the Council members and many of the public present.  Lucy, Max, and I left a few minutes later for our last night in the mobile home.

Up early the following morning Lucy packed her mostly dirty clothes into her suitcase while I dumped mine into my duffel bag.  A few minutes later I had the clothes and toiletries along with the gun bags in the back of the SUV with Max standing guard.  I never made assumptions when it came to the handling of weapons.  Lucy had cleaned out the refrigerator and cupboards and placed everything into a couple of cardboard boxes and paper bags.  I followed her next door where we left everything with an elderly black woman who thanked Lucy profusely.  Lucy explained that she had been a household servant for many years and now she lived here rent free, courtesy of her parents.  I drove away a few minutes later wondering what our change of residence might hold for us.

We ate breakfast at the diner and afterwards I had to walk Max so I took him out behind the building.  We were there only a few minutes when Max’s ears stood up straight and he turned suddenly before running at top speed around the building.  I turned the corner just in time to see Lucy being accosted by her erstwhile suitor from the barbeque.  I barely had the time to yell, “Max…hold,” a command that could have saved that idiot’s life.

Max ran up beside him and leaped forward, his 130 pounds of muscle and sinew knocking him flat onto the pavement.  Less than a second later Max clamped his jaws around the man’s neck.  I walked up slowly, taking my bawling Lucy into my arms.  After soothing her for several minutes I crouched down next to Donald Craig so I could speak to him in the lowest possible voice.  I’d learned years ago that it was far more menacing and powerful than yelling.

“I’m guessing that you haven’t quite learned how to take no for an answer so let me explain it to you in terms even you will understand.  Lucille and I are engaged to be married.  That means that I’m responsible now for her safety and it’s a job I take extremely seriously.  I could just as easily given Max the command to kill you and I doubt that anyone would object given what I saw from the corner of the building and, I’m sure, numerous patrons could see from the windows.  You had Lucy backed over the hood of my car and were standing between her legs while she was crying out for help.  I could easily make the case that you were trying to rape her.

“So here’s your only warning—leave Lucille alone.  Even her mother who encouraged you in the past has welcomed and is encouraging our relationship so you’re completely on your own.  The next time I see you threatening her as you were today I will arrest you for violation of her civil rights and sexual assault.  By the time you straighten it out it will have cost you thousands of dollars any you could be branded a sexual predator for the rest of your life.  Max…back.”

Max released him and I strongly suggested that he get out of town...the sooner the better.  Lucy hugged Max to thank him and we drove off, not to Lucy’s house, but to see her parents.  Once again Samuel opened the door and showed us into the parlor where Mr. and Mrs. Bascomb were drinking coffee and reading the morning’s newspapers.

“Well, this is a pleasant surprise, Lucille…Matt.”

“It wasn’t one we planned, Jonathan.  We had an altercation with Donald Craig outside the diner.”  I explained what had occurred and Lucy filled in the blanks, including how she was terrified until Max came to her rescue.

I could see the fire in Jonathan’s eyes as the story unfolded.  “I’ll be glad to straighten him out, Matt.”

“I hope you do, Jonathan, because if it happens again I’ll leave him to Max.  Only my command that Max ‘hold’ him saved his life.  Max has been trained to act on his own to protect me, and he will, but he knows how I feel about Lucy so she falls under his protection, as well.  Craig would be well advised to leave town.”

“He will.  He works for me and he’s about to be transferred to Wyoming.  I have a mine out there in God’s country.  It’s forty miles to the nearest town and it will be perfect for him.  Of course, he could just resign, but then I’ll handle him a different way.”

“Don’t do anything illegal, Jonathan.  I’d hate to have to arrest my future father-in-law.”

He laughed, but he also knew that I was dead serious.  He showed that he understood because a few seconds later he told all of us, “I did tell you I liked a direct man, didn’t I?  I wouldn’t respect you if you were any different.”  He held out his hand and I shook it.  Lucy and I left a minute later after her parents had petted Max.  I had held each of their hands just as I had with Lucy.  They were surprised at how gentle he could be.  I hoped that was all they would ever see of Max.

Lucy directed me to the middle of the three garage doors then jumped out to open it.  She stood aside as I drove my SUV into the large space.  Sure enough, to my left was a new red Mercedes convertible.  Laughing as I let Max out I said, “I can see you’ve been slumming over the past two weeks.”

“I’d ride in an old clunker if it meant I could be with you, Matt.  C’mon, let me show you the house.  Mi casa es su casa!”

“Be careful, Spanglish is my native language.”  She laughed again then pulled my lips down for a long hot and wet kiss. Breaking it, she took my hand and led Max and me through the door to a mud room complete with a washer, dryer, ironing board, and laundry sink in addition to a long coat rack and shoe rack beneath.  I thought at the time that this room was almost as big as my studio apartment in Carolina Beach.

Lucy led me into the kitchen where my senses were assaulted by the aroma of a pie being baked.  I was introduced to the cook/maid, a Scandinavian woman named Ingrid.  I was surprised to see a set of blue ceramic bowls on a rubber mat.  Both said “Max.”  She showed me the dining room, living room, library, and family room at the rear of the house with two sets of French doors leading to a huge stone patio and pool with a hot tub that looked like it could hold ten people.

“Now we’re coming to my favorite part—our bedroom.” She whispered as we walked up the stairs.  I was sure that Max would have been capering at Lucy’s feet had he not been told to heel.  There were more rooms here than I wanted to count.  Lucy showed me where her home office was and told me that she’d have a second desk, comfortable chair and computer in place before I could return.  The room, the smallest of the six bedrooms, was actually bigger than my studio, by far.

Finally, she led me to our bedroom.  It was huge, at least 400 square feet with two big walk-in closets and big master bathroom with a separate commode room, twin basins, and a big Jacuzzi.  “This is my favorite, Matt,” Lucy said as she walked into the shower.  It was the new kind with multiple heads on four walls and no door.  “I can’t wait for you to do me in here,” she whispered.

I met the other maid and the gardener and I insisted that they call me Matt rather than Mr. Cahill.  Lucy giggled when they called me Mr. Matt and I let it go.  It wasn’t worth arguing about.  However, there was a major discussion when I was asked what I wanted for dinner.  “What do you have,” I innocently asked.  Lucy giggled again, but harder than she had earlier.  I looked at her and asked, “What?”

“What would you like for dinner, Matt, if you could choose anything,” my bride-to-be asked.

I thought for about twenty seconds before answering, “It’s been a while since I last had chicken.  Could I possibly get it southern fried?”

“Yes, my love—you can and will have chicken and it will be southern fried.  I like it that way, too.” She sent the cook away then tiptoed up to kiss me.  “I can see you’re not accustomed to living like this—with a lot of money and servants.  All you have to do is ask and it will be done if humanly possible.  Did you notice those two big stainless steel doors in the kitchen?”

“Sure, but I just figured they were for a big refrigerator.”

“Well, the one on the left is for a walk-in freezer and the one on the right is for a walk-in refrigerator.  We always have a lot of food available and our beef is dry aged for more than three weeks before it’s served, just like at Carter’s or any other big fancy restaurant.  Why don’t we put on some bathing suits and go for a swim?”

“I don’t have any trunks—only a pair of running shorts. I’m afraid I’ll hang out of them.”

She laughed like hell then she whispered, “Goody!”

She was leading me upstairs when I told her she was incorrigible.  Then I laughed when she agreed.  I expected to find my bag on the floor, but it was in the closet and it was empty.  There was a large set of drawers along one wall and an open shelf with a mirror.  Checking the drawers I saw that my clean clothes had been folded and put away.  “I’m sure your dirty clothes are in the wash along with mine.  Don’t worry, you’ll get used to being spoiled pretty soon.”

“Let’s not forget that I still work for a living and, hopefully, you’ll be pregnant soon.  Being a mother will make you plenty busy, even with servants.”  I closed the door and began to strip out of my clothes.  I laid them carefully on the bed then shrugged into my running shorts.  Lucy did the same, donning a relatively modest bikini.  I had a really close look at her and I had to admit—money or no, she was looking better every day.

“I know what you’re thinking, Matt.  I was kind of dowdy when we first met because I really had no reason to look any better.  You’re bringing out my best.  C’mon, let’s go get wet.”  She took my hand and led me down the stairs and out the back through the family room.  There was a fiberglass locker there with dozens of towels.  Lucy grabbed two and handed them to me as she opened an electrical box and turned a dial.  The hot tub sprang to life.  I dropped the towels on a lounge and stepped into the hot bubbling water.

We sat there for several minutes when I saw Lucy doing something I couldn’t quite make out.  I realized and was shocked a minute or so later when a gray striped piece of cloth fell from her hand to the pool deck.  It was her bikini bottom.  “Here?  In the middle of the day where we can be seen?”

“Yes—right here and if anyone sees they’ll just be jealous.  I don’t care.  I love you and we’re engaged so we’re allowed some liberties.  Besides, servants are supposed to be mostly invisible.  Don’t worry, okay?   I’m hoping we’ll be doing this a lot.”

“I’m not going to argue.  I love you and making love with you is nothing less than spectacular.  This is all going to take a lot of time for me to get used to.  I have a tiny studio apartment in Carolina Beach about four blocks from the beach.  Max and I love to run on the beach even though I’m not supposed to take him there in season.  I do it anyway and I get away with it because I’m a marshal and we go really early.  Speaking of Max….”  I called him to me and pointed him to a place in the shade.  He went immediately, curling up on the cool stone.  “You might not know this, but dogs can get badly sunburned…even worse than people.”

While I was talking Lucy had run her hand up the leg of my shorts, finding my rapidly engorging cock easily.  She stroked me then slipped onto my lap, spearing herself in a flash.  I could see the rapture in her face as I began to thrust into her.  We were into it only a minute when I saw the door from the house open and my future mother-in-law emerge. I tried to push Lucy off, but she clung to me as though for dear life.

“Lucille, if you can tear yourself away from Matt for a few minutes I have some details about the reception I want to share with you.”  By then she had reached us and she saw Lucy’s bikini bottom with a gasp.  “Lucille!  Is this what I think it is?

“I don’t know, Mother.  What do you think it is?”

“It looks suspiciously like a part of your bathing suit.”

“You’re right, Mother, and before you go any further I want you to know that what we’re doing was all my idea.  Why don’t you go inside until we’re finished?  We’ll be done soon…too soon so far as I’m concerned.”  Mrs. Bascomb turned and left in a huff.

Lucy whispered, “I wasn’t kidding about the ‘too soon’ part. Damn, but I’m so hot for you.”  And then she groaned a low feral growl as her body convulsed fiercely before coming to a stop, her head resting on my shoulder.  “I’ll never tire of that, Matt…not if I live to be a hundred.”

I leaned down to kiss her before suggesting that we get out to meet with her mother.  I helped Lucy up and together we walked to the towels.  After drying each other I grabbed another two from the locker to sit on.  I was embarrassed when we saw her mother, but Lucy just laughed once again.  We sat on a leather loveseat while her mother was in a recliner.

“I’m hoping, Matt that you’ll be a good influence on my daughter who doesn’t seem to have grown up.”

“Mother, I’m thirty and this is my house, and I’m engaged so what’s the big deal?”

“Well, I don’t want to belabor the point so I’ll get right to it.  Can you go to Desmond’s tomorrow morning and check out their facilities?  Your father and I have started to put together our list of guests so we’ll need yours and Matt’s.  Any idea how many you’ll invite, Matt?”

“Well, there’s Daryl who I expect will be my best man and his guest and my aunt and uncle and their daughter, my cousin Constance and Ted, her husband.  I can think of maybe a dozen friends from the Marshal’s Service and the Navy so…probably thirty or so if that’s okay.”

“Of course it’s okay, Matt.  I think there will be more than three hundred guests by the time we’re done.  Matt, what name do you want to use on the invitations and I’ll need the names of your aunt and uncle.”

I noticed her pad in hand so I told her, “My legal name is Matt James Cahill, not Matthew and my aunt and uncle are Nellie and Charles Cahill of Wilmington, North Carolina.  Is that okay?”

“Yes, thank you so much.  What time should I tell Melvin that you’ll be at Desmond’s, Lucille?”

She looked at me for direction so I gave it by saying, “I think we can be there by ten.”   Lucy nodded her agreement and her mother got up to leave, hugging first Lucy and then me and even petting Max before leaving.  We spent the rest of the afternoon at the pool, sitting in the shade of an umbrella and drinking chilled bottled water.  I gave Max some water before falling asleep for what I thought might be a short nap.  Lucy had other ideas; she climbed onto my body just as we did at night, kissing my cheek and showing her love for me at least once every thirty seconds.

The next two days were a blur of activities in preparation for the wedding, but on Saturday morning I knew that I had to leave.  I had told Lucy that the sooner I left the sooner I could return, but she was still reluctant to see me go.  After a big breakfast of my favorites I loaded Max into the SUV and kissed Lucy goodbye.  Breaking our hug I kissed her tears from her cheeks.  I promised to call her twice a day as I drove away.

It was a long drive, more than 850 miles south to Memphis and then onto the interstate to Wilmington.  I did 550 miles the first day, stopping only to use the toilet or refill the tank, or walk Max or eat lunch.  I was in uniform and armed so nobody bothered me about Max or a leash, even when I took him into the fast food restaurants en route.  Finding a hotel that would accept Max was easier than I had thought.  There was a lot of respect for the uniform.

It was mid afternoon when I answered a call from Julia Adams.  She had interviewed Jack Perkins, the bartender/thief/student and, based on his statement had obtained a warrant to search his dorm room, finding enough pot and Meth to qualify as felony possession with intent to sell in the roommate’s drawers and clothing.  She had no difficulty turning him and Perkins, promising immunity in return for their assistance with the case.  She told me that the roommate had made an appointment with Jeremy Haynes to buy 250 Oxycodone tablets next Thursday.  He had picked a public place where it would be easy to maintain surveillance during the buy.  She thought the case was moving right along, but had no idea yet where it might lead.

As I had promised, I phoned Lucy right after leaving a barbeque place for lunch.  The first words she uttered were, “I love you and I already miss you terribly.”  I told her that she had stolen my line and we both laughed.  She had a little news about the wedding and I told her my aunt and uncle would be shocked when I told them.  Being with Lucy had fogged my mind and I had completely forgotten about phoning them.  I’d take care of that after I had spoken with Lucy.

She asked me about the traffic and how far I hoped to get.  “More than halfway, I hope.  I’ve decided that I’m going straight to the office to resign.  If I’m lucky I’ll run into Daryl while I’m there.”  We spoke for about twenty minutes before I ended the call.  I was glad that the SUV was equipped with hands-free phone technology so I could concentrate on driving instead of the phone.

I stopped for the night around 6:30 and phoned Lucy immediately.  She wanted to know if I’d had any trouble finding a motel.  “No, I let Max out of the car and we walked into the office.  The woman behind the counter took one look at my shirt and another at Max then gave me the federal government discount.  Some young girls were in the office with their parents and they asked if they could pet Max.  He was in seventh heaven. You know how much he likes kids.”

“I’m really missing you, Matt.  I’m not looking forward to going to bed tonight or any other night until you’re back here with me again.  I’m really looking forward to our first night together.”

“Yeah, me too; I have to run so I can get some dinner and then I have to phone my aunt and uncle.  I love you more than anything.”  She told me that she loved me again and that she was looking forward to meeting my family.  She kissed the phone then ended the call.

I phoned my aunt and uncle and I was a bit surprised when Uncle Chuck answered the phone.  “Hi, Matt—we saw you on the news last week.  That was some daring piece of work apprehending two rapists by yourself.”

“I wasn’t quite alone.  I had Max to help me.  Did you hear about the two armed robbers in a diner?”  He hadn’t so I told the short version of the story leaving the part about Lucy and me until the end.  “You can check out the diner when you get to Bascomb’s Landing, Uncle Chuck.”

“Where on earth is that and why would I want to go there?”

“Well, it’s in western Tennessee about sixty miles north of Memphis and I kind of assumed you’d want to attend the wedding.”  I waited for a few seconds before getting the expected, “WHAT?”

“It’s a long story that started when I tried to drive home once the case in St. Louis was closed.”  I went on to explain how I met Lucy and how I had stayed with her for several nights and how much I loved the town.  Then I told him about the attempted armed robbery and how Max and I had taken the robbers down.  I explained how Lucy and I had lived together for almost a week before I learned that her surname was Bascomb.

“You mean as in ‘Bascomb’s Landing?’”

“One and the same.”

“Holy crap!”

“Yeah, she was using this mobile home because her house was being painted.  It’s not just big it’s imposing with six bedrooms that she wants to fill with kids.  As big as it is, it’s small compared to her parents’ home.  Best of all, she’s an incredible person who is liked and respected by everyone in the city.  Oh yeah, I’m resigning from the Marshals Service to take the position of Chief of Police there.  Daryl is going with me as a lieutenant.”

“You managed all this in two weeks?”

“Yeah, it’s kind of miraculous and hard to believe, but it’s true.  I’ll be home tomorrow night and I’ll come by to show you a few photos on my phone.  I’ll see you and Aunt Nell then.  I need to get some dinner and turn in.  It’s been a long day.”

“Okay, we’ll see you then.  Come for dinner and bring your friend Daryl with you.  I can’t wait to tell your aunt and Constance.  Bye, Matt.”  I walked with Max to a nearby Outback where I asked for a booth.  Max sat opposite me while I ate a decent prime rib, saving him some fat and other scraps for his dinner.  I was in bed with Max on the floor at my side before ten.

I ate the complimentary breakfast hurriedly and left with a cup of coffee to check out.  The desk clerk commented on how well behaved my dog was.  “You don’t know the half of it.  He’s the best police dog I’ve ever seen, but he’s also friendly and gentle with kids.  He’s very protective of me and my fiancée.  I pity anyone who tries to hurt either one of us.”  I took my receipt and Max walked with me to the SUV.

I phoned Lucy around 11:00 to tell her that I loved her and that I was only an hour from Wilmington.  Then I phoned Daryl and was pleased to learn that he was in the office.  We agreed that we would both resign today.  He had his letter and I had mine.  The only question was how long we would have to wait before driving to Tennessee.

Max and I walked in just after noon and we walked straight to Daryl’s desk.  He rose as soon as he saw me and we hugged.  “There are a few things I want to discuss with you.  Had lunch yet?”

“No, I was waiting for you.  I want to hear about that case you wouldn’t talk about on the phone.”  He took a folder from the desk and we walked to the commander’s office where we told his secretary, Maura, that we needed to see him ASAP.  She called in on the intercom then told us to go right in.

Robert—call me Bob—Cunningham rose as we passed through the doorway.  “Great job in St. Louis, Matt.  Man, do you have one big pair of stones, pulling that off on your own even with Max to help you.  I have another big case lined up for you and Daryl.  Have a seat.”

“I think you might want to wait until you see what we have for you.”  I passed my letter across the desk to him, followed almost immediately by Daryl.

“What’s this?  You’re both resigning?  Why?”

“I’ve accepted the position of Chief of Police in Bascomb’s Landing, Tennessee.”

“What’s your story Evans?”

“I’ve accepted the position of Lieutenant of Police in Bascomb’s Landing, working with Matt.”

“Where the hell is this place?”

“It’s about sixty miles northeast of Memphis.  It’s a small city of about 28,000 people.  I met a woman there and we’re getting married.”

“Can’t you do that and stay with us?”

“I could, but I would like to settle down there.  Her name is Lucille Bascomb.  She’s a direct descendent of the city’s founder.  I left her yesterday morning and I already miss her.”

“Okay, I guess there’s nothing much I can do about that, but what’s this about buying Max for $10,000?  We both know he’s worth about ten times that.”

“That’s true, but he’s only worth that if I’m here to work with him.  He won’t accept commands from anyone else.”

“We’ll see about that.  What are you doing now?”

“I just have to finalize the summary on the Michael Clifford and Jordan Smith case and file my expense report.”

“How about you Daryl?”

“Pretty much the same on the Robinson matter.”

“Very well; there’s no sense getting you involved in a new case now so just file the reports and go down to payroll then you can go.  Matt, leave Max here.  I’m sorry to see you go, but I understand.”  I told Max to stay and Daryl and I left for lunch.

We were outside when Darryl asked where I wanted to go.  “How about that chicken place?  You know…the one with the great southern fried chicken?”

“Oh, yeah!  Want me to drive?  I’m sure you’re all driven out.”  I was pleased to let Darryl do the driving.  I needed to be able to think

“Two things—one good and one not so good; first, how’d you like to be my best man?”

“Really? Do they know I’m a spade?”

“No, but they do know you are black.  So does Lucy and she’s good with it.  So I’ll assume that was a ‘yes.’  The second thing isn’t so great.  I caught a bartender at Lucy’s parents’ weekly barbeque serving the cheap shit and pouring the good stuff into some empty bottles.”

“Okay, but that’s small potatoes.  Why all the need for secrecy?”

“Because he implicated one of the local cops.  I met with a state attorney thanks to Paul McCormick who’s now the Chief in Memphis. She has already flipped the bartender and his roommate who claimed to buy drugs from the same cop.  The roommate will wear a wire next week during a drug buy.  Now…the really interesting part is that the cop’s father is Chairman of the City Council.”

“That’s why you didn’t want to say anything in front of Lucy.”  I didn’t have to say a word.  One look at my face said it all.   “You’re worried about her safety if she was to slip and say the wrong thing to the wrong person at the wrong time.”

“And they say your mother raised a fool.”  Daryl laughed as he pulled into the restaurant’s parking lot.  A few minutes later we were seated and had ordered—the Southern fried half chicken with fries for me and pulled pork platter for Daryl.  “You’re going to love the Sunday dinners at Lucy’s parents’ house.  They have a cook who makes her own barbecue—smokes it for eight hours according to Lucy.”

“Maybe, but will I be invited?”

“I won’t be going if you’re not and Lucy won’t either.  She says they’ve had plenty of black guests in the past.  I’m looking forward to meeting one of them—the pastor at one of the biggest black churches.  I plan on enrolling him in my crusade to get some black officers on the department.”

“You have a lot of work ahead of you.  I can already see the outgoing chief—a real cracker who hasn’t done shit for years.  I’ll bet there’s no discipline in the ranks.”

“That’s one bet I’ll never take.”

“Okay, I have a question for you.  How long before the boss realizes that Max won’t do a thing for him or anyone else?”

“I figure Max will go home with me tonight although Bob’s kind of stubborn so he could hold out until tomorrow morning.  Max will move if he needs to heed the call of nature, but he’ll go right back to the same spot and he won’t move even if he’s starving.”

We enjoyed our lunch and I thought the chicken was just outstanding.  I invited Daryl to dinner with my family once we were back at the office where I spent the afternoon writing my reports and filing my expenses and taking them down to payroll.  I had a sly grin on my face when I was asked about my motel expenses on the way back from St. Louis.  Normally, the Service would have taken care of any weather-related expenses, but I didn’t have any other than my breakfasts and I had decided the first time I had made delicious love with Lucy that I would stay with her as long as possible.  I couldn’t ask for reimbursement for that.

I lounged around the office kidding with Daryl and one of the other marshals until just before 5:00.  It was time to get up and go home.  I was three steps from the desk when the intercom buzzed.  It had a different ring than the phone.  I picked it up and heard Maura tell me, “Bob wants to see you before you leave, Matt.”

Less than a minute later I was at her desk when the office door opened and Rob appeared, red-faced and furious.  “Give me your check and take this god-damned dog with you.  I’ve tried everything I can think of all afternoon and he hasn’t moved.”  At another time I would have laughed and told him, “I told you so,” but I decided to be a good winner. I handed him the check and demanded a receipt.  Once I had it I called to Max. He was at my side wagging his tail seconds later.

“Good luck to you and Daryl,” Bob told me.  “Call on us any time you need help.  I mean that.”  I thanked him and shook hands then led Max out the door.  Daryl was there waiting for us.  He petted Max then we walked to our cars and drove to my family home in nearby Leland.

We’d had a really big house when I was growing up in Wilmington, but Uncle Chuck and Aunt Nell had downsized to a three bedroom townhouse in Leland, about five miles south of the Cape Fear River.  It was just big enough to hold the grandkids for an overnight or holiday.  Over the Memorial Bridge I drove on US 17 until I reached Leland then it was left into Carolina Forest and a few miles down the winding road to their new home.

Charles Cahill, Esq. was a very successful lawyer—what is known as a plaintiff’s attorney.  He had successfully sued the hotel in the fire that had killed my parents.  I had asked him about that a few years ago because I knew he wasn’t licensed in New York.  “No problem, Matt; one of my law school buddies was in a high powered firm in Manhattan.  I did all the work and he filed the papers under his name.  This kind of thing happens all the time.  I owed him a favor and he got it back when he sued one of North Carolina’s biggest tobacco companies a few years ago.”

Apparently, my engagement must have been big news because the whole family was there to greet me and Max.  Well, my nieces greeted Max.  So far as they were concerned I was also there although I did get a huge hug from Constance and Aunt Nell.  I thought that was a great time to call Lucy.

“I have a few people here who want to talk to you and then I’ll give you my timetable.  I’m giving the phone to Constance, my cousin.”  I stepped aside while Constance and Lucy spoke for fifteen minutes.  What is it about women?  They can talk to total strangers like they were the best of friends.  After Constance the phone went to Aunt Nell.  I didn’t get it back for almost half an hour.  Finally, I spoke quietly with Lucy, stepping outside into what my aunt and uncle called their back yard.  If only they could see Lucy’s.  “Hi, at last; I wanted to give you the news.  Daryl and I are done with the Marshals Service.  Technically, I’m still on duty and payroll for another twenty-three days and Daryl for another twenty-two, but we don’t have to go to work.  I think it will take me four or five days to clean out my apartment and pack up my stuff.  I’m going to rent a trailer that I can tow behind my SUV.”

“Is that going to be safe, Matt?  It’s a long ride.”

“I know.  Don’t worry.  Daryl and I have already talked about it and he’s going to accompany me.  He has more stuff than I have so he’s hired a mover and he’ll have his car transported, too.  I think he’ll store everything there until he’s fully settled.”

“Did you tell him he can use the city’s house, you know—the one you won’t be staying in?”  She was laughing the entire time and I knew exactly what she was thinking because I was thinking the same things.  We told each other, “I love you,” several times and then gave each other a long distance kiss.  I walked inside to enjoy dinner with my family and my best friend.

NEXT:  I take over as Chief, leading to an eventful and successful start.  But first, Lucy and I take the big step.