Author: mypenname3000
Title: The World's First Futa  Futa's Beautu Pageant 01: Futa's First Naughty Pageant
Summary: The first anual Ms. Bred Beauty Pageant is under way and the world's first futa is there to judge all the pregnant hotties!
Keywords: Fsolo Hsolo HF exhib public voy oral toy preg inter lac

Copyright 2018

April 17th, 2047

Welcome back to our celebration of President Becky Woodward's forty-eight birthday, Adelia said as she sat beside me on the small couch. We were over an hour into our interview, streamed live across the internet to the world, and so much naughty fun had happened.

I still buzzed from fucking my young wife, Sharron, up the ass with my futa-cock before we took the last commercial break. My pregnant wife sat in a chair off-stage now, her face flushed, still half-dazed from her orgasmic high even after the two-minute-long pause for the advertisers.

Adelia, the caramel-skinned talk show host, glanced at me. It is such an honor to have the world's first futa in my studio today. I'm so glad you accepted my invitation to have this retrospective on your life.

It has been a wonderful time so far, I said. A laugh rippled out of the watching studio audience, a peal of feminine delight. Especially telling you about my first live interview back when I was nineteen.

Yes, yes, what a tale that was, Adelia said. And it is what led to our next topic in your life: Ms. Bred Beauty Pageant. It's like the Miss Universe contest, but only eligible to women bred by you and who were in their third trimester of their pregnancy.

When they could show off those round bellies, I said, nodding my head. 

So the twenty-ninth Ms. Bred was held just last month, Adelia said.

I laughed, The first one I was able to judge in eight years. It was one of the things I missed while serving my two terms as president. So I was glad to be able to return.

Yes, especially since you'll soon be taking office as the world's first president. So no more judging duties again?

I sighed. No more judging duties... But the people, mainly the women, of the world spoke. We're going to do something great, but we haven't gotten to that part of my life yet. Right now, everyone wants to hear about the first pageant.

Ms. Bred 2019, nodded Adelia. It was such a hot idea.

I wish I could take credit for the idea, but a far kinkier man then me came up with it.

You're talking about Carter Mondale, who was then the President of CNN? Adelia asked.

I nodded my head, my blonde hair rustling about my shoulders. The hair stylist had touched me up between breaks, my do getting a little tousled after having sex a few times already. My futa-dick throbbed beneath my skirt as I said, He met me after my interview with Amelia McCreery. He was ecstatic about the success of that broadcast. It shouldn't be a shock to anyone that he would propose this naughty idea of beauty pageant.

After all, he put live futa-sex onto CNN to boost its ratings against its competitor, Fox News, who numbered among my greatest critics.

Of course, Fox News was having you breeding their female hosts withing a week, Adelia said.

Principals don't matter when there are ratings to be earned and advertiser dollars to be made, I said.

Or when a sexy futa with a big, throbbing girl-dick wants to breed your pussy, Adelia added, her voice growing throaty. She pressed her thighs together, streaked with my drying cum from our earlier romp.

So true, I said, smiling at the TV. So Mr. Mondale proposed the idea, and I fell in love with it. It turned out to be a lot of work to put together. We had to figure out how to get contestants, what the rules were, the sponsors. Even with Mr. Mondale putting all his business and media expertise to it, I felt ragged by the time March rolled around. I was also cheering for my college, fundraising with the boosters and alumni, giving interviews left and right, and breeding every woman I could in between. My nineteen-year-old self was pushed to her limits.

But it was worth it, I said, smiling.

So how did you come up with the contestants? Now a days, with your daughters breeding women, too, it's not just limited to girls you've impregnated so the pool is a lot larger to draw from. But back then...

We held twenty qualifying events, glorified talent shows, mostly across the Pacific Northwest since that was where I lived at the time. People who attended would vote on which pregnant girl they thought was the most talented and hottest. The winner would then make the final event, assuming her ultrasound showed that she was carrying a futa. I was so excited when the day finally came. It was a Saturday and I was wearing the most beautiful dress ever...

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

March 23rd, 2019

I trembled as I sat down at the judge's table to the right of the stage, my dick so hard, tenting the front of the little, black dress I wore. I felt so glamorous in it with my diamond necklace about my neck, my round breasts on displayed. I had my blonde hair stylized into a delicious mass that fell down to my left shoulder and spilled over it and down to my cleavage. 

On my right, Mr. Mondale sat, a tall man, slightly overweight but his tux hid most of it, making him look almost suave until you saw that pervy grin on his thick lips. He had his hands clasped before him, eager for the contestants to come out. On my right was Amelia McCreery, the CNN host I bred on live TV. She had her hands cupping her swollen belly, a glow almost radiating out from the black-hair woman. Her breasts looked so ripe and inviting in her low-cut, red dress.

I could feel the excitement rippling through the auditorium. The Dolby Theater in Los Angeles was packed with attendees. The air brimmed with excitement. I rubbed my hands together, fighting the urge to grab my futa-dick as the stage lights came on. The music played.

Karissa Walmsley, Miss Universe 2018, strode out in a silver dress that clung to her lush body, her belly round with the five months of her pregnancy, her hips swaying from side-to-side. She moved with the same grace she displayed when she won her crown, nestled amid her black curls. Her coffee-brown skin from her mixed-race heritage almost glowed beneath the stage lights. She felt ephemeral, like a dream.

Welcome to the first annual Ms. Bred Beauty Pageant, she said, her voice gushing. I am so honored to be invited by the world's first futa, Becky Woodward, to MC this little event. She paused, hand on her hip, giving the crowd a dazzling smile. I know, look at me. I'm not nearly pregnant enough to be on stage with the beauties you're going to see tonight.

Laughter rippled through the crowd.

My pussy itched as I trembled in anticipation.

We have twenty beautiful, bred ladies all eager to show off their womanly charms to you tonight, Karissa continued. So try to pace yourself. We have a night long event that will be full of so much passion, you might not make it otherwise.

The lights changed, the stage going almost all dark except a single spotlight striking a red curtain on the right side of the stage. I could feel the anticipation swelling in the audience. In myself. My hand drifted beneath the table, finding my hard cock.

So let's welcome tonight's lucky girls, Karissa said, just a shape in the dark now, save for the occasional flash off her silver sequins as she shifted. First up, all the way from Des Moines, Iowa is Jacki Colbert. She is a student at Seattle Pacific University who was bred by Becky when she snuck onto the UW campus with a group of friends and crashed one of the futa's infamous Sunday orgies.

That naughty minx, I purred as Jacki Colbert strutted out in a blue dress that hugged her pregnant form. She was blonde with heavy tits that jiggled, each cupped in soft, azure cloth. Her round belly swayed before her as she walked with such a confident strut. She had such long legs, the slit in the side of her dress letting her right flash out with every step on her stiletto heels.

My futa-cock throbbed hard.

A spotlight shone at the opposite end of stage while the first followed Jacki to her position. Next we have Rexanne Weaver from Puyallup, Washington. She worked at a local coffee shop and had the delight of serving Becky more than the local java.

My futa-dick throbbed as Rexanne strutted out, a petite girl with black hair, her belly looking so swollen with her pregnancy. Her small stature only made her hotter as she cupped her belly. She gave the audience smoky looks, her hips swaying. I vaguely remembered meeting her right before the fall semester started up.

More and more names were called. More and more beauties strutted out in their gowns. They were all so pregnant. So swollen and ripe. My hand clenched about my futa-dick, stroking up and down my shaft as I licked my lips in anticipation of tonight's pageant. Some I knew very well, like Mei Wen who cheered on my college team, or Jamie who was secretary to my university's president. Other girls I would never forget, like Sabrina, the cheerleader I fucked and bred while her quarterback boyfriend watched on, or Jordan, the naughty producer who sat on my dick during my first live interview with Amelia McCreery. But there were other contestants I didn't remember breeding at all, lost in the blur of women I'd fucked.

And then there was Kristina Fishman. 

I fought the urge to glare at the Black girl as she sauntered out. She used my ex-boyfriend Kurt to get close to me so she could be fucked and bred by me. She dumped him after I bred her before cheering at my first UW football game. And since I liked Kurt, I wasn't happy with her at all.

In fact, I was rooting for her to lose. But I had to be impartial. I couldn't vote against her just because of my personal feelings. Besides, I had an equal vote to Amelia and Mr. Mondale. I hoped they would see her as a cow and therefore not worthy of winning this contest.

Finally, all twenty pregnant ladies were standing beneath their own spotlights. They all looked so delicious, even Kristina, in their tight dresses. I had bred them all. They were all brimming with the life I planted in them. It made my futa-dick ache so badly. My pussy dripped so much juices.

I stroked myself faster.

Now, let's get to know this bevy of bred beauties, Karissa said. And, yes, I had to practice saying that without swallowing my tongue.

The audience rippled with laughter. I smiled as I studied the women, eager to get to know some of them better. A few I still couldn't remember fucking at all, like Jacki or Anemone, a redhead who came out seventh.

Amelia went first with her question. Kristina, outside of fucking Becky, what is the naughtiest sexual act you've ever performed?

Kristina clapped her hands before her mouth. The tall, Black girl shook her hips, her crimson dress swaying as it fell off her swollen belly. Oh, my, well, it was at my sister's wedding last month. She shivered. Well, they say being pregnant makes you horny and... I let two guys I met spit-roast me in the coat room during the wedding reception.

Oh, so you were taking it from both ends? quipped Karissa.

Both ends, Kristina said, her voice so tight.

Jacki, Mr. Mondale asked, what is the wildest sexual partner, outside of Becky, you've ever had?

Jacki's cheeks went crimson, contrasting with her blonde hair. But she kept her poise. She lifted her chin and said, My boyfriend's father. He's a total silver fox. He, huh, banged me during Thanksgiving in the bathroom while everyone was having pumpkin pie. I had just met him but... He had this spark his son lacked.

So more than the turkey got stuffed, huh? Karissa asked, bringing another gale of laughter from the audience.

I was grinning still from her joke as I asked my first question. Anemone, before you met me, had you ever eaten pussy?

The redhead, who had the most unusual name I had ever heard, fixed me such a naughty smile. Her round breasts rose as she drew in a deep breath, the thin straps of her bodice exposing most of her pale chest. Yes. I got drunk with a girlfriend of mine once and we went down on each other. Though she had nothing on the skill of your tongue, Becky.

I've had lots of practice, I said, my futa-dick throbbing in my hand. I pumped up and down it, my pussy clenching.

The questions continued, each of us judges taking a turn. Every girl was asked at least two questions, though some attracted more than others.

Sabrina, asked Amelia, what's the weirdest place, besides on a football field, you ever had sex?

The head cheerleader of the Oregon Ducks gave a dazzling smile. Her caramel skin almost glowed. She cupped her belly clad in her soft-pink dress and said, I gave my boyfriend a blowjob while we were on a Ferris wheel. He also fingered me as I sucked him.

Still dating that quarterback? I asked.

Oh, yes, she answered, giving me a smoky look and winking at me.

When my next question came up, I aimed it at Jordan, that naughty producer who helped Amelia trick me seven months ago. I had the perfect question for her. Jordan, do you love anal?

Jordan shivered, her blonde hair kissing her shoulders, the tips dyed pink. She rubbed her pregnant belly and said, The only time I ever had anal was with you, and I screamed my head off.

I blinked. You never did it since?

I haven't found a cock anywhere near as big as the one my asshole craves, she purred.

Mr. Mondale laughed. He then asked a girl with her black-hair falling in a thick braid down her back, Cass, what is your naughtiest sexual fantasy?

The girl's pillowy breasts swayed in her low-cut, black dress. They looked on the verge of spilling out of her top. She licked her lips, her cheeks going scarlet. I want to be ravished by a dragon. I know they don't exist, but I just think about this powerful beast on me, in me, fucking me... She shuddered. Oh, god, it's deprave, I know, but...

But it's so hot, Amelia purred. And there's nothing wrong with that.

Nothing, I groaned licking my lips as I stared at Cass's jiggling tits. My hand pumped up and down my cock faster, the ache building at the tip.

Now Kim, what is your favorite sex toy? Amelia asked the other Ducks' cheerleader who made the event.

Kim was the petite, Vietnamese cheerleader I bred third at the game, fucking her hard on the sidelines. She looked so dainty even pregnant, her belly proportioned to her slender frame. She had such a delicious shade of dusky-olive skin, her short, black hair framing her doll-like face.

I don't know the name exactly, but it's a type of vibrator that rotates, she said. It has a hook at the end, not sharp, but it presses inside your pussy and spins around. It just churns you until you explode.

My cunt clenched. Oh, god, I think I need to try that.

I was so on edge after that. I wanted to just stroke myself off. But I backed off on my frantic pumping so we could get through the rest of the questions. The girls were all blushing but smiling, some hugging their swollen bellies. They all looked so delicious.

Well, I think any woman who's been pregnant knows your ankles get sore standing for a while, Karissa said, so we prepared some naughty seats for our contestants to use as we head into the endurance portion of the contest.

I know, endurance. Who ever heard of that in a beauty contest? Well, this is sexual endurance. The first ten girls who orgasm are, I'm afraid, disqualified from the second half of the event. Each girl will have to do her best to fight off that naughty desire to explode. But it won't be easy with these chairs!

Stage lights illuminated the back of the auditorium. Two rows of chairs were set up, each silver and almost delicate looking. Thrusting up from the center of each seat was a thick, bumpy dildo waiting for a pregnant pussy to engulf it. I shuddered, smiling as the girls gasped and the audience groaned in excitement.

So let's bare those bodies, ladies, and take your seat, Karissa said. Even if you lose this contest, you're going to cum hard doing it.

The audience laughed which turned into groans as the dresses came off. Clothing fell away from breasts ripe with new life and bellies swollen from my futa-seed. I groaned as the sight of these fit women disrobing. Some had fat nipples, others had small nubs. Some breasts were perky and taut while others were pillowy and soft. They swayed and jiggled. Juices flowed down thighs. Some girls were shaved, others thick and bushy.

They all made me salivate.

Good god, I knew this would be amazing, Mr. Mondale groaned beside me, his own hand beneath the judge's table.

They are all so scrumptious, Amelia said, trembling beside me. I'm surprised you haven't popped off yet, Becky.

I'm saving myself for the first girl to lose, I said. I hoped it would be Kristina. 

I see more than a few glistening thighs, Karissa purred as the contestants sauntered to the chairs on their heels, the only thing they wore. I think more than a few have been looking forward to this event.

I am going to dominate it! Sabrina gasped then did a surprisingly limber high kick, not as much as a cheerleader should, but impressive with her pregnant belly before her. Ooh, yes!

My hand stroked up and down my girl-dick as the first of them reached the table. A redhead named Caetlin was the first. Her fiery curls bounced about her shoulders and her breasts swayed as she wiggled her hips. She guided the thick, purple dildo to her pussy. Her moans echoed over the stage as she sank her hot cunt down it.

My futa-cock ached in my hand. I remembered fucking her hard from behind when she joined the Sigma Lambda Tau sorority last fall. I bred all their pledges. It was a new rule for their sorority. Over the summer, every member gave birth to my daughters from the orgy last year.

Other contestants settled down on the fake cocks. They whimpered and moaned and shuddered so deliciously. Breasts swayed and jiggled. Swollen bellies heaved. Some kept their thighs spread, showing off their pussy lips engulfing plastic shafts.

Oh, fuck, groaned Jordan, her hands squeezing her tits. She had her legs spread wide, showing off her clit piercing that I enjoyed during the interview months ago.

I am so hard, I moaned as the last girl settled into place.

Me, too, groaned Mr. Mondale. 

And now for the real fun to begin, Karissa said, her voice purring. I can tell you my pussy is more than envious for the buzzing fun that's about to begin.

All the girls gasped as the vibrators hummed to life in their pussies. Their backs straightened. Their eyes bulged. We didn't tell any of them that they would have to deal with vibrators. Girls shifted their hips. Others clenched their jaws. Hands squeezed tits, held bellies, or clutched thighs. Already, the girls battled against the swelling pleasure.

These are top of the line vibrators donated by the amazing Kink Crate, a wonderful company making the finest sex toys, continued Karissa. Each one has several actuators that cause multiple points of stimulation. They wiggle. Each little bump buzzes. They are designed to drive women wild. And you may not be able to see at home, but the bases are wide with labial and clitoral stimulation, too.

Oh, my fucking god! Cass moaned, the black-haired girl shuddering. She leaned forward, her braid swaying down her back.

I shivered, my eyes flicking from girl-to-girl, watching their faces. I fisted my dick, my pussy clenching. My left hand crept up my thigh, reaching closer and closer to my juicy snatch as the moans and gasps of the pregnant contestants spilled through the air. Their passion reverberated through the studio. Their bodies shifted. They eyes widened as the pleasure assaulted their pussies.

Which girl will cum first? Karissa asked, her voice liquid honey through the PA system.

Yes, I moaned, my fingers reaching my hot pussy lips.

I stroked my wet labia, my juices flowing, while fisting my dick. My tits swayed in my bodice, my nipples rubbing against the black silk. The fabric caressed my nubs, shooting such wondrous delight right down to my pussy. So many beauties. Would it be Darcy who came first? The blonde trembled, her back arching, her small tits jiggling hard, the right pierced by a silver nipple.

Or Hispanic Consuelo? She had her legs thrown out wide apart, leaning back into her chair, her hands squeezing her breasts ripened into firm mounds by her pregnancy.

So many possibilities. My eyes flicked across them all, drinking in all the pregnant delights as I caressed my pussy lips and fisted my clit-dick. Then I jammed two fingers into my hot cunt, sinking them deep into my snatch.

Yes, I whimpered, adding my moans to the bliss echoing through the room.

Ooh, is Kristina going to cum? Amelia murmured. Mr. Mondale, this is so hot to watch.

I pumped my two fingers so deep into my juicy pussy, whimpering with all the pregnant beauties. My right hand slid up and down my dick, squeezing hard. The crown throbbed every time I reached the pinnacle as I drank in the sight of all these pregnant women shuddering and groaning and writhing in passion.

It was all so inspiring. It made me shudder. My snatch clenched so hard on my fingers. For a moment, I thought Sabrina would cum, her caramel face twisted in rapture. She squeezed her round breasts, thumbs brushing her brown nipples, almost lost to the rapture sweeping through her.

Then she pulled her hands away from her tits, shaking her head. She clenched her teeth, fighting through the rapture humming through her pussy. My own cunt clenched so hard on my fingers, envious of Sabrina's vibrator.

Ooh, Cass looks on the verge of erupting, Amelia panted, her hands rubbing her pregnant belly beside me.

My gaze swept over to the busty Cass. She was actually bouncing on the vibrator, fucking her pussy up and down the bumpy shaft. Her huge tits swayed before her, almost smacking into the top of her pregnant belly. Her toned thighs rippled as she lifted herself up and down the toy.

Mmm, looks like someone's forgotten themselves, Karissa purred into the microphone. But Cass's titties are sure hot to watch.

Uh-huh, I moaned, the crowd whooping in agreement.

Cass let out a gasp and then just impaled her pussy down the shaft. She leaned back, her tits heaving as she sucked in hair. Her braid dangled off the back of her chair. She shook her head in denial of her pleasure.

Looks like Cass's gotten herself back under control, Karissa said through the PA system. The pregnant Miss Universe sat on her own chair to the side, her breasts jiggling in her silver dress as she squirmed. Mmm, and Jacki looks utterly in control of her pleasure. Look at those slow breaths she's taking.

My eyes shot to the busty blonde. Her large tits did rise and fall in a measured beat, her eyes closed. She hardly squirmed, almost like she was meditating and channeling the rapture into a greater focus.

Mmm, that's kinda hot, purred Amelia.

Yeah, I nodded, almost hypnotized by those big breasts as they rose and fell. My pussy clenched on my probing fingers while my dick throbbed in my stroking hand. I licked my lips, wanting to go out there and suck on Jacki's tits.

Mei Wen is fighting hard, Karissa reported. The University of Washington cheerleader my look small, but she's got a lot of concentration packed into that slender frame.

Ooh, yes, she does, Amelia moaned. You need to introduce me to her, Becky. I want to feel that cute face licking at my pussy.

Ideally with your pussy full of my cum? I asked her, rubbing my thumb across my girl-dick.

Yes! she gasped.

I grinned, my eyes flicking past Mei Wen to Kristina. I hoped to see the Black girl on the verge of cumming. She strained and struggled in the chair. She squirmed, her hands clutching her ebony thighs as she swung them open and closed. But she didn't look on the edge of orgasming.

Pity.

Uh-huh, I think we have our first loser, Karissa said. Anemone looks like she's in trouble.

My gaze shot to the redhead with the exotic name. She squeezed her round breasts, her thumbs rubbing her dark-red nipples. She squirmed and whimpered, her chair creaking. Pleasure wracked her face. She threw back her head, her mouth opened wide.

Oh, my god! I heard her scream over all the other moaning and panting girls, her passions resounding so clearly through the auditorium. Please, no! I can't. I don't want to lose... No, no, no!

I could feel the crowd watching with interest. An anticipatory tingle ran through the room. Hundreds of eyes witnessed the pregnant redhead on the verge of surrendering into her orgasmic rapture, her pussy churned by the vibrator.

Well, it's been five minutes, Karissa said. And that means the vibrators start humming faster.

Oh, fuck! gasped Anemone.

All the girls gasped. Jacki's eyes opened. Her body trembled. More moans rippled through them, more pregnant contestants fighting off their orgasms. My eyes went back to Anemone. She leaned forward, her pregnant belly pressing against her thighs. Her hair fell over her face and...

Fuck, fuck, fuck! she screeched. Oh, my god, so good!

And Anemone is cumming! declared Karissa. Ooh, isn't she so beautiful lost to the rapture of her orgasms?

Yes, yes, yes! Anemone moaned, leaning back now. Her hands squeezed her tits, her face contorting in rapture.

She is beautiful, groaned Mr. Mondale, his voice so throaty.

Yes, she is, I whimpered, my futa-dick throbbing, aching, wanting to cum. I stopped stroking my dick and just kept stirring my cunt up with my fingers. I didn't want to cum, yet.

Ooh, Anemone, when you come down from that high, come over here and we'll chat, Karissa said.

Anemone slumped back into the chair. She whimpered, her eyes fluttering. Her vibrator would have turned off, each controlled individually. She sucked in deep breaths then, with a groan, she lifted her pussy off the sex toy, leaving it glistening with her cream.

She tottered past the other moaning, groaning, squirming pregnant girls. The redhead clutched her belly swollen with our baby as she headed for Karissa. I shivered, loving the redhead's flushed beauty. My pussy clenched on my fingers as I let out a wanton moan.

You are going to fuck her so hard, aren't you? purred Amelia.

Does she know any other way to fuck? Mr. Mondale asked.

I grinned at him.

Now, Anemone, what a heart break it is that you came first, Karissa said, putting her arm around the naked, pregnant girl. Their round bellies nudged together.

My dick ached. They were both so full of the life I bred in them.

I'm bummed, Anemone said, still panting. But... I always cum so easily. I never thought it would be a bad thing until today.

Karissa nodded her head. Now you must be due, in what, early May?

May 5th, Anemone said, a smile growing on her lips. She looked down at her belly she still cradled.

Wonderful. Do you have any plans for naming your futa-daughter?

Epiphany, she said.

Ooh, that's an interesting name. Why?

Anemone turned to look at the judge's table. At me. She gave me a sultry smile. Because the first time I saw Becky, an epiphany went off in my head that she would forever change me. And she did. She gave me my daughter. It feels right.

I nodded my head, my futa-dick throbbing while the audience clapped and applauded Anemone. I blinked and realized my eyes were stinging with impending emotion. They fluttered, a catch building at my throat. It touched me to hear what I gave her. A daughter to love.

Now, there is a special treat for the first girl to orgasm, Karissa said. Something we didn't tell you and the other contestants because we didn't want anyone trying to lose on purpose.

Oh? Anemone said.

I rose, my futa-dick thrusting out the bottom of my black skirt. I moved out from around the back of the judge's table towards where Karissa and Anemone were. The spotlight landed on me. Suddenly I felt revealed, exposed. Applause rose through the crowd, drowning out the moans of the pregnant women writhing on the dildos as I drank in all the lust for me.

I loved showing off. I savored it when people watched me when I chose it. I hated the paparazzi who liked to invade my privacy when I didn't want the entire world to know who I was fucking.

Hi, Anemone, I purred, slipping my arm around her waist. I'm going to fuck you so hard while we watch the other girls struggle not to cum. But you... feel free to explode on my futa-dick as much as you want.

Ooh, Becky! she whimpered, her body quivering. She blinked her green eyes. Thank you!

I pulled her to me, loving the feel of her swollen belly pressing against my stomach. My lips found hers, hot and hungry, eager to devour her. I wanted to love her. To fuck her. To ravish her before everyone. She clung to me while my hands roamed her naked body. I touched her round stomach and cupped her cute tush. My tongue danced with ours while my futa-dick rubbed against the bottom curve of her baby bump.

A wild thrill went through me. Another nineteen women I bred moaned before us as I kissed this pregnant beauty. She gripped my ass through my short, black skirt, pulling me so tight against her as our tongues dueled.

Then she broke the kiss. Will you fuck me Husky-style?

I grinned. Since the UW mascot was the Husky, also called the Dawg, the announcer at the football game started calling doggy-style Husky-style when I was fucking Sabrina, Kim, and their fellow cheerleaders.

Yes, I will, I purred, my futa-dick throbbing in delight.

We even have a padded mattress for you to lay on, purred Karissa, pointing to the balk padding almost lost on the dark stage.

The crowed cheered behind us as she sank down to her knees with a wobble. She groaned, clutching her swollen belly. Then she stretched out on her hands and knees staring right at the other girls squirming on their vibrators. I groaned at the sight of the winged tramp stamp she had on her lower back, making her ass look even more fetching.

I fell to my knees behind her on the bedding. I gripped her rump, squeezing it as I leaned down to nuzzle at her shaved pussy. I had to eat her pregnant snatch. I had to devour this cunt I bred. I pressed my mouth against her hot flesh, licking and tonguing it as I watched the other contestants writhing.

Kristina did not look close to orgasming as I swirled my tongue through Anemone's pregnant snatch.

It's been another five minutes, purred Karissa behind me, so let's increase those vibrators and make more of these pregnant hotties cum.

Yes! Anemone moaned, wiggling her pussy back against my hungry mouth.

My futa-dick throbbed, my cream running down my shaft. I wanted to be buried in this pussy, but I was having such a fun time licking her. Her juices poured out, so spicy and delicious. They dribbled down my chin to my neck, racing to my breasts cupped in my little, black dress.

I felt the audience watching us. My pussy was aimed right at them, a spotlight warming my rump. I hoped everyone could see my blonde bush soaked with my excitement and my clit-dick throbbing to the beat of my heart. I wiggled my hips, my shaft swaying between my thighs.

Uh-huh, looks like Mei Wen is in trouble, Karissa said. She's struggling hard, but the vibrator is churning her pregnant snatch up.

Mmm, yes it is, Anemone moaned, wiggling her hips, smearing her spicy cunt's shaved lips on my mouth.

I flicked my eyes up, staring past the redhead's cute rump to find my fellow cheerleader. Mei Wen struggled, her petite flame shuddering. The Chinese cheerleader clutched her belly, her lower lip quivering as she fought against her orgasm.

Hotter than the sun;
Harder than a diamond;
Mei Wen won't cum,
'til she gets the job done!

The cheer roared from behind me. I could hear Ashlie in there, the cheer captain rallying her team to keep Mei Wen in it. I shuddered, staring at my fellow cheerleader, my futa-dick throbbing, hoping she could hold out a little longer. That the cheer would inspire her.

But then her entire body shuddered. She cried out in her musical Mandarin as her small tits heaved. She squeezed her belly, her face twisting and contorting in rapture. I groaned, fluttering my tongue through Anemone's spicy pussy. I wanted Mei Wen to go farther in the competition.

To outlast Kristina.

Too bad for Mei Wen, sighed Karissa. But she gave it a good effort.

Yes, yes, yes! Anemone moaned. And then she gasped. Her butt-cheeks clenched before her. Her moans drowned out what Karissa said next for me.

Spicy cream squirted into my hungry mouth. She drowned me in her passion. It swept over me this molten burst of passion. I gulped it down as rivulets of her hot juices ran down my throat for the bodice of my clinging dress. My tongue fluttered, gathering all her delight I could.

My futa-dick throbbed. I needed pussy. Her pregnant pussy.

I rose and slammed my dick into her cunt. I buried to the hilt in the redhead's rippling snatch. Her bred cunt massaged my cock. I didn't fuck her but just savored the feel of her convulsing about me as I watched all the girls writhing.

A black-haired girl came next. She shuddered on the chair, her round tits heaving. She leaned forward, shaking her head like she could deny the pleasure coursing through her body. I shuddered, loving the sight of her passion.

Fuck me, Becky! Anemone moaned. I need to cum again! Please, please, give me more orgasms!

Yes! I groaned and pumped my hips, sliding my cock in and out of her pregnant pussy.

I trembled, my breasts heaving in my top as I fucked her bred snatch. Her cunt gripped me, that silky friction holding me so tight. Pleasure rippled through me, my own pussy drinking in every shiver that raced down my dick.

Anemone's hole grew hotter and tighter. That juicy grip made me groan as I watched the girls squirming on their vibrators. Three were gone, but the other seventeen were all eager to hold out and win. Kristina fought against her orgasm, her ebony belly heaving as she bucked and squirmed on it.

Then I noticed Consuelo gasping and moaning. The Hispanic beauty's head lowered, her curly-brown hair forming a curtain that obscured her face. Her hands gripped the edge of her chair's seat. She pushed herself up and down it, lifting her cunt a few inches up the dildo and then slamming back down it.

Ooh, Consuelo's lost all control, Anemone, I panted, slamming into it.

Good! gasped the redhead, her fiery hair dancing about her shoulders. Ooh, yes, yes, yes, she has. Just fucking that bred pussy on that dildo! But I get your dick! I'm the lucky one! Her head threw back and her pussy went wild about my dick.

My eyes widened. Anemone came again. Her pussy spasmed and convulsed about my snatch. I couldn't believe it. I shuddered. My eyes squeezed shut as the rapture surged around my cock. It was incredible. This wondrous, delicious, amazing delight spasming about my clit-dick. It caressed my shaft, bathing me in her juices.

Her pregnant pussy sucked at my cum like it wanted to be bred again. I whimpered, pounding her so hard, my dress rustling about my hips. My nipples drank in the feel of the fabric. Pussy juices ran down my thighs as I savored this high. Cameras recorded this, broadcasting it on cable networks, free of the FCC and their puritanical rules.

And Consuelo is cumming! Karissa announced. She held out valiantly, but the Hispanic slut just couldn't control that pussy. And it looks like she's not alone. Caetlin is on the verge of her own orgasm.

My head shut over to the sixth contestant, a short girl with auburn hair falling in waves around her flushed face. She leaned back, her hands clutching her pregnant belly while her hips wiggled. Her firm titties bounced and jiggled.

Oh, god, those are such sexy tits, I moaned. 

Uh-huh, Anemone whimpered, her pussy still convulsing about my dick, bathing my shaft in her passion. Her juices flooded down my thighs. Ooh, she's a wild one.

Yes! I moaned, my heart thudding in my chest as the pleasure rippled through me. This was all so naughty. So wild.

And Caetlin is cumming! Karissa boomed. Look at that hair fly. She is loving it.

Yes, yes, yes! Anemone howled, her pussy writhing about my girl-dick. Her pussy spasmed and convulsed about it. She shivered, squeezing down on my futa-dick. My eyes rolled back in my head. I shuddered, my dick on the verge of erupting.

I held back. I didn't want to cum yet. I wanted to outlast the girls on the chair. But it was so hard with Anemone's amazing, pregnant pussy massaging my dick. She gave me such rapture. The friction of her spasming flesh surrounded me. I groaned, my eyes squeezing shut. It was so incredible. 

Damn! I whimpered.

Cum in me, Becky! hissed the redheaded slut. She bucked back into me, looking over her shoulder. Please, please, give me your cum.

Not yet! I whimpered, my eyes darting around the stage. Who would be next? Oh, god, please, let someone be next. Five more still had to be disqualified. 

Kristina still held her belly, her face squeezed shut. Jacki kneaded her tits and... Milk squirted from her mounds. She must be lactating. I whimpered, my dick throbbing at the sight. Cass fucked her pussy up and down the dildo, leaning forward and lifting her thighs, her hands braced on her knees. Sabrina hugged her tits, her face scrunched up in rapture as she fought against cumming.

Ooh, Jamie and Darcy are both gasping, Karissa announced. Will it be the naughty secretary or the wicked oral hygienist who cums first?

My eyes shot to the two girls. Both were blonde, Jamie's hair shorter than Darcy. But it was still so hot to watch as I plowed into Anemone's hot pussy. The redhead I fucked was still cumming, my dick aching, my pussy clenching.

I girt my teeth, watching as Jamie threw back her head. Her pregnant belly heaved before her as she surrendered to her rapture. Then Darcy screamed out beside her. Juices flooded out of her pussy, gushing down her thighs in a spray as she squirted from her orgasm.

Darcy came so hard I thought she would rocket off her seat, Karissa said. The audience rumbled in laughter. Mmm, now only three more to go and... No, no, Norene is cumming, too. Look at that brunette go.

The brunette gasped and shuddered, her head swinging from side to side as her orgasm explode through her bred body. Anemone's pussy sucked at my dick. I gasped, slamming into her so hard. I rubbed at her pregnant belly, stroking her, fighting the urge to unleash my jizz. Only two more girls to go.

Come on, Kristina, and cum, I hissed beneath my breath.

And it's been another five minutes, so let's turn up the speed.

Every pregnant contestant gasped and moaned. Jacki squeezed her tits again, her milk squirting. Sabrina's eyes squeezed shut, her jaw clenching. Diana's teardrop-shaped tits heaved as she fought her orgasm. Rochelle's pixyish face contorted in rapture, her legs thrust out before her. Rexanne pulled at her dusky nipples topping her conical tits. Kristina gasped, leaning forward. She looked on the verge of erupting.

I fucked Anemone so hard. I stared at Kristina. She fought it. But I could see her coming closer and closer to her eruption. My dick throbbed, the tip aching. My cum wanted to fire out of me. I growled through my clenched teeth, fighting it.

Come on, Kristina, I snarled. Just cum!

And ngela is orgasming! Karissa announced. Look at that Hispanic slut erupt. She came all the way from Argentina to be here. So close.

Kristina's face scrunched up. She trembled. That unmistakable look of a woman on the verge of orgasm. This was it. She would be gone. Eliminated. She didn't deserve to win this competition. My hips fucked forward so hard into Anemone's pussy.

Cum in me! the redhead moaned over and over again. Please, please, Becky! Cum in me!

And it looks like the last girl is cumming! announced Karissa.

But it wasn't Kristina.

Sybil is cumming hard. Hear those screams?

The curvy brunette had a huge smile on her face as the rapture washed through her. She heaved and bucked, the tenth girl to orgasm on the vibrators. She spasmed so hard, her pregnant belly heaving as she clutched it.

That means the rest of you are free to cum! Karissa purred. Enjoy! You've earned it.

Fuck! I snarled as Kristina surrendered to her orgasm with the nine other pregnant beauties. 

My futa-dick rammed to the hilt inside of Anemone's pussy. My snatch clenched. My ovaries grew so tight. I didn't fight it. My cum exploded out of me. A titanic wall of ecstasy hurtled through my body and slammed into my mind.

Stars burst across my vision as the pregnant cunt milked my dick dry. I whimpered, jolt after jolt of ecstasy shooting into my thoughts. Euphoria electrified my mind, bliss buzzing through my brain. My pussy spasmed, adding ripples of delight to the powerful pleasure supplied by my erupting girl-cock.

I groaned, leaning over Anemone, left dizzy by the powerful explosion. The pregnant redhead whimpered in delight, her snatch wringing out every drop of my cum. I stared at the cumming contestants, Kristina and the nine others.

The talent competition was up next. They would have to wow us judges. Only three girls would get to make it to the finals. I hoped it wasn't Kristina. But I only had one vote. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

April 17th, 2047

Hearing you talk about it made me wish I was bread at the right time of year to have been a contestant, Adelia moaned.

I can tell that, I said, my futa-dick hard and aching. You're rubbing your thighs so tight together.

A ripple of gigglish laughter came from the studio audience.

I may have to ravish you during another commercial break, the host said, her caramel-hued face twisting with pleasure. Mmm, but I could ride your dick for a year straight and cum the entire time.

I think a lot of women, my wife included, would be angry at you if you monopolized my dick.

Adelia laughed, nodding her head. But it would be worth it. She shivered and smoothed her skirt. Now, what I am curious about is the talent portion of the competition. That first pageant, the girls couldn't have been practicing sexual techniques to perform for years like they do for the modern competition.

No, no, it was a lot of singing, I said. But a few of the girls made it memorable.

Adelia leaned forward. Well, don't keep us waiting. I think we all want to know how Kristina did in the talent competition.

To be continued...