This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, 
copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by 
commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial 
publication, including websites, without the express permission of 
the author, will be followed up with legal action.  This fictional 
story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be 
viewed by those under the legal age.

---

Wormhole of Love (m-solo, sci-fi, impreg)

by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Dear Diary,

Bobby Lumley, age 13
August 11

I think I had my first organism! I was in front of my TV in my room 
(while I was supposed to be sleeping), watching the late night R-
rated flick on the movie channel.  I had my dick out and was rubbing 
it while on the screen the actors were pretending to have sex in the 
back seat of a car.  As it finished my thingy felt REALLY good, then 
it felt like I had to pee, then it was over.

---

Bobby Lumley, age 16
March 23

I overheard some guys talking in the locker room at school about the 
mess when a guy cums.  What mess?  Nothing comes out when I cum.  
Why am I different?

-
March 24

I couldn't ask my foster parents about this, so I went to the doctor 
and asked him, but he didn't believe me, and I wasn't about to pull 
it out and show him.

---

Bob Lumley, age 17
July 8

I went all the way with Peggy McMillan! I had to use a condom 
because she didn't want to get pregnant.  She definitely didn't 
believe me when I told her there was no need.  When I was done I 
showed her the empty condom but she still didn't believe me! She 
said I must have faked it (guys do that?).  I told her that I 
didn't, then she got upset and yelled that I must have taken the 
condom off partway through.  I don't think we'll see each other 
again.

---

Bob Lumley, age 20
May 28

I was at a travelling carnival today when a beautiful woman called 
me into a tent I swear wasn't there a moment earlier.  She wore a 
colorful silk dress that barely concealed her curves and a veil that 
hid her face, but her smoky eyes seemed to take all of me in; I 
could hide nothing from her.

She told me that I was special.  I had a gift: the ability to give 
women what they want.  In particular, fertile women who wanted to 
become pregnant.  My sperm, she told me with a level gaze, shot into 
the ethereal plane, and from there into the nearest fertile woman 
who wanted to get pregnant.

Then she dropped the bombshell:  I had fathered hundreds of children 
across the world.  Every time I whacked off a woman somewhere would 
get knocked up.  There was no shortage of women in the world who 
wanted a baby.

My mind reeled.  The incense in the tent was too much and I stumbled 
out.  As I left I looked back.  "Think of me tonight," she urged, 
her hand caressing her midsection to illustrate the point.  I ran.

-
May 29

I tried to stop...I really did.  I woke up last night after what 
other people call a wet dream, knowing in my heart that the 
mysterious woman got what she wanted.

---

Bob Lumley, age 21
September 15

Switching my major to Physics was a good idea.  Maybe I can figure 
out what makes me so special.  I met Jenny in class, and she seems 
nice.

-
October 1

Jenny was intrigued by my story, and my God is she a good cock 
sucker.  Once she was done she had no doubt I was telling her the 
truth.

-
October 14

We have a theory that there is a minute wormhole in my reproductive 
tract.  We don't know where the other end of the wormhole goes but 
my mind keeps returning to the mysterious woman and her story.

---

Robert Lumley, age 22
October 3

I've been going out with Jenny for about a year now.  We don't use 
condoms because there's never any sperm.  I'm glad, because I hate 
condoms.  We're no closer to figuring out where my semen goes, but 
she tells me she's had a revelation, and "things are going to be 
normal tonight", whatever that means.

-
October 4

O-hhhhh! ;-)

---

Robert Lumley, age 23
November 13


Yep, the fortune teller was right! I proposed to my girlfriend, now 
the mother-to-be of my child (the 521st?  It's not like I'm 
counting).

---

Robert Lumley, age 24
August 1

Sean Patrick Lumley was born today at 5:35pm, 8 lbs 10 oz.  I'm a 
dad!

-
August 4

I changed my baby boy's first wet diaper today.  I didn't know that 
pee is also supposed to come out of my penis.  He doesn't have a 
wormhole, thank God!

-
August 5

The fortune teller visited me in my dreams.  Golden showers?  There 
must be a lot of crazy women out there...

-
August 6

I changed my first poopy diaper today.  Don't even get me started...


---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans?  E-mail Krosis of the Collective 
(krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)