                     Oh, Sister! - Chapter 1

Becky mused to herself as she unpacked her suitcase.  At her 
first year of college, she was home for Christmas vacation and 
still a virgin.  Anne, her cousin, had predicted this before she 
left for school.  A bit wilder than Becky, and two years older, 
Anne had lost -her- cherry at fourteen when the both of them were 
away at camp.  One of the horse wranglers had nailed her in the
hayloft of the barn.  But Becky still had hers at fourteen and, 
indeed, ever since.

"You'll still have it when ya get back for Christmas!" her 
cousin had mocked her.  "You won't be a real woman 'till someone 
figures out a way to slip his prick in ya without ya realizing it.  
You're too picky 'r chicken 'r both to give it away."

Anne had only been teasing, not saying it with malicious 
intent, "But," Becky thought to herself as she hung up her clothes 
in the closet of her room, "maybe she was right.  Some guy -will- 
have to catch me unawares to screw me."
It had been close, though.  
Ever so close.  When she had started school in September, Bill, a 
sophomore football player, and she had hit it off right away.  
They had been dating steadily, almost exclusively, since then and 
Bill had become a star performer in Becky's mind as she imagined 
themselves as lovers.  Bill had a fine physique, of course, and 
Becky had not been shy about noticing the attractive bulge in his 
pants when he was on the field or in her arms.
Still, there was 
a certain roughness about him and she was pretty sure that his 
fucking style would be more vigorous than gentle.  This was 
exciting to contemplate, but for her first time Becky wanted more 
tenderness than Bill seemed capable of delivering.  Bill seemed 
unaware of the intact status of her
maidenhead, if only because the subject had never come up.  Their 
necking sessions had become more and more heated, and he must be 
assuming that she had been down that path before.

In fact last night, the night before she got on the plane for 
home, she had been just about initiated into womanhood, ready or 
not.  The room faded away as Becky dreamily thought back on the 
happenings of just twentyfour hours ago.
After a quick dinner 
of pizza and beer, Bill had driven them back onto the campus and 
parked behind the field house.  It was dark there, almost pitch 
black, and Becky could see only a vague outline of Bill as they 
sat and talked of how they would miss each other over the 
holidays.  Gradually, the talk petered out and Bill slid a bit 
closer to Becky and put his right arm around
her waist.  All talk ceased then as he held her close and they 
kissed.

It was a long kiss.  Long enough that they both had to come 
up for air for a moment before going back for more.  This time, 
Becky parted her lips and Bill's tongue slipped in to roam around 
at will.  His left hand wandered, too, as it caressed her shoulder 
then slipped down and around her left tit twice before it wound up 
cupping it.  This was all very familiar to Becky and she welcomed 
his touch as she felt her nipple harden under the pressure, but 
when they came up for air a second time he shifted from her boob 
to the center of her blouse and deftly undid two buttons.  Before 
she could move or say anything, Bill slipped his hand under and 
cupped her tit again, with just the flimsy excuse of a bra she had 
worn between him and her.

"Bill, I--" she started to say but he interrupted her.

"I want you bad, Becky," he said as he massaged her breast.  
English was not his strong suit.  "I can't stand the thought of 
leaving you this long and I want you."

Becky didn't move as he took his arm from around her and 
undid the rest of the buttons on her blouse.  He spread it open 
and exposed both her tits to his caresses.  Both her nipples were 
erect by now and tingled as his fingers bumped over them through 
the sheer nylon of her bra.  Her face felt hot as she became 
aroused, and between her legs, something woke up and started to 
throb.

Bill stopped milking her resilient globes and fumbled for a 
moment between her breasts, but once he confirmed that the closure 
to her brassiere was at the front, he made short work of popping 
the snap and letting her boobs bounce out of the cups, into the 
open.  The air felt cool on her naked tits and she leaned back 
against the door of the car, though whether to get away from Bill 
or relax into the inevitable, Becky wasn't sure.

Bill was massaging the soft, warm flesh of her breasts with 
both hands by now and a tingle went from her nips down her spine 
each time they were touched.  Bill leaned forward and nuzzled her 
right tit.  Becky could feel his warm breath on her girlflesh as 
he looked for her nipple.  It popped suddenly into his mouth and 
he began rhythmically sucking on it.  She could feel it stretching 
further and further into his mouth, and when she thought she 
couldn't stand the pleasure any longer, he began flicking the 
distended end of the pink nubbin with his tongue.  He continued to 
caress the other breast.

"God, that feels good," she gasped.  Between her legs she 
could feel her honeypot start to lubricate.

 Without breaking the rhythm of his suckling, Bill's other 
hand strayed from Becky's left tit down her side and onto her 
thigh.  Down her thigh it went, until it reached the hem of her 
skirt.  Then it started back up--under the skirt.  Becky could 
feel his warm hand as it crept further and further up the outside 
of her nylon sheathed leg.  When he reached the swell of her hip, 
Bill started ever so slowly to the right, just on the edge of her 
love mound, hidden under the pantyhose and panties she was 
wearing.

When he reached the middle, Bill started his hand south.  
Becky was panting from his ministrations of her boob by this time, 
but she clamped legs together as he touched the top of her labial 
grove through the taut layers of nylon.

"Noooo..." she managed to say, but Bill just let go of her 
pulsing nip.

"Yes," he said quietly, and drew her other bud into his 
mouth.  One finger, the deepest one right above Becky's love 
button, began pulsing in time with his suckling.  Each pulse was 
as soft as could be, but to Becky's engorged clit they felt like 
hammer blows.  Almost against her will, her legs relaxed under the 
assault, and Bill's hand slipped between her legs.  He cupped her 
sex and began rubbing up and down the sopping heat of her pussy.

"Oh, Bill.  What you're doing to me," sighed Becky.

Bill disengaged.  "You're doing the same thing to me." he 
said.  It was too dark to see, but Becky heard the clank of his 
belt buckle, the pop of the snap, and the soft schnurr of the 
zipper as he undid his pants.  The car shook a bit as he heaved up 
to slide his trousers down to his knees.  Becky could just make 
out in the darkness the white of his briefs.  "Feel what you've 
done.  I want you so bad," he said.  Bill took her hand and led it 
to that patch of white.

Becky felt the soft roundness of Bill's ball bag and she 
started up the shaft of his prick, hidden in his briefs.  She had 
never been this close to feeling an erect cock before, and her 
first impression was of the warmth she felt through the cotton.  
The second was of the hardness, and the third, as she moved her 
hand up the length of his tool, was of the size.  The last penis
she had seen was when she was five.  It was at the beach and 
belonged to her brother, Vic, who was seven and lost his trunks to 
a wave.  This specimen seemed rather bigger she thought as the 
size of it sunk into her mind.

"Oh, God!" gasped Bill when she felt the flange of the head 
on his prick and Becky pulled back in surprise.

"Did I hurt you?" she asked.

"No!  It felt great!" Bill exclaimed.  "Here, touch me 
again," he said.  The car shook again as he slipped his briefs 
down.

The white of his thighs was dimmer than the cotton was, and 
Becky could just barely make out the darker spot of his manhood.  
"Hold my cock," Bill asked again.

Becky's hand crept forward again almost against her will, 
drawn like a magnet toward that dark patch.  Her fingers brushed 
Bill's turgid snake as she located it in the dark.  Once it was in 
her grasp she gave it a squeeze.  Becky had just enough time to 
marvel at the rigid warmth of Bill's penis when the interior of 
the car exploded into  light.  Someone was shining a big 
flashlight into the car!

Becky shrieked and covered her breasts as she lunged back to 
her side of the car.  She caught just a glimpse of Bill's rapidly 
deflating cock with its flaring, purple head as he tried to 
simultaneously stuff it back into his pants, start the car, and 
put it into gear.  She held her blouse together and as the car 
roared away they heard a voice they only later recognized later as 
belonging to the night watchman.  Clarence the Campus Cop the kids 
called him.

"What's the matter with you!" he bellowed after the car.  
"Don't you watch any slasher movies?  Go find someplace safer for 
your grope sessions!"  This last was barely heard as Bill rounded 
the corner rapidly.

Bill sped down the street a couple of blocks and over a block 
to another quiet part of the campus.  He and Becky glanced at each 
other as everything was tucked away, snapped and buttoned.  Becky 
did the last button on her blouse, then started to giggle.  Bill 
joined in a moment later and the two of them spent the next couple 
of minutes howling with laughter, Bill hanging onto the steering 
wheel and Becky pounding the dash weakly.

"What a start," she finally managed to gasp.  "I almost peed 
in my pants."

"I never lost a hardon quicker," Bill sputtered.  "Poor thing 
won't get up again for a week!"  This started fresh gales of 
laughter.

The mood was broken and Bill drove back to Becky's dorm.  He 
escorted her back inside.  "Ten o'clock tomorrow for the airport, 
Becky?" he asked as they embraced.

"Sure, Bill," she replied.  "And don't worry.  I enjoyed this 
evening--most of this evening."  She gave his ass a squeeze as 
they kissed.

The remembrance over, Becky was brought back to her room.  
She was sitting on the bed, her cunt throbbing much like it had 
that night.  She -had- enjoyed that evening, she thought.  Why, 
then was she so reluctant for Bill to take her?  It wasn't the 
thought of Bill making love to her that put her off, she decided, 
it was the thought that he would be the first.  What to do then?  
Find someone in the street to give her cherry to?  That didn't 
seem like much of a solution.  Becky's thoughts whirled as she lay 
back on the bed.  What to do?  What to do?

Finished with her unpacking, Becky started undressing to get 
ready for bed.  Her thoughts still whirled through her head, 
though, and she didn't feel the least bit sleepy.  "Maybe a glass 
of milk will help," she thought and threw on a robe to go 
downstairs to the kitchen.  No light showed under her parents' 
bedroom, but Vic's room still threw a yellow fan out onto the 
floor as she padded by.  Her brother was also home, having driven 
in that afternoon from his own school.

Becky knew the way to the kitchen well enough in the dark so 
she didn't bother turning on the lights.  Fetching a glass, she 
filled it by the refrigerator and leaned against the counter to 
sip it.  As she was draining the last of the milk from the glass, 
Becky heard footsteps upstairs, then the water running.  "Vic's 
taking a shower," she thought to herself as she came back up the 
stairs.

Vic had closed the door to his bedroom for some reason as he 
left it but the hallway upstairs was brighter than a minute ago 
due to the light in the bathroom.  The door had never latched well 
and would pop ajar sometimes if careful attention wasn't paid when 
it was shut.  This had happened this time, and the yellow light 
streamed out the inch-wide gap between the door and the frame.

Becky glanced at the gap and caught a glimpse of pink in the 
daffodil-yellow of the bathroom.  She took a couple more steps 
towards her room then stopped.  She had never peeked at her 
brother before--it had never occurred to her to do so.  But her 
thoughts had been filled with the shapes and physiques of men all 
evening so Becky had an urge to see her brother naked.  She felt 
her cheeks flush as she was drawn toward the luminous crack in the 
door.  "I'll get caught and die of embarrassment," she thought, 
but she slowly put her eye to the crack.

Vic's back was to the door and he was bent at the waist as he 
fussed with the taps of the tub(c)shower to get the temperature 
right.  He was, indeed, naked--he must have hung his bathrobe on 
the back of the door already--and Becky admired his ass.  She 
caught an occasional shadowy glimpse between his legs of what Vic 
carried in front as it swung momentarily into view.  Finally 
satisfied with the temperature adjustment, Vic pulled the spigot 
that directed the water stream out the showerhead and straightened 
up.

Becky watched the muscles of his ass flex as Vic gracefully 
stepped into the tub and pulled the glass door shut behind him.  
The glass was clear rather than the usual translucent kind so only 
the water rivulets streaming down impeded Becky's view, but Vic 
stood for a while facing the shower.  Even though the tub was 
broadside to the bathroom door, Vic stood with his back slightly 
toward Becky as he warmed himself in the spray, and she could not 
see the penis and testicles she knew nestled between his thighs.

He still stood there swaying slightly back and forth in the 
water stream and Becky began to get a little impatient.  "It's 
almost as though he knows I'm here and is standing there, teasing 
me," went through her mind.  Then abruptly he picked up the soap 
from its dish and held it in the stream a moment to get it wet.  
So quickly he almost caught Becky by surprise, Vic then turned 
away from the showerhead and worked up a lather in his hands.  
Becky felt a little dizzy as she gazed for the first time upon her 
brother's manhood.

Vic put the soap back in its dish and started lathering his 
armpits, then down his arms, but Becky's eyes were riveted on what 
hung down from his crotch.  Vic's cock gleamed wetly and swung 
back and forth as he renewed the lather and started working it 
into the upper part of his chest.  The color of his knob was a 
deep pink, almost ruby, while the shaft was a pinkish brown.  
Behind it his balls hung in their sack, darker in hue and even 
longer than his penis was at the moment.  His bush was curly and 
dense, the dark brown, contrasting with the blondness of his head.

"Not surprising, considering I'm the same way," Becky mused.  
She felt a tingle between her own thighs.  Vic's pubic hair ended 
abruptly about four inches from his navel.  There was no hair 
apparent on his chest.

Rivulets of soapy water ran down Vic's chest and belly, then 
cascaded down his thighs and off the end of his dangling cock.  As 
his hands came closer and closer down his belly the cascading 
lather grew denser and whiter until, to Becky's imagination, it 
seemed a constant flow of ejaculate.  Vic turned back into the 
flowing water to rinse the suds from his torso front while he 
renewed the lather in his hands with the soap bar.  Becky noticed 
how his ass cheeks quivered as he shifted his weight about.

Turning back to the breathless girl, Vic started washing his 
genitals.  Distributing the lather quickly from pubis to scrotum, 
he worked it in with both hands.  Holding the glans of his penis 
with one hand, he stretched out his rod and scrubbed it with his 
other hand, sliding it up and down the length of the wet member.  
Then grasping the length of his penis firmly, leaving just the
reddening nut exposed, he worked over the sensitive tissue there, 
paying particular attention to the rim of his corona.  Abandoning 
his cock, Vic then turned his attention to his ball bag.  He used 
both hands at once to scrub the well filled sack and his penis 
flopped wildly as its mooring was molested.
Vic turned back to 
the shower to rinse the area of suds.  Squatting slightly and 
parting his legs he moved his sex organ this way and that, making 
sure the water reached well between his legs to the root of his 
manhood.  Even with so perfunctory a handling, Becky noticed, his 
reddened cock had erected slightly, growing half again in length 
and stiffening slightly, but it diminished again as Vic turned his 
attention to his legs and Becky had to content herself with the 
teasing view of his balls dangling intermittently into view 
between his ass cheeks when he put one foot up on the tub rim and 
bent over to wash it.

Becky's mind was still on what she had just seen, though.  
She imagined it growing and stiffening until it stood proudly 
erect.  Her pussy tingled as she imagined how her brother's cock 
would sway as he advanced toward her.  Her hand crept inside her 
robe and she imagined the touch of her fingers was the probing of 
the blunt red knob as it probed around her virginal slit.

With an abrupt movement, Vic turned off the water and, 
sliding the door open a bit, leaned out to grab the towel off its 
bar.  Becky took one last look at his dangling penis as he toweled 
off his face, then she crept off before she made a noise or 
otherwise brought her brother's attention to her presence.

Back on her bed, Becky's thought swirled around what she had 
just seen and imagined.  She suddenly stood up and threw off her 
robe.  Lying back on the bed she closed her eyes and imagined Vic 
standing before her just as naked as she had seen him in the 
shower.  He walked toward her and gently palmed her breast.  Becky 
palmed her own tit in his absence, tweaking her nipple to 
erectness.

In her imagination, Vic then reached down between her thighs 
and lightly brushed the lips of her pussy and the folds hiding her 
clit.  Becky opened her legs and caressed herself, one hand on a 
pert breast and the other between her legs, stoking the fires of 
her desire.  She felt her vulva dampen in anticipation.

By now, Vic was fully erect, and his penis was aimed directly 
at her heart as he rolled onto the bed between her legs.  He knelt 
over her a moment then lowered himself down.  Becky grabbed a 
pillow and hugged it to simulate his body as he mounted her.  She 
could almost feel his cock as it probed around her honey pot, 
seeking the winking entrance of the virginal slit.

She imagined him entering her and simulated that with two 
fingers plunging deep into her love cavern as he started stroking.  
Her breath came in gasps and she bucked her hips upward to meet 
her hand.  Finally, Becky climaxed, crying into the pillow as she 
bucked uncontrollably in the embrace of her brother, clutching 
instead the poor substitute of the pillow.  In her mind, she could 
almost feel Vic's cock pulsate inside her as his seed streamed 
into her body.

Exhausted, she relaxed in her bed and fell asleep that way, 
still holding onto the pillow, pretending it was her lover.
