School's Nearly Over
by starbelliedboy

One warm evening in the late spring before our final exams, the first we'd be taking since turning eighteen, when I was round at my half-Japanese girlfriend Lucy's after school, she was about to pull my trousers down to give me a blowjob when her mum walked in. Lucy managed to pretend to be doing something else, so we weren't caught, but we decided that it was too risky to fuck whilst her parent were home, so we decided to go for a walk. The sun had gone down, but there was still some light, though it was fading fast.

Still in school uniform, although it was now untucked and untidy, we walked hand in hand along paths and roads, slowly wandering around her village. As it got darker, we drew closer together, her hand around my waist, and mine slipping up under her white shirt to stroke the warm soft flesh of her waist. Her head snuggled on to my shoulder, and soon we stopped walking and just kissed passionately where we were, Lucy pushing my back up against a tree, her warm little hands exploring my skin as frantically as mine explored hers.

Kissing her silky hair on top of her head, I could feel her fingers undoing my flies and freeing my semi-erect cock. A light breeze started, and she knelt down in front of me, warming my dick in her hands, and then her mouth. Just watching her take me in her mouth whilst looking up at me with her beautiful big brown oriental eyes would probably normally have made me cum straight away, let alone the fantastic feeling of her hot wet tongue swirling over my head, but a combination of the fear that we might get caught and the cool breeze helped me regain my senses and force the orgasm down. In so doing, I noticed where we were.

"Lucy!" I said. "We're in a graveyard!"

She paused, and looked around. "Oh yeah. Cool. Can we have sex here then? I've always wanted to be fucked over a grave."

"Really? You're full of surprises darling, you know that. I love your little perversions."

"Good," and she resumed sucking me off while I played with her hair. When I could feel the pressure building up again a few minutes later, I had to push her right away so that I didn't come too early in the evening. Picking up her light body I walked along with my dick still hanging out and my trousers almost falling down, until I found an old grave made like a big stone box covered in ivy, and lay Lucy on it. 

I leant on my elbows between her legs which I spread a bit wider, and lifted her dark green skirt. A small wet patch had developed on her knickers over her vagina, and sucking on it I could taste her vaginal juices through the fabric. I pulled them down to her knees and kissed teasingly along the edge of her pubic hair that she had recently forced back by waxing. The risk of being caught in the graveyard was making her impatient though, and fingers grabbed my hair and pulled my face deep into her black hairs, and I slipped my tongue into the familiar taste of her hot pussy.

While I licked and sucked at her juices, she unbuttoned her shirt so that when I was pulled back up it was to have my lips pressed to her nipples, her bra as often happened having been "forgotten" in the rush of getting dressed in the morning - easy to do when you have breasts as small as hers I guess. Because her knickers were still around her knees she'd had to bring them up with me, so now they were either side of my chest. One hand still holding my head to her breasts, I felt the other pulling at my cock, urging it to get hard again.

She allowed me to raise my head a bit to see her in the twilight, and began rubbing the head of my dick in the slick slit amongst her hairs, which she was keeping out of the way with her free hand. Not trying to resist, I let her pull me inside her, and began to thrust. Her hands moved to hold my buttocks and I pushed myself up further, using one of mine to caress her breasts now I couldn't kiss them.

Despite having been going out with her for months now, I was still amazed at the way she threw herself into this public sex. With no concern for the risk of someone hearing she moaned and called out to me to fuck her harder. I obeyed, grinding into her, until finally I came.

I was still ejaculating inside her when I noticed light coming from a side door of the church. Next I saw the shape of a man, preceded by the light from a torch, heading straight towards us. Panicking, we scrambled to our feet and just managed to get our pants back up before the light of the torch swept over us and there was a yell. I grabbed Lucy's hand and ran, stumbling in the dark over gravestones, her shirt still wide open and flapping in the wind of our flight.

Luckily our pursuer was not very fast or determined, and once we were over the wall and pounding down the track he seemed to give up. We rounded a corner and stopped to kiss against a wall, catch our breath and tidy up our clothes before heading back.

***

