Like any healthy teenage girl, Tina thought about sex, often. Unlike most healthy teenage girls, however, Tina had a gorgeous slave and thought about sex almost constantly. She had thought about anal sex before Mike, however, and the idea of a girl topping a guy in that way simply made her squirm in her seat. It was a nice role reversal, sexy as hell, and Blaine told her that she should try it, the moment she told him about Mike.

Blaine was a very quiet, charming gay teenager who lived upstate. He and Tina had met through their parents’ business association ages ago. Blaine owned a boy, the equally charming and beautiful Kurt and one would be surprised by the dirty things Blaine did to him. Yeah, sometimes that dapper Prince Charming thing was a total act to hide the sex-beast beneath.

“You’ll want to buy some extra help, where you lack anatomically,” Blaine had told her over the phone, the night after she had Mike as her own. “You’ll make him melt if you do it right. Trust me, it’s worth it.”

So of course, one of the first things she picked up when she visited the shop was a black leather strap-on harness and an average sized black dildo. She had been thinking about it, a lot, since then. Mike was so good to her and she wanted to make him melt like Blaine said. She had done her research. Anal stimulation did a lot for a boy, if done right.

She tried out the strap-on, under her skirt. It looked ridiculous, a fake black penis hanging from between her legs, but it was definitely true what they said about the penis being a symbol of power. She felt it. She was totally turned on and all she could think about was, well, fucking Mike into the mattress.

“Mike!” she yelled.

Mike was quick to come to her side. He wasn’t wearing a shirt, which made her hornier and more intent on making him scream her name. “What is it, Miss?” he asked. She still hadn’t broken him of that particular habit yet, but it made her smile sometimes.

“Check out under my skirt,” Tina said low, her voice getting a sudden seductive edge. “Tell me what you think.”

Mike lifted her skirt. She could not see the look in his eyes when he saw the fake-erection in his face, but she imagined it and it made her giggle. “Do you like Mike?” she asked.

He swallowed and nodded up at her. His cheeks were tinted a soft red. It was the cutest thing. “My friend suggested something to me,” she said, sitting down at the end of her bed. “Up for trying it?”

Mike nodded, still staring. Tina slipped off the skirt, leaving her standing there with it just sticking out in front of her. It almost had her bust up giggling but she was trying to keep her cool. She snatched up the bottle of lube and a condom from her fun drawer and Mike instantly crawled back up onto the bed in front of her. “Nervous?” she asked.

He nodded.

Tina pulled down his pants, trailing her fingers over the muscles of his inner thighs. There wasn’t a part of the boy that wasn’t perfectly toned. It turned her on so much. She just grinned. “I did my research, through Blaine and the internet,” she assured, pressing a kiss to his lips. She almost bust up giggling again when it slipped against his stomach. She put a condom on the toy, knowing it was safer that way.

“I will never be impatient when you put on a condom again,” she said as she struggled, smirking.

She sat back on her heels, opening up the lubricant and spreading some of the sticky substance onto her fingers. She rubbed it between her fingers, experimentally. She then spread his legs further and tentatively probed the tip of her wet finger inside of him. He shifted and made a small face, grunting. “Talk to me Mike,” she said, carefully slipping a little more past the tight muscle there. “I want to hear everything.”

He groaned, opening his mouth but closing it again moments later. “It kinda…kinda hurts,” he mumbled. “But not like, really painful. Just…weird.”

That was what she wanted to hear. “Keep talking Mike,” she said, making sure that she used a lot of lubricant. Blaine had told her the horror story of his first time having sex with Kurt. She was not going to let that happen here. She moved the finger in and out, curving it just slightly, getting a feel for him.

He grunted and moaned some. “Doesn’t hurt anymore…um,” he mumbled, just trying to obey the orders and keep talking. She laughed because he was speechless. “Oh, yeah…that feels good.” She added another and increased the pressure, the friction, watching Mike’s face. “Ah, geez, wow…”

Tina bit her lower lip. It wasn’t the sexiest talk ever but it was so perfect.

She moved a little and his eyes went very wide. His mouth opened and he absolutely shuddered. “Mike?”

“Oh…there.”

She kissed him. “Do you think you’re ready Mike?”

He nodded.

She eased him up towards her. “Up, hands and knees,” she instructed.

Mike very carefully got up and onto his knees. He bent down and held himself up. Mike was always so cool and composed, flexible and coordinated, but he seemed a little bit shaky. Tina pressed the tip of the condom covered plastic up against his entrance, giggling nervously when she felt a shudder pass through his entire body.

She very quickly added more lubricant to the dildo, nervously thinking of Blaine's horrible first time.

She then pressed the tip back against him; she eased it in, just a little, and listened to a gasp leave Mike's lips.

She took it slow, afraid of hurting him. He whimpered a little bit but she was sure it was more out of nerves than pain. After a slow, gentle pace, she was inside of him and she once again felt that surge of pleasure and power as the harness rubbed against her just right. Oh God.

"Holding up okay?" she whispered, feeling the shake in his legs. She didn't blame him. She was quite shaky herself.

"Mhm."

She slowly started thrusting in and out of him. She moaned at the sudden friction and the fact that she was fucking her boy- oh god, she was fucking her boy.

Mike made small sounds, breathy gasps and pushed himself back against her. Every now and then she knew that she got him, because he made a desperate, near wailing sound. She groaned, getting so close to the edge.

“Tina, please,” Mike moaned and Tina grinned. She loved her name being used in that way.

Tina reached down, stilling for a second and gripping him. She wrapped an arm around him and stroked him slowly. He moaned. Once she found her footing, Tina slowly thrust deep, stroking in time with it. She angled it up, and Mike yelled out, coming in spurts all over her hand.

Tina backed off and undid the device attached to her, gently removing it. She reached down and touched herself. She rolled several small circles around her clit and groaned loudly when she came.

“Damn it Mike,” she said shuddering.