Gymnastics Meet Mishap
by countrymouse

As the group finished their meal and ordered drinks, Gabi leaned in toward Allegra with a mischievous twinkle in her eye. "OMG, Lakyn! Tell her about Riley's leotard!"

"Don't you dare, Gabby Gabi!” Riley's face drained of color, her voice shook slightly, and she fidgeted with the hem of her shirt, visibly uncomfortable with the attention. She warned Gabi, “I will haunt you from the grave!"

Allegra turned to Riley with a huge smile, intrigued by what Gabi had just said. "No way! Do you have a ‘naked girl in public story’ too?" she asked.

Riley begged, "Oh, come on guys, can we please talk about something else?" She shifted in her seat, looking around the room nervously, hoping to change the subject. But Gabi wasn't ready to let it go.

"Okay, okay, it’s my story, so I will tell it," Riley knew that the story was going to be told one way or another, so she might as well be the one to tell it.

Riley took a deep breath, she began, her voice shaky with nervous energy. "It was actually my last competition…"

"And seriously, Riley was bangin' back then," Gabi said with a big grin. "When she took off her sweats, her legs were like BAM! And her calves were just... wow." Gabi made a small circle with her thumbs and fingers to emphasize her point. "And her waist was like this..." she continued, using her hands to gesture a small waistline. Riley rolled her eyes but couldn't help but smile at Gabi's exaggerated gesture.

"They were definitely one of the reasons I recruited her for cheerleading," Lakyn chimed in, nodding her head in agreement. "I mean, when we saw her perform at that competition, we knew we had to have her on our team. And when she took off those sweats, we were all just like, damn."

"I didn't even realize they looked that good," Riley admitted, feeling a little self-conscious.

"Please, Riley, you were a total babe.” Gabi rolled her eyes. “You made the rest of us look like schlubs."

"Oh, trust me, they did," Lakyn said with a grin. "I remember thinking that I needed to step up my leg game because Riley was just killing it."

"We were doing well, feeling pretty confident at that point,” Riley went on, “but then just as I started my balance beam routine, I noticed a small rip in my leotard. I thought it was no big deal and that I could just deal with it after my routine, but boy was I wrong. "

“Oh no!” Allegra laughed. “Why didn’t you stop?”

“I was in a team competition, you can’t stop! They would have zeroed me and the whole team would have lost.” Riley explained, still cringing at the memory.

Gabi tilted her head, “Wow, really?”

“They would dock points even if her bra was showing.” Lykan offered.

“I don’t wear anything under my leo, I never did, it’s uncomfortable.” Riley nodded in agreement. “It started as a small tear, barely noticeable, but as I performed my routine, it seemed to expand and grow with each split, flip, and cartwheel."

Allegra’s eyes widened as she listened intently, fascinated by the details of the incident. "Oh my gosh, Riley, that must have been so nerve-wracking!" she exclaimed.

"It was the longest routine of my life," she admitted, her hands still covering her chest protectively. “Every time I moved, I could feel the fabric pulling and tugging against my skin, threatening to expose me to the world. I tried to ignore it, to focus on my routine and block out the distractions, but it was impossible. The sensation was too strong, too overwhelming.

Gabi giggled, “She did the whole thing with her little boobs hanging out.”

Riley self-consciously put her hands over her chest. "I could feel the fabric slipping down my legs," she continued her voice barely above a whisper. "I was praying that it wouldn't come off completely, but at the same time, I couldn't wait to get off that beam."

Gabi let out a loud laugh, unable to contain herself any longer. "It was the ultimate unintentional striptease," she quipped, causing everyone to laugh.

Riley rolled her eyes, trying to hide her smile. "It wasn't funny at the time, you guys," she said, her tone slightly defensive.

Allegra gasped, “Oh my gosh! How embarrassing!”

Riley heaved a deep sigh, shaking her head in disbelief as she recounted the incident. "As I approached the final jump before my dismount, I knew my leotard was barely holding on,” she said, her voice trailing off, “but I had to push through and complete the routine. It was like a ticking time bomb, waiting to go off."

“What did you do?” Allegra asked, enthralled by the story.

Gabi and Lakyn exchanged knowing looks, their amusement evident. "And the best part was when you finally landed your dismount, and your leotard fluttered away," Lakyn said, unable to hold back her laughter.

Allegra asked, “So, you were completely naked in front of everyone?"

“Ta-da!” Gabi was on her feet and jumped into Riley’s dismount pose, one leg out and arms up. “Naked girl!”

The group burst into uncontrollable laughter. Even Riley couldn't help but crack a smile at the absurdity of it all. Lakyn joined in the fun, mimicking Riley's movements as she recounted the routine. "And then she did this little spin, and the crowd went wild!" Lakyn exclaimed, twirling around the room.

Allegra was doubled over with laughter, gasping for air as she tried to compose herself. "Oh my god, you guys are killing me!" she managed to say between giggles.

Gabi, still in character as "naked girl", hammed it up for the group. "I mean, I don't blame the judges for giving her a perfect 10. She was definitely the most memorable gymnast of the competition," she said, winking at Riley.

Allegra's eyes widened, "Really? That's crazy!"

Lakyn nodded, "Yes! And let me tell you, it was quite a sight to see. Riley was all red-faced, but the team was so proud of her. They were shouting her name and cheering like crazy. It was like something out of a movie."

"The whole arena went nuts," Gabi added, still laughing. "I mean, people were on their feet and screaming like it was the Super Bowl or something."

"Then," Lakyn picked up, "her team rushed to congratulate her. They were so excited that they lifted Riley up on their shoulders and paraded her around the arena. And then, they poured the keg of water over her head in celebration."

Riley couldn't help but smile at the memory. "It was actually kind of fun, in a weird way. I mean, I was so embarrassed, but seeing how happy my teammates were made it all worth it."

Gabi couldn't contain herself any longer. "I have pictures!" she exclaimed, pulling out her phone.

"Can I see?" Allegra asked eagerly, leaning over Gabi's shoulder.

Lakyn joined in the teasing, “Yeah, Riley, you were like the hottest girl on the team! I mean, your abs were like chiseled stone.”

Riley blushed at Lakyn's words, feeling a mix of embarrassment and pride. "Oh, come on, you guys are just being ridiculous," she protested, but couldn't help but feel a little flattered at the same time. "I was just in good shape because of all the training. It wasn't anything special."

"But seriously, Riley," Gabi chimed in, with a sly smile. "You had abs for days. I remember you would always wear those cropped tops to practice and make the rest of us feel bad about ourselves."

Riley laughed at the memory. "I didn't mean to make you feel bad, Gabi. I just wanted to show off all the hard work I put in."

"Well, it definitely paid off," Allegra added with a grin. "You are a total bombshell.”

Riley smiled at the compliment. "Thanks, guys. It's nice to know that my hard work doesn’t go unnoticed."

"Of course not," Gabi said, giving her a playful punch on the arm. "And even if it did, we have the pictures to prove it."

Gabi began scrolling through her pictures. "Guys always want proof when I tell that story," she defended herself, holding up the phone for the group to see.

Riley's eyes widened as she saw the image of herself, completely nude, on the screen. "Gabi! You can't just carry around pictures of me like that!"

"What can I say? You were hot back then." Gabi pouted defensively, she showed off the pictures on her phone, giggling. “See, look at her abs! And her legs! And her...”

Riley snatched the phone out of Gabi’s hand. “Okay, okay, that’s enough. Can we please change the subject now? I'm starting to feel like a piece of meat here."

Allegra snickered. “You know, you could probably sell those pictures online for some serious cash.”

Riley groaned and buried her face in her hands. "I can't believe this is my life."