How Did It Begin?
By onemadvagabond
Chapter 7

What?  Evan, where are you going?  Please dont go, Emily pleaded at my sudden outburst.

Mikes coming over and Im gonna kick his ass.  I said reaching for the door.

NO.  You cant do that Evan, please.  You dont understand, she pleaded jumping off the bed.

Yes, I can do it very easily.  Considering what he did its high time that he got this beating, I said as I opened the door only to prove my suspicion that Patricia was eaves dropping the whole time.  Move Patricia.

Please do not do this, Evan, Patricia said, not moving.

Evan, you dont understand.  If you...you just cant, Emily said as she took my hand in hers as she moved to stand between her mother and me.

I looked between the two of them.  What the fuck was Emily not telling me?  What the hell could have them so distraught that they would beg me not to beat Mikes ass for what he has done?  I asked myself.  It was painfully obvious that it went beyond not wanting me to find out about her cheating.  I found that out on the Saturday before when Jill so happily showed me my girlfriend fucking four guys at the same time.  If it had just been Emily that had betrayed me, I could have let everything go and moved on.  It wasnt though.  It was some kind of payback by my sister, but that wasnt all of it.  What the hell did it have to do with Emilys mom?  I was living some kind of sick, sex-filled twilight zone episode, yet the only sex I had been getting was what I had just taken from Emily.  A hell of a way to lose your virginity, I thought, all but raping your ex-girlfriend.

You better start explaining what the fuck is going on Emily.  You said you would tell me everything so you better start right fucking now, I stated with my brows turned down showing my building anger.

I will, Evan. I swear I will but I cant right now.  I will call you tonight, when I get home.  Please trust me, Evan, she said in a soft but pleading voice.

The doorbell rang.

Trust you?  Thats funny.  How about you start by telling my why you cant just tell me now?  Why the fuck dont you want me to kick the guys ass who started all of this? I said trying not to laugh at the absurdity of the whole situation.

Neither one of them spoke for a moment while I just stared at them, waiting for an answer.  I wasnt sure if they were looking for something to tell me or deciding if they should.

Well, Im waiting.

Patricia spoke up first.  Emily, get cleaned up quickly,  then grab my purse and go outside to the car with Mike.  Tell him I will be out in a moment.  Im using the bathroom or something, she said without looking at her.  Emily, go, now.

OK.  Im really sorry Evan, Emily said as she let go of my hand before turning to walk away.

Yeah, it seems Ive been hearing that a lot lately, I said sarcastically.

Patricia spoke again, having not taken her eyes off of me.  Evan, you have to believe me when I tell you that Emily did not mean for any of this to happen.  None of this is her fault.  We were trying to keep her from telling you, but I know how much you care, well, how much you cared for her at least, or you wouldnt be so angry with all of this. This is all because of something that her father and I did.  Your sister found out and used that to get back at Emily for embarrassing her in front of everyone.  When we get home, I will have Emily call you and you can come over.  She will tell you everything then, OK?  She paused, looking at me as if to see if I were going to go over the deep end again.

Seeing that I was remaining somewhat calm while waiting for her to say more, she continued in that same even tone.  Please do not blame Emily for what my husband and I did.  It was because of that that she got caught up in this whole mess to begin with.  I am not going to tell you what Mike is doing here, or where we are going.  If you feel you need to know that then you can ask Emily to tell you later.  Ill make sure she knows that she can tell you everything.  I know that you will hate us after she does, and you will hate us for it, but please do not take it out on Emily anymore.  You can let yourself out when we leave, she said very calmly.  Patricia turned to walk out but paused a moment, not looking back at me.  I can really see why Emily loves you so much, Evan.  I dont know how I will ever makes things right with her or you for that matter, but if I can somehow keep the two of you together, I think that, maybe, just maybe, she will find a way to forgive her stupid parents, she said before walking down the hallway, leaving me alone in Emilys bedroom.

Moments later I heard the door open and close a second time, leaving me alone in Emilys house for the first time in the fifteen years that we had known one another.  I walked to where I could see out of the window again.  Looking down I saw Emilys mother get behind the wheel.  She had been wearing a short skirt similar to Emilys.  As she started backing the car out of the driveway, I saw Mike sitting in the front passenger seat as he reached over with his left hand, sliding it up Patricias exposed thigh to reach between her legs.

Seeing that, I knew that my girlfriend was being taken somewhere for sex.  Her mother was apparently heading for the same fate and by a teenage boy that is the same age as her daughter.  But after she told me it was her fault, I couldnt have cared less about her.  If Emily was just going to be having sex with Mike then they would not be going anywhere.  I felt that the rest of her day, and her body, would be filled with numerous cocks like I had witnessed on Saturday.  I also knew that it would be with several people after having read her diary.  Beginning with the entry of the first day with Mike and his dad, she had made an entry for every day.  The next day was the only day she had sex with just one guy.  That had been Mr. Bob Fawler.  That was apparently the first day she had gone down on my sister as well.  Both my sister and Bob had spent most of the day with her doing about everything that three people can do with one another sexually.  The rest of her entries described days filled with multiple male and female sex partners.

----------

Sitting down on Emilys bed, I picked up her diary and began to reread everything starting with the first day.  I think maybe it was to see if I had missed something.  I had thought that when reading it the first time, the little bit of anger that she had let come through her writing had been directed at herself for giving into Mike that first day.  On my second read through though, I could see that it was actually directed at an unnamed person or persons.  It was apparent from what her mother had said to me that she and her husband were the unnamed people.

I put the book down and sat there looking around her bedroom.  Emily had what you would consider a typical girls bedroom.  Colorful flowery bedspread and curtains adorned her bed and windows.  Light pink paint covered the walls.  A handful of stuffed animals rested on the bed.  Many of the animals had come from me when I had won them at the yearly carnival the previous few years.

Thinking that if what Patricia had told me were the truth, and considering how Mike had so easily taken liberties with her in the car as they were driving away, I had no reason to doubt that she and her husband had put themselves in that situation.  My anger towards Emily lessened slightly.  I say slightly, because if you read her diary, you would understand that she seemed to enjoy most of the sex she had been getting from at least seven or eight guys, and a few girls as well.  I had written all of those names down at my house the first time I had read through her diary with the intention of getting back at all of them.

I had known that a few of them had been virgins like me when school had let out for the summer.  That thought made me wonder how many had lost that virginity to Emily.  If I had to guess, I would say all three of them.  Mike, Alex, and Dave had been trying, to no avail, throughout the whole year to rid themselves of that hated virginity.  Dave and Brett had been hooking up with the sluts all year because all they cared about was getting laid and they did not care who they got it from.  As far as I knew, that was the only reason that Brett had started dating Jill, because she was a sure thing.

Thinking of Jill reminded me of what Emily had told me over the phone after telling me that she and Jill had made up and had become friends once again.  You know Evan, people can forgive each other, she had said to me.  She had said several things during the six or so days since I had gotten back from Arizona that seemed strange to me at the time, but once I knew more about what was going on, I realized that she had already been sorry for what she had been doing.  What she has to tell me had better be good, I thought, because if it isnt then there was no way I could forgive her, let alone keep being her boyfriend.  I understood that Mike had gotten her very stoned in an attempt to lower her resistance, then used her cheating to blackmail her into even more debauchery, but why the fuck would Bob risk having sex with a minor?  What I could not figure out, and would have to wait until Emily and apparently her mother got finished with being forced to fuck several of my friends was what Patricia and Nick Erickson had done that Ashley had used against them.

I got up from Emilys bed, took one more look around and walked out of their house.  I was going to go home and sit in the living room to wait and see if Ashley would come home after she got off work.  It seemed that once I had threatened her, she had avoided being home every moment our parents were not there.

----------

I went home and-laid down on the couch in the living room to watch TV.  Being emotionally drained and having not slept much the night before I fell into a deep sleep.  I woke up to the sound of the answering machine beeping and then Ashley leaving a message for our parents letting them know that she would not be home until later.  I stood up and walked into the kitchen.  As soon as she finished leaving her message and hung up the phone, I deleted it.  Our parents were very adamant about letting them know where we would be if we were going to miss supper.  At that time, caller id was something you still had to pay extra for.  Since my parents did not see the extra expense as a necessity, they would not know that she had called.  It was a small victory at the time, a little juvenile as well I admit, but it had made me feel a little better.  If Ashley could destroy my relationship, as well as steal Emilys innocence over a joke that everyone had mostly forgotten about, well, I could be as juvenile as I wanted to be.  I had already made up my mind that as pay back to Ashley, I was going to do everything in my power to destroy our parents image of her as their perfect daughter.

----------

Evan, dinner, my mom called from the end of the hallway.

When they had gotten home, my mother once again asked me if I were doing OK.  After assuring her that I was getting better she let it go, but teld me once more that whatever it was I could talk to her about it.  Yeah right.

When I walked into the dining room, my dad was already at the table dishing food onto his plate.  Pork chops again.  Dont get me wrong, I really like pork chops, but my mom had a near set weekly menu that did not vary often enough.  Tuesdays were pork chops.  The only thing that kept that menu from getting to you was the fact that she was the best cook among all the mothers of my friends.  Since they were no longer my friends though, I would have to make new ones and see how well their moms were at cooking.

Wheres your sister?  My father asked not looking up from the potatoes he was scooping onto his plate.

I dont know.  I havent seen her all day, I said shrugging my shoulders.

She didnt call?  He asked while dousing the potatoes with gravy.

Nope, been here all day.  If you ask me, shes been flaking out on a lot lately.

Hmph.  Honey, could you call around to her friends after dinner and see where she is? He asked my mom.

I can do that dear.  Are you sure you havent heard from her Evan?  Its not like Ashley to not let us know where shell be. 

Im sure.  She knows what the rules are as much as I do, I replied, trying to stifle my grin.

----------

I was sitting in the living room with my parents watching TV when Ashley finally got home.  It was almost ten oclock.

Where have you been? Our dad asked her as soon as the door was closed.

What?  I called and left a message to let you guys know I would be over at Amys after work, she replied.

Evan was here all day and he said no one called.  We give you plenty of freedom to go hang out with your friends.  If you feel you dont need to let us know where youll be then you dont need to be anywhere but here.  Are we clear?  My father said without looking away from the TV.

Evans lying, I left a message, she said looking at me.  I had to control myself so I didnt smile and give myself away.

I was here all day, Ash.  Why would I lie about something so simple anyway?  I said looking back at her, almost daring her to keep pushing it.  Ashley seemed to get nervous at that point.  It might have been my threat to her a few days prior, or it could be she thought I knew more than I did.  I never looked away from her.  I waited for another protest but none came.

Im sorry, Daddy.  I promise it wont happen again, she said, still staring nervously at me.  I was going to enjoy bringing her down.  Before everything with Emily had taken place, I swore that I would love Ashley no matter what because she was my sister.  It was in those moments as I read Emilys diary that I changed my mind.  One way or another, I was definitely going to orchestrate her downfall.

Make sure that it doesnt.  Your mother and I dont ask for much from you kids other than good grades, keeping out of trouble and letting us know where youll be, he said.

OK, well goodnight, it was a long day, she said looking at me nervously over her shoulder as she walked down the hall to her bedroom.

Getting a feeling that she had been with Emily, I went into my bedroom to wait for her call.  I called her room phone at ten thirty with no luck then tried the house phone a minute later with similar results.  Up to that point it seemed that she had always called a few minutes after Ashley would get home.  Maybe they had not been together after all.

My phone woke me up at a quarter to one.  Emily just told me that she was very tired and would call me in the morning, telling me we would get together then, and she would tell me everything.  She also said she would answer any question I had.
To be continued
