Suggestion Box: Swim Buddies
by superevil7

Suggestion Box: Swim Buddies - Chapter 2

Kira was a little disappointed when she arrived at the locker room the next day. Most of her team was already undressing and ready to head for the pool naked. She had hoped her suggestion would have at least put an injunction on the nude swimming for the moment, but it appeared as if nothing had been done. She knew the bureaucracy at her school could move pretty slowly, so she still had a bit of hope that her suggestion would be taken into consideration soon.

She headed to her locker, preparing herself to get naked again, trying to lie to herself that it hadn’t been so bad yesterday. Even if Kira was the oldest girl on the team, she was probably the most modest girl as well, still feeling very ill prepared when it came to these kinds of things. The farthest she had ever gone with a boy was giving him a small peck on the cheek. No boy had ever seen her naked before yesterday, and she had certainly never seen an erection before then either!

“Come on, Kira! Hurry up!” Another girl from her team, a small junior redhead exclaimed, as she passed by totally naked. “You wouldn’t want to be late today, of all days! You finally get to lead the demonstration for the freshman girls!” Many of the other girls gave Kira a little giggle when they overheard the redhead. Kira didn’t understand what the girls were laughing about. She knew that as the most senior girl on the team, it was her job to demonstrate different swimming techniques to the others. She was happy to do it too, very confident in her abilities.

Entering the pool area, 24 naked teen boys and girls all lined up across from one another, directly across from their swim buddies, as they waited for roll call to be taken and their coaches to start practice. As they waited, Kira couldn’t help noticing many of the boys starting to plump up, especially the boy right across from her, her new swim buddy, another senior named Connor. She wanted to giggle a little, and turned to the girl next to her to do just that, but noticed the lustful eyes her friend was using as she stared at her own swim buddy. Then she looked down the line and noticed that the rest of the girls seemed to have very similar expressions, as if they were all going into heat.

Kira turned her head back forward, facing Connor. He gave her a nice, warm smile when he saw her looking at him, and that made Kira feel a little better. That is until Connor licked his lips and then gave her an exaggerated wink. Kira went red, half in embarrassment, and half in anger, as this guy she hardly knew started down at her naked body! She wanted to cover up so badly, but knew she was supposed to stand with her arms clasped behind her back. Instead she just stared down at the floor beneath her, not wanting to look this creepy guy in the eye any longer. She couldn’t understand why her body had started to tingle all over just from the way he had looked at her!

Finally their coaches arrived, and Kira felt ever so thankful, thinking practice was about to begin. Instead of blowing her whistle and telling the athletes to hit the pool, Coach Bayley started walking up and down the line separating the boys from the girls, with a little smirk on her lips. “Today we will finally be getting to the demonstration.” She started explaining. “I know all you boys must have been very frustrated that we weren’t able to get to this yesterday.” Many of the boys nodded in agreement, as Ms. Bayley headed back in the direction of Connor and Kira. Suddenly, she reached out and tickled the underside of Connor’s thrust out penis with her fingertips for just a moment as she stood in front of him. “I see you are ready and waiting for the demonstration, Connor.” Both Connor and the coach gave each other a big smile for what she had just done.

Kira, however, couldn't believe what she had just seen, letting out a great gasp! She looked down the line at the other boys and girls, but all of them seemed to just be smiling as well. Even Coach Willfred seemed to approve, just nodding his head at the proceedings.

“Kira, as the most senior girl on the team, you get the honor of giving the very first blowjob this year.” Coach Bayley beamed at her with pride as she looked at her prized swimmer. She almost envied the girl, getting her hands and her mouth on such a nice specimen like Connor.

“What…?” Kira knew that this was wrong. All of this was very wrong, but she was so shocked she couldn't even protest. Automatically, as if someone else had moved her, she found herself sinking down to her knees. She looked up at Connor, giving him a nervous look as she still held her arms behind her back, which he took to mean come hither. She even seemed to thrust her chest out a bit more as she knelt there for him, right next to the pool where everyone could see. The rest of the team just watched on with anticipation for what was about to happen.

Connor took a few steps forward, and now his crotch and his rigid cock was right in the girl’s face! He smiled down at her, but the expression on her face gave away the girl’s nervous feelings. “Kira baby, what’s the matter? You’ve done this a thousand times before. Don’t worry baby, I’ll help you through this.” He said, thinking she was just nervous to do this in front of the others.

“I have not…! Mmmmmm!!” As soon as her mouth had opened, Connor had shoved his cock right inside! Kira was caught totally off guard. “Mmmmmm!!! Mmmmmm!!!” She very much wanted to protest now, but found she couldn’t with her mouth full. Instead, her tongue started exploring the cock in her mouth, and her lips started making a suction about half way down, and soon she found herself bobbing her head back and forth across the length of his large erection! “Mmmmmm!!! Mmmmmm!!! Mmmmmm!!!” The longer she did it, the more she got into it. She even found herself trying to take his cock all the way in. Finally something gave way, and she was able to take him all the way, deep into her throat!

That was all it took, and suddenly Connor was coating her esophagus with his semen. “Oh fuck! Oh baby! Kira, I love you baby!” He exclaimed as she swallowed every last drop. Somehow she knew she would get into trouble if she didn’t. He loved her!?! She thought to herself, as the boy held her head in place until he was done cumming, with his cock still deep down her throat.

He let her free finally, and besides a few coughs and sputters as his cock slipped out from between her lips, Kira found the experience to be not as bad as she had always thought it would be. “Thanks baby.” Connor pulled her back to her feet, and then surprisingly he was kissing her, right on the lips!

“Awww!” The rest of the team kind of cooed as they watched the two seniors kiss. Kira didn’t know what to do, looking very wide eyed at the handsome naked boy in front of her once their kiss had ended. She had never been kissed like that before in her life, but something deep down, some cardinal part of her, had really enjoyed it. Really enjoyed everything she had just done, sucking his cock and all!

“Alright girls! You’ve seen what to do! Pair up with your swim buddies and get to it!” Coach Bayley proclaimed. “Excellent demonstration, you two. That might have just been the best demonstration I’ve ever seen in the history of Clear Spring High, but I suppose you two love birds have had a lot of practice.” She giggled, placing her hand over her lips.

“We have,” Connor gave his coach a big grin, as he wrapped his arm around Kira. “It’s practically all Kira ever wants to do with me.” He laughed, attempting to tease her a little.

“But I…? But you…?” Kira stammered a few times, totally bewildered. She turned to Connor and asked, “We’re a couple?” shocked to her very core!

“Kira baby?” He was just confused by her question.

“Are you ok, honey? Maybe you better sit down for a minute.” Coach Bayley offered, and the two led the older girl over to have a rest on the small bleachers overlooking the pool area.

Tracy had ended up paired with Oly this year, and she knew exactly what that meant she had to do. This would be the first time she would be giving her good friend a blowjob, as she could remember Jess had been paired with Oly for freshman year last time. Though something about that just didn’t seem quite right to her. A part of her felt like yesterday was the first time she had ever seen him naked before, but that couldn’t be true if the girls’ swim team had always been expected to give relief to the boys in this way. It was all a very confusing mess every time the girl tried to think harder about it.

Oly was very happy to have gotten Tracy as his buddy this time. He liked Jessy alright, but the object of his affection had always been the blonde girl in front of him. As she got down on her knees for him, he could feel his cock expanding to a point much further than he ever thought possible.

With how excited Oly seemed to be, Tracy easily had him cumming into her mouth in just about a minute. She was thankful for that. She had been worried she wouldn’t be very good, never having given a blowjob before. Wait, she thought, that can't be right? This isn’t the first blowjob I’ve ever given, but then why does it feel like it is? She just leaned back, resting her butt on her folded legs beneath her, feeling very forlorn and totally confused about what was happening to her memory.

“Don’t spill.” Oly chuckled, breaking her out of her thoughts.

“Huh?” She asked, but then he pointed to the corner of her mouth, where a little bit of his jizz had dribbled out, and she understood.

“Here, I’ll get it for you.” He used his thumb to wipe up the small blob, and then popped it into her mouth, expecting the blonde girl to suck it clean for him. Deep down, Tracy knew what he wanted, doing just that. Then she gave him a coy little smile for what she had just done.

"Was… Was I good?" She asked him hopefully, like her very worth depended on his opinion about this. "Was I a good little cock sucker for you, Oly?"

"Tracy, you were amazing!" He smiled big back at her. "I hope you enjoyed it too. I know I'm not exactly the biggest of the bunch around here. I hope you aren't disappointed to be paired up with me."

"Oly, I'm not disappointed at all! Some of the other guys are kind of scary looking to be honest. Besides, you seem to fit just perfectly into my mouth, if I do say so!" and with that, the blonde girl learned forward, taking his still half erect cock in between her lips once again!

That was the way practice ended up going after that. Many a time one of the boys would get an erection, and he would be calling his female swim buddy out of the water to give him some relief. The girls were pretty thankful every time they got back into the water, not wanting the boys to notice just how wet they were getting as they performed their duties, though some of the boys were able to notice. The biggest thing that bothered the girls, was that they were never given the chance to receive their own satisfaction, but otherwise most of the girls were very happy to do their obligation for the boys of the team.

The only two girls to really have any problems were Tracy and Kira. Tracy was just a bit flummoxed about what was happening to her memory, hoping nothing serious was wrong with her. Kira on the other hand felt like she had been violated in a way. She was not the type of girl to do what she had just done, and she couldn’t understand why no one else could see just how wrong it was, forcing her into giving Connor a blowjob in front of the whole team! He was very nice though, sitting out for the entirety of practice with her, making sure she felt better. Part of her could see how she had fallen for a guy like him, even if she had no memory of that at all.

She was still in a daze as practice was dismissed. She and the other girls headed for the locker room to get dressed and head home. It was only as she spotted the door to her coach’s office, where the small suggestion box still hung on the wall, that she started putting two and two together. Could her suggestion from yesterday have somehow led to everything that had happened this afternoon? Led to all the boys getting relief for their erections!?

Was this seemingly ordinary looking suggestion box somehow magical!?!

Not wanting to waste another moment, Kira went to her locker to grab another slip of paper and a pen. She knew she could put things right if she could just word things correctly. But what to write, she thought, contemplating in the middle of the locker room as the other girls all got dressed around her. Then she had a eureka moment, and quickly scribbled down her suggestion.

She headed straight for the box with a purpose. She now knew she could put everything right with her little slip of paper. She just needed to do it before someone else was able to figure out what this strange box was capable of, and tried to use it to their own advantage.

Tracy had just come out of the shower, and was headed for her own locker, and her own clothes, when she noticed for the first time where the senior brunette girl was headed. She gasped, as everything finally clicked in her head. There was nothing wrong with her memory. The suggestion box! It had caused all of this! She dropped her towel to the dirty floor, quickly rushing over to intercept the older girl before she could put the slip inside.

“Kira, wait!” She got to her just in time, grabbing her arm before she could reach the box and seal their fate forever. “We need to talk. You put a suggestion in the box yesterday, didn’t you?”

“What? Yeah. How do you know that?”

“Because I put a suggestion in the box a couple days ago, and that ended up merging the teams. And that’s why we have to swim naked with the boys.” Tracy explained.

“Wait, this is your fault!?” Kira glared a dagger at the shorter blonde girl.

“Not just mine. Yours too! You put something in there yesterday, right? What did you suggest?”

“I don’t know? Something about the risk of there being a sexual assault, and something needing to be done about that. I was upset about your friend Oly, and what he had done to you and your friend.”

“You didn’t write anything else?”

“Ummm, I did complain about the boys having erections the whole time. But I don’t see how that is relevant.” Kira said.

“Wait, don’t you see!? You complained about the boys being hard and that something must be done about it! It twisted your words into meaning we had to do something about the boys' erections! We had to give them blowjobs because of your suggestion!”

Kira scoffed, putting her hands on her hips, “That’s not what I meant!!” and she gave her a very perturbed glare.

“I know, but that’s what the box interpreted it as. When I put my suggestion in, I thought it would only be the boys that had to swim naked. I never thought it would make us swim naked too. Well honestly, I never expected anything to happen, but… That's not the point. Here,” She grabbed the paper from the older girl’s hand, “Let me see what you wrote this time.” She read the slip over, starting to shake her head back and forth. “No! No! No! This is all wrong! You can’t put this in there!” Tracy complained with worry.

“What? Why not?” Kira asked, snatching the paper back, and looking over what she had written again, seeing no problems.

“Don’t you see? Something like that would lead to the boys using our bodies in any way that they please!” Tracy implored, hoping the older girl understood what she meant.

Kira was still looking over her suggestion. “I don’t see how…? Oh... Oh!!” She went a little pale, realizing exactly what the younger blonde girl meant. “We can’t put this in there then. What do we do?” She asked, feeling at her wits end.

Tracy stood there for a moment, trying to think. “I have an idea! Follow me!” she took the older girl’s hand, leading her out into the main hallway.

"What's your idea?" Kira asked once they had stepped through the door.

"If we get one of the boys to put in our suggestion, I hope it will fix everything. But if it doesn't, maybe it will only backfire on him, and we won't end up getting the short end of the stick this time." Tracy explained her plan.

"You really think that will work?" Kira asked. Tracy just shrugged her shoulders as they rounded the corner and spotted the entrance to the boys' locker room.

Neither girl realized what they had just done, but a few of the other students started snickering at the two girls as they came into view. The girls just paid them no mind, more focused on fixing their problems. Luckily for them, Oly was just exiting his locker room into the main hall at that very second. “Hey girls!” He said as he recognized the two, but then he did a double take, realizing they were both very out of place amongst the other students. “Um, girls?”

“Oly! Great!” Tracy rushed over, pulling the older Kira along with her. “We need your help.”

Oly could only chuckle at them. “Um, didn’t you girls forget something before coming out here?”

“Huh? What?” Both girls were confused by his question, until he gestured for them to both look down at themselves. Both girls were still naked!!! “Oh my God!!” They both quickly covered up as best they could, while the other students all laughed at them for their mistake.

“Not that I mind seeing you girls like this!” Oly taunted, giving them a very smug superior smirk as they stood there naked in front of him and the others, not sure what to do.

“Oly, please, you have to help us.” Tracy begged, “Can we please talk over there, where no one else can see us?” She nodded her head back over towards the hallway to the girls’ locker room.

“Alright, what is this about?” He asked, as they rounded the corner, and the girls were once again effectively hidden. “Did something happen to your clothes? I don’t really have anything else on me. One of you can borrow my towel if you want, but it’s still kind of damp.”

“No, this isn’t about that.” Kira explained, still trying to keep everything she once thought of as private, private.

“Our clothes are still in the locker room.” Tracy added.

“You know I’ve seen both of you naked, right? There’s really no reason you need to hide yourselves like that. No one else can see you over here.” He said, seeing the way both girls seemed to look uncomfortable about the way they were holding themselves.

Tracy dropped her arms at that, feeling a little foolish, but Kira was still quite modest, even after everything she had been through the last two days. “I’m fine how I am.” She explained.

“Oly, listen. We need you to do something for us.” Tracy said, trying to implore just how important this was to her.

“Alright. What is it?” He asked. He was having trouble keeping his eyes off of his naked blonde friend’s bare body.

“We need you to go into the girls’ locker room, and put a new suggestion into the suggestion box near Coach Bayley’s office.”

“Um… I mean…” It took him a few moments before the words reached his brain, he was still so focused on ogling his naked friend. “Wait, what!? I’m not doing that! Do you know how much trouble I could get into even talking about going into the girls’ locker room!? No, no way! No how!” He exclaimed, folding his arms for the girls as if to say this was final.

“We thought you might say that… Get him!” Tracy pronounced, and suddenly both girls were on top of him! He was so surprised that he didn’t even get a chance to think, as suddenly he found himself thrust through the locker room door!

“A BOY!!!” The girls inside started shrieking and yelling, running around like chickens with their heads cut off! Most of them were not a part of the swim team, and thus not used to being naked in front of a male. The half naked girls either rushed away to hide in the shower area, or tried to quickly get their clothes on instead.

“What is the meaning of this!!??” Coach Bayley demanded, as she heard the commotion from outside of her office. “Oliver!?!?”

“Coach, they pushed me inside!” Oly gulped, very nervous about his future. He had heard a rumor about the last time a boy had tried to sneak a peek into the girls’ locker room. Not only had he heard that the boy had been expelled, but that he had also been sent to the state penitentiary for his crimes! Oliver couldn’t imagine what the school would do to him for basically waltzing through the front door of the girls’ sanctuary!

“Is that true girls?” Coach Bayley didn’t really believe the boy, but wanted to give him the benefit of the doubt, in case it was true.

Kira started nodding her head. “Um, yes. Sorry, coach. We, um, didn’t think it would matter, since he had already seen us naked. We forgot about the other girls though…” She answered, pleading her case to the woman.

Tracy was surprised Kira would give them up so easily, but then the girl had always been such a goodie-good. “Yes, it’s true.” She hung her head, knowing she and Kira were now about to be the ones with big problems.

“Girls, I’m shocked!” Coach Bayley said, not understanding what the girls were even after. “You two wait here while I get dressed. Oly, you wait here too. Make sure these two miscreants don’t leave your sight!” and she stepped back into her office to retrieve her clothes.

“I don’t get it?” Oly stared at his friend and Kira with confusion, trying to keep his back to the other girls in the locker room, and give them a bit of privacy while they all waited for Coach Bayley. “Why did you do that to me? Why would you force me in here like that?”

“We needed you to put something into that suggestion box there.” Tracy explained, pointing at the box hung up on the wall.

“What? Why?”

“We think it’s responsible for everything that’s happened the last couple of days. The reason the teams were merged, and the reason we all had to swim naked together.” Kira explained.

“And the reason us girls had to… You know?” Tracy added.

“No, what?” He asked.

“Give you guys blowjobs…” Tracy explained under her breath with a large blush on her cheeks. “Look, that doesn’t really matter.” She said, putting those thoughts out of her head. “The box has some kind of power to change the rules and even reality, and we can prove it to you, if you just put a suggestion in the box.”

“What? So you’re saying this box? This ordinary wooden box… is somehow magic?” Oly rolled his eyes at the two naked girls, giving them a look like they were both losing their minds.

“We know it’s hard to believe, but it has to be true.” Kira implored. “Otherwise I would have never…! ever…! given Connor a… blow– blowjob today.” She felt disgusted with herself, even just saying the word.

“You girls are crazy!”

“We are not! Oly, please believe us! I’m telling you the truth. Please, believe me…” Tracy begged, flashing her friend the biggest, most saddest looking eyes he had ever seen.

“Alright, fine. Is this the note you want me to put in there?” He asked, suddenly snatching the note from Kira’s hand that she had been holding the whole time.

“No, Oly! Wait!” Both girls tried to stop him, but they were too late. They watched in horror, as the note slipped neatly into the little wooden box, and just like that it was gone.

Oly waited a beat and then gave both girls another skeptical look. “Nope. Still don’t believe you… Sorry… Magic suggestion box.” He said under his breath, shaking his head at both girls, almost having to chuckle at how preposterous that sounded out loud.

“Alright girls. Oly. You three are with me.” Coach Bayley commanded. She was fully dressed now, in her normal workout clothes that she wore when she was teaching gym class. Both girls gasped as she passed between them, and opened the door that led back into the main hallway. “Let’s go girls!” She demanded, since both girls just stared at her wide eyed, seemingly refusing to follow.

“Out there!?” Kira gasped, not comprehending the actions of her coach. She couldn’t really expect them to go back out there naked, could she!?

“Yes, out there! If you two don’t follow me right now, not only will both of you be off the team, but you’ll both be expelled for the little stunt you pulled on the other girls!”

Kira and Tracy both knew their coach meant business after that, quickly following her out into the main hall, with Oly pulling up the rear and enjoying the beautiful view of the two bare behinds he had in front of him. Both naked girls tried as best they could to keep themselves covered with their arms as they went, thankful that the hallway seemed to be abandoned at the moment. Still, they were very nervous as their coach made a turn towards the main gym of the school, where they could hear the squeaking shoes of the basketball team as they practiced. “Girls! Both of you are to make ten laps around the gym as you are, and after that, and only after that, will both of you be allowed to return to the locker room! Understood!?” The angry woman explained. “Oly, you will make sure both girls complete their ten laps, and only then will you allow them to return to the locker room. Got it?”

“Yes coach.” Oly nodded his head, feeling quite amused with the innovative punishment their coach had come up with for the girls.

“Got it girls?”

“Yes coach.” Both girls groaned, not believing they were about to face such a humiliating punishment. And in front of the whole basketball team as well! They could only hope it was the girls’ basketball team, and not the boys, practicing inside of that gym.

That was not to be. The two naked girls came face to face with about 20 athletic, horny, and good looking teenage males, who all stopped in their tracks and stared the second the two girls walked in. Their coach had just informed the team about the girls’ punishment that was about to take place. Even so, they were still quite shocked when the two totally naked ladies entered the gym. “Get back to practice!” Their coach called, blowing his whistle, and the boys went back to dribbling and shooting baskets.

Oly led the two blushing beauties, following the out of bounds line over until he reached about half court. “This seems like a good place to start.” He explained, relishing every movement of the girls’ embarrassment, while enjoying every bare part of their bodies he could see. Then he had an idea. “I think it’s time both of you stop covering up like that. This is meant to be a punishment, you know.”

“You can’t be serious!” Tracy complained.

“What’s the big deal? I’ve seen both of you naked plenty of times.”

“But they haven’t!” Kira nodded her head towards the basketball players, clutching her arms that much tighter over her bare privates, as a few of the boys gave her a hungry gawk in return.

“Coach Bayley never said we had to do that anyway!” Tracy gave her friend a large glare.

“If you don’t do it, I’ll tell Coach Bayley you didn’t complete all your laps.” He said smugly.

The two naked girls could only squirm as they brought their arms to their sides, and tried to let them hang there in a relaxed manner. They both just hung their heads in shame, not wanting to look at Oly or any of the other boys present. They were both aware that the sounds of the dribbling basketballs had come to a sudden halt, which signaled that, along with Oly, the entirety of the boys’ basketball team was now ogling their naked bodies. After a few moments, the coach blew his whistle again, and the dribbling resumed.

Oly told them to get going, and then both naked girls found themselves jogging around the out of bounds area of the basketball court. Kira, in particular, became very uncomfortable, very quickly, as her large teardrop shaped breasts bounced freely in front of her. The taller brunette girl was not used to running without having anything to support her up top. Tracy was more fortunate in this case, with her smaller, more round breasts, not jiggling as much as the older girl’s.

“This is so humiliating!” Kira whispered to Tracy, as they reached about the halfway point of their third lap. Her face gave away just how embarrassed she was, having been a deep dark red the entire time they had been in the gym.

“Tell me about it. I think I share a class or two with at least half of these guys.” Tracy’s face was just about as red as Kira’s. “I’m honestly more worried about the suggestion Oly put into the box though. What do you think is going to happen tomorrow when the guys are allowed to ‘Explore their sexuality at their own pace’?” Tracy asked, quoting part of the suggestion Kira had come up with.

Kira had felt so clever when she had written it, but now she just felt stupid and ashamed. “I don’t know, but maybe we can do something about it? After this is over, you and I can go put our own suggestion into the box that will hopefully nullify that, and put an end to all of this for good.”

“Good idea!” Tracy said, feeling a bit of hope again. “I didn’t think of that. Hey! Maybe we can even make it so that the guys all forget about our punishment today?”

“That’s a great idea!” Kira gave a smile to her younger companion. If no one ended up remembering their humiliating punishment, then it wouldn’t be so bad, she thought to herself. She found herself becoming a bit more at ease about her situation thinking about that.

“Alright girls! That’s ten laps!” Oly called as the two girls came upon him for the final time. Both naked girls had worked up quite a sweat from their run, and their naked bodies now had a nice sexy shine to them as they stood there under the gym’s bright fluorescent lighting, holding their arms behind their heads in order to catch their breath.

“Thanks, Oly.” Tracy said, panting. “Thanks for not trying to make us do extra laps. We’re sorry about what we did before.”

“Yeah, Oly, sorry. We weren’t trying to get you into trouble with Coach Bayley. We promise.” Kira added.

“Thanks girls. Come on. Let’s get you back to the locker room before all these guys lose their minds staring at you like this.” Oly said, bringing attention to the fact that practice had once again come to an abrupt stop as the players all stared at the naked girls.

“Uh, yeah!” Tracy giggled nervously, and the two nude girls scampered their way over to the door and out of the gym, thankful that their punishment was finally complete. Now all they needed to do was put their suggestions into the suggestion box, and their crazy nightmare would be over. Or so they thought.

