Author: mypenname3000
Title: Owning a Maid Harem Chapter Thirty-Two: The Holy Maiden's Cherry
Summary: Lance takes the cherries of a shrine maiden and his daughter!
Keyword: mff mf FF mc inc oral anal toys 1st inter lac bond BDSM D/s spank exhib voy

Characters

Main Characters

Lance Hayward: New Master of Hayward Manor.
Cali: The purple-eyed maid with a mysterious past. Has the Golden Garter.
Maria Hayward: Lance's mother. Has the Silver Garter and is his Mommy-Maid.
Kylie Hayward: Lance's little sister. Has the Pink Garter and his Little Sister Maid.
Ms. Lynette Docea: Lance's history teacher. Has the Light-Blue Garter and is his Teacher-Maid.
Nancy Heres: Lance's aunt and mother's sister. Has the Red Garter and is his Aunt-Maid.
Bella Miles: Lance's best friend. Has the Yellow Garter and is his Maid-Wife.

The Daughter Maids  Bronze Garters
Angela Hayward: Lance's daughter with his mother.  
Chastity Hayward: Lance's third daughter with his mother.
Delilah Hayward: Lance's fourth daughter with his mother.
Virginia Hayward: Lance's second daughter with his mother. 

The Virgin Maids  Pink Garters
Ashley: Student
Brenda: Student
Heather Goldsmith: Daughter of the jewelry shop owner.
Janiqua: Student
Rashimi: Attends First Baptist
Tabitha: Kylie's best friend
Yuki Hanada: Shrine Maiden at the Tsukuyomi Shrine on Sanuki Island in mountains
Zeta: Attends First Baptist

The Wise-Maids  Gray Garters
Abigail Wright: Curator at the Museum of Neolithic History
Asuka: Student
Marsha Peterson: PHD in Celtic Mythology
Mrs. Johnson: Teacher
Mrs. White: Principal
Sister Martha Ruth: Nun at St. Theresa

The Slut-Maids  Orange Garters
Alisha: Shop girl
Deborah: Aunt Nancy's eldest daughter.
Deidre: Attends First Baptist
Izzy: Aunt Nancy's youngest daughter.
Ji-Woo Im: Runs Happy Touch Massage Parlor
Seo-Yun Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Concubine-Maids  Green Garters
Alice: Student
Carla: Cheerleader
Felicity: Student
Gloria: Student
Mrs. Kenning: Mother to Opal
Mrs. Miles: Bella's mother
Opal Kenning: Bride going to marry Clint Hartford.
Veronica: Student

The Demon-Maid  Black Garter
The Seductress: An imprisoned in the flesh.

Other Characters

Aleister Hayward: Brought the manor from England to America
Carmen Black: Pilot
Clint Hartford: Groom going to marry Opal Kenning
Coach Richards: Teacher
Daffodil: Attends First Baptist
Dara Bigsby: Pilot
Derrick: Rick Reynold's best man, banging his bride.
Esmerelda Jimenez: Pilot
Estella Rayne: Pilot
Iris Devim: Pilot
Janet Varsity: Pilot
Lana: Attends First Baptist
Lily Myers: Pilot
Mortimer Hayward: Lance's dead uncle, previous owner of Hayward Manor.
Mr. Carter: Teacher
Mr. Goldsmith: Won of the men who owns Goldsmith & Sons Jewelry.
Mr. Jordan: Teacher
Pita: Attends First Baptist
Rick Reynolds: Groom goign to marry Rita Carlyle.
Rita Carlyle: Bride going to marry Rick Reynolds. Cheating on him with his best man.
Sister Shannon Ester: Nun at St. Theresa, killed by Malevolence
Ursula: Attends First Baptist
Young-Ja Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Imprisoned

The Gizzamuluke
The Hagazim
Lady Smiles
The Maggotborn
Malevolence
The Misshapen
The Ripper
Smiles
The Stalker
The Tempest
The Twin
The Warmth
The Weeper
The Woods

Yuki Hanada

I quivered as I lifted my face from Kylie's pussy. We had just eaten each other's pussies. I shuddered at the sight of Lord Hayward moving toward me. He was naked now. Strong and handsome with brown hair and a big cock thrusting before him.

I had seen his cock on the plane, but this was the first time I really looked at it. I was a virgin, of course, but I was his now. He owned me. I felt that wonderful fact pulsing on my leg. The white garter that Kylie had gifted me.

She had chosen me. That was such a wonderful delight to realize. It was just so delicious that I was his. Owned by him. He had saved me from the Tempest. I had prayed to Lord Tsukuyomi, and his championhis avatarhad appeared with all his maids. They were practically tennyo.

Heavenly maidens.

Well, the purple-eyed maid watching from the corners was not human at all. Nor was the black-eyed woman wearing golden chains. She must be dangerous, but she was being watched over by the maids, so she must be... safe so long as she was imprisoned.

That really didn't matter as Lord Hayward stopped before me. He stroked his hand through my black hair. My very own shrine maiden.

Yes, Hayward-Sama, I said. I spoke flawless English now. The magic of the garter. 

He smiled. Yuki... You are a beautiful one.

His cock bobbed before me. I sat on his sister's face still as his hand slid to the back of my head. He pulled my lips toward his cock. I understood and opened wide. There were so many maids of all ages and ethnicities. So many of them it was crowded in this area. They were all starting to melt away, though.

They must have rooms or something.

But that wasn't important. I opened my mouth wide and swallowed Lord Hayward's cock. My lips slid over his dick. I shuddered as I did it. I had his cock in my mouth. My lips sealed around him. I stared up at his dick and flicked my tongue around his shaft.

He groaned as I did that. His dick twitched in my mouth as he smiled down at me. He was enjoying what I did to him. That made me feel so great. He groaned as I suckled on his cock. I nursed on him with everything that I had. This was such a hot moment. A wave of delight washed through me as I bobbed my head and suckled on his cock with force.

He moaned as I worked my mouth up and down his dick. I suckled on him hard. Fast. He shuddered at the feel of me instinctively eating him. I squirmed on my furred muff on his little sister's face. She purred and licked at me.

She lapped at me with such hunger.

I groaned at the feel of her tongue flicking through my folds. My eyes squeezed shut as she lapped at me with hunger. She slid her tongue up and down my slit, stroking over my hymen. I shuddered on her as I enjoyed what she did to me. 

I moaned around his cock, bobbing my head. He groaned as he stare down at me. His eyes brimmed with such hunger. I loved it. I also loved the other maids watching us. Some were on the couch, some were having their own fun, and others said naughty things.

Look at that virgin suckle, purred one maid. Ooh, it's always the quiet virgins that go wild with their first dick.

Yes, yes, she make good masseuse, a mature Korean woman said. Give good sucky.

Definitely, a Black maid said. Her skin was so dark and lovely.

I suckled hard on Lord Hayward's cock. I wanted to make him cum. Especially with this sister stroking my folds. She had such a wicked tongue that stirred up such delight in me. Another orgasm. I would drown her in pussy cream again. 

It was so naughty of her to eat me out while I suckled on her big brother's cock. She was so lucky to be Lord Hayward's little sister. To grow up with such a magnificent man and become his wife. I suckled hard on him, remembering my own crush on my big brother.

My tongue danced around his cock. I loved that delight. I suckled on him hard, my cheeks hollowing with the vigor of my suckling. I bobbed my head. I worked my mouth up and down his cock. I nursed on him with passion.

That's it, Yuki, he groaned, his strong hands sliding through my hair. You're doing such a great job. Damn!

I was so happy to hear that. I was just so thrilled to be suckling on his dick like that. I loved having his cock in my mouth. I nursed on him with all my might as his sister flicked her tongue through my folds again. 

Mmm, such a sweet shrine maiden, he growled, staring down at me with such passion in his eyes.

I quivered in delight, loving that look in his eyes. I was so ready to gulp down all his cum. I would just drink it all down. That would be so hot. I was ready for this wicked moment. My cheeks hollowed as I bobbed my head. I worked my mouth up and down his cock.

He groaned, his dick throbbing into my mouth. My tongue flicked around him. I stroked him with such passion. I loved suckling on him like this while his sister found my clit. She stroked her tongue around my bud.

I squealed in delight.

Kylie giggled. She likes that, Master-Big Bro!

Yes, she does, he groaned as his naughty sister suckled on my clit.

I trembled on her, the pressure in me building and building again as I worshiped his cock. My tongue danced around the crown of his dick. I stroked over his crown. I wanted to just drink all his cum. That would be wondrous. 

Just to gulp it all down and savor that delight. I suckled harder on him. He groaned as I did that, staring down at me with such passion in his eyes. I loved what I saw there. It was delicious. I suckled on him with hunger. 

With passion.

His cock twitched in my mouth. He throbbed as his little sister suckled so hard on my clit. I moaned, the pleasure swelling in me. I couldn't last much longer. My eyes stared up at Lord Hayward. He grinned at me.

That's it, he growled. What a sweet shrine maiden you are, Yuki!

His sister nibbled on my clit in that same moment. The pleasure rushed through me. This big burst of rapture swept through my body. I bucked and groaned, my small breasts quivering. The waves of delight washed over my mind. I drowned in ecstasy as I nursed on his cock.

I suckled hard, squealing around his dick. Drool ran down my chin as I bucked on Kylie, drowning her in pussy cream as Lord Hayward tightened his grip on the back of my head. He held me in place as his cock twitched.

Yuki! Lord Hayward grunted.

He erupted.

I gasped as his seed flooded my mouth. It was even saltier than his precum. I shuddered and swallowed it all down. It was so good. I couldn't believe how good it was. That was such a wonderful thing to discover. I groaned, gulping down more and more of his jizz.

I swallowed every last drop of his spunk. It was outstanding having all this pleasure surging through me as more of his jizz pumped into my mouth. I ground my furred muff on Kylie's face, the other maids cheering.

Go, Yuki go! squealed one.

You're doing such a good job, a mature Black woman said, smiling.

Yes, she is, cooed a red-haired woman in her twenties. Ooh, Mom, she's doing great.

Yes, she is, the mature redhead I saw eating out Bella's pussy on the plane purred. 

It was all so wondrous. All this dizzying bliss swept through me. I groaned, my eyes rolling back in my head. I shuddered on that delicious mouth licking me. It was a beautiful thing to enjoy. It was just fabulous.

I was in heaven right now. I suckled so hard on the cock in my mouth. I nursed with such passion, gulping down every last drop of cum that spurted from Lord Hayward's dick. He grunted and fired out the last of his cum. He spilled it into my mouth.

I swallowed it down.

Damn, Yuki, he groaned and pulled his cock from my mouth.

Hayward-Sama, I moaned, drool running down my chin. 

He smiled at me and took my hands. He lifted me off Kylie, my orgasm dying down. My legs quivered as he backed up. The redheaded maid smacked me on the ass as I passed. She had a bright smile on her lips.

Mmm, welcome to the harem, she said. I'm Opal.

You'll do well, the mature Black woman said. I'm Mrs. White. Well, that's what everyone calls me still. Of course, I'm not married to my husband any longer. He understood I had been called to something greater.

Yes, said another redhead. She had big boobs and a light-blue garter. She was one of the special maids with a unique color like Kylie or Bella. I'm Lynette Docea.

Ms. Docea, Lord Hayward said. My favorite teacher.

He sat down on the couch and pulled me onto his lap. I shuddered as I did that. It was so startling to be like this. And so intimate. His hands slid down my back and grabbed the cheeks of my butt. He gripped them with such familiarity. He owned me.

Grab his cock and ride him, sweetie, purred Ms. Docea. She sat on the couch beside him while Mrs. White sank to her knees and parted Ms. Docea's thighs. He wants you to pop your own cherry.

Oh, I said, my cheeks burning. I grabbed Lord Hayward's cock and lifted him up. I pressed him into my bush. He nodded to me, encouraging me to do just what Ms. Docea suggested.

The Teacher-Maid groaned as Mrs. White began feasting. Ms. Docea arched her back, loving what the Black woman did to her. Those big boobs of hers quivered. I trembled and grabbed Lord Hayward's cock and pressed him up into my bush. He nuzzled through my curls until...

He touched my pussy lips. My virgin flesh. A shudder rushed through me. I was about to lose my virginity to this great man right here. I pressed my weight down on him. My heart pounded so fast as the tip of his cock nuzzled into my hymen.

It'll be fine, sweetie, Opal's mother said. She sat on the couch and gave me a motherly smile. Trust me. We all had to break our hymens.

Except me, said Lord Hayward.

You just break them, Opal's mother said. Mmm, enjoy, child.

I nodded and pushed down harder. My hymen stretched. I quivered at that. It hurt for a moment. A flare of heat then... My virginity tore. I gasped as his cock penetrated into my pussy. I slid down his shaft, the pleasures rippling through me.

I gasped in delight as more and more of my pussy slid down his cock. I trembled, my small boobs quivering as I worked my twat farther and farther down his cock. I whimpered as the pleasure rushed through me. I took more and more until...

I had him all in me.

His hands squeezed my rump as he groaned, Sweet Yuki.

Now ride him, Ms. Docea moaned, her eyes fluttering. 

I flexed my thighs and slid my pussy up his cock. I gasped at the pleasure rushing through my body. The friction was even more delicious going up him. My cunt clenched about his dick. This wonderful friction blossomed into bliss. I gasped as I plunged back down his cock. I gasped at how incredible it felt to do that.

It was amazing to take so much of his cock in me. My pussy clenched about his dick. I held him tight. It was amazing having so much of his shaft in me. I worked up and down him again and again, loving this bliss building in me.

Yes, yes, yes, I whimpered, my heart pounding in my chest. Oh, that's amazing.

Isn't it? Lord Hayward said as I worked my cunt up and down his cock.

I smiled at him as I rode his mighty cock. Lord Hayward's lance stretched me out and made me feel so amazing. I didn't know I could enjoy something like this. I shuddered, my pussy clamping down around his cock. He groaned as I rode him.

He felt so good in me. Just so perfect. I loved every last second of working my cunt up and down his cock. This was amazing. The pleasure swept through me as I rode him. My cunt melted around his dick. He had such a big one.

Oh, yes, yes, Velma, Ms. Docea moaned. Oh, yes, yes, work that tongue around in me!
Mmm, gladly, Lynette, Mrs. White purred.

I trembled, plunging my cunt up and down Lord Hayward's cock. My pussy gripped him. I held him tight with my pussy. He groaned at that, his hands slapping down on my rump. My pussy clamped down on him. I held him tight.

It was a marvelous delight. A wonderful rapture. Bliss swept through me as I worked up and down him. I felt my orgasm building and building as I rode him. He groaned, his fingers digging into my rump. He held me tight as I rode him.

That felt just so fantastic in me. I loved every last second of plunging my cunt down his cock. I reveled in this passion. I whimpered, my orgasm swelling faster and faster. His big dick reached so deep into me. He made me feel amazing. I savored that heat building and building in me. 

Damn, Yuki, he groaned, his fingers squeezing about my rump.

Are you... going to cum in me, Lord Hayward? I whimpered.

You better fucking believe it, he growled. That tight cunt is driving me wild, Yuki! My sweet shrine maiden!

I smiled at him and plunged my cunt down his dick. I took him to the hilt. My pussy gripped him. I slid back up him, my twat massaging his big cock. It was amazing having that delicious dick in me. I groaned, rising toward the moment of eruption.

I would have a mighty climax. Just a big burst of bliss. It would be perfect. I wanted to cum on my Lord's cock. I plunged down his dick. He groaned, his face twisting in delight. I slid back up him, reveling in that big shaft in me.

Hayward-Sama, I groaned, my body quivering.

Cum on me, Yuki! he growled, giving me permission.

Yes, I gasped and plunged down his cock. Yes, yes, yes!

I climaxed so hard.

My pussy convulsed around his cock. My snatch worshiped him as the waves of rapture swept through me. They washed over my mind. I loved that bliss. It swept through my body. Stars flashed across my vision.

Fuck, Yuki! he growled and erupted.

His cum shot into my pussy.

Hayward-Sama! I squealed as his jizz pumped into my snatch. He filled me up with all his spurting cum. There was so much of it. Yes!

My cunt rippled and writhed around his erupting cock. I suckled at his spurting shaft with hunger. I reveled in his seed spilling into my pussy. I trembled on him, my head swaying. My hair swept over me as I loved this rapture. 

My cunt nursed on him with all that I had. My body bucked. It was such a fantastic rapture to have him spurting all that jizz into my snatch. I worked at his cock, wanting to have every drop of his spunk filling me up.

Hayward-Sama! I moaned, my body quivering.

Yes! he grunted.

He erupted into my pussy. He filled up my cunt. It was so amazing having him filling me up with all that jizz. That was just such a wondrous moment. I felt so good. I collapsed into his chest. His hands stroked me up and down my back.

I quivered there. So far from home. I hadn't even said goodbye to my family. I had to contact them. They would understand when I told them Lord Hayward had chosen me. I quivered, loving him in my pussy. I felt so complete.

I was born to be his shrine maiden. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nancy Heres

It was growing quiet in the house. I couldn't sleep. My sister was giving birth to her new daughter. My nephew had retried with Bella and Kylie. The new shrine maiden had been shown to her room by Cali and would have a proper uniform.

I stared at the Seductress bound up. My hands itched to whip her ass. She infuriated me. She had caused so many problems for us, and now she was a part of the harem. The Demon-Maid was too dangerous to be let free.

I sauntered to her, the golden dildo hanging on the wall by where she knelt. 

Mistress, the Seductress said, keeping her head lowered. She knew better than to mouth off to me. She wouldn't want to be punished. I am glad you and Master returned safely.

No, you're not, I said, moving up before her and conjuring a whip of fire. 

What a terrible thing to say, Mistress. She lifted her head to stare up at me. My sister's face with those inhuman, black eyes. She smiled up at me. Mmm, it's been too days since you punished me.

Such a demonic slut, I groaned and grabbed a fistful of her blonde hair. I yanked her head toward my pussy. Your tongue should only be used for one thing.

Yes, Mistress, she cooed as I pressed her into my shaved snatch.

The Seductress licked my pussy. Her tongue flicked through my folds. I groaned at that touch. A wave of delight washed through me as she stroked her tongue through my folds. I groaned at how great it felt while I stared at her ass. 

She devoured me, her hands bounced behind her back above that ass. That pale rump. She thrust her tongue into my snatch. She swirled it around in me as I gripped my fiery lash. I shuddered, my maid's uniform rustling.

I flicked my wrist and cracked the fiery whip across her rump.

She groaned into my pussy as the first red welt blossomed across the Demon-Maid's rump. She rubbed her face into my pussy, smearing her lips around. Her tongue flicked through my folds and brushed my clit.

I shuddered at that as I drew back my arm. The whip flashed out, a streak of fire that slapped across both her butt-cheeks. 

CRACK! 

The Seductress moaned into my pussy. Her tongue danced around in my snatch as I drew back my arm again. 

CRACK!

Mistress! the Seductress moaned. 

They were lax on you, I groaned, my body trembling. They didn't whip that ass of yours and remind you who rules you!

You and Master! moaned the Seductress. 

CRACK!

Yes! I hissed, my cunt clenching about her tongue. That's who rules your wicked ass! 

CRACK! 

She groaned again, her tongue sweeping about in my snatch. She danced it around in me, sending such delight rushing through me. I groaned at this bliss. It was magnificent to enjoy. A wave of heat washed over me. I groaned at the delight surging through me. 

CRACK! 

Mistress, she moaned into my cunt, her ass crisscrossed in welts. My whip hissed through the air.

CRACK! 

I slapped it on her ass. 

CRACK! 

Again. 

CRACK! 

And again.

CRACK! 

I took such satisfaction in her moans and gasps into my pussy as I spanked her wicked ass. The Seductress rubbed her lips into my vulva, massaging me. 

Her tongue flicked through my folds. She brushed my clit. Sparks flared. I shuddered, savoring that delight. My heart screamed in my chest as the pleasure built and built in me. I swung my whip as I trembled through the swelling bliss. 

CRACK! 

The growing pressure in my cunt. 

CRACK!

Yes, yes, you dirty Demon-Maid! I snarled.

CRACK! 

You infernal slut! Eat my cunt! I'm going to cum so hard! Just drown you in pussy cream! 

CRACK!

She nibbled on my clit. 

CRACK! 

Suckled hard on my bud.

CRACK!

I trembled, my orgasm building and building as she moaned around my naughty pearl. The whip left her ass glowing red. Her golden manacles rustled.

CRACK! 

The whip curved around her rump and struck her pussy. She gasped, her black eyes widening. She squealed around my clit as her paingasm burst in her. I loved the vibrations around my clit as the Demon-Maid trembled there.

Mistress! Yes! she moaned. 

You wicked, demonic whore! I gasped, my boobs jiggling in my uniform. The pleasure burst in me.

I gasped and shuddered as the ecstasy swept through me. My cunt convulsed, juices gushing out and bathing the Demon-Maid's lips. I shuddered, stars flashing across my vision. I loved this bliss washing through me. 

You dirty slut! I hissed. I own you! You're mine!

Yours, Mistress! she gasped. Command me!

I trembled through the rapture. Every day I broke her down. I turned her more and more into my submissive slave. I bent her to my will and thus to Master Lance's. My nephew owned me, so he owned her through me.

Yes, yes, yes, I squealed, stars flashing across my vision as her tongue flicked through my folds. Lick up my pussy juices!

Yes, Mistress, moaned the Seductress. They're so delicious! Thank you for bathing me in them! 

She lapped up my pussy juices. She stroked her tongue through my folds, driving me wild. I bucked, my maid's uniform rustling as the waves of ecstasy swept through me. She feasted on me with her hunger. I groaned as ground my shaved twat on her face.

Fuck! I hissed, the pleasure sweeping through me.

Her delicious tongue lapped at my pussy. She stroked over me. It was incredible having her do that. She nursed on me with passion. It was an incredible delight having her licking and lapping at me. She stroked over me with all that passion. It was perfect.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's so good. That's just amazing.

I hit the peak of my orgasm. The Demon-Maid tongued my pussy. She flicked over my folds, sending such heat rushing through me. I felt so good. A big smile spread on my lips as I enjoyed this moment. I stroked my fingers through her hair.

That was wondrous, I groaned. Mmm, aren't you just a dirty slut.

Your dirty slut, Mistress, she moaned as I pulled away from her, my fiery lash vanishing.

I smiled as I sauntered around her on my heels, pussy cream dripping down my thighs to soak the tops of my white stockings. I stared at her ass, admiring the red lines crisscrossing her rump. They wouldn't last long. They faded far, far too quickly from her demonic ass.

I grabbed the strap-on hanging from the wall, the golden dildo and its matching harness. My Master-Nephew's power concentrated into physical form. Like the manacles binding her hands. She was too dangerous to let go. She had to be broken first.

I stepped into the harness, humming as I slipped one leg and then the other through the harness. I worked it up and up my legs. I loved the feel of the golden metal against me. This wave of heat surged through me. I felt so wicked as I worked it up my legs until the base of the dildo pressed on my clit.
Power sparked from the dildo into my bud.

Yes, I breathed, shuddering. My uniform rustled. My skirt draped over the base of the golden lance thrusting out before me. Mmm, you ready for your next ass-fucking, slut?

Always, Mistress, she moaned. Oh, yes, yes, ram our Master's power into my asshole, Mistress! Tame me! I've been so, so naughty!

Yes, you have, I said, dropping onto my knees. I slapped the dildo onto her rump.

She sucked in a breath. 

I smiled at that small bit of pain I caused her before I shifted the dildo down into her butt-crack. I nuzzled it right into her asshole. I drilled against her anal ring. She groaned as I did that. Her asshole widened and widened for me. I pushed and pushed on her, my clit throbbing from the pressure.

Mistress, she moaned as I drilled against her backdoor. Dominate me! Master me, Mistress!

I gripped her hips and thrust harder. The base of the dildo massaged my clit and pussy lips. I groaned at the pleasure as I felt her asshole give. The pressure swelled for one moment. She groaned and gasped as the dildo plunged into her asshole.

Master Lance's power buried into her anal sheath. I groaned as I drilled my Master-Nephew's golden magic into the Demon-Maid's asshole. She groaned as I sank deeper and deeper into her bowels. It was fantastic.

Just a delicious moment. I savored that wondrous pleasure. The heat swept through me. It was a fantastic ecstasy. I loved this delight. I savored this rapture sweeping through my body as I buried the dildo into her asshole. My clit throbbed in delight.

I gripped her hips firmly and drew back. She moaned, the golden manacles rattling. They bit into her wrists as I slammed the dildo back into her asshole. She moaned, her blonde hair tossing as she quivered there. She pressed her face into the floor.

Mistress! she groaned as I pounded her asshole with the golden dildo. Oh, mistress, yes, yes, that's it. Dominate my ass!

I smiled, my hands gripping her sides. My fingernails bit into her flesh as I fucked her hard and fast. I pounded her with everything that I had. My clit burst with sparks. Pleasure rippled through me as I fucked into her asshole again and again.

I hammered her hard. Fast. I fucked her with everything that I had. I buried my dildo into her bowels, reveling in this passion. My clit throbbed. Sparks burst. I groaned, fucking the Demon-Maid as hard as I could.

I sodomized her.

I buggered her with the golden dildo.

Yes! I hissed, my fingernails digging into her hips. Her welted rump jiggled as my crotch smacked into her. Take our Master's power, you wanton slut!

Mistress! she moaned. Oh, yes, yes, that wondrous power! Ooh, fuck me with it! Give me Master's glorious power. Oh, I love it!

I slammed hard into her, my skirt rustling. Lacy petticoats whispered against the silk skirt. My boobs bounced in my bodice. I groaned, fucking her with such passion. I loved every last second of burying into her anal sheath. It was fantastic.

My clit throbbed. The pressure in my pussy grew and grew with each plunge of the dildo into her asshole. I swelled toward that amazing passion. I loved how I fucked her hard and fast. It was just such a delight to fuck her anal sheath with my dildo.

You dirty slut! I hissed. Yes, yes, cum on Master's golden power!

Yes, Mistress! she moaned. I'm almost there! The manacles rattled. Keep fucking me! You're amazing, Mistress! The best!

I smiled and slammed to the hilt in her anal sheath. I buried deep and hard into her bowels with the dildo. The pressure on my clit swelled. I was so close to cumming. I churned up her asshole, my pussy dripping juices down my thighs.

She gasped out in rapture. Her head tossed, blonde hair flying. Mistress!

Demonic slut! I snarled as her body shook in orgasmic pleasure. I buried the dildo to the hilt in her. The dildo pressed on my clit in such a wondrous way. Yes!

I threw back my head and climaxed. My pussy convulsed as the hot fire burned through me. It raged through my body, my cunt convulsing as the heat swept through my flesh. It was incredible devouring me. I loved every last second of the righteous flames sweeping through me.

Mistress! Mistress!

Yes, you are my little demon-slut! I hissed, the pleasure burning across my thoughts.

Yours!

I shuddered through the rapture. The euphoric flames blazed across my mind. They burned so hot. They swept through me. Stars flashed across my vision. I enjoyed every last second of this delight. My breasts jiggled in my bodice. 

The flames burned hotter in me. My juices soaked my stockings. I felt incredible. I groaned, my strawberry-blonde hair sweeping about my shoulders. The fires burned so hot then flared out. I panted, savoring this delight.

My hands stroked over her manacles, stroking the golden metal.

You shouldn't play with those, Mistress, the Seductress said. You don't want to release me when Master Hayward isn't around to control me.

An amused smile played on my lips. I'm not good enough to dominate you even if you were free.
No. You're not Master Hayward.

I snorted and slapped her rump. I am fully aware of that, Demon.

I ripped the dildo out of her asshole and rose. She glanced back at me, her black eyes watching me. She smiled at me. She quivered there, looking so happy from being whipped and fucked in the ass by me. She was right. It was too dangerous to release her. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

Master-Daddy, a soft voice whispered. Master-Daddy, wake up.

Mmm, I groaned, hugging a pillow to my face.

Master-Daddy, good morning, the soft voice whispered. She wasn't quite familiar to me.

You're my new daughter, I said without opening my eyes. Number five.

Serena, Master-Daddy, she said. That's what Mommy named me. You're sleeping in quite late, but I just have to make love to you. I have the bronze garter. I know how much you love your daughters. And Mommy.

I suppose you remember me breeding your mother on the plane, I said, opening my eyes to stare at Serena's face. She had blue eyes and brown hair.

That's the last memory of Mommy I have. She was staring at the shrine maiden as you took her from behind. You came in here and... Then it's me. She smiled. Would you like to take me from behind? Doggy style, Master-Daddy.

Would you? Mom purred from behind me. That does sound delicious.

My fourteen-year-old daughter nodded. Please, Master-Daddy, please.

I pushed up and blinked. Didn't I go to bed with Bella?

She and your other chief maids are out recruiting pilots, Mom said. She was naked, her big boobs swaying as she stood at the foot of my bed. It's past noon. You've been asleep for a while. Bella didn't want us waking, but... Really, Master, this is getting ridiculous.

I can't sleep in on a Saturday? I asked, sitting up.

It's Monday, she said with amusement. Now up and fuck your newest Daughter-Maid. She's so eager for it. She's been begging for me to wake you up all morning. She has more than a little of Kylie in her.

Serena grinned at me. Please, please, Master-Daddy, fuck me!

I smiled and sat up, my cock so hard. I stretched my back and yawned as Serena got into position. She definitely had our mother's memories as she got into position and wiggled her rump at me. She had a fine down of brown hair over her virgin pussy. Her rump was cute, too.

I pressed my cock onto Serena's bush and found the lips of her virgin pussy. I loved the silky feel of her against me as I pushed against her hymen She groaned as I did that. It was a wonderful moment to feel her maidenhead stretching until...

Her cherry popped.

Master-Daddy! she squealed as I penetrated her deflowered pussy.

Damn, I groaned as I sank into my fifth daughter's pussy. I was halfway to having a full roster of them while the other categories were filling up, too. Oh, damn, that's good.

So good, Master-Daddy. Serena trembled as I bottomed out in her bowels. Ooh, ooh, that's amazing!

Yes, it is. I gripped her hips and drew back my dick. Her hot pussy gripped me. She massaged me as Mom moved along the bed and knelt there. She hefted her boob. Breakfast?

She winked at me as I ducked my head down. 

My stomach rumbled as I latched into her nipple. I suckled on her nub. Milk gushed out of her nipple and into my mouth. I loved the flavor. The creamy delight of my mother's breast milk flooded over my taste buds. I whimpered as I pumped away at my daughter's deflowered pussy.

I gulped down my mother's breast milk, loving swallowing every creamy drop I could. It was just such a wonderful moment to fuck into Serena's tight, silky cunt while gulping down my mother's delicious breast milk. My hungry stomach welcomed the creamy meal.

 Mmm, that's it, Mom purred as I suckled more milk from her nipple. Mmm, Master, you need to keep your energy up and eat a full meal!

That's right, Master-Daddy, cooed Serena, her cunt clenching about me. And Mommy loves it. I can remember every time she's nursed you before. She is so happy doing it!

So happy, Mom said, her hand stroking through my hair. I love you, Master.

I groaned around her nipple. I loved her, too. I fucked Serena with hard strokes. I pounded her cunt, gripping her pussy. She had the memories of me fucking Mom like this on the plane. My daughter could take it. Was taking it.

She squeezed her cunt down around my cock as I pumped away at her. I fucked into her snatch over and over again. I loved how great she felt around my cock. She had such a delicious pussy. I plowed into her twat over and over again. I savored the feel of her around me.

She wiggled her hips from side to side, stirring my cunt around my dick. She massaged me with that hot flesh. I loved it so much as I breastfed from Mom. I suckled down her creamy treat, the pressure in my nuts building and building with each stroke into that hot cunt.

I fucked into her with force. I buried into her twat with everything that I had. I pounded her with fast strokes as the creamy milk flowed down my throat and warmed my belly. My nuts slapped into my daughter's bush, the pressure building in them.

Oh, Master-Daddy, that's so good, she moaned. Ooh, ooh, that's just amazing. I love your cock, Master-Daddy! 

Mmm, it's so wonderful, Mom groaned. Oh, Master, fuck our daughter. She's another miracle we made.
I groaned my agreement and plunged my cock to the hilt in
 my Daughter-Maid's cunt. I fucked to the hilt in her snatch. I churned her up with such force. I buried to the hilt in her cunt again and again. I loved that delight I savored every last moment of fucking into her cunt. It was spectacular.

She squeezed her snatch around my cock. She wiggled her hips, stirring that hot twat around my dick. I loved it. Her pussy massaged my shaft and swelled me closer and closer to cumming. I moaned around Mom's nipple.

I suckled hard. More milk flooded my mouth.

Master-Daddy! whimpered my little girl. Her pussy clamped down hard on my dick. She felt amazing about me. I groaned as I buried to the hilt in her. Yes!

My fifth daughter's hot pussy rippled around me. The incestuous thrill of my Daughter-Maid's cunt spasming around me swept through me. It felt so incredible. I loved that so much. The ecstasy swept through my mind. Stars flashed before my eyes.

Yes! I growled, ripping my mouth from my mother's nipple. I buried to the hilt in Serena's snatch and erupted.

Master-Daddy! she gasped as I flooded her cunt with all my jizz.

I filled her to the brim with my jizz, the melony aftertaste of Mom's breast milk filling my mouth. I grunted, gripping my Daughter-Maid's hips. I held her tight as the pleasure slammed through me. All this incredible delight swept through me. It was perfect. Just a wonderful rapture.

I groaned through all that amazing bliss. It was so wondrous. I shuddered there, savoring all this pleasure. It was an incredible rush to have pumped my cum into her pussy. I might be breeding her. I surely had knocked up a few maids beside Bella.

Damn, I groaned, the pleasure rushing through me. It was a fabulous delight. I loved the bliss. I savored the ecstasy sweeping through my body.Serena!

Master-Daddy! she moaned, her hot cunt spasming around my dick.

She suckled me dry I grunted, pumping blast after blast of cum into her pussy. I trembled through all that bliss. It was just an amazing moment. A wonderful ecstasy. I shuddered, gripping my daughter's hips and firing that last spurt of cum into her pussy.

Master-Daddy, she mewled.

Oh, damn, that's good, I panted, feeling amazing. I glanced at Mom and felt that urge. Well, we have to make another daughter, don't we?

She grinned from ear to ear. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kylie Hayward

Ms. Docea pulled the SUV up at the small building at the airport where our plane was parked. I stretched my back. The four of us were here to recruit four pilots into Master Big Bro's harem. That way if we had to fly halfway around the world, the pilots could relieve each other.

These were very important maids.

The agency that we rented the pilots from had supplied us with seven female pilots. That was all they had. Ms. Docea had set it up, the agency's rep babbling about how they had plenty of qualified male pilots, but there was a dearth of female pilots. 

I had to ask what dearth meant.

I hopped out of the SUV, smoothing my skirt. Aunt Nancy and Bella were with us. All us chief maids had to recruit our maids. Mom was lucky. She just made them with Master-Big Bro. I hoped to make a daughter with my big brother. Part of me wanted to hold out my last garter for her, but she wouldn't be a maid for fourteen years. That was too long to wait.

A man greeted us and led us to the interview room. He was so cooperative. The magic of Hayward Manor at work.

Inside were seven candidates. They were all in pilot uniforms, blue slacks or skirts with white blouses with epaulets that had two or three gold stripes on them. They all smiled, though a few of them were not not what we were looking for.

Okay, okay, said Ms. Docea. Let's have your names and let us get a look at you.

First, are there any virgins? I asked to the group of women who the youngest was in her late twenties.

None of them were great. Why did I come? I slumped into a chair. I knew it was a long shot, but... A virgin MILF would be so hot. I mean, she wouldn't be a real MILF, but a mature and sexy virgin would be so much fun. 

Oh, well.

Janet Varsity was a blonde with big boobs. She was the youngest of the pilots with a radiant smile.
Esmerelda Jimenez had golden-brown skin and glasses perched on her nose.

Dara Bigsby had a butch haircut and a pinched face.

Lily Myers was a slender redhead with a bubbly smile. 

Estella Rayne had gray hair and a wrinkled face. She had been a pilot for a long time.

Carmen Black had black hair and a sultry smile, her tits nearly as big as Janet's.

And Iris Devim was a plain woman with her brown hair in a spinster bun.

Well, have fun, I said, though I knew Dara and Estelle were out right away. We wanted hot women for the harem. It didn't matter if Dara was a lesbian or just liked the butch look, but she just wasn't attractive, and Estelle... Too wrinkly. 

Aunt Nancy marched right up to Carmen, looking her up and down. Aren't you just a slut. How wild do you get on layovers?

She grinned from ear to ear. You would not believe the things I've done. The best one-night stands are when there's no way you'll ever see them again because you'll be in a different country in a few hours.

Aunt Nancy produced an orange garter. Carmen stripped at once, revealing a racy red bra and matching thong. I got the appeal. She was a sexy delight. I felt that juicy itch in between my thighs as Bella took Lily's left hand.

You're married, Bella said.

Seven years, Lily said, smiling. 

That's perfect to make it work with your job that long, Bella said and produced a green garter. She removed Lily's wedding ring before the woman started stripping. Welcome to Master Lance's harem.

Ms. Docea went to Esmerelda, going right to the nerd in glasses. Well, a sexy nerd. What sort of education do you have?

I got a master's in Aeronautic Engineering before I joined the Air Force, Esmerelda said. I was ROTC.

So you don't just fly planes, but understand them. Perfect. Ms. Docea pulled out her garter and another pilot was stripping naked, the remaining four nonplussed by it.

Aunt Nancy glanced at the Plain Jane pilot, considering her. No, no, you're too straight-laced, but blondie... You were a sorority slut once upon a time.

Blonde Janet smiled. Jello shots and marshmallow wrestling.

What was that? Well, it didn't matter because she had an orange garter thrust at her. I sighed and rose. We were done here. The four pilots picked out. I mean, Iris was borderline. I bet if she took her hair down, she would be pretty, but my fellow maids didn't want her.

The new pilots stripped naked and quivered as their new garters were on them. That brought Bella up to having nine Concubine-Maids, Ms. Docea seven Nerd-Maids, and Aunt Nancy eight Slut-Maids. I was sitting at eight myself. Two more virgins to find.

What if I could find a pair of virgin twins? Ooh, I should consider going on the hunt through the schools for that. Twin virgin maids. It was a dream that I just wanted to satisfy now that I had it in my mind. 

I hummed as I walked out with the others, slapping Janet on the ass. Welcome to the harem, slut!

I'm so glad to be here, Janet said. To fly for Master Lance is such an honor.

Yes, it is, I said, glancing at Lily breaking up with her husband. He would understand that she was needed by Master Lance. He would accept it like every other husband of a wife recruited for the harem had. 

People just understood that Master Lance was saving the world, and that was more important than marriages or jobs or anything else. We were special.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Huntsmen

The Huntsmen studied the Hay.

The ancient being sat astride his white horse as he eyed the glowing wall. A distortion had appeared. A patch of black. A weakness that begged to be exploited. He stretched his back, memories of coursing through the mortal world on his hunts filled him with eagerness.

To once more collect the souls of the brave and the foolish. To usher them beyond and to transform them into something else. His hounds. He heeled his horse and approached the Hay. This slight flaw would not give right away.

He would have to work at it.

He had patience.

A huntsmen sometimes had to lie in wait for days for his prey to appear. For that one moment of vulnerability. The Lord of the Hay would make a satisfying trophy after what he had done to the Huntsman's wife.

How he had violated his queen and put horns on the Huntsmen.

Heeling his horse, the Huntsmen approached the Hay to begin his patient work to get back to the other side.

To be continued...
