Everything about Kat Little was small. Her shoes were small. Her hands were small. Her blonde hair was cut into a short bob that framed her face. Her glasses were tiny ovals that perched upon her petit nose. She wore a short navy skirt that covered her small rear, and a tight white blouse with short sleeves that cuffed high on her biceps. She took a deep breath--which lifted her small but full breasts--as she stood outside of Madame Gagnon's Clairvoyance Parlor. She was 5' 2", and a little nervous.
Everything about Kat Little was small. But her one obsession was massive.
The door jangled as Kat closed it behind her, and the smell of incense, old books, burnt sage, and candles filled her nose. The wooden floors creaked as she took in the dimly lit room. Once it was home to tax preparers or a travel agency or a vitamin supplement pyramid scheme, but the decor of tapestries, skulls, totems, and leather bound books gave this office space an ancient mystique. As if the city had been built around it.
From the back hallway, light, slow footsteps heralded --Kat hoped-- Madame Gagnon. A tall woman emerged. Slender and almost snake-like, with a long neck, long arms and legs, Madame Gagnon slinked into the room. Her jet-black hair cascaded down her shoulders, and chest in unbroken lines. She wore a long red silk robe, loosely tied at the waist, creating a deep V of skin from her collar bones down to her navel. She stopped early in the room, far from the timid little woman who had entered her sanctum, and smirked.
"I've been expecting you." Madame Gagnon said, her words dripping with a deep french accent.
"Y-you have? You know why I'm here?" Kat asked a little louder than she usually spoke --she wanted to be heard over the sound of her pounding heart.
Madame Gagnon's expression sank and she inspected her sharp nails. "I say that to everyone who comes in. You are no fun. We are closed. I don't want you here. Goodbye." Madame Gagnon waved Kat off and turned back to her back hallway.
"I'm looking for the Passion of Poseidon." Kat blurted.
Madame Gagnon stopped in her tracks, and reversed her turn. The deep red lipstick on her mouth turned up as her calligraphic eyebrows pointed down.
"What," the tall woman took a fluid step toward Kat, "do _you_ know about the Passion of Poseidon?"
"As much as I could learn." Kat pushed her glasses up the bridge of her cute nose and looked down at her small feet. "I've been searching for it for five years, since I read a single sentence about it while studying Greek Mythology in college."
 _"The Passion of Poseidon shook the world in an orgasmic cataclysm."_ Madame Gagnon involuntarily whispered.
"Yes!" Kat leapt forward excitedly. "I've read every book I can find on Greek Mythology. I've studied the diaries of Dr. Contos in Macedonia, and I've visited the walls of the Apidima Cave. In Xanthi I believe I uncovered the eight words to unlock the Passion. I...I come to you, because I found an article about you from twenty years ago. In it you briefly mentioned your Orphic worship. I thought I would come and see if you held the final piece of my search."
With a slinky quickness, Madame Gagnon slipped behind Kat, placed her slender fingers on Kat's back and started rubbing lightly. The tall woman placed her lush lips next to Kat's sensitive ear and whispered, "Are you sure you want to unleash the Passion of Poseidon?"
Without warning, Kat's head started to swim as if she had been drinking for hours. "Yes," she whispered.
Madame Gagnon's hands slid up to Kat's shoulders, and swirled up her neck, which made Kat dizzier. "To unleash such power should not be taken lightly." Kat began to tingle from her ears down her spine, to between her legs. "Orphic Mysticism, the search for supernatural ecstasy, will transform your life forever."
Kat, breathing heavily gasped "I want to be changed....please, Madame."
Kat writhed with pleasure as Madame Gagnon's hands moved to the front of Kat's body. It felt like the clairvoyant had grown many arms and was touching her body in many places at once, her delicate neck, her soft tummy, her tingling ears. Fingers laced her own. Fingers slid around the edges of her nipples. Fingers slid up her thighs under her skirt and over her panties.
"Vregméno," Madame Gagnon whispered, licking Kat's ear, "gia pánta!"
In an instant Kat's foggy head cleared. The warm spring breeze blew against her skin. She stood on a sidewalk in front of a large museum, in what city, she didn't recognize. An undeniable urge to enter the museum drew her to start walking up the stone steps to the door.
Walking through the echoing marble halls of the museum, Kat passed statuary, suits of armor, and old musty paintings. She'd never been here before, didn't know how she got there, but knew exactly where to walk.
Through a labyrinthine set of twists and turns, up stairs to a wing away from most patrons, Kat's feet and pounding heart lead her. As she walked she couldn't help but notice all the sensations she had felt in Madame Gagnon's parlor had concentrated between her legs. Each step closer to her destination she felt herself tingle and buzz, and get wetter and wetter. She discreetly reached under her skirt and felt her panties. They were very damp.
Kat turned a corner and there it was...in the center of a large room with baroque paintings on the wall, a marble statue of Poseidon, God of the Sea. He sat with one leg up on a slab of rocks, and a cloth draped over his shoulder, holding a long, thick trident. His bearded face looked off into the distance. A large erect penis emerged from the sculpted fabric across his lap.
Without thinking, Kat hooked her thumbs under the elastic of her panties under her skirt and pulled them to the floor, stepping out of them. As soon as she was walking away from them, she thought it was odd she had done it. She was not alone in the room.
A young straight couple in their 20's on their first date stood in front of a painting on the room's west wall. An elderly straight couple were sitting on a bench next to where Kat removed her undies, and had noticed her disrobing. Two gay friends in their 30's stood on the other side of the statue pointing out the sculptural qualities of Posiedon's back.
A guard in his 20's stood in a corner, and hadn't noticed Kat's discarded garment yet. He did notice when Kat began to climb the statue.
"Ma'am, no touching!" he called out, which immediately drew the attention of those who had not noticed Kat in her trance yet. "Ma'am!" he called out again and walked swiftly over to Kat.
Kat reached Poseidon's face as the security guard reached out and grabbed her small ankle.
"The flight of the aroused," Kat whispered the eight words to invoke the Passion of Poseidon, "to the aroused." As the final words passed her lips, she kissed the sculpted god's cold stone lips. Three fast heart beats passed and then the solid stone seemed to soften. It felt to Kat as if the sculpture's lips had come to life, and were now kissing her lips back.
Kat pulled her lips away from the statue. Everyone in the room had gathered around the spectacle. The guard still tugged at her ankle. The statue's eyes glowed a vibrant blue, and suddenly Kat felt the power of the Passion of Poseidon fill her.
It was the purest form of passion. No self-conscious feelings about her body. No sentimentality or love toward another person. No constraints on physicality or imagination. Pure lust only for the sake of pleasure. She felt every pleasurable touch, kiss, bite, or lick she had ever received. Every cock, pussy, tongue, finger, nose, foot, ass, breast, nipple, tummy, neck, or leg she had ever enjoyed. Then she felt every sensation that had yet to come fill her body and pulse.
Parallel universes opened their gates to Kat, and every missed opportunity --every cute guy on an airplane, discreet glance from a girl at the library, each and every possible pleasurable sexual encounter that could have been-- flooded her nerves.
Pure ecstasy vibrated from the top of Kat's head to the ends of her cute toes. The vibrations began to concentrate. Wavelengths from all this pleasure, passion, and lust converged between Kat's legs. Her pussy throbbed with the potential of a million orgasms. Her pussy was so wet and slick. The room filled with the sweet musty scent of her juices.
Kat lowered, and her pussy slid perfectly around the erect stone cock of the statue. No resistance, just a cool sensation from the stone that felt perfect against her warm vulva. An orgasmic pulse rolled over her body, and escaped her mouth with a loud moan. The sound filled the stone-walled room and resonated in the skulls of each of the other people in the room.
Kat began to slide smoothly up and down the statue's large cock, riding it with a grace and rhythm unknown to her in her waking life.
Her sonic boom of a moan had transmitted the Passion of Poseidon to the seven other adults in the room, and like Kat before them, they experienced every moment of lust they had ever experienced; and every potential moment of lust that could have been; and every sexy moment to come in their lives. Their bodies vibrated with a harmonious pleasure and the spell took over their minds and bodies.

The straight couple in their 20's were both nervous on this first date. They were classmates in college, and each had crushes on each other, but were too scared to make the first move. A mutual friend had invited both of them to the museum that day, but then _conveniently_ cancelled as the two of them waited together on the museum steps. They had figured out their friend's machinations, laughed and blushed, and decided to proceed with their outing. He had mustered up the courage to take her hand while walking down the hall toward the room they were in now. Their hearts beat so fast as their skin touched for the first time.
Now they looked into each others' eyes and could read everything the other wanted. He grew hard, and she grew wet. She took his hand and pulled him toward her, and they kissed passionately, like every romantic comedy they had yet to learn the other loved so much. They pulled each other's clothes off with an urgency, and she lay in her underwear ontop of the discarded clothes. His hands explored her wetness, and her hands explored his stiff cock.
They kissed passionately as he entered her slowly. Their hips moved in perfect unison as they made love on the museum floor, staring into each other's eyes.

The gay men in their 30's had been friends for years, and were always there for the other when one was dealing with heartache. They were attracted to each other, but their friendship was so deep, neither had ever wanted to ruin it by making a move they could not take back.
Now the larger of the two scooped his arms around his smaller friend from behind. He started biting and kissing his friend's neck, and unbuckled his belt. The smaller friend turned around as his pants and boxers were discarded to the floor, and he dropped to his knees, and undid his larger friend's pants, releasing a giant thickening cock.
The smaller friend took his friend's hard dick into his watering mouth, started to pump it. The larger friend moaned loudly. He spat a large wad of saliva onto his fingers, and leaned forward, and smeared his slippery saliva over his smaller friend's asshole. The smaller friend's moans from feeling sliperry fingers over his sensitive hole vibrated the larger friend's cock.
The larger man pulled his cock out of his friend's mouth, and turned him around, and forced him onto all fours. He mounted his small friend easily, sliding his slippery cock into his friend's lubed up asshole. The smaller friend smiled and cried out "yes!" He began pounding his friend's ass.

How long had it been for the elderly couple since they last had sex? Sure, they still kissed each other good morning and goodnight, but both of their libidos had slowly faded over decades of marriage. Which is not to say any feelings of love had been lost, they still had strong affection for each other.
Now their feelings of lust came back with a fever, and they pulled clothes off each other without any concern for ageist opinions on wrinkles or sagging skin. Their bodies were far from ideals of luciousness or virility, but they found each other uncontrollably sexy. They kissed passionately, and groped at each other like they had early in their relationship.
They had never talked about it, but both of their favorite nights were the ones in which he had focused on pleasuring her, even at the expense of his own sexual satisfaction. So this afternoon in the museum, after some fun foreplay, he climbed between her thick legs, and began to lick her labia's lips. He was slow and passionate about it, enjoying the soft folds almost as much as she enjoyed the sensations his tongue's pressure caused. She squirmed and moaned as he introduced his fingers into the massage of her increasingly wet lips.
Her juices smell was so familiar though he had not smelled her this wet for years. It was intoxicating and he had no interest in being quick in his licking and lapping, prodding or rubbing. She was in heaven, soaking up all of the pleasurable massages he was giving.

The Security Guard had grabbed Kat's ankle to try to get her off of the statue. He then feared it was his pulling that caused her to slide onto the statue's cock. But a moment later, those concerns had slipped away. Now he held the most perfect ankle he had ever touched in his life. He peeled off Kat's shoe and sock and lightly caressed her foot and toes.
He took her big toe in his mouth and sucked and licked and nibbled on it. He moved on to her other toes, enjoying each cute toe. He continued to kiss and lick up her foot. Pure joy filled his heart, and blood filled his cock. He took his time worshiping Kat's foot.
He finally reached her ankle...that perfect ankle, and he gave the boney part one single kiss. It felt as if that was all he ever wanted in his life. He kissed it again, a little more passionately. And again. What strange hypnosis came over him, he could not get enough of this ankle. Soon he was kissing it passionately and enjoying every moment. His hips bucked back and forth, his cock brushing back and forth on the fabric of his underwear that constricted it.

As Kat rode the statue's cock, every thrust, or shift in her hips felt like the most amazing sensation she had ever felt in her life. The guard kissing her foot and anke felt so good.
Kat's ears burned red. Her nose was full of the sweetest smelling perfume. Her nipples buzzed with excitement. Her rear radiated with pleasure. Her hands explored her own body, and treasured her shape and smooth skin. Her fingers made their way to her pussy, wrapped around the firm thick cock of the sculpture.
She could hardly stand the sensations, but then she accidentally tapped her clit with her slender finger. A seizmic pulse washed through her and the other people in the room, and they gave out a sudden moan in unison.
Amused and curious, she tried again. A single tap of her clit, and everyone in the room shuddered with an orgasm.
Kat looked into the eyes of the statue and it seemed to be smiling at her as she continued to ride it. Sweating from her bucking up and down on the stone cock, she smiled back, licked the tips of her fingers, and deliberately placed them on her slick clit. She began to rub.
Instead of the sudden orgasm, everyone in the room felt a sustained and growing pleasure building inside of them. Kat's rubbing increased and everyone began a sustained moan that echoed off the stone walls of the room.
The pleasure grew and grew and grew until it seemed like Kat's head would explode.
The eyes of the couple in their 20's were locked on each other when they came in unison. Her pussy muscles squeezed around his cock, and he came deep inside of her.
The gay friends in their 30's were pounding hard when the larger friend pulled out of the smaller one, and in unison they wrapped their hands around eachother's cocks, stroked, and came in unison. The smaller man's cum sprayed out into the room. The larger friend came hard, and the cum splashed on his friend's back.
The elderly woman panted and moaned so loudly and so quickly as her husband's tongue found her clit, and played with her little pleasure button he missed so much. She shuddered and the muscles of her pussy contracted, and he felt her cumming, and it felt so perfect.
The guard came in his pants. Cum gushing in his underwear, and dribbling down his leg. He gave Kat's ankle a few more kisses.
Kat's orgasm was unlike anything she had ever felt. An eternity of pleasure wrapped into a single explosion that bounced from one end of her nerves to the other and back again. She only saw red as her pussy convulsed over and over and over again.
The seven people in the museum room slowly came to their senses, and started to put their clothes back on. They helped each other off the ground, and handed articles of clothes to each other. They sheepishly laughed about what happened, no one entirely sure what in fact had happened.
As they all left the room, the outside world seemed to have no knowledge of what transpired. It's as if the Passion of Poseidon not only caused them to have a magically orgasmic experience, but it protected them from outside interference.
Kat left the museum forever changed by her discovery. Sexually and personally more confident, she restarted her life that day, resolved to live with a lust for everything, including life.