Bored at Home
by MichaelGraves©


My name is Maria and I'm an exhibitionist. I have always been a big flirt and 
love the attention of men staring at me so much that at times I have gotten 
horny over the idea of it. Grabbing their attention isn't hard for me since, 
like many Latino women, I have long black hair, a voluptuous ass and an ample 
set of breasts on my five foot seven body. My 38C cup would be hard to hide even 
if I wanted to. 

I don't go out looking to show myself off but whenever I get bored it starts. I 
will start flirting with some guy, showing a little leg, letting him look down 
my shirt, whatever, just for the excitement and rush that I get from exposing 
myself to strangers.

One Saturday afternoon at home in my small apartment the power went out. No 
lights, no TV, no computer, nothing. It was approaching the hottest part of the 
day and summers in Florida get pretty nasty. My air conditioning was knocked out 
too so I went into my bedroom and tossed on a sleeveless tank top and some 
shorts in anticipation of how hot it was going to get in my apartment. Back in 
my living room I looked around and realized there was nothing to do. I heard a 
few voices outside and remembered that out apartment complex was being painted. 
That is when the little sexy demon inside me took over. I looked at what I was 
wearing and decided to change for the occasion. I looked for the smallest denim 
shorts I had, cutoffs that allow the bottom of my ass to peek out and a white 
bikini top that was a size too small for me, causing my tits to spill out of the 
top and sides.

I went outside and saw five Mexican guys working a few doors down from my place. 
They saw me approaching in my tiny shorts and boobs held back by my bikini top 
and almost immediately quit what they were doing. I hadn't said a word yet and 
was already enjoying this. A sly, cute smile placed itself on my face because I 
knew I would get these guys to do exactly as I was planning.

A few of them started talking to me in Spanish and I had to stop them. My 
grandparents were Brazilian and speak Portuguese, of which I know very little. I 
tried talking to them in English and they knew the language, which was fortunate 
as I didn't know how to pull off what I wanted to do otherwise. I commenced in 
some small talk, discussing the power going out, their painting, anything casual 
while hypnotically swaying my hips around in a combination of innocence and 
sexy. I had placed each of my thumbs into the pockets of my shorts gently 
resting my arms on my sides. A few times I pulled my arms inward forcing my 
breasts to stand out even further and when I released them they would bounce 
lightly. The temperature was in the upper 90's and the humidity was maddening, 
so it wasn't long before sweat began to bead on my skin. I continued the 
teasing, slowly running my fingers across the top of the exposed flesh on my 
chest, then licking my fingers coyly. I watched as several of them adjusted 
themselves in front of me, whether intentional or absent-minded I didn't care; I 
had them in complete control.

I told them that I was heading back to my apartment, off-handedly noting which 
one it was, to do some exercising. I gave them a cute little wave goodbye and 
strolled back to my place, soaking up the leers of the painters.

Inside, I went over to the front window and pretended to close the blinds, but 
in reality I carefully left enough space so that I could be watched. It would be 
a few minutes before the guys would come over and I was already getting wet 
thinking about what I was about to do. I wanted desperately to slide my hand 
down into my shorts and work off the growing arousal, but waiting a bit longer 
would give the guys a show and make my orgasm even better; so using as much self control as possible, I waited.

It was not long before a heard a small rustle of the bushes outside my window. 
Knowing I was being watched I started doing some warm-up stretches, still 
dressed in my denim shorts and bikini top.

With my back to the window I slowly bent over to stretch out my legs and give 
the workers a view of my long, bronze legs with a hint of butt showing. I held 
that way for a moment then turning around, I stood straight up and clasped both 
arms high above my head, leaning to one side then the other, putting my bosom on 
display for the prying eyes.

From how I arranged the blinds, I could not see directly out but was certain I 
was being watched as now I heard whispering outside the window. That was my cue to start the main attraction.

Slowly, teasingly, I guided my left hand towards the back knot of my white top. 
Moving in such a deliberate fashion was as much for my pleasure was it was for 
theirs. I wanted to feel every sensation, savor each moment. My fingers pulled 
at the string releasing the sides of my top, my breasts still covered from the 
front. I moved my right hand to the back of my neck, delicately caressing my own 
skin, heightening the sensation. I undid the top knot but held onto the string. 
I walked my hands down the front of my chest caressing my breasts as the bikini 
top fell to the floor. I rubbed my tits softly for a moment before allowing my 
hands continued their journey to my micro denim shorts. Undoing the button and 
gently gliding the zipper down I paused for a moment, keep my audience in 
suspense.

With joyous pleasure I slipped the shorts down my legs, embracing every inch of 
exposure, and kicked them off into a corner. I now stood completely naked for 
the voyeurs at my window. My nipples stood erect on my chest and my hairless 
pussy was getting wetter by the minute. I nearly lost all restraint, wanting to 
touch myself right there, but I wanted to play this out as long as possible for 
them--and for myself.

I sat down on the floor, with my side to the men now, and began some sit-ups. My 
tits, free from restraint, bounced with each movement upward. Hearing them talk 
to each other, I did my best not to look out the window as to pretend that their 
presence was unknown to me. I did my best to over exert the breathing, sounding 
as lovers do during passionate sex. I stood back up, again facing the window, 
legs spread apart. I reached up with one arm while bending the opposite knee, 
then switched, my left arm in the air and bending the other knee. My whole body 
was rocking back in forth like a dancer to sensuous music.

A hot breeze of air ran over my swollen mound making me bit my lower lip so not 
to moan out in ecstasy. My breathing grew heavier and I was forced to sit down 
lest I collapse from the sensation. I moved my legs out to their furthest and 
spread them apart pretending to touch my toes. In reality, I wanted the workers 
to see my full glory; my engorged pussy, my tits glistening from the sweat. I 
leaned back on my arms, tilted my head back and closed my eyes. I was totally 
exposed to these strangers and wanted to take in the feeling. I just laid there, 
showing everything, until my libido grew beyond control.

I looked out the window with lust in my eyes and moved my hand to my crotch. I 
began rubbing my pussy furiously with my mind racing over the excitement of what 
I was doing. I laid back on the floor and sliding my other hand to my nipples I 
began to pull at them. Applying pressure to them with my fingers and my other 
hand working magic at my pussy an unbelievably powerful orgasm exploded out of 
me. Between quick breaths I screamed in pleasure, my fingers still rubbing and 
pinching away dutifully.

After the intense climax I laid there on the hot floor for a while lost in the 
emotion of it all before rising up to take a shower. Between having no air 
conditioning and the masturbation I had gotten sticky. The cool water ran over 
my body as I kept thinking about what the men outside my window had seen. I had 
showed them the most intimate parts of my body and displayed the most 
mind-blowing orgasm of my life. My hands found themselves stroking at my pussy, 
once more aching for relief, this time thrusting in and out until I climaxed 
again.

I finished the shower, dried off and lay naked on my bed. Completely satisfied, 
I let my hands go where ever they pleased: walking over my stomach, cradling my 
breasts, gently tracing the contours of my legs, even teasing my bald crotch yet 
again, until I fell asleep. 



 