Entry tags:

fandom: merlin, fic: two weeks notice, genre: angst, genre: au, genre: drama, genre: fluff, genre: humor, genre: prompt/challenge response, genre: romance, pairing: merlin/arthur, rating: nc-17

Merlin's going away party was in full swing. There was music and balloons wishing him luck in cheerful bright lettering and even cake. The only thing missing was Merlin.

The door to Arthur's office clicked shut, drowning out the sounds of chatter coming from the office party. Merlin closed his eyes and leaned his head back against the solid wood. He doubted anyone would notice he'd slipped out of his own party, and even if they did, he doubted they'd mind. Merlin wasn't exactly the life of the party right now.

Merlin opened his eyes and heaved a sigh into the empty office. For the first time in the past year that Merlin could remember, Arthur hadn't come in to work today, and the place felt strangely subdued, as if even the glow from the fluorescent lights wasn't enough to illuminate the office without Arthur's shining presence to add to it. The flat had felt the same way when Arthur neglected to come home last night.

Home. Merlin needed to stop thinking about it like that, especially since he'd moved out all of his things that morning.

Merlin slowly walked up to Arthur's desk, tracing a finger over the edge. The polished wood grain was smooth under the pads of his fingers. Merlin hesitated a moment before sinking into the high backed leather chair behind Arthur's desk. Maybe it was just his imagination, but he thought he could detect a faint hint of Arthur's stupidly expensive, animal-tested aftershave lingering in the soft leather. Before he could think better of it, Merlin picked up the phone and was halfway through dialing Arthur's mobile when he slammed the phone back into its cradle. A second later, he picked it up again and dialed Gwen.

It rang three times, and then Merlin didn't even giver her time to stutter out a hello before he said, "I think I've really screwed up."

"Merlin?" Gwen asked, puzzled. "What's wrong?"

"I've lost him, Gwen." Merlin didn't bother to mention the insanity of losing someone he was planning to leave in the first place, but thankfully Gwen didn't mention it, either.

"Don't say that, Merlin," Gwen replied, ever hopeful. "What's that UniKORN slogan you and Lance are always spouting off about? Nothing's ever really lost as long as there's someone left who's willing to fight."

Merlin let out an aggravated sigh. "And what if I don't want to fight for him anymore? I'm not even sure that I ever want to see him again. What he did, Gwen, it was unforgivable. And then he didn't even have the guts to come into the office and face me today. The least he could do was come in and let me call him a prat to his face." Merlin knew Gwen heard what he meant: I didn't even get a chance to say goodbye.

"I know you're angry at him right now, Merlin, but if you love him as much as I think you do, you'll find a way to get past it. I had to fight for Lance, and it's the best thing I ever did."

"Yeah?" Merlin was quietly hopeful.

"Of course," Gwen answered, but then there was a brief shuffle on the other end, and Merlin had to hold the phone away from his ear as Gwen gave a completely uncharacteristic shout. "I swear to god, Lance, if you leave the toilet seat up one more time I will personally organize a hunting trip to the Serengeti!"

Merlin stared at the phone in his hand with dumbfounded shock before mumbling, "Er, Gwen, if now's a bad time, I can—"

Gwen gave a rather frustrated sigh and barreled right over Merlin's protests. "Look, Merlin, if there's one thing I've learned, it's that when you're fighting with the person you love, those are the times you need to fight the hardest for that person. You can win him back. You just need to try."

Merlin thought about that for a moment. He hated how small his voice sounded as he asked, "What if he doesn't want to be won?"

Gwen didn't say anything, and Merlin thought it was because she was too nice to say, "Then there's really nothing you can do."

Two Weeks Notice (5/5) 

Arthur spent Merlin's last day at Morgana's flat. It wasn't so much hiding as it was strategically avoiding things he very much didn't want to deal with at the moment, like seeing Merlin's face. Of course, there was also the fact that Morgana would eventually come home, and Arthur didn't want to deal with her rather vocal disapproval, and it wasn't like he could stay away from his own flat forever.

When Arthur walked into his flat, he already knew that Merlin was gone. The flat was quiet in a way it never was, even when Merlin was sleeping, as if his mere presence vibrated the air in a different way that Arthur could sense. Before Arthur could think better of it, he found himself poised at the open doorway of Merlin's bedroom. Merlin had never had many belongings, but the room seemed emptier without everything haphazardly scattered about, Merlin's presence inflicting itself on Arthur's life with a casual type of conquest, as if he belonged from day one. But now, the walls were bare, the closet was empty, and the bed was even made. Arthur scowled at the neatly tucked corners. He hoped Merlin had at least had the decency to change the sheets after he and Will—

Arthur slammed the door shut and stomped up the stairs to the roof, suddenly feeling like his own flat was suffocating him. The rooftop provided no relief, however, considering the first thing that greeted Arthur once he threw the door open was Merlin's bloody stupid garden. Arthur closed his eyes against the sight and his mind was immediately assaulted with images from the night before. Merlin's lips pressed against Will's, Will's hands curled around Merlin's hips, Merlin's mouth pink and shiny with Will's saliva. Arthur took an involuntary step back and felt something crunch under his heel. He looked down to see shards of green glass littering the roof and a red stain soaked into the concrete. Arthur toed a green sliver of glass, then viciously ground it to powder under his sole, his teeth grinding in his skull to match. In a blind rage, Arthur stomped to the enclosure and ripped down an entire wall of netting.

The butterflies, idiotic as their keeper, didn't realize they were suddenly free. A few fluttered past him in an awkward, lurching arch, but most seemed perfectly content to rest lazily against the brilliant golden petals. Arthur momentarily considered the logistics of herding butterflies before his gaze caught an odd green shape hanging from one of the leaves. Upon closer inspection, Arthur realized it was a cocoon from some late blooming caterpillar who clearly didn't have the sense to realize that by the time it emerged the temperature would be steadily dropping as the leaves changed from green to red and gold. It would be too late.

Awareness, when it finally hit, plowed into Arthur with the force of a steamroller. Merlin's voice rang through Arthur's head as if being shouted through a megaphone. I can't believe you're not even going to try to be the person you could be. It's not impossible for someone to change. Even someone as pig-headed as you.

Merlin may be an idiot most of the time, but there was always the rare occasion that he surprised Arthur with his insight. On those rare occasions, Arthur tended to listen.

He didn't even know if he wanted Merlin back, or if he'd ever had Merlin to begin with. What he did know, however, was that he'd gone back on his word and hurt Merlin deeply. He also knew that he was not the type of person who would betray a friend. He liked to think he was better than that. Perhaps it was time that he started to act like it.

With one last look at the cocoon, Arthur very gingerly lifted the pot and carried it inside to the warmth of his flat, setting it on his desk like some bizarre token of inspiration.

Then Arthur sat down to write the most difficult speech of his career.

Merlin had his feet propped up on the cracked plastic of the break room table, his electric blue apron in his lap and a soy milk latte slowly cooling at his side. Hollyoaks reruns were quietly playing on the ancient telly in the corner, but Merlin was only half paying attention. He'd stopped following the show once John Paul and Craig rode off into the sunset together. Lucky bastards.

Gwen burst into the break room and made straight for the telly. "Oi! I was watching that!" Merlin protested.

"No you weren't, you were sulking," Gwen informed him sternly before stopping on the channel she wanted.

Merlin glanced at the screen to see Arthur bloody Pendragon staring back at him from the televised groundbreaking, looking golden and beautiful in the sun, and Merlin promptly said, "Oh, no way." He half rose from his seat and practically shouted, "Hell no, Gwen."

Scarily strong hands gripped him from behind and pushed him back down into his seat. Lancelot's voice was grave as he said, "It's for your own good, Merlin. The sooner you conquer your fears, the sooner you can get back to the noble fight."

Merlin sighed. He knew Lance was hoping Merlin would put his name back on the regular volunteer rotation at UniKORN, but the truth was Merlin wasn't even sure if he wanted to go back. The whole thing just seemed so pointless now.

Gwen twisted the volume knob, and Arthur's voice rang out clear and strong through the break room. "—thank everyone for being here today. This development will create new jobs as well as a unique source of entertainment and commerce for families in the area. It is a step towards progress for the community, and a promise on behalf of the Pendragon Corporation to always value the people of London."

Merlin let out a short angry groan and began to stand up, but Gwen put a surprisingly strong hand on his shoulder, rooting him in place with a glare worthy of Morgana at her most terrifying. Merlin reluctantly turned his attention back to the telly and sullenly watched Arthur flip through the note cards in his hands.

"But to truly prove to someone that you care about them, you must also be honest with them. I learned that lesson the hard way. There is…was someone in my life that I was not honest with, and I hurt him very deeply." Merlin stifled his gasp of surprise. "I gave my word to him that I would do everything in my power to save a portion of this land as a nature reserve, to safeguard the rare species of butterfly found only in this one unique piece of land. He put his trust in me, and I betrayed that trust. And for that I'm sorry."

Merlin tried very hard to ignore the sudden pounding of his heart, hammering against his ribs as if trying to leap from his chest.

"But there is one thing I won't betray, and that is my duty to the company, and to the people of London." For a moment, Merlin felt the swell of bitter anger rising like a lump in his throat, but Arthur's next words made Merlin swallow it back down again. "It is the duty of the Pendragon Corporation to look not just to the present, but also to the future. This small slice of land should remain undeveloped, preserved for future generations of Britons." Merlin shuffled closer to the Arthur on the screen, as if the image were really Arthur and Merlin could see if he was telling the truth just by meeting his eyes. As Arthur continued, his voice softened slightly, and it was difficult to tell on the crummy TV, but Merlin thought he saw the corner of Arthur's mouth quirk up wryly. "If there is one thing this man has taught me, it is that two very different things, as different as concrete and nature, do not have to be in constant opposition. They can come together; complement each other in a way that creates something surprisingly harmonious. The Pendragon Corporation would be honored to be a part of that.

"But more than duty, more than honor, it is the way we treat those we care about the most that defines us. I am ashamed to say that I have treated this person very poorly. He believed in me, and I let him down." Arthur's head dipped slightly in a gesture Merlin knew to be disappointment, the same as he knew the gesture was always accompanied by the slight tightening of the lines around Arthur's eyes. "You see, this man, despite being stubborn, and unwilling to compromise, and having terrible fashion sense," Merlin snorted, but didn't look away, "He's…he's very like the butterflies he hopes to save…A little awkward and unconventional, often overlooked, but when you look closely, rather…rather unexpectedly beautiful. And one of a kind."

Merlin didn't realize how closely he'd scooted towards the TV until he fell out of his chair and his bum hit the hard tiled floor. It didn't even faze Merlin's avid concentration on the screen.

Arthur had stopped using the note cards, and he wasn't even looking into the camera anymore. He was staring off somewhere into the middle distance, his voice taking on the slightly bewildered, fond quality it always had when Merlin did something unexpectedly useful. "And even though I've said cruel things and driven him away…he's become the other side to my coin. He balances me out. He makes me whole."

Merlin suddenly wondered if there was some sort of air quality advisory he'd missed, because he was finding it incredibly difficult to breathe.

Arthur cleared his throat and seemed to come back to himself a bit. "And so, we will be keeping a portion of this land undeveloped, because the Pendragon Corporation values the people of London, and because… because I value him. Above all else."

Arthur nodded and walked off the screen amid a frenzy of noisy questions and flashing camera bulbs. Reporters onscreen immediately started rhapsodizing and predicting the effect on the market. Merlin stared at the screen, transfixed, but not seeing any of it. Gwen crouched at Merlin's side and wrapped her hand lightly around his elbow. When Merlin turned to look at her, he had a feeling the watery shine to her eyes was reflected in his own.

Merlin's voice was raspy and broken, barely functional as he choked out a nonsensical, "Gwen…I…"

Lancelot's keys landed in Merlin's lap. "You should take my car," Lancelot said. "It's a Prius."

Merlin drove like a bat out of hell.

He wove in and out of lanes and ran traffic signals with a degree of frequency that had him surprised he even made it to the Camelot hotel in one piece, let alone without getting pulled over for reckless driving. When the lift door didn't immediately pop open the moment Merlin pushed the call button, he had to physically restrain himself from simply running up thirty flights of stairs. He thanked a mixture of sentimentality and absent-mindedness that he'd neglected to remove the key to Arthur's flat from his key ring, and a moment after he fumbled it into the lock he was racing up the spiral staircase, somehow knowing with a certainty that was a little frightening that Arthur would be on the roof.

Merlin didn't waste time to catch his breath before he threw open the door to the rooftop, sucking in great lungfuls of crisp near-autumn air as he took in the sight before him. Arthur was seated under the canopy of netting, one wall duct-taped in place. Arthur's laptop was resting on his knees and he was staring at Merlin from behind the wire-rimmed glasses he pretended not to need unless he felt like playing at being terribly serious and mature. Merlin mindlessly opened his mouth without a clue what to say and was mildly appalled when the first thing that came out was, "I didn't sleep with Will."

Oh, way to bollocks that right up, his mind supplied helpfully. Arthur's raised eyebrow seemed to agree.

"Er…I mean, I saw your speech," Merlin added inanely. He was beginning to wonder if it was even possible to salvage this conversation into the mutual unrepression of emotions he'd envisioned whilst weaving death-defyingly through traffic. When Arthur's only response was to blink stoically from behind the ridiculously aesthetic frames, Merlin decided the only thing to do would be to lay it all bare. After all, it was sort of his turn.

Steeling himself, Merlin took a step forward and said, "Arthur…You're the reason I get up in the morning." Arthur's eyes widened, and Merlin took a shaky breath before he continued, "And it's not because I need to lay out your clothes and cook you breakfast and drag you out of bed…although, right, that's part of it, but…It's…It's not about the job, Arthur. Not entirely, anyway. I mean, there's the running and the fetching and the washing and all that, but there's more to it than that. You're a great man, Arthur. When you're not being a great prat. And I don't…I don't want another job. I'm happy to serve you, until the day I die. Or, well, I guess I would prefer it to be more like the day I receive a fairly generous retirement pension, but, um, you get my meaning."

Taking another step forward, Merlin felt his hands shaking but his voice was clear as he said, "And even if I really hate this job sometimes and I still think you're a giant prat, I wouldn't…I don't want anyone but you."

Arthur took off his glasses and set them aside, presumably to better stare at Merlin. For once, Merlin had absolutely no clue what Arthur was thinking. His stoic stare could have meant he was simply as floored by Merlin's admission as Merlin himself felt, or it could just as easily mean that Arthur thought Merlin had gone off the deep end. Finally, when Merlin could no longer stand the suspense, he said, "Arthur, would you please say something?"

After another interminable moment, Arthur looked away from Merlin's eyes and said, "I have to get back to work."

Merlin blinked. "Oh."

Arthur, still not looking at Merlin, said, "I have to present the new proposal to my father tomorrow morning, so…" A muscle in Arthur's jaw twitched, but other than that his face was devoid of emotion.

"Right. Of course. I'll just…" Merlin made some obscure gesture over his shoulder towards the door. When Arthur gave no indication that he cared one way or the other and continued to stare anywhere but at Merlin, still with that same inscrutable expression, Merlin just gave a half-hearted nod and turned to leave. Each step away hollowed out an aching chasm in Merlin's chest. How could he have been so wrong? He'd been so sure that he could patch things up with Arthur, that they both wanted the same thing. He knew that Arthur's speech had to mean something. Merlin's confession may not have been quite as eloquent, but was it really bad enough for Arthur to give up a second chance? Sure, they would probably always fight like cats and dogs, but their good times would be just as fierce. They would be the stuff of legend. How could Arthur be willing to throw all that away? As Merlin slowly made his way to the door, he distantly wondered how he ever hoped to put his heart back together when it had been shattered so completely.

Merlin's hand was on the door when he was grabbed and spun around by the shoulder and another hand was buried in the hair at the base of his skull and Arthur was kissing him like both their lives depended on it. It only took a split second for Merlin to wrap his arms around Arthur's neck and kiss him back with everything he had.

In that moment, everything seemed to slide perfectly into place, as if the only thing Merlin had ever needed for the world to make sense was Arthur's lips on his. The kiss was hot and slick and a bit sloppy, more desperation than finesse, but Merlin didn't care, couldn't even think past the litany of yes, yes, yes and finally. Merlin clung to Arthur's shoulders as Arthur pressed him back against the door, practically devouring each other's mouths. It was everything Merlin wanted, but he was still frantic for more. Then Arthur wedged a thigh between Merlin's knees and pressed so close it would take a crowbar to pry them apart, and Merlin guessed it would only take another two minutes of this before he came in his trousers in the middle of the bloody rooftop. Summoning his few remaining wits that weren't keeled over in ecstasy from the way Arthur was biting and sucking on Merlin's bottom lip, Merlin mumbled breathily between messy kisses, "Arthur. Bed."

Arthur made a noise that could have been approval or could have been some nonsensical cross between a grunt and a sigh. Then he crashed their hips together in a way that pressed their cocks together almost violently through their clothes, and Merlin decided two minutes was now more like two seconds. He shoved at Arthur's shoulders until Arthur released him with a frustrated groan, putting enough space between them for Merlin to suck in a shuddering breath. Arthur's look was beyond predatory, his mouth swollen and wet and his dark eyes fixed on Merlin's lips in a way that made it clear it was taking all his will power not to just dive right back in, and it took Merlin a good long second to remember why he couldn't let Arthur do that, at least not yet.

Fixing his gaze on Arthur, Merlin repeated in a voice he barely recognized as his own, "Arthur. Bed."

Arthur's expression shifted into a grin that was positively manic, then he hefted Merlin aside by his hips and unnecessarily kicked in the door to his own flat.

Arthur practically carried Merlin down the spiral staircase, pushing and pulling and manhandling him like the eight stone weakling that he was. Their hands tugged frantically at clothing, hungry for skin but not willing to stop kissing or allow even an inch of space between them as they tried to touch each other everywhere at once. Just negotiating Merlin out of his t-shirt involved a tangle of jammed elbows and crushed toes, and Merlin only managed to get the top three buttons of Arthur's shirt undone due to blind luck and a few furious yanks that made Arthur wince in sympathy for the fabric. Arthur was amazed they didn't manage to accidentally kill each other before they made it to solid ground.

They were waylaid momentarily when Merlin stumbled into a priceless Tiffany floor lamp and sent their bodies lurching into the back of the couch, hips colliding on impact and god, Arthur didn't even care that the lamp shattered into a thousand pieces because Merlin just grunted and pressed his thigh harder against Arthur's cock. Arthur groaned and latched onto Merlin's ass, grinding their hips together. Merlin shuddered and ripped his mouth away from Arthur's, gasping hot against Arthur's neck. And because Arthur was maybe a bit of a prat and couldn't resist, he grinned against the shell of Merlin's ear and said, "That's coming out of your pay, you know." Merlin's indignant squawk could have been a protest or it could have been because Arthur chose that moment to bite down on Merlin's earlobe.

Arthur slid his hands up the hot, bare skin of Merlin's chest and took Merlin's face between his hands, pulling him into another searing kiss and opening wide around Merlin's tongue. Merlin gave up on the buttons of Arthur's shirt and his hands dropped to fumble at Arthur's belt. Digging his fingers into Merlin's hair, Arthur shoved them both off the couch and started dragging Merlin back towards the bedroom. Despite Arthur's impatient prodding and maneuvering and tugging, they tripped over each other's feet twice before Merlin pulled back just enough to say breathlessly against Arthur's lips, "Dammit, Arthur, my ears are not handles."

The backs of Arthur's knees collided with the edge of his bed as he moved his assault to the soft skin below Merlin's jaw and said, "It's not my fault you're incapable of walking and undressing at the same time. Really, Merlin, I thought you said you were good at this."

Merlin glared, and the next thing Arthur knew his trousers were undone and he was flat on his back in the middle of his bed. Merlin descended on top of him with hands shoved up under Arthur's mangled shirt and Merlin's mouth hot on his neck and fine, yes, that was actually quite impressive. Merlin practically growled as he said, "Maybe if you'd stop being so damn pushy all the time—"

Arthur slid his hands down the back of Merlin's trousers and pressed his hips up, dragging their clothed cocks together and making Merlin cut himself off with a gratifying hiss. "Someone has to lead, considering you're clearly rubbish at it. You couldn't even manage my shirt buttons."

With a furious heave and what could only be described as an animalistic grunt, Merlin ripped the last two buttons from Arthur's shirt. "What is it with you and destroying my shirts?" Arthur said shakily, more than a little breathless because wow, hot, and then he let out a rather unmanly yelp as Merlin latched his mouth over one of Arthur's nipples and did something lewd and indecent and incredible with his tongue. Arthur clung to the back of Merlin's neck and arched desperately and whispered, "Oh, fuck," because it felt like every single nerve ending in Arthur's body was suddenly connected to the tip of Merlin's tongue. "I see what you mean…about the tongue thing," Arthur gasped out helplessly.

Arthur could actually feel the smugness of Merlin's smile pressed up against his skin. "You haven't seen anything yet," he gloated, and then he began pressing a line of hot kisses down the length of Arthur's body. Before he even reached the waistline of Arthur's trousers he was already shoving them down past Arthur's knees, boxers and all, before apparently abandoning the endeavor in favor of palming Arthur's cock and sucking the head into his mouth. Fireballs exploded behind Arthur's eyelids. Merlin's tongue deftly swirled around the head and teased at the slit, and Arthur may have made a noise in a register only audible to dolphins and household pets. Then Merlin pulled off Arthur's cock and just grinned, because he was a sadistic cockteasing bastard with a death wish. He let his bottom lip glide over the tip of Arthur's cock, pink and shiny and slick, then said almost conversationally, "Do you think this is a good time to negotiate a pay raise?"

Arthur fisted his hands in the sheets to keep himself from throttling Merlin, if only because it would result in the worst case of blue balls in his life. "Merlin," he warned through gritted teeth.

Merlin, however, just lapped a stroke up the underside of Arthur's cock and curled his tongue against the bundle of nerves at the base of the head in a way that sent bolts of lightning shooting to the palms of Arthur's hands and the soles of his feet. Arthur bit his lip and tried not to writhe mindlessly as Merlin remarked casually, "Or maybe my own office? That would be nice."

Arthur groaned and said, "I'll make you the bloody VP of cocksucking if you want, bloody hell, just, god, Merlin, get the fuck on with it."

Arthur didn't have to see Merlin's smirk, since he could feel it against his shaft. "You really are biologically incapable of asking for anything nicely, aren't you?"

And, because Arthur didn't care one shred about his dignity as long as he just got Merlin's mouth on him sometime in the next ten seconds, he choked out in a voice was perilously close to a needy whimper, "Merlin. Please." And then Merlin took him in nearly to the root, and it was so good Arthur's back arched with a wordless cry and his heart shuddered to a stop in his chest and his brain lit up like a fucking firecracker.

Arthur abruptly came back to reality to find Merlin's hand light on his face and the other tight around the base of his cock, Merlin's voice drowning out the white noise in Arthur's head. "Arthur, not yet. Stay with me. I'll be damned if I've waited all this time for you to go off in the first five minutes."

"Bastard," Arthur said, but it came out as almost a keening sob. Arthur decided that if Merlin wanted to make this a battle of wills like everything else they ever did, then he wasn't above playing dirty. Grabbing Merlin's wrist where it rested against Arthur's cheek, Arthur deftly sucked two of Merlin's fingers into his mouth.

"Fuck," Merlin said with feeling, his eyes gone wide and dark. Arthur's hands were shaking with need as he curled them into Merlin's hair and pulled him into a wet kiss.

"Merlin," Arthur moaned into the kiss, barely drawing back far enough to get the words out. "We have time later, we'll go slow, just…no more waiting." Arthur was sick of waiting. He wanted this so badly, had wanted it for so long without even knowing he wanted it, and that somehow made it worse because it had been building up inside him like an avalanche, silent and overwhelming and burying Arthur until he couldn't even breathe.

Merlin's breath was coming in hard, short pants against Arthur's mouth. "Alright, this one time," he breathed. "But you owe me." Then he moved back to Arthur's cock, and this time there was no more messing around. He set a hard, fast pace, sliding his mouth up and down the shaft and fluttering his tongue in a way that stole the air from Arthur's lungs. He slipped his wet fingers into Arthur's ass to the first knuckle and a ragged thumbnail scratched lightly over soft skin just behind Arthur's balls and Arthur was gone. He was ripped apart and put back together in a span of seconds, and apparently his brain was put back together wrong because his limbs refused to move and his eyelids wouldn't open and he couldn't do anything besides just lie there and breathe.

Merlin assumed, quite rightly, that Arthur was very close to blacking out, and said, "Oh, no you don't. Arthur! Don't you dare pass out on me, you bloody git!" Arthur distantly recognized the sound of Merlin shucking his own trousers, however he wasn't able to do much besides let his knees fall open so Merlin could settle into cradle of his thighs, rutting into the skin still slick with Merlin's spit. Merlin's cock was rock hard as it dragged across Arthur's, still sensitive to the point of pain, but he clutched weakly at Merlin's shoulders. He felt Merlin's hips rolling into his, pressing him into mattress. He managed to shake one leg free of the trousers confining his ankles and curled his leg over Merlin's thigh, bare foot tucked against the back of Merlin's knee. It was all Arthur could do to just lie there and moan weakly as Merlin used his body, taking what he needed, what Arthur was more than willing to give. Merlin kept making needy little noises against the side of Arthur's neck, and Arthur turned to mouth hotly to the pointed curve of Merlin's jaw and Merlin came with a desperate cry. As soon as he'd finished, he grumbled, "I should have known you'd just lie back and make me do all the work, you lazy ponce."

Arthur meant to say, You didn't give time to recover properly. I'd just had my brains sucked out through my cock, I can't be blamed for my actions. What he actually said was, "Nnuhunh." He tried again, but this time with better success. "Not my fault you're so bloody impatient. Didn't even get my trousers off."

"Nobody was stopping you from doing it yourself, you know." At Arthur's meaningful eyebrow, Merlin said, "What, so now it's my job to undress you, too?"

Arthur stared up at ceiling and silently considered it. Merlin, unfortunately, cut short that train of thought before it even left the station.

"Forget it. I'm not bloody undressing you, Arthur. At least not until you learn the meaning of 'reciprocity.'"

Arthur absolutely did not pout. "I think I liked you better with my cock in your mouth. You were actually quiet."

Arthur had about a half second warning before his smirk got smothered by a pillow.

If Merlin had any fears of falling victim to pattern and being summarily kicked out of Arthur's bed in the morning, they were quickly dispelled when he woke in the predawn hours to find Arthur clinging to him like a limpet and tracing lazy patterns across his hipbone. Smiling, Merlin kissed the side of Arthur's neck and fluttered drowsy eyes open to find Arthur already awake and watching him. Arthur smiled softly. "Go back to sleep, Merlin," he said, so Merlin did.

Several hours later, Merlin had a much more unpleasant awakening. He was jolted to consciousness by the sound of shattering pottery and Arthur's muffled swearing coming from the next room. Grumbling sleepily, Merlin stood and wrapped himself in the duvet because it was far too early for complex tasks like tracking down his clothes. He lurched groggily down the hall until he got to his once-and-soon-to-be-again bedroom and squinted into the too-bright morning sun. Arthur was dressed only a pair of pajama pants and crouched over something on the floor. "Whadyu doin'?" Merlin mumbled.

Arthur turned, and Merlin could barely make out—was that dirt in Arthur's hands? "Ah, sorry. Did I wake you?"

Merlin groaned as if to say, Yes you bloody well woke me up at whatever ungodly sodding hour of hell this is, now explain yourself! Merlin rubbed the sleep from his eyes with the heel of his hand and refocused on Arthur. This time he was able to make out broken terra cotta shards amidst the small pile of dirt on the ground, and cradled in Arthur's palms was an uprooted Mortius flower. Merlin blinked at it blearily, bemused.

Arthur, however, was a git, so he only said, "Well, now that you're awake you can help clean this up. Fetch a broom and dustpan."

Merlin glared in a way he hoped communicated, You know fucking well I refuse to do any work until I've had coffee, and, You begged me to let you come last night. You don't get to order me around again ever. Judging by Arthur's soft expression, however, what Merlin had actually communicated was more along the lines of disgruntled puppy.

Arthur rolled his eyes and sighed in a way that suggested any further interaction with Merlin would tax his patience to the limit. He grabbed the priceless (and unbelievably ugly) Ming vase from a nearby bookshelf and stuffed the plant into it, then replaced it on the shelf. It was only then that Merlin realized the entire bookshelf was full of the Mortius flowers from the rooftop garden. A quick glance around the room confirmed that all the plants had been moved into the room and were adorning practically every horizontal surface available. "What the…" he muttered eloquently.

Arthur straightened his back and jutted out his chin in that way he always had when he was feeling defensive. "I figured if the garden was going to survive the winter, then it needed to be moved indoors."

Merlin frowned. "And you decided my room was a suitable greenhouse substitute?"

Arthur went back to gathering up the broken pottery shards and setting them on the shelf. "Well, it's not like you'll be using it," he answered blandly.

Merlin suddenly felt as if all the air had been sucked out of his lungs. Merlin wasn't moving back in? "I…I won't?"

Arthur snorted and looked at Merlin as if he was particularly dense. "Of course not. Don't be daft, Merlin."

Merlin slumped against the doorjamb, pulling the duvet tighter around his shoulders. "Oh," he said quietly. He realized it may have been too much to hope for, that he would get his old job back. If nothing else, they'd both proved that working with each other tended to be a rather volatile situation, so maybe Arthur thought living together would be too much, after everything that had happened. He knew they'd both hurt each other, and he hadn't expected things to immediately go back to how they were, but he'd at least hoped…He'd hoped. And…And even if Arthur decided that it was too hard, that he just couldn't…God, if he couldn't…

"Merlin," Arthur said, suddenly right there in front of Merlin and cupping his jaw between his hands and looking at him with such exasperated fondness it was physically painful. "You really are positively useless before your morning coffee, aren't you? You won't be using it because you'll be staying with me. In our room."

"Oh," Merlin said, and then, "Oh." He promptly wrapped his arms around Arthur's waist and kissed him with all the elated passion he could feel lighting up in his chest, letting the duvet pool around his feet. And as he fell backwards onto the bed and pulled Arthur down with him, he saw out of the corner of his eye a jar, and an empty chrysalis, and a newborn butterfly spreading its wings.

Two Weeks Later

"MERLIN!"

Merlin was in the kitchen making scrambled egg-substitute when Arthur barreled out the bedroom door wearing only black socks, blue boxers, an undershirt and a red tie draped across his shoulders. Combined with the stormy expression on his face, Merlin thought he looked bloody ridiculous.

"Merlin, you daft clod! Care to explain why all of my shirts are suddenly pink?" Arthur shouted, brandishing fistfuls of shirts in each hand.

Merlin turned back to the non-eggs to hide his sheepish grin. "I, uh…may have accidentally washed your favorite red shirt with the whites." He snuck a glance at Arthur from under his lashes. He was learning just how quickly that look could get him out of trouble. "It's not like you can't just buy new ones," he suggested helpfully.

Arthur pursed his lips like he was holding back all the shouting he really wanted to do. After a minute, he simply let out in a frustrated huff, "Honestly. Worst assistant I've ever had. Why do I even put up with you?"

Merlin smirked. "I can think of a few reasons." He cocked one eyebrow and licked his lips.

Arthur's gaze caught on Merlin's mouth as Merlin ran the tip of his tongue slowly over his bottom lip. Arthur narrowed his eyes and dropped the shirts to the floor. "Right. Just so you know, when my father asks why we're late to work again, I'm blaming you."

The next thing Merlin knew, he was being hiked up onto the granite countertop as Arthur devoured his mouth, and all Merlin could think as he stripped Arthur of his shirt was, Oh. Kitchen. Haven't done this one yet.

Later that morning—much later, but Merlin couldn't really bring himself to feel guilty about it—Merlin gulped down the last of his coffee and trailed after Arthur as they scurried into the office. (Of course, Arthur wouldn't call it scurrying, because Arthur Pendragon did nothing but stride purposefully.) Arthur was so busy spouting off a list of errands for Merlin that neither of them noticed Morgana waiting impatiently outside Arthur's office.

"Where have you been? You've kept Kanen waiting for over an hour!"

"Relax, Morgana. I doubt he'll mind, considering he's waiting for us to finalize crushing his pathetic little company into the ground."

"Fine, just hurry up, would you?" As she turned to go back into Arthur's office, she gave him a quick smirk and said, "By the way, pink suits you."

Arthur scowled, then turned to Merlin and said, "And before the end of the day, you'll need to go buy me an entirely new wardrobe to make up for the laundry fiasco."

Merlin rolled his eyes. "Right. I'll just pencil that in between our lunch meeting and my battle to the death with the bloody copy machine, shall I?"

The corner of Arthur's mouth quirked up in a reluctant grin before his expression shifted into the slightly mischievous one Merlin had just begun to recognize in the last two weeks. "Speaking of penciling things in, meet me in the eighteenth floor supply closet in an hour."

Merlin's eyebrows lifted and his voice dropped to a low murmur. "I thought you said you wanted me on your desk this afternoon."

Arthur's grin was a little wicked as he leaned in and brushed his lips over Merlin's. "I don't see why we can't do both."

Merlin couldn't help but smile into the kiss, which turned into a ridiculous giggle when Arthur rather unsubtly groped Merlin's ass through his trousers.

Morgana's voice called out from Arthur's office, "You have just lost all future mocking privileges. At least I never put on a show for the staff."

"No, you just watched them put on a show for you," Arthur replied, reluctantly releasing Merlin and heading towards his office. "Which reminds me…Merlin, make sure you disable the supply closet security camera."

Merlin couldn't be sure, but he thought he saw a brief, disappointed pout cross Morgana's face.

Once Arthur and Morgana were headed to the meeting, Merlin watched them go and then headed to the office right next to Arthur's, unable to wipe away the goofy grin he'd had plastered on his face for the last two weeks. It only broadened in surprise when Merlin caught sight of the small framed picture setting on his new desk, surrounded and half hidden by the unicorn figurines he'd never quite been able to throw away. He picked it up, feeling his heart melt into a stupidly mushy, warm puddle in his chest.

It was a picture of a rose in full bloom inside a simple black frame, and underneath the rose the caption read, Destiny: You were meant for me. Perhaps as punishment.

Merlin smiled, then set about settling into his first day as the Pendragon Corporation's Vice President of Environmental Relations.

Oddly enough, Merlin's new job still involved a great deal of washing Arthur's socks.

fin