Author: mypenname3000
Title: Stud Conquers the World Book One: Twin Sister's Dark Passion, Part One
Summary: The stud and his twin sister plan to conquer the world with magic.
Keywords: mF mFf Ff mf inc oral creampie anal A2M magic super lac toys

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader

Chapter One

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

I had one goal in my life. To conquer the world.

To rise above the circumstances of my life and mold this planet into my will. I would not be stopped. Nothing would keep me from that goal. I would do anything to achieve it. I focused on that with an iron will.

Today, I turned sixteen. It was the start of my path toward that goal. My father had run off years before leaving me with my mother and twin sister. We lived in poverty. A small trailer in a rundown neighborhood. I didn't care. I would rise above it.

I had a 4.0 GPA. I scored perfectly on every test. In the fall, I played football. In the spring, baseball. I wasn't good enough to go pro, but it was part of my drive. I had to be fit. In shape. I had to learn leadership skills. Command a team to victory.

It was the first steps. Baby steps.

But I would need more than perfect grades, good looks, and a charismatic personality. The world had forces that moved in it. Forces that did not give up power lightly. I would contend with them. I would need power myself.

And since I had none to speak of, I had to gain it. I had to seize it.

The candles burned around my room added dancing light. The sandalwood incense filled the air with a spicy aroma. I closed my eyes and focused on my guide. The one who would lead me to power. I wouldn't summon her.

I would create her. A tulpa. A Tibetan thought-form. A homunculus or a golem that could only be birthed by supreme will. Monks would meditate all their lives and never summon one. But they had no drive. No ambition. They robbed themselves of the will to find Nirvana.

I did. I would from my tulpa. I imagined her form. A busty and mature woman. A MILF. Wise and knowledgeable in so many things. She had dusky skin and a round face. Her large breasts swayed before her with dark-brown nipples thrusting from her wide areolas. Her legs were long and sleek. A shaved pussy.

Nisha, I thought. Come to me, Nisha!

Her name. Thought, in Sanskrit. The perfect name for my tulpa. 

Appear before me, Nisha. 

I could see her impaled on my cock thrusting out from my crotch. My face in her big breasts. Her arms would hold me to her tits. She would be my adviser. My lover. My unseen servant with me at all times. My companion and slave.

Sweat broke out on my forehead as I visualized her with such focus. My dick pulsed with my pounding heartbeat. The scent of the incense filled my nose. My brow furrowed. My mind ached with my concentration. My focus.

Nisha! I thought, my mind lashing out at the universe and whipping it to obey my will. Appear!

...Master... drifted through my thoughts.

I felt something hot around my dick. Wet and silky. A pussy. Then soft breasts touched my face. Heavy and warm. I opened my eyes and witnessed her translucent form. She wrapped her arms around my neck, becoming more and more real by the minute. She squeezed her twat about me as she threw back her head.

Master! she cried, manifesting into this world.

My tulpa. My Nisha.

I rubbed my face between her big breasts, savoring their pillowy softness on my face. My hands grabbed her ass. I squeezed her rump as her cunt clamped down on my hard, virgin cock. I savored the feel of her about me.

Yes! I growled in triumph, my face rubbing back and forth between her big tits. Nisha.

Master, the tulpa-MILF moaned, her voice throaty and mature. Oh, Master, you have brought me out of the ether. I am yours.

I squeezed my eyes shut. It felt incredible to take the first step in this long road towards world domination. And amazing to have a woman's pussy around my cock. My fingers dug into her rump. I pulled on her. She groaned and slid up my cock.

Her pussy gripped me with such a wondrous fashion. I loved it as she slammed back down me. Nisha moaned as her cunt slid up and down my cock. It was a thrill to have my tulpa riding me. Her soft breasts rubbed against my face.

Oh, Master, what a thrill this is, she moaned. This is sexual pleasure. Oh, my, this is intense.

It is, I growled into her breasts. 

Her ass flexed beneath my fingers as she worked her cunt up and down my dick. Her pussy suckled at me with her hunger. Her juicy pussy gripped me. I loved how she held me. I loved the way she gripped me.

It was fantastic to feel her about me. She squeezed with such silky delight as she worked her cunt up and down my cock. The pleasure I had denied myself to focus on my goals now swelled through me. My nuts brimmed with that load of cum.

I would flood my tulpa with my jizz.

She was mine to use as I needed.

I turned my head and kissed up her breast. Her smooth flesh rubbed on my lips. I found her nipple and suckled on her. I nursed on her. My cheeks hollowed. It felt so wonderful to feel that hot twat around me as I loved her nub.

Master, she moaned, her voice such a wondrous sigh.

She hugged my head to her nipple. I suckled at her teat as she slammed her cunt down my dick. I willed it. Milk gushed from her nub. She gasped as her motherly delight spilled over my tongue. I savored the creamy, sweet treat of the dairy passion.

I nursed from her as she worked her cunt up and down my dick. She rode me with such passion. It was a thrill to have her sliding her pussy up and down my shaft. This was a delight. All my preparations to summon my tulpa had worked.

Now I would enjoy the benefits.

I gulped down that sweet breast milk. I loved the flavor of it. My fingers kneaded her rump as she worked her cunt up and down my dick. Her pussy brought me closer and closer to cumming in her snatch. To spurting my cream into her pussy.

I would just baste her with everything that I had. It would be incredible to pump her snatch full of my jizz. To baste her with all that spunk. My dick throbbed with the need to spill my seed in her. To just pump her full of my cum.

She slammed her cunt down my dick. I reveled in her taking every inch of my cock. She massaged me with that delicious cunt. I groaned around her nipple. I suckled on her with hunger, gulping it down while her moans sang through the room.

Oh, Master, Nisha moaned, slamming her cunt down my dick. You made it so I could climax. Yes, yes, I am going to cum on your cock.

I wanted that so much. To feel her cunt spasming around my dick.

Her pussy rose up my cock, sucking at me with that juicy heaven. I groaned around her nipple, the pressure in my nuts about to explode. Then she slammed back down me. She took every inch of my dick in her juicy cunt.

And squealed out her delight.

Her pussy went wild around my cock. She convulsed about me. Her flesh spasmed with hunger. My dick throbbed at that wondrous delight. She nursed at me with such wild abandon. I groaned, squeezing her rump, savoring the way her pussy rippled about me.

Cum in my pussy, Master, Nisha cried.

I ripped my mouth from her nipple and grunted out my pleasure. I fired my cum into her cunt. I pumped blast after blast of my jizz, spilling my first load of seed ever. The ecstasy slammed into my mind.

I threw back my head, savoring the rapture. The addictive delight of cumming in my tulpa's twat. Her pussy rippled around me, sucking at my cock. It was such a rush to have her nursing on me. I groaned, loving every moment of her massaging out my cum.

I fell back on the bed as she bucked on me. She rippled around my cock, sucking on me. Nursing on me. It was such a rush. Stars burned across my vision as Nisha nursed out my dick. It was a fantastic to experience this ecstasy. 

Shit, I groaned as she worked out the last of my cum. Goddamn, that's incredible.

I know, Master, she groaned. Oh, thank you for conjuring me and letting me feel such Nirvana.

I nodded, panting. I had so many questions for her, but that was my first taste of cumming. My first taste of a passion. I had never even masturbated. I had such iron will to prepare me for this moment. Now her pussy swam with cum.

Swam with the energy to chart my path. But I just lay here, sucking in breaths in my small room in the trailer. I was glad my bedroom was on the far end of the house from Mom and my sister's, the living room and kitchen in between.

She slid off my cock. I groaned as she did that. Her pussy popped off my cock. It felt so amazing just having her slide up my dick. She smiled at me and knelt on the floor, her hands on my thighs, big boobs bouncing.

She leaned forward and licked my dick. She slid her tongue up my dick. She caressed me. Her tongue dragged up my cock and brushed the tip. Pleasure shot through me. I loved the delight of her doing that. I didn't tell her to do that.

Mmm, I know what you want, Master, moaned my tulpa. I'm made from your thoughts. Your will. What you want, I deliver.

She engulfed my cock.

I groaned as I squirmed on my back, feeling that hot mouth sucking off her own pussy juices from my dick. My eyes squeezed shut as she worked her mouth up and down my dick. She worshiped me with her entire being. She nursed on me with all this passion. With such hunger on me. It was incredible to feel her hot mouth working up and down my dick.

It was so different from her pussy riding my dick.

I panted, savoring this hot delight. Her tongue danced around my cock in this exciting way. It swept over my crown, sending delight shooting down to my balls. My face scrunched up. My heart pounded in my chest. I groaned, back arching. I bit my lower lip, loving every second of this delight.

She had such a hot mouth. A warm and wondrous sucking maw.

She worked up and down my dick with her passion. She nursed on me with all this hunger. My chest rose and fell as she nursed on me with passion. I groaned, my cock throbbing with the delight of her sucking on me.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I groaned, my dick throbbing in her mouth. She felt incredible doing that. Just amazing nursing on my cock. My heart sent such delight hurtling through my veins. Nisha!

She winked at me as she kept working her mouth up and down my dick. The suction was incredible. She made such wicked sounds. The pressure swelled at the tip of my cock that her tongue swept around in such an inviting way.

I groaned with each nurse. Each suckle. She was just such an amazing delight. She was making me feel incredible. I would baste her with all that spunk that I had in my nuts. Just fire it all into her mouth. It would be amazing.

Yes, yes, yes, just like that, I groaned. Damn, that's good.

She fondled my balls. I gasped as she played with them gently. They were so sensitive, sending jolts of delight shooting up my cock to her tongue caressing the tip. I panted, coming closer and closer to flooding her mouth with my cum.

I shuddered, savoring that delight. It was just so incredible to feel her sucking on me like that. It was fantastic to feel her working her mouth on my dick. It was just an amazing feeling to have her doing that to me.

She kneaded my balls. I groaned at that moment. My cock erupted. My cum fired into her mouth.

She groaned as she swallowed my jizz. She gulped it down with hunger. My face contorted with delight. It was just an amazing passion to pump more and more of my spunk into her mouth. The pleasure slammed into my mind.

Oh, fuck, I groaned. Oh, fuck, that's good. That's

My bedroom door threw open. I gasped and sat up to see my twin sister standing naked in the doorway. She was sixteen, like me, but not in the same year at school. she had flunked the seventh grade with her behavior.

She was a wild thing. Into Goth and listening to Good Charlotte. She stood there with her dyed-purple hair sweeping around her face. Her small breasts jiggled, both her nipples pierced by silver rings. A landing strip of black hair led to her shaved pussy, a clit ring piercing it. 

Did you do it? she gushed in delight, this look of ecstasy in my twin sister's eyes.

I swallowed my anger and sat up. She couldn't see Nisha. No one but I could. I didn't lash out in anger. I put on a smile and asked, Why are you barging into my room in the middle of the night, Moira?

Did you do it? she asked, her eyes sweeping across the room. The candles. The incense. Don't BS me, Zach. I know you're summoning something. This occult is my shit! It made me so wet when I realized you were doing this. A succubus? You're naked. Trying to lure one out of the Lilith Qlipha?

Moira, I repeated again. I don't barge into your room when you're masturbating.

Because you're not interested in that stuff, she said. You're focused on your plan.

My stomach lurched. Plan?

I'm your twin sister, she said. You think you could hide your plan to conquer the world? God, it makes me so wet. See!

She shoved her hand between her thighs and rubbed her fingers across her pussy lips. A quiver ran through Moira's body. She groaned and thrust out her digits at me. This big grin spread on her lips. Her eyes burned with such lust. 

I am so wet for you! she moaned. I so want to fuck you.

I thought you were gay? I said. Mom hated that about her. I know for a fact you were going down on your girlfriends during those slumber parties.

I'm gay because there's only one cock I wantmy twin brother's! 

Chapter Two

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

You're gay because I'm the only dick you want to fuck? I asked.

Oh, yeah, Moira said. My twin brother that's issuing the dark arts to take over the fucking world. You better believe I am so wet for that. She thrust two of her fingers into her cunt now. She quivered there in my doorway, her eyes so bright and wild.

Jesus, I groaned my heart pounding. You are serious.

Yeah, I've been studying the occult for years to help you out, Moira said.

I glanced at Nisha. Is she needed for my plans?

I don't believe so, said Nisha. You need four women to get the power you crave. She is not one of them. But that does not mean she isn't useful. If she wants to have a sexual relationship with you in exchange for aiding you, how is that not something you should do?

She's my sister, I said. We shared the womb.

Yes, yes, a powerful compulsion, said Nisha.

God, you're talking to what you summoned, said Moira. She fingered her cunt faster. Her small breasts jiggled. She's here, and I can't even see her That's so hot. I loved this so much. I am so glad that it worked. So, we going to bang it out? Huh? Me and you taking over the world together?

I glanced at Nisha. Incest? That was a line I wasn't sure I wanted to cross if I didn't have to.

I would advise you to make this alliance, said Nisha. While she is not the key for power, she will be of use in seizing the four women that you do need.

Fine, I said to my sister. You want to help me?

So long as we have the hottest, kinkiest sex ever, she moaned. Something that will really get Mom and all those holy rollers knickers in a twat. Ooh, they are such cunts. Just imagine Mrs. Augustine's face when she realizes Saintly Zach fucked his twin sister.

It can't ever come out, Moira, I growled. What we do has to stay secret. I have an image to cultivate.

God, you are going to pretend to be that good boy, huh? asked Moira. You're going to fuck me and then go to church and sit next to Susannah Augustine and play at chaste lovers. Purity rings and all that bull crap.

I nodded. A politician needs a wife. She has to be above reproach. So do I. So a preacher's daughter is perfect for me. So what me and you do can never come out.

Mmm, so we'll fuck, commit black sabbaths for unholy power, and fuck some more, Moira said, advancing. My twin sister had this wicked gleam in her eyes. That's fine with me. Makes it hotter when it's a secret, doesn't it?

My dick throbbed. My twin sister had this sensuality despite her petite figure. She exuded sexuality. The rebellious fires burned in her eyes. I rose from the bed and stared at her, facing her as naked as the day we came into the world together, my dick hard.

Yeah, you are finding this hot. She licked her lips. You finally got a taste for sex. Whatever you summoned unleashed all those horny desires you kept bottled up. Sixteen, and you never so much as jerked off once. But now you have a taste.

I cupped her face, staring into her brown eyes. I am not your toy. I won't be your slave. Just because I have never fucked until today does not mean I will be brought down by my new taste of pleasure. If you want to help me, you serve me, Moira.

Mmm, yes, yes, I want to serve you, she moaned. I want to do such wicked, wicked things with you. Black masses at midnight. Unholy rites. Sinful debauchery. I want to take your cum in all my holes. Her hand slid down my chest to my cock. Have you ever wanted to fuck a girl in the ass? To bugger her with this mighty dick?

Goddamn, I growled as she stroked me. On your knees. I want to plow into that asshole.

Mmm, yes, Zach, she purred and turned. She fell to her knees before me and wiggled her cute rump at me. Her dyed-purple hair spilling off her shoulders.

I fell to my knees behind her, Nisha smiling at me. My tulpa squeezed her big breasts as I pressed my cock into my twin sister's butt-crack. I slid down her crevice, loving the feel of her butt-cheeks around the crown of my cock.

Mmm, you'll need to lube up, Master, Nisha said. Thrust your cock into your sister's pussy. She'll be wet enough.

I winked at her as my cock reached my twin sister's asshole. I kept going past it and found her pussy lips. I shuddered at the heat of her cunt against my dick. I thrust into my sister's twat. She gasped as I penetrated her. Her head snapped up and her cunt clenched down on my dick.

Mmm, you naughty brother, she moaned. That's my forbidden pussy. Only one more cunt in the world is more taboo than this one.

My dick throbbed in her snatch as our mother flashed through my mind.

Mmm, that's right, she purred. Maybe one day. I would love to lick her pussy.

I ripped my cock out of her cunt, shocked by this powerful lust that rushed through me for our mother. I had never fantasized about her before. Never had that incestuous desire to fuck my mother. I didn't have an Oedipal Complex.

I pressed my lubed dick against Moira's asshole. I pressed forward, her anal ring widening before my cock. Nisha smiled and licked her lips while Moira tossed her head. She groaned as her sphincter stretched to swallow the tip of my cock.

Oh, god, yes, moaned Moira. Her head tossed. Bugger me. Yes, yes, that's it. Just slam to the hilt in me with that big dick and violate all rules of god and man!

You are such a rebellious slut, I groaned as I pushed harder.

Her anal ring swallowed the tip of my cock.

It was so hot sliding into my twin's bowels. It was amazing feeling her velvety asshole around my dick. The pleasure shot up my shaft. I groaned at this new delight. Blowjob. Pussy. Now anal. This was incredible to bugger my twin sister.

I slid deeper and deeper into her bowels. I loved the feel of her about me. This was such a wild night. Nisha smiled as she watched me bugger my sister. My heart pounded in my chest as she swallowed inch after inch of my dick.

Fuck, I groaned as I bottomed out in her. 

Ooh, you have such a big dick, she moaned. My twin brother is a hung stud! Yes! Fuck me! Pound me so hard Mom wakes up and hears us.

That was the last thing I wanted. But Mom was a heavy sleeper and on the other side of the trailer.

I pumped away at her asshole. I fucked her hard. She squeezed her bowels around me. She massaged me with her hot flesh. My nuts slapped into her, my balls swelling with the pressure of my cum. The heat melted up my dick.

I grinned in delight as I fucked her. I plowed into her with just such force. It was a delight to fuck my sister. Incest was incredible. This could be addictive. I needed to be careful. If I got addicted to this, I would be in trouble. 

But I had my plan. I would have to dominate four women for the power I needed. I buried hard into my twin sister's asshole. She clamped her bowels down hard, gasping with delight as I plowed into her.

That's it, she moaned. God, just hammer that big dick into my asshole.

Shit, I groaned, slamming into her, Nisha watching with such heat in her eyes.

My nuts slapped into my twin sister's taint. I fucked into her bowels again and again. I plowed hard. She groaned with each thrust, her slender body trembling from the force of my thrusts. Her black hair danced as I fucked her hard.

Fast.

I pounded her with powerful strokes. I loved the feel of her bowels squeezing about me. Her anal sheath massaged me. My hands gripped her hips. I loved the feel of her anal sheath massaging me. Swelling that ache at the tip.

Mmm, is she watching us? groaned my sister. Whatever it is you summoned.

My tulpa! I grunted. And, yes. She's encouraging that.

Tulpa! My sister clamped her asshole down my dick. Ooh, that takes some mental energy. I'm not surprised. Yes, yes, pump that dick into my bowels. Oh, yes, yes, and she encouraged this?

Said you'd be useful, I panted. Keep you close.

She's just an extension of your desires. Mmm, you just wanted to bugger me. You wanted to fuck your twin sister! Ooh, you got a sister complex. That's so hot!

I rolled my eyes and kept fucking her, ignoring her teasing. I hadn't wanted to fuck her. To commit incest. If this ever got out, I would be ruined. But... It was hot ramming into her forbidden hole. To bugger my sister with my dick.

She moaned, her butt-cheeks jiggling from the impact. My hands squeezed her hips, feeling how silky smooth her skin was. I slid up her body, caressing her. She whimpered and rocked back into my thrusts. She clamped her flesh down hard on me. The pleasure shot through my body.

Yes, yes, yes, I am going to cum so hard on this dick! She wiggled her hips from side to side. Just explode.

Explode! I grunted, fucking into her with hard strokes. Cum on my cock, Moira!

I will! she purred, her asshole massaging my dick. 

I rose towards that explosion as I drilled into her bowels. I would unload every drop of cum I had in my balls into her anal sheath. She would squeal her delight, too. She would love every moment of it as she came on my dick.

The pressure grew and grew towards that bursting point as I buried to the hilt in her asshole. She gasped, her purple hair dancing around her face. I rubbed at her small boobs, playing with them. I buried into her.

Yes! she hissed. That's it! My twin brother is awesome!

Her asshole convulsed around my dick.

Her hot flesh spasmed around my cock. I groaned, the pleasure shot through me. The heat slammed through me. My nuts slammed into her taint as her asshole suckled at me. Her anal sheath nursed on me.

I erupted.

My dick pumped spunk into her bowels. An incestuous flood of bliss that pumped into her anal sheath. The pleasure shot through me as my sister's anal sheath suckled at me. I rubbed at her tits, my mind melting.

That's it! she gasped. Yes, yes! Show god and the fucking world that you make your own rules!

Yes, you do, Master, Nisha purred, squeezing her tits.

I groaned as I pumped blast after blast of spunk. The pleasure slammed into me. I gripped her hips as the pleasure raced through me. I hit the peak of my orgasm. She milked out the cum from my balls. Every last drop.

Damn, I groaned, my chest rose and fell. That's great. That was actually great.

Of course it was great, moaned Moira. She crawled off my dick and turned around. She wore a mischievous grin on her face. I'm your twin sister. How could it not be great?

God, I thought I had an ego, I said, staring at her.

She winked at me. Then her gaze fell to my dick and she licked her lips. Mmm, dirty dick. That looks yummy to suck upon.

You're not, I groaned then I shook my head. No, no, of course you are.

She winked at me and engulfed my dick. She suckled my dirty dick into her mouth. I groaned at the feel of her mouth around my cock. Her tongue danced around me, buffing off her own ass. She polished my pole.

It was so fucked up that she was doing it. So hot. She suckled with passion on my dirty dick, moaning in delight. She loved the taste of her own ass. Her eyes stared up at me with such wild lust in them as she suckled me clean. 

Damn, I groaned, my heart pounding.

She winked at me as she nursed on me with hunger on my shaft. 

It was incredible having her polish my pole clean. I shuddered, my heart pounding with the suction of her mouth. She nursed to clean off her ass, bobbing her head up and down my dick. My nuts twitched with the force of her suction.

I loved it. My face contorted with the delight of her cleaning my dick. She swirled her tongue around the crown. The pleasure shot down to my balls. I leaned back on my bed, Nisha kneeling beside me. She had such a wicked smile on her lips.

Do I really crave this? I asked her.

Mmm, yes, Master, she purred and kissed me.

My lips melted to her. She stroked my chest as her tongue thrust into my mouth. I shuddered, my sister bobbing my head. She was such a dirty thing. I shuddered as Moira polished my dick clean, bringing me closer and closer to cumming.

She hungered for that transgression. I was surprised she hadn't wanted me to fuck her pussy. My dick throbbed in her mouth as she nursed with hunger. I groaned into my kiss with Nisha. My tulpa had such soft lips.

She broke the kiss and purred, Cum in her mouth, Master.

Yes! I groaned, my sister buffing my dick clean. Her every suckle brought me closer and closer to cumming. Fuck!

She bobbed her head down my cock then suckled back up it. Her suction was incredible. My face scrunched up as my balls lurched. Then I erupted. I fired my cum into my twin sister's mouth. My jizz exploded from my cock.

I fell back on the bed, grunting as the pleasure slammed through me. Each blast of spunk into her mouth sent ecstasy firing through my body. I groaned, my nuts tightening from the pressure. My chest rose and fell.

Moira gulped down my cum.

She swallowed it with hunger. She nursed out my jizz. I shuddered, firing the last of my spunk into her mouth. I sucked in deep breaths, my entire body buzzing from the rapture of her naughty mouth. The pleasure suffused my mind.

Mmm, yes, yes, she is going to be so perfect to your plans, moaned Nisha. 

Who do I need for my plans? I asked, staring up at her. I know I need four women for the ritual, but who

Moira ripped her mouth off my cock and gasped, Later! Later! She can fill you in on the deets after I'm done with your dick!

What? I groaned as my sister straddled me. Her small breasts quivering, dusky nipples hard. Her clit piercing gleamed as she grabbed my dick. What are you doing?

Riding your dick, she said, rubbing the crown of my cock into her piercing. She nuzzled that clit ring, sending heat flowing down my dick.

Then she shifted my cock until she was ready to devour me. She slammed her cunt down my dick. My eyes widened as she swallowed my cock. It was insane. I groaned as she swallowed every inch of my aching cock.

The silky, incestuous grip of my sister's pussy was incredible. I grabbed her ass out of instinct as she bottomed out on me. I groaned at how great she felt. She squeezed her snatch around me, her hips wiggling from side to side.

She worked her cunt up and down my dick. Her cunt squeezed about me. This was so wild. I shuddered as the heat swelled in my nuts. She gasped and moaned, her small tits quivering. Her purple hair dance around her face.

My bed creaked as she slammed her cunt down my cock. She took every inch of me. Her clit piercing vanished into my dark bush. She rose back up me, her pussy clenching around my cock. I groaned at the delight of this.

It was fantastic to have her working her cunt up and down my cock like this. The heat swept through me. I grabbed her hips, groaning as she rode me. There was this wicked gleam in her eyes. Almost triumphant.

It... annoyed me.

She rode my cock like she had claimed me.

With a growl, I grabbed her hips and rolled her over. She gasped as she ended up on her back with me on top. Her legs squeezed about my waist. She groaned as I drove my cock into her pussy. She gasped as I filled her up. Her snatch squeezed about me as I fucked into her. I buried into her deep and hard.

My balls slapped into her taint as she groaned. I stared down into her dark eyes as I fucked her cunt with force. I buried into her pussy, my twin sister squirming beneath me. She squeezed her snatch down around me, massaging me.

That's it, she groaned. Ooh, fuck me so hard. Just ram that cock into me. Yes, yes, you're going to make me cum.

You better believe it, I growled, driving my cock into her. I want to feel this pussy spasming around my cock.

Yes, yes, yes! she groaned, her face twisting with delight.

Let me feel that pussy going wild! I growled, drilling into her snatch. Let me feel that cunt just loving my cock!

She grinned up at me, her pussy clenching about me. She held me tight. She squeezed about me with such force. It was an amazing passion. I loved the feel of her squeezing around me. It was such a passion to have her gripping me.

I plowed deep into her. Hard. I thrust into her twat again and again. I loved the feel of her twat around me. I savored that heat gripping my cock. I buried into her snatch over and over again. My nuts slapped into her taint.

Her back arched. Yes, yes! That's it! My brother has such an amazing dick! Yes!

Her cunt went wild around my cock. She writhed and spasmed. It was incredible feeling her going wild about my dick. I loved it so much. She had such a wild snatch. Her pussy milked me. I groaned, savoring that delight writhing around my cock.

Oh, damn, I groaned, loving the feel of her snatch convulsing about me. Oh, shit!

Cum in me! she moaned, her snatch suckling at me.

I slammed to the hilt in her, loving the way her pussy rippled around me. She nursed at me with all that hunger. I groaned, slamming forward hard and fast. I fucked into her again and again. I loved how she rippled around me. 

I buried into her and exploded.

My nuts unloaded in my sister's pussy. I flooded her with my spunk. The pleasure slammed through my body. My mind drank it in. I savored the heat of it. I loved the bliss of cumming in her. It was magnificent to pump my spunk into her snatch.

Just fantastic.

That's it! she moaned, her pussy rippling around me.

I groaned with each blast. She moaned, bucking beneath me. My mind reeled from the ecstasy. I savored the rapture shooting through me as I emptied my balls into her snatch. I shuddered and fired the last of my cum into her.

I shuddered as I pulled out of my sister and rolled onto my back. She groaned with delight. She rubbed herself then started scooping my cum out of her pussy and thrust her fingers into her mouth. She suckled them clean.

I shook my head at that. Then I glanced at Nisha. Do you know who I need to find?

She nodded and drew in a deep breath. Her eyes rolled back in her head. When she spoke, there was a rhythm to her speech.

Four hearts you need.
Four loves who bleed
with passion for your cause!
The loving wife,
devoted heart.
The mistress bitch,
dominance bound.
The adulterous woman,
marriage fraud.
The motherly beauty,
womb fertile.
Four hearts you need. 
Four loves who bleed
with passion for your cause!

The loving wife, the mistress bitch, the adulterous woman, and the motherly beauty, I muttered, staring up at the ceiling. Those are the women that I need to recruit?

In that order, Master, said Nisha. I believe each one will lead you to the next.

And how will I find them? I asked.

I don't know, she said. I feel you already know who the first one is.

Moira groaned. Don't tell me it's that little fluff that thinks you're this perfect, godly man who doesn't swear or cheat or fuck.

I smiled. Susannah Augustine. The preacher's daughter at my church. I had plans to marry her. It was good to know that if I won her, she would be devoted to me. My wife who would stand by me in public. To hide my image. To conceal who I really was.

She's perfect, I said. I glanced at Nisha. What do I need to do to claim her utterly?

That's a very good question, she said, winking at me. I think I'm going to have to meet her in person. Examine her thoroughly.

I smiled. I liked the sound of that. Susannah was a wonderful delight. I couldn't wait to claim her for myself. I looked over at the clock. I could still get a few hours of sleep before I had to be up for church. I glanced at my twin sister.

I'm going to bed, I said and stood up. I began pinching out the candles, feeling the heat searing my finger and thumb for a moment. 

The night's still young, she purred.

It's nearly 3 AM, I said, pinching out another candle.

I know, she said. The perfect time to hold black masses and have deviant, incestuous sex.

Go to bed, I said. I have church in the morning.

She rolled her eyes. Fine, fine, kick me out for that boring, little waif you want to marry. I don't care. She won't ever pleasure you the way I can.

I shrugged and pinched out the last candle. I then fell back onto my bed, feeling tired after the night's work. I had so much fun doing that. I had claimed my tulpa, my delicious thought-form, and I had sex with my twin sister.

It was far, far better than I imagined it.

Now I had to claim that delicious Susannah. She was already my girlfriend, as it were. A quivering virgin that was all abuzz with marriage after high school. She ached for our wedding night. She probably thought it was nothing like the real thing.

I closed my eyes and felt Nisha cuddling up against me. Moira slipped out. I fell into sleep, my plans coming into focus. I would do it. I would conquer the whole fucking world. It would be mine. I couldn't wait for that day.

I fell into dreams of power and dominion. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Susannah Augustine

I glanced at the clock. 3 AM.

My body was burning from that dream of kissing Zach. He was so handsome and kind. We would be married in just a few more years. Then he would carry me up to our honeymoon suite and make sweet, sweet love to me.

I rolled onto my side, pressing my pillow between my legs. I fought against that sinful urge to touch myself. I had to wait until marriage. Zach was. He was such a faithful young man. He followed the Lord's instructions.

Please, please, Lord, help me to remain pure, I prayed as the heat my dream sparked in me filled my body. Sweet angels, guard me against the sinful demons of lust that prowl around me.

I could feel my angels guarding me. Helping me. Everyone had them, but most didn't believe in them. Didn't give them faith they needed to keep away sin. I did. As I prayed and prayed, the itch faded. The desire for Zach dwindled.

I was still eager to see him, almost breathless, but the burning itch passed. I panted in relief. I shoved the pillow out from my thighs. I rolled onto my back. My breasts rose and fell. My heart pounded in my chest.

This wild beat that thudded away in me.

I licked my lips as I fell back into my sleep. Into dreams of Zach carrying me across a field of flowers and planting quick kisses on my lips. It was so naughty. I loved it so much. I drifted through that beauty until my alarm clock woke me up.

It was time to get ready for church. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Moira Black

I left my brother to sleep, rolling my eyes. How could he not want to have more sex with me? He pumped so much cum into me. I moved through the double-wide trailer naked. Our uptight mother was asleep. I was so glad that I didn't have to deal with that cunt right now.

I reached my room and stepped inside. The shadows in the corner of the room quivered in delight. They moved as I closed the door and flowed across the ground. I smiled as they pooled at my feet then rose before me.

They gathered into the shape of a woman. Breasts formed, big and throbbing. Then hair spilled out, the inky locks spilling about a face that sharpened into that of a mature beauty. Plump lips. A dainty nose. The rims of glasses appeared. Nipples hardened.

Then the shadows melted away and a pale-skinned MILF knelt before me. One of the teachers from my high school. Ms. Lucile Rayne. Of course, she wasn't really human. A succubus I had found masquerading at school.

You have it? moaned the succubus. 

If you tell me your real name, I said, arching my eyebrow at her. You don't get a single taste of it until you tell me that name.

She licked her lips, her eyes shooting to my pussy brimming with my brother's cum. My twin brother's seed. There was no act more taboo. No familial line was more forbidden than two who shared the same womb. 

We were conceived together. Grew together. Came into this world together. And now we had united once again. I shuddered as the succubus stared at my cunt. She hungered for that seat. She craved it more than anything.

You really did it, she groaned, her face leaning forward, her eyes fixing on my clit. Her brassy-brown curls spilled about her face.

I flicked her forehead. No! Bad succubus. You don't get a taste until I learn what your real name is.

She pouted at me. Just a lick. To make sure that it really is the incestuous mixing of you and your brother. I need that little taste.

No, I said firmly. You want to taste the most taboo mixing of cream and cum, then you will tell me your real name, slut! Or you can slink off to the shadows and stew in envy as I enjoy every drop of this spunk brimming in me.

She quivered there. It was so clear that she didn't want to tell me her name, but she stared at that incestuous mix of my cream and my twin brother's juices. She fidgeted. A whimper rose from her throat. She rubbed her hands together.

It's really your choice, I told her. Your name or get out.

Fine, fine, fine, she groaned. Anahita. Anahita. My name is Anahita!

I shuddered as I heard her name. I savored those syllables. I dipped my fingers into my pussy and pulled out a glob of his cum that had leaked out of me. I held it out before her. She stared at the quivering spunk.

With this taboo seed, I bind Anahita to my will, I chanted, the power flowing through me. The lights flickered over my head. With an act forbidden, congress illegal, I bind Anahita to my will. With my soul, my spirit, and mind, I bind Anahita to my will, my slave until death takes me!

I thrust my finger into her mouth.

She groaned as she suckled off the naughty mix of my brother and me. Her tongue danced around my finger. I loved the feel of her nursing on me. Her body burst into shadows. She swirled before me. I shuddered as the light bulb sizzled out.

Darkness fell upon me.

And in that darkness, the succubus coalesced back into her guise as the teacher. But this time, the busty creature had a collar snug about her throat. It didn't matter what form the collar took. A belt of leather or a band of lace. It just mattered that she was bound to me.

That she was owned.

Mistress Moira, Anahita moaned to me. The succubus quivered. My reward.

Feast, I commanded, a smile spreading on my lips.

I would help my brother with his plan. I would aid him from the shadows with unholy rites and black sorcery. And it would be magnificent. 

The succubus buried her face into my shaved twat and feasted.

To be continued...
