Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Rogue's Harem Book 1, Part 10: Naughty Fairy Spying
Summary: Sven and his women are pursued wounded into the woods. They need Kora's healing magic, but is she too hurt to cast a spell?
Keywords: MFFF Fsolo MF FF fantasy magic inc oral creampie voy anal exhib wife cheat cuck

Copywrite 2018

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to b0b for beta reading this!

Chapter Twenty-Eight: Naughty Fairy Spying

Princess Ava  Forest of Lhes, The Princedom of Kivoneth, The Strifelands of Zeutch

My rose-quartz fingers spread apart Kora's pink petals. I licked my lips, staring at the flood of Sven's cum, her brother's cum, pouring out of her pussy. A surge of taboo lust shot through me at the incestuous mixing of their fluids.

I leaned my proxy forward, my soul inhabiting the statue like my real body, and licked. My stone tongue slid through her hot folds. I felt the silky texture of her petals, the creamy delight of the cum gathering on my tongue. I pulled the treat into my mouth, imagining the mix of salty jizz and pussy juices. I had no taste buds while inhabiting my proxy. I could feel. I could experience pleasure, but rocks couldn't discern flavors.

But still, I enjoyed this. Because one day, once Sven and Kora defeated my father, I'd taste this with my real mouth, my real tongue. I'd get to revel in their incestuous love. I yearned for that day, my hips wiggling in delight as I licked again.

I groaned when Sven seized my hips, rubbing his cock against my proxy's pussy. I felt the girth on my pussy lips, sliding up and down. This was the cock I should year for, not my father's. I didn't understand my strange lusts for my father. My body just so whorish it craved that pleasure.

But right now, feeling Sven slid his cock into my depths, I didn't need my father. I had the man I actually loved fucking me, sharing his sister with me. And his sex slave. Zanyia rode Kora's mouth, the petite lamia shuddering, her tail swishing behind her as Kora licked and lapped at her cunt with eager hunger.

I shuddered, glad to be a part of my roguish lover's harem.

Mistress Kora, whimpered Zanyia, her hands cupping her small breasts, her cat-like ears, the same tawny shade as her hair, twitched as she writhed. Ooh, yes, you're licking my pussy. You're just eating me.

She is, groaned Sven, voice throaty with the pleasure of my snatch. 

I squeezed down on him as I flicked my tongue through Kora's pussy. I licked and lapped, savoring the hot, silky feel of her, the creamy texture of her brother's cum pouring out of her depths and onto my lips. It sent such delight shooting down to my cunt filled with Sven's cock.

He fucked me faster, his strong hands sliding up my sides. I groaned as he cupped my small breasts, my rosy nipples throbbing beneath his strong grip. I whimpered, my pussy tightening on his cock, increasing the friction of his thrusts.

And swelling my own pleasure.

Just ride my sister's face, groaned Sven. She loves eating pussy.

It's so good, moaned Kora.

I bet you can't wait to lick the princess's real pussy, moaned the lamia, pinching her nipples, her body squirming more. Her tail swished back and forth as she purred in delight.

I can't, groaned Kora.

Me, either, I purred between licks, feeling hot juices staining my stony face. I want to taste you. I imagine you taste amazing.

So amazing, groaned Sven, his hands tightening on my breasts, his strokes picking up their pace. Heavy balls, full of cum, thwacked into my clit. She tastes so wonderfully tangy.

Tangy, I groaned, imagining that flavor as I devoured Kora.

I wiggled my tongue into her depths, swirling around and loving her silky texture. She whimpered and groaned, her thighs tightening about my face. She bucked against me, grinding her hot pussy on my lips.

Eating her, giving her pleasure, spurred my orgasm to new heights. I devoured my lover's sister. I ate her pussy as he fucked me hard. He pounded me, plunging over and over into my pussy. He groaned, pinching nipples, sending delight rippling through me.

Driving me towards my climax.

Oh, Sven, yes! I whimpered. I'm going to cum on that big cock.

Ooh, yes, make her cum, brother mine! howled Kora. Her hands squeezed on Zanyia's sleek thighs, pulling down and pressing the lamia's hot cunt tighter against her face. Just flood her with your jizz.

Yes! I groaned.

I will, sister dear! groaned Sven, his voice so thick and throaty, so full of his masculine power.

Master will dump so much yummy cum in you, yowled Zanyia, her fingers rolling her nipples. She flashed me a toothy grin before she shuddered. Oh, Mistress Kora, you're going to make me... Cum!

Her purrs rumbled from her throat as she thrashed on Kora's face. Hot cream ran down Kora's chin, flooding out of the lamia's cunt. I groaned, licking, lapping, loving that naughty passion burning through the night.

My pussy clenched hard on Sven's thrusting dick. He rammed it into my depths. I groaned, shivering. The friction burned through my cunt. I moaned into Kora's snatch, thrusting my tongue deep into her depths.

We came together.

Kora and I both moaned and gasped our rapture. We shuddered, her pussy juices flooding hot across my mouth and chin. I imagined her tangy flavor as I gulped it down. My cunt spasmed on Sven's thrusting cock. Waves of pleasure rippled through me. I moaned and whimpered like Kora did, both our voices muffled by the hot snatch we ate.

My body shuddered. Sven kept ramming that amazing cock over and over into my cumming depths. He churned me up, making me quake and quiver. Juices flooded down my thighs. My eyes rolled back into my head.

Back in my bed, I knew my real body convulsed in ecstasy.

Gods damn, what a hot pussy! groaned Sven, burying into my pussy. Pater's cock!

I felt his hot jizz spurting into me. It splashed against my inner pussy walls, those smooth, rose-quartz surface. He groaned, squeezing my tits as he spurted over and over. He filled me to the brim. Made me tremble and shiver.

Oh, brother mine, flood her! Kora panted. Just spurt so much jizz into her! She needs it.

I so do! I whimpered, my orgasm peaking through me.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aingeal

I plunged a third finger into my pussy while watching Sven and his women fuck. My wings fluttered as I perched in the tree, staring down at their campsite. I loved it. Watching mortals sport was always so much fun, even if one was made out of rose quartz. 

My pussy clenched down on my three fingers stirring it up as the mortals swapped partners. The lamia yowled in rapture as Sven rammed his cock into her asshole, her tail swishing across his broad chest. His sister pushed the stony princess to the ground, parted her thighs, and lapped her brother's cum out of that hot snatch.

I loved incest, too.

These mortals were so much fun. I peered at them, the pleasure swelling in the depths of my cunt. My juices flowed, dribbling down my wrist as I stirred my pussy to a hot froth. Tingles rippled through me, making me whimper and groan.

The sporting mortals didn't hear me. Even if they weren't lost to their lusts, they wouldn't notice me. I cloaked myself in spirits to hide me from them. I could moan as loud as I wanted, just scream out my rapture as I cum.

Fuck my ass, Master! yowled Zanyia.

Yes, bugger your little slave, I purred, my left hand reaching behind me, two fingers finding my own asshole, eager for that delight.

I shuddered, pushing my digits into my hot bowels. My asshole clenched down on my probing fingers while my pussy drank in the rapture of my three fingers pumping in and out of my cunt. I diddled myself faster and faster, reaming them in and out of both my holes.

I loved the difference between the pleasures. The wet, silky glide of digits in my pussy to the velvety heat of violating my own asshole. My body twitched, my large breasts swaying before me. My butterfly-like wings twitched more, flapping behind me as the pleasure built and built.

Lick my cum out of her pussy, sister dear! Sven groaned, his muscular ass clenching as he rammed his cock into the depths of his slave's asshole.

Yes, I purred. 

I am, Kora moaned to her brother before she glued her mouth to the princess's artificial body.

Did the imbuer have a connection to the mortal that bastard Duke Gallchobhar consorted with? Anger surged through me. I jammed my fingers so deep into my holes. My back arched, big tits bouncing as I finger-fucked myself towards a screaming orgasm.

My digits pumped in and out of my holes as fast as I could work them. Pleasure rippled through me. The dual delights churned together in the core of my cunt. My pussy grew juicier and juicier, my bowels hotter and hotter.

Just pound my asshole, Master! 

I shuddered, watching Sven plow his slave's bowels. His balls thwacked into Zanyia's taint over and over. My asshole tightened on my plunging fingers as I vicariously enjoyed the same thrill the lamia did.

I admired the human's muscular back, skin taut and powerful. His buttocks flexed as he plowed over and over into Zanyia's bowels. I wiggled my two fingers as deep into my own asshole, trembling in delicious rapture.

Rithi's beautiful eye! groaned Kora, her round breasts jiggling, the ruby amulet glinting between those firm tits. Eat my snatch.

The pattern of vines tattooed on her left breast drew my attention from her amulet. I plunged my fingers in and out of my cunt as fast as I could, stirring myself to a hot froth as I studied the way the vines wrapped about her breast. The pink flowers were so delicate, opening up like a hot pussy.

My wings fluttered. I groaned, trembling on my perch. I plunged my digits so fast into my two holes, sending ripples of pleasure through me as I admired the art on Kora's body. Why did she mark her pale flesh so?

I wanted to ask her.

But I couldn't. I needed to watch. To bide my time until the real fun began.

Just eat my pussy, Ava! howled Kora.

Yes, yes, eat her pussy, purred, my thumb rubbing my clit. My little bud drank in the sensation. Trembles raced through me. I whimpered and groaned. My eyes rolled back into my head.

I'm going to cum on your mouth, princess!

Do it! moaned the princess, her rose quartz rump wiggling from side-to-side, crystals flashing and reflecting the light.

Her stony body was so beautiful. I licked my lips, wanting to flutter down and part her pussy's folds, to lick a cunt made of such gorgeous material. My hot snatch clenched down hard on my three probing fingers, bringing me closer and closer to my eruption.

My big tits jiggled and swayed. My thumb rubbed harder on my clit as I worked those three fingers in and out of my snatch. The pressure built and built in me, threatening to spill out of me. My butterfly wings flapped harder, the branch I perched on creaking as I swayed.

Gods, yes! Sven grunted. What a hot, tight ass.

His moans drew my attention. He fucked his lamia slave with such hard, fast strokes. She yowled and whimpered, her tail swiping across his muscular chest. I recognized the throes of ecstasy burning through her, knowing her asshole massaged Sven's thrusting cock.

He neared his pleasure. I licked my lips in anticipation.

Yes, yes, cum in my ass, Master! yowled the lamia. I love it! Ooh, yes!

Sven groaned and gasped as he pumped his cum over and over into his slave's asshole. I whimpered, perched on the cusp of my orgasm. I wiggled my fingers in the depths of my cunt, plunged others deep into my asshole.

Oh, Kora, yes! howled the princess, her rose-quartz tits jiggling like they were made of firm flesh and not stone. You're so amazing!

And I see why my brother loves this pussy, Kora purred.

Yes, he does! I hissed, eyes flicking back to the stud who kept three women, including his own sister, satiated with his cock.

My orgasm detonated in me. My pussy and asshole writhed about my digits. Two different delights surged through me. One burned from my asshole, the other washed from my pussy. I loved them both, stars dancing before my eyes. I sucked in deep breaths, trembling on the branch. It creaked beneath me. My butterfly-like wings flapped behind me, celebrating my pleasure.

Such rapture reached my mind. I loved it. I drank in all the sensations surging through me. These mortals were so much fun. And I would have even more fun with them. Ooh, I couldn't wait to play my pranks on them.

And I needed to uncover just why they wanted to track down a fairy like me.

So what is your plan now? the princess asked, she and Kora cuddling up beside Sven, the lamia licking her own ass off his cock. 

What a well-trained slave. I approved.

Since you've escaped my father's soldiers? added the princess.

Father? Soldiers? They called her princess? Was she Prince Meinard's daughter? It explained how she could be an imbuer. Why would her father's soldiers hunt her lovers? Such intrigue. My wings fluttered. I leaned over the branch.

We'll head east to the farming villages, Sven said. We need to find a virgin to attract the fairy. She's important.

I grinned. I liked feeling important. But why did they need me unless...? Did they need to cross over into Faerie? I hadn't returned since that bastard's malfeasance. 

Oh, no, the princess said. My father needs me. I have to go. I love you Sven. And you, too, Kora.

And me, princess? the lamia asked.

Of course I love you. You're such a naughty slave. You take care of my Sven.

Zanyia's tail swished violently back and forth, a purr rumbling in her throat. I will, princess!

Then her statue shrank as her soul returned to her own body. I perched on the branch, considering everything I'd learned. Ideas danced in my head. Naughty pranks to pull on Sven and his women. I hit on one that made me beam in delight.

Chapter Twenty-Nine: Seduction By Proxy

Zanyia  Hos Elv, The Princedom of Kivoneth, The Strifelands of Zeutch

I strolled through town, humans stopping to watch me saunter by, staring at my nudity. It was so foolish of them. Their species put such an allure on nudity. It was almost taboo to them. They only showed off their bodies to lovers. Only the wanton whores at a tavern exposed themselves. Humans would never do it just walking down the street of their farming village.

Hos Elv was a tiny town, a collection of cottages with thatched roof and a single inn dominating the heart of the village next to a tavern called the Foamy Delight. The Zeutchian humans all had the look of farmers, wearing rough clothing. I sniffed each of them I could, trying to find a virgin.

It took us two days of walking to escape the forest and find Hos Elv. Now we just had to find the virgin to use as bait for the fairy. Luckily, my keen nose would suffice. My tail wiggled as I inhaled deeply, and caught the scent of something innocent.

I spotted the girl, twin pigtail braids falling down the front of her dress, a white bodice with a brown skirt that came up to just below her tits, two straps slung over her shoulders, almost framing her youthful tits. She was perhaps fourteen, fresh-faced and delicious. I marked her scent and her appearance then darted off to find Master.

He was in the Foamy Delight with a busty bar maid on his lap, her tits out for his enjoyment. His blue eyes slid over and found me. A tremble of excitement raced through me as I scampered to him, tail swishing behind me.

I found her, Master!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sven Falk

I took a deep gulp of the cool well water. That is refreshing, Goodwife Agathe.

You're most welcome, sir, the farm wife said, a busty woman wearing the same style of high-waisted dress, coming up to just below her large breasts, that the women of the nearby village wore. She had brown hair tied back at the nape of her neck by a green ribbon, leaving her mature and fair face exposed. Her blue eyes sparkled. And what brought you down my farm lane on such a hot spring day?

I gave her a roguish grin. Just looking for refreshment. As you said, the day is surprisingly warm for spring.

She nodded her head. Good for growing crops.

I glanced out at her fields. I don't see your husband working them. I knew exactly where he was. Is he in the barn?

He took the cheese to market in the village, she said, her voice tight. Be gone all day.

Sure he's not drinking at the Foamy Delight? I asked, arching my eyebrows.

She rolled her eyes.

I bet he's just eyeing those busty maids that serve drink there.

Men always like younger flesh, she said, heat in her voice.

I shook my head in disappointment. When he has a perfect bed warmer here. A woman with curves makes for far more pleasant company than a scrawny lass.

She smiled, her back straightening just a tad, almost thrusting her tits at me. And what would you know about enjoying curvy women in bed.

Well, I always do love to see their generous flesh jiggle as I devour their pussies, I grinned. Nothing like a pair of big, lush tits quivering above as you eat a woman's quim.

Her smile grew, tongue moistening lips. 

Out of the corner of my eye, I spotted the youthful face peering out of the barn. Nathalie, the virgin marked by Zanyia's keen nose. I moved closer to her mother, loving the audience, knowing I'd awaken desires in the virgin's flesh.

When was the last time your husband made your tits quiver?

Too long, the woman said, her hands grabbing her long hair, pulling it over her shoulders to play with it. The brown strands draped across her full blouse, nipples growing hard. She swayed her hips. Much too long.

Too busy making those hussies at the Foamy Delight quiver, eh, Goodwife Agathe? I asked, moving closer. No time to make his wife gasp like a maiden on her wedding night.

Rose bloused Agathe's cheeks. She flicked her eyes up and down. Are you the type of man who would poach another man's wife?

Is it poaching if he's not taking care of her? I touched her warm cheek, caressing down to her plump lips. I stroked them, watching her quiver. Why should he get all the fun?

Nathalie gripped the farm door, watching her mother surrender to me. Her blue eyes so wide as I leaned over and captured her mother's lips. The goodwife didn't fight as I pushed her back towards the entrance of her farmhouse, our tongues caressing. Her arms went around my neck, clutching to me, her body starved for affection.

The farmhouse was small, a single room with curtains dangling to separate the two beds, one bigger than the other. I guided Goodwife Agathe to her marital bed, my cock so hard in my leather trousers. I pushed the busty woman down on the hay-stuffed mattress, breaking our kiss.

She blushed like a maiden surrendering herself for the first time. She pushed off the straps from her shoulder holding up her skirt. Then her fingers unlaced her bodice as I drew off my shirt, exposing my muscular body to her hungry gaze.

And her daughter's.

I noticed the virgin Nathalie peering through a window, her eyes wide as she witnessed her mother's infidelity. I fought against the urge to glance at her, to acknowledge her presence. It wasn't time for that. Yet.

I need this, the goodwife moaned, rubbing at my cock through my leather trousers, her big breasts exposed to my hungry gaze. They swayed, so soft and pillowy, her nipples dark-red and so hard, just begging to be sucked on.

You'll get it, I grinned, my dick twitching. After I make you quiver.

She let out a panting moan and shoved down her skirt while lifting her ass to expose her body beneath. She pulled off her blouse last then stretched naked on her marital bed. Her big tits formed two soft mounds, her thighs parting to expose a thick, brown bush soaked with her juices. The married woman ran fingers down her stomach to her pubic hair, twining them about her digits.

Mmm, come feast on my married pie, she moaned. No one's had a tasted of me in far, far too long.

What a crime, I groaned. Your husband should be pilloried for not satiating this delicious snatch.

Yes! she gasped as I leaned down.

I could feel the virgin's eyes boring down on me, unable to look away as my nuzzled into her mother's hair pussy. Silky pubic hair tickled my face. She had a sweet musk that made my dick hard. I found her labia, thick and engorged with her excitement.

I licked.

Her big breasts quivered just like I promised. She let out a wanton moan, her hips grinding against my face. She sucked in deep breaths, smearing hot pussy against my lips, her pubic hair tickling my chin and cheeks. I loved the feel of her on my face, savored her taste. I licked again and again, feasting on her.

Her husband was such a fool for ignoring this hot pie. So sweet. So delicious. My tongue gathered her cream. I savored it as I explored her flesh, making the goodwife moan out her delight. The bed creaked as she humped against me.

And her virgin daughter watched.

The perfect thing for the young girl to see. To witness her mother's pleasure. The pleasure of a woman the virgin craved to be. Nathalie's untouched cunt would grow hot. She'd squirm, fidgeting, watching me bring her mother closer and closer to her orgasm.

Oh, yes, you stud! gasped Goodwife Agathe. Ooh, eat my married pussy. I need this. I haven't had a proper orgasm in years! Yes, yes, feast! Gods, what a blessing. Thank you, Slata, for sending this man to me for refreshment.

Such sweet refreshment, I groaned. Better than well water.

Uh-huh, she whimpered.

My tongue flew through her folds, brushing her clit. She shuddered every time. Her juices flowed, coating my chin and cheeks. I drank down her sweet cream, loving the flavor. My dick ached in my leather trousers, begging to fuck her.

Not yet. She needed her pleasure first. Her daughter needed to witness the rapture I give women.

I ignored my own lusts, controlled them. A real man dominated his own desires. I wasn't controlled by them. I could hold off on my need to cum while I pleasured my woman. While I worshiped at her cunt.

And what a delicious cunt Goodwife Agathe possessed. I devoured her married pussy. I licked and lapped up every drop of sweet pussy cream she had. I reveled in the flavor, in the feel of her. She gasped and moaned, trembling, her hands squeezing her big, soft tits.

Oh, yes! she gasped. Ooh, this is what I need. Slata, yes!

Let yourself go, I groaned between licks. Just let yourself cum. You deserve it for putting up with such a negligent husband.

Yes, yes, yes! she howled, smearing her hot pussy on my lips.

I latched onto her clit. Sucked hard.

Her blue eyes widened. Her body bucked. Loud moans escaped her lips. Hot juices gushed out of her pussy. I devoured the flood. I savored the sweet cream pouring out of her. I drank it down, savoring in her flavor. 

It made my dick so hard. 

It throbbed in my pants. I ignored it as I licked and lapped, drinking down every drop of sweet pussy cream I could. A hopeless task. She kept producing more and more for me to devour. My tongue caressed her pussy, keeping the pleasure surging through her.

Slata's hairy cunt, yes! howled the goodwife. Oh, this is amazing.

I felt Nathalie's eyes burning on me as she witnessed her mother's passionate surrender to the pleasure I provided.

Just keep licking me! whined the goodwife. Oh, that's so good. I need this. I need this so much!

Enjoy! I groaned before latching onto her clit again.

I sucked on her hard nub, my face pressed into her hot cunt. She bucked harder, another orgasm bursting through her. She gasped and moaned, smearing her hot cunt against my face. Every one of my breaths full of her sweet scent.

She squeezed her big tits hard as she thrashed. Her fingers sank into those lush tits. I shuddered, my right hand reaching up her convulsing body. I grabbed her tit beneath her hand, savoring the feel of her plump flesh.

Gods, yes! howled the goodwife. Oh, you are such a stud! You must be one of Slata's divine sons! She sent you to me to give you pleasure.

Maybe she did, I grinned, lifting my face from her pussy. I licked at my lips, savoring her sweet cream. I rose, her eyes falling on my crotch. Maybe she guided me down the road because she knew you needed satisfaction. It could be true. Slata was the Goddess of Wives and Women. Her husband, Pater, was forever cheating on her. Maybe she wanted wives out there to cuckold their husbands when they weren't being satiated.

The trembling goodwife lunged upright, her big tits heaving. Her hands fumbled at the laces of my trousers. She shoved them down and pulled out my big dick. She groaned, stroking my girth in her soft hand while licking her lips.

You're bigger than my husband, she panted, stretching onto her back, her hand guiding me between her thighs.

Well, if Slata sent me, she'd want you to get the most amount of pleasure possible.

Yes! the goodwife groaned, rubbing my dick up and down her married pussy.

I heard a whimpering gasp. I pictured Nathalie watching us, her blue eyes so wide, her cheeks so rosy. She must be quivering. I shuddered, so eager to show her the pleasure a man's cock provided a woman. To awaken her virgin snatch to all the possibilities I could give her.

I thrust froward. 

I buried into Agathe's married cunt. Her tight, hot, silky sheath surrounded me. She wasn't joking about my cock being bigger than her husband's. She felt almost virginal around my dick. She let out a whimper, her body shuddering in rapture as I sank into her hot depths.

This pussy belonged to another man. I groaned, savoring the delight of cuckolding the farmer, of penetrating his wife's snatch. I savored the heat burning around me. The silky depths clutching hard to my dick.

Oh, Slata, thank you! the goodwife moaned, her limbs hugging my body tight. Ooh, this is what I need. A man to please me.

Yes, you do, I groaned, savoring the heat of her pussy. A man fucking you, Plowing his cock over and over into that hot cunt, just making you explode.

Uh-huh, she whimpered, her pussy clenching on my dick. I need that so badly. Fuck my married cunt! Give me the pleasure my husband's denied me!

I drew back my dick through her hot pussy. Her married flesh clung to my dick. The friction burned about the crown of my cock. I groaned, savoring the heat. My eyes rolled back into my head, my balls tightening.

I thrust forward. My dick rammed back into her married depths. My balls smacked her taint. She groaned, pulling me down tight. Her big breasts rubbing soft into my chest, her nipples hard. I loved the contrasting delights.

She kissed me. She groaned, savoring the taste of her own pussy on my lips. Her hips undulated, bucking into my thrust as our tongues dueled. I savored it, the heat of her cunt massaging my dick. Her daughter watching with such wide eyes.

Nathalie's presence made this sweeter. It drove me to perform.

I broke the kiss, gasping, Tell me how much you love my cock fucking your cunt, Goodwife Agathe!

So much! she gasped, her fingernails raking my back. Ooh, yes, I need this. I need a big, thick cock fucking my cunt. Plow me! Make me explode on your dick.

Then I'm going to pump so much jizz into your snatch!

Yes! Her fingernails bit. Her thighs tightened about my dick. Just flood my cunt with your seed! Till my snatch!

Yes, yes, yes! I grunted, thrusting forward, my balls thwacking louder against her taint.

The slap of flesh on flesh echoed through the farmhouse. The naughty sound mixed with the creak of her bed and the whimpers of pleasure from her mouth. She groaned and gasped, trembling beneath me as she fucked me back hard.

Her body drank in the pleasure of my dick plowing into her. Her pussy grew hotter around my dick, tighter. She clenched down hard, moaning, gasping. Her body quivered beneath me, face twisting with rapture.

She came.

That's it! I gasped, thrusting into her convulsing cunt. Milk my cock with that married cunt! You want my jizz so badly!

So badly! she whimpered. Ooh, just flood me. Pump your cum into my married depths. I need it.

Nathalie mouthed, I need it.

I shuddered, the virgin's eyes propelling my hips to thrust hard into her mother's cumming cunt. I shuddered, the friction of spasming pussy had my dick throbbing. My balls tensed, smacking over and over into her taint.

Pater's cock! I howled as I buried into her depths.

And came.

My spunk spurted out of me. Powerful blasts of jizz that had me groaning. The pleasure surged through me. Stars danced before my eyes as her hot snatch milked my pussy. She squealed in delight, bucking beneath me.

Yes, yes, cum in me! I love it! So hot! So amazing! It's the best!

Yes, it is, I groaned, her married pussy writhing about my dick as I spilled the last spurts of cum into her. Gods damn, but you know how to use your cunt. Your husband should worship this pussy.

He should, she moaned and then grinned at me. But it means you get to enjoy what he's ignored.

Lucky me, I purred and gave her another kiss.

I left the goodwife panting, my cum flooding out of her pussy, as I dressed. She had a huge smile on her lips, her fingers playing with my jizz. She brought her fingers to her lips, sucking them clean. She didn't say a word as I left, just thankful for her afternoon delight.

Nathalie lingered outside, her slim body trembling, her cheeks burning, nipples poking at her blouse. Her braided pigtails swayed as she saw me. She backed away, looking like a frightened rabbit one moment and a hungry vixen the next.

Well, aren't you just as pretty as your mother? I grinned.

She swallowed, the hungry vixen in her winning out over the frightened rabbit. Her virgin body wanted to prove herself a woman. And who better to do that with than a man who'd fucked her mother? She put on a coquettish smile, trying to stand in a pose that flattered her body's slim curves.

Just beautiful, I grinned, advancing on her.

Chapter Thirty: Pleasant Pastime
Kora Falk

Oh, yes, princess, I moaned, lying on my back in our camp at the forest's edge. I shuddered, humping my pussy against the rosy lips of Ava's proxy, the stone tongue lapping through my folds. Mmm, I wish you could taste how hot you make me.

Me, too, Princess Ava moaned, the flecks of crystal in her eyes gleaming in the setting sun. But once you reach my father's secret and stop his army, then we can be together for real.

You'll marry my brother, I moaned. And I'll be his spinster sister.

And our bed warmer, grinned the princess, her rose-quartz face smeared in my pussy juices. Sneaking in at night to revel in passion with us.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, eager to share the princess with my brother.

Such joy beat in my heart. It handed dwindled at all over the last few days. The incestuous love I shared with Sven didn't have to end with our vengeance. We could continue to share our passion for each other. I was so thankful that Ava understood our love. Approved of it.

Was willing to share it.

Your brother will have quite the harem, grinned Ava. She took a fluttering lick through my pussy, ending on my clit. Me, you, Zanyia. And there's my bedmaid, Greta. I want to see Sven take her cherry and fuck her hard.

Ooh, you wicked princess, I said then gasped, her lips sucking hard on my clit.

So wicked, she moaned between sucks and nibbles on my bud.

I shuddered, the pleasure rippling through me. I humped against her lapping tongue, my fingers stroking her strange, stony hair. My fingers caressed the thick locks of carved hair, lick and ropy and so smooth. I pulled her face tight against my pussy, my round breasts jiggling as she licked and lapped.

I stared up at the tree above us, the branches swaying, almost moaning like it shared the same wicked pleasure as me. That made me grin, imagining a tree cumming thanks to a wicked princess's licking mouth.

Or maybe just getting off on watching our lesbian passion.

Ooh, yes, princess, I moaned, staring up at the swaying branches, leaves so dark as twilight deepened. Just devour my snatch. Make me cum on those royal lips.

Yes! Shower me in your tangy cream!

The princess jabbed two fingers into my snatch. I whimpered, my pussy clenching down on them. My body shuddered, such hot rapture rippling through me. I humped against her plunging digits, loving every moment of them penetrating my hot snatch while her tongue flicked against my clit, attacking it, driving it wild.

My bud drank in the sensations. My pussy tightened on her plunging fingers every time she buried them into my snatch. My cunt drank in the friction, making my body heave, my round breasts jiggled. I moaned out my passion into the evening air.

You naughty princess! I gasped, my entire body bucking as she slipped a finger into my asshole.
Her finger probed deep into my bowels. I shuddered, the digit wiggling in me, adding such a velvety delight to her other actions. My asshole clenched down on her finger, my pussy drinking in the pumping glide of her other two digits.

I humped against her, her tongue flicking faster and faster at my clit. My orgasm burned through me, growing, swelling, driving me wild. My eyes rolled back into my head. I let out a whimpering groan of rapture as her fingers curled in my snatch.

Brushed that special spot.

Princess! I howled, quivering in rapture. Oh, princess, yes!

I came.

My pussy and asshole writhed about her probing fingers. My juices flooded out hot around her digits, splashing her rose quartz face. Pleasure rippled through my body as she lapped up my cream. Her tongue danced across my pussy lips, keeping the rapture alive in me. I groaned and gasped, trembling as it spilled through me.

Gave me such wonderful delight.

Stars burst before my eyes. I imagined the tree moaning louder with me, cumming in tandem with the rapture exploding out of my cunt. My body bucked and heaved. My fingers pulled at the bedding I thrashed on, gripping it as the ecstasy drown my mind.

Such a hot pussy, groaned the princess. Mmm, so much cream pouring out of you.

So much! I whimpered then gasped as she sucked on my labia with her lips. They felt so real. So alive despite being made out of quartz. Ava!

Mistress Kora!

As I thrashed, Zanyia scampered into camp, her tail swishing behind her, firm tits jiggling. She threw herself on her knees beside me, staring down at my cumming face. She licked her lips, her entire body bursting with excitement.

We found her! squealed the lamia.

Wonderful, I moaned, my pleasure peaking in me.

A moment later, I heard the clop of hooves. Then Sven appeared, riding a roan horse and leading a second mount, a palfrey. A girl sat on the saddle before him, maybe fourteen, her blonde, braided pigtails bouncing across her chest. Her cheeks were rosy, her eyes were wide.

Oh, my, the girl gasped. 

I told you we were on an important quest, Sven said, holding her tight. And you're so important for us to complete it. You're just want we need.

The virgin beamed as she squirmed.

I shuddered in pure delight. One more step to stopping Prince Meinard and avenging our murdered parents and sister.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Princess Ava  Echur, The Princedom of Kivoneth, The Strifelands of Zeutch

She's perfect, I beamed as I opened the eyes of my real body. I lay in my bedchambers in my father's castle, my bedmaid lifting her face from my thighs. My cream adorned her lips, her golden-blonde pigtails framing her mischievous face. 

Who is, princess? she asked, licking her lips, sweeping up my fresh-tasting cream.

Nathalie, I sighed as Greta crawled up my body. She liked licking me while I inhabited proxies.

Is she the virgin?

I nodded pulling Great close to me. They'll have the fairy soon. And then I'm going to be Sven's wife. I gave my bedmaid a naughty grin. And you know what that means, don't you?

She licked her lips, trembling. No.

My hand slid down my bedmaid's naked back to cup her ass. I pulled her close to me, feeling her wet pussy and thick, silky bush rub on my thigh. He's going to pop that cherry. My husband is going to break in your pussy.

The girl trembled, her blue eyes so wide. If that's how you want to spend my cherry. She snuggled closer to me, humping that hot pussy on my thigh. But it seems like such a waste to me.

A waste? I frowned. Giving your virginity to the man I love is a waste?

Well, he loves you. Nothing will change that, least of all giving him my virgin twat. Greta nuzzled her lips into my ear. But I had an idea. A way you could get true value from my cherry.

I squeezed her sixteen-year-old rump. What? 

My eyes widened as Greta whispered her naughty plan.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aingeal  Forest of Lhes, The Princedom of Kivoneth, The Strifelands of Zeutch

What an appealing virgin, I purred, pulling my fingers out of my pussy. I licked my honey-flavored cream off of them as the mortals settled in for the night. Nathalie intrigued me. Her purity made me flutter. It was so alien to a fairy.

So unique.

Even knowing she was a trap made me want to swoop down and have fun with her. My butterfly wings fluttered. But I had a naughtier plan. Something far, far wickeder My heart quivered in excitement.

It was time to let the fun begin.

To be continued...