Story Codes - FF bd bondage caution cons dom ds Fdom snuff veg

Andrea laid the cooking twine down upon the island counter in the middle of her spacious kitchen, where Amy was standing, looking slightly nervous.  Andrea gave her a warm smile to reassure her as she began to help Amy out of her running shoes.  "Don't look so worried, Amy dear!  You are going to look fabulous once I'm finished with you!"

For some reason, this did not seem to reassure Amy at all, and especially the emphasis that Andrea put on the word "finished" seemed to make her squirm in her socks.  "But...but you know I've told you, Andrea...I'm not into being cooked...not like some of the girls in this place..."  

Andrea laughed as she tugged Amy's cute little socks off her lovely feet and dropped them on top of the sneakers in the waste basket.  She shook her head with amusement while unbuttoning Amy's shorts.  "You know as well as I do that your being `into it' doesn't really matter.  Your number's come up, Amy dear, and that means you're the main course at the dinner in Mayor Perro's honor tonight."

Andrea hooked her thumbs into the waistband of Amy's shorts and panties and pulled them downward together over the young woman's thighs and calves.  "But don't pretend the idea of being snuffed doesn't turn you on, because everyone in Dolcettville knows better, dear."  She lifted Amy's quivering but unresisting legs so she could pull the shorts and panties out from under her feet and disposed of them as well.  

Andrea ran the tips of her fingers back up along the front of Amy's thighs and hips, slipping them beneath the bottom of her shirt.  As she started pulling the other woman's top up over her torso she added, "I have to admit, though, that even though you might not take as much pleasure in this as some meat girls in town, I'm still happy I got to volunteer to assist you.  There's somthing about you, Amy, that I can't help but find just...mouthwatering...."  She gave Amy's firm and perky breasts a good, hard squeeze before continuing to remove her shirt, pulling it over Amy's head and dropping it also into the garbage.

Amy still looked pretty frightened, and Andrea had to secretly admit to herself that she enjoyed it, but still she wanted to do something to comfort her new friend before the end.  "I tell you what, Amy.  It doesn't really matter if I truss you up before or after I snuff you, so I'll let you choose."  She grabbed the roll of cooking twine from the counter and held it up in front of Amy.  "Do you want to go right now, or would you like to live a little bit longer while I get you ready for the oven?"

Amy's expression was visibly torn at this question.  Andrea watched her glance move from the roll of white twine in Andrea's hand to the large, covered roasting pan that sat in front of her expensive oven.  After a few moments of hesitation, Amy spoke up.  "I want to live!  I mean, at least a while longer...if you'll let me..."

Andrea grinned and patted the counter beside her naked victim.  "Good girl.  Hop up on the counter and lay back, facing upward please."

Amy still shook as she climbed up onto the counter top, feeling how cool it was as she stretched out across it, laying her hands upon her bare tummy and staring up at the ceiling.  "What are you going to do to me?" she asked in a tremulous voice.

Andrea got to work as she spoke, walking around Amy's prone body toward the sink to wash her hands.  "Well, first I'll have to season you a bit.  Then we'll get you bound up and into the pan, with some fresh veggies from the community garden, and the wine base I just finished heating will go over everything.  After that its right into the oven for you, Amy dear.  Very simple, really."

"But..but..." Amy lifted her head up and turned it to face Andrea as the other woman returned to her side with a small metal pan and a plastic brush.  "But you said you wouldn't cook me alive!"

Andrea gave Amy another of her warm smiles.  "Don't you worry about that, Amy.  A promise is a promise.  Before you end up in the oven you will be good and finished.  Speaking of which," she said as she sat the pan and brush down beside the naked meatgirl, "I forgot to turn the oven on!"  She stepped quickly to the front of her favorite appliance and cranked up the dial to three hundred degrees.  There was a sputtering sound, and then the audible whoosh of gas flames igniting deep inside.  

Andrea returned to Amy's side and laid a hand oh her forehead, pushing her back down onto the counter with gentle insistence.  "Now this will probably tickle a bit, but do try to be a good girl and keep from squirming too much."  She dipped the plastic brush into the pan beside it and brought it to the flesh of Amy's flat tummy, dripping with a mix of olive oil and paprika.  

In spite of her obvious nerves, Amy still giggled a little as Andrea diligently covered her naded front with the mixture, making sure not to miss a single spot.  She let the thick bristles tease her friend a little bit, paying more attention to the meatgirl's nipples than was strictly necessary, and also to the top of her slightly flushed sex.  When she was finished painting Amy's naked body with the oil, she pushed the pan and brush aside and grabbed for the twine.

"Ok, Amy, here comes the fun part!  I want you to lift your knees for me till your calves are touching your thighs, please."  Amy bit her lip as she complied, but she made no outward protest.  Andrea was glad that even if the other woman was a bit frightened, she was at least trying to go out with a bit of dignity.

Andrea unspooled a long length of twine and snipped it with a pair of kitchen shears.  Then she proceeded to wrap the cord very snuggly around Amy's right knee, slowly coiling it down over her firm thigh and calf, binding them tightly together so that the flesh slightly bulged between the cords.  Andrea was sure it was a little uncomfortable, but she guessed that Amy had probably been tied up before, and this wasn't anything she couldn't handle.  Otherwise she wouldn't have given Amy the choice of living this long.

When Amy's right lower limb was properly trussed, Andrea stepped around the counter with a second length of twine, and she repeated the maneuver with the meatgirl's left leg, binding it to perfectly match her right.  When she was finished with the other woman's lower limbs, she moved onto Amy's arms.  She took her left wrist in one hand and extended her arm out, then folded it up against itself, while with her other hand she started wrapping more twine around it too.  

After about five minutes, all of Amy's limbs were securely fastened against themselves, and Andrea took a step back to appreciate the sight.  "You look so adorable all tied up like that, Amy.  Its a shame we didn't get to have any fun like this together before your last day arrived."  Then she lifted the heavy lid off of the roasting pot that was already full of clean and sliced vegetables, and placed it aside.

Andrea moved to the counter again and slid her arms beneath the back of Amy's neck and just under her firm bottom.  "Time to get you into the pot now, dear.  Don't squirm.  You're kind of slippery as it is, and I don't want to drop the Mayor's meal on the floor!"  She laughed at her own little joke as she carried Amy over to the large pan and gently lowered her onto the bed of vegetables.

Amy was obviously getting more nervous by the second, especially now that she was actually in the pan and right in front of the preheating oven.  Andrea took something off of the stove top and knelt down beside her.  "Just relax, Amy.  I promise it will all be over in a few minutes for you.  Now I need to pour in the base.  Its a bit of my own invention, with red wine, tomato sauce, a bit of worcestershire and some special seasonings.  I guarantee it will make your flesh just melt in the Mayor's mouth!  It is a bit warm, but I took it off the heat a while ago, so it shouldn't burn."

Before Amy could comment, Andrea tipped the pan she was holding over the bound meatgirl and began to cover her in the crimson colored liquid.  It was indeed warm, very warm, but not so hot as to cause pain, and as it slowly spread out over and around Amy, it seemed to relax her just a little bit.  Andrea smiled as she finished emptying the pan over Amy's firm breasts, then placed the empty vessel back on top of the stove.  

"We're almost done, Amy," she said in a soothing tone.  "Just two minor details to take care of before you begin to cook.  First," she said as she reached into the refrigerator beside the oven, "we need to add a bit of stuffing in that pretty pussy of yours."  She took out what looked to Amy like one of the larger carrots she'd ever seen, and dipped it into the the sauce that filled the bottom of the pan.  "I'll be honest, Amy.  This part isn't, strictly speaking, totally necessary.  But I'm going to enjoy it anyway."  

She reached into the pan and gently spread one of Amy's bound thighs to one side, and then she pressed the wet point of the vegetable against the meatgirl's labia, pushing them gently apart.  She twisted the carrot as she began to slide it inside, continuing to feed its length into Amy's helpless body until it had halfway disappeared.  Then, teasingly, Andrea pulled it back again, almost removing it completely.  She repeated this game over and over again, steadily increasing the rhythm by which she skewered Amy's sex with the bulbous vegetable, and even though Amy was still frightened, her body began to respond of its own accord.  Soon she was writhing in the sauce as much as her bindings would allow, and she could feel an unbidden climax beginning to well up deep inside her.  

Andrea suddenly stopped, leaving the carrot only partly inserted, and reached for a last piece of cooking twine.  "I can tell you're almost ready to pop, girl," she whispered into Amy's left ear, as she brushed the meatgirl's damp hair to one side of her lovely neck.  "I think now is the right time to finish you off." 

Amy sucked in a gasp at Andrea's words and opened her mouth to protest, to beg for just a little more time, or at least for Andrea to finish what she'd started with the carrot before she snuffed the poor girl, but it was too late for her to speak.  The thin cord was already around her throat, and Andrea was tying it tight against the back of her neck, completely cutting off her air.

As Amy started to panic in the pan, Andrea reached between her bound, wiggling thighs, and grabbed the carrot once more.  She started shoving it hard into Amy's pussy, really and truly fucking her with the wet vegetable now.  Amy's trussed up body began to spasm, partly from her natural fight for the air she would never taste again, and partly from the irresistible climax that Andrea forced upon her.  

Andrea thought this sight was so beautiful that she couldn't resist stealing a brief kiss from her dying victim.  She leaned down and pressed her lips against Amy's own, parted and slightly purple ones, and savored the taste of her for the briefest of moments.  Amy wasn't really in a position to return the affection anymore.  Her body was almost finished, and her vision began to tunnel.  Her eyes were wide and bulging a bit, and Andrea gazed into them for a few more seconds, trying to see if there was anything of Amy left inside that still pretty head.  

Then, while Amy's vision started to fade, Andrea rose and covered her over with the lid.  She opened the oven door and hefted the pan, no easy task for her, but she managed it, and slowly slid Amy into the stove to cook.  Gently closing the oven door after her, she turned and walked away, heading for the phone so she could dial the Mayor and let him know his special dinner was on its way.

email me at andreadarling@outlook.com

thanks for reading :)