It's midday on Sunday, a few hours before they have to leave. They've spent a few nice hours lounging by the pool, until the sight of Vala in her bikini became a little too tempting. A splash fight turned a little handsy and they relocated into their room to romp.

Vala's lounging on the bed, her hair curling and damp after the pool, the remote in her hand as she flips through the television stations with fascination. Cam laughs and comments on the television shows that she leaves it on for more than five seconds.

She's on an episode of Family Guy when his phone rings. He fumbles for it, leaning over and giving her a nice view of his boxer brief clad ass.

"Ooh baby," Vala catcalls, throwing a pillow at his ass. Her show is amusing but watching the way the cotton stretches over Cams ass is much nicer.

Her attention is torn away from the tv permanently when she notice how Cams entire demeanor changes as soon as he answers the phone.

"This is Mitchell," he says, recognizing the number right away as coming from one of the base landlines.

"Cam," Sam says. "Listen, I'm really sorry to interrupt your weekend, but we've... a little bit of a situation here."

"What kind of situation?" His voice goes terse. "Is it... someone misbehaving?"

"Not this time," Sam answers, instantly getting the reference without Cam having to spell it out. "Well, sort of. He's being somewhat cooperative... but the information we're getting from him might cause some problems."

"Do you need me back?" He's afraid that it might be some sort of foothold situation, or time sensitive matter.

"Not yet," Sam says. "We've just gotten some intel that Athena might actually be on earth already."

Athena is one of the names that has been bandied about in their little interrogations, but so far they hadn't been able to get any location information regarding any of the Goa'uld from Ba'al.

Vala falls quiet, assuming that Cam is speaking with work. She's hoping to overhear something that can tell her more about where it is he works and what it is he does.

It's hard for her to hear much from where she's sitting but she does catch one word: Athena.

Her eyes widen as she thinks about it, wondering what exactly it's in reference to.

"Well," Cam says, falling silent. There's not much he can say... not with Vala right there. "Look, Carter, you've got the situation under control right now?"

Sam is pretty well versed in that sort of speak. She understands right away that someone is around, and he can't really talk. "Go back to your vacation, but..."

"Yeah, I got you," he says. "Call me if something changes."

He hangs up, distracted now thinking of the threat that a Goa'uld on earth could pose.

"What's up Cam?" She asks, sitting up and trying to looks as innocent as she possibly can.

"Just work stuff... nothing big." He shrugs, letting his phone drop to the bed beside him and then reaching for the remote that she's abandoned. He flips aimlessly.

"Nothing you need to worry about..?" Vala leads slightly. She hopes the innocent expression on her face actually works. "I mean, I don't want like, the world to blow up or anything just because you're entertaining me." She gives him another huge smile and scoots closer to him.

He laughs and puts an arm around her. "The world will not blow up before you get a chance to wear those new shoes, I promise you that."

"Oh phew," she laughs and leans into him, curling up and getting comfortable. "So, you have a girl on your team named Athena? Is that after the goddess? Hell of a name...." Vala continues innocently.

"Huh? Oh, no, it's not... not a team member. It's sort of..." He tries to think of a way to explain it that won't raise any alarm bells. Vala catches on fast, he's realizes. Of course, the Stargate system and alien bad guys with worms in their guts isn't really a jump of logic anyone in their right mind would make. "It's a code name, I guess you could say. Classified stuff... anyway, that's boring work stuff. I think we can come up with something a little more interesting to talk about."

"Ooh, gotcha," Vala says, nodding. It could be entirely true, a code name for their adversaries to keep from using real names but the coincidence is uncanny. And if there is one thing Vala doesn't overlook, its a coincidence. She files this away along with everything else she's picked up about his job.

"Hey," he stops the tv on a movie channel, his face lighting up. "Star Wars - and one of the good ones, sweet. I just introduced my buddy T to this movie not long ago. Can you believe, he'd never seen it?"

Vala blinks, not understanding at all really. "Uh, right. Who hasn't seen this, obviously?" She agrees, looking back to the screen to try and figure out what it was they were watching.

"So," he says, settling back onto the bed. "Are you a Han Solo girl or a Luke girl?"

"Um... " Vala starts, not sure how to answer that. "I'm a Cam girl," she decides, sliding onto his lap. When in doubt, distracting Cam with her breasts always works. She pulls her top off and drops it onto the floor next to them, letting him see her tits.

It works. It definitely works.

"Can't ague with that," he murmurs, the movie instantly falling pretty low on his priority list. He grasps her waist lightly and draws his hands upward, cupping her breasts. They're just the right size to fit in the palm of his hand, feeling the nipples stiffen against his palm. He makes a happy sound and licks his lips.

Vala grins and moves closer to him. She presses her chest against him and groans when she feels Cam's lips taking her nipple into his mouth and sucking on it. "Ooh, I love that oral fixation of yours. So good..."

"My oral fixation, huh?" He takes his mouth away from her skin just enough to mumble and then draws her back in, sucking on one nipple while his fingers play with the other. He switches sides, rubbing the peak with his tongue until he feels a little shudder go through her. "Well, I'm glad we've found some common ground... something we can both enjoy..."

"Oh yes, I think we both can find some common ground enjoying you sucking my breasts." She looks down at her chest and groans at the way Cam's lips are tight around her, sucking harder. She reached down and touched the hair on his head before threading her fingers through it and pulling him in closer to her.

Her hips began to push down on the growing erection she could feel in his pants. She began dipping and rolling her body, working to find some relief on her clit.

He drops one hand to her ass to subtly encourage her to move against his stiffening cock. His cheeks hollow in a hard, wet suck and he lets out a ragged sort of groan. He really, really likes doing this.

Vala's body slides slowly down his so that she can better push herself down into his lap. Her knees are straddling his thighs and she's pretending to ride him through their clothes.

Her movements get more enthusiastic and he lets his mouth trail kisses up her chest, her neck. He applies suction just under her ear, along the curve of her jaw, very lightly but enough for her to feel. His hands are both on her ass now under the pretense of guiding her but very little about Vala is controllable, especially this. They're both breathing heavier and he can see the flush crawling along her skin, how far it goes down.

Furtively, she reaches down and adjusts him in his shorts until his cock is pressing up along underneath her pussy and the tip is right against her clit. Vala rubs herself down on him, the friction of the cotton providing more stimulant for her. She continues to ride him, her breath getting shorter as she begins to whimper softly and whine, her body working towards orgasm.

"Are you..." Cam starts to ask, but then realizes he doesn't really need to ask, because the look on his face is all of the answer that he really needs. He doesn't really have to do much to help her - just sit back and enjoy the ride, something he is certainly capable of. In fact, the way she's moving on him... he twitches with pleasure, realizing that if he's not careful she won't be the only one getting there. Only his recovery time is a little more problematic, and hasn't come in his pants with a willing woman in the room in at least two decades and he doesn't really like the thought of starting now.

Vala leans closer into Cam, her fingernails scrambling over his back as she grows more needy. The feeling in her body grows more immediate and she pushes herself further down on Cam, rocking hard against him until she feels it hit just the right spot. Her body shudders and she lets out a long, low, satisfied groan as she comes on the outside of his shorts.

“Fuck!" Cam says, and he has to clench his eyes shut and work hard not to come. He hadn't thought he was that close, but he only barely pulls back from the edge. He can feel dampness on his shorts and he isn't even sure if it's from her or him, but everything is warm and she's still pressed against him rocking slightly. "Vala, baby, I need to be in you in about two seconds..."

"Yeah," Vala groans, understanding his need. Despite having just got off, Vala is still buzzing, still wanting more. She slides down his body and pushes his shorts open with her nose. She's quick to take his cock into her mouth and suck him down, his cock sliding down the back of her throat.

"Shit!" Cam says, still ever so eloquent. His fingers fist in her hair and his cock jerks in her mouth, precome leaking out of the tip.

She sucks hard, swallowing the precome down with a lewd slurp. She pulls off his cock slightly, her tongue lapping at the head before wrapping back around him and bobbing her head once more.

His eyes practically roll back into his head at the pornographic quality of the sounds that she's making. "Do you know how hot that sounds?" He asks, just in case she somehow doesn't. "And looks... fuck...."

She reaches down and just touches gently at his balls, feeling them out as she takes him in deeper. She makes sure to swallow around him, letting his cock feel the suction and pull from around her throat.

"Vala," Cam says, dredging up all of his willpower to push her away. He reaches for the box of condoms beside the bed and crumbles onto into his hand, moving fluidly back over to catch her and topple her onto her back. "Not that your mouth isn't," he pauses to give her a quick kiss, "goddamn amazing, but I want to be in you."

He rips open the condom with his teeth and manages to get it on one handed while she whines and squirms beneath him.

She reaches down for his cock and grips it in her hands, stroking him quickly before pausing to let him put the condom on. "Faster, faster," she urges him.

He laughs. "Fast won't be a problem right now, trust me, baby."

Her fingers on him are almost too much but then the condom is on and he slides easily between her legs, fingers against her thigh as he pushes in. He groans, a sound of pure bliss once he's buried all the way in her, but takes no time to stop and enjoy it just starts to thrust hard.

Vala moans and pushes back against Cam. She gets a good grasp of her feet on the bed and is able to shove back against Cam, using the bed as leverage.

It's healthy, enthusiastic, energetic sex - which, Cam is realizing, describes most sex with Vala. Except sometimes.... when she's soft and sleepy... and everything is so easy, so perfect...

But right now? Right now, it's sweaty and grappling and hot as hell. He fucks her hard into the mattress and she gives back just as good as she's getting, tight and clutching around him, chasing another orgasm of her own. He hopes he can hold off long enough for her to get there. After the grinding and the blowjob, his restraint is worn thing.

She's whining hard as she pushes her body further. Her orgasm feels further away this time as she just got off but its there, tingling and building slowly. "More... more!" She demands from him.

He reaches down between them and rubs her clit, but it's all slick and his fingers slide on her skin. He realizes with a shock what it is he's touching when he feels the movement of his own cock, thick and jutting into her, feels the tingle of the touch on oversensitive nerves. He grunts and slams down into her and this time finds the right spot.

Vala's head falls back and she cries out as she is suddenly launched into an orgasm. Her body shakes once more and she clings hard to Cam as she tightens around him.

He's right behind her, not out of exquisite timing but simply because he stops being able to hold it back the minute she starts to pulse around him. He goes still above her, buried at the deepest point, and floods the condom with come.

Vala's voice is low and deep as she groans out his name. Her hips thrusting up for just a bit as she rides out the last bit of her orgasm before she slumps back and falls onto the bed, completely boneless.

He rolls off of her and onto his back on the bed, one arm flopping outward. He's so out of breath, so worn out from the sex that he doesn't even deal with the condom for a minute, just focuses on breathing.

Vala turns her head so she can look over and see him better. She giggles at the entirely exhausted expression on his face. "Did I wear you out?" She teases him.

"Yes," he says, quickly and decisively. "I might need an extra few days off just to recover from that."

"Oh really?" She chuckles, able to gather enough strength to crawl over and curl up right by his body. "I think I could be alright with that.

"Too bad we can't just stay..." Cam mumbles, his eyes growing heavy, body insisting that an afternoon nap would be just perfect. He reaches down and pulls off the condom, dropping it into the waste basket before he actually does fall asleep, just in case.

Vala smiles and curls up next to Cam. "Mm, wouldn't that be nice..." She murmurs as she drifts off to sleep as well. The conversation Cam had still right in the front of her mind.

He only dozes, his internal clock not quite letting him relax too much. He lets her stay napping though, comfortable against him. He turns the tv on and keeps the volume down low.

"So how much longer until we have to return to the world of the living and all that?" Vala asks, her eyes still closed as she continues to lay next to Cam. She's trying to prolong her rest and relaxation as long as she can by just refusing to open her eyes and wake up.

He kisses the top of her head, stroking his fingers through her hair and smoothing it where it's been mussed from the sex. His hand ventures down lower, over the smooth skin of her back, rubbing lightly. "We probably oughta get up, get dressed in... about an hour."

"Mm, so we have time then." She yawns and stretches her body out alongside his, letting her foot rub gently against his calf.

"Not enough time. Never enough time in the world." He glances at the clock. He sighs, thinking of everything he'll have to do once he gets back in to town. "I should probably go in to work tonight..."

"To work? Tonight?" Vala frowns and wraps an arm around his waist. "What ever would you have to go into work tonight for?"

"Just to catch up with stuff," he says, reaching down and tugging the blanket up to ward off the slight chill now that their bodies have cooled. "Got some stuff going on... I have a feeling it'll be a crazy week."

"Oh? What's up for next week then?" She asks innocently. She burrows close to his body and under the blanket further to get warm.

He laughs. "Nosy, aren't you? You know I can't say, honey. Classified."

Vala groans and rolls away slightly before looking back at Cam with a very serious expression on her face. "I just feel like... I don't know as much about you as you do about me..." She reaches out with one hand and takes his in hers, linking their fingers.

"Vala," Cam says, disbelief tinging his voice. "I don't know hardly anything about you. You won't even tell me where you're from."

"I told you that already," she protests, frowning at him. "And you know who I am now and what I do now."

“You are not from Los Angeles. I might not be the sharpest tool in the shed but that one I did catch." He leans up on one elbow, looking at her.

"Oh yeah?" Vala asks, pillowing her head under an arm. "And what makes you say that, hm?"

He hesitates again, not wanting to sound like he's accusing her of lying. "I thought you were joking when you said that. You don't sound like you're from this country, let alone California."

"Just because I sound different doesn't mean I may not be from around here. My parents however..." She trails off, smiling.

He's frustrated by the non-answers, but tries not to let it show. He doesn't want the weekend to end like that.

Leaning over, he kisses her forehead. "I'm gonna go clean up. We need to start getting dressed soon."

She sighs as he has told her nothing about him and at the same time, she has to leave. Both are things she really dislikes.

"Can't we just... not go back? Hm? Maybe just stay here for awhile then go traveling...."

He sits back down, unable to walk away when she's looking at him so wistfully. "I would like nothing more, believe me."

He wishes he could let her know that the only thing keeping him from extending their little trip is literally the fate of the planet.

Vala crawls over on her knees to stand on the bed behind Cam. She wraps her body around his and her arms around his neck, drapping herself over him. Turning her head, she kisses his neck while her fingers play with the soft hair on his chest. "Then maybe we should take a little time and go and see some things..."

He reaches up and captures her hands in his, keeping her from exploring further or moving away. "I can't, baby." He brings one hand to his mouth and kisses it, then playfully nips at a fingertip. "I wish I could, but I can't."

Vala wants to make a comment about what on earth could be so pressing about deep space radar telemetry but she knows that will set off an argument she doesn't want to start right now.

She noses up his neck and runs her lips over the spot behind his ear that she knows is sensitive.

He groans and his body, his well used and pleasantly sore body, actually tries to work up the typical response. Unfortunately, after three rounds in a relatively short period of time, it's a somewhat futile effort.

He doesn't mind letting her try, though. Even if it doesn't lead to sex.... it feels nice.

She smiles into his neck and nudges at the spot gently with her nose, nuzzling at him.

"Feels good," he murmurs, reaching up with one hand and running his fingers along her arm, turning his head to catch her mouth in a kiss.

"How long did you say we had again?" She asks, nuzzling into the kiss. Her lips run over his and she takes a moment to briefly nip his bottom lip.

"If I don't look at the clock, we've got as long as we need..." he murmurs. It's an exaggeration, of course - or maybe wishful thinking. He needs to get back to base eventually.

Then again, if they really need him, they'll call...

Vala chuckles and smiles to herself. "Well that is certainly one way to do it. But are you able to take care of me like that, hm? I doubt Sal would be very happy with me just, not returning. I'll have to be a kept woman and all."

He laughs, breaking the kiss and turning back to face away from her when it starts to strain on his neck. He pulls her arms across his chest and leans back into her. "Can't imagine you as that. Hard to believe I actually snagged you as much as I have sometimes, much less picture you a kept woman."

She scoffs. "What? You can't picture me lying in a bed of money and jewels and ringing for a handsome boy to come and feed me peeled grapes?"

"... okay, maybe I can picture that, but I'm fresh out of piles of money and jewels and handsome boys." He sighs.

Vala pouts and sighs, flopping onto the bed. "Very well. I shall waste away in my impoverished state. At least I'll have good boots."

"And that's what really matters in life, isn't it? How nice your boots are?" He turns and stretches back out on the bed, giving up the attempt at going to get clean for a few more minutes.

"Absolutely Cameron," she agrees. Turning her head she smiles at him and throws a leg over his, entwining them together on the bed.

*

Vala strides across her cargo ship, her new boots clacking loudly against the floor. She hums to herself as some new song plays in the background and she fiddles with a few of the crystals. Its taken a long, long time to get her ship fully up and running but she is so close to it. Just a few more tweaks and she should be ready to hit the road (relatively speaking).

As it is, she finally was able to get her scanning online and working. She pushes two crystals in and enters a few commands into the computer on board to have her cargo ship begin a scan of the nearby area for naquadah deposits. If she is lucky, there may be raw naquadah around that she could use to help fuel her ship. If she's not lucky... Well, that's a bridge she'll deal with when it comes to her. Or something.

Hitting the final button, Vala steps away from the computer to let it run its scan and moves over back into the cargo hold. Pulling out a panel, she's able to reach some of the extra crystals that have helped modify her ship into something more than just an average gou'ald cargo ship. Bending over she's just able to reach the panel of crystals she needs to work on.

She hums to herself again as a new song comes on and she begins to twist and move the crystals around so she can keep her phase shifting in order. Behind her the computer continues to scan before it lets out a loud warning beep. Vala frowns and turns her head to look over at the computer before finally pulling herself out of the floor of her ship and heading over to it.

The scan hadn't finished but the readings she was reading were off the charts. There was a huge store of naquadah here on Earth and not far from where she was either. Her eyes widened as she continued to read and then zoomed over to the aerial map of the area. Red dots began to light up on the map showing where the naquadah was being stored and the largest dot was right on Cheyenne Mountain.