First Time at Mardi Gras
bySallyJam©

I was spending the night at my boyfriend Joey's apartment for the first time since we began seeing each other. Our relationship had been physical for a couple of months now, but because I was living in a dorm room in college, and he shared his apartment with a bunch of other guys, we had never literally slept together before. 

I had hoped that the first time we lay in each other's arms all night would be a spontaneous and romantic event, but the fact was that we were only going to do it tonight because we were heading south in the morning for the Mardi Gras festival. Joey was going to be driving his friends and I there, and wouldn't have had time to pick me up beforehand. None of us had ever been to the carnival before, and I was really looking forward to it, even though it meant I had to skip college for the day.

We passed the evening on the sofa, eating pizza, drinking beer and watching the TV. After a while we began making out and things were getting pretty hot and heavy when Joey's roommates suddenly burst through the door. When they saw me lying there, legs akimbo, Joey's hands groping my tits through my bra, they stopped by the door and stared. 

"Hey guys," Joey said. "Ever think of knocking?"

For a moment I lay there, not moving, watching them look at me. There were three of them, Tony, Ray and Stefan, all in their early twenties, and all obviously drunk. When I had recovered from the shock, I quickly closed my legs and pulled down my skirt, hoping that they hadn't seen how wet my panties were. I sat up straight and Joey passed me my sweater. As I put it on I noticed the guys were looking at my tits, and more especially at one of my nipples, which was clearly visible as my left breast spilled slightly over the cup of my bra. Even now that I was dressed decently again I could still feel their eyes on me, causing me to blush.

"No point in being shy, Tina," Ray grinned at me. "You're gonna have to get your tits out tomorrow anyway if you wanna win some beads."

I looked at Joey, expecting him to say something, but he did nothing but give Ray a warning glance. I had noticed before that his friends made a habit of being disrespectful to women. I had told Joey that I didn't like their attitude but he never seemed able to stand up to them, even when they were making comments about me.

"He's right, Tina," said Tony, crashing on to the couch beside me. "You ain't never been down to Mardi Gras before now, have you? First time, you gotta bring back twenty beads at least. That means showing your tits twenty times, by my reckoning."

"Yep," Stefan joined in. "It being your first time and all, I'd say it'd be best if you got in some practice tonight. You don't want nobody refusing to give you no beads 'cause you ain't doing it right."

"If I wanted some beads so desperately I'd buy them myself, okay?" I said hotly, feeling my cheeks burn with embarrassment, as I crossed my legs and folded my arms in front of me.

"Aww, shit, Tina," Joey looked at me. "Don't be like that. They was just kidding around. You don't have to do nothing you don't want to do."

"Anyway," Ray chipped in. "It's only a bit of fun. All the girls at Mardi Gras do it."

"That doesn't mean I'm going to. Joey, can we go to bed now?"

"Sure, honey. I'll just clean up my room a little. Tony, you're okay with sleeping on the couch tonight, yeah?"

"No problem," he answered, watching my boyfriend walk into the bedroom they usually shared. "Of course, I'd rather be in there with you," he added in a whisper to me. "Especially after what I saw when I came in."

I opened my mouth, but couldn't think of anything to say, as his eyes devoured me, looking me up and down, expressing nothing but pure animal lust. I felt my breathing get heavier as I turned from his gaze, only to see Stefan and Ray's eyes fixed on me as well. I followed their eyes to my breasts, then to my legs, which were mostly bare beneath my short skirt. They had all looked at me this way at least once or twice since I had met them, but never all at the same time. For a moment I thought they were all going to jump on me at any second. There was a deep stirring in my loins, and I felt my panties moisten up once again, simply because I knew how much the three guys wanted me. None of them were my type really. They were sexist, immature, muscle-bound idiots. Nevertheless, I couldn't stop a mental image from entering my head of the three of them ripping off my clothes and taking turns fucking me.

"Okay, you ready?" Joey called from the hall.

"Yeah, I'm coming," I called back a few seconds later. 

As I stood up I felt my knees weaken and had to reach out for Tony's knee to stop myself falling. He grabbed my hand to steady me, and his touch felt like an electric shock. I pulled my hand away and headed for Joey's bedroom, forcing myself not to look back at them.

When Joey had locked the door behind me, he handed me my overnight bag, and I ran into the adjoining bathroom. I looked in the mirror to see that my face was still flushed. I splashed myself with water, cleaned my teeth and dried myself off. Then I pulled up my skirt and tentatively placed my hand between my legs. My panties were soaking wet. I pulled them off and placed them in my bag. Then I took off the rest of my clothes and looked at myself in the mirror. My nipples were fully erect, the hairs on my pussy glistening with moistness. I began to touch myself, softly at first, then with more firmness. Soon I was imagining Ray's hands touching me, then Tony's, then Stefan's. When my finger gently touched my clitoris I almost jumped, it was so sensitive.

"Tina. You okay?" I heard Joey's voice on the other side of the door. "You want me to come in and help you with anything?"

Before I had come here I had already told Joey not to expect sex this evening. I wasn't comfortable with the thought of doing it while his roommates were home. Now I didn't care. I was too horny to stop myself. I unlocked the bathroom door, still naked, and stood in the doorway, with my hands on my hips. 

"Wow," was all he could say for a few moments. "God, you're beautiful. I've never seen you completely naked before."

Until now, we had only made love in the back seat of his car, or standing up in alleyways. I had always been careful to keep some of my clothes on, in case anyone had come across us. I don't think I had even taken off my bra in front of him before. He had certainly seen my breasts, scooping them out of my bra, as he leaned over to suck on them, but he had never seen them like this. I am proud of them, I must admit, mostly because their size and firmness was my own doing, following a four-year diet and fitness plan I'd adhered to religiously since I was fourteen years old. I was a late developer physically and rather overweight, and boys never really gave me a second glance until I began to work on my body. A couple of years before, Joey and his friends wouldn't have noticed me at all. Now, they all lusted after me, and I can't deny it gave me a great feeling of power.

"So you like what you see?" I asked, stepping over towards him seductively.

"God, yes. You're absolutely gorgeous."

"And you'd like me to show these off to all those guys at Mardi Gras tomorrow," I cupped my breasts in my hands, flicking at the nipples lightly with my fingers.

"No. No way. It was just a joke. I don't want anyone else to see your tits. They're mine."

"No," I said, pushing him down on to the nearest bed. "They're mine."

I looked down at him as I pulled his jeans and shorts down to his ankles. His cock was already hard as I sat astride him, my wet pussy hovering over his erection. I grabbed hold of his cock and eased myself down on it, gasping with pleasure as I felt it enter me all the way. I slowly began to rock back and forth, leaning over him, controlling the movement, as my clit rubbed against the base of his shaft.

"I thought you said you wouldn't let me do it to you tonight, with all the guys here," Joey said, as he pawed at my breasts.

"But you're not doing it to me. I'm doing it to you," I replied, but what he said reminded me that his friends were not more than twenty feet away. I raised my voice as I leant over him, resting my hands on the pillow. "Suck my tits. Go on. I know you love my big juicy tits. You love sucking them while you're fucking me, don't you? Mmmmm, that's it baby."

As he did as I commanded I began to rock my body faster against his. I could feel my pussy juice running down on to his balls as I built up a rhythm, moaning louder every second, wanting his friends to hear me, to hear what a slut I was. 

"Ooooh, baby. Yes….. I love your cock. Ooooh. I love feeling your big hard cock inside me….fucking me. Mmmm."

I could feel myself about to come, as I imagined Tony, Ray and Stefan listening to me, wanting to have me themselves, wanting to fuck me. Usually when I reach orgasm I slow down my breathing and stay silent, concentrating on the feelings inside, but now I began to moan and scream as loud as I could.

"Yes, Joey. Do it. Oooooh, yes. Come inside me….Go on…..Yes….Fuck me. Mmmm….Oh God…..I'm coming…..yes…..ohhhh…..ohhhhh….yes,baby….fuck me…..yes….ooooooohhh!"

I kept moaning loudly long after we had both come. I wanted his friends to get the full effect. I wanted them to dream about me tonight, to fantasise that they were screwing me, making me shriek in orgasm with their big hard cocks, as they pounded inside me.

"Damn, you sure were loud tonight, Tina. I hope none of the guys heard us," Joey said when I lay down beside him and snuggled up against his chest.

"Didn't you like it, then? All that noise."

"No honey. I did like it. That was the best I've ever had. You were real sexy. When you started talking about my cock I just about nearly came right there and then."

"Oh. Well, perhaps I'd better be careful what I say in future. Don't want you getting ahead of yourself."

"No, ma'am," Joey grinned at me, as he went into the bathroom.

While he was cleaning his teeth I went over to the door and listened out for the other guys. I could hear them talking, but not what they were saying. On impulse I grabbed the bed sheet and wrapped it round my body, so it just about covered my breasts and my ass. Then I opened the door and peeked my head round. I had the idea that I could go to the kitchen pretending that I wanted a glass of water. On the way I would have to pass Joey's friends. I desperately wanted to find out their reaction to my vocal display. I wondered what they'd say to me, what they'd do. Maybe while I was passing I could accidentally on purpose let the sheet fall from my body, so they could see me completely naked.

All of a sudden I lost my nerve. What was I thinking? I couldn't do that. Tonight was the first time I'd ever let any man see me fully nude, and now right away I wanted to repeat the experience with all his friends. It was ridiculous. I put the sheet back on the bed, and lay down under the covers. When Joey came in from the bathroom I pretended to be asleep. I didn't want to speak to him. I wanted to think. Within a few minutes he was snoring away, while I pondered what had happened this evening. The disgusting way Joey's friends had looked at me, the way I'd deliberately let them hear me acting so slutty during sex, the fact that I had wanted them to see me naked. Before I fell asleep I had come three times from fingering myself.

When I awoke the next morning, Joey was just coming out of the bathroom, drying his hair. I instantly panicked. I couldn't face going on this trip, not with all his friends coming too. I was ashamed about last night, about what they'd think of me. I may have had a couple of beers, but that was no excuse for acting the way I did.

"Tina," Joey called out softly, kissing me on the forehead. "You awake? Come on, honey. If you want to take a shower, you'd better do it now. We got a long ride ahead of us."

"I'm not coming," I said.

"Huh? Why not? What's the matter?"

I told him how I felt, how I was embarrassed about the other guys hearing me when we made love.

"Hey, don't worry about it. They probably never even heard you. You weren't that loud really. Louder than normal maybe, but I'm sure they never heard you anyway. Come on baby. Let's go."

"I don't know. Let me think about it."

"Okay, Tina. But think about it in the shower, okay? We're really got to move it. I'm going to make sure the other guys are ready," Joey said, walking out the door.

I went into the bathroom and stood underneath the hot shower, wondering what to do. Maybe he was right. Maybe it was all in my imagination and they hadn't really heard anything. To my surprise this idea disappointed me. I really did want them to hear me fucking. I felt myself getting wet again at the thought of it. If I could just see them, I would know one way or the other, so I resolved to decide whether to go or not as soon as I could gauge their reaction.

When I had dried myself and dressed I ventured out from Joey's bedroom. All four of the guys were sitting around the TV, waiting for me.

"You all set?" asked Stefan.

I looked at him, then at Ray and Tony. They looked hungover and bored, and paid little attention to me whatsoever. I was sure now that I had exaggerated everything in my mind.

"Yep," I said. "Let's go."

I sat in the front seat beside Joey, who was driving, while his friends all piled into the backseat. To my surprise the three guys in the back were pleasant company, singing songs and telling jokes. It was a four-hour journey so I was glad it wasn't too boring. By 11am we were halfway there and the guys pulled out some beers from the cooler they had with them. At first I didn't want to join them, not being used to drinking so early, but they soon persuaded me, and after a couple of beers I was singing louder than any of them.

By the time we reached our destination I was feeling no pain at all. In fact I was pretty drunk, so much so that Joey insisted that we have something to eat before we ventured through the crowds. We crowded into a small diner and had a couple of burgers each while Tony made a fool of himself. Normally I'd have been less than impressed with his clowning around, but the festival spirit had rally taken hold in me. Well, that or the beer.

As we were eating, a young couple came into the restaurant and approached our table. The guy looked like some Hell's Angels refugee, with his long hair, beard and leather jacket. The woman he was with was in her early twenties. She was very slim and seemed to be weighed down by the huge array of beads she wore around her neck.

"Hey, guys," the bearded man greeted us. "You wanna buy some beads? Knock down prices, man. Dollar each."

"No man," replied Joey. "It's alright."

"Come on. They're selling 'em for at least three bucks a pop all the way to Bourbon Street. You wanna have something to give to the girls don't you? Me and my old lady are leaving now and we don't need the extra weight. She got thirty-five beads from flashing her tits. May as well make some use of them. What do you say?"

"Hell. I'm game," said Ray. "Why the hell else we down here anyway for? Tell you what. I'll give you 10 bucks for a dozen."

"Hey man," the bearded guy spoke to Ray. "No deals. A dollar each. Take it or leave it."

"You got thirty-five you say?" asked Tony.

"Yep. We counted earlier."

"Okay then. Stefan, Ray, give me ten dollars each. Joey don't have to pay 'cause he drove us here. I'll put in the other fifteen. If it means we're gonna see thirty-five pairs of tits then I ain't complaining none."

While the three of them pooled their money together, the girl pulled the beads from around her neck and placed them on the table in front of us and Joey began counting them. As the biker dude pocketed the money Joey suddenly caught his arm.

"Hey man. There's only thirty-four here. You owe us a dollar."

"Take it easy, man. Shona, do your stuff," he responded looking at his companion.

Suddenly the girl pulled up her T-shirt, revealing that she wasn't wearing a bra. Both nipples were pierced with two heavy rings. I couldn't believe that she was exposing herself like this in a restaurant, but the guys just hollered and cheered. Stefan picked up a set of beads and put it round the girl's neck as soon as she covered herself up again.

"That's it man. You get the idea," the bearded man said to Stefan, taking the beads from around the girl's neck and putting them back on the table. "That makes thirty-five, yeah? Come on Shona. Time to go."

Joey looked like he wanted to complain, but thankfully he just watched in silence as they walked out of the diner. Throughout this bizarre transaction I hadn't say a word. I was desperately trying to stop laughing. The whole thing was so serious, and so seriously weird. Well, I guess that's what the carnival's all about.

"Shit, did you see those scrawny little tits she had," said Tony. "I ain't giving no beads to no flat-chested broad like her."

"Yeah," agreed Ray, looking at me. "Looks like thirty guys did though. Imagine how many a girl with big tits could get."

Instantly all four of them directed their gaze to my chest. I could see what they were thinking.

"Oh no. Not me. I'm not doing that for beads, money, whatever."

"Hey," said Tony. "That's up to you. Anyway, what we hanging round here for? We're missing all the action. Let's go."

We went back to where the car was parked and took out the remaining beers.

"Damn," Joey exclaimed suddenly. "We should've tried to get some dope off that guy, man. He looked like a dealer. I don't wanna get too drunk on beer. I gotta drive us all home. Shit."

"Don't worry about it," said Ray. "Maybe we can score some later on."

Joey stopped complaining and we marched through the crowd, heading for the French Quarter. It was a long way and we made slow progress, but everyone we met was having fun, dancing and whistling, and after a couple more beers I was revelling with the best of them.

I watched with glee as Stefan and Ray asked countless girls if they wanted some beads. Some of them refused flat out. The rest of them said they would take the beads, but they weren't going to flash their tits for them. The guys were so put out that I couldn't help but laugh at them. They weren't the only guys getting turned down. In the last hour I had only seen three girls consent to lift their tops. I think most of the rest had over-protective boyfriends with them. No one had even asked me at all, which may have been because Joey kept close to me, his hand on my shoulder pressing me against his chest as we walked along.

"Don't worry about it," Tony said to his friends. "Wait 'til we get to Bourbon Street. That's where all the action is."

As it turned out he was right. As soon as we turned the corner I spied a group of five girls, all perched on the shoulders of different men, all exposing their breasts. They were shrieking hysterically, and seemed to be enjoying themselves enormously. There were screams of encouragement coming from all around the balconies, where I noticed other girls peeling off their outfits too. Stefan looked like he had died and gone to heaven, and even Joey couldn't help grinning in pleasure. I didn't mind him ogling the other girls though. I was feeling pretty mellow about the whole deal, and as long as I didn't have to expose myself, I wasn't going to stop the others having some fun.

Some of the girls went much further than I would have expected. There was one on a balcony who stripped off her dress completely, leaned over, and called out at the crowd below. All the guys down below hollered up at her, encouraging her as she played with her tits. It was really obvious she was getting off on their lustful gaze, and it reminded me of last night. The way Joey's friends had looked at me. The way Joey's eyes popped out when he saw me completely naked for the first time. It had excited me so much, made me so aware of myself, of my body as a sexual object, something to be desired. I still couldn't picture myself doing those things in public, but I found that I actually enjoyed watching the other girls do it. I imagined it was me being outrageous, showing off my body, turning on the guys like they were.


We all kept drinking, dancing and hollering for a while, then Joey told us he was going to look for a toilet, and asked us to wait where we were, standing just outside a strip-joint. As soon as he was out of sight, a blond man in his thirties came over towards me and asked me to show him my tits in exchange for beads. I was sure that I'd seen him following us for a while, and that he was just waiting for my boyfriend to leave before asking me. I must admit that I found the idea that he'd been hanging around hoping to get a look at me quite a turn-on. There were plenty of other girls around. Why had he singled me out? I thought he was quite cute, so I decided to let him down gently. I was about to explain why I couldn't do it when I suddenly felt a pair of hands grab me from behind.

"Sure man." It was Tony's voice. "She hasn't got any beads at all yet."

Before I could stop him, he had pulled my halter top up to my neck. Then he moved one hand down and tried to lift up my bra. I closed both my hands around his fist, breathing heavily, excited and fearful at the same time. Then Stefan and Ray edged in on either side of me and pulled my arms away, allowing Tony to get a full grip on my bra and pull it up to expose my breasts completely. I tried to pull free from them but they were too strong for me. I looked down to see my erect nipples pointing out at the blond guy. He had a broad grin on his face as he devoured me with his eyes. I looked back at him, my feelings of shame evaporating gradually as my arousal increased.

After a few seconds the guys released me, and I slapped at them with my hands. I wasn't angry really, but I didn't want them to know how much it had excited me. The man in front of me handed me a set of beads and walked off smiling into the crowd. Within a minute or so another man who had seen what happened approached us. He asked if I wanted more beads, but the question was directed at Tony more than myself.

"Yeah," Tony said. "The more the merrier, eh Tina?" 

Again his hands went around my waist to lift up my top, and once again I tried to stop him. I looked towards Stefan and Ray, waiting for them to pull my hands away, and after a few seconds they obliged, giving Tony unhindered access to my chest. I felt his hands brush the sides of my tits as he pulled my bra up once more, exposing my naked chest to the stranger. I don't know how long we each kept still in the same position, but I do know that I eventually stopped struggling. It was then that I heard Tony's voice again.

"Give her two sets of beads and you can feel her up," he said.

I tried to say something, tried to think of a way of stopping him, but my mind was a complete blank. The guy in front of me pulled off two strings of beads from around his neck and placed them in my outstretched hand. Then he placed both hands over my breasts and squeezed them gently, making a low groaning sound as he did so.

"Mmmm, your tits sure are big and sexy."

I closed my eyes, sure that if these guys saw them open, they would be able to see how turned on I was.

"Why don't you suck them?" asked Ray.

The man didn't need asking twice. His hands released my breasts and immediately I felt a wet tongue licking gently around my nipple. Soon a mouth enveloped it, and then I felt him begin to suck, slowly at first, but then with more passion. I could feel my pussy getting wet as Tony's hand reached down and squeezed my other breast. I wondered how far they would go, whether they would lift up my skirt too, whether I would put up any resistance.

While he groped me I could feel Tony's cock pressing against my ass. It was very stiff and seemed to be very big. I instinctively pressed back against it so I could feel its hardness even closer to my pussy. Suddenly he pulled his hand away. Had I gone too far? Should I not have shown him that I was enjoying it? I opened my eyes to see Stefan pulling the guy away from my chest. My arms were free now but I made no move to cover myself up.

"Tina, pull yourself together. Joey's coming back," whispered Tony in my ear.

Instinctively, I readjusted my bra and halter, just as I saw him come into view. As soon as he was in front of me I told him to bend over so I could sit on his shoulders for a better view. The fact was that I didn't want to look him in the eye. How could I after what I had just let happen? I placed my hands on Joey's shoulders as we moved slowly down the street. I could feel his friends' eyes upon me. They must have thought that I was such a dirty little slut. I may have tried to stop them at first, but they couldn't help but notice the way I gave up resisting so easily. As I held onto Joey, my mound pressed against the back of his head and I could feel myself juicing up again. I tried to pull my legs back, while resting my arm on Joey's chest.

"Hey Tina," Joey said. "Where'd you get the beads?"

I had forgotten I was still holding onto them. He must have noticed them when I moved my hand. For a moment I didn't know what to say. I couldn't admit what really happened, but I didn't want to lie, especially as his friends might tell him about it later.

"The usual way," I said nonchalantly, as I leaned over so he could hear me.

"You mean you flashed your tits as some guy?"

"Uh-huh. Well, you know. When in Rome, and all that."

"Jesus. I thought you said…"

"Look, I'm a bit drunk okay? I just…"

"Hey, forget about it."

"You don't mind then?"

"I dunno. I guess it's okay. The other girls do it, so…why not?"

As soon as he said this I knew that I could be in for some fun. Until yesterday no man had ever seen me completely naked before, but now I was getting a taste for it. I loved the way Joey's friends' eyes lit up when they saw my tits. I wanted to see that kind of reaction again. I wouldn't let anyone suck them and grope them anymore, just maybe show them off a little. What was the harm in that?

Now that I was up on Joey's shoulders, all the guys on the balconies could see me, and it wasn't long before they began to call out to me, asking me to bare my breasts. We had stopped moving for a couple of minutes, as the crowd was so large, and directly opposite me on the balcony were a group of middle-aged men, pleading with me to pull up my top. I looked around me at Joey's friends who were still avidly watching me. At least up here it was unlikely that I would be groped.

Before I could change my mind I quickly reached behind me and unclasped my bra. Then I looked up at the men on the balcony and lifted my top up to my neck. Their response was immediate and loud. They all cheered and threw beads down at me, some of which I caught and put around my neck, the others I let fall to the ground. As we slowly made our way through the crowd I flashed my tits again to various groups of guys on the balcony. Soon I didn't need any encouragement and began doing it whether I was offered beads or not.

After a while Joey lowered me to the ground, as he was tired, and suggested we get some more drinks, our own beers having run out. An old man was selling bottles by the side of the road, which we bought and began drinking immediately. I kept thinking about what a buzz it gave me to show off my tits to complete strangers. We continued to walk on, and whenever I saw a man I liked the look of, I lifted up my top and flashed him. Joey didn't seem to mind, until one guy reached out his hands to me and tried to cop a feel. He roughly pushed him away, much to my disappointment. I wanted them to touch me. I wanted to feel their hands on me while I stared at the naked lust in their eyes. Suddenly I noticed Tony looking at me. He had seen how vexed I was that Joey had stopped the man fondling my tits. He leered at me, as if to say, I know what you want. The idea that he knew what I was feeling turned me on even more.

I watched as Tony pulled Stefan away from the rest of the group and whispered in his ear. A minute later Stefan walked over to Joey and began speaking to him. I stood there wondering what was going on, avoiding Tony's gaze as he positioned himself beside me.

"Tina," Joey called me. "Stefan knows where we can score some dope. How far is it, Stef?"

"The guy said it was about ten minutes from here. I got the address."

"Okay. Tina, you wanna go with us, or wait with Tony and Ray?"

I looked over at Tony, sure that this was part of some plan he had to get me alone.

"I'll wait here," I replied.

"Right then. We'll meet you back here in about a half hour, right? Look after her guys, okay?"

Tony and Ray both nodded, then grinned at each other as Joey gave me a quick kiss goodbye and walked off with Stefan. Tony took me by the arm and guided me to the side of the road, next to a small alleyway, as Ray followed behind.

"Best if we stay here away from the crowd, while we wait," he said, releasing my arm.

I was pretty sure it was a set-up and that they'd sent Joey off on a wild goose chase. I wondered what they planned to do with me, and whether I would try to stop them. I stood there nervously, not sure what to do. They could easily drag me into the small alley and take turns, one fucking me hard up against the wall, while the other one shielded us from the crowd. I felt my loins stir as I let my imagination run away with me.

"So Tina," Ray eventually spoke to me. "Do you want to earn some more beads?"

"So you'll give me more if I show you my tits you mean?" I asked looking at them both.

"No, why should we? There's plenty of other guys around who'll give you some. Hey guys, come over here," Tony beckoned a group of young men walking by over towards us.

There were three of them and they looked expectantly at Tony.

"You want to give some beads to this fine looking lady?" he asked them, lifting up my top and exposing my tits yet again.

This time I didn't struggle at all. I stood there brazenly defiant beneath the gaze of all these men.

"She's got a lovely pair of tits, ain't she?" he asked as he cupped them in his hands, squeezing them together.

One of the other men stepped forward and ran his fingers up and down between my cleavage, nodding at Tony. Suddenly his two friends stepped forward as well, their hands reaching out to touch me. Tony let go and moved from behind me, so he could watch the three of them fondle my tits. Suddenly I noticed one or two older men approach us. They were armed with video cameras, and silently filmed me allowing myself to be groped. I knew I should put a stop to it, but I had lost all control and when one of the guys began licking and nibbling my tits I just held his head closer.

It wasn't long before some other men noticed that something was going on, and I was soon surrounded on all sides by about a dozen guys of various ages. I was being pushed back into the alleyway, all of us moving together in slow motion. The ones behind me began to feel up my ass, tentatively at first, but then more forcefully when they realised that I was hemmed in and couldn't move. I felt my skirt being lifted up to my waist as a hand reached between my legs.

"Her panties are all wet," a voice said. "She fucking loves it."

Suddenly several more hands came at me from all sides, stroking my inner thighs, grabbing the cheeks of my ass. Conflicting thoughts ran through my mind. It felt so dirty, letting them all grope me like this in public. It felt so dirty, but so good. A finger was rubbing back and forth along my panty-clad mound, pressing against my clit. Then I felt another finger trying to slide in beneath my panties, trying to edge closer to my wet pussy. I tried to turn around to see who was doing it, but I couldn't move. I moved my hands down between my legs but had them pushed away by the other men.

The fingers continued to press further, seeking access to my pussy, and it wasn't long before I felt a finger pushed inside me. He eased it in and out, slowly at first, then with greater speed, as his thumb rubbed against my clit. My breathing became shallower as I felt myself about to come.

"Oh God, yes," I moaned involuntarily.

My words caused a sensation among the men surrounding me. I felt their hands reach for my panties. They wanted to take them off. I suddenly became very scared, fearful of what they might do next. I quickly got down on my knees, squeezing my legs tightly together to try to stop them pulling my panties down all the way. My ass was completely bare, and the man behind me now thrust his fingers deeper inside, but the others couldn't reach me.

I looked up and saw Ray and Tony at the back of the group. They were trying to pull the men away from me. I figured that they must have realised that it had all gone too far. I was down on my knees surrounded by these men, and it wasn't long before one of them unzipped his jeans and pulled out his cock. He ran his hand up and down the erect shaft as he looked down at me. Within seconds two more men had their cocks out and were masturbating in front of me.

I opened my mouth to shout at Tony to stop them, but as soon as I did so the man in front of me shoved his hard cock down my throat. I immediately gagged and tried to pull back, but the man behind me held me in place as he groped my ass and played with my pussy. For a moment I panicked, not being able to breathe, then I realised that the only way out was to make him finish as soon as possible. I closed my lips around his shaft and began to suck, my tongue licking the underside of his cock as he thrust away in my mouth.

"That's it baby," he said. "You love sucking cock, don't you?"

I looked up to see him grinning at me as the two men either side of him jerked off, their erections pointing at my face. As my pussy was being fingered from behind I felt a thumb rubbing against my clit. I could see Ray and Tony edging closer towards me, making their way through the group. As soon as they reached the three men in front of me I expected them to drag them away, but instead they stopped and stared at me with lust in their eyes. It dawned on me what a horny sight it must have been for them, watching me half naked on my knees in an alleyway, sucking on a stranger's cock. I began to picture what it must have looked like, and the idea turned me on so much I pressed down on the hand playing with my pussy, encouraging his fingers to rub harder against my clit.

It wasn't long before I felt the head of the cock I was sucking expand in my mouth and the first spurt of his come hit the back of my throat. I tried to pull away, but he held my head in his hands forcing me to swallow as much of it as I could, leaving the rest to dribble down my lips onto my tits. At the sight of this, the two men fisting themselves came as well, their juices splashing against my face and hair. It made me feel so dirty and so slutty as I felt the fingers at my pussy make me come. I looked up to see the old men with their video cameras pointing at me, as I began to moan in orgasm, licking the come stains from around my lips, acting like a cheap porn star while I imagined them jerking off when they viewed the scene later.

Suddenly I heard a commotion at the back of the group, and a voice yelled out, "Hey, there's a cop coming." The man behind me quickly pulled his hand away from my pussy and the others put their cocks back in their jeans and quickly walked out of the alley, leaving me alone with Tony and Ray. They looked at me kneeling there, covered in jism, my panties halfway down my thighs and my halter up around my neck. 

"Thanks for your help guys," I said sarcastically.

"We were going to stop them, but you looked like you were enjoying yourself," Ray said with a leer.

I stood up and adjusted my clothing, pulling my panties back up just as the cop approached us.

"Are you okay, ma'am?" he asked.

"Yes," I replied nervously. "Yes, I'm fine."

He looked me up and down, focussing on the come stains in my hair and on my face.

"That's a funny way to apply hair gel," he said and then he smirked and walked away. 

As I watched him walk back down the alley I saw Joey and Stefan heading towards us.

"Oh my God. What's Joey going to say when he sees me like this?" I asked Tony.

Tony looked blankly at me, then at Ray, as we stood there waiting in the alley for my boyfriend to reach us.

