As I opened my eyes Eli stood by my bed. He was wearing a red
silk robe that was low cut, I could see the tip of my love tool.
"From now on I shall call you Jayne"
"Yes"
"Get ready and meet me downstairs."
I put on some light make-up and thigh-high stockings and remained
in my culottes.
I wanted my man to have easy access to his eager boy pussy.
As I descended the stairs I was met by a young boy, around my
age, dressed like me, and he escorted me to the red room. His
skin was as white as porcelain and he had the same amount of
make-up as I.
The walls were covered with mirrors and there was a very large
bed and two horses (the type gymnasts use) on either side.
Eli sat in chair in front of the bed.
"I see you have met Carly"
I smiled.
"Carly, come here."
He obeyed immediately.
"Jayne is my new girlfriend. How do we welcome her?"
He walked over to horse on the left of the bed. He straddled it
and pushed out his beautiful little ass, spreading his creamy
cheeks and displaying his boy pussy.
Eli walked over to him, he lifted his head and received a long
hot kiss from Eli. His tushy squirmed. Eli turned to his exposed
rear and took a flogging whip from the bed.
"Spread more"
He immediately obeyed.
Eli began flogging his pink hole. He wiggled and moaned and
offered his butt out even more. Eli flogged continually, stopping
only to inspect his handiwork from time to time.
My little cock began to stiffen. I imagined myself in the same
position.
Carly moaned with pleasure at each stroke. He spread his ass
wider and Eli's strokes got harder.
I moved to the left so I could see what the effect was. His pink
hole was red, there was no blood, just the marks of the lash on
his cheeks and in his crack.
Then, Eli put down the whip and took a bottle of gel from below
the horse.
He spread some on his hand and then all over Carly's white pearly
butt. Then he put some on his middle finger and spread it on the
boy's cunt, inserting his finger all the way in, making him
squirm with pleasure.
"Do you like that?"
"I love it. Please don't stop!"
Eli began finger fucking the red lined ass. He would smack and
then fuck him harder. Then he moved on to two fingers. Carly was
moaning with pleasure.
I could barely contain myself, stroking my dick with my thumb and
forefinger.
Eli noticed and warned me:
"Not so fast, Jayne. I have something in store for you."
I smiled and relinquished my little member.
"Carly, are you ready?"
"I am"
From behind the horse Eli produced a dildo that was at least 3"
thick and 12" long.
"Come watch, Jayne"
I stood next to my man. The sight of the boy's open pussy was a
delight to my senses. It looked so small and tight.
Eli took the massive dildo and spread copious amounts of gel on
the head and shaft. Carly arched his back and offered his boy
cunt.
Eli nudged the hole, I could see it give in a little. Carly
wiggled and spread himself open even more. I could see his little
dick was hard, and he was positioning his ass for what was about
to happen.
Eli pushed in this time, and I could see his tiny pink hole open,
and the head began to penetrate.
"Fuck me, fuck me nice and hard. Tear my cunt with that big
rubber cock. I'm your slut, yours and only yours."
Eli smacked his butt, and resumed the assault. As the head
disappeared into the pussy, Carly moaned out loud.
"AHHHHHHHH - FUCK ME RAW!"
The dildo began to enter further, and the boy just moaned and
stuck his butt out more, to receive the full force of the attack.
"Jayne, give Carly a kiss for being such a good girl."
I went over and he opened his mouth. I let my tongue entangle
with his, his plump lips tasted sweet, like Eli's cock. I grabbed
his hair and pushed my tongue in further, he responded by letting
me in, letting me take his sweet mouth.
He opened his eyes and they were smiling, as the dildo spread his
hole wider.
I returned back to Eli's side. He slid the dildo out and his
gapping boy hole was distended, and then gradually it began to
close.
"Jayne, kiss her pussy."
I leaned over and Carly spread his cheeks giving me access to
that pink cunt. I licked it - the taste was a mixture of sperm
and gel. I ran my tongue all around it and then I placed my lips
on it and gave a long wet kiss. My lipstick mixed in with the red
stripes from the flogging. My hands were on his round buttocks,
and I could feel them quiver with pleasure.
Eli resumed the attack. Now the dildo was more than half in, and
Carly moaned:
"Fuck my little pussy. Punish me. Make me scream."
Eli now began a rhythmic movement plundering his pussy and he
backed into the giant instrument, and Eli buried the big cock in
his ass. He was spread so wide I was moaning at what it must feel
like. I wanted to be there. I wanted my cunt punished.
"AHHHHHHHHHHHH - please fuck my boy hole. Rape me. Gape my
pussy."
The movements became faster and harder until the entire length
was buried in Carly's arched ass.
I walked over to the side and I could see, in the folds of his
culottes, his cock was hard as a rock. I put my hand through the
fold and tightened my fist around it. I began to stroke his
pretty little dick and caress his tight little balls.
Eli gave out a small laugh and nodded. I kept up my attention to
his cock, and then I decided, I wanted to taste him.
I took him in my mouth and he began to fuck my mouth to the same
rhythm that his pink hole was being fucked.
His moaning became clearer.
"Suck me, fuck me. AHHHHHH I must be in heaven."
Eli kept the momentum, almost mechanically, and Carly seemed
about to burst. I whispered:
"I want to take you in my mouth, fill me with your cream, I want
it."
His small feet began to shake and he was fucking my mouth now
with intensity and determination.
"Pound me, I need that rubber cock filling me up, I am your
little girl. Tear my little boy pussy to shreds. It is
sooooooooooooooooooooo good."
"Suck me Jayne, suck my little dick!"
It was a frenzy beyond compare, and suddenly Eli released a valve
at the end of the dildo, and it began jerking and shooting hot
liquid into little Carly's ass. This was sperm that had be saved
for occasions like thins.
"AHHHHHHHHHH" he cried, "FILL ME WITH THAT HOT JUICE. CUM IN MY
PUSSY. "
At the same time, he began spurting in my mouth. His dick jerked
and spurted and jerked. I squeezed his sac to drain him. It
tasted so good. Like Eli, like Lebu, I loved man cream.
"Come in me, come, I want your cum in my mouth"
He began pounding my face, his balls battering me helter-skelter.
As Eli was pulling out the huge rubber dick, Carly wiggled and
spread his ass wide.
Eli began to spank him without stopping.
"Punish me. I'm a bad girl. Spank me till I cry."
And it seemed that Eli was doing just that.
The spanking was very intense and Carly offered his tushy out for
more. I stood transfixed as I saw his smooth white boy globes
turn crimson.
I ran my hands over my ass and I swear it felt as if he was
spanking me.
When he finally stopped and Carly - legs wobbling - got off the
horse he crumpled to the floor. Eli stood over him and looked up
at the two of us.
I ran my hands over his face, the mascara smudged made him look
like the whore he was, and leaned over and kissed him. He invited
my tongue and we had a long hot kiss.
I turned him over and expected his cheeks and boy cunt. I began
to lick his hole. He arched his back and offered it to me.
"Fuck me, Jayne."
I would have, right there and then, but Eli intervened.
"Not yet. Jayne, go over to the other horse and stand in front of
it."
He came over to me and tied my hands to the handles with a soft
silk cord. My feet were fastened to the legs of the apparatus.
I could feel his breath on my naked back. His hand was spreading
me wide, his fingers examining my boy pussy.
His hands the cupped my dick and balls, pushing them between my
legs and close to my butt. He then made Carly get up and,
positioning himself between me and the horse, he held my cock and
sac there.
Eli took some steps back and, without warning, I felt the whip
across my fat ass. Then the tips would slap my balls, and my
hole, and in between.
It felt so good I moaned and whimpered for more.
And there was, much more. I was flogged thoroughly, I could feel
my cheeks stinging and my pussy begging for more. My boy pussy
was exposed increasing my pleasure.
Carly suddenly let go and kneeled behind me. He began to lick my
ass and my cunt and my little cock. He kissed my crack and ran
his tongue all over me. I was shuddering with pleasure.
Eli took him by the hair and made him stand behind me.
"Fuck her!"
Carly spread me wide open, fingering me and applying the lube to
my pussy and his cock.
"Fuck me, Carly. Make me a whore."
His arms embraced my waist and with a slight pop he was inside
me.
"Ahhhh I sighed"
Carly began slowly plugging me, he spread my cheeks and grabbed
my balls.
Then I heard Eli - he was flogging Carly and with each crack of
the whip, Carly fucked me harder and deeper.
I felt as if I was being fucked and flogged, Carly's balls beat
furiously against mine. He twisted his little cock in a way that
made my boy pussy scream for more. My hole felt as if it was
being drilled. It became more and more intense until I felt him
fill my ass with cum.
"Fill me up, that's it, plug my ass, fill me with your boy milk.
Come on, more, flood me, AHHHHHHHHH, yeeeessssss, cum in me..."
He made me moan. Me made my knees collapse.
After I was untied and somewhat recovered Eli led me silently to
a little room. It was large enough to kneel and it had two holes
on opposite walls.
I was ordered to undress and kneel with my ass at one hole and my
mouth at the other. I left only my socks and stockings.
As he left I could hear a key locking the door.
I was sure of what was to come but nothing seemed to happen. I
waited for what seemed an eternity.
Suddenly, from hole in front of me I saw emerge a cock that I
hadn't yet seen. It might have belonged to a horse. Huge, with a
bulbous red head.
I lifted one arm and took it in my hand. It was so soft, and
smooth. I immediately opened my mouth. The head stretched my lips
and filled my mouth. I loved this big cock filling my mouth. I
began sucking and licking and feeling it grow. I tried to swallow
as much as I could of it. It just kept getting longer.
I bobbed my head and shifted my body forward and the backward in
order to take as much as I could in me.
Then, as I shifted my body backward a hard cock invaded my
asshole.
"AHHHHHHHHHHHHH - fill my pussy"
Now as I rocked I had both holes filled. It was fantastic. I kept
the movement as rhythmic as I could. My pussy and mouth were
distended and I felt realized. This is what I was meant to do.
With my boy hole stinging and my mouth full, I began to feel that
both cocks were going to cum at the same time. I couldn't believe
it. I arched my back even more jerking with my cunt on that huge
cock in my ass and sucked down the other one.
I wanted it. And it happened.
They both came at the same time, I pumped and grinded and licked
and sucked. I didn't want to lose a drop.
My pink hole and mouth were flooded with man cream. I could feel
it running down over my sac, down my legs. It dripped from the
sides of my mouth still stuffed with red cock.
I screamed:
"STUFF ME, I'M A CUM SLUT, STRETCH ME WIDE!!!"
And then grabbed the man meat and stuffed it back in my mouth.
There was still some sperm left and I wanted it.
As I began to relax the two dicks disappeared.
There I was, overflowing with jism.
Then, another one came through the hole, smaller than the
previous one but just as beautiful. The head was pink and it was
quite flaccid.
Without hesitation I took it in my mouth and began to suck. I
marveled at how quickly it stiffened in me, I must be doing
something right. It made me hard as a rock.
It must have been a good 7" and it was at full mast.
My boy cunt still stinging felt the probe of another piece of man
meat. I spread as wide as I could to let it in.
I would be ravaged and raped again. I loved it to the point of
losing my senses in delirium.
And again the two cocks filled me and spurted cum inside me, and
I screamed for more. And more.
After four rounds I was exhausted.
Lebu appeared magically at the door and carried me back to the
room where Carly had been fucked silly.
He laid me on the floor, face down, and I felt him part my cheeks
and clean my pussy crack, and backside and dick and balls, and
everything in between. My stockings were in tatters from my
frenzy, and he took off my socks.
To my surprise he began to rub my feet. He kissed them gently and
licked them, sucking each toe.
It felt great. I was relaxing, almost nodding off when I could
smell my man close by.
I lifted my head, still on my tummy, and there he was. Completely
naked. His long cock waving as he kneeled and straddled me.
With both hands he pulled my boy globes together, as if
sculpting. He ran his hand under my sac and over my cheeks, which
made me tingle all over. I was warm and he was back.
After a few minutes he lifted my legs back at the knee, almost
touching my butt. And he kissed my feet, he licked them and
rubbed them between his palms.
He pressed in the middle of the sole, sending at first, a sharp
pain, but immediately after, a sensation of profound relief.
It was indescribable.
Then, he put my legs down, and spread them as wide as they would
go. I arched my back offering him my pink boy pussy.
I felt his tongue rimming me, licking up and down, from below my
sac to the top of my crack. His saliva left me all wet and my
hole was throbbing in anticipation.
I wanted his cock in me. I needed it, I begged for it.
But he buried his face between my cheeks and began to lick me,
but with such force that his tongue was in me, fluttering like a
butterfly, and I went crazy.
I had never felt that before. It was divine and it made me feel
almost about to levitate.
My little dick was hard and after some time he gently turned me
over and began to suck me in his beautiful mouth, he had my balls
and cock in him and I could feel his warm saliva and his tongue
stroking me.
I lifted my legs so that my feet were at my shoulders, and his
hand immediately penetrated me. His finger fucked me and his
mouth sucked me.
I moaned:
"I'm coming...."
"Cum my little slut. Cum in my mouth. Let me see that pussy,
ahhhhh, it looks well fucked!"
I lifted my legs higher so that he could see how much I wanted
him. My cunt had been ravaged and was ready to receive him.
And then I exploded in his mouth. Intense and deep, as if all the
juice that had been deposited in me was now exploding from my
tiny dick.
His finger stretched me more and soon I felt that ivory cock in
my ass. I squirmed and opened my self. He was on top of me,
fucking me, punishing my pussy for being such a slut.
He groaned and whispered:
"Take me, take me..."
"I'm yours" I whispered back. "I am all yours and you can have
every hole in my body"
He exploded and I felt his cock jerk and pull out and then jam
itself back in, making my pussy scream with pleasure.
His man juice dripped and I was fulfilled.
As I lay prostrate I saw a new face. He was an Asian boy, made up
as Carly and me, but he had a very large cock.
"Yoko, this is Jayne."
He nodded and smiled. It was all I could do to smile back.
"I think Jayne needs more punishment" Eli stated
matter-of-factly.
"I do"
Yoko lay down next to me, on the floor. His hands began to
explore my pussy, balls and cock. In the blink of an eye I was
hard again.
We spooned with my pink hole on the receiving end. He wedged that
big dick between my cheeks and began to hump me. I immediately
spread my cheeks and offered my sore boy hole, but he kept
rubbing his cock in my crack.
It felt great, like a pussy massage.
He kissed my back and the nape of my neck. He lifted my leg so
that my little dick would be on display.
Then he went from my crack to between my legs, his now rock like
cock was massaging my underside, my sac and my dick.
After a short while he turned me on my back and straddled my
chest. His huge dick was wavering in my face and I was trying to
take him in my mouth. I wanted to taste him.
But he began to slap my face with his cock.
Whack, slap. At first I was surprised, but then, I began to twist
my head so he could slap me all over.
He grabbed my hair and steadied my head. Then he raised his small
frame and inserted that massive cock in my mouth.
The whole thing.
I wasn't really prepared and began to gag. He pulled back a bit,
giving me a chance to prepare my throat, and he began fucking my
mouth as if it were a pussy.
He pulled my head in, his dick filling me, and then back, and
then forward again. Furiously. I sucked it inside me, it felt
like never before, like my mouth had become a cunt and he was
pounding it.
I could sense an eruption coming, and I was preparing to take his
cum in my mouth when he abruptly pulled out and flipped me on my
tummy. With amazing strength for his size, he spread my legs and
rammed that cock right in my ass.
"OOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHH - FUCK ME!!!" I screamed.
Passed the initial pain, I had never before felt that full. He
rode me, I could see his glistening rod going in and out of me. I
kept spreading wide so my boy hole could enclose his staff.
As he began exploding inside I tightened my pussy to suck him in
ever more. He moaned and filled my insides with the warm liquid I
so loved.
Cum was spread all over my fat ass, dripping from my mouth and
boy pussy. God, I loved it.
I dipped my fingers and licked it all up.
Yoko pulled his big cock out and made me clean it. Just having it
in my mouth again made me hard yet again. He grabbed my little
dick and began to smack it. He smacked my balls and the inside of
my thighs. He spread my cheeks and let the cum drip out.
Out of nowhere a hairbrush appeared and Yoko began spanking me
with vigor. My fat ass jiggled and I offered it to him with each
stroke. My cock was rubbing against the carpet and it felt good
and raw.
My tushy was stinging. He kept the cadence, and I moaned and
begged:
"Spank me, daddy... I've been bad, teach me, beat me, make me
your slut..."
He maintained the spanking for about half and hour, by bum was so
sore I was afraid to even look in the mirrored ceiling.
I must have cum at least 3 times during the episode and my little
dick was raw from humping the carpet.
Yoko had me stand, while he sat cross-legged, his big dick tucked
in so he looked the perfect girl, and began applying a salve to
my tender ass and my cock.
He would rub the salve and kiss my cheeks on the sorest spots.
Lebu seemed to materialize from nowhere and in one sweeping
movement he lifted me on to his shoulder, my butt in the air, and
we left the room.
He laid me belly-down on my bed, and gave me light pat on the
butt. I winced and he smiled. Then he bent over me and began
kissing my cheeks, very delicately, very lovingly.
