*****

Pete found himself on a downtown street, although he wasn't sure exactly where. Indianapolis, maybe. It was actually a fairly nice-looking city. Shops lined both sides of the street, all looking rather quaint and, well, 50s-ish.

He started walking down the street, glancing in shop windows and eyeing the women walking down the street. Not so much because they were attractive, but more because of their clothing. Pretty much all of them were wearing poodle skirts or dresses that looked just like them. And not that Pete would admit it to anyone, but he had kind of a fondness for the poodle skirt look.

When Pete came to the next clothing store, he couldn't help it; he had to go in and get a closer look. And okay, he was getting strange looks from the women in the store, but hey, his presence wasn't that weird, was it?

So maybe it was, so fucking what?

After about ten minutes of just looking around, Pete was so pissed off at all the staring that he did something that was possibly a little drastic. He grabbed a handful of dresses and headed for the fitting rooms.

Unsurprisingly, he was stopped, but when he slipped the woman working there a twenty, she let him by. Pete went into a room, trying on a couple dresses before he found one that fit really well.

He walked out of the room and to the full-length mirrors to look at himself. It was all he could do to keep from laughing at the looks he got as he twirled in front of the mirror, fascinated by the way the skirt flared out.

After he got tired of that, he went and put his clothes back on, judging by the ruckus coming from outside the room that he should just use the time machine from there. He switched it to take him to the present just as someone began banging on the door.

*****

Once again, Pete had the good fortune to pop into his own house, sighing in relief when everything looked normal. That is, until he went to his room and found absolutely no evidence of Fall Out Boy. As a matter of fact, he saw a framed degree hanging on the wall. Apparently he'd graduated from the John Marshall Law School. Oh, hell.

Pete's first thought was about why he was still living with his parents if he was a lawyer. His second was whether he still knew the guys or not. He called Patrick, who didn't answer, but his voicemail said he could be reached at a little dive bar they'd played at once or twice when they had just started out as a band.

It was really not in the best neighborhood, and Pete kind of couldn't believe that Patrick would work at a place like that. It worried him, and well, he really just needed to go make sure Patrick was alright; then he'd worry about Joe and Andy.

Pete realized that he had no way to get to the bar, so he made himself look as nondescript as possible and took the bus. The stop he got off at was thankfully only a few blocks from the bar. As he walked up, he saw a number of young girls and a few guys hanging out in the alley behind the bar.

They were pretty obviously hookers, and Pete wouldn't even have given them a second look if he hadn't seen a familiar head of hair. It was kind of impossible to miss Joe when he hadn't cut his hair in awhile.

Pete hesitated, not sure exactly what to do. He ended up wandering closer, and he saw Andy standing a little behind Joe. How the hell could this have happened to his best friends?

"Joe?" Pete asked tentatively when he got close enough to be heard.

He focused on Joe, studiously ignoring the few people who were obviously working. Not that he was opposed to watching people having sex, but he'd never really gone for the hooker thing.

Joe looked at him without a hint of recognition. "How do you know my name?"

Pete winced at Joe's tone. There was no emotion there; no anger, no fear, nothing.

"We used to know each other years ago." Pete had no idea whether that was true or not, but it didn't really matter.

Once again, Joe's reaction was somewhat underwhelming. "Oh, okay. Is that why you're here? Or were you looking for something else?" Joe's manner and stance changed immediately. He sort of leaned in toward Pete, but managed not to crowd him. "I can be very…accommodating."

Pete was sure he'd never heard Joe sound quite like that before, and he stumbled back a step in surprise. Joe was far better at sounding appealing than Pete would have guessed. "Uh, no. No, I'm not here for that. Just, how the hell did you end up here?"

"Me and Andy," Joe said, gesturing at the other man who just looked at Pete blankly, "got left high and dry by this asshole a few years ago. Had nowhere to go, so we ended up here. Our friend works in the bar and helps keep this a safe place to work."

Pete really wanted to ask why they hadn't just gone home or anything, so he could figure this out, but he had a sneaking suspicion that he was the asshole that had left them. And showing how much he knew about their lives before might not be a good idea if he didn't want them to figure out who he was. Hell, he wasn't even sure why they hadn't, just glad for it.

"Oh uh, that really fucking sucks. Um, maybe I could…yeah. Here," Pete said, pulling a handful of twenties out of his pocket and awkwardly shoving them at Joe.

"I knew you were here for something." And God, Joe didn't sound even the slightest bit triumphant as he started undoing Pete's belt right then and there. "Blowjob sound good?" he asked.

It was quite obvious that Joe wasn't really looking for an answer since he kept right on working Pete's pants open while Pete only managed to splutter a little. And holy shit, apparently the gay thing hadn't gone away because Pete was hard practically the second Joe got a slightly cold hand on his dick. Pete finally found his words, but they did little good.

"Really Joe, you don't have to-" Pete broke off with a choked gasp as Joe effortlessly slid to his knees and took Pete into his mouth with no warning. Pete couldn't help letting out a groan as Joe idly ran his tongue around the head of Pete's dick.

Joe looked up and pulled off for a second. "You might wanna keep it down a little."

And with that, Pete was really aware of his surroundings and the fact that oh hey, there were about half a dozen people watching Joe go down on him. He was sure he'd be embarrassed later that that didn't cause his erection to flag in the slightest. At present, though, he could only concentrate on not bucking his hips too hard as Joe once again began sucking him off like the pro he apparently was.

And God, within a minute, Pete felt ready to burst. It only took a sneaky finger making its way back to rub around his asshole for him to come as hard as he ever had, into Joe's mouth. Joe pulled off him again, spitting on the ground and straightening up.

Pete had to just lean against the wall of the bar for a minute before he even felt like he could move. When he did finally move, though, he quickly tucked himself back in and buttoned up his jeans. Joe was looking at him and drinking a can of soda that had appeared seemingly from nowhere, and Pete unexpectedly felt a blush spread over his cheeks.

"Uh, I've gotta, uh, go now," he mumbled, sort of inching his way out of the alley.

"Sure. And don't forget to come back sometime," Joe replied with a wink and a heated smile.

Pete knew those gestures were all for show, but they still managed to cause a shiver down his spine. He fled the alley and only stopped when he was several blocks away. With slightly shaking hands, he got the time machine ready to send him to 1945.

*****

Once again, it looked like he was in Chicago, and what was up with going to different places sometimes, anyway? Pete was pretty sure he'd never actually be able to figure that one out, so it was probably better to just let it lie. He looked around, and although things weren't exactly as he remembered them, Pete was pretty sure he was somewhere familiar.

He walked down the street a little, and when he came to an intersection, he knew why. Pete was only two blocks from his grandparents' house, and he practically ran to there. Before he could think about it much, he knocked on the door. When his grandmother answered the door (and God, she looked just like she did in the old photographs his mom had), he really had no idea what to say.

"Can I help you?" she asked, eyeing him suspiciously.

At her look, Pete realized that he probably looked really out of place with his tight clothes and eyeliner. "Um well, I'm Jack's cousin, Peter. But I suppose he's probably not here right now."

"No, he's at work."

"Alright yeah, I was just in town because my, uh, band is playing, and I thought I'd stop by to say hello. Could you maybe tell him I was here?"

"Alright."

Pete turned to walk away when his grandmother spoke again. "You must be in an interesting band."

Pete turned back just in time to see her checking out his clothing. He chuckled. "Yeah, we like to think we're ushering in the future."

"We've got a strange future coming, if you are."

"We might at that," he said, smiling.

She smiled back. "I'll be sure to tell Jack you stopped by."

"Thanks." Pete walked away and down the street, setting the time machine to go to the present.

*****

Pete stumbled a little at his sudden dizziness and was only kept from falling down a staircase by an extremely skinny, black-haired guy who caught his arm.

"Careful, Pete," he said with a smile as he yanked Pete toward him and their bodies crashed together.

Pete was caught a little off-guard, so he didn't move away before the other man did. He followed along behind, wondering who that was and where they were. As they walked into another room, he started to get an idea of the where. It was a film set, but well, it pretty obviously didn't have a large budget. And judging by the fact that the set was a bedroom and there were condoms and lube everywhere, he had the sneaking suspicion that it was a porn set.

"Pete, babe. Good to see you. We need you ready, ASAP. So go get your makeup done and get back out here."

The man, who was obviously the director, pushed him toward another room. The girl in there looked at him expectantly, and he sat on the stool in front of her.

"For God's sake, Pete, shirt off; you know that."

"Oh, right."

With his shirt off, the girl went to work and sent him back fifteen minutes later. And really, Pete didn't think he could be blamed for the staring he did, what with the mostly-naked guys walking around. The black-haired guy from earlier was only wearing boxers, and geez, was that Frank Iero in a pair of barely-there briefs? Okay, this might not be so bad.

"Alright, Jeremy on the bed. Pete comes in and gets your boxers off and blows you. Got it? Good."

Nice that he got to find out the black-haired dude's name, considering he was supposed to be blowing him in mere moments.

"Action!"

Oh, and there was his cue.

Pete sauntered in and got Jeremy's boxers off with a quick pull. Damn, the guy really was skinny. Like, William Beckett skinny. Pete took some time to lick around Jeremy's hipbones before moving down to his dick, which was long, but skinny. Kind of like Jeremy himself.

Okay, so Pete had never actually sucked dick before, but as he licked around the head of Jeremy's, he knew it wasn't going to be a hardship. Jeremy let out a low moan as Pete actually got down to business. He pushed his mouth down until he had about half of Jeremy's dick in it and began swirling his tongue around and bring his hand up to rub Jeremy's balls.

Jeremy let out a squeak and pushed at him. "Jesus Pete, I'm gonna come if you keep that up."

Pete backed off and wiped at his mouth. "Sorry?"

"Hey, it's cool. Just don't wanna lose it too soon, you know," Jeremy said, gesturing at his dick kind of shyly.

Pete grinned hugely and was amused to see Jeremy blush bright red.

The director spoke again. "Alright guys, alright. Jeremy, condom. Frank, get in here and start lubing Pete up. Condom for you, too. Otherwise just go with what works. You sure you're still up for it, Pete?"

"Up for what?"

"Oh, for the love of…the double penetration. You still good with it?"

"Um, I guess, yeah," Pete said without thinking.

"Great, then let's get on with it. Ready? Action."

Apparently Frank was really quick, because he was tugging Pete's pants off as soon as the director stopped talking. Pete looked over his shoulder at Frank, and oh, he was naked, too. Pete had to sit down to get his jeans all the way off, and by the time he managed to kick them off, Frank was staring at him with a heated look while Jeremy pulled him further back on the bed.

They somehow conspired to turn him over, and before Pete knew it, he was lying on top of Jeremy and kissing him while Frank worked a finger into him. And, well, it was a little awkward at first, what with Frank stretching him open.

Pete was actually kind of relieved to find that he seemed to be leading with Jeremy, who was really kind of kissing him like an inexperienced teenager. Concentrating on Jeremy helped him put the whole weird, sort of uncomfortable fingering thing to the back of his mind. Well, mostly anyway.

It got better after a little while, though, when Frank had a couple of fingers in him and curled them forward. Pete shuddered and ground himself against Jeremy's leg; it was still a little weird, but he could definitely get used to that feeling. There was a certain amount of burn as Frank worked a third finger into Pete's ass, but Pete was still doing alright.

At a fourth finger, Pete had to just pause and breathe. Frank leaned down over him, ostensibly to kiss Jeremy, but he whispered in Pete's ear before leaning up again. "God, Pete, what the hell happened? You're a lot tighter than I remember."

Pete turned to answer and found that he didn't know what to say, so he gave a small shrug. As Frank stretched him open, Pete turned his attention to Jeremy's erection again, stroking it slowly to keep him hard without pushing him over the edge.

It felt like seconds later that Frank was removing his fingers, leaving Pete feeling just a bit empty. Almost immediately, Frank took Jeremy's dick from his hand, helping line Jeremy up to push into Pete. After four fingers, having a dick up his ass didn't really seem all that bad; it was kinda weird, sure, but not bad.

Jeremy sort of made an attempt to thrust into Pete, but he didn't have any leverage, so he just ended up shifting a little. Pete huffed out a small breath and shifted himself around; that was more like it.

Before long, they had a good rhythm going, and Pete had just managed to hit that really nice spot again when Frank stopped him. Pete very nearly whined, but it sort of morphed into a gasp as Frank stuck a finger in him again. And yeah, Pete knew it was necessary, but that didn't stop him from trying to shift away from the intrusion.

It was even slower going with both a cock and fingers. By the time Frank managed to work a second finger into him, Pete was feeling kind of breathless. He was relieved when Frank removed the fingers, until he felt Frank's dick right up next to Jeremy's.

As Frank started to push in, Pete's breathing began to get faster and faster. The pain got worse, his breathing got more labored, and…Pete maybe kind of passed out. When he came to, he was a bit disoriented, but that was cleared up quickly.

"Are you alright? You lost consciousness for a couple minutes on me." Jeremy looked a little worried.

Pete took a deep breath and shifted slightly. Holy shit, both of them were inside of him. "Yeah, I'm okay," he sort of grunted.

"Good," Frank said, starting very slowly to pull out.

Pete couldn't do anything but groan. He had lost his erection completely, but it came back full force with Frank's movements. There was almost continual pressure on his prostate as they fucked him, and Pete could barely stand the feeling. He tried in vain to shift away from it, to get some relief, anything; nothing seemed to help.

As they continued to fuck him, Pete found himself getting closer and closer, and finally he couldn't take it anymore, coming all over Jeremy's stomach with an incomprehensible noise. He shivered his way through his orgasm, distantly aware of Jeremy coming as well.

Frank, however, kept up his thrusting, and Pete's vision started to go gray again. Luckily, Frank came before Pete actually managed to pass out a second time. He sighed in relief when Frank pulled out, although the relief was short-lived since he had to move off of Jeremy.

He managed to roll to the side, but his ass hurt so fucking much that he just needed to lie there. After about ten minutes, Pete opened his eyes and looked around, seeing only Jeremy, who was pulling on a jacket.

"You good to get home?" he asked, not meeting Pete's eyes.

"I think so."

"Good, I'll see you in a few days." He waved vaguely in Pete's direction and walked out.

Pete wasn't quite as well off as he had claimed, and it took him half an hour to get dressed and limp down to his car. Of course, then he realized that home might not actually be home and checked his license. He headed for the address on it, which turned out to be an apartment.

Once there, he got something to eat and settled himself on the sofa, grabbing his cell phone with the intention to call Patrick. Except that Patrick didn't seem to be one of his contacts. In fact, his parents' number and a work number were the only ones saved to his phone. God, he didn't even want to contemplate how lonely his life must be if he didn't have anyone's number in his phone. Instead, he just lay down right where he was and fell asleep almost immediately.

When Pete woke up, he looked at the nearest clock and found that he'd been asleep for over 12 hours. He was pretty sure that was a record for him, not counting times when he'd been sick, of course.

It still hurt quite a bit to move, but at least it was a little better than it had been the day before. His first move was to head for the bathroom and to down some painkillers. That done, he decided to eat a little breakfast before using the time machine again, this time going to 1933.

*****

Pete showed up once again in the middle of a neighborhood, although he really didn't know where for sure. Just that there were a number of houses that didn't look very well-kept. This, he guessed, was kind of unsurprising since the Depression was in full swing. And that gave him an idea.

He pulled some of his money out of his backpack and walked up to the nearest house, leaving a couple hundred dollars in the mailbox. He did this with four more houses and then got ready to head back to the present.

*****

Pete didn't even have time to take in his surroundings before another person crashed into him. He fell back into an armchair, and Patrick clung to him, seemingly trying to climb up his body.

"Patrick, what's wrong?"

Pete had never seen him act like this before, in all the years that they'd known each other. Before Patrick could answer, though, Gabe Saporta walked through the front door, pointing a gun at them. Pete didn't know what to say, or even what to think, so he just sat there and stared, unable to believe what he was seeing. Luckily, Patrick collected himself enough to say something, saving Pete the trouble.

"Gabe stopped by my place today to ask me out again," he said in a deceptively calm voice. "He wouldn't believe me when I told him we were dating, so I told him I'd prove it."

Patrick pulled back to look Pete in the eye then, and Pete could guess from the look on his face how things had gone down. Gabe must have pulled the gun out at Patrick's place, and it was pretty obvious that Patrick had managed to get him believing that they might be dating, although why that mattered, Pete wasn't sure.

"And how are we supposed to prove it?"

Gabe answered him this time, with a decidedly crazy look in his eyes. "You fuck. And if I don't believe it, I kill you."

"But why?" Pete couldn't help the confused question.

"Because," Gabe was visibly trying to keep his temper, "if he's with you, I respect that. But if he just doesn't want me…" Gabe trailed off, waving the gun a little.

And okay, that didn't exactly make sense to Pete, but Gabe was obviously past any kind of logic anyway. At least Pete could do something about the situation.

"Alright, yeah. Um, just let me…maybe we could go to the bedroom?"

Gabe nodded, and Pete sort of pried Patrick from him. He led the way, doing a lot better about not freaking out than he thought he was capable of. Then again, he needed to help Patrick, and really, what could be more important than that?

Pete whipped off his shirt and tossed it aside, working through what he needed to do to make this work. He was pretty sure he was gonna have to fuck Patrick since really, he was still in enough pain that getting fucked would be out of the question. He just hoped that Patrick would be alright with it.

Patrick, unsurprisingly, was reluctant to have Pete remove his shirt and hat, but a look over at Gabe, who was sitting at Pete's desk and watching them intently, made him change his mind. Pete leaned into Patrick, sort of kissing at his neck, but really taking the chance to whisper to him.

"Just try to relax and follow my lead, okay? And don't look at Gabe; focus on me."

Patrick gave a small nod as Pete unbuttoned his jeans. Pete then stepped away and got his own undone and off while Patrick pushed his own jeans and boxers off. Pete locked eyes with Patrick, giving him a smirk and pushing him onto the bed. Pete flopped down on the bed next to Patrick and rooted around under it. And damn, he had never been happier that he was so predictable about where he left condoms and lube.

He shifted until he had one leg between Patrick's and was lying half on top of him before leaning down to kiss him. Yeah, Pete was really fucking glad that he could get it up easily; at least he wouldn't have to worry about that. He wasn't so great at multi-tasking, though, so he had to pause to get the condom open and on and to get some lube on his fingers.

Pete could tell that Patrick was looking at Gabe again, because he was tensing up. Pete quickly went back to kissing him and hey, apparently that really was a good distraction, because Pete felt Patrick start to harden against his thigh.

Pete moved his hand down, giving Patrick's dick a quick stroke, down further to fondle his balls, until he got to Patrick's asshole and slid his finger halfway in. Patrick made a small noise of discomfort, but he was still accommodating when Pete pressed in further.

Patrick clung to Pete as he was stretched open with first two, then three, fingers. When Pete finally pulled his fingers free, Patrick didn't seem to want him to go, and he had to smile a little at that. Pete shifted himself again to lie completely on top of Patrick, who bent his knees in accommodation.

Pete pushed his dick into Patrick slowly, not stopping until he was all the way in. As he pulled back out, he realized that there was no way this would work. His ass had started hurting again, and he just didn't think he'd be up to that much movement. But maybe – Pete pushed back in and leaned forward.

"We're gonna roll over, okay? I want you to ride me."

Patrick shuddered a little, but he moved when Pete did, ending up straddling Pete's thighs and panting hard. He shifted for a moment and started really moving, lifting up only slightly at first but going higher as moving got easier. Pete had a hard time not moving, but he discovered that if he moved only slightly, it didn't really hurt.

Patrick began making a sort of desperate whimpering sound, and Pete took that as his cue to jerk Patrick off. He was pretty obviously right since Patrick came only a minute later, huffing out Pete's name. Pete was so, so close to coming, too, but he just wasn't quite there. Until, of course, Patrick leaned down and gave his nipple a sharp bite. And damn, Pete had no idea he'd have any kind of reaction to that at all, let alone coming hard.

They both lay there for a minute, just breathing, until Patrick flicked his gaze quickly toward Gabe. Which, of course, completely killed the mood. On the plus side, Gabe didn't look nearly so angry anymore; he actually looked kind of sad.

"Sorry I tried to get between the two of you."

With that, he just walked out, and they heard the front door slam behind him. Patrick sagged in relief, beginning to shake slightly. Pete was pretty freaked out, himself.

"You okay?" he asked, disentangling from Patrick so they could lie next to each other.

Patrick was silent for a moment. "Fuck, Pete," he started, his voice breaking, "I was so fucking scared. Like, what if he hadn't believed me, or what if you hadn't helped, or what if he wasn't convinced, or-"

Pete covered Patrick's mouth with his hand. "I'm glad he believed you, and you know I'll always be here for you. But Patrick, there's no way he couldn't be convinced that I love you."

Patrick just pulled him into a full-body hug, where they stayed until he fell asleep. Pete wasn't really tired, and well, he kind of needed to get a handle on things. Because shit, did he ever love Patrick, was so in love that he wasn't sure what to do about it. Nothing like almost losing someone to reinforce the love you had for them.

Not that it really mattered immediately, since there was no way he was staying here with a crazy Gabe Saporta who was after Patrick. But at some point, he was sure things would be okay, and when they were, he needed to know that he could get Patrick to love him back.

Either way, he wanted to get moving before Patrick woke up, so he could be spared from any more of what he was feeling. After a quick shower, Pete took all the cash he could find lying around before heading back to 1926.

*****

Pete was dizzy as soon as he popped in, and the unexpected heat made it worse. He plopped down on the side of the street, waiting for it to pass. He didn't know exactly where he was, but it was obviously a big city.

Pete pulled off the hoodie he was wearing, trying in vain to make himself cooler. And then he had a good – well, probably actually kind of stupid – idea. He fiddled with the time machine as he walked over to an alley across the street. He quickly stripped off his clothes and hid them behind some trash before jogging out of the alley and down the street. Almost everyone stopped to stare as he ran past.

Pete ran for a block before turning and running down another street. He circled back and ran into the alley again, getting redressed as fast as possible and going back to the present.