Author: mypenname3000
Title: Owning a Maid Harem Chapter Thirty-Five: Maids Recruiting Naughty Maids
Summary: The maids are on a recruiting drive!
Keyword: FF FFF MMMF mc oral creampie anal spank toys exhib voy public inter

Characters

Main Characters

Lance Hayward: New Master of Hayward Manor.
Cali: The purple-eyed maid with a mysterious past. Has the Golden Garter.
Maria Hayward: Lance's mother. Has the Silver Garter and is his Mommy-Maid.
Kylie Hayward: Lance's little sister. Has the Pink Garter and his Little Sister Maid.
Ms. Lynette Docea: Lance's history teacher. Has the Light-Blue Garter and is his Teacher-Maid.
Nancy Heres: Lance's aunt and mother's sister. Has the Red Garter and is his Aunt-Maid.
Bella Miles: Lance's best friend. Has the Yellow Garter and is his Maid-Wife.

The Daughter Maids  Bronze Garters
Angela Hayward: Lance's daughter with his mother.  
Chantelle Hayward: Lance's eighth daughter with his mother
Chastity Hayward: Lance's third daughter with his mother.
Delilah Hayward: Lance's fourth daughter with his mother.
Rose Hayward: Lance's sixth daughter with his mother.
Serena Hayward: Lance's fifth daughter with his mother.
Virginia Hayward: Lance's second daughter with his mother. 
Zelda Hayward: Lance's seventh daughter with his mother.

The Virgin Maids  Pink Garters
Ashley: Student
Brenda: Student
Cherry Milton: Twin to Sherry
Heather Goldsmith: Daughter of the jewelry shop owner.
Janiqua: Student
Rashimi: Attends First Baptist
Tabitha: Kylie's best friend
Yuki Hanada: Shrine Maiden at the Tsukuyomi Shrine on Sanuki Island in mountains
Zeta: Attends First Baptist

The Wise-Maids  Gray Garters
Abigail Wright: Curator at the Museum of Neolithic History
Asuka: Student
Esmerelda Jimenez: Pilot, Aeronautical Engineer
Marsha Peterson: PHD in Celtic Mythology
Ming Hu: Chinese college student with a masters in mathematics going for Ph.D.
Mrs. Johnson: Teacher
Mrs. White: Principal
Sister Martha Ruth: Nun at St. Theresa

The Slut-Maids  Orange Garters
Alisha: Shop girl
Carmen Black: Pilot
Deborah: Aunt Nancy's eldest daughter.
Deidre: Attends First Baptist
Janet Varsity: Pilot
Izzy: Aunt Nancy's youngest daughter.
Ji-Woo Im: Runs Happy Touch Massage Parlor
Seo-Yun Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Concubine-Maids  Green Garters
Alice: Student
Carla: Cheerleader
Dalia Smythe: Wedding planner
Felicity: Student
Gloria: Student
Lily Myers: Pilot
Mrs. Kenning: Mother to Opal
Mrs. Miles: Bella's mother
Opal Kenning: Bride going to marry Clint Hartford.
Veronica: Student

The Demon-Maid  Black Garter
The Seductress: An imprisoned in the flesh.

Other Characters

Aleister Hayward: Brought the manor from England to America
Bianca: stripper at Club Desire. black hair, big boobs
Clint Hartford: Groom going to marry Opal Kenning
Coach Richards: Teacher
Daffodil: Attends First Baptist
Dara Bigsby: Pilot
Derrick: Rick Reynold's best man, banging his bride.
Estella Rayne: Pilot
Hannah: Stripper at Club Desire,
Iris Devim: Pilot
Lana: Attends First Baptist
Luscious Lisa: stripper at club desire, bleached-blonde hair, blue eyes
Melissa Stevens: Member of the Sigma Lambda Tau sorority.
Mortimer Hayward: Lance's dead uncle, previous owner of Hayward Manor.
Mr. Carter: Teacher
Mr. Goldsmith: Won of the men who owns Goldsmith & Sons Jewelry.
Mr. Jordan: Teacher
Pita: Attends First Baptist
Principal Murphy: Principal of Franklin High School.
Rick Reynolds: Groom goign to marry Rita Carlyle.
Rita Carlyle: Bride going to marry Rick Reynolds. Cheating on him with his best man.
Sister Shannon Ester: Nun at St. Theresa, killed by Malevolence
Ursula: Attends First Baptist
Young-Ja Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Imprisoned

The Gizzamuluke
The Hagazim
Lady Smiles
The Maggotborn
Malevolence
The Misshapen
The Ripper
Smiles
The Stalker
The Tempest
The Twin
The Warmth
The Weeper
The Woods

The Unbound

The Huntsmen
The Queen

Ms. Lynette Docea

The bustle of the college job fair echoed around me as I smiled at the newest maid to join Master Hayward's harem. Ming Hu stood there in her glasses and the gray garter I had just slid up her leg. Her glasses perched on her nose. A cute Chinese girl with black hair falling in a short bob around her head. She was going for a Ph.D. in Mathematics.

A smart girl who was now vanishing beneath the table to pleasure me. Just the way a new maid should.

Asuka studied her laptop and her algorithm to find strange events to hopefully predict incursions from the Otherworld. She had found something strange near us. Cows producing black milk. Chickens laying blood-filled eggs.

Ming Hu's soft hands caressed my thighs as she pushed them apart. My skirt rustled, the layers of lacy petticoats shifting as her head pressed toward my pussy. She nuzzled into my shaved folds and licked at my twat. A hot shiver ran through me.

Oh, Hayward Manor, nice! a Black girl said as she headed up to the table. That sounds neat!
Does it? I asked as Ming Hu's delicious tongue stroked up my pussy folds from my taint to my clit, the pleasure rushing through my body. Mmm, and what did you study at college?

Gender Studies, she said. I have a major in it. Ooh, so what does a maid do?

Isn't this too patriarchal for you? I asked, Ming Hu's delicious tongue stroking up and down my folds. She knew what she was doing. That girl had eaten pussy before. 

I mean, I suppose. Maids do cleaning and stuff. But... She shivered. Serving the Master of Hayward Manor sounds neat.

Being his whore, I moaned as Ming Hu thrust her tongue into my pussy. His willing slut. One of fifty-five women who are at his beck and call. To fight for him. Die for him. To be used as his personal cum-dump.

Mmm, that sounds wonderful, Ming Hu moaned into my pussy. I'm Master Hayward's cum-dump.

Yeah, I like the sound of it, said the Black girl. I mean, he's like the one exception to toxic masculinity, right? I think we learned that. So, sign me up.

Nope, I said. I want someone who studied something useful. Run along. Go post a protest hashtag on Twitter or something.

Fine, huffed the Black girl. You don't have to be rude. 

She shook her head while I just sighed and enjoyed Ming Hu's tongue dancing around in my pussy. She swirled about in my snatch. The stroking sensation sent such delicious treats sweeping through my pussy. Ming Hu was so worth it just for this glorious moment. She was eating my pussy with such alacrity. Just devouring me with all that she had. I loved how she flicked her tongue around in me.

I closed my eyes, my cheap, plastic chair groaning beneath me from the shudders. She knew what she was doing to me. That was for certain. She had an amazing tongue. Just a powerful one. It was fabulous. I was in heaven here.

Oh, Ming Hu, I groaned, her tongue dancing around in my pussy. Her lips massaged my labia. Yes, yes, you're going to be such an asset to Master Hayward.

Wonderful, she moaned and flicked her tongue to my clit.

I shuddered, my face scrunching up as another college coed drifted over. She had dyed-purple hair and a nose piercing. She paused to stare at us and smiled. She sauntered over as I gripped the edge of the table, loving that hot mouth on my clit.

Hi! the purple-haired girl said brightly. I think I can be a big help with your organization.

Asuka snorted as she kept staring at her screen.

And how do you think that? I asked, panting. My orgasm built and built as Ming Hu's tongue swept around my clit. 

Well, I'm about to graduate with my Human Resources degree, and I'll be perfect for hiring and discipline and helping things go smoothly at Hayward Manor. She had a bright smile on her lips and a bit of a jowl.

She wasn't even hot enough to join, let alone have a suitable degree.

We already have a head of Human Resources, Asuka said. She's a demon bound to Master Hayward by centuries-old compact.

So she'll be retiring soon, the purple-haired girl said. I can work beneath her and be ready to take her place.

She's immortal and bound to the Hay, I moaned. She's not retiring in our lifetime. Sorry. It's a poor fit.

The purple-haired girl sighed. Well, do you have a brochure I can browse anyways?

I shook my head, Ming Hu's soft lips nibbling on my clit in such a delicious way. Another girl strode up as the purple-haired HR major drifted away. We couldn't recruit all the women to the harem. Only the best. Our mission was of the utmost importance to the world.

The newcomer was a platinum-blonde, her hair a tangle of dreads. She smiled at us, a slender thing. She had a T-shirt that read, Yep, I'm hot and a Vegan! She flicked her gaze over us, her eyes studious.

Maybe she was a smart girl even if she was a vegan.

So... she said, glancing down at us. My toes curled. Ming Hu's lips felt incredible on my clit. What do you do as a maid at Hayward Manor?

Have sex, said Asuka. With Master Hayward. Other maids. There's cleaning. Fighting demons. Video game tournaments.

Cool, cool, said the newcomer. I'm vegan, but I do eat pussy! Sign me up.

What... did you... study? I moaned, breathless as my orgasm was about to burst through me.

Interpretative Dance! she said with such enthusiasm.

What a useless fucking degree! I moaned as I climaxed.

I bucked in my chair, pleasure exploding out of my pussy. My cunt writhed as my juices gushed out of me and bathed Ming Hu's lips. She licked up the cream as I trembled through my orgasm, my boobs bouncing in my bodice.

Go, go, get lost! I gasped, my entire body trembling through the rapture. 

I groaned through my ecstasy. I had two more garters to give out, and I wasn't wasting one on Interpretative Dance Theory. Ming Hu's tongue slid up and down my folds, lapping at me with all that she had. It was delicious. Wondrous.

The dreadlock girl got huffy and marched off. I didn't care. I felt amazing. Ming Hu's tongue lapped at my pussy, adding waves of delight washing through my body that mixed with the ecstasy flooding out of my pussy. I held that wonderful moment. I savored this pleasure so much. 

Oh, yes, that was perfect, Ming Hu, I said, staring out at the sea of girlsokay, there were plenty of guys, but it was the girls I needed and not ones with stupid degrees! None of them had anything practical. Nothing scholarly. Mmm, I think we need to recruit in a different spot on campus.

Where? Asuka asked, closing her laptop.

I shuddered. The library. Maybe we'll find a studious girl in the library.

I like it, Ming Hu said. I'll lead the way!

Such an enthusiastic new maid. She was delicious. A wonderful recruit. I was so glad that she had stopped by. I rose and left up the banner the school had printed for us. They had gone out of their way to make sure we had a great booth when I called them up last night. Just bent over backward to help out Hayward Manor.

The magic was fascinating the way it bent the world to benefit Master Hayward. My student was a fulcrum about which the world turned. I wondered if the magic had limits. We were all thralls to it. Myself, Asuka, and Ming Hu. The others. Slaves to it. The garters let us accept being cum-dumps to one man. To be his personal whores. 

His devoted and loving maids.

I should be mad or offended. I should be working to set myself free from my slavery. I knew at an intellectual level I never would have chosen this. In fact, I would have been horrified and offended to be given the offer, but the magic changed everything. I loved it. I was a happy slave. A devoted one. I wanted to be with Master Hayward until the day I died.

And I would be with him in my afterlife, too. An eternity of bliss writhing in the Hay protecting humanity from the insanity of the Otherworld. From all the creatures we thought of as myths and legends. All the forgotten gods and entities that our ancestors revered and feared and that we had discarded because we believed in knew things.

Ming Hu led the way naked across the campus. She strode without hesitation, the magic keeping anyone from caring. Asuka and I followed in our maid's uniforms. We drew attention, but I didn't care. We served Master Hayward. We were important.

The library rose before us. It had lots of windows. A rather modern monstrosity that allowed so much natural light in. Not like the libraries of yore that were monoliths of stone. Heavy buildings guarding their wares with care. Knowledge used to be so scarce, it was valued. 

Know any idiot could find all their answers on their phone by asking Google. How could anyone value something so easily attained. No wonder every generation was less educated than the one before it. We were spiraling down into mediocrity.

Well, that wasn't my problem any longer. I served something grander.

We walked into the library itself, an open area in the center for studying surrounded by the stacks. I might consider a librarian, but they had weird degrees these days. They weren't English majors who studied Shakespeare or read other classics. They had their own degrees on Library Science. 

How hard was learning the dewy decimal system?

I strode along and saw there were quite a few guys here studying. More than there were girls. They were working hard. I glanced at the titles, looking for anything interesting. One girl was doodling instead of reading. She looked overwhelmed by her book on biology.

Probably her science credit that she didn't want to take.

Another was reading a sociology book, so I ignored her. Then I came across a Hispanic girl. She was nodding her head, airbuds in her ears. She had a book open up before her written in German. There was a black and white picture of a pyramid. She wrote notes down beside her in a clear, crisp handwriting. She had filled the page, each note referencing a section in the book.

She looked up at me and frowned. She popped out her airbuds. The faint sound of music came from them. Um, yes?

Do you speak German? I asked.

And Ancient Egyptian, she said, looking rather proud. Or I can read it since no one knows how it's really pronounced.

Well, well, I said, setting my cedar box on the table and opening it. I pulled out the second-to-last garter. She would be the penultimate Scholar-Maid. Welcome to Hayward Manor.

She gasped as she saw the garter. A big smile spread on her golden-brown face, her cheeks dimpling. Her glossy, black hair fell in waves down to her shoulders. She reached for the hem of her t-shirt. It had a logo that read, History for Granite, and a pyramid behind it. It was an amusing pun, I supposed. She ripped it off, her round breasts held in a red bra.

This is so exciting, she said as she reached behind me. Master Hayward is just such a wonderful man to serve.

He is, I said. I'm Lynette Docea, and you are...?

Petra, she said, a big smile on her lips as she removed her bra. Her round tits spilled out, her nipples brown and hard. Petra Jimenez. Thank you for this! I've always wanted to be a maid for Hayward Manor.

Had you even heard of Hayward Manor before? Asuka asked as she sat at the table and opened her laptop.

No, said Petra, a look of awe crossing her face. She unsnapped her high-waisted jeans. But the moment you opened up the box, I just knew I had wanted this all my life. Like it had been waiting in the depths of my subconscious, ready to awaken in me.

Interesting, Asuka said.

Was the desire to serve the Master of Hayward Manor residing in the Collective Unconscious? I wasn't sure I believed in that particular theory of Jungian Psychology. Campbell believed in it. The Hero with a Thousand Faces and all that. Maybe something was lurking in all of us that the magic used.
 
Fascinating.

Petra wiggled out of her jeans, her boobs bouncing in a delicious way. I played with the gray garter as she shoved her jeans down to her ankles. Then she had to deal with her shoes. She bent over, tits swaying, and unlaced them.

I admired the pair of purple panties she wore. Not coordinating her bra and panties. She winked at me as she hooked the waistband of her panties. She shoved them off, revealing a thick bush gleaming with her excitement. A wave of heat rushed through me as she pushed off her panties and her socks.

She rose and lifted her left leg, breathing fast. I'm so ready to be Master Hayward's!

Not so loud, an overweight woman pushing a cart of books said. This is a library.

Right, right, Petra whispered as she trembled there.

I smiled at her and slipped the gray garter over her leg. It felt so... delicious doing that. A wave of delight washed over me as I worked the garter up and up her leg. I whisked it back and forth, working it higher and higher. I smiled in delight as I left it around her leg.

She stared down at it and smiled. She clapped her hands softly together and let out quiet hisses. I loved the sight. My pussy was so wet. Ming Hu darted over and hugged her fellow new maid, their bodies rubbing together. 

It was a delicious sight.

Mmm, I purred, grabbing my purse and pulling out a strap-on I had brought along to break in any new maids. Petra, why don't you eat out Ming Hu's pussy while I fuck you in the... ass. I should let Master Hayward enjoy her pussy first.

Yes, Ms. Docea! Petra said, grinning.

I smiled at her as Ming Hu sat her rump on the table and leaned back, her small boobs jiggling. She was a petite thing. Short and cute. She pushed up her glasses as she spread her leg. She had a bush just as thick as Petra. Two girls that had better things to do than shave their cunts every few days.

I wasn't one to judge, since I did shave my cunt every few days. Maybe Nancy could recruit a woman who waxed. A stylist or something so we could keep that sort of grooming in-house. Or, well, I doubted it was hard to learn how to do it.

I pulled up the strap-on and licked my lips. Petra bent over. She had such a delicious rump. A naughty curve down to her cute thighs. I pulled out a bottle of lube and dribbled it down the fleshy shaft. I stroked it up and down the dildo, getting it nice and ready.

Oh, oh, Ming Hu whimpered softy. Petra.

Mmm, you're delicious, cooed Petra.

I smiled and glanced around at the studying students. The girl who wanted to do anything but ready her biology textbook watched us with interest. I winked at her as I pressed the lubed end of the dildo between Petra's butt-cheeks. I slid down until I found her asshole. I thrust. She groaned.

A big smile spread on my lips at the pressure swelling on my clit. The base massaged my bud in such a delicious way. Her asshole slowly parted for the tip of my toy. I gripped her hips, my uniform rustling. She moaned louder and louder into Ming Hu's pussy.

Yes, yes, fuck her ass, Ms. Docea, Ming Hu hissed. Her tongue is driving me wild.

Good, I groaned as I thrust hard.

Her asshole widened and widened. I popped into her backdoor. It felt wonderful on my clit to penetrate the dildo into her bowels. To just slide that toy into her asshole. She moaned in delight as I penetrated her bowels. I sank the dildo into her anal sheath.

She shuddered and feasted on Ming Hu's pussy. The Chinese maid trembled, her glasses shifting on her nose. Her small breasts rose and fell as she enjoyed what Hispanic cutie did. I trembled, my crotch pressing into Petra's asscheeks. My skirt rustled. 

I drew back the toy. Petra moaned, Oh, Ms. Docea.

I slammed back into her, pleasure flaring from my clit. I loved that sensation. It was perfect to experience. I loved it as I pumped away at her asshole. I fucked her with hard strokes. I drove into her again and again. I hammered her hard. Fast.

She moaned with such delicious delight as I ass-fucked her with the dildo, her voice kept muffled by Ming Hu's furred muff. I gripped Petra's hips, thrusting away at her as fast as I could. My clit burst with sparks, the pleasure building in my pussy.

Mmm, I purred, loving fucking her in the middle of the library. Being a maid of Hayward Manor had such delicious and kinky perks.

I gripped her hips and fucked away at her asshole. I pounded her bowels with force, reveling in the delight of massaging my clit. The pressure was exquisite. I hurtled toward my orgasm as I hammered her asshole. I fucked her hard and fast. I thrust to the hilt in her again and again, loving this pressure on my clit.

It was fabulous. I rose toward my orgasm. I hurtled toward that mighty burst of delight. My clit drank in this delight. The pleasure was perfect. I savored it as I pumped away at Petra's asshole. I pounded her hard and fast.

I wanted her gasping and moaning. I fucked her with force, thrusting to the hilt in her. Ming Hu whimpered, her face twisting in delight. She threw back her head, her small boobs quivering. She was so delicious.

Petra, she whimpered. Oh, Petra.

Mmm, your pussy tastes so good, Petra moaned. Ooh, that's a yummy snatch. And Ms. Docea... Yes!

The librarian gave us another hard look. I just grinned and, not breaking a beat in my thrusts, said, Hayward Manor business.

Oh, the librarian said, eyes widening. She hurried off.

Yes, yes, the magic enslaving everyone was wondrous.

I thrust over and over into Petra's asshole, the base of the dildo massaging my clit and pussy lips. The pressure built in me. I wanted to cum so badly. I loved breaking in new maids. It was a wondrous delight. I had only one more to recruit, too.

One more, and the Scholar-Maids would be fully staffed.

I shuddered, so glad to do my duty for Master Hayward. I fucked his newest maid hard in the ass, her moans deliciously muffled by Ming Hu's pussy. The Chinese maid groaned louder and louder. Her small boobs rose and fell.

That's so good, she whimpered. Oh, oh, I'm going to cum so hard! Petra!

Ming Hu! gasped the Hispanic maid. Ms. Docea!

I slammed into her asshole. She suckled hard on Ming Hu's clit. The naughty sounds Petra made loving the Chinese maid's pussy were so erotic. My nipples throbbed in my bodice. I drew back my dildo and slammed back to the hilt in her asshole.

Ming Hu gasped. She trembled, moaning through her orgasm. I loved watching her cumming. I savored that delight as I ass-fucked the Hispanic maid. Ming Hu's short bob of black hair swayed around her face as she climaxed.

Oh, Ms. Docea, whimpered Petra. Scheisse! 

She swore in German. I buried to the hilt in her asshole as she trembled. I knew she was cumming. I was close to joining her. The tangy aroma of pussy filled my lips, my own cunt cream dripping down my thighs. I drew back, fucking her ass with the dildo. The pressure on my clit swelled me toward my bursting point. 

Oh, yes! I moaned and exploded.

My cunt convulsed. Juices gushed down my thighs, spilling toward my light-blue garter. I trembled, stars flashing across my vision. I shuddered through all this wonderful delight. The heady rush swept through me.

I groaned, my boobs bouncing in my bodice. I bucked through the rapture, waves of ecstasy drowning my mind. More cunt cream poured hot down my thighs. I gazed out at the library, reveling in being a maid for Hayward Manor.

I loved being owned by Master Hayward. I breathed in deeply, reveling in the two maids I had recruited from him.

Only one more to go. I smiled at that, feeling so complete. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nancy Heres

I marched up to the door of the Sigma Lambda Tau Sorority House, my riding crop in one hand and my cedar box in the other. Music thudded from the house. College students were steaming in and out of it, many of them holding red plastic cups with beer. They all glanced at me, staring at me in my sexy maid's uniform, my red garter on my pale thigh.

I strode past them with confidence, the EDM pounding from speakers. Yes, yes, I would find one of my maid's here. There was no doubt about it. I looked around and marched up to a group of sorority sisters passing out jello shots.

Who is the sluttiest girl in your sorority? I asked them.

All five of them looked at me and shouted, MEGAN!

Megan. What a wholesome name for a slut to have. And where is she?

Getting gangbanged, said one of the sisters. She pointed to the right. She's in the Train Room.
I grinned at her. Mmm, what a delicious room to have. I pulled a few trains in my time, but now I was only Master's. Any of you ever go in there.

They all burst into giggles. Yeah, the had, but Megan was in there right now.

I moved through the crowd and found a large group of guys outside the training room shouting. They were clearly lining up to have fun. I used my riding crop to clear a path through them. They stared at me with such lust, but they knew not to touch me. 

Grunts and groans echoed through the room. I finally reached inside to find a girl with bleached-blonde hair riding one guy, another fucking her ass while she sucked on a third. Her boobs bounced, nipples pierced. She had a tramp stamp that made me smile.

Daddy's Angel, I read. Nice.

I was getting wet as I watched Megan getting fucked by the guys. I leaned against the wall, pussy cream dripping down my thighs. I loved the sight. The guy fucking her ass hammered her while she worked her pussy up and down the other guy's dick. Her thighs flexed. She suckled and slurped on the cock in her mouth.

She was clearly enjoying being gangbanged. Her enthusiasm was so obvious. And the guys were all just thrilled to have a slut to fuck. She was definitely getting a garter. The men were grunting. Groaning. They were almost done.

Fuck! the guy in her mouth groaned. He erupted.

She swallowed, her throat working. She squealed. Her body shuddered as she swallowed his cum. She climaxed on the other two guy's dicks. They both grunted. The one fucking her asshole buried into her and threw back his head.

Shit, Megan! he growled.

He flooded her bowels while the other guy grabbed her tits and erupted into her pussy. She was taking three men's jizz all at the same time. That was definitely a sight I loved to see. I wiggled my hips from side to side, watching the fun.

She gulped down all the cum flooding her mouth while her pussy and asshole milked out the other two dicks dry. I slapped my riding crop into my hand at the sight. A big smile spread on my lips at how wicked she was being.

Damn, groaned the guy in her mouth. He pulled back. Drool and cum spilled down her chin. She licked them up and glanced at me.

I crooked a finger at her. 

She had a wicked gleam in her eyes. I'm here to suck and fuck dicks, not eat pussy.

You get over here and eat my cunt right now, slut, I said. I want to find out how good you are at pleasuring me.

She quivered and crawled off the other two guys' dicks. Her hips wiggled to me. Cum was dripping out of her holes. I loved it. The other guys watched as she reached me and pressed her face right up between my thighs to find my dripping pussy.

I shuddered as she kissed my twat. She licked at my cunt with her naughty tongue. She knew what she was doing to me. A shiver ran through me. I stared down at her rump, cum dribbling out of her asshole. That was delicious to see.

I rubbed my riding crop across Megan's rump. I slid from butt-cheek to butt-cheek as she thrust her tongue deep into my pussy. She wiggled it around in me. I shuddered and raised my riding crop. I slapped it down on the slut's ass. 

CRACK!

She squealed into my pussy. I loved the way she shuddered as the bright, red welt rose on her rump. I rubbed the riding crop over her ass. Her tongue wiggled around in me. She was doing such wicked things to me. 

CRACK!

Oh, my fucking god! she hissed.

Spank the slut's ass, maid! a guy shouted.

Mmm, naughty sluts deserve to be spanked, I purred, savoring another red welt rising across the whore's butt-cheeks. Fucking three men... That's so naughty.

It was more than three, she cooed into my rump. 

CRACK!

Oh, I purred. I hope you enjoyed them. You'll only be fucking one man for the rest of your life.

Master Hayward? she moaned. Oh, god, I could be happy with just him. 

CRACK!

Yes, you will, I said, savoring her tongue flying over my pussy folds. She lapped at me with skill as she moaned into my pussy. You will enjoy being his personal slut, Megan. Oh, oh, that's perfect. Keep feasting on me! 
CRACK!

She squealed again into my pussy. 

CRACK! 

It was so much fun spanking her as she devoured my pussy. 

CRACK! 

Hearing her gasp. 

CRACK! 

Whimper. 

CRACK! 

She feasted on my cunt with such passion. 

CRACK! 

Such alacrity.

My orgasm rose and rose as the whore danced her tongue through my folds and brushed my clit. Pleasure burst inside of me. I loved it. I shuddered here, my heart pounding a million miles a minute as my orgasm built and built in me. 

CRACK!

Sorority whore! I moaned. 

CRACK! 

Oh, god, yes! she squealed. Yes, yes, Mistress. Oh, that riding crop. Oh, my god, my ass is burning!

I smiled at the crisscross of red welts burning across her butt-cheeks. I rubbed at them with the riding crop as her tongue found my clit. She danced around my bud. I shuddered, my pleasure swelling faster in me. 

She nibbled on my clit with her soft lips, polishing my pearl with her tongue. I ground my snatch on her, my skirt rustling. The guys all watched as the slut brought me closer and closer to cumming. My eyes squeezed shut.

Fuck! I gasped and climaxed.

My pussy convulsed. Pussy juices gushed out into the slut's mouth. She licked them up with such hunger. Her tongue flew over my folds as I shuddered through my rapture. My head tossed from side to side, the ecstasy blazing through me.

The guys roared and whistled. They knew I was cumming. I groaned, my eyes rolling back in my head. I gripped the riding crop as I trembled through all my rapture. It was a beautiful moment. I felt so damned good.

Fuck, I groaned as I ground my snatch on the slut's face. Oh, you've earned this.

I opened my box.

She ripped her head out from beneath my skirt and gasped out, Oh, fuck, yeah! She hopped to her feet, her round boobs jiggling. Her nipple piercings gleamed in the light. She held out her left leg. I am so ready to join Hayward Manor. I tried to at the job fair, but the other maid didn't want me.

Lynette has... different standards from me, I purred as I knelt before her and slipped on the garter, cum dripping out of her pussy. What a Slut-Maid she was.

I worked the garter up her leg. She quivered as it reached her mid-thigh. She trembled in delight, bound to my nephew forever. I rose and snapped the box shut. I marched toward the watching men. They bled out of our way, Megan trotting behind me.

I had no more interest in recruiting another slut from the sorority. I was certain I could find one, but I wanted my last maid to be special. To come from my favorite strip club. A shiver ran through me. Club Desire. I used to dance there on amateur night just for the thrill of it.

I drove fast and soon was at the club. Melissa followed me in, looking around with all smiles after we got passed the bouncer. I've never been to a strip club. Oh, my!

It was full of men watching the woman on stage. She had black hair and big boobs. She swirled around and let her bra fly off, her tits exposed. Men roared and threw money on the stage. I knew her. She was Bianca. 

Oh, she's hot, Melissa said, watching the dancing woman. Mmm, I'd love to go down on her. Let's recruit her.

Nope, I said. Look. She's got a Caesarean scar. She's had kids. That's a pass.

Oh, said Megan, deflating a little. I mean, I suppose that makes sense. Master Lance deserves the best sluts.

That's right. I grabbed her nipple piercing and twisted the silver barbell. That's why you were chosen.

She beamed at me, this wicked gleam in her eyes. Damn straight. I'm hot and slutty. I'm just what Master Lance needs.

She was perfect.

After Bianca came Luscious Lisa. She had bleached-blonde hair and blue eyes. She was dressed as a naughty nurse. She came out with confidence in her white heels and stockings. The dress fit her tightly, hugging her body. She threw off the cap, letting her hair fall loose as she danced. Then she ripped open her dress. She had no Caesarean scar. That was good. She let it drop. My eyes ran over her thighs and...

She's got cellulite, I said, leaning back.

Boo, Megan said. 

The guys didn't care. Luscious Lisa made some money. Charisma came out, a redhead in a purple nightie. She looked sexy. She danced around, but when her nightie came off, she had on a thong that banished between the flabby cheeks of her ass.

Not plump. Not bubbly. Flabby.

I rolled my eyes.

The fourth stripper was Hannah. She came skipping out licking a lollipop, her naturally blonde hair in pigtails. I sat up at her. She was young and tight and beautiful in a naughty schoolgirl outfit complete with knee-high socks and saddle-buckle shoes.

Oh, she has promise, I purred, my pussy on fire. Had I found my last maid? My fingernails tapped on the cedar lid of the box. I watched her move. She knew how to look innocent and sexy all at the same time. Oh, yes.

She swirled around the pole, lollipop in her mouth. She was a delicious thing dancing and sucking on that. Her skirt swirled, giving just a glimpse at the white panties she wore. She rubbed her butt against the pole as she unbuttoned her blouse slowly.

A natural tease.

She had small tits. No bra on beneath. They were little, conical mounds with both pink nubs pierced by gold rings. She skipped along the stage, men raining dollar bills on her. She had such a gorgeous body. She had to be the one. My pussy was on fire.

Her skirt fell off. The men roared. She tucked bills into the tops of her socks as she pranced around in those pure, white panties. They were so innocent. Then she ended up on her back and shoved them off, her legs scissoring. A shaved pussy. Tight and virginal slit but the gold clit piercing proved that was a lie. She only seemed innocent

She was a dirty, dirty whore. 

I pulled out a double-headed dildo from my purse and shoved one end into my pussy. The bulbous end felt great in me. I rose, the bulbous end of the shaft shifting in me. I motioned to Melissa to follow and marched to the stage, pushing through the men.

I stepped on stage, the dildo thrusting out before me. Hannah gasped at the sight of me. She rose to her feet. I grinned and cupped her face. I kissed her right there. She melted into it. Such a slut, she just made out with me while the men clapped and cheered. I drank in the audience's approval.

Who are you? she gasped as I broke the kiss.

The maid who's going to fuck your pussy hard, slut! I purred. Now get on your knees, bury your face in that slut's cunt, and clean all the cum out of her! She needs to be clean for Master Lance!

Oh, fuck, you're right! Hannah gasped. She darted around me to Megan, dropping to her knees and burying her face into the Sorority-Maid's sloppy pussy. 

Oh, yes, yes, lick my clean for Master Lance! moaned Megan, her head throwing back, her round boobs jiggling. Her nipple piercings caught the stage lights, gleaming bright in them.
That's it, I purred as I advanced. You lick up all that cum from her pussy!

Every drop!

Damn straight! a guy yelled from the crowd.

So fucking hot!

I love it!

I grinned at their words. I knelt behind the stripper-slut. She feasted on that creampie with hunger. Megan moaned, her head swaying. Her bleached-blonde hair drifted over her shoulders. She trembled there, shuddering with delight. It was a delicious sight to watch.

Should I fuck her cunt with my dildo? I asked, setting down my cedar box with the last of the garters in it.

HELL YEAH! roared back from the audience.

I loved it. 

My pussy clenched around my end of the dildo as I lined it up with the stripper's shaved cunt. That tight and virginal-looking twat needed to be fucked hard. I smiled as I gripped the red shaft and pressed it into her folds.

The bulbous end shifted around in my pussy. Such a wonderful stimulation washed through me. I enjoyed it all immensely. I savored that immensely. I nuzzled the tip into her pussy lips, loving how the folds parted around them. But I didn't thrust.

FUCK HER! cheered the audience. FUCK THE SLUT! FUCK THE SLUT!

I smiled at their chant. I drank in their attention. They threw more money on stage. I didn't need it, but I would collect it. I had inflamed their imagination, and that turned me on. I wouldn't ever fuck another man, but that didn't mean I couldn't enjoy myself.

FUCK THE SLUT! FUCK THE SLUT! FUCK THE SLUT!

Yes! I cried and thrust.

I buried the dildo into the slut's pussy. The other end shifted around in my cunt. My boobs heaved in my bodice. I threw one arm in the air, waving around as I savored the pleasure washing through me. The thrill of this swept hot through my body.

The men exploded into cheers.

Their passion thundered around us. I loved it. I drank in all their excitement as I grinned up at Mega. She blew them kisses, the Slut-Maid. She ground her cum-filled snatch on Hannah's face. She wasn't a maid yet.

She could still enjoy another man's cum until she wore the orange garter. 

I gripped her hips and drew back the dildo. The red shaft emerged covered in pussy cream. I loved the sight as I thrust back into her cunt. I fucked to the hilt in her, reveling in the way she gasped out in delight. It was a beautiful sight.

I fucked into her cunt with passion. I buried into her snatch. She gasped and moaned into Megan's pussy. I loved the sight as I fucked into her with force. I pounded her as she licked that cum from Megan's snatch.

Ooh, you're cleaning me all up! Megan moaned, her head shaking from side to side. Ooh, ooh, just like that! That's perfect!

It was perfect. 

The men were cheering as I pounded Hannah's cunt. I hammered her hard and fast, her toned butt-cheeks rippling from the impact. The bulbous end of the dildo massaged my snatch. The end shifted around in me, sending such delight through my body. My clit throbbed.

I stroked up her body. I slid my hands around to find her little breasts. Those conical mounds. I gripped her pierced nipples and twisted the nubs. She squealed into her pussy. It was delicious to do that to her. To twist and abuse those nubs.

I tugged hard on them.

She gasped as I did that. Her head tossed as I enjoyed playing with them. She was a delicious creature. I enjoyed every moment of twerking her nubs as I fucked her cunt. The men cheered us on, throwing more money on stage.

FUCK THAT SLUT! they roared. FUCK THAT SLUT!

I fucked her.

Yes, yes, fuck me! moaned Hannah into Megan's pussy. 

Make me cum, slut! Megan hissed. You lick all that cum out of me!

I did! Ooh, ooh, drown me!

I grinned from ear to ear. Such good Slut-Maids. I buried my dildo into her cunt. I fucked her hard and fast. It was just a delicious thrill with the audience watching her. My pussy gripped my end of the toy I fucked in and out of her cunt.

I hammered her faster and faster.

My orgasm built and built as the audience cheered louder and louder. The room shook with their lust. I felt it pouring over my body. They wanted to fuck me. To touch me. But I was all Master Lance's. My Master-Nephew owned my sexy body.

Yes! I hissed. Make that slut cum, Hannah!

I will! she moaned as I twisted her nipple rings.

I twerked them as I drilled in and out of her. She squealed and gasped. I loved the sounds she made. I barely heard them over the crowd now. Their cheers energized me. I fucked that twat with force. I pounded her cunt with all that I had.

It was such a wonderful moment. I hurtled toward my climax. I couldn't last much longer.

Megan tossed her head, her round boobs jiggling. She ground her twat on Hannah's mouth. The Sorority-Maid shuddered, her face twisting with delight. She was about to cum. About to drown the stripper-slut in pussy cream.

I loved it.

The entire room shook with lust.

Brimmed with it.

My pussy clenched the dildo, the bulbous end massaging my silky walls. The shaft rubbed on my clit in such a delicious way as I fucked the stripper-slut. I hammered her cunt. She gripped Megan's rump as she feasted on that pussy.

It was beautiful.

Oh, fuck, yes! Megan gasped. You dirty stripper-slut! Yes! 

She shuddered through her orgasm. I loved the sight as I fucked the double-headed dildo into the stripper's cunt. My pussy clenched about it, about to burst. I drew back as Hannah drowned in Megan's pussy cream. The Sorority-Maid's round tits heaved.

Yes, yes, yes! gasped Hannah. She sounded like she was cumming, the audience cheering us on and throwing dollar bills around us.

I slammed into her cunt. My clit rubbed against the dildo. I burst in delight. The pleasure swept through me. Stars flashed across my vision. I groaned at the ecstasy that washed through my body. It was fabulous. I rode the waves of delight washing through me. 

Oh, yes! I moaned, my tits heaving in my bodice. My pussy convulsed around my end of the dildo. I reveled in that delight. I enjoyed it immensely. The pleasure swept through me with such wondrous bliss. Oh, Lord, yes!

I savored that delight. I enjoyed every last second of this pleasure sweeping through me. It was perfect. Just an outstanding bliss. A big smile spread on my lips. My head swayed back and forth, my boobs quivering.

My Master-Nephew would be so happy with the delicious treats that I brought him. Just such wondrous whores for him to fuck. They would serve him with fire and passion. I quivered and ripped the dildo out of Hannah's slut.

I opened my cedar box and pulled out the last orange garter. She gasped, spun around, and raised her leg. The men cheered and wolf-whistled as I made Hannah the Stripper-Maid of Hayward Manor. The last Slut-Maid recruited.

I grinned from ear to ear. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

My newest Daughter-Maid, Chantelle, lay on her back. She was a cute thing, matured to fourteen. She grinned at me, a twinkle in her eye that reminded me of Kylie. Chantelle had black hair spilling around her and big tits. Almost as big as Mom's. Chantelle's blue eyes sparkled before they were blocked from sight by my Mommy-Maid sitting on her face.

Mmm, deflower your Daughter-Maid, Master, Mom purred, her blue eyes sparkling.

Please, Master-Daddy! whimpered Chantelle.

I moved my cock toward her pussy. The harem was almost complete. Ms. Docea had found two maids today and only needed one more to go. Mom only had to give birth two more times to have all of my Daughter-Maids. Kylie found all her Virgin-Maids and my Maid-Wife had recruited all her Concubine-Maids. Aunt Nancy was out there right now finding the last two Slut-Maids.

I pressed my dick into Chantelle's bush, loving the

Master Hayward! shouted through the door before it burst open. Master Hayward, there's a problem!

I turned to find Asuka there. She was naked like she'd been about to go to bed, her gray garter about her pale-olive thigh. There's been another strange event near the manor. A cow gave birth to a two-headed calf! That's just three miles from here!

Two-headed calf? I was so confused.

Yes, yes, Master. Head on both ends. I've been tracking strange signs, and they are moving toward the manor. I think there's about to be an incursion!

A horn blew. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Huntsmen

I slammed my spear into the Hay where it was still weak. Where the Master of Hayward Manor had come through. The golden wall shattered.

I laughed at the hole I ripped through into the Mortal World. I drew my hunting horn and blew a sonorous note as I jumped through on my stallion. I would kill the descendant of Lord Hayward and avenge my honor once and for all.

BWOOOOOOOOOOM!

My horn shook the world. 

To be continued...
