THE NEW GOVERNESS

By Klystera

Catherine stood quietly watching the new governess, as her mother
outlined her duties. Nanny Mitchell had finally retired. After
taking care of three generations of the family she was now too
old to take on the responsibility of Catherine and the house,
while her parents traveled.

Miss Carter was a plain woman in her mid-thirties. She came very
highly recommended and certainly looked responsible and
efficient. Catherine blinked back tears as she thought of dear
Nanny, her sweet smile and gentle voice. How would she survive
the months ahead, without her mother, in the care of this
unsmiling woman? But she was determined to be brave...her father
would not approve of unseemly emotion.

Later that afternoon, she stood beside Miss Carter, waving as her
parents' car disappeared down the driveway. Miss Carter told her
to amuse herself with a book while she unpacked and rearranged
the old nursery to her satisfaction. She went to the kitchen to
give cook instructions for the evening meal and then disappeared
up the stairs. An hour later she called Catherine telling her
that it was time for her bath.

Miss Carter was waiting for her in the nursery and led her to the
bathroom alongside. This was a big room with a big cast iron
bathtub in the middle. Cathy noticed that the day bed had been
moved in and now stood against the wall under the bank of towel
rails. It was covered with a white sheet and a thick towel. She
was told to undress and get into the bath which was filled,
waiting for her, and as Miss Carter left the room, she obeyed.
She was just beginning to enjoy the warm water when her governess
returned. She had rolled up her sleeves and soaping a washcloth,
told Cathy to stand up. "I can wash myself," said Cathy,
indignantly.

Miss Carter ignored her and pulling her to her feet she began
soaping the child's body. Cathy was mortified and as Miss Carter
slipped the cloth between her legs and soaped her most private
place, she blushed. Miss Carter parted the lips of her pussy with
the washcloth and she couldn't help flinching as the soap stung.
"Does that hurt?" she asked, noticing the child's discomfort.
"Your nanny has not been checking on how thoroughly you wash
yourself. I will put some balm on it for you."

The thought of this stranger applying balm to this most intimate
part of her anatomy had her blushing again as Cathy realized that
not even her mother had done anything so intimate.

Suddenly she became aware that Miss Carter had discarded the
washcloth and was now running a soapy hand over her buttocks and
slipping her fingers into the crack between them. She gasped as a
soapy finger found her anus and slipped into her. Miss Carter
probed deep into her.

"Mmmm. Just as I thought," she said. "Did you have a BM today?"
Cathy shook her head miserably and admitted that she hadn't had
one the day before either. She hadn't told her mother because she
hated the ghastly medicine that she knew she would be given. It
made her gag! Now she would have to face it after all and Miss
Carter looked like the type who would give her a double dose.
She was helped out of the bath and dried and then, instead of
being given her nightdress she was told to lie on the day bed. Oh
yes, she had almost forgotten the balm. As she lay waiting, Miss
Carter opened the cupboard at the far end of the room and took
out what looked like a hot water bottle, some rubber tubing and a
few other things that she could not identify.

"Have you ever had an enema?" she asked as she ran warm water
over a bar of soap into a jug at the sink.

Cathy shook her head and looked alarmed as the bottle, filled
with soapy water was hung on one of the towel rails above her.
Miss Carter had attached a black nozzle to the end of the tube
that came out of the bottom and was applying Vaseline to it. She
was told to turn onto her left side and pull her right leg up to
her chest. Without further ado, the nozzle was slipped into her
anus and eased up her rectum. She heard a click as Miss Carter
released the clamp and the water began to flow into her.

It took her by surprise. She was scared and as the urge to poop
overcame her she began crying. She was petrified that she would
not be able to control herself and would mess on the spotless
white towel and sheet.

"Now, now, don't cry dear," Miss Carter said gently. "Just
breathe and relax - you'll see, you will begin enjoying this and
it will make you feel so much better once you are cleaned out."

Miss Carter pinched the tube to stop the flow while Cathy
adjusted to the pressure. Little by little, pinching and
releasing, Cathy took the full litre that the bag contained.
Rolling her over onto her back, Miss Carter began massaging her
belly in large circular strokes and after about ten minutes
helped her up and onto the toilet. Cathy had never experienced
anything like the evacuation that now took place. She was
embarrassed as the bathroom was filled with the smell of the
waste that came pouring from her body. In the meantime Miss
Carter was refilling the bottle with warm water to which she
added the juice of half a lemon.

Cathy lay down again - she had stopped crying and was more
relaxed. The nozzle slipped in easily and went up further this
time, as the impaction that had stopped it before was gone. She
was getting used to the sensation of warm water flowing into her
gut and realized that having something inserted into her anus was
vaguely pleasant. She resolved to explore this later, in bed,
with her finger.

She gasped as the lemon solution did its work and the cramping
started. Once again, Miss Carter slowed the flow down, so that
she was able to take the full quantity again. This time Miss
Carter let her lie quietly, holding it, while she cleaned up and
put everything away. Then, she helped her onto the toilet again
and left her with the admonition to make sure that she stayed
there till evacuation was complete.

A little later Cathy stood quietly as Miss Carter cleaned her up.
She lay on the daybed once more, on her back this time. She
pulled her knees to her chest as requested and exposed her young
pussy to the older woman. The plump mound was covered in soft
blonde down and Miss Carter shook her head as she spread the lips
and exposed the angry red rash that had caused the child such
discomfort earlier. She covered the area with soothing balm and
said she would repeat the treatment until all signs of the rash
had gone.

Cathy was surprised to find that this did not bother her anymore
and when she was promised regular enemas, she looked at Miss
Carter and smiled warmly for the first time since they had met
earlier that day. The woman smiled back and the months ahead no
longer filled Cathy with dread.
