Steve & Maria
byBillnLynn03©

Steve & Maria's 1st Date

Before I begin my story, my name is Steve and let me tell you a little about myself. I am 34 years old and own my own construction business. I have been blessed to be successful and live on the Gulf coast of Florida. I was married once when I was younger but have been divorced for 5 years.

I am 6' tall with a muscular build from working out. I work hard but also like to have a good time and definitely don't sweat the small things in life. 

This is the story of how I met Maria. I met Maria at a friend's party. I had recently broken up with my girlfriend and was enjoying a little "alone" time. 

While at the party, my friend Lisa introduced me to Maria. Maria seemed very plain. 

In fact, I really didn't give it much thought. She was about 25 years old, tall with olive skin and long dark hair. She had beautiful eyes and a pretty face but I really couldn't tell much more. 

She looked European to me. She was dressed in a loose top and baggy slacks. We exchanged small talk and I moved on. Can't say I really learned much about her.

Later that evening, Lisa pulled me aside and asked me what I thought of Maria. I told her that she seemed like a nice gal. 

Lisa said that Maria had recently broken up with a long time boyfriend and could use a friend like me. Then she said something that caught me off guard. Lisa said that Maria was "my kind of girl". Now Lisa and I go way back. 

We never dated or hooked up, just always friends. We have shared many stories and happenings over the years. She knows me well and what kind of girls I like. She even knows some of my wild ways. T

hat is to say, she knows that I have a very high sex drive and like women that are free spirited. Lisa gave me a wink and walked off.

I waited a while and walked over toward Maria. She was talking to Lisa so I just joined the conversation. Lisa was telling Maria that she and her boyfriend, John, where going boating on Sunday and wanted Maria to join them. 

John is also in the construction business and does very well. He has a 36' "go fast" boat and they were going to go to one of the barrier islands off the Gulf coast of Florida and hang out with some of their boating friends. 

At first, Maria was saying no but Lisa was being very persistent so Maria gave in and said she would go. Then Lisa turned to me and asked me if I wanted to go. I know this is bad to say but honestly, Maria was just too plain for me. I started to make an excuse but Lisa was not having any of it. 

I couldn't figure out why Lisa was so insistent that I get to know Maria. Finally, a little frustrated, I agreed to join them for a day of boating. After all, how bad could it be? A lot of my friends would be there so if it didn't work out with Maria, I am sure I could find other people to hang out with.

Sunday morning around 9AM, I arrived at John and Lisa's place. John and Lisa were already busy getting things ready for the boat. I jumped right in and started helping out. A short time later, Maria showed up. 

In the daylight, I could see that she was very attractive...even exotic looking. It appeared that she had on a one piece bathing suit with Capri baggy pants. Maria started helping Lisa in the kitchen and a round of Bloody Mary's appeared. 

As we were getting close to finishing loading the boat, I had the opportunity to pull Lisa aside. I asked her why she was so persistent that I meet Maria. Lisa asked me if I trusted her. Of course I do, I replied. Lisa walked off.

We boarded the boat and off we went. It took about 30 minutes to get out to the barrier island and we appeared to be one of the first boats there. We anchored and carried our "stuff" ashore. 

What Lisa said was weighing heavy on my thoughts. Yes, Lisa knows me well and I trust her. She must know something that I don't. Lisa suggested that Maria and I go for a walk while John and she finish setting up. Why not, I thought. 

I asked Maria if she would like to go for a walk down the beach. She smiled and said "sure". She took off her pants and sure enough she had on a one piece suit. Now, the last person I saw in a one piece suit was my mom. The suit wasn't particularly flattering but Maria sure did look good in it. 

Now that I could see more of her body, she had long legs and tiny hips. She handed me another Bloody Mary and we were off. 

As we walked, I started asking her questions. I learned that she was born in Spain but her parents moved to the US when she was a small child. She was the youngest in her family and had 3 older brothers. She worked as a Legal Secretary for a large Tampa law firm. She worked for the same Law firm that Lisa works for. That is how they met. 

As we talked more and got closer to more current events, she seemed a little uncomfortable. Not picking up on it, I asked her about her most current relationship. She turned away a little and was quiet for a moment. 

She then explained that she had lived with a guy for 5 years and that he was very controlling. He was extremely jealous and thought that Maria was flirting with every guy. She said that he made her wear baggy clothes when they went out. In the end, she said that he wouldn't let her go out with her friends or anything. 

She said that she really loved him but that finally she got up the nerve to leave him and move to Florida several months ago. I could tell that the wounds were still fresh. I took her hand and we walked quietly for a few minutes. I told her that she was a very beautiful woman and that she was better off without the jerk. She smiled. 

"Is that why you are wearing a one piece bathing suit," I asked. 

She smiled and said that that was all she had. She said that he had thrown out all her clothes and made her buy clothes that were baggy and too large for her to hide her figure.

We walked on for a little way and then turned and headed back. I told her about myself and a little bit about my last relationship. I explained that my girl friend had started to take me for granted. Maria said that that was never a good thing. 

We arrived back at the boat and a few other boaters had arrived and set up. Maria wondered off. John and I started talking "shop". We often worked on the same projects so we had some catching up to do. 

Lisa came by and handed each of us a beer and then eventually another. A little while later, Maria called my name. I turned to see that she was in the water by the boat. She motioned for me to come to her. I waded into the water toward her. When I reached her, she asked me if I would do her a favor. 

"Sure," I said. 

She told me that she felt kind of awkward wearing a one piece suit when all the other girls on the beach were in skimpy two piece suits. She said that she had asked Lisa if she had any extra bathing suits on the boat and Lisa pulled out a couple and put them on the back of the boat. 

Maria asked me if I would pick one of the suits for her to wear and give it to her. I climbed on the swim platform on the back of the boat. There were two suits. Both were two piece and very stylish. One was blue and a modest cut. The other was a white T-back with a much smaller top. 

I held both up for Maria to see and asked her which she wanted. She gave me a very sexy smile and said that she would wear which ever one I wanted to see her in. Since I didn't feel that I knew Maria that well and being the gentleman I am, I felt like I should pick the conservative two piece suit. 

Lisa words kept coming back to me and I thought what the heck, I would go for it. I put the blue suit down, grabbed the white T-back and top and jumped back into the water. As I approached Maria with the suit, she asked me if I was sure. Maybe it was the beer talking but I said that I would love to see her in the T-back. 

She crouched down and began to take her one piece suit off. Unfortunately, the water wasn't clear enough for me to see anything though I must admit I tried. She then took the T-back from me and put it on while in the water. 

Next the top which she took her time adjusting. Once she had the suit on, she came over to me and gave me a hug and a peck on the cheek. 

"Thank you," she said. 

That had me puzzled but I must admit that this mystery girl definitely was starting to get my attention. She told me to go sit on the beach and that she would be out in a moment. I waded ashore, grabbed another beer, and took a seat in one of the chairs facing Maria. 

She then started to wade out of the water toward me. First, I could see her tits, then her flat stomach, and then her hips and legs. The more I saw, the more I realized what an incredible body this girl had. She walked out of the water directly toward me until she was standing, dripping wet, in front of me. 

She did a pirouette so I could see her backside. It was the most incredible turn-on and I had to shift in my seat as I was getting aroused. She looked down at me and asked me what I thought. I really don't get tongue tied but she had my undivided attention. I told her that she looked marvelous. 

I got up out of the chair and noticed that just about every guy on the beach was stopped dead in their tracks and staring at Maria. Maria noticed all the attention that she had garnered and grabbed by arm and led me over to where the food was laid out. 

I couldn't help myself from continuing to check out Maria's awesome body. In particular, I noticed that her nipples were hard and looked like pencil erasers sticking through the thin fabric of the top. Maria didn't seem to mind all the attention she was garnering. In fact, it seemed to me that she kind of liked it.

Lisa commented to Maria on how great Maria looked. We grabbed some hot dogs, another drink, and sat down in a couple of chairs. It was quickly becoming obvious to me that Maria was not this shy conservative girl that I met at the party. 

In fact, I was beginning to think just the opposite. We ate our lunch and Maria kidded me on the look on my face as she walked out of the water. I called her a "tease" and she admitted she was. 

After lunch, we laid on our towels and just chilled for quite a while. While there were a lot of people on the beach by then, we seemed to be off in our own little world. We were lying on our backs when Maria reached over and started to run her nails lightly over my chest. Feeling her touch and looking at her gorgeous body started to get me aroused again. 

I couldn't help myself as my trunks started to move. Maria couldn't miss my excited state. I started to roll over as I was afraid someone would notice me. Maria jumped up and started to run for the water. 

I went after her. After we were in the water, we started to hug and I kissed her. At first they were gentle kisses but then they became more passionate. As I kissed her, she kissed me back.

We broke our embrace and Maria snuggled up behind me. We were crouching in the water with only our heads exposed. I was so hard, I could hardly stand it. 

The next thing I knew, Maria reached around and was putting her hand down my trunks. I started to grab her hand but she whispered for me to enjoy it. She took hold of my manhood and slowly began to stroke me. 

She whispered that she was sorry that she got me so aroused but that it wasn't fair to leave me in that state. She then pulled my trunks down and began to stroke me again. We were facing the beach and could see everyone on shore having a good time but they couldn't see what Maria was doing. I could feel her hard nipples on my back. 

Maria's stroking picked up the pace and in no time, she made me cum. As I was cumming, she bit me softly on my shoulder. I turned and we kissed passionately. Who was this incredible mystery woman?

We broke our kiss and she gave me this sexy innocent smile. Then a slight frown came to her face, she said she now had a problem and it was all my fault. She really caught me off guard as I thought I had done something wrong. 

She turned around and backed up against me. We were still crouching in the water up to our shoulders. She took my hands and guided them to her breasts. Her nipples were hard as pebbles. 

As I gently rubbed my hands over them, I asked her if her problem was that she was turned on. She nodded yes. I told her that since I had caused the problem, I guess I would have to fix it. She nodded yes again.

I guided my hands down over her stomach and rubbed her legs and hips. Slowly, I worked by hands to the inside of her thighs. She willing spread her legs as I began to touch her. I put my hand under the fabric of her T-back and ran my finger along her slit. 

Maria was extremely wet and she seemed to suck my finger into her. She let out a soft moan. Slowly I started to circle her clit with my finger. I think I was beginning to understand this mystery woman. 

As I continued to stroke her, I told her to stand up. She turned and looked at me with a quizzical look, smiled, and stood up. As we were in waist deep water, no one on shore could see what I was doing. Then I took another chance. 

I told her that I wanted her to pretend to adjust her top but that I wanted her to let it fall completely off into the water, count to 10, and then she could put it back on. 

She turned and gave me this wonderfully naughty smile. I think at that point we both knew we were going to be spending a lot of time together. 

First she untied the back and then pretended to be adjusting the top strap. It fell off into the water. There was my mystery woman standing topless facing the beach with my fingers playing with her clit. 

I heard a whistle and then some catcalls from the beach as the guys noticed that she was topless. Just then, Maria began to shiver as several orgasm rifled through her body. As they subsided, Maria reached down and picked up her top. 

Looking down at me she said "30" and then began to put her top on. Sliding back down into the water, we embraced and kissed passionately. 

It was getting late in the day and a lot of the boaters were starting to pack up and leave. I could see John and Lisa packing their stuff up on shore so we waded ashore to help them. Lisa and I were carrying some stuff to the boat when she turned to me and said "so, did you enjoy yourself today?" I smiled at her and winked.

We quickly packed up the boat and headed home after a wonderful day. When we arrived at John's place, we helped them unload and clean up the boat. As we were all tired from all the partying and the hot sun, I thought it was best to head home. I walked Maria to her car and we embraced and kissed some more and then she was gone. 


Steve & Maria's 2nd Date

When I arrived home after our day of boating, my head was spinning. I had never met anyone like Maria before. I would never have thought that she was so beautiful and that she was not this conservative plain girl that I thought she was when I first met her.

On Monday morning, I called my Florist and sent an arrangement of flowers to Maria's work. The card read "had a great day at the beach...hope to see more of you soon...Steve". Mondays are always busy for me. 

I got busy with work and didn't really think much more about it. About 2PM, I received a text message from a number I didn't recognize. When I opened it, there was a picture of Maria with the flowers and a note to call her later. Of course, that was enough to distract me and get my mind racing.

Later that evening, I called Maria. When she answered the phone, she seemed truly excited that I had called. She thanked me for the flowers and said they were very beautiful. We talked about our day and some general "stuff". 

I purposely avoided bringing up what happened when we went boating as I was afraid that it was the liquor that made her do what she did.

Out of the blue, she asked me if I thought that she looked sexy in the white T-back that she had worn at the beach. Of course, I replied. She then asked if I would do her a huge favor. She said that she needed to go shopping for some clothes and would I go with her. She could tell that I wasn't really excited about going. 

She asked me if I trusted her and I told her I didn't have any reason not to. She told me that if I would be a good sport and go with her, she would make sure it was fun for both of us. Since she put it that way, I couldn't refuse. We agreed to meet Wed. evening after work at the Mall near where I lived.

I thought Wed. evening would never arrive. I must admit that I was really looking forward to seeing Maria again. I arrived at the Mall around 6:30 and met her near the entrance. Maria looked beautiful but once again she had on baggy pants and an oversize top. 

I still couldn't figure out why she was wearing such unattractive clothes. I guess she saw the expression on my face. She took my hand and we started to walk into the Mall. Maria then started to explain that the only clothes she had were oversize and unattractive (the only clothes her ex-boyfriend would let her have). 

She explained that if she was going to hang out with a cute guy like me (made me blush) that she needed to get a few things that I would enjoy seeing her in and would show off her figure. 

She led me into a store and took me to the back where the dressing area was. She told me to have a seat and she would be right back. In a few minutes, Maria returned with a handful of clothes and went into one of the dressing rooms. 

The next thing I knew, the door opened and Maria walked out barefoot wearing a stylish pale blue jump suit. It had a zipper up the front and short sleeves. I am not necessarily a jump suit kind of guy but it did look great on her.

I think she sense that I wasn't overly excited about it.

She slowly lowered the zipper until her ample breast where partially exposed. Not too much but enough that I could see that she didn't have a bra on.

"Is that better," she said giving me a sexy smile.

"Now you have my attention."

She headed back to the dressing room to change. Next she came out in a red, light weight, summer dress. It was made of a thin fabric and flowed very freely. 

The dress fit her perfectly and was definitely more to my liking. The contract between the red dress and her olive skin was quite alluring.

"Give me your honest opinion," she said.

"You look great in the dress."

"Steve, I want you to be honest with me. If you like what you see, I want you to tell me."

She then did a spin and the edge of the dress came up quite high exposing her butt and the top of her thighs. I could see she had on the White T-back bottoms that I had her wear at the beach. 

"I am liking it even more," I said with a smile. 

"Why are you wearing the T-back bottoms from the beach?"

She told me that all her ex would let her wear was granny panties and she didn't want me to see her in them so she asked Lisa if she could keep the bikini.

Maria when back into the dressing room and tried on several other outfits. Each one was as sexy as the one before it. After about 45 minutes, she came out with the ones she want to purchase. After she paid for them, we walked out of the store.

She then explained to me that she took me into that store as a test to see if I was a good sport in hanging out with her while she shopped. I asked her if I passed her test.

She smiled and said "Now, let's go have some fun."

Taking my hand, she led me to a high end Lingerie store. 

"This is the real reason I wanted you to come clothes shopping with me."

We walked around the store and she picked up a few items to try on and we headed to the back of the store where the dressing rooms were. I figured I would find a nice place to sit while she was in the dressing room trying on each item. 

My hope was that I would get to see what she bought later at home or maybe if I was really lucky a glimpse while we were in the store. The store was quiet with only a few women looking around up front.

Marie went in a dressing room and I found a place to sit not too far from there. As I figured she would be busy for a while, I took out my smart phone and started to go through the many emails that had accumulated.

I was started when I heard Maria's voice so soon.

"Honey, what do you think of this set?"

I looked up to see Maria standing in front of me in just a red lace bra and panties. I was in shock as my mouth hit the ground. Maria was standing virtually naked in the middle of the store. She looked stunning. 

"You look great," I managed to finally get out.

"I thought it was a huge turn on for you for me to expose myself for other to see," Maria said with a wicked smile. "Was I wrong?"

I took her hand and pulled her to me and ran my fingers up the outside of her legs. I could feel her goose bumps.

"I think you're an exhibitionist and like showing off your body as much as I like you doing it."

I reached behind her and unsnapped her bra. It fell loose on her chest. Maria smiled. I could feel my dick starting to come alive in my pants.

"Now go try on the next outfit and let me see how it looks on you." I said with some authority.

Maria walked off to the dressing room to change and my mind was racing. I got up and walked toward the middle of the store where the check-out counter was. There were two young female clerks standing there chatting. 

I struck up a conversation with them by asking some questions about the merchandise. I didn't really care about the answers, I just wanted to be standing there when Maria came out of the dressing room.

"Oh, there you are," I heard her say as she walked up to the three of us. 

Maria was wearing a white lace bra and panty set. It was very shear and really only covered her nipples and public region. She pivoted around and it just had a string up the back. Very sexy, I thought. 

I turned to two sales clerks.

"Do you think this is the right size bra for my girlfriend" I asked as I reached up and cupped one of Maria's breasts. I instantly felt Maria shiver and her nipple become erect.

I think the sales girls were a little shocked but they didn't let on. One of the clerks came around the counter and ran her fingers along the bra pretending to see if it was the right size. I could tell by the look on Maria's face that it was exciting her even more.

"Go change into your next outfit."

Off Maria went skipping to the dressing room with her ass clearly in view.

I remained at the counter chatting with the sales clerks. A few minutes later, I heard Maria calling my name and motioning me to come to the back of the store by the dressing room. 

"No, you come up here. The Sales Clerks want to see too." I lied

Maria had on the tiniest bikini I have ever seen. It was just a string on the bottom and the part that covered her public area was shear mesh and see through. It was obvious to me that Maria had shaved herself for this shopping adventure. The top was very shear and her ample breast overflowed it. It barely covered her nipples.

Maria seemed a little nervous but at the same time, I knew that the attention that she was getting from the three of us was really exciting her.

"I bet this outfit would look even better in heels," one of the Sales Clerk said. The shoes were at the very front of the store adjacent to the front window. The Sale Clerk started to walk to the shoe department. I took Maria's hand and led her that way. She was a little hesitant but didn't resist.

Once in the shoe department, I told the Clerk to pick out a few pair of high heels for Maria to try on. There were a couple ladies and two couples at the front of the store. While the females weren't paying attention to Maria, the husbands saw her right away and positioned themselves so they could watch Maria. I could tell they liked what they saw.

Maria sat down and one of the Sale Clerks put a set of high heel shoes are her. Maria stood up and I motioned her to walk around so I could check them out. She knew what I was thinking and walked so the husbands could get a good look at her body.

By now, there were several guys standing at the window enjoying the show. Maria had drawn quite a crowd to her show.

She tried on several pairs and finally, I told the clerk that we would take one particular pair. After Maria slipped out of the heels, she grabbed my hand as she walked backed to the dressing room.

She took my hand and placed it on her pussy. I could feel how wet she was. Her pussy lips where swollen and the bikini bottoms had ridden up between them.

"Did that turn you on as much as it turned me on?" she asked.

I took her hand and placed it on my rock hard cock and she knew the answer.

"So what do you have in mind now?" I asked her.

"You will see...and soon," was all she said.


Steve & Maria's 3rd Date

There we were in the Lingerie store with Maria wearing a "barely there" micro bikini. It barely covered her erect nipples and the transparent bottom didn't hide her swollen pussy. 

The show that she had put on for the two female sales clerks, store customers, and horny guys had us both so excited we could hardly stand it. 

As we walked back to the dressing room so she could change into her regular clothes, my mind raced wondering what Maria had planned to satisfy our excitement. 

"Hey, you two" one of the Sale clerks said as she approached us.

We stopped and turned to face her. Maria had this "just busted" look on her face.

The sales clerk was in her early 20's with short blond hair. Very cute. She was wearing a white blouse, a knee length pencil skirt, and low heels. Conservatively classy but still sexy. I was sure it was the required "uniform" for the store.

"That was quite a show you put on for us and all to see. My name is Lisa" She said with a big smile.

Maria blushed a little but managed a relieved smile.

"Follow me," Lisa said as she led us back to the dressing room.

She led us past the dressing room stalls to an open area at the back that had a small platform with mirrors on three sides. It was designed so that women trying on lingerie could see all sides. 

"I will put a "Closed" sign at the Dressing room door so you can have some privacy," Lisa said as she turned to leave.

I turned my attention to Maria who was standing there with a lustful look in her eyes. I took her hand and led her up onto the platform.

I unclipped her top and slowly removed it. 

Next, I slowly pulled her bikini bottoms down her legs. She stepped out of them, still wearing her heels. 

She look exquisite standing their naked in just high heels. I could see all angles of her nakedness in the mirrors.

As I stepped back and started to take my clothes off, Maria smiled and started to seductively sway while turning around. She watched herself in the mirrors. Once I was naked, I stepped up on the platform with her.

I kissed her gently on the lips while letting my hands travel down her sides. I pulled her toward me and kissed her more passionately. I moved my hand up to one of her tits and taking a hard nipple between my fingers and pulled on it gently. I felt her shiver.

Putting my hands on Maria's shoulders, she knew what I wanted. She dropped to her knees and took my cock in her hand. Looking up at me, she gave my cock a kiss.

"Tell me what you want," Maria said

"I want you to suck my cock," I replied.

With that, Maria took my cock in her mouth and started to suck me. Slowly at first and then faster. 

I looked in the mirrors and could see her wet pussy and asshole. I could also see a side view of my cock sliding pasted her lips.

She seemed intent on making me cum. While I know I wanted her pussy, the thought of Maria sucking me until I came was just too much to stop.

Something in the mirror caught my eye. It was Lisa, the sales clerk quietly approaching. She was about 10 feet away at the end of the changing rooms just standing there watching us. 

I know Maria didn't hear or see Lisa as she was giving my cock her full attention. Lisa had a great view of Maria sucking on me.

"I am going to cum," I said to Maria as I held her head in my hands.

Maria stopped for a second, looked up at me, and then went back to work on my cock. It was obvious that she wanted me to cum.

More movement in the mirror, and I saw a young man standing behind Lisa with his arms around her. I assumed it was her boyfriend.

"I am cumming," I said as I started to shoot my cum into Maria's mouth. 

She put her lips tightly around my cock and took all my cum in her mouth. When I stopped cumming, she let my cock slide from her lips. She looked up at me smiling obviously very proud of herself.

I reached down and pulled her up to me. 

A wicked smile came to her face as she saw Lisa and her boyfriend standing off to the side watching us.

"Did it excite you to watch us?" she asked Lisa.

"Yes, your show out front was such a turn-on. I wish I had the courage to do something wild like that," Lisa replied.

Maria stepped off the platform and walked over to Lisa.

"Is this your boyfriend?"

Lisa smiled and shyly nodded her head yes.

"What is your name?" she asked him.

"John," he answered.

"John, I see you liked what you saw too," Maria said as she eyed his hard-on.

"I bet you both would like to see more, wouldn't you," Maria said as she turned her attention to Lisa.

Maria started to unbutton Lisa's blouse. Lisa seemed frozen and didn't stop Maria. Maria pulled Lisa's blouse out of her skirt and then pulled it down her arms taking it off her and putting it on a nearby chair. 

Lisa was wearing a white lace bra. Maria reached around and unclasps Lisa's bra letting her tits free. 

Lisa tried to cover her tits with her hands but John pulled them away and held onto Lisa's hands. Lisa's tit's stood at attention. They were young and firm.

Maria reached around and undid the catch on Lisa's skirt. Lisa tried to free her hands from John but he held on. 

"Do you want Steve to see you naked," Maria asked Lisa.

"Have you ever let a stranger see you naked," Maria asked Lisa.

Maria started to slide Lisa's skirt down to the floor. Lisa blushed as it was evident that she wasn't wearing any panties. 

Once Maria had the skirt all the way down, Lisa stepped out of it. There was just a wisp of thin blond hair coving Lisa's pussy.

"I think you two have earned the right to watch, round #2," Maria said as she walked back over to me. 

Watching Maria undress Lisa had my cock hard.

Maria stepped up on the platform in front of the mirrors and started to rub her pussy. 

Leaning forward with her hands on the mirror, I stepped up behind Maria and rubbed my cock along her pussy. She reached between her legs and placed my cock at the entrance to her pussy.

"Lisa and John want to watch you fuck me," Maria said as she pushed back on my cock. 

I took ahold of Maria's hips. She was so wet that I slid all the way in the first time. I slowly fucked her savoring the feeling of her pussy on my cock.

I looked over and could see that John had one hand teasing a nipple while the other hand was now rubbing Lisa's clit. Lisa just seemed mesmerized by us. I couldn't believe that Maria's and my first fuck was in the dressing room of a Lingerie store while another couple watched us.

Having the two of them watching us obviously was having an effect on Maria as I could feel her orgasm building almost immediately after I entered her. I picked up the speed of my thrusts.

"You know, they can see my cock fucking your wet pussy," I said as an orgasm started to race through her body. 

I held her hips tight to keep her from collapsing as I fucked her harder. I could see Maria's contorted face in the mirror. She would alternate from watching me fuck her to glancing over to look at Lisa and John.

Lisa was now on her knees and had released John's cock from his pants. She was pumping it with her hands while watching us with a glazed look on her face. 

I couldn't decide which was more of a turn-on, watching my cock slide into Maria's pussy or watching Lisa stroking John. 

Maria had several more orgasms while I fucked her and I could feel my own building.

"This is your pussy now. Take it," came out of Maria's mouth. You can take me any time, any place, and how you want from now on."

With that, I shot my cum into Maria's pussy. My orgasm just seemed to keep going until I was finally spent. I held Maria tight to me until finally, I slipped out of her. I pulled her up and we kissed. 

We both looked over and John was fucking Lisa for all it was worth. Her tits were bouncing all over the place with each thrust.

"Do you think we looked that good?" Maria asked me with a big grin.

"I hope so," I said smiling back.

"Lisa, Steve and I are watching John fuck you," Maria said to Lisa.

By the looks on their faces, they both were cumming at the same time. Not long after cumming, Lisa seemed to realize that we were standing there watching them.

"Oh my gosh, I can't believe what just happened," Lisa said as she turned beet red. She grabbed her clothes and ran into the closest dressing stall.

"Lisa, get out here now," Maria said in a commanding voice that I had never heard her use.

Sheepishly, Lisa came out still holding her clothes in front of her.

"Drop you clothes, go stand on the platform, and put your arms at your side," Maria commanded.

You could tell Lisa was thinking about it for a second, then she dropped her clothes and dutifully walked over and stood on the platform still wearing her heels.

"I know it excites you for us to see you standing their naked. 

Now I want you to masturbate for us," Maria said.

Lisa didn't move. Maria walked up to Lisa, turned her around so she was facing the mirrors, then reached out and touched Lisa's clit, rubbing it softly.

Lisa started to purr and closed her eyes. Maria kept it up and soon Lisa parted her legs wider to give Maria's fingers better access to her pussy.

Lisa started breathing heavy and reached up and pinched one of her nipples. All of a sudden, Maria stopped and took a step back.

"Don't stop," Lisa cried out.

"I told you we wanted to watch you make yourself cum. If you want to cum, you are going to have to do it yourself." Maria said.

Lisa paused for a second and then tentatively reached between her legs and started to finger her clit.

"Open your eyes so you can watch yourself and see us watching you," Maria said with authority.

Lisa slowly opened her eyes to see the three of us standing there watching her masturbate. John's cock was at full attention as he stroked it while his eyes were glued to what Lisa was doing to her pussy.

That was too much for Lisa and she cried out as the waves of her orgasm rolled through her. As her orgasms came to a stop, Lisa again turned red with embarrassment. 

John wasted no time in stepping up onto the platform with Lisa.

"Let's go and give them some privacy," Maria whispered to me. We gathered our clothes and quickly dressed as John fucked Lisa in front of the mirrors.

"What is going on in there," said the other sales clerk as we came out of the dressing rooms into the store.

"I think you should check it out yourself," Maria said with a smile. 

We continued walking as we saw the sales clerk turn the corner entering the dressing room.

We can only fantasize about what happened next in there.


