Beautiful Part Four

Ianto paced toward the telly, his heels sinking into the rug he and Jack had bought a month earlier, then back toward the kitchen in time to see Sean and Jack share a look that could only be about him. He turned his back on them, trying to still the flutters of nerves in his stomach.

"Beer's in the fridge." Jack's voice echoed softly off along the hallway.

"Anything for Isolde?" Sean called back.

Ianto overheard Jack tell Sean no and moments later heard the slap of bare feet on the kitchen tiles and the soft snick of the fridge as it opened.

He'd been fine on the drive home. Jack had played chauffeur while Sean and Ianto made out like lust-crazed teenagers in the back of the Audi. Ianto had loved every hot and sweaty minute of it, especially when he'd figured out that Jack was watching in the rear view mirror. A metric tonne of Ianto's hang ups about exhibitionism had vanished at the thought of Jack watching him with Sean. If he had been able to get around the damn corset and skirt, and Jack had given him permission, he would have fucked Sean in the car then and there, specifically so Jack could watch them in the mirror, and so that he could watch Jack watch them.

It was being in his flat that had him crawling the walls again. Walking through the door had changed all the rules. He was home, in his world. In Ianto's life. Not in Isolde's, wherever that was, not in Torchwood or at the club. He was in the closest thing to a real life he had, but he wasn't Ianto, he was Isolde. And he was here with a stranger who, up until a few minutes ago, he had had every intention of fucking stupid. Now… now he was completely confused.

"Hey," Jack stepped up behind Ianto and wrapped his arms around him.

Ianto froze.

The need to move, to run away, pushed at his nerves. His fingers itched to claw at the fire burning under his skin, but his mind and his heart wanted to sink into Jack, to become part of his cells and breathe with him. He didn't know what to do or which way to turn. He was home and he was with Jack and he wanted to continue what he had started. He tried to take a breath and ran into rubber.

Jack rocked him slowly, planting feather-light kisses along his jaw, and whispering. "It's okay. Relax."

Ianto shuddered. He let his head drop onto Jack's shoulder and closed his eyes.

"That's it, I've got you."

They swayed together, the gentle movement helping Ianto forget about the passage of time and the siren song of need. He stopped thinking, put everything aside, and for once in his life let someone else hold him and stand between him and everything on the other side of his eyelids.

"We can stop if you want," Jack said quietly. "Tell Sean the truth."

"He already knows."

Jack nodded. "Stop the scene."

"No. No. It's okay. I'm just…" When Jack didn't order him to silence, Ianto searched to find words to explain the tempest inside him. "It's intense. There's so much… in my head. So much pressure… inside. My skin feels like it's crawling and I'm going to burn up."

"I know…"

"No, you don't." Ianto pushed out of Jack's arms, the need to move flaring up as quickly as it had been banked.

He knew he shouldn't be talking to Jack this way, not tonight, not now. But they were caught between and right now he didn't give a damn. He just itched!

"This isn't me. This body. This… costume." He was flailing at the clothes, but he couldn't stop. "And yet it is. I don't want to take it off. I like how it feels. I like the tightness around my chest and sweat between my legs."

He dropped his head back and closed his eyes, focusing on heat of the wig on his head, the throbbing in his dick, and the ache in his arches. It all felt so damn good.

"I just… "

"Need to let go?" Jack asked. "Need to come apart?"

Ianto turned. He shouldn't have been surprised that Jack understood.

"Yes."

"Then let me help," Sean said, from behind him. "Let us make it better, just like Jack promised."

Sean tugged Ianto into his arms and kissed him, a soft press of lips to lips.

"Please, Isolde?"

"Ianto."

"Hmm?"

"My name is Ianto," he said, watching Sean's face, needing him to be okay with the truth.

"Hello." Sean smiled. "I'm going to kiss you, Ianto, is that alright?"

"Yes, please," Ianto sighed and sagged in Sean's arms.

Sean brushed his lips along the edges of Ianto's mouth before covering it completely with his own.

Ianto moaned as Sean's tongue stroked across his teeth and then rubbed his tongue against the roof of Ianto's mouth. Sean tasted of hops and Jack and sex, and Ianto wanted it all. He sucked at Sean's lower lip, dragging in a breath of air and dove back in, angling his head so that he could take more, reach more. He wove his fingers through Sean's hair, using the long silk locks to anchor Sean where he wanted him.

A moment later Ianto felt heat flare across his back as Jack molded to his spine, pressing kisses along his shoulders, stroking his arms and holding both of them close. Ianto sighed, loving the feeling of being held so tightly on all sides.

"Bedroom?" Sean asked.

Jack chuckled and tugged Ianto toward the hallway. "Come on, beautiful, we have plans for you."

***

Ianto raised an eyebrow as Jack positioned them in front of the wardrobe.

"Look in the mirror. Watch us adore you," Jack breathed against Ianto's neck, one hand turning Ianto's chin until their eyes met in the mirror. Ianto stood mesmerised as Jack's hands slid around his neck, fingers dancing along the edges of the leather collar, teasing his skin, licking at the heat just under the surface. Ianto shivered and fought to keep his eyes locked with Jack's. He felt those enormous hands as they slowly settled against the collar and tightened, pressing it into his skin, cutting off his air.

"My collar, my rules," Jack whispered.

Ianto nodded, struggling to breathe, slipping between panic and ecstasy with each ragged gasp.

"No more talking unless I give you permission to speak. Do you understand? Answer me."

Jack's grip relaxed. Air flowed into Ianto's lungs.

"Yes sir."

Jack finger's pressed in again, constricting. "You follow Sean's words as my own unless I tell you otherwise. Do you understand?"

"Yes, sir," Ianto said, his voice tight and thin.

Jack's grip tightened further, the leather digging into Ianto's skin, one more point of pressure and sensation as his mind released itself into Jack's power. He sagged into the arms holding him, Jack's at his throat, Sean's around his waist.

"Feel what we do to you."

As the pressure around his neck softened and slowly relaxed. Ianto sighed.

"Feel what you asked for."

Ianto shivered as Jack's breath became lips kissing the nape of his neck, sucking his earlobe, painting the edges of his ears with his tongue.

"Open your eyes," Sean instructed, kissing his lips.

Ianto hadn't realized he'd closed them, and found himself pinned by Sean's gaze. The other man's eyes were blown dark and needy.

"Watch us do this to you, for you," Sean whispered.

Ianto could only nod and struggle to keep his eyes open.

Sean and Jack were wound around him like living fabric, kissing and touching, pressing across Ianto to capture each other's lips.

Ianto sank into the sensation of hands caressing every exposed inch of his skin, squeezing along the rubber corset and skirt, the hot, wet lips kissing trails down his neck, teeth that bit at his skin, breath that heated and cooled him at the same time. He was drowning and floating at the same time.

A tug at his hips pulled Ianto's attention downward. Sean was on his knees and naked, Ianto was sorry to have missed that show, pulling the rubber skirt off with a determined grin.

Ianto let out a burst of air that was nearly a sound, his brain momentarily taking over again to try and sort hands and bodies into ordered places and failing utterly.

"You are still thinking," Sean said.

"No thoughts, Ianto, just experience," Jack said, sliding his hand in between the thick edge of the corset and Ianto's skin.

"What are y-…?"

Jack bit down on Ianto's shoulder, then growled, "No more words," as his hand kept pressing down between the tight sheath of skin and rubber until he found Ianto's nipple. He rolled the nub between his fingers, softly at first, then harder. Ianto twisted in Jack's arms, moaning at the bright-sharp pleasure coursing out from the hardened tissue.

At the same time, Sean blew warm air on Ianto's satin-covered cock, then leaned closer. Ianto let out a long gasp of pleasure as warmth enveloped the base of his cock.

"Ohhhh…."

"Liked that, huh?"

Ianto dissolved into moans as Sean stroked his cock through the satin and squeezed.

"I'd say so," Jack answered, then pinched Ianto's nipple hard. Ianto choked on a sob, shivering between the two men.

"That's it, that's the kind of sound I want to hear," Jack murmured into Ianto's ear. Jack tugged on the nipple again and Ianto and twisted in his arms. "That's it. So beautiful. So brave."

Fabric tore, pulling against Ianto's flesh a moment before Sean's hands were on his cock, stroking his engorged, begging flesh.

"Tell me, Beautiful, do you want him to suck you?" Jack asked, sucking at the flesh under Ianto ear.

"Ohgodyesplease!"

Ianto felt Jack nod and then Sean's mouth enveloped his dick in wet heat and he fought to keep silent.

Sean's tongue teased at Ianto's flesh, making it feel so good after a night of neglect and yet never quite giving him everything he wanted. Sean's hands slid between Ianto's thighs to cup his balls, soothing the tension into a new kind of need.

Jack's hands disappeared and Ianto nearly lost his balance, tipping forward on his stilettos, catching himself on Sean's shoulders. He looked in the mirror at the image of Sean at his feet sucking him off and nearly came at the sight.

Steadying himself, Ianto admired the line of Sean's body, lean and smooth, bracketed by his legs wrapped in black silk and red ribbons, then further up along his own torso, still encased so tightly in the corset. His eyes were drawn to the sway of the earrings as he moved his head, their cool fingers such a contrast to the perfectly formed bob of his wig and the liquid caresses being applied to his cock.

"So beautiful," Jack said, stepping up behind him, gloriously nude at last.

Sean hollowed his cheeks and sucked at Ianto's cock, pulling on the hard flesh. Ianto's brain went blank and he clutched at Sean's shoulders.

"Ahhh!..." Ianto threw his head back and fought the urge to come down Sean's throat.

Jack's arms wrapped around his chest, holding him close, keeping him safe. "You're doing so good, hold on. Don't come. Not yet. Not yet…"

"So close…"

"Shhhh. I know. So good. So very good," Jack said softly. "Sean, back off."

Sean looked up, his eyes wide, his mouth full of Ianto's dick.

"He can only come with my permission. No fair tempting him to break the rules."

With a last teasing lick, Sean released Ianto. "Who said I played fair?"

"My toy, my rules."

Sean bowed his head. "Yes, sir."

"Besides, I was thinking we should fuck him into oblivion."

Ianto's closed his eyes as his breath caught in his throat and opened them again with a sound that was part groan and part laugh.

Jack's chuckle rippled up Ianto's spine. "You ever done this before, Sean?"

"Fuck someone?"

Jack held up two fingers with a grin. "'Two someones at the same time."

"Ah." Sean shook his head. "Been on my list of things to try, though."

"Well then, I guess we all get lucky tonight." Jack tossed him a bottle of lube and a condom. "You're up first."

***

Ianto shivered as Jack poured more lube directly onto his arse then pressed his thumb into his hole. He pushed back, wanting more.

"Soon," Jack promised.

He felt Jack pull his thumb out and press two fingers in, twisting them in circles. Jack pulled out, then pushed back in with more fingers and more lube, Ianto desperately tried to count the curves and lengths pressing into him, but lost track as Jack pulled out again. He dropped his head, panting as he was filled again. Jack was pushing and turning, rotating his hand so that he was hitting Ianto's prostate in alternating waves.

Jack pulled out completely and this time Ianto did cry out, canting his hips back, wanting more as the bed dipped and new hands caressed his body.

"Come'ere, Beautiful," Sean said, pulling Ianto toward him.

With Jack and Sean guiding his over-sensitised body, Ianto got himself lined up over Sean's hips and then he was pressing down, helped by multiple hands, filling himself with Sean's cock. He groaned, rising up to impale himself again, loving how Sean felt, condom and all.

Ianto nearly screamed as Sean took control thrusting up, hard and sudden then he let the rhythm take him, riding Sean's cock thrust for thrust, feeling it rub against the edges of his perception and press into the bubble of need that he'd been wrapped in all night.

"Mmmm, so beautiful," Jack murmured, caressing Ianto's back. "Slow up a bit and lean forward."

As Ianto shifted he felt Jack's hands on his arse, wet with lube. Jack pressed his thumbs in alongside Sean's cock and Ianto cried out. It was almost too much. Then Jack was pulling and stretching his hole, pressing more fingers in and Ianto was panting in pain and pleasure.

"Jaaack…"

"You can do this. I know you can. Just keep breathing for me."

Jack's hands slipped out and Ianto suddenly felt desperately empty. His hands scrabbled at the sheets, searching for something he couldn't name but needed so fucking much. A moment later Jack was at his back, pressed tight against him, pressing his cock into him, along side Sean's hard dick, pressing impossibly close to him.

"Ohgodohgod!"

He was trembling to pieces, being forced open and still it wasn't enough. He tried to move; craving something he didn't understand, wanting more. He was being pressed from the inside, compressed from the outside. He was spinning, spiraling out of control. He couldn't breathe, couldn't think. The corset and the collar were cutting off his air, the wig was scratching at his scalp, the shoes were biting into his heels, his cock was screaming to be set free.

"Too much." Ianto panted, his head whipping from side to side, his body trembling in Jack's arms, hands clawing at Sean's chest. He was burning, breaking, coming apart and couldn't see where to turn.

"Relax," Sean whispered, trapping Ianto's hands close between their bodies and rubbing gentle circles across Ianto's shoulders. "We're here. We've got you."

Jack pushed in deeper, filling him, pushing past his edges. Ianto shuddered and all of them groaned as the movement shifted both cocks around and inside them.

He shuddered, gulping air, willing his heart to calm down.

"Breathe, Ianto." Jack said, stroking his sides.

He sucked in a breath, focusing on Jack's voice and trying to push past his fears.

Jack pushed in farther and groaned. Ianto could feel him pressed tight against his arse. Jack's large hands stroked along his back, weaving across and around Sean's.

"That's it," Jack murmured against Ianto's ear then Jack wrapped strong arms around his waist and hauled him upright.

"Jack!"

The change in position forced both men's cocks deeper within Ianto and up against his prostate. It was blinding. He was so full. Both of them were pressed inside him, filling him, blending and moving inside and around him.

Ianto felt Jack sweep his hands up over the corset to the sweat streaked skin above, caressing, soothing, pressing away the fear.

"So good. You've been so very good for me," Jack whispered as his fingers stroked across the collar and his lips pressed kisses into Ianto's flesh.

Then Sean shifted, or Jack did, their dicks sliding inside him as their hands glided along his skin and Ianto had a moment of perfect clarity. Held between Jack and Sean he was finally free. There were no more secrets, nothing he needed to hide. He could let go. He was safe. He was utterly secure, wrapped in Jack's arms, held by Sean, who he didn't know really at all, except that somehow he did.

Ianto let himself collapse back against Jack's chest.

"Yes… just relax and let it all go," Jack said quietly.

Ianto closed his eyes and sank into Jack's arms, full and floating.

"Sean," Jack said, his lips warm against Ianto's neck, his hands strong around his chest. "Your turn."

"Right," Sean said through gritted teeth. He flexed his hips under Ianto and his cock slid down a fraction, pulling against Ianto's inner walls and Jack's dick, shifting the fullness and heat. He pressed back up, setting a pace that Jack fell into easily. They moved slowly at first, sliding in and out, and then speeding up as the rhythm took hold of them.

The pressure slipped and slid through Ianto, coiling and growing, pushing up from the base of his spine. He moved with it, letting it pull him apart, drag him to the edge of awareness. He was dissolving and reforming with each stroke. Locked between two immovable forces, dragged along with each as they moved higher with each thrust.

Sounds spilled out of Ianto, a stream of wordless keening that poured up from the base of his spine.

"Hold on," Jack growled in his ear.

Sean thrust up into Ianto several times in quick succession and came with a shout.

Jack shoved Ianto down into Sean's arms and began to fuck him ruthlessly.

Ianto let out a guttural cry, no longer capable of thought or reason, clutching at Sean's shoulders.

Through the brutal pounding Jack was giving his arse, Ianto felt Sean wind a hand around his cock and stroke his aching flesh, twisting and squeezing along the whole length, circling up across the head and back down.

"Now, Sean," Jack grunted.

The cock ring snapped off.

"Come on, Ianto, come for me," Jack ordered as he thrust in again, harder.

Ianto howled and came in thick, explosive spurts over Sean's hand.

Jack thrust one more time and then he was filling Ianto's arse with hot come and shouting curses around Ianto's name.