
JIM NAKED IN SCHOOL - PART 2

[NiS, naked, teen, hs, exhib, voy, pett, oral, mm (one very short scene), mf, mmf, sm, bd, 1st]

CHAPTER THE FOURTH - TUESDAY MORNING

6.30, up and at them. Yeah, fuck that.

7.10, up, wash my face then dress. Raid the underwear, fresh shirt and then on with trousers and blazer. Noosed myself up with the tie. Headed downstairs to find the regulation cheese sandwiches ready and waiting. It could almost have been a normal day. If only I didn't have the prospect of naked-ness awaiting me. Yesterday's horniness has made way to fear of lugging my naked bulk around a high school for seven-odd hours.

At least I had the rugby match to look forward to, but that was hours away.

I was out and at the station for 7.40, and the train only arrived five minutes late. I changed trains and found my normal seat with Carol and her 'friend', Miranda. Miranda stands 5'10 and borders the line between athletic and sturdy. I wouldn't consider her to possess the most attractive of faces, but she had a certain charm from beneath her long blonde hair.

With a busy rush-hour train there was no chance of a repeat of yesterday, which was probably a good thing. Carol had explained to Miranda about The Program. They'd been doing their own research on it. We chatted about that for a bit, I asked them if they'd ever volunteer if it was at their school. A naked all-girls school, bet the nuns would love that. Actually, I bet some would.

"So, why no outreach this morning?"

"What do you mean?"

"You could have come to school naked, we wouldn't have minded."

"You may not have, but I'm sure these people don't want a naked me crammed up against them going up the stairs at Burntfield."

"You never know, that guy over there looks pretty keen!"

"Shut up."

We got to Burntfield. I said goodbye as I went to walk up the road to my school but the girls tagged along with me. I realised why when we got to school, they wanted to watch the show. Lois was waiting, just out of view of the front of the school; she joined us for the last bit of the walk.

"I just wanted to be sure that if you needed help, you'd get it."

There was a cheer from a crowd as we arrived. Carol and Miranda hung back to try and catch the show from a distance. Then I had a nasty idea. Jim Morton's political spin theory, rule 3: if you get the entrance and exit right, nobody will remember what you did in the room.

So let's get the entrance right, after all, I was meant to be setting an example. A few deep breaths. I bend down to untie one of my shoelaces, stop for a moment then get up.

"Ladies and gentlemen, I refuse to undress myself for your entertainment this morning."

I could see glum faces, especially on Carol. Lois was shocked, I couldn't have dropped out, could I?

"So instead, I am going to let my three glamorous assistants do it for me. You all know the sexy Miss Lois Green, but I'd also like to introduce, all the way from the shores of East Essex, Carol and Miranda. Come on, girls, join in the fun! Come on, people, let's bring them over!"

There is nowt that a Burntfield student likes better than getting one over on our neighbouring schools, so a dozen boys and girls 'led' my friends over.

Lois took point, making short work of my blazer, it was soon folded and in the box marked with my name. Suggestively she loosened my tie, rubbing it around my neck and phallicly playing with the end. Soon it was in the box, and she knelt down in front of me to work on my laces. She looked up at her two colleagues who hadn't even taken a step forward yet. I reached out and took Miranda's hand and placed it on my top shirt button. I gave Carol the zipper for my trousers, mouthing the word, 'slowly' to both.

I don't know if it was their nerves or if it was on purpose, but by taking a minute or so to work through each move they were increasing the tension, both in the crowd and in my loins. I stepped out of my shoes and let my trousers drop to the floor. My shirt came off too. Lois picked them up and boxed them. Carol took Miranda's hand and ran it along the bulge in my pants, before Miranda got the hint and worked her way inside and started stroking my cock. Her finger was making small circles around the tip, drawing gasps of pleasure from me with each pass. Carol pulled down my pants; I felt her hands massaging my arse, feeling around the back before coming back to the front, cupping my balls.

I managed to slip out of the pants and back into my shoes. Looking down I saw the two Catholic 14-year-olds tending to me and decided that it was time to make my dignified exit.

"Alright ladies, that's enough, thank you. Have a good day at school. Lois, I presume you can find some help to rid you of those clothes. Meanwhile I bid you all good day, I'm sure you'll see me around, I'm the one without the clothes."

I tried to sweep my way through the playground. This wasn't too successful as it is difficult to sweep with authority having no clothes on. I noticed that the staff were watching the scenes outside the gates from the staffroom. I hope they got an eyeful and wouldn't pick on me during the day.

I turned back to see Lois being undressed by the captain of the Year 11 cricket team. We were only a few minutes from first bell so I headed up to register. No real hassles, though, just the usual gropings. We were called down to assembly. Lining up to go in I felt a finger up my crack, turning I saw Kelli, a cute, rotund friend of Lois's.

It was no surprise that Lois and I were called to the Front. Our Head of Year introduced the assembly, then let Karen talk about the program. Again she did this naked, while flanked by Year 10's naked duo. Then we were called on to give our first impressions of the program. Lois talked about how liberating it was, how she enjoyed the looks on the faces of staff, but mostly she talked about the sex she was getting in school!

Then it was my turn.

"Anybody see the Simpson's last night? I don't blame you if you didn't. It was the umpteenth repeat of Lisa the babysitter. Homer got caught in one of those walls of water fountain thingys and was crying 'I was once like you, don't mock me' or something like that. That is exactly how I felt yesterday morning, it was how I felt yesterday afternoon and it is how I'm feeling right now.

"But I know that I am laughed at anyway, whether I encourage it or not, and frankly, it's not a problem now. Now that I'm laughed at for being naked, I don't care what anybody says when I tell Lois that she looks incredibly sexy naked, I don't even mind admitting that I came in Jenny Pearce's pants during physics. I don't have to hide what I do, just like I don't have to have clothes to hide what I am.

"Besides, I know that in the next year and a bit, everybody here will be going through the same thing, and I'm glad that I know I have support. I've been put into an uncomfortable position, but I am going to do my best to extract as much as I can from it. Why don't you try it too? The Program isn't just limited to the chosen few, anybody can strip off in school, why not be different, why not try it? Get used to feeling the air on you in summer rather than having to come to terms with it in winter.

"And if anybody wants to support us, we're playing rugby against Chemwell's after school. It's the season finale, we need a draw to win the county championship. They tonked us at theirs last time, we want to do the same here. Come along and support us. The less clothes, the better!"

Well, at least I got a laugh. Apparently the trick with public speaking is to imagine everybody in the audience is naked. There is much more adrenaline, though, when you are naked and your audience aren't!

Off to Geography now. In the race for the dullest subject of the week, this ranks head and shoulders above anything else. About a quarter of the class actually want to pass the subject. The rest just took it because the colourless, humourless geography teachers are the easiest to bully. Our teacher, Mr. Dennis, was the head of geography and possibly thought it was noble of him to take on teaching all the years' criminals. However to at least make it look like he got decent grades from his classes, he also took the best of the year as well.

This was the lesson that it would be lucky if me and Lois got out intact!

Lois arrived just after me and we sat down together. Big Dave and Not-quite-as-big Dave sat down behind us, both were good mates, as were Rich and Lois's mate, Josie.

Whether it was planned or not, they almost formed a barrier between us and the madness of the rest of the class.

Neither of us were in the mood for relief.

Dan, Josh and Greg were actually behaving like human beings for at least the first ten minutes. The rest of their troop were just waiting for their chance. This happened when Lois went up to ask a question and they pounced, pinning her to the desk.

I have never seen Mr. Dennis angry, but he leapt to his feet with a ruler that smashed down on Greg's head. The others drew back. Lois scampered back to her seat, with a look on her face that she perhaps wouldn't have minded if he'd let it go. Mr. Dennis had other ideas.

"Okay, part of The Program is to help our less socially evolved students come to terms with their animal instincts. It has been many millennia since a naked woman was an open invitation to be jumped on. I think you need some punishment."

I think we were all expecting him to call the head, or do something stupid like set lines, but no, he walked over to his desk computer and pushed a button. Ropes with loops on them dropped from the ceiling, about twenty pairs in total. We also heard the doors lock.

"Welcome to my nightmare. Get up, Dan." Dan didn't move, but Mr. Dennis forced him up. The teacher, a scrawny 45-year-old was not somebody you think of as being able to resort to physicality, but he seemed to enjoy it. He tied up Dan's hands into the loops, they had an iron bar between them so you couldn't try and untie them by yourself. We were all watching, amazed.

He glanced round at our corner, then nodded towards Greg, while he walked over to Josh. Me, Rich, Dave and Dave descended on Greg and in less than a minute had the nasty little kid in cuffs, by the time we had finished, Josh was locked up as well.

Looking over at Chris, Danna and Lizzie in the corner, he told them to undress each of their restrained mates. Everybody knew Chris was gay, so he was quite looking forward to it. Danna and Lizzie had most likely seen it all before so they were not too bothered by their task. Soon the three boys were naked, aside from their shirts, which, while unbuttoned, were still on their arms.

"Okay, thanks for that, now you three sit down or you will be joining them in no time at all. Josh, Dan and Greg, you are now in The Program for today. When you are released, you will surrender your shirts and put them with the rest of your uniform. You will pick them all up at the end of school today."

Mr. Dennis walked back to his desk, failing to hide a massive boner, and tapped on his keyboard once more. The ropes began to rise back up. The ones with pupils attached stopped just when their prisoners were on tiptoes. He wasn't content to stop there. He wandered into his store cupboard and came back out with a 10-foot whip. I'm not sure what was more disturbing, Mr. Dennis, greyer than Gandalf the Grey, owned a whip, or that he kept it in the Geography store cupboard. I'd been saying for years that there were interesting things in there, I was proved right!

Mr. Dennis, in a vague attempt to teach us, got a video running, but none of us were paying attention. We were all watching as he stalked, metre rule in his left hand and whip in the right, behind the three condemned children.

In the manner of a killer whale toying with its seal prey, he just taunted. He dragged the tip of the ruler along their backs and buttocks, perhaps giving a quick slap now and again. This went on for minutes. Lois's hand had started rubbing up against my thigh. I guessed she was into this sort of thing, and to tell the truth, it was turning me on too.

Just when the class had realised that it was just a power exercise, that Mr. Dennis liked the thrill of having power over people but just didn't use it, there was a crack. The crack of the thin strands of the top of a whip breaking the sound barrier. The crack was followed by the gasp of twenty shocked geographers and the wail of pain from Josh as the whip had left its mark across his arse. The whip crack was followed up by a firm strike of the ruler across the same marks. Josh was sobbing, hanging limply from the cuffs, reduced to the gibbering wreck he had tried to make me and some of my mates resort to at various times in my school career.

Dan and Greg were nervous, one of them would be next, and there we were, trying to suppress sympathy as we were horny with blood lust. Unable to twist around or see their dominator, they didn't know who was next. The ruler was tracing up and down the crack of Greg's pale bottom, teasing his anus, almost fucking his ring. He was getting heated up, swelling up. He had the look in his eyes of somebody who just needs the use of a hand to unleash the tension building up within him. At that point the whip cracked down on his back, he cried out but it did no good as Mr. Dennis came back for seconds, and thirds.

"So Josh, you have two options, you have to go through the same thing as your compatriots, or you get the special mystery forfeit. What is your choice?"

Josh looked at Dan, still crying and limp, and Greg, bleeding but aroused and tried for a way out, he went mystery. Mr. Dennis tapped at the controls and Josh's ropes became slack. He sank to his knees.

"That's a good position, Josh, because your forfeit is best carried out down there. I want, no, the class want you to give Greg your best blowjob."

It wasn't quite 10 o'clock, and I'd already lost my grip on reality. Had our boring Geographer, a man whose two major joys in life were sailing-boat handles and glacial formations, just tortured three naked boys and was about to get them to perform oral sex on each other? I'm glad I didn't take Religious Studies instead!

Josh didn't move for a few minutes, and then resigned to his fate, crawled over to kneel in front of Greg. Greg, had not lost any of his erection, at least part of him was looking forward to this. Josh opened his mouth and leaned forward, reluctantly engulfing his friend then bobbing his head as the rest of the class cheered him on.

It only took a minute or so for Greg to cum, spurting all over the retreating Josh's face and chest.

It was only a few minutes before the bell, so Mr. Dennis released the three of them and took their shirts. As Greg and Dan turned around, we saw the angry red marks over their backs. Perhaps somebody has finally taught them a lesson they will remember.

I was sporting a semi-wood after the show this lesson, which Lois chose to grab as she led me to the next class, Citizenship, which we had in form groups. She squeezed hard once or twice, in 'payback' for me making her find her own partner to undress this morning. Citizenship was only two doors down, so we got through the crowd relatively safely.

Mr. Lymer was one of those young 'trendy' teachers who liked to get everybody talking and involved in the lessons. This would likely be an interesting lesson. First off though, I was rather horny. For the first time this week, I accepted the offer of relief.

Half the girls in the class volunteered, not a bad turnout. I picked Kelli. Lois too needed to work off the tension and she got Jeff to help.

I liked Kelli. She was always joking about and didn't take much seriously. She's quite short, about 5'2ish and doesn't look like she skips meals. Her round face has kept a beautiful hint of innocence to it, despite what I've heard about her!

She smiled at me, eyes wide open, then gripped my cock and started stroking it. She spat on my tip for lubrication and started rubbing it in. I watched her every stroke, while she looked up at me, never breaking eye contact as her pale hand glided up and down my skin, pumping away. Without breaking our gaze, she moved her head gently over my cock and engulfed it.

Her tongue traced up and down the underside shaft before she started dragging her teeth around the head. Her tongue now started to try and break into the tip, she mixed my pre-cum and her saliva around as she flicked against the sensitive tip, drawing me ever closer. Her fingers cupped my balls, kneading, exploring. I felt the suction of her mouth, trying to vacuum out my cum, her head was now bobbing, but still she didn't break my gaze. Like an obedient dog looking at her master, she looked up at me with those wide eyes.

Her other hand was down her skirt, frigging herself for all she was worth. I felt my cum building up, getting hot somewhere inside me.

"I'mmmm gonnna"

Kelli backed off, wanking me off with her hand as she faced my cock, mouth closed. Fuck. It felt like a gallon of cum as it spurted out again and again, over her beautiful face, in her eye, in her short brunette hair. Kelli kept on looking at me, with a smile on her lips she whispered.

"You owe me one, big time, at break."

The class cheered.

It cheered again as Jeff's fingers brought Lois off.

Once composure had been found, the class got out its books and we carried on what we had been doing before Easter. How society had become highly sexual over the last decade or so.

I was meant to do a presentation on this, something I had been dreading over Easter, but, somehow, I seem to find talking about sex a lot easier now! I put my Flashdrive into the techer's computer and started my Presentation.

First slide was a naked woman, projected over the Houses of Parliament. Her name was Gail Porter and she had been a kids' TV presenter, though I was possibly a bit too young to remember. The naked shots of her were front-page news during the mid-90s. One magazine had even projected her onto various public buildings.

I suggested that it was this act that marked the point where the British public became at ease with pictures of naked women being easily available to the kids of the nation.

I talked a little bit about how the 1960s and 70s had been about free love, then the 1980s and 90s were repressed because of AIDS and stuff. Once AIDS and other STDs were cured, when the birth control injection came in and when the Catholic Church finally relented on its ban against contraception (yep, I know, it waited until AIDS was cured before it let its followers practise prevention techniques.)

I talked about how politicians and sociologists had seen that repressed societies that preached abstinence over contraception had been hotspots for STDs and young pregnancies for generations, but eventually encouraged a liberation of attitudes in various countries.

I used America, and the groundbreaking laws that were associated with The Program over there, as an example.

I felt happy with my presentation and sat down to some applause. Big Dave, predictably, did a presentation on how porn was much easier to get hold of. Jane did a rather crappy presentation. We had another couple of people before the bell went and we escaped for break.

Kelli caught me before we left and reminded me that I owed her. I shrugged and took her hand and led her to 'the room'. I swiped my card, the room was empty. Kelli looked around and pointed to a cubicle and headed there.

"I really need a good cum, and I heard that you ain't bad at getting a girl to cum, so it's my turn to try you out!"

She dropped her skirt. Her chubby legs were topped by a purple thong, which came down next. Kelli was obviously a girl who liked the feel of skin on skin as she was fully shaved down there. I moved forward to kiss her, but she brushed me off.

"No time, lie down."

I lay down and she knelt down, rubbing herself, then letting two fingers slide in and out a few times before taking them out and letting me have a taste. It was different to Lois, but not in a bad way.

"No finger action for Jim today, you're gonna to eat my pussy."

She smiled, her fingers stretching herself open, and slowly she sank down onto my waiting mouth.

"Lick me, lick my wet slit, lick me, slut!"

I traced my tongue along her slit, getting used to the unfamiliar taste and texture. The smell was new, it was strange, overpowering and so sensual. I breathed in, breathing in Kelli's sexual aura.

She ground her pussy onto my face, humping my nose.

"Come on, lick me, I'm soo wet, I need this, drink me, lick me"

My tongue flicked up and down, the taste of her inviting me further in. My tounge found her clit and I traced around it, licking around the hood.

"Suck it, you slut. Suck my clit. Suck on Mistress's clit, you bad pussy slut, fuck me, suck me, you bastard"

I felt her clit in between my teeth, I pulled it, sucking and toying as she bucked on top of me, her fingers coming down and rubbing it as I moved back to her vagina, darting in and out, I pulled her down on me, trying to force my way further in, trying to suck the juice out of her.

I felt her contract around my tongue, squeezing, milking it like it was a cock.

"Oh, Fuck yes, fuck, ohh, a'm going t, ahhhhhhhhh..."

Her legs clamped around my head as a wave of juice flowed over my face. I tried to drink in as much as I could. Her grip eased as she collapsed, still half clothed, on top of me. Panting, she licked her orgasm off my face before kissing me.

We just lay there for a bit until we were aware of noise from elsewhere in the room. I grabbed a few tissues to clean up and looked around. In the far cubicle I saw the Year 7 girl with two boys from her year. One of them was pumping away at her pussy, the other was having the blowjob of his young life. We watched for a couple of minutes before making a quick exit when the bell went.

"I'm gonna have to tell Lois that your tongue is every bit as good as she says your fingers are!"

"Yeah, I suppose you should feel guilty about taking the piss out of me now?"

"What about?"

"Year 7 & 8, you had a go at my speech impediment?"

"Sorry, but what's that got to do with the price of fish?"

"It was caused by my tongue being too big for my mouth!"

"If only I had known then, I'd have had to try it!"

I wandered over to Maths, arriving just after the class had started. Mr. Atkins looked at me with a shrug as I wandered in and found my place near the front.

Mr. Atkins was a new teacher this year; he enjoyed trying to wind me up. He was coaching the rugby team this year so he'd gotten to know me quite well.

"Since I need Mr. Morton in top form for this afternoon's rugby match, I'm saving all the embarrassing bits of the lesson till later in the week. So everybody carry on with where you were last lesson. Jim, can you bring your work to the front for me to check?

"Jim, I think you'll be glad to hear that you will not have to play naked this evening. We talked it over and it was decided that you need your kit!" I laughed, my position would be painful if I didn't have my rugby shirt on. "But, we feel that because of The Program, you have to turn up for the line-out practice at lunch naked. Don't worry, it's just going over the calls and the jumps, since you don't jump, you should be okay.

"But, I'll let you in on a secret, don't tell anybody, and just meet us out on the field in your boots. Since you boys are a team, if one of you is in The Program, the rest are. The whole squad will practise naked. Hopefully it will bring out a few more supporters for this evening. And you never know, you may get lucky after the game!

"And on that point, no sneaky sex before the game. This is my old school, so I want to take them apart just as much as the rest of you, we need everybody at the top of their game."

The rest of the lesson passed without incident. I grabbed some lunch and sat on a bench where I was soon joined by the naked Amanda.


CHAPTER THE FIFTH - TUESDAY AFTERNOON

"Hi."

"Hi, Amanda, how's it going?"

"Fucking dreadful." She looked on the verge of tears.

"What's wrong?"

"The way everybody looks at me, it's wrong, I'm not some slice of meat."

"You really should know a bit more about the mind of a teenage boy. You are an attractive naked girl, you will get looked at."

"I shouldn't be treated as just some kind of sex object."

"But you are. Amanda, most of the boys in the upper school have gone to sleep at least once this year thinking of you. I expect that Amanda dreams will be more regular this week!"

"Fucking men, all the fucking same. Can't you think about something else other than bodies, what about minds, how funny we are?"

"Jeez, what do you think we are doing when we wank? We're not thinking about girlfriends, friendship, we are thinking of sex, pure and simple. There is nothing you or I can do about it! For some of us, the idea that a girl is pure sex is much easier to cope with than them having a personality as well. Something I'm learning to come to terms with, I guess. Can I ask you something?"

"Go on"

"Do you reckon that you'll lose your virginity this week?"

Amanda laughed, " what makes you think that I'm a virgin?"

"I kinda read that from your protests yesterday. Who was the lucky guy then?"

"Wasn't a guy, it was a girl."

"Figures. It figures that the masturbatory fantasy for the male population of Burntfield is a dyke!"

"Lesbian. Well, I hope I am. It feels good that way."

"Okay, so I'll rephrase. Given that this is the perfect opportunity, are you planning to fuck a guy this week?"

"No. I'm not planning on it. I'm not saying I won't, but I don't really want a meaningless shag just because I'm naked."

"Everybody but us two seems to be up for it!"

"What, you, but you seem so confident, I saw your act this morning."

"Oh, come on, it's an act. I'm trying to make the best of it so that other people will not dread the damn thing. If I wasn't showing off, I'd be in a corner crying."

"I guess I'd be doing the same, I just need the head-girl elections to go okay so that I have a decent CV for uni. I know that they'll not choose me if I wimp out on this."

"Look, I got to head over to the field for a practice. Want to come and watch? We've a rugby match after school, supporting us may be good for your elections!"

"Maybe."

I wandered over to the field, posing for a few Year 7 girls who wanted to compare their naked classmate to me. I put on my boots and started to do a warm-up. I'd never run around on the grass naked, and it was kind of fun, feeling the wind rushing around me.

I did all my bends and squats, and was ready by the time the rest of the naked team arrived to cheers. They had amassed a large crowd. I walked over to Rugby Dave, the captain.

"Cheers agreeing to this, it's nice to know that the team are behind me!"

"To tell the truth, I didn't agree to it, I suggested it to Atkins. Look, I've seen how much sex you lot are getting and I want in after this match, so I thought naked lunch would be the best way to go. Besides, one for all and all that shite!"

It wasn't a long practice. A few of us spent five minutes goal kicking. I'm not one of the team's kickers, but I am not bad, so I tend to do that rather than passing training.

The forwards then grouped together to go over the line-out drills while the backs practised catching the ball without dropping it (something they seem to find rather hard!).

I suppose I better explain for those not familiar with the great game of Rugby. When the ball goes off the side of the pitch we have to throw it back in. Both forward packs (the big fat guys) line up in rows and the ball is thrown in between them We rehearse calls so that we know where the ball will (should) end up. My position in the scrum is prop, which means that I tend to line up right at the front for line-outs. I liked it. Everybody else had to either jump or lift somebody, I just had to watch the ball go over my head and join in the maul afterwards.

The backs came up and we went through our line-outs and they tried to disrupt them. It was the best we've done it all season. Even my special call, where the ball is thrown low to me at the front and I charge, worked, that almost always go wrong.

I swapped places with the thrower (I throw in for my club side) and we went through the same set of drills, wasn't too bad. I have difficulty reaching the back of the line, the other thrower can't do straight throws as well as me normally, but he was on form, so I was happy not throwing.

Having finished with that, the rest of the squad jogged back to the changing rooms, they had fifteen minutes to get ready before the bell. I stayed on the pitch to carry on kicking.

I felt myself goosed from behind, turning around I saw Lois.

We found somewhere to sit down out the way.

"So, who were those girls this morning?"

"Oh, just some friends of mine, they were interested in The Program."

"Getting yourself stripped by me and two Catholic girls, got to give it to you, a bit of style."

"You know me, Style over substance, every time."

"I know you, mostly substance and never any style!" She smiled at me. "So did you fuck them?"

"No, fooled around with one of them, the mousy-brown haired one, last night on the train, but was fingers only."

"Well done on that though, bet you've been wanting to do that to her for years!"

"Maybe, I don't know."

"Perhaps you could show her your new trick?"

"What?"

"Oh, come on. Kelli was raving about you. Now you know that since she's recommended it, I have to try it."

With that she pushed me over, kneeling on my arms to hold me down, she lowered her weeping sex to my face. Ten minutes later I was covered in another sea of girl-cum.

"Shit, I'm gonna have to get me some more of that. I think we have to get back now. Do us a favour? Don't wipe your face, not yet!!"

We got back to class. Lois apologised for us being 'detained' and went to sit next to Kelli.

Technology was next, and since it was based in a workshop, I was covered and got through it without much fuss.

English followed, and we had to write poems about revealing something of ourselves. We spent most of it sat around tables chatting. The afternoon seemed to pass quickly but drag on at the same time. Final bell went and I dashed down to the changing rooms.

I sneaked into the boys' rooms, but I don't think anybody minded since we needed to have a pre-game talk.


CHAPTER THE SIXTH - TUESDAY AFTER SCHOOL

We walked over to the playing fields down the road. We had a nice crowd. Amanda, Lois and Beccy were there, all naked; as were two of Lois's sisters. There were a fair few naked girls, a lot of clothed ones including Kelli, and some guys there as well. No naked guys, shame on them!

I started my pre-match superstitions. I wore an old Bath Rugby Club top and put the school top over it. I turned the collar of the Bath shirt up. After having gone from no clothes to wearing too many, I felt rather odd, but strangely safe. I wore shin guards, but I never wore a gumshield. My last thing was to pick up a bit of mud, and mark my forehead with a six-pointed star. The ground was too dry for that, so I just touched the ground and marked the shape with a whisper of 'to the death'. I jogged onto the pitch.

Most rugby players love playing in the winter when it is wet and muddy. I hate it. I don't like cleaning the mud off me, for reasons that may well come out in therapy one day, I prefer the cuts and bruises that come from smashing into frosted or dry ground.

The first five minutes of the match were really fun, lots of backs running with the ball, tackling, mauls, no scrums. We were a few points behind from a penalty.

The first scrum was called about eight mins in. My job as prop is to hold up the scrum and to make sure the hooker (yep, that's what we call him) is free to hook the ball back. I'm on the front row of the scrum, so I have to lean against the opposing front row. As a tight-head prop, my head goes between their hooker and loosehead prop. I have to hold onto the hooker and also the second-row forward has to bind onto me. He does this by resting his shoulders on my arse and reaching between my legs and grabbing a lump of shirt and holding tight. Now you can see why I wanted to wear my kit!!

I faced up against my opposite number, their loosehead. He was a big guy, about 6'1, 16 stone and very, very ginger. I'd encountered him twice at club level, but since I play hooker or loosehead for them, we've never really come up against each other directly.

Now, I have to make an apology, if you have so far thought of me as a nice, personable loser, you are now about to see a different side of me. I was taught rugby at club level by a load of jaded club players with vast experience and larger waistbands.

I crouched down ready to interlock, the scrums engaged and I immediately shook my head, bashing it into their hooker and prop. Being shorter than my opposite number, I could get beneath him and push up meaning that he couldn't push back. We won the first scrum fairly easily.

And the next.

The match pattern had sorted itself out, our forwards would win the ball, give it to the backs and they'd muck it up. Their backs were much better than ours, better ball handling and passing, but we were tackling for all we were worth.

We held our own, and kept within a few points. Our trys were scored by the forwards charging over from short range, theirs from nice running moves.

Just before half-time we had a line-out. It was near our line. We arranged ourselves so that the ball would go to the last man who might be able to get a run on the try-line. The call was made and the hooker went to throw, I took two steps backwards. As I did, the ginger prop made an attempt to jump me and missed. I ran forward, catching the short ball and managed to just beat their hooker to get over the line. I walked over to laugh at the prop. I'd obviously pissed him off, now he'd thought that he would take me out in the mle of a line-out, he just misread our calls.

The conversion kick from the sidelines was pretty difficult and we missed it. We were ahead by 2 points.

Half-time and we got the oranges out. My head was killing me, but my tactics seemed to be working on my opponent. The forwards huddled together and shouted loudly at each other about something. I don't know. I think it amounted to, keep it up. As pack leader I just yelled for more of the same. The backs were being shouted at by the coach.

The second half started badly. I joined in with a back move, almost dropped the hospital pass that I'd been given, when I looked up I ran straight into one of their flankers (big, strong, quick and psychopathic players) coming at me for the tackle. I was down on the ground for a minute with that one.

I was starting to see double. It had happened to me before, but it meant that I was going to have to avoid trying to catch the ball, as I was likely to drop it. Still, I was meant to be in the team for my scrumming ability anyway.

Chemwell regained the lead quickly and we just about managed to hang in there. The backs were playing better, but so was their defence.

Each scrum was hurting me more and more but I still kept up with the head banging and the pushing up, I was not going to lose this one. As long as your forwards keep winning ball, you always have a chance. Another try and we were within a penalty of them.

The scoreboards remained static for ten minutes, it was nearing the end of the match, less than a minute when they had the ball near their line. I saw the ball coming to the prop and started a charge, one final tackle on him. I never realised he had such quick hands, the moment he got the ball, he passed it off and I was in mid-lunge, I flattened him. Without the ball, that was a late tackle and they'd get a penalty. I lay on the floor knowing we'd lost our chance.

He got up and then I felt a pain in my side, he kicked me again and then in the head before his teammates dragged him away. Two of mine tried to get involved, but by then the ref got in the middle.

I just lay there, curled up, defeated and in pain.

Then the ref awarded the penalty. To us. Retaliation is a bigger crime in rugby than the first offence. We had a penalty, in front of their posts, and a kick would tie the game and we would be county champions.

Rugby Dave was talking it over with the kicker. I got up and limped over, my ribs were killing me.

"I came to win, it's ten yards, I can run it."

"You've done enough; we can get the championship with just a kick."

"I want to beat them. Look, it's ten yards, I won't be stopped in that distance, you know it."

"On your head then."

Rugby Dave, who was also the scrum half, took the ball and stood on the spot. The whole forward pack lined up facing their pack minus the sent-off prop. I stood just to the right of them. We set off, moving was difficult but I picked up into a sprint, the pack moving quickly, I was aiming my run behind Rugby Dave. He picked up the ball. It was the cue for the other pack to start moving. The two packs charged at each other. With one eye closed I ran at their back line, watching as Dave slipped the ball out backwards and straight into my hands. Head down I just had ten yards to go now. I aimed for a gap in between their two centres, running as fast as I could I hit them low and hard, knocking one back and driving the other, two yards, one yard, dive. At that moment their back line, our back line and both packs converged on me. It went black, all I could feel was weight about me and the ball under my stomach.

After what seemed like hours, the weight lightened as they climbed off me. Had I got over the try-line? I had no idea. When their last two players climbed off, I could finally see. I had planted the ball a foot over the line. Try.

And conversion.

I struggled back to our lines to receive the ball. Luckily it went nowhere near me. We held on for a few seconds until full time then kicked the ball to touch.

We won the championship

We won the game.

I struggled to the edge of the pitch to lie down. No rest for the wicked as I was attacked by the sponge from the water bucket. Lois and Kelly came over to congratulate me. I got some kisses from quite a few people as I sat on the ground.

Eventually, Rugby Dave and Karl helped me up to cheer Chemwell off the pitch.

The girls said goodbye to me as I limped back off towards school. I was dropping behind the rest when Mr. Atkins came up behind me.

"Well done, Jim. I'll pretend I don't know why their prop reacted to you, but don't let that become a habit. You're good enough to do well without the gamesmanship. Dave said that you told him not to kick for the Championship. Thank you for that. I live with their coach and I'd rather not have him vaunting this over me when he's fucking me.

"Anyway, your clothes are in the girls' changing rooms, the Year 9 girls football team has just had a practice, so enjoy yourself."

I tried to smile, but most of my body was in too much pain.

I heard girls' voices from the boys' changing rooms; I guess that some of the fans were congratulating the winners. Alone I staggered into the girls' room.

"Ooh, look, ladies, we have a visitor. Carly, your knight in shining armour is here."

Five wet naked girls toddled over to me. I accepted their help to get me undressed. It hurt too much to lean over and do it myself. I covered up one eye, to make out faces clearly, and saw Carly watching from behind them, smiling shyly.

"Shit, boy!" One of the girls exclaimed as they took my shirt off. I looked down and saw three massive bruises on my right side, turning purple and yellow. They gently finished stripping me off and returned to the shower, leaving Carly looking after me. She stretched out a finger and touched my cheek, she withdrew it showing me I was bleeding.

"We need to clean you up a bit."

She helped me up and led me into the showers. Gently, she washed me down. She soaped me up and washed me and helped me towel off.

"How you getting home?"

"Walk down to the station, then train."

"I don't know, Jim, you don't look like you'll make it. My mum's coming to pick me up. She's a nurse, I think she should look you over. We can give you a lift to yours afterwards. It's only fair after yesterday."

"Okay."

We gathered our clothes up. Apparently because of yesterday's problems, the girls' coach had let Carly get changed with her team. We walked out to the car park naked, hand in hand. Carly's mum picked us up inside the school, so we couldn't put our clothes on.

Carly explained about me to her mum, who was happy to help out.

Me and Carly sat in the back seat, I was giving her a recap of the game, she seemed impressed.

We got to her house and her mum got me to lie down, still naked, on the sofa. Some prodding and swearing later, she determined that there was nothing actually broken, just badly bruised. She suggested that I take some of her very strong painkillers and have a lie-down. I phoned home and told them I may be late home.

I woke up at 9 o'clock, in Carly's double bed with her sitting at a desk doing her homework.

"How do you feel?"

"I can't feel my ribs, I can't feel that much actually. I suppose that's good."

"It's great. Look, it's late and you haven't eaten; want to come down for some tea?"

"Great!"

I found moving much easier than it had been, some of my leg joints hurt, but the painkillers were doing their job. I was still naked, but so was Carly. I had the feeling that she wanted to get changed but didn't want to make me feel left out. Her mum seemed to be okay with it. Her dad didn't live with them and she didn't have any other family.

We had pork chops (so, I'm a very lax Jew!) and veg, followed by ice cream. It was pretty nice. By the time we were finished it was verging on 10. I explained where I lived, it would be at least an hour round trip for them and Carly's mum suggested it would be better for everybody if I stayed here.

Carly was delighted with that and I can't say I was displeased.

I phoned home again, and then we watched a little bit of TV. It was an old Red Dwarf episode, before it went crap. Me and Carly were sitting together, naked and laughing, something I discovered was very painful. She cuddled up to me. By 10.45, she said we needed to get ready for bed. There was not a lot for either of us to do to get ready; we'd both had showers and stuff.

"Well, the spare bedroom is at the end of the corridor, but I'd prefer it if you stayed with me. I want to take care of you for yesterday, and reward you for your win."

She kissed me on the landing. It seemed that we were there for minutes, but she quickly dragged me inside her room, turning off the light as we went.

We both got into her bed and she leaned over and kissed me again. Her fingers were gently running small circles around my chest.

I shuffled down a bit, holding her breast and bringing it to my mouth. Another new taste. I sucked and pulled on her nipple with my teeth, she was panting gently.

I felt her hand around my cock. Forceful, sharp, pumping movements, I guess she wasn't as experienced as the other girls, but I wasn't going to fault the effort. My hand traced its way down her skin, feeling the unblemished hot skin that wrapped around her gentle curves. Her pussy was wet, I tried to find my way inside but she stopped me. I guess she had other ideas.

I rolled onto her, feeling the pain in my side as I did so. She took my dick and aimed it straight at the sweet spot. Taking my lead from her, I moved toward and felt her surround me. Slowly I started to move, every thrust from my tired legs brought me closer to her and brought tears to my eyes from my aching ribs.

I had a rhythm now and she was responding, driving her hips up to meet my thrusts, synchronised, together. Fingers clawing my back, nails digging in as she threw her head back as I sped up, pumping away, pain was no longer an issue, nothing was, it was just a pussy and a cock, two lovers coming together.

I pulled back, all the way out then went back in, too quickly and she went, with a scream. She flopped back onto her pillows. I was left inside her, hard, needing.

I pulled out, took her hand and started to wank myself with it. It only took a matter of seconds before I came over her chest. I lay myself down on top of her, feeling my hot seed squelch between our two bodies.

We kissed, another long, mind-blowing kiss, this time after mind-blowing sex. I rolled off with a wince and curled up next to her, her arm around me as I drifted away.
