I'm Sameer . This is my first experience after reading all the
stories iam publishing the my experience witn my mother my mom name
is fatima she is 40D sized cup round ass and wide waist looks like
typical Indian muslim


. My mother (Umma as we call her) is a beautiful lady. She is 37 now
and I am 18. Girls in the Northern part of Kerala get married at a
very young age. My mother is whitish, with good sized boobs and
bottom. I get excited by her breasts and plump buttocks. She dresses
very casually at home and sometimes doesn't wear any bra underneath
her blouse. Once when she wore a cream colored blouse I could make
out the outlines of her areolas of her breasts. And I use to
masturbate of imagining her imd.


My father works in Dubai. At night I sleep with my mother in the
bedroom as she is afraid of sleeping alone. I lie close to her often
putting my arms over her and she doesn't mind it. Umma removes her
sari and wears only her blouse and petticoat while sleeping. While
my father comes from Dubai, she sleeps with him. A few months after
my father came mother became pregnant. Around this time father took
a few months leave from Dubai and we all moved into a new apartment.
The new apartment had only one bed room. My father and mother slept
on one bed and I use to sleep at the hall on the mattress in the
floor. My younger sister was born in October. While my mother breast
fed the baby, I saw the full breasts of my mom. Those milk pots
excited me. One night as I was sleeping, the baby woke up and
started crying. Mom woke up and unbuttoned the blouse and started
feeding the baby.after seeing ummas breast my penis instantly got
erected At this time father got up from the bed and went to the
bathroom and returned. I lay motionless on the mattress. Father sat
on the bed next to mom and watched her feed the baby. Mother
teasingly asked father whether he too was hungry.


Mom, then put the baby on the cradle and rocked it till my sister
slept. Then she returned to the bed and switched off the bed lamp.
In the faint light I saw my father moving towards my mother. He
placed his hand on her belly and moved upwards. On reaching the
blouse he started to caress the breasts. He started unhooking the
blouse buttons and then mom got up and helped father to remove the
blouse. Father took one nipple in his mouth and started sucking
while he played with the other breast. Mom let out a soft moan. I
got very excited. I was only a few feet away from all this action. I
could hear the moans from of my papa and my loving mother. They must
have assumed that I was asleep. I held my breath and waited for more
action.


My father then untied the knot of moms petticoat and slid it down
her leg. Then he tore off his lungi. He then moved down the bed and
put his head between my moms thighs. I was unable to make out what
he was doing there. Mom seemed very excited during this period. He
started rubbing this place vigorously and mom started making
a 'OOOOHHHHH' sound. Father then crept over her body and started
kissing mom all over the face, neck and chest. After all this
kissing he got up from the bed, pulled mom towards the edge of the
bed, spread her legs apart and slowly pushed his penis into her
cunt. At the first time mom complained of some pain, father then
took some thing from the shelf and applied it on his penis and
between moms thighs and said to mom 'Now it will be fine' and slowly
inserted his penis into her. Slowly he started it ramming in and out
and I heard the 'plop plop' sound along with mothers soft 'AAAHHH
AAAAHHH' moans. Mom started moaning wildly as father increased
speed. After sometime father stopped pumping and took his thing out
of her cunt and mom started to fiddle with it. Later both went to
the bathroom and returned after about half an hour.


Next morning mom was very cheerful. I waited for more action in the
next couple of days, but I was disappointed. i had a very good
sessions in my dreams fucking my mom

A few weeks later my father left for Dubai. Mother seemed itchy
after he left. I continued to sleep with mother in the same bed. One
night, after dinner I was helping my mom and . My baby sister
started crying. Mom took the baby, Asked me to hold her for a
minute. She then removed the part of the sari over her breast and
started opening the blouse buttons. I got an immediate erection. She
then took the baby and started feeding her. My mind was away from
the work and I wanted to see her nipples. She caught me staring at
her breasts and she did'nt seem to mind. She asked me "Finished
you're the work". I nodded and went to bed and lay down there. After
putting the baby in the cradle, mom came to the bed and lay next to
me. I put one leg over her body and she came close to me and
asked "What is it, Sameer ? " She then turned towards me. It was
then I noticed that her blouse was partially open in the front. I
could see a nipple. She caught me again staring at her breast. She
smiled and asked me. " Do you too want my milk". I blushed. Slowly
she pulled up one side of her blouse and exposed one of her breast
completely and said to me" The baby is not taking enough milk these
days. My breasts feel very sore" and started squeezing her nipple. A
drop of milk emerged.


I placed my hand on her breast and asked "Is it painful ?" She
said " A bit" I couldn't wait for long. I placed my mouth on the
nipple and started sucking. OHH MAA. Sweet warm milk filled my
mouth. This is not a dream ... I thought. I asked her can call tou
in your name she readily accepected Fatima then asked me to wait,
while she removed her blouse. Now two full breasts waited in front
of me to be sucked. I played with one while I sucked the other.
Fatima (mom) seemed happy. Meanwhile my penis was erect like a
baton. It was poking on Fatima (mom). She said 'Sameer, what do you
have there in your shorts, Let me see ". mom slid down the shorts
and was quick to hold on my erect member. Mom started pushing its
skin up and down. Mom then slid down her petty coat and lay naked on
the bed. She spread out her legs and I saw the unshaven pussy. She
took my head and place it over her pussy. I inserted my finger into
the hole and moved it in and out. Soon juices started flowing out
her cunt. Mom got up again, raised her bottom a bit and placed a
small pillow below her bottom and lay over it and spread over her
legs. She then asked me to climb over her and helped me to insert me
prick into her hole. Her hands guided by inexperienced shaft into
her hole. It went into the hole easily. I could feel the warm cunt
walls. Then she slowly pushed me back and forth. I finally got the
rhythm and pushed the penis in and out of the wet hole. Mom was wild
with excitement. Meanwhile I played with her full breasts. I
couldn't hold out for long and I pumped the entire cum inside her.


Next time I was able to hold out for more time. Over the next few
days mom gave me lots of new experiences. She took my organ in her
mouth and licked me to ecstacy. I licked her cunt until she was
satisfied on another night. I showed her a picture of a girl being
fucked through her anus. Mom agreed to try out this one also.
Initially it was very painful. But she mastered the act in no time
and took me into new heights of ecstacy.


She says that she won't get pregnant anymore since she is taking
pills. I like to satisfy my mothers needs. still we do our show
daily. me, my mom and my friend we three share the bed its an
different story after your feedback I will post my another
experience Any mom lovers or fantasying about mom/aunties mail me
and any moms, aunties who need to be satisfied can contact me at
ready2samshow@...




