Authors note:
Though this story has a kernel of truth, it has been greatly exaggerated. In the current age with our current mores, parents would probably get done if it was discovered they let their kids watch them having sex. If need be take this as a warning.

Story codes - MF, exhib, voyeur, b mast


Watching 2 - Winter's First Watch

My return from boarding school to a few brief weeks of family life in December was approached with an anticipation that extended to beyond what lay beneath a plastic conifer. In the months of my absence my parents would have been devoid of the need for any lascivious discretion. Early in that break my hopes were rewarded by a most satisfying display. It was about 10pm when mum sent me up stairs to have a bath then bed, I thought little of it though mum and dad were already snuggling up to each other, as I headed up. Quickly the sound of the telly and any thing else for that matter was drowned out by the running water and my ablations.

I emerged from the steamy chamber cleaner in body but not of mind. Immediately the sound of mum's giggling stood out. It wasn't all that late, and my parents must have known I was still up, so I couldn't really be sure what was going on. Holding the towel in front of me, I stepped softly down the stairs and peered into the sitting room. My parents had abandoned the sofa in favor of the bean bag that I had been sat on before I went for my bath; mum laid there on her back her head towards me and her house coat open, discarded black knickers on the floor. Dad was naked and astride her, facing me but looking down intent on the play. 

With one hand he guided his erect cock over mum's breasts the other hand out of view to me reached behind him. Mum seemed to push her hips upward towards his hand. As he flicked over her tits, mum laughed and giggled like a school girl sticking out her tongue to touch and lick the tip. 

I watched him ease him self forward and lay his member between mum's breasts, she then pushed them together gripping him at which point dad began to push his hips back and forth his uncut foreskin rode over his knob. Entranced I suddenly realized that instead of peering round the door frame I was now standing openly in the door way. Dad looked up as directly at me, I almost bid a retreat back up the stairs. He looked down at mum.

"Boys here," her he mentioned almost off handedly. 
"Don't stop" mum panted. 

She craned her head back to look at me, and stuck her tongue out like an insolent girl. Looking back at dad she moaned loudly as she bucked her hips upward. At this point I dropped the towel. My free hand was already playing with my self. Unsure as weather to enter the room, I sat in the door way back against the frame. This afforded a slightly better view. After a few more thrusts between mum's tits dad eased him self off her and motioned her to get off the bean bag. As mum rolled off onto all fours she slipped out of her house coat while dad lay back on the bean bag his cock standing hard and proud. I looked full onto mum's round rump her bush and pinkness clearly moist. Crawling round she positioned her self along side dad and taking hold of him, she started to kiss his ample middle before her mouth alighted on his man hood. As she began to lick and suck, I could see dad reach round to her rump and ease a finger into her moistness. Now barely 2 or 3 feet in front of me dad fingered mum making her wriggle and writhe. Who, while still intent on her own oral ministrations, was moaning and grunting with pleasure. As dad fingers, touched stroked and delved with skill borne of practice, mums legs spread further apart, the brown ring of her anus became clearly visible. Easing three fingers inside her he began working his hand swiftly back and forth. At the same time mums head began to bob even faster. 

"That's it suck me, oh god yes feels so fucking good." gasped dad, this was no hushed tone from a parent trying not to wake sleeping kids during hidden passion, but a clear statement.

Now dad began to push his hips towards mum, with out stopping or pausing mum moved her moist nether regions over dad's face her knees near his shoulders, dad spread her rump wider and buried her face in her crotch licking hungrily.

While my parents moved rhythmically in their intense conjoined pleasure. I watched and masturbated, my legs spread wide, almost dizzy from the bursting pressure of my own arousal. As the passion continued to build, my own tension strained ever harder. Mum swiftly dismounted dad, she rolled on to the floor next to me and spread her legs. 

"Fuck me now" she yelled

Dad wasted no time and was kneeling between her legs; mum reached forward and guided him in then lifted her legs, willing him deeper. As dad began his pounding the bodies pressed closer as the heal each other kissing with a raging desire. When their lips parted mum moaned louder than I had heard before, though their proximity may well have contributed. She grabbed dad's buttocks pulling him deeper into her, willing him on urging him to fill her as they rolled to crescendo, moans became screams and grunts ran to bellows. Their final release almost in sync was even to me like watching a wave. With final thrusts dad emptied himself into her, soon after mum climaxed screaming and digging her fingers hard into dad's buttocks, eventually she relaxed though continued to twitch with what she called the wonderful aftershocks.

Then they simply lay there in each others arms the breaths becoming softer. Slowly as he softened dad slipped out of mum releasing, from her a brief sticky white flow onto the carpet. He lifted him self off her then flopped onto the floor alongside. Playfully mum ran her fingers over his sticky softening cock, and then made a sow of licking them clean. Finally she got to her knees to retrieve her house coat, as she turned, her rump came within inches of my face, her womanhood, and red, deeply moist, labia still parted her pubes matted with pale pearls of dad's passion. 

As for my self I had come to a mostly dry surge, and felt as if my head was spinning.

Starting to wipe her self with a corner of her robe mum placed a hand on my shoulder.

"Shows over, off to bed with you"

I looked to dad and saw him wink and smile.

I lay in bed listening to the first murmurs of a follow on performance; I realized that there could no longer be any pretence or avoidance. From now on I wouldn't try to hide when I watched. As I drifted off to sleep mum's now softer moans carried through the house. 
