
Mary Begins Her Training

Written by Jappio   
Wednesday, 12 August 2009 00:00
Mary wandered back to her cabin. This last run of hers was a thrill. She thought that this whole thing would actually be lots of fun. She arrived at the cabin and went in.
No one was there, but more importantly, nothing was there. She started looking everywhere for her stuff, but there was no sign of them. Jenny and Julie must have gotten all the stuff.
She now wasn’t sure about this new hobby of hers. Instead of all the fun feelings of freedom and adventure she experienced, she could only remember the shame and embarrassment. She was now remembering the kids teasing her. She was also now remembering the strongest feeling she felt on her day of forced exhibitionism - fear.
Just then the door opened and she freaked. She actually screamed loudly and thought about how and where to run away. The door closed and she heard someone tell her to settle down. It was just Jenny.
Mary was so freaked out by Jenny’s sudden entrance, that she felt faint. Her emotions jumped way too much in the last few moments.
“I see someone is a real go getter,” Jenny mocked. “I didn’t think you’d be so willing to get naked.”
“You scared me half to death. Why didn’t you knock?”
“Well, remembering from when I first started, just the knocking at the door would have scared me half to death,” Jenny explained. Mary figured Jenny was right. Mary’s nerves were very sensitive at the moment.
“Well, I think I am done trying this for now. Do you think you could get me something to wear from my stuff, or get my clothes from the showers?” Mary asked Jenny.
“Well we have the stuff in the trunk, and it’s packed in there tight. I would get the stuff at the showers, but I have to get back to Julie, she is waiting for us,” Jenny explained.
“Well I need my stuff. I can’t go out naked,” Mary complained.
“That didn’t stop you before,” Jenny said as she walked out the door.
Mary was speechless. Jenny just walked off leaving her there. She figured that the car was closer than the showers, and there would be more people near the showers by now. She ran out the door and quickly caught up to Jenny.
“Can I at least have something you are wearing?” Mary begged.
“As fun as it would be to get undressed, that wouldn’t be a good learning experience for you, anyways you need to be punished a little. You woke us up with your early morning routine. Since we couldn’t get back to sleep, we decided we could at least get ready to leave before everyone else would,” Jenny told Mary.
“Fine,” Mary said in defeat.
She was hunched over, trying to hide behind Jenny. No one was around the area. The other people probably were packing. They got out to the parking lot, and they headed for the car. When they got there they found Julie sitting on the hood of the car, waiting for Mary and Jenny to arrive.
“Well just great Jenny. I thought I said to make sure we didn’t forget anything,” Julie joked referring to Mary having no clothes.
“I left them at the showers, could one of you go get them?” Mary asked them.
“We’ll both go, you wait here.” Julie said as she hopped off the car and went with Jenny.
Mary was relieved she could get dressed soon. She went over to the door to open it, but she couldn’t. The doors were all locked. She didn’t even care about waiting in the car; she just wanted to get the trunk open to get her clothes. That was not going to happen though, because all the doors were locked.
She hid between the cars, and waited for them to return. When they got back they had her clothes in their hands and Julie unlocked the doors and got in the driver’s seat.
“Hey guys! You left the doors locked! I couldn’t get in, and can I please have my clothes,” Mary yelled at them.
“Oh, sorry about the door, it was an accident, sorry,” Julie explained sincerely.
“How about we keep your clothes though, you can ride like that,” Jenny explained as she got in the passenger seat. Jenny had the clothes and put them in the glove box of the car.
“Please, I really just want to get dressed. This is too much for me.” Mary complained.
“Well just get in and we’ll give you some clothes.” Julie said as she started the car.
Mary quickly got into the back seat and they drove off. Jenny then handed back a button up blouse. Mary put it on and waited for more, but none came.
Mary sat there thinking about the weekend. They were on the road that she herself had been naked on just a few nights ago. She was day dreaming for awhile, not able to get off her mind that she was bottomless in this car.
She had her hands covering up her private area, even though probably only Jenny and Julie would be able to see.
“So, what do you plan to do for the rest of the summer Mary?” Julie asked wanting to make small talk.
It took awhile for Mary to realize she was talking to her. “Well I guess I might just relax and hang out, school is still a month away,” she answered.
“That’s boring, you need to do stuff, and we want you to have fun.” Jenny said.
“Yeah, why just relax? We’re going to put you through a whole lot of fun adventures while we still can.” Julie added.
“I don’t know, that all seems like its going to be hard, I don’t know if I will be able to get use to the chances of being seen naked.” Mary said, unsure of the whole thing.
“What do you mean? You seem to be doing just fine now. Here you are naked in a car, on the freeway, and you are just sitting there.” Julie laughed.
When Mary heard this, she was shocked that she hadn’t realized they were no longer on the forest road. She instantly covered up and tried to crawl into a ball.
“Why didn’t you guys tell me we’re on the road?!” Mary yelled at them.
“Why didn’t you notice? It doesn’t matter, no one is out on the road yet, it’s still early.” Jenny explained.
They continued on quietly for awhile, until Mary couldn’t stand being quiet any longer.
“Can I please have some clothes?” Mary asked.
“I’m sure you don’t actually want any, just relax and get use to it.” Jenny told her.
“How do you guys do this stuff? It seems so difficult, but you talk like it is easy, and you’ve done harder.” Mary asked.
“Well it’s not easy, but we have done a lot. The thing is though you are new to this, which also makes it hard to know what you like about it.”
“Isn’t it just all nude stuff?” Mary asked.
“Not exactly, take Julie here; she much more prefers getting fully naked and likes to go anywhere she can that way. Although, if there’s too much of a chance of being caught she won’t do that. She also can’t stand to wear panties.
Me though, I love panties, and I’m not into the fully nude thing. I like the feel of some clothes, but that doesn’t mean I don’t like exposure. Sure, a run through a field naked is nice, but I like it with more thrills.
Now, put me in a very short skirt with some people around on a windy day, that’s what I like. I am more into the anticipation of being seen.
Now, don’t go thinking I just like to get seen naked or anything. I like more so the situation of it all. I like the idea of ‘accidentally’ getting my skirt caught in a doorway.
I’ve done flashing and stuff, but it’s not as good as something that appears out of my hands. When it is out of my hands though, I go wild. Julie of course knows this and will pants me whenever she pleases because she knows I like it. So a lot of this depends on preference.”
“Wow.” Was all Mary could say at first, “I don’t think I like any of those. I prefer my clothes, but I prefer not having my underwear or naked body shown off to people, neither of your ways seems right.”
“I’m sure you’ll know what you like after a few tests.”
“Tests?!” Mary asked as they suddenly stopped somewhere. She looked out the window and saw they were parked in a small parking lot. There were trees around it and it came right off the highway. There were three paths leading into the woods.
“Ok, let’s get out and go.” Julie said as she turned off the car and got out.
“Wait I need to get dressed.” Mary complained.
“You can get dressed out here.” Jenny told her.
“No, not out in front of the freeway.” Mary said not making any signs of moving.
“Fine you baby.” Jenny joked as she reached into the glove compartment and pulled out some clothes and threw them back near Mary. Mary got dressed as Jenny got out of the car.
All Mary had though was a button up blouse and a skirt. She got them on and got out.
“Can’t I have some underwear?” Mary asked.
“You could, but do you really need them?” Julie said going towards a trail.
"Well, I don't feel right without them." Mary said meekly.
"Ok, but with them you wont make much progress." Jenny explained, as the two walked off.
Mary was thankful the skirt wasn’t short, and the blouse didn’t really allow any way to tell that she was braless. The path was labeled entrance so she figured they wouldn’t run into anyone. She saw a single car parked there and thought everything would be ok.
She knew that this all had to be some plan of theirs. She was afraid she’d have to walk naked down the paths; that she might be abandoned; or forced to stand naked, legs spread, waiting for anyone to walk by. Her mind continued to conjure up horrible scenarios, and she hadn’t realized that Julie was trying to get her attention.
“Hey, you ready for the first test.”
“What?” She said panicky.
“We are going to find out what you like. Now, what we are going to do is test to see how you do with as little clothing as you can. I want you to roll up your skirt, and unbutton a few shirt buttons, like this.” Jenny said as she took the waistband of her skirt and rolled it up so it was now only about 2 inches below the bottom of her butt.
Mary was hesitant, but did the same, but left about 5 inches below her butt. She then unbuttoned the bottom two buttons and one of the top ones.
“That won’t do, here do more.” Jenny said as she left only two buttons left buttoned on her shirt.
She went over and rolled Mary’s skirt up to about 2 and half inches below her butt. It was hard for Jenny to do since Mary tried to move away. Jenny stopped when she moved away, but Mary thought for a second and walked back in front of her. Mary wasn’t use to having someone adjust her clothes the way Jenny was. Jenny then left Mary with only three buttons on her shirt.
“Ok, that’s better.”
“I don’t know about this.” Mary said trying to hold the skirt down.
In the struggle with Jenny, the skirt became unevenly rolled up, and wasn’t perfectly straight on her. After the adjustments she was finally as decent she could get without having Jenny or Julie yell at her.
“Ok for this test we don’t want you to try and hold anything together. No touching the skirt or the shirt.”
“I don’t know.” Mary said.
With only three buttons Mary was sure anyone would be able to tell she had no bra. She could also see that Jenny didn’t have the same view on bras as she did panties.
Every now and again the wind would blow and lift up their skirts. Julie wasn’t wearing a skirt, just pants so she had no problem. Jenny did nothing to fight it and you could see her light blue panties every time.
Mary though, always tried to hold it down, and she would then get disappointed stares at her for doing so. She eventually learned that she shouldn’t do it, and was able to not hold it down.
Then in the distance Mary saw something she was shocked at. A twenty-some year old guy came running towards them. Mary wondered why someone was going that way on the path. She was scared the wind would come and then this guy would see below her skirt. She was begging that the wind would stay calm as he passed.
Her hands then began to move by themselves. She held down her skirt. She tried to tell herself not too, but she couldn't help it. The guy ran by with a wave and that was all. There was no wind, no problems, but Mary didn't feel that way. She felt like she did something wrong. Jenny and Julie though, weren't giving her that stare they had been doing giving her before.
They continued along their way, and she once again allowed her skirt to fly with the wind. She was getting use to it, at least with no one around.
"Hey, I think I see the perfect place for the next test!" Jenny said as she ran up the path. Julie soon followed and Mary wondered what they were up to. Up ahead she saw some restrooms.
When they got there Jenny looked excited. "Ok I have a really cool idea. Ok watch what I do." she said excited as she walked over to the door and went inside.
She then held her skirt out and then closed the door. Her skirt now was stuck in the door.
"See, now I'm stuck, but the door can be opened." she said as she opened the door. She then closed the door again and this time, she wasn't able to open the door. "Now I must get out of my skirt to get unstuck from the door."
"I'm guessing you've done this before?" Mary said a little worried since she could guess what was to happen next.
"Yes, a few times. It's a good one. So how about you do this and we wait for someone to come along and help." Jenny said really cheerfully.
"I can't just have people see me bottomless!" Mary shouted. "I'm not doing this."
"Who said you'd be bottomless?" Julie said as she pulled out a pair of panties from her pocket.
"You mean I can wear those?" Mary said hoping she'd finally get some underwear back.
"These are mine, and I can give them if I want. If you do this door thing, then I'll let you wear these for it." Julie offered.
Mary had to think for a few seconds. She wasn't sure if she could do this. To have someone see her in her panties, well Julie's panties, but the point was the same. However, she would then be able to wear them, and not have to go without anything under her skirt.
She saw that Jenny and Julie really wanted her to do this dare. She also assumed that the panties would be like a bathing suit bottom, and she would be able to hide.
"I'll do it."
"Great, now put these on and then we will get you stuck." Julie said handing her the panties.
Mary put them on and they fit fine.
They tried multiple times to get Mary stuck in the door. Mary had a horrible time staying still. She was not used to having someone touching her clothes like that. Their hands were all over her skirt. She kept feeling their skin against her legs and her sides. Finally they were able to get her stuck pretty well.
“Let’s just hope whoever comes by doesn’t decide to just try pulling, because I don’t think this will hold too well. We should explain that we tried tugging her out. Maybe that will make it fine. I hope you can do a good job of acting embarrassed.” Jenny went on to say as she stood back to see their handy work.
Mary was now stuck there, with the left side of her skirt jammed in the bathroom door. She couldn’t really seem to get loose on her own, but she didn’t want to struggle too much either.
She then started to realize what she was about to do. At any moment someone would come by, and catch her like this. She would then have to flash them her panties. She started to squirm. She didn’t know what to do.
Mary then reached down to try to make sure her skirt was straight and covering. She then felt a tingle between her legs, and she didn’t know why. Jenny and Julie seemed to be discussing something so she quick put a hand under her skirt. Her panties were beginning to get wet! She was panicking now. She didn’t want to be discovered like this.
“Julie, um I have a problem…” she told Julie who came over.
“Is there a problem? You’re not going to tell me you want to quit.” She said giving her a sad face.
“I was wondering if, um well it’s about the panties…” Mary started to say.
Mary really couldn’t seem to tell Julie. She was far to embarrassed to admit that she had gotten so horny to have gotten the panties wet.
“Don’t worry, they cover fine, they are pretty basic.” Julie assured her, assuming she may be worried about them not covering well enough.
Mary didn’t know what to do. If she didn’t say anything then the two of them and some stranger would see, but she couldn’t bring herself to admit it verbally, that would be too much.
They waited there for quite a while until finally Julie saw someone coming. They quickly got into their planned positions. Mary was scared. She didn’t know if she could do it anymore.
She looked over and saw it wasn’t just one stranger, but two. It looked like a girl and a guy, about 19 each. They were probably a couple Mary figured. She didn’t even consider that multiple people may come to help. They walked over to see what was up.
“Hey could you help us, our friend seems to have had an accident.” Jenny asked them.
“It looks like her skirt is stuck in the door.” The girl said getting closer.
“Yeah, we can’t seem to get it open. It’s hard to get a good grip on the handle.” Julie explained showing that Mary was in the way.
“How can we help?” the guy asked. He seemed to be pretty polite.
“Well maybe you can try to open the door, but first we have to get her out the way. We can’t ruin the skirt.”
“I don’t know guys; maybe this is a bad idea.” Mary whispered to them. She was being honest, she wanted out from this thing. She wanted them to just leave. Yet she couldn’t do anything.
She thought about asking for them to give her privacy, and to tell the couple their help wouldn’t be needed. Yet something kept her from acting on those ideas.
“Mary, let me get you out of this thing.” Julie said stepping next to Mary. Mary’s heart was pounding, she couldn’t say anything, she was too afraid now. Mary undid the button in the front of the skirt, and the skirt lowered a bit on Mary’s hips. She then realized this would be even worse now. She forgot that she would have to somehow step out of the skirt.
“I’ll give you a lift to help.” Jenny said coming over to Mary. Jenny then placed her hand in Mary’s armpits and proceeded to try and lift her out of the skirt. Mary shrieked when she attempted this, she wasn’t ready to be exposed.
She didn’t want to be seen with just the panties, but she also didn’t want anyone to see the wet spot that surely had grown. Julie then came over to help since Jenny couldn’t do it herself.
Mary was incredibly red in the face. Here she was being lifted out of her skirt by her friends, with these two strangers watching. She couldn’t cover up with them lifting her like this.
Julie had her arms rapped around her waste, but didn’t stand in the way of her panties. Jenny was equally no help. Soon they had her feet through the skirt and they put Mary down.
Mary’s first reaction was to cover up the front her panties with both hands. She then faced the opposite direction of all of them. She was so embarrassed she had yet to realize that covering her front didn’t really help when she was exposing her back to them.
The girl just giggled at the whole thing. The guy just had a smile. The guy went to work on the door while the girl started to talk to Jenny and Julie about various things. Mary though was so confused what to do.
She had realized that she shouldn’t have turned around and decided to hide behind Jenny and Julie. She listened in on the conversation. They weren’t talking about much, but when the girl realized Mary was listening she changed the subject to her.
“Oh I feel so bad for you, how horribly embarrassing for something like this to happen to you.” She said sincerely
“Uh…” was all Mary could say, she was much too embarrassed to actually say any words. She just looked down to the ground.
“Don’t feel too bad, at least you had panties.” The girl said trying to console her.
“Yeah, imagine what it would be like without any.” Julie said, but the way she said it made Mary shiver.
“I’ve got it.” The guy said walking over to them. Mary quickly readjusted her hands, to make sure they were covering her properly. She tried her best to use Julie and Jenny as shields; of course they didn’t stay too still.
“Oh, aren’t you just a Mr. Fixit.” The girl said going by him.
“Sorry it took so long. I made sure though to not damage it.”
“Thanks a lot. Right, Mary?” Jenny said turning to Mary.
“Yes… thank you… very much.” Mary said, having a hard time talking to him. Every time she tried to look him in the eyes she kept turning away.
“Sweetie, give her the skirt back, you are making her feel really embarrassed.” The girl said nudging the guy in the arm.
“Oh right, sorry.” The guy said forgetting it. He was going to hand it to Mary, but Jenny quickly snatched it herself.
“Thanks again.” Jenny said as the two of them went off.
“That was horrible, just horrible.” Mary said as she sat against a tree on the ground.
“I think you liked it.” Julie joked.
“No, I didn’t, now can I get dressed.”
“You are.” Jenny said.
“No, I need the skirt. A deal is a deal.” Mary argued as she stood up grabbing at the skirt.
Jenny just pulled the skirt away before Mary could get a hold of it. “You don’t need it, and the skirt isn’t part of the deal. We said you get the panties, we didn’t say anything about the skirt.”
“Yeah, you owe me for the ruined panties anyways.” Julie said smiling.
“Ruined…?” Mary didn’t understand what she meant; she looked down to look and was shocked. She could see the big wet spot she had made, she quickly covered it up.
“Told you, you liked it.” Julie joked.
“So, I think we can make a deal though. We will give you the skirt, but you have to give us the panties, and your shirt. So, go topless, or parade in your wet panties?” Jenny asked.
“I can’t go topless, keep the skirt!” Mary yelled. She then started to walk off on the trail. She couldn’t believe what they were doing. She couldn’t just go around without a top on, even if it meant being seen in panties. She still had her hand over her panties. She could still feel the wet spot.
Jenny and Julie didn’t start walking yet. They just stood there watching Mary. Mary stopped. She thought about what she might look like, having nothing below the waste except for some panties with her hand there. She’d look like she was doing something other than a normal nature walk.
Without her hand there, well she didn’t want to take her hand away in the first place. She liked it there, it felt good. She was shocked at what she was thinking.
She tried to get those thoughts out of her head. She knew there were better reasons to not move her hand. Someone would see her wet spot she told herself.
She looked back and saw the two of them looking. They looked like they were waiting for her to come back. “They don’t expect me to come crawling back to make the deal? Do they really expect me to do this?” She thought to herself.
She then found herself walking back. She didn’t completely want to, but something about walking around topless here sounded almost fun.
“Hey back to make the deal?” Jenny asked.
“Would it be possible to do the deal, but instead I can wear the shirt, just have it unbuttoned, and I’ll even roll the skirt up a bit.” Mary tried to bargain.
“That wouldn’t be much different from before, and who said we were testing you. You do owe us some clothing.” Julie explained.
“I guess, I’m sorry about that.” Mary said. She was now starting to feel a little ashamed. She then started to unbutton the shirt she was wearing.
“Hey it’s ok, don’t worry, we’ll be even now, we aren’t mad, we understand.” Jenny said trying to console her.
Mary got the buttons done and now was slowly slipping it off. She soon had the shirt down around her wrists, and it was fully revealing her breasts. She took it off and handed it to Julie. She was quick to use both arms immediately after to cover up her exposed breasts.
“Well, nice to know you can make a deal, now give me the panties.” Julie said holding out her hand for the panties.
“Figured I wouldn’t be allowed the skirt first,” Mary said with a sigh.
She took one hand and tried to slide the panties down. They only go to her knees and got tangled up. She had to expose her breasts fully to get them off her legs.
She then handed it to Julie and quickly grabbed the skirt. She put it on as fast as she could and went back to covering her breasts.
“See not too bad, now I guess we should head back.” Jenny said walking off. Julie and Mary followed.
Mary was on edge now. It was just getting later in the day, and unlike before, if she would be seen, she would be seen in her state of undress. She didn’t feel comfortable, she felt scared. She now though, did feel more excited than before.
The risk was driving her mind crazy. She was scared, excited, curious, and horny. She didn’t want to admit it, but she could feel her hard nipples under her arm. She knew she liked this, but at the same time hated it.
She didn’t know if she wanted to do this. Was she doing this to make her friends happy? Was she doing this for fun? Was there a good reason for this? Thinking about all this, and what had already happened, she could feel a bit of wetness between her legs as she walked.
She was pretty distracted, she couldn’t recall if Jenny and Julie had been talking at all. She reminded herself she had to pay attention, she couldn’t loose track of where she was.
She walked on with them, with no signs of any other people. She was almost tempted to drop her arms, but she didn’t feel she should.
They were approaching a corner, but Mary saw something. She looked across to where it lead, and saw two girls talking to each other. She panicked. They weren’t moving, but she would have to walk past the two of them.
“Guys, um those girls there, we can’t have them see me.”
“Oh don’t be worried, they look like they would be cool with it.” Jenny said.
“I’m sure we could just explain to them you lost a bet.” Julie offered.
“I could use the shirt actually.” Mary said.
“You sure you want to end the fun.” Julie joked.
Mary saw the shirt in Julie’s hand still. She quickly grabbed it and started to put it on.
“Fine, you can have it, if you aren’t ready then.”
“Oh and it was just about to get good too.”
“Sorry.” Mary said quietly. She felt bad she was letting them down, but she couldn’t just flaunt her nude chest in front of these girls. She got the shirt buttoned up and they reached the corner.
The two girls paid no attention to them as they passed. Mary couldn’t help but think what may have happened if she had done it topless.
Not much happened after that, they reached the car and drove off. They talked about stuff, and about the whole adventure. Mary still felt bad about what she had done.
“Guys, you aren’t mad for what I did, you know, Putting the shirt back on.” Mary confessed. She did feel bad for not going through with it the whole way.
“It’s fine; you are new to this stuff.” Jenny said.
“I still feel I should make it up to you guys.” Mary explained
“Well it’s not for us, this is for you.”
“Well I want to make it up to myself then.” Mary said. She was actually wanting to do something more. She almost wished she had walked past those girls topless, almost though. “I just don’t want to expose my breasts.”
“Well then, I think I have an idea.” Jenny said. “You guys up for some food?”
“Yeah, sure, but, what about the idea”, Mary asked.
“You don’t want to expose your chest, well how about your booty, a mooning!” Jenny told her.
“That sounds great. Let me guess, the good old moon the drive through guy.”
“Yep, so how does it sound Mary? Are you up for this? This might just finish off your hunger for today.”
“I guess I’ll try it. So how does this work though?” Mary said. She wasn’t 100% sure she wanted to do this, but she did want to do it.
“Well what we do is order our food. We pay and get the food. What you do though is this. Before we leave, you turn around and stick you butt against the window, mooning them. All you have to do is lift up your skirt. Before they can do anything we are driving off. No real risk.” Julie finished explaining.
“Ok, I can do this I guess. Let me see if I can actually do this though.” Mary said.
She unbuckled her seat belt and she got onto the seat, kneeling and facing away from her window. She then lifted her skirt and pressed her butt against the window. “Did I do ok?”
“Well I’d say you should do it a little faster, but that looks good to me.” Julie said as Mary sat back down.
“We have a place coming up soon, anything you guys want to eat specifically.”
“Oh get me anything to drink, and two burgers.” Julie told her.
“I’ll have some fries, a shake, and a salad I guess.” Mary let her know. She wasn’t quite hungry anymore; she was getting butterflies in her stomach. She was going back to being scared, but the closer they got, the more excited she got too.
They pulled up and there were a few other cars in line. Jenny gave the orders and started going. “Now don’t go chickening out, we aren’t going to go to a different place just because you froze up.” Jenny warned Mary.
They soon approached the window and some guy who looked younger than Mary took the money for the food. He returned with change and the drinks. Mary now had to get ready, she would have to do it fast, she knew.
She pulled her knees to her chest and placed her feet on the seat so she could quickly turn. She had one hand on the back of her skirt so she could pull it up.
“That is your meal, have a good day.” The guy said.
Mary knew this was her time, and she quickly turned into her kneeling position and pulled the skirt up. In a rush she quickly pushed her butt right against the window. She could hear the guy shout in surprise.
“You too,” Jenny said as she pulled away. Mary was in so much shock from what she had done she didn’t move right away. She slowly moved her butt off the window and put her skirt down. Jenny drove back onto the road and they got their food.
“Did I do well?” Mary asked, still out of breath a bit.
“Yeah you did, you showed a lot more than we thought you would.” Julie said turning her head to look back at Mary.
“It wasn’t too bad, it was only my butt. As you guys said, it’s just a basic mooning.” Mary said, getting a little embarrassed by all the praise, but her pride was going up a bit too.
“That wasn’t just a basic mooning, but I guess you didn’t notice, did you.” Julie said.
Mary just looked at her in confusion.
“Look at the window.” Julie said.
Mary did so and didn’t see anything right away, and then she gasped. There was a slight wet spot on the window.
“You see now. When you pressed your butt against the window, you must have pressed too much, or bent too much, because that obviously allowed your pussy to make contact with the window. That means you didn’t show off only your butt, but also your little wet slit, you naughty girl.” Julie finished explaining.
“Wow, I didn’t notice that, good eye Julie. Good job to you too Mary, even though it would seem by accident.” Jenny congratulated Mary.
Mary was just shocked and didn’t know what to think. She now again felt shame, for what she did, and the fact that they knew she had grown aroused. Julie handed Mary a napkin and Mary cleaned up the wet spot.
The rest of the trip home was pretty quiet. Jenny and Julie talked to each other, but Mary had mixed emotions. She had such an amazing day today. She didn’t know what to think about it. All she could think about was the events of the day and all her feelings.
She was able to almost relive each thing in her mind: the run back to the cabin naked; the waiting in front of the car; the walk on the path in a short skirt and the blouse with few buttons; the whole getting stuck in the door way; the topless walk; and the flashing. Every one of them seemed amazing, risky, scary, embarrassing, and exciting.
She now was very wet, and needed a release. She hadn’t gotten any all day.
They soon arrived in their home town. They decided to drop Mary off first. They stopped at her place. Mary’s parents weren’t home so they helped her unpack her stuff. They each gave her a hug and reminded her that she did well.
“The summer isn’t over, we will be sure to have more fun.” Julie told her.
“Yeah, you still have a ways to go.” Jenny added.
“I figured you’d say that, thanks though. It was fun.” Mary said, trailing off in thought.
The two of them left and she was left to herself. She quickly went straight to her room, to rethink the day again and again, and to handle some other needs.
