Louise Submits Ch. 24

Time was moving so fast. I was showing my body to more and more people every day. I was still going to and from school naked, I still got naked on Friday so the students could use me for sex, and I was either bottomless, topless or naked every day in math class. On most days, except Fridays, I had to go to lunch with April and wear whatever I did in math class for my fellow teachers. I usually didn't eat lunch, unless you call cocks and pussy lunch. I was used by the teachers during lunch time. It depended on what I was wearing or not wearing on how they used me. If I was bottomless or naked, the guys would fuck my cunt or ass. If I was topless, I sucked cock and ate pussy. But I was used in some way.

I still had to go get gas on Wednesday in what I wore in the math class, just like I was going for lunch. I always had to go inside for a drink and usually someone would make me suck cock, eat pussy or I would be fucked. I still took a student or students home each weekend and had to take them shopping for their favorite foods. I would cook for them and they would use me as a whore.

A couple of times when I took a student shopping, they wouldn't allow me to wear the little dress. I told them that Amber said I had to wear it and they would call her and let her tell me to do as they said. She was on their side and I had to walk into a grocery store naked and shop that way. This was not going the way I wanted things to happen. I should not be doing anything like this with any student, but once we shopped, I got fucked after dinner, so I guess it was ok.

Amber took me back to the math guy a couple times and he fucked me. Once more in the ass and once in my cunt. I also sucked his cock for him. One time we went to see him, he brought his wife and I had to eat her old pussy. I found out she was older than him and she said she was celebrating her 80th birthday and he was giving me as her present. I think that is the oldest pussy I licked, but it wasn't all that bad. Kind of worn out and hairy, but the taste wasn't too bad. Not like a young teens pussy and not even like mine. Just an older musky taste and smell.

Talk of the prom was still being said behind my back, so I had no clue what would happen. All the seniors and the teachers all knew, but I didn't know anything. I wasn't even sure I would have a dress to wear. For all I knew, I would be naked for the big event and everyone there would have some type of sex with me.

On the Friday before the prom, Amber told me that it was a special day and I had to do everything she said, no matter what it was. Of course, I do anything she tells me to anyway. If I don't, she punishes me and adds more fucking rules. I don't need any more of them, so said I would do as she wished.

We were in English class and she told me to sit on top of April's desk and spread my legs so the class could see my naked cunt. They were all seated in front of me, just looking at me in all my naked glory. Even though they see me naked most of the time now, it is still embarrassing to be naked in front of school children.

Once I was on the desk and spread as she said, she said, "Now my slave, I want you to play with your cunt and cum as many times as you can. I want everyone here to see you cumming and cumming and cumming. I figure we have 3 periods so you will try to cum 6 times in each class, which means you have to cum 18 times in about an hour and thirty minutes."

I was so shocked at what she was saying. There was no way I could cum that many times from playing with my cunt. I was trying to figure out how I could cum so much and then realized I would be cumming every seven and a half minutes.

"Mistress, that is almost impossible to do." I told her, "How do you expect me to cum every 7 or 8 minutes?"

She laughed and said, "Not my problem slave. You will do as I say or you get some more rules for the rest of the year and beyond. Maybe some new tattoos would be nice. I'm thinking maybe on your little tits this time. Maybe one that says whore or slut, or both"

While she was saying that, my fingers were already at my cunt, playing with my clit and inside my fuck hole. This was going to be one long day for me and I knew if I didn't please her, I would be in more trouble.

Once she saw I started diddling myself, she went to talk with the others in the class. I figured they were talking about the prom, but right now all I wanted to do was cum. I had to cum 18 times in class today without having a cock in my cunt. I had to do it all myself.

I saw April walking toward me with one hand behind her back. I knew she was on Amber's side because they had become lovers and all I am is a slave to the seniors. Once she got to me, she handed me a big dildo. It was huge. Bigger than any cock I had ever seen or had in me. It must have been a good 12 inches long and thicker than my wrist.

"Make sure it goes all the way in Louise. Amber wants it to disappear inside your cunt while you cum for the class." She told me.

I took the dildo and put it to my open cunt and started pushing. It went in easy and I just kept shoving it into me. I pulled it back a couple times to adjust my cunt to accept more of it and then shoved it harder into me. I was fucking my cunt with this huge black fake cock and was loving it. I wished it was the real thing, but since Amber wants me pushing this one in, I'll do it.

Once I started with the dildo in my cunt, I started cumming in front of my seniors. I hadn't cum yet, but once my cunt was filled with this big fake black cock, I was cumming hard. My juice was running out on the desk and I started pounding my hot cunt more and more, taking all that monster inside me.

It was hitting my cervix and caused pain, but that didn't matter right now. All that mattered was me cumming and I didn't care if the world saw me do it. I have become one horny math teacher and was being watched by my class as I started cumming.

I kept pounding my cunt with the huge dildo and was cumming nonstop. I needed more and I pushed that thing even deeper. I don't know if I pushed it past my cervix into my womb or not, but the pain I felt was horrific and I loved it. The more I hurt myself, the harder I was cumming. I was screaming loudly to let me cum and that is when someone pushed a pair of dirty panties into my mouth.

"Can't have the teacher advertising to the other classes that she is a slave and whore." They said as I tried to scream more, but couldn't.

I heard them all talking about me saying I was such a slut and whore and that I was going to be the best gift at the prom. I didn't care right now if I fucked the whole school or the whole city. I just needed to cum and cum hard.

I was cumming, but wanted more so I pushed that big long black dildo deeper into my cunt. Yes, it hurt more and that made me cum even longer and harder. I guess they are right, I am nothing but a fucking whore and pain slut.

Someone came to me and took the dildo away. I tried my best to keep it in my cunt, but whoever it was took it away and all I could do then was push my fingers in my cunt to make myself cum. But I had to stop that too, because my hands were pulled away so I couldn't play with myself any longer.

"My hot little slave, it is time to change classes and you need to get to your classroom. How would you like to go? Naked or have clothes on?" Amber asked me.

"Right now, it doesn't matter to me. Whichever way you want me Mistress." I told her. I was so out of it right then, that I would have done anything to be able to cum some more, even walk the halls naked so all the school could see me.

"Well, I am happy to hear that slave. But, I can't afford to lose you and the younger ones can't see you naked, so I'll give you something to cover up with." She said.

I was handed a man's shirt to put on. I slipped it on, buttoned it up and waited for something for the bottom half. But I was given nothing and when I looked down, the shirt did cover my cunt and ass, but just barely.

"OK, let's go to math class whore." She said.

That was the first time she ever called me anything but slave. Now she is calling me a whore and I must agree with her. That is what I have become. A slave, slut and whore for all the seniors and all the other teachers. I wondered how much farther I would have to go before I was released to be me again. Or if I ever would be me again.

I started to leave when Amber said, "Once you get to your room whore, take the shirt off and go to your corner. The rest of us will be in shortly."

I didn't say anything. I just walked out of April's classroom and down the hall to my room. I saw some other students as I walked and they gave me some funny looks. I guess with me dressed this way, they wondered. Then I remembered that the bells on my clit and nipples were still there and I could hear them ringing. No wonder they stared at me.

I got to my room, walked in shutting the door behind me. As soon as I was in my room, I removed the shirt and walked to my corner. I had been here many times before and now I was in it again. Standing up close, hands on the walls and my naked ass showing to anyone walking in. I never knew who might come in, but I hoped it was just the seniors.

I didn't have to wait long before the door opened and I heard the students walking in. I didn't have to look to see who it was, I could hear their voices and knew it was the seniors. They were talking to each other about the upcoming prom and who was going with who. I was shocked about who was going with who. I never expected them to be together.

I giggled and thought, they won't have to worry about having sex because they have a teacher to do that for them. They have seen each other naked before and I think some of them are fucking, but most the time the boys are fucking me and I eat the girl's pussies.

After everyone was in the room, Amber said, "Slave, turn around so we can see your cunt, but stay in the corner."

I turned, putting my hands back on the walls and spreading my legs so everyone could see my naked bald cunt. It doesn't bother me any more for all of them to see me like this. I kind of enjoy showing off for my students and I think since I became a slave to them, the grades got better.

Amber walked up to me and said, "I like how your nipples and clit have grown, but I think they can get longer. So, I am going to add some more weight to each. You will end up having 2 pounds on each ring, which should stretch everything very good."

I didn't say anything and just watched as she attached the extra weights to me. She did my nipples first and I could feel them getting longer. Then she went to my clit and pulled on it some before adding the new weights. She put the bigger weight on my clit and dropped it. I felt my clit being pulled down and thought it was going to be pulled right out of my cunt. But, I kept my mouth shut.

She stepped back and looked at my cunt. "Now that is going to be one nice long clit slave. I hope it stays out once I remove the weights. But if not, I'll just add more. Wonder what 5 pounds would do to it?"

I couldn't say anything. She had me and I knew it. I would have to do anything and everything she wanted until she graduated. Once she is away at college, I'll be free to be me again and try to make myself a teacher again. But I may have to change schools. Some of the juniors know about me, my fellow teachers know about me and have had sex with me during school. And I'm sure it won't stop with what I have already done with them. If it wasn't for the younger children in school, I would be naked always and everyone would have me. At least that has saved me some.

Nothing else happened in math class. She didn't even make me cum any more than I did in April's class or at lunch. I didn't teach and the students just did whatever they desired and I said nothing. All I did was watch them from the corner where Amber made me stand, with my tits and cunt showing to all.

I was allowed some clothes for the remainder of the day and when it was time for everyone to leave, Amber told me to go home, clean up and be ready for her to stop by later. I was to be naked as usual, but I had to be on my front porch with my legs spread. She also said to make sure the bells were always ringing.

I got out of the school, going to my car and stripping in the parking lot before driving home naked. I am so used to being naked in the car, I think once I am free again I may drive the same way. I did enjoy the freedom it gave me.

I got home, parking in the drive way, then going inside to clean up. I took a nice shower, brushed my hair and was ready for Amber to come get me for whatever she had planned. She never told me what time she was coming to get me, so I had to be on my porch, naked, legs spread, showing everything to anyone until she arrived.

I got cleaned up and went out on my porch. I hoped none of my neighbors could see me, but that is probably a fantasy as all of them have seen me naked at one time or another. How could they miss seeing me as much as I come and go without clothes on?

Once outside, I spread my legs, put my hands behind my back and shook my ass to make the bells ring. I didn't want to piss her off and get any more rules or punishments from her. It has been a long time since she spanked my naked cunt, but she is quite free with adding new rules. I think if she could get away with it, she would have me naked all the time so everyone could see me.

I closed my eyes so I didn't know if anyone was watching me. I guess if I don't know if people look they don't see my naked body. I think it was a good hour before I heard a car pull up in my driveway. I opened my eyes briefly to see who it was. Thank God it was Amber and a couple of the other seniors.

They all came to me on the porch and I didn't move. They had their hands all over me and in me. I still didn't move and just let them have their way with me. Then Amber said, "OK, my hot little cunt, we need to go shopping, so walk to the car and wait for us. We are going to find the perfect gown for you to wear tomorrow night at the prom."

I did as I was told and walked naked to the car. I have been so used to walking to the driver's side and then around the back, I did just that. When I reached the back, I saw 3 of my neighbors out in the street, not far from my drive.

Just as I reached the back of the car, I heard, "STOP!"

It was Amber telling me to stop in full view of my neighbors. All of them men who I had talked to at different times and each of them tried to put the make on me at some of our block parties. Now, they get to see me all naked in the street. They started walking toward me and I got scared. I had no idea what to do.

Amber was by my side now and told me, "Just stand still and let them look. If they come all the way up to you, they can touch you anyplace they wish. You will not stop them. I am going to tell them if they wish they can come to your house to fuck you after the prom is over. You will let all of them, won't you?"

All I could say, was "Yes Mistress."

The neighbors did come up to me and I knew they were all married, but now they were going to be feeling me up in broad daylight in the street while others could see if they looked.

Once they came up to me, Amber said, "Gentlemen, you all know Louise. She is my slave and if you wish, you can touch her anyplace you wish and even put your fingers in her cunt and ass if you want. We're on our way to get her a nice gown for the prom, but once the prom is all over and she isn't entertaining any of my friends, you can come over and fuck her. She'll do anything you want."

The guys all started feeling me up and I just spread my legs for them and let them finger fuck my cunt and ass. They enjoyed making the weights and bells move so they could hear them.

One of them said, "Louise, is it true that you will let us all fuck you and you will do anything we want after the prom?"

Amber looked at me with a big grin and I was afraid to say no, even if I wanted to. But I said, "Yes, once the prom is over with and I'm home, you or anyone else is welcome to come to my house to use me. I'll suck your cocks and you can fuck me in my ass and cunt."

Once I said that, they high fived each other and Amber said, "OK, guys we've got to go, but after tomorrow night, she will be yours whenever she is free."

They left us and we all got in the car. I was in the back between 2 other girls while Amber drove and the last girl was in front with her. It seems every time we go shopping, there are 4 of them and 1 of me.

Amber drove and the girls next to me were playing with me. They kissed each other in front of me while they had their hands in my cunt and on my naked tits. Nothing was said about clothes for me once we got to where we were going, but that didn't surprise me.

I couldn't see where we were because the girls had my view blocked. I was getting all wet and juicy and they knew it. Every so often, they would pull their fingers out of my cunt and stick them in my mouth to clean. Then it was back in my cunt again.

The car stopped and the girls moved away. I looked around, but had no idea where we were. Amber got out and the back doors opened. One of the girls got out and the other pushed me out. I was once again outside, naked and not really knowing where I was.

"Ok whore, let's go find you a nice gown." Amber said. I hated it when she called me a whore. I didn't mind slave, but whore is not nice.

But, I followed her and was afraid to ask for clothes to put on. It didn't look like a store to me. More like a warehouse. I wondered where we were and what was inside. I knew I was going to find out soon.

Once we got to the front of the building, I noticed a sign. The sign said, 'Sweet Nothings'. I had never heard of a place like this, but it sounded like a porn place. Maybe that's why I didn't get any clothes to put on.

Amber opened the door and walked in. The other girls escorted me in with one in front the other 2 on my sides. They followed Amber through the aisles and then we stopped. I tried to look at all the items in the store and saw what they sold. The stuff that I saw was so erotic, that it would be illegal to wear anyplace but a bedroom. Why did we come here?

I still couldn't see Amber, but heard her talking with someone. She said, "We are looking for a nice transparent gown for the prom tomorrow night. My slave has nothing to wear and I think she should be dressed to go to a prom, don't you?"

Then I heard another voice. It sounded like a young girl, but I couldn't see her. "We have some nice evening gowns and I think you'll like what we have. And we also do alterations so it will be ready to take home tonight. Follow me."

We walked behind the sales girl as she led us down an aisle and up another one. As we were about to turn into another aisle, she stopped and asked, "I keep hearing bells. Do any of you hear them. Never heard them before until you came in."

Amber laughed and said, "Oh those bells. They are my slave's bells so I can keep track of her. Slut, step up here and show the nice lady what you have on your clit."

The other girls stepped out of my way and I stepped up to the front. The sales girl just stared. Here I was, a naked person in her public store. I was afraid she was going to call the cops and this would be the end of everything for me.

But, my worries or hopes, whichever they were, ended when she said, "Damn, she is naked. Is that true, she is a teacher?"

Amber said, "Yes she is naked and yes she is my math teacher. Turn around whore and show the nice lady your ass."

I turned as I was told to and she read that I was a slave to the seniors of 2018. Then she said, "Damn, that is so cool. What does she do?"

Amber said, "Anything I tell her to do. Is there anything you would like to see or maybe you would like her to eat you?"

"Really, she would eat me, right here, right now?" The girl said.

"Yep, she will eat you anytime I want her to. And she sucks cock and fucks anyone I say. Maybe you got some men around that need a good fuck or a cocksucking." Amber explained.

"Well, I might have to take you up on that. Let's go find a nice gown for her." The girl said.

I followed behind the girl, checking out her ass. I never would have done that before Amber made me a slave and slut, but now I look at guys and girls different. She had a nice little ass and I think she was wiggling it more for me. I would be glad to eat her out if her ass was any indication of what was between her legs.

We got to the section of gowns and they all looked so beautiful. I would be proud to wear any of them that I saw. And they all would cover me nicely. I saw one I loved and thought back to my own senior prom when I dressed up for a boy. He was so polite and that was the first time I saw a cock. He pulled it out and I was going to suck him, but he was so excited he shot his load all over my pretty gown. He was so embarrassed he ran away from me and we never spoke again.

But it wasn't my choice of what I would wear for this prom. Amber made all my decisions for me. She looked at several gowns and the sales girl explained all of them. They came to one gown and the girl said this is the one I should wear. It was beautiful and I liked it too. That is until she explained it all to us.

"This one, comes in 2 pieces. It looks great like it is hanging up, but I think you will like it better when I remove the inner lining." She said.

With that she took the gown down and separated the 2 parts of the gown. The inner part was like a slip, which made it so no one could see through it. The outer part was nothing but shear lace and was see through all the way. If I wore that, I would be showing everything I have. It would show I was naked underneath.

"That is just what I wanted!" Amber exclaimed. "May we try it on her?"

"Of course, and I'll give it to you if she is any good at licking pussy." The girl said.

"Girl, you haven't had your pussy licked till my slave licks it. She is really good at making everyone cum." Amber told her.

One of the other students said, "You got that right Amber. This cunt will make your toes curl and she loves doing it."

"OK, let's get this on her to see if it fits right. If not, we will get it altered while she eats me." The clerk said.

I was made to put the dress on and model it for everyone. It was almost like being naked because it was so thin and transparent. I knew my tits, cunt and ass were showing, but Amber liked it when I showed off for others. I guess everyone at the prom will be looking at me and I am not even sure if I'll be able to keep my gown on. I will probably end up naked and fucking, sucking and eating everyone there.

Once I had the gown on, the clerk had another person come over and they made a few marks on the gown, especially the bottom. It was to long for me, but I was told not to worry because the seamstress would fix it. And I was also told that I would take care of her too, once she finished.

I took the gown off and once again stood naked in a public shop and noticed that others were also shopping. No one even tried to cover me up. Instead they paraded me around the shop so everyone could see me.

Amber said, "If anyone would like to touch my slave, please feel free to do so. And, once she takes care of Susie, she will also take on everyone else."

That was the first time I knew the sales girls name and the first time I would be put to work again so I could get a gown that didn't even cover me. We got to the back of the store and Susie sat in a chair, spread her legs and said, "Let's see if she is good enough to get a free gown."

I had to get down in front of this girl and once I did, I saw her pretty pussy. It almost looked like Amber's pussy, but I knew it wasn't. I leaned in smelled her scent and then licked her slit. She even tasted like Amber, so I was in heaven. I licked her and sucked her clit and licked her some more. She was wiggling around in the chair and it was hard for me to keep my mouth on her. But I did manage and brought her to a big orgasm, but kept on licking until I made her cum 4 more times. Finally, she pushed me away and just laid back to relax.

Once she could talk, she said, "Damn she is one fucking hot pussy licker. She gets the gown and anything else you want her to have. I want to have her alone sometime soon."

"You got it Susie, just let me know when." Amber told her.

Then I had to go out on the main floor where I sucked cock, got fucked in my cunt and ass and ate some more women. We finally left there after 6 hours of me being used by everyone.

Amber drove us home with me sleeping most of the way. We got to my street and Amber said, "Slave I have to hurry home, so I will let you out here. You can walk the rest of the way. Have fun."

It was 2 blocks from where she let me off to my house and I was totally naked. Everyone in the neighborhood would be able to see me walking down the street. And just before I started walking home, Amber said, "Walk slow slut!"

I walked down the street, but didn't look around. I am not sure if anyone saw me, but if they did, they didn't do anything or say anything that I could hear. I walked all the way home, naked in front of all my neighbor's houses. I knew once the prom was over, I would be fucking and sucking most of the men here and maybe even eating some of their wife's pussies.

But I guess that is what I have become. Not only a slave to the seniors in school, but a slut and whore for the town. 


Louise Submits Ch. 25

Saturday was a slow day for me. I stayed at home alone. I usually have a student or students with me, but since it was prom day, everyone was getting ready for the big event. So, I just lounged around the house, naked as I always am. I did clean the house and made sure the big bed in Amber's room was clean with fresh sheets. I also cleaned her room from top to bottom and made it smell good.

But, I couldn't clean the little bedroom. Amber had told me not to clean it or change the bedding. I had to sleep in a dirty bed that smelled like my pussy and the room was getting just as bad. She didn't want me cleaning it because she said it would make me feel superior again. I never had anyone else in the little bedroom. All the students used the big bedroom and then I had to clean it and make it ready for the next ones to use it. Or if Amber and April decided to use it for their play time.

I got a text from Amber midafternoon that said, 'Slave, go into my bathroom and take a nice hot bath and wash your hair. I expect you to shave your cunt making sure there are no loose hairs down there. I will be along shortly to fix your hair and put your make up on.'

Wow, she said I can use the big bathroom. I usually must use the hall bath, which is not very big. The one in her bedroom is huge. I had it built special when I bought the house. I lost a small third bedroom to get it done, but I used to really enjoy being in there, soaking in the big garden tub with the jets going. Now, I just get a shower because the hall bath has a very small tub and is not comfortable.

I hurried in, ran the water and got in. I wanted to spend a s much time as I could in my big tub. But I knew it would only be a one-time thing, because Amber forbids me in her room and the big bath.

I soaked in the tub until the water started turning cold and then I turned on the shower and washed my hair. I made sure my cunt was clean shaven, with no stubble. It is hard to get to my cunt lips and asshole, but I do manage to get them done without cutting anything.

I felt so refreshed after soaking in the big tub. It felt just like it used to before I became a slave to Amber. And now I guess I am a slut and whore for everyone, including my neighbors. I knew that Amber told the 3 guys that I would be available for use after the prom and I'm sure they will find a way to use me good. And then once the rest of the neighbors find out, I guess I'll be fucking them too. When we have those neighborhood gatherings, I'll be the life of the party because I can't put clothes on unless Amber gives them to me.

Amber showed up and started getting me ready. She did my hair for me and it looked great once she finished. Then she did my make-up and that also looked good. Nothing like I had expected from her. I thought she would make me look like a cheap whore, but I looked like a young lady when she finished.

But what she did next confused me. She put on rubber gloves and had me spread my legs. She put something along my cunt lips with a brush and then sprayed something over the top of it. From what I could see, it was clear. She also outlined my tattoo with the brush and sprayed it too. Then she rubbed my tits with the same stuff and made sure she added some red color to my hard nipples. Then she sprayed my tits too. I had to stand and bend over for her and reach back to open my ass cheeks so she could do something back there too. And I felt her trace the tattoo on my ass that says I am the senior's slave. Then the spray.

What surprised me, she allowed me to dress in the house. She gave me the transparent gown to put on, which I did. Even if I still looked naked, I felt I was covered. And I didn't care if I would be seen at the prom. I was just happy to have a dress on, even if I still looked naked. Then once I was dressed, she covered my eyes with a blindfold and told me to stand still.

I have no clue what she was doing around me, but I think she was taking pictures of me. She had me pose in different ways and even had me bend over so my little asshole was showing. I knew it was winking at her when she had me this way, but I couldn't help it. I was starting to get turned on and maybe that is what she wanted me to do.

Once she finished whatever she was doing, she removed the blindfold and said, "OK, my hot little slave, let's go to the prom."

I did notice that she had put her gown on while I was blindfolded and she looked so beautiful. I could just eat her right here. But, we didn't have time for that since it was time to leave. I would find out soon what was in store for me at the prom.

I figured I would be used by all my students, the teachers and even some of the juniors who were there as dates to the seniors. I wondered if there was going to be a band and if so, would I have to fuck them too. Who else would be there. I hoped none of the parents would come. I figured April would bring either Sam or her husband or both. The other teachers would bring their spouses or date. Yes, I think I am going to be well used by everyone.

She drove us to the school where the prom was being held. Of course, she didn't park close to the building, so I had to walk through the parking lot. Even though I had the gown on, it was so see through that I might as well have been naked. But, I have done it naked so many times that it really didn't matter.

Once we got into the school we went to the gym and I saw for the first time how well these kids had decorated it for their prom. It looked like everyone was already inside when we arrived. I saw most of the students, and teachers walking around. The real prom had not started yet. I also noticed that there was a live band, but all I saw was the instruments. No band members were visible yet.

The lights were all on and the kids all said hello to me. It seemed strange that they would be so nice to me since I was a slave to them and each of them have had their way with me. I have fucked, sucked or eaten every senior this year and yet, here they are calling me Ms. Baker instead of the usual slave.

Amber took me to the place where I would be sitting, but I also noticed it had a mattress pad close by. I knew then that I was going to be used some more, but didn't know how or when. The others just mingled and a couple of them brought me some punch and a little snack. Everyone was being so nice to me. Even the other teachers were nice and spoke to me like I was a great friend and fellow teacher. They were being extra nice because before I started being a toy for them to play with, none of them even talked to me.

But, it wasn't long and the lights started to dim and it was getting dark inside the gym. That's when I noticed that I glowed in the dark. Well, at least some of me glowed. My lips, tits and cunt were glowing. I figured that when Amber was putting the make up on me and when she brushed my cunt lips and tattoos, she was putting some type of glow in the dark chemical on me.

I could see that whenever I moved, I would be seen by all because I did glow. A glow in the dark slave. I wondered if any of it would rub off when they fucked me or I ate a pussy. It would be funny to see the students glowing like I was. That way everyone would know who had used the teacher slave.

I sat watching the students having a good time with each other. It was always so nice to see them getting along so well and dating each other. I always worried about the girls getting pregnant, but found out most of them were still virgins. And now, I don't worry at all about the girls because all the boys just fuck me to get relief. And I don't have to worry about being pregnant, since I am on birth control.

I sat alone for a while, but then some of the other teachers came to sit with me and all of them said I looked wonderful. And they kind of teased me about glowing like I was. My cunt and tits were outlined with the glowing substance Amber had put on them. And my mouth was also glowing showing my lips. I guess so the boys can find it when I suck their cocks.

I even got to dance with some of the students and the other teachers. As we danced, I was felt up with hands all over my ass and tits. A few even found my cunt and rubbed it through my gown.

About an hour after the prom started, Mr. Hart stepped up on the bandstand to make an announcement. "May I have your attention please."

Everyone stopped talking to listen to the principle. He said, "Thank you. And thank you all for coming to your Senior prom. It is this time of year that we start winding down the school year and preparing you all for new adventures. Getting you all ready for college or the military or where ever your desires may lead you. It has been my great pleasure to have been able to be your principle over the years and watch as you all have grown into the bright young adults you now are."

Everyone applauded him and stood to give him the recognition he deserved. I even clapped for him, because he was a good principle and a pretty good fuck too.

Then he continued. "This year there have been many new things happening in our school. Most of you didn't know it, but over the summer months we had security cameras placed all around the school. They were not there to peep on you, but there for your protection. We could see everything you all did all over the school. The only places we did not put them was in the bathrooms, locker rooms and showers. Even if it would have been nice to see some of you in them, we couldn't do it."

Laughing along with everyone, we once again clapped. Mr. Hart then said, "However, we did get some very nice videos that we didn't expect. And yes, we did get to see a lot of you in some very interesting positions. You all know what you did in English, Lunch and math classes. And I do have to say, all us teachers liked and enjoyed what we saw."

There were some noises of disapproval, but he put it all to rest when he said, "But none of you have to worry. Those videos we have will never be seen by anyone else except for us and if any of you wish to have copies of them, see me next week."

Cheers and claps followed. "Now, I have to let you know that one of your teachers is a star this year. You all know who she is and now I ask Ms. Louise Baker to come forward. Of course, you all know her as your slave now and tonight she will be available once I finish speaking."

As I walked up to the bandstand, all the students and my fellow teachers clapped and cheered for me. I was blushing because they all loved me, but a little of it was anger. They loved me because I put out for all of them and now I am basically naked getting ready to be fucked some more. I reached the bandstand and joined Mr. Hart.

I stood waiting to see what was going to happen. The only light in the room seemed to be me because of the glow in the dark stuff Amber had put on me. Mr. Hart put his hand on my ass and rubbed it. He then rubbed my tits and again back to my ass.

"Now, Louise or should I call you slave? It is time for you to get naked for everyone and we can begin the fun times at the prom. The first thing you will do tonight, is suck my cock in front of all your students, showing them that you are a true slut. No hands and deep throat me. Now strip whore." He said over the microphone.

That got everyone's attention and they all laughed and clapped. The principle calling a teacher a whore in front of the seniors, some juniors and the other teachers. That is just not right for someone to be called a whore and ordered to strip. But, I raised the gown up over my head and took it off. I handed it to Mr. Hart and turned so everyone could see my naked cunt and tits.

I was now naked except for my shoes, which Mr. Hart told me to remove once he realized I still had them on. After getting them off, I got to my knees in front of him and pulled his cock out of his pants. I had sucked him off before, but never in front of all my students. The other teachers had seen me doing it, but not the students. However, all the kids have seen me sucking cock before and have also seen me fucking the others.

I put my hands behind my back as ordered and took his big cock in my mouth. I sucked on it as I was slowly going down on him. He just stood there and let me do all the work. I was about half way down on his cock and getting ready to take him in my throat. I had learned a long time ago how to deep throat a cock and all I had to do was swallow when it hit the back of my mouth.

I had his cock all the way in when he started talking again. "Once the slave finishes sucking me, I will announce the King and Queen for this year. They will both get to do as they wish with their math teacher and then, she will be on the little mattress pad for the rest of the night. I expect all of you, which includes the teachers and band members to take full advantage of her holes. Slave will be on her hands and knees so all her fuck holes will be available and as you can see, they are illuminated for you."

Cheers and claps were heard all over the gym. They loved using me and I guess I loved being used. I think I could have got out of this mess a long time ago, but I loved Amber and her pussy too much to stop obeying her. Now I obey everyone.

Mr. Hart finished talking and I felt his cock stiffen more and then twitch. I was soon rewarded with a big mouthful of hot gooey cum. I swallowed it all as he pulled out and put his tool away in his pants.

Once he was back together, with me still on my knees, he said, "Now it is time to honor our new king and queen. This year we are lucky to have 2 wonderful young people who will be going to the best colleges in the world. Please help me congratulate Mike and Joann. They are your king and queen for 2018."

I helped cheer and I clapped hard for them. I liked Mike a lot, since he was the first student, other than Amber to have me and I taught him how to eat cunt. Joann was a shy girl and I remember the first time I got to eat her pussy. She was quite tasty and so small. Her pussy was so tight, I had a hard time getting my tongue in it. I kind of felt sorry for her because she would be hurt so much whenever a lucky guy got to fuck her.

They were crowned and then they led me to my mattress and put me on my knees. Mike got behind me while Joann lay down in front of me. I had to put my head under her gown so I could eat her. She was not wearing panties, so it was easy to get to her pussy. But, I was surprised that her pussy opened right up for me when I started licking her. I wondered if she had been fucking her boyfriend.

I was being fucked and eating pussy. Both my students and in front of the rest of my students and all the teachers at school. I felt Mike stiffen up and shoot his hot load of cum deep into my cunt. I started cumming with him, which set Joann off. The 3 of us were all cumming at the same time in front of all the others.

Once they both were finished and moved away, Amber said, "Ok class our math teacher is yours for the evening or all night if you wish. She will not say no to anything you desire, so have fun. And teachers, please join us and have fun with the slave too. After all, you will have her the rest of the year and beyond."

I didn't quite understand what she meant by beyond, but I did know that for the rest of this school year I would be doing just as I had been doing. I would be teaching math topless, bottomless or naked. I would be going to lunch with the teachers the same way. I would have to get gas in whatever I wore on Wednesday and Friday's were still going to be naked Friday for 3 periods.

That is unless Mistress Amber changes my rules and makes me do more with others. I am sure my neighbors were going to be a part of my life in the future, but who else was there going to be in my cunt.

The prom lasted into the wee hours of the morning with me being fucked, sucking cocks and eating pussy. I was fucked in my cunt and ass and had a lot of cocks in my mouth. My belly was so full of cum that I don't think I could eat anything else and every time I burped, it tasted like cum. I had cum running from my ass and cunt, down my legs and onto the mattress.

Amber came to me and said, "Slave you did good tonight. Everyone here had sex with you and you didn't even complain. I am proud of you, but you smell like a fucking whore. Need to get you cleaned up so I can take you home. Go to the boy's locker room and take a good shower."

I didn't even argue with her about being in the boys' area. I was worn out and sore from all the fucking, sucking and eating pussy and ass. I almost had to crawl to the locker room because I was so sore. My legs were weak and I was a little dizzy. But, I made it and got into the shower. I cleaned myself up and tried to wash out my cunt and ass as best I could without a nozzle to get under me.

It felt so good, I took longer than Amber expected me to. She came in and told me to hurry up. I finished cleaning, then followed her to the car and climbed in. She drove me home and I went inside and straight to my little bed. I slept like a log.

I was given the next day off. No one came by to see me. I was left alone all day, but then I had to go back to school the following day. I was not looking forward to the rest of the year because I knew I was going to be used by so many people. My students, my fellow teachers, the neighbors and I guess anyone else Amber decides to allow to use my body. I was naked most of the time and made available to anyone.

The first few weeks after the prom, everything was back to normal. Well, if you call being naked and fucked all the time normal, it was my normal. Of course, I didn't complain because when I was getting fucked by so many, I could cum all I wanted. And cum I did. Even being naked in public turned me on now. I didn't even object when the students made me shop naked. Some of them even told the people in the store they could fuck me if they wanted. Most of them did.

I think I have now been naked more than dressed since I have become the slave to Amber and my senior class. Of course, I am also the slave of the other teachers too. And, since Amber has opened my home to the neighbors, I guess I am their slave too. I have had most of my neighbors stop by to fuck me or get a blow job. They just walk in and order me to do whatever it is they want. A few of the neighborhood men have brought their wives with them so I can eat their pussies. I have eaten hairy pussies, trimmed pussies and bald pussies. I have eaten them after their hubbies fucked them and I even had to eat a couple of them while on their periods. That I didn't like, but I am a slave and Amber has told me I have no more limits and anything goes. I tried to beg out of eating the nasty pussies, but she told me to do it.

I don't even teach in school on Friday very much now. They have hired a new math teacher to teach all the classes on Friday, except the seniors. I still teach them. But, I am required to be in the senior's classes each period. Every class the seniors have, I am there with them. It could be history, English, science or PE. I must attend the classes with them and in each class, I must wear whatever they say and most of the time, I wear nothing at all. They enjoy keeping me naked and I also must have sex in all the classes. It isn't with all the class, but I must do something with a few in each class, while the others watch and the other teacher teaches. Not sure if any of the students are learning much, but that is what they all want.

I am still required to stop at a gas station for gas, wearing whatever I do on Wednesday. Sometimes it is topless, sometimes bottomless, but most of the time naked. And, yes, once I get gas, I must walk into the store for a drink. I am usually met in there by someone who gets to have sex with me. Sometimes it is in the store, but other times they go home with me or I do it in the car at the pumps. I have had some students from other schools, some college students, some store clerks and even some older men and women. I never know who I will be used by.

I found out during the last couple weeks of school, that I will be going back to teach next year, but things will not change as far as my status. I will be a slave to the new seniors and to prove it, I had to start having sex with any of the juniors that had turned 18. I was informed by the time the school reopens, all of them will be 18 and legal for me to fuck.

The last day of school, I had to see the tattoo guy. He came to school and in front of the senior class, added a new tattoo. This one just added to the one showing which year I was a slave. Now it says, Senior's slave, classes of 2018, 2019. I am trapped.

All the seniors graduated and it was now summer vacation. Well, vacation for some. I was still a slave being used by everyone. Amber stayed with me a lot during the summer and now she has added a new rule for me. I hate her new rules. I hate all her rules. A grown woman should never be subjected to what she has me do, but I did agree to be her slave until the end of the schoolyear.

So, school is out and I'm still a slave. You might ask why? Well, in one of those moments that she had me cumming because she ate my cunt, she wanted me to be a slave forever. I agreed because I was cumming so hard. So, now I am a total slave to anyone who wants me. Just because she wanted me that way and convinced me she would eat me more often if I was a slave forever and I would be licking her pussy a lot more. None of that has happened, except I have begun my new life.

Her new rule, was that for the summer, I would not be allowed to wear clothes at any time. I would stay naked all the time, even if we were out. And she made sure we went out quite often. I have been taken shopping naked and to restaurants naked. I know I have been seen by many of the students' parents and none of them has said anything. I didn't know why they didn't complain about a teacher walking around naked like I was.

The worst part, was Amber loved to go to the beach and of course she took me with her. I had to lay there naked because she wanted me to have an all-over tan. She didn't like those lines you get when sunbathing with a suit on. Nope, all over tan for me. But, it all started out with being burned first. My body was a bright pink for a while and then it peeled and turned to the tan she wanted.

I still had to entertain others in my house. I used her bed for most people, but always had to change the sheets once they left. She said she never knew when she would be there and she didn't want to have to wait for me to fix her bed. Plus, she didn't want others to have to be in a used bed. I was doing a lot of laundry because I was used every day all summer.

Her daddy was over quite often and he fucked me each time. Of course, I had to suck his cock before he fucked me and sometimes he would use my ass instead of my cunt. April would stop by often as well and she always had Sam or her husband with her and sometimes both men would come.

One of the big events I had to attend while naked was the big block party the neighborhood had every year. It was done for the 4th of July and everyone was there. All adults in the neighborhood showed up and all of them saw me naked with my tattoos, weights and bells hanging from my nipples and clit.

Of course, everyone was given permission to fondle and play with me and they did that. I had hands all over my ass, legs, back, tits and cunt. Yes, that is all I am now, a plaything for others.

Then, Amber made a speech to tell everyone that from now on, I would be naked while in the neighborhood and everyone could use me anytime they desired. I would have to do as they all said and that I was available to suck cocks, eat pussy and fuck. My ass and cunt were both available for anyone. Then she said that a mattress had been placed in the street and I would be there to be used.

She said, "My slave and whore, go to the mattress, lay back and spread those legs. I want your hot cunt showing so everyone knows you are ready for them. While you are not being used, put those fingers to work. Keep your cunt ready for anything."

I didn't argue with her. I just went to the mattress, laid down and spread my legs. After that, I was used for the rest of the day by everyone. I had cocks in my cunt, ass and mouth all day. And so many women came to sit on my face and I had to lick them until they were cumming on my tongue. I even had to drink some piss for some of them that couldn't hold it after I ate them.

That was the only party we had, but now all the neighbors could stop by and fuck me or get anything they wanted. And most of them did come by. I couldn't lock my door any longer. Amber said that I had an open-door policy and anyone who wanted me, could just walk in and use me. I was to be always ready for anything anyone wanted.

She even set up a tip jar in my living room, but no one was ever charged to use me. If they wanted to, they could leave a tip for me. Some did and some didn't. But no matter what, I had to pleasure them.

Once summer was over, Amber went off to college, but she turned over her ownership of me to Lucy, the Junior, now a senior, who was always around to observe my downfall. But, this year, she pulled all the strings.

It was a brand-new year, with brand new things to happen to me. And many new things happened, but that is another story about how I, Louise submitted. 


