------------DISCLAIMER STATEMENT--------------
This is a sexually graphic story with adult content. You must be 21 years of age to read. The characters in this sexual fantasy story are imaginary, and are not a representation, in any manner, of any real world person or situation. IN REAL LIFE PRACTICE SAFE SEX, NOT THE FANTASY THINGS DIPICTED IN THIS STORY 

(Cuckold, M+/F,MM,MF)


Many thanks to the well known Cuckold Story author, C.D.E., 
for his review and comments.

Story:  C.I.S.S.I.
Author: Es2c

CAST:
Carl-Husband
Claudia-Wife

	
	"Dear, it's so good to hear the fellows say you can 
handle and suck dicks so well.  Leroy and his buddies raved 
about how well you swallowed their cum and soaked their big 
cocks in your mouth.  I tell you.  I'm proud to have you as 
a son-in-law."
	"Thank you Mother Jones.  If it hadn't been for you, I 
never would've know the delights of understanding and 
embracing my softer side."
	"You're welcome Carl.  I thought the studies at the 
Concepts In Spousal Satisfaction Institute (C.I.S.S.I.) 
would be perfect for you as the husband of my daughter.  As 
a CISSI graduate of domestic husbandly arts, I feel the 
training has made you the perfect spouse for Claudia."
	"I do too Mother Jones. I feel I am so much more in 
her eyes now.  I knew she loved me, but I know now she 
holds me in higher esteem than before I enrolled."
	"Yes she does Carl.  She is so proud of you being her 
CISSI husband.  She's told all her lovers how proud she is 
of you and has invited them all to fuck your face or your 
ass, whichever they prefer.  I know you won't let her 
down."
	"I would never do that Mother Jones. She knows that 
I'll always welcome her men to put their dicks in me.  In 
fact I'm rather honored to have the men that's fucking her, 
fuck me."
	"You're such a wonderful son-in-law Carl.  You 
certainly deserve to be fucked by her many men. Remember 
this, a husband and wife that gets fucked by the same men, 
are bound to stay happily married and together for a very 
long time."
	"Yes ma'am, I will."
" Remember the old you?  Remember how you thought it 
was so depraved that Claudia could want to be married to 
you but sleep around with and have babies by her many 
lovers?"
	"Yes I do Mother Jones.  I'm ashamed of myself when I 
think of how I reacted back then, especially when my new 
wife told me she was not a virgin on our wedding night but 
that she was pregnant and didn't know who the real father 
was, but that I would be the daddy.  I remember her saying 
that was her special wedding gift to me, as well as from 
her six favorite studs."
	"Yes I remember how upset you became.  But I knew you 
had potential to be a good husband when you forgave her for 
fooling you as well as denying you sex for the three years 
you two were dating and engaged."
	"Yes, I really love her, and I accepted her 
explanation about fearing she would lose me if she told me 
the truth about her needs to be a piece of ass to big dick 
men.  Of course I asked her to promise to be faithful to 
only me after we were married.  When she told me that if I 
loved her I wouldn't restrain her like that, I really 
became agitated and came to seek your advice."
	"I remember it well Carl.  I could see that you were 
having trouble understanding my Claudia's needs.  That is, 
to be a slut while insisting upon your faithfulness and 
being the daddy of she and her lover's many children she'd 
planned on having by them."
	"Yes, you were so right.  I just didn't see her view 
point back then."
	"The reason she fell in love with and married you is 
because she knew you had the inner qualities of being not 
only a good husband for a slut like her, but also the right 
helpmate for her.  Carl, you have exceeded all her 
expectations.  When your aptitude tests at CISSI indicated 
you were prime CISSI material, she and I both knew you were 
salvageable and that there would be no divorce, as you had 
talked about."
	"Yes I was scared at first at going to CISSI as you 
wanted, but after the first 24 hours there, I could see the 
light, so to speak.  You see, they kept giving me those 
strobe light treatments. I thought the doctors were trying 
to hypnotize me.  They later told me they weren't.  I later 
found out they were only trying to make me feel relaxed and 
at ease.  After that, I never worried about them trying to 
hypnotize me, I just laid back and enjoyed the light shows 
and soothing music and questions they asked me.  It's 
amazing how many of their suggestions to me really sounded 
so good that I wanted to try them.  I know I wanted to do 
them, I just don't know why I didn't think of doing them 
before.?"
	"That's not important.  The important thing is that 
after 10 years	of marriage, you're a good husband, a very 
good housekeeper, a great dad to the 5 kids Claudia has 
presented to you from her men, an excellent cocksucker and 
good piece of ass to the men that fuck you, and of course a 
faithful devoted spouse."
	"Of course you're correct.  However, I do remember the 
first time one of the doctors asked me why I'd never  
sucked an erect penis and tasted the hot creamy ejaculate 
that a man with a big cock could give me.  For some strange 
reason, I couldn't give him a good answer.  At the same 
time, it also seemed like sucking on a cock was something I 
had a yearning to try.  When I basically told him that, he 
told me to follow him.  He led me to a small room that what 
looked like an examination room. 
	"He took out a big sheet of white card board and had 
me write on it.  I felt like I shouldn't do it, but he was 
so persuasive. I did as he directed me to.  I wrote on the 
cardboard.  "PLEASE HELP A CISSI STUDENT WHO NEEDS 
EXPERIENCE SUCKING COCKS.  PLEASE!!!  LET ME SUCK YOUR 
PENIS.  HELP ME LEARN TO SUCK COCKS.  I WILL GLADLY SWALLOW 
ALL YOU GIVE ME!
	"It worked.  Over the next three hours, 9 men were 
nice enough to help me out when they saw the sign.  They 
all were eager to help me out by pushing their hard dicks 
down my throat.  They gave me so much hot creamy jism."
	"Carl, it's so touching to hear stories of people 
helping people.  You definitely should be proud of yourself 
and all you've accomplished in such a short time."
	"I am mother Jones, thank you for your praise."

======CARL'S REFLECTIONS ON HIS NEW "CISSI" SELF========

	My wife and I get along so much better now that it's 
clear to me that she's not really cheating on me.  How 
silly of me to even think that now that I look back on 
things.  It's certainly not cheating, now that she's told 
me and I know what she's doing.
	She'll be home later tonight after I get the kids all 
bathed and put to bed.  Oh darn, I forgot it's Friday 
night.  That means she may not get back tonight at all.  
That's the only thing about her and the weekends.  She 
sometimes doesn't get home until Sunday afternoon.
	Oh well, as I was saying, communications is extremely 
important in a marriage.  Once I understood that just 
because my wife was having sex with several different men 
while we are married, didn't mean she was cheating on me.  
She of course was committing adultery, but not cheating.  
You see cheating means to deceive in some manner.  As she 
explained, she wasn't deceiving me, she really was just 
getting me help in the performance of my husbandly duties.
Duties, that I apparently was failing at, but didn't take
notice of.  
	Her being the good wife, didn't bother to tell me, but 
instead went about getting the necessary assistance and not 
worrying me.
	When she first told me all this.  I took it all as a 
play on words and was very angry.  However, at the 
suggestion of both our moms, I went to the Concepts In 
Spousal Satisfaction Institute.
	At CISSI, after just one session, what she was telling 
me started to sink in.  I felt so silly.  In fact the 
therapist told me I was one of the easiest patients to get 
through the first treatment so quick.  I was proud to hear 
him say that the level of my intellect made it easier for 
the session to go much quicker than on the average person.
	My wife also went in another room for her own 
treatment.  I met her there after mine was completed.
	Her treatment consisted of her having sex with a well 
built black chap, who really put it to her.  She was quite 
disheveled and red in the face, as well as her genitals, 
not to mention she'd been flooded with a copious load, no, 
loads of his spermy discharges.
	While she sat there with her legs parted and the 
dreamiest expression I've ever seen on her face, the black 
assistant explained to me that since it was obvious I was 
incapable of giving my wife what she'd just experienced, 
that for her to get that type activity from other men 
should not be perceived as cheating or unnatural.
	"You do want the best for your wife?  Don't you?"
	I could only answer yes.  That day we left the CISSI 
hand in hand and more in love than ever.
	I also left there with the taste of the black 
assistant's jism in my mouth and a great deal of his cum in 
my tummy.  That was the start of my pussy clean ups which 
continued for the last 11 years.
	I came to understand that it was my duty to see to it 
that my wife got the sexual activity that I couldn't 
provide.  Doing less meant that I wasn't being a diligent 
husband.
	I of course have always prided myself in being a good 
husband, hence I see to it that my wife has the opportunity 
to see all the other men she needs to help me meet my 
husbandly responsibility to her.

	I believe I've done a rather remarkable job, even if 
in the process of her getting the satisfaction she needs 
she'd had several babies from her lovers and studs.  In 
fact all seven of our children are the product of her being 
well satisfied by other men.  
 
	To her, abortion was out of the question.  Since the 
pregnancies occurred while she was getting what I wasn't 
capable of giving to her, she and CISSI both were of the 
opinion that since she got impregnated by having surrogate 
sex for me, that I was basically the surrogate father and 
therefore fully responsible for the inseminations even 
though I wasn't the active party in getting her pregnant.  
To not accept responsibility and not be an accepting father 
would show me up as less that a good husband and spouse.

	I can't seem to find any reason not to agree with this.
	
++++++++++END+++++++++

