Author: Bakeboss
Title: Aunt Teaches me Respect
Summary: A mother thinks her son is out of control and sends him to his aunt who teaches him to respect women while taking his cherry
Keywords: first time, oral, cuckold,
   It was the summer of my eighteenth year, I was out of high school and heading to college in the fall, and I wanted this summer to be one I would never forget.  Oh, I will never forget it but not because it was fun.  The first weekend I went to a party with friends, we all got drunk and on the way home, we were stopped and ended up arrested, the only good news being no one got hurt and I wasn't driving.  The only thing the police did to me was make me call my mom to come get me.  She was furious, in fact, so mad she didn't say a word all the way home.  Once inside she went to her room and slammed the door not even bothering with good night.

  The next morning by the time I got up mom had already left for work and I began to hope she would cool down by the time she got home.  To try to score points with her I stayed home, I cleaned the house including my room did some yard work and even started the laundry.  In the afternoon, I took a shower then I lay on my bed and looked at some stashed porno while jacking off.  The problem was after I finished instead of hiding my porn I fell asleep and that was how my mother found me naked asleep on my bed next to a dirty mag.  I awoke to the sound of my magazine being ripped to shreds.  I covered myself and tried to apologize but she just glared at me.
"Lee this was all I needed to see you are out of control.  I can see you have no respect for me or any woman by the looks of that filth.  I have decided, you are going to spend the rest of the summer with your aunt and uncle up state.  Get packed you're leaving in the morning." 
I pleaded, I begged, I even demanded all to no avail, her mind was made up and I was going.  All I could think about was there goes my whole summer.  What kind of fun could I have in the boondocks?

  As I sat on the floor of the train station waiting for Aunt Mandy; I flipped through a magazine, but looked up when I felt someone there.  I was staring right into a camel toe just inches from my nose; I swallowed hard and looked up to see my aunt smiling at me.
"You ready to go boy?  We got things to do at the house so let's get a move on."
She was wearing nothing but a sports bra and a pair of leotards.  Her nipples stuck out like marbles and the little bra was sweat stained and frayed around the edges.  I was so close to her crotch I could see every detail of her pussy through the tight stretched leotard.  I had always thought she was old like my mother but I could tell now she must still be in her thirties.  She had a few lines in her face but her figure was dynamite and I couldn't keep my eyes off her.

   In the car, she said she had been exercising and had forgotten about me so she rushed down without changing.  She put her hand on my thigh just inches from the hardon I was trying to conceal.
"Lee, this is going to be a tough summer for you but if you obey me you will have some real fun."
I said yes Mam Aunt Mandy, she told me to call he Ms. Mandy because aunt made her sound old.  We entered the back door to see my Uncle Jack on his hands and knees cleaning the kitchen floor.  He greeted us but did not get up saying he was almost done.
"This is one of the jobs that will be yours; I expect this floor to sparkle every morning.  Follow me I'll show you your room."
I walked up the stairs behind mesmerized by her rear end.  Her ass looked big and round yet so firm I stared at the two dimples just above her leotard watching them sway back and forth and felt my erection grow firmer.  The first thing I noticed about my room was no door and then I saw the bathroom had no door either.
"The first lesson is you have no privacy here, you better not let me catch you playing with yourself and believe it, I'll be checking on you.  I'll take your suitcase; you wear what I have for you in these drawers.  Get changed and come down stairs and we'll get started."
The only thing I found to wear looked like maybe a pair of bicycle shorts except the butt wasn't padded.  They fit snug against my body and my dick still firm made an obscene lump in the front.  Red faced I made my way downstairs to find my Uncle on his knees before Aunt, I mean Ms. Mandy.  When I got closer, I could see Uncle Jack was painting Ms. Mandy's toenails.
"Good you found the clothes, come here I want to look at you.  There is only one rule in this house and that is whatever I say to do you do.  Do you understand?"
"Yes Ms. Mandy," was all I could say.
"Jack are you done?" 
Jack answered "Yes Mistress," I turned to look at him in shock.
"Stand up I want to show young Jack what happens if I catch you playing with yourself.  Pull em down."
He stood and pulled his shorts down to his ankles.  Uncle Jack had some kind of devise locked around his genitals, his penis was in this thing, and it was padlocked around his balls.  I looked to Ms. Mandy and noticed she was fingering a little key on a chain around her neck.  She asked Jack how long he had been in his cage and he replied, "Ten days Mistress," I didn't know what I was witnessing but for some reason it was very arousing to me.  She reached over and grabbed my balls with one hand, then began to stroke my erection with the other, 
"I would hate to lock this pretty thing up so you mind me and keep your hands off.  So tell me Jack, are you still a virgin?"
It was so embarrassing to have this grown woman handling my genitals and asking about my sex life and yet so erotic I was afraid I might cum in my shorts.
"Yes Mam, I'm not very good around girls.  Please stop, I'm afraid I'll have an accident, oh it feels so good."
"Yes I know it does, but don't you worry you won't have an accident when Auntie's in charge."
I was past caring about embarrassing myself any more, I just wanted to cum.  Just before the point of no return, I felt a searing pain, as Ms. Mandy squeezed my balls.  I screamed out first in pain and then in frustration as my cock softened and my much-needed climax deserted me.
"In my house you only get to cum when I want you to.  Now put your hands behind your back and come kneel in front of me here."
She pointed to the floor in front of her chair and I meekly did as instructed.  Next, she had me place my chin on the chair between her legs.  She lifted her dress giving me a view of her silky panties.
"Jack I'm going to take your cherry but not until I teach you the pleasures of pleasing a woman.  First you will learn how erotic my scent is, how slide forward, and put your nose up to my panties."
She held my head then put her feet on my shoulders; slowly she began to rub her panty-covered pussy against my nose.  The bump at the top of her pussy grew like a little cock and her panties grew wet with her juices.  Her scent, as she called it was intoxicating and I wanted more.  I tried to push my nose deeper into her panties but she held my head firmly.  I almost cried when she pushed my head back but when she put her finger to her little cock I watched it grow even bigger.
"This is my clit and I like to have it played with just right, now give it a kiss, yes just like that.  OK put it between your lips, perfect, now suck it gently."
I kept sucking her clit, my saliva, and her juices drenching her panties.  I began to rub my tongue against her, harder and harder I rubbed until she pushed my head away.  She clamped my head between her thighs and I thought I had done something wrong.  She slowly released her grip on me I raised my head,
"I'm so sorry Ms. Mandy, I didn't mean to hurt you, please don't be mad at me.  I'll do better just let me try."
She chuckled and tousled my hair,
"You did fine boy, it's just when you make me cum my clitty get tender.  Now be a good boy and take my wet panties off."
As I sled them down her legs I caught just a glimpse of her pussy, I couldn't see her clit and knew it must be hiding inside her pussy lips.  I handed her panties to her, she told me to stand up and pull down my shorts.
"You did a good job so I am going to let you cum.  Put my panties to you face and enjoy my scent while I take care of you."
Once again, she held my balls while she rubbed my cock as I rutted like a pig in her panties trying to catch all of her scent.  She kept playing stroking me to the edge and then squeezing my ball to stop me.  When she was ready, she told me to cum in her panties, I put them over my cock and erupted in streams inside her lacy under things.
 "OK you can take these to bed with you, but do not jack off and I expect you to hand wash them for me in the morning."
I turned to go and saw Uncle Jack, I had forgotten about him.  I wondered if watching me make his wife cum bothered him but I couldn't tell.  As I went upstairs, I heard Ms. Mandy tell him it was his turn.  I turned around and saw him down on his knees as I had been with his face between her legs.

   I had wild erotic dreams all night and woke up to a raging hard on.  I remembered my warning and left myself alone.  I took Ms. Mandy's delicate panties to my bathroom and after sniffing them one more time I gently washed then hung them over my shower rod to dry.  I went down to breakfast, not with thoughts of food but with thought of lust.  Uncle Jack was cooking breakfast dressed only in his cock cage while Ms. Mandy wore just some panties and a sport bra.
"Good morning Lee, are you ready to become a man today?"
"Yes Mam, I dreamt about it all night long."
"I know you were a good boy and didn't play with yourself last night, so after breakfast we'll continue with our training."

   After eating Ms. Mandy took me upstairs to her bedroom, she told me Uncle Jack was not allowed in her room so she left the door open so he could listen.  She had me undress and then had me take her bra and panties off her.  She sat on the bed and showed me what I had felt with my lips the night before.  Her huge clit was already protruding and I wanted to put it in my mouth but she made me wait.
"Jack I'm teaching you to always put the pleasure of your lady ahead of your own.  Any woman who allows you to honor her body deserves respect and devotion."
She had me lie on the bed then she sat on my chest rubbing her clit just inches from my face.  I was so excited I was panting but still she made me wait.  Finally, when I thought I could stand it no more she mounted my face putting her clit in my mouth.  I sucked like a baby taking her mother's breast, I couldn't get enough, and her pussy was leaking copious fluids all over my chin.  Ms. Mandy came with a huge moan, moving back off my face she stared at me with a smile.  She began rubbing her juices into my face,
"You like that don't you boy?  After a climax like that you deserve your first fuck or do you want another face fuck first."
"Yes Ms. Mandy let me kiss it some more."
She answered by putting her pussy back on my face.  She took her time rubbing her wet pussy up and down my face covering me in her juices.  She seemed to like rubbing my nose on her clit as I tongued her pussy, her large lips spread like a flower across my face.  As she began to hump me faster and faster I knew she was close, I put my mouth on her clit and began to suck.  She screamed as she came one more time and pulled herself off my face.  She was gasping for air and saying, no more but she was smiling.

  My Aunt got off the bed and went to the nightstand; she pulled out a box of condoms,
"When you are pleasuring a woman the first rule is use a rubber, I always make my men were rubbers, even Jack.  I'm sure you won't last long this first time but you will get better with practice."
She was right I was a afraid I would cum before she had the rubber on me.  I watched as she mounted me then taking my cock in her hand she rubbed it between her lips, then, impaled herself.  She sat still but I could feel her muscles contracting around me, she reached behind me and grasped my balls squeezing gently.  Slowly she began to move and then as she felt my cum rising up in my ball she ordered me to cum.  I came on command and somehow knew I had become a man, I could not only please a woman I could be pleased by her.

      I definitely had a summer I would never forget, not only did my Aunt take my cherry  she taught me to respect women and to learn what they desired and then give it to them.  After that summer my aunt never made love to me again, she said she knew I had learned what to do and that I needed no more lessons.  As far as Uncle Jack, I learned to respect that he knew what he wanted and would do anything to keep his wife happy.  I only hope that someday I marry someone like Ms. Mandy.
	
 



