                            Im Sure I Had Clothes On When I Arrived
                                          By Lust 4 Life

A true, story about an interesting night at a new girl friends house. M/F

Waking Up

Uh-h-h. Probably ought to get up I thought. The sun was long up. In fact it had been up 
the last 2 times we fucked. Her body was soft and warm next to me in the bed, but I 
needed to pee and was feeling peckish. Managed to slide my legs off the edge of the bed 
and stand up. Now where the fuck are my clothes? I wondered. Im pretty sure I was 
wearing clothes when I got here yesterday. I shambled out of the bedroom, down the 
hall and into the living room. And burst out laughing at the sight. Scattered around the 
room were a bottle of Tequila, shot glasses, various articles of clothing including bra, 
panties, my underwear, an electric clit vibrator, some empty plates from cheese, bread, 
and pate nibbles, and a backgammon game. It all came flooding back  oh what a night!

I met her on-line maybe a month before. We had flirted a bit, exchanged pictures and 
some fantasies, and decided to meet. Unlike many on-line people, her photos did not do 
her justice: tall, blonde, large breasts and while not thin, not particularly overweight 
either. A few walks in a park ended with us fucking in the woods. Now she had invited 
me to spend the night at her house.

The Night Before

We decided nibbles and strip backgammon would be a fun way to spend the evening 
warming up in front of the fire. The rules were whenever you took one of your opponents 
pieces they had to shed a piece of clothing but when we got low on clothing it devolved 
to whatever the person who captured a piece wanted  a sexual favor or a shot. And no 
reset between games. So the first game resulted in the loss of most of our clothes. Then 
things got interesting. I also noticed our strategies for play changed: the goal was no 
longer to win, but instead to take the other persons pieces, even if we left ourselves open.

She was the first to lose all her clothes, so I had her do a shot for the first several pieces I 
captured. Then she took one of mine and asked me to eat her (1 minute). Yum! Then she 
took another of mine and decided she wanted to suck my dick (again, 1 minute). Well, 
who was I to complain? Next I captured one of her pieces. Hmm-m-m? What to have her 
do? Oh yes! I remembered that she was into toys. In particular we had exchanged stories 
about meeting her in public with her wearing a strap on clit vibrator. So I told her to go 
get it and use it on herself for 1 minute. As the games continued, I noticed that we 
switched from asking the other person to perform oral sex on us, to asking to performing 
oral sex on the other person: When I took one of her pieces my reward was to eat her, 
when she took one of mine, her reward was to suck my cock and lick my balls. Along the 
way I had her do a few more shots of Tequila and a couple of times we did a nice 69 on 
the sofa.

Around midnight we finally staggered off to bed and the first of several fucks. She 
sucked my cock for a bit, then got on top and eased her snatch down over my cock, 
fucking me while I massaged her large breasts. After a few minutes I rolled her over and 
fuck her until I emptied my nuts in her hot pussy. I remember feeling the cum building at 
the base of my cock and her cries of Yes, fuck it! Fuck it! Give me your cum! as she 
felt me getting closer, my thrusting becoming erratic just before I felt my cum spurt 
through my cock and into her. We soon fell asleep, but were both exceptionally horny 
and about every 2 hours one of us would wake the other and after a few minutes of 
groping and fondling, I would again find myself between her legs, fucking that hot 
pussy. We must have fucked 5 times before I finally decided it was time to get up.

Simultaneous Orgasms

This girl friend was the most highly sexed woman I have ever been with. Most women 
have one orgasm during sex, maybe two during a long session. This lady would typically 
have perhaps 5 before I came in her. Sometimes she would ask me to stop part way 
through because her body was just spasming out of control and needed a break from the 
stimulation before I continued. We each said the other was the only person who had ever 
been able to keep up with our sex drives. It was typical for us to fuck several hours at a 
time, several times per day when we were together (not much else got done, nor did we 
get much sleep!).

Well, simultaneous orgasms are rare and pretty cool. Usually one partner comes and then 
the other but it is neat when you feel the other person reaching their peak just as you do. I 
have had a few simultaneous orgasms, sometimes just fortuitously reaching the peak at 
the same time, once or twice being near the peak and feeling my partner start her orgasm 
and being driven over the edge by her moans, thrashing, and pussy clenching on my dick. 
Sometimes I start to cum and the feel of my cock throbbing inside and spurting drives the 
woman over the edge into her orgasm.

But those are just two people, each having their orgasm at the same time. A cock pulsing 
and spurting and at the same time a pussy is spasming and clenching in orgasm. With this 
lady, I had a unique experience I have never had before, one orgasm in two bodies. We 
did not merely have two orgasms at the same time, instead our orgasms were perfectly 
synched. I was fucking her, feeling the pressure building at the base of my cock as I got 
closer and closer. Finally it hit, I was cuming in her. As each pulse rushed through my 
cock I wanted to groan, but the sensation was too intense, all I could do was think Uh-
h! with each pulse and keep going. But each time I thought Uh-h, in absolutely perfect 
time, she cried out Uh-h! and thrust up against me squeezing me tight both with her 
arms and her pussy. I was vaguely aware of this as I was spurting into her and thought 
she was just enjoying feeling me cum in her and encouraging me. But afterward she said 
no, that was her orgasm. Every pulse of my penis made her pussy contract in another 
wave of orgasm and those cries were for her orgasm, not helping me along as it were.

Wow! That was intense. Completely in synch, two bodies, one shared orgasm.

