This Time It's All Different (story codes: Mf15)

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

=============


The party was a total bust. I went with my friend Cindy but she ran into a guy she used to know and they hooked up and I was left to fend for myself. I didn't know anyone else, and I was totally bored. At least there was a place outside, kinda around the corner, where I could just sit and be alone and try to figure out what I should do--should I get a cab? It'd cost a million dollars to get home from here, and I don't have much money.

Right about then this guy came around the corner and was a little surprised to see me. "Oh, hello," he says.

"Hi," I say. He was an older guy, but he looked nice, at least. He introduced himself, "Chris," holding out a hand.

"Stacy," I say back, shaking his hand.

"Good to meet you," he says. "Having fun tonight?"

"Sure," I say, not willing to unload my problems on this dude.

"You don't seem convinced," he says. I just kinda smiled at him. "Hey, how 'bout I get you a beer?" he asks.

Oh, what the fuck, I was thinking, I don't have anything else to do, I can sit here and drink a beer with this guy before I figure out what to do. Maybe if I'm nice, he'll offer me a ride. So I say, Sure.

It took him a while to get back, and he was all apologetic--"For such a crappy party, you wouldn't think the keg would be so crowded. Or, maybe you would--what else is there to do but get drunk?"

"Yeah, no kidding."

"So, you're not having a good time either?"

"No," I say, "my friend ditched me for some guy and I don't know anyone else here."

"Yeah, I came with a couple of buddies and they're off god knows where, I haven't seen them all night."

I gave him a little twinkle in my eye, "I'm not even sure how the hell I'll get home."

He sat down next to me and handed me one of the beers. "I'm thinking of taking off soon," he says, "I could give you a ride home."

I was thinking, yeah! A ride! "Sure," I say. But I felt a bit guilty because I live on the other side of the city and it's a long drive. "But, I live over in New Richmond." He looked a little funny and I could tell he was thinking that he regretted offering me a ride. "Sorry, it's probably way out of your way" I say, and he's like, "It's OK," and I say, "You don't have to if you don't want to," and he's like, "No, don't worry about it."

So then I say, "I'll make it worth your time," and I smiled at him.

He looked at me, sorta surprised, like he didn't know what to make of that!

Anyway, he did give me a ride, we left a little while after we had those beers, and when we got close to my house, I'm thinking, I said I would make it worth his time, and, well, a promise is a promise, right? So I had him turn on this old dirt road near my house, where all us kids go to make out, and I had him park. Then I just leaned over and unzipped his pants and fished his dick out. It was totally limp, and I took the whole thing in my mouth, then I sat up a bit and smiled at him and he was all wide-eyed and excited. I love that look--guys are so horny! Even older guys are totally horny!

Then I went back to his dick. The poor little guy was hard as a rock now, a big ol' boner. And I just went to work, using my most efficient head-job method--lots of spit so his dick is all slick, so my hand slides up and down in rhythm with my mouth. I can get a guy off in a couple minutes, no problem. And this guy must have been pretty hard up, because it was hardly any work at all, it couldn't have been more than a minute or two before he started shooting his load. 

I kept at it while he came, jacking him off and keeping his head in my mouth so I get it all and don't make a mess or anything. It didn't taste good, of course, but I can handle come in my mouth for a little while. You know. When he's done unloading, I sat up and sorta smiled at him even though my mouth was full of his come. He was still wide-eyed and looked totally happy to have just gotten a nice quick servicing from me. I spit his come out in my hand--I've never have been able to swallow the shit--and then opened the door and tossed it on the ground.

When we got to my house, he asked me for my phone number, and I'm like, yeah, you just want another blow job, dude. But, he seemed nice enough, so what the heck, I'd blow him again I suppose. He does have a nice big cock. So I gave him my number.

It took a while for him to call, which surprised me because usually after you give a guy a blow job he wants another one so bad that calls you right away. But, eventually, I got a call on my cell phone and he's like, "Hi, this is Chris, the guy from the party," and I think, yeah, the guy with the big dick that shot off so quick. He wanted to take me to dinner Friday night, and I was cool with that, so we set up a date.

At the restaurant he ordered a bottle of wine and the waitress looked me over and asked for ID. I tell her I'm not old enough. "Not old enough, huh?" he said after the waitress left, and I wondered if I should tell him how old I really am, but I decided not to. He let me drink some of his wine anyway.

After dinner, we went back to his place and we drank more wine. After a while, I was feeling pretty good and I liked this guy and I'm thinking, I'm really not in the mood to give a blow job right now anyway, so I suppose I'll just let him fuck me. He kissed me and shit for a while, and then I'm like, "Let's go in your bedroom," and he was all excited, thinking that maybe I was gonna put out. I lay down on the bed and he laid on top of me and started kissing me and I spread my legs open and he sorta started humping me with our clothes on. then he took my clothes off and I lay back with my legs spread. He took his clothes off really quick and he was practically shaking, he was so excited. Guys are funny, how excited they get, how badly they want to fuck. I'm thinking, don't worry dude, take your time, I'm easy, I'll put out. He's got a big hard-on and now I can see his whole dick, and it looks really big, big hairy balls and everything, and I'm thinking, god I like a big cock! It's so much better to get fucked by a big dick like this, than the little pricks most guys my age have.

He was so excited he was practically shaking when he climbed on me. What a horny fuck, huh? He put his cock in me and it slid right in, I was so wet. Guess I'm a horny fuck too! This was no one minute and I'm getting off shit this time, like when I blew him. No, he took his merry fucking time screwing me, that's for damn sure, sometimes fucking me really fast and hard, but then he'd stop and hold it in me for a bit and then fuck me slower, then faster again. He was really having fun, and I just lay there with my legs open and my arms up over my head and let him do it. After a while, I'm thinking, shit, is this dude ever gonna come? My legs are getting sore, you know? But then he's like, "I'm gonna come soon," totally breathless, and I'm like, "Go for it." So he grabbed my head and slammed me a couple of times and unloaded.

Afterwards we're laying in bed drinking more wine and he asked me what I do, like for a job or whatever, and I'm like, "I'm in school," and he's like, "Yeah? Where do you go?" and I tell him New Richmond High, and he's like, "High school?" totally surprised.

I giggle--how old did he think I was? So then he sort of says,

"So... How old are you?"

"How old do you think I am?"

"Well, I guess eighteen? I would have said twenty..."

I giggled again. "I'm fifteen."

He's like, "No shit!?!"

And I'm like, "No shit."

I could tell he was thinking, wow, I just fucked a fifteen year old! Then he's like, "I don't even want to tell you how old I am," and I'm like, "I know you're older, it's OK, I don't care." Anyway, he must have enjoyed the idea of fucking a fifteen year old, because a minute later he climbed on top of me and started kissing me and pretty soon he's got his dick in me again, and even though I was all sloppy and kinda sore from the first time, I just lay there and let him fuck me anyway. I don't know, that's just the kind of girl I am. He took his time, wanting to enjoy it I suppose since now he knew it's a fifteen year old pussy, and I was sore and everything but I just let him enjoy it. Have fun, dude! That's always my attitude, you know? Anyway, he did his business and then we got dressed and he took me home.

The next time we got together, I was having my period so after dinner I told him I couldn't fuck him but I'd give him a blow job if he wanted. Ten seconds later I was on my knees and he was standing with his big dick in my face. This time I gave him a real good blow job, I did it up, sucking his head for a while first, no hands or anything, just sucking his head. He tried to push it in me a bit but I really couldn't let it go very far, I'm no throat job girl, you know? But I let him try a bit, 'cause I know guys like that. Then I spent some time licking him, licking his shaft, running my tongue up and down. I kissed his balls, and that made him real happy so I gave them some attention, kissing them, looking at them, blowing on them a bit.

After a while I went back to sucking his head, and only then did I start using my hand, beating him real gently while his head was in my mouth, then finally letting the spit flow down his cock and starting to use my most efficient method, my hand sliding over his slick wet dick in rhythm with my mouth, my other hand holding onto his balls. I could tell he was gonna come, but it wasn't time yet. Gotta make it last, you know? A girl's job is to blow her man for as long as she can, make him endure it forever before he finally gets to unload his shit. So I stopped, just holding his dick with both hands, the head in my mouth. I taste a little bit of his salty come oozing out of his head, but I could tell I stopped in time.

Once he'd settled down a bit, once he realized I wasn't going to let him come yet, I started sliding my hand on his wet dick again, bobbing my head up and down, playing with his balls. Then once I figured I'd got him back to where he was just about ready to come again, I stopped again and just held it until the feeling left him. I looked up at him and he had this sweet, happy smile, but I knew it was torture for him, too, because he wanted to come so badly. I took his head out of my mouth. "Do you want to come?" I say in my best little innocent voice, like I honestly didn't know if he wanted to or not. "Yeah," he says, totally breathless.

"Yeah?" I went back to blowing him but I stopped again before he blew.

"You want to come in my mouth?" I say.

"Yeah," he says again. I could sense a bit of frustration, like he really needed to unload now. This is my favorite part, when they get desperate to blow. 

"You want me to finish you off right now?" He nodded, excited. I opened my mouth. "You gonna give me a big load?"

"Oh, yeah!" he says.

I left my mouth wide open and started beating him with his head sitting on my tongue, aimed right in my mouth. "Please come," I said, my words muffled a bit by his head in my mouth, "please come in my mouth, make me your dirty girl." Then I wrapped my lips around his head, closing my mouth on it. His cock was kinda dry so even though I didn't have much spit left, I got some out and then I gave him a couple of nice, hard, tight strokes, all it took was two, and he exploded. I kept my mouth around his head and beat him while he came, squeezing his balls to milk every drop out of him. When he was done, I sat back and smiled up at him, and then I opened my mouth so he could see his come in it, 'cause I know guys like that.

When I got back from rinsing my mouth out, he's like, "That was the best blow job I've ever got in my life." 

I smiled really sweet at him and say "Thanks." 

Then he's like, "How did you learn to give a blow job like that?" 

And I'm like, "It's a long story." 

And he says, "Go ahead, tell me!"

So I told him the story about the first guy I had sex with. "The first guy that fucked me, he was like a neighbor, his family was good friends with us and I babysat his kids and stuff. I really liked him, he was always really nice, but I hated his wife, she was just a bitch. Anyway, when I was twelve, we were all up at their cabin for a week, and I was out riding my bike and when I got back he tells me everyone's down at the beach, so I run upstairs to put on my swimming suit and I'm about half-way undressed and the guy walks right in the room. He's like, 'Oh, sorry, my suit's in here,' and I'm like covering up myself, you know, and he's like, 'Don't worry, we're very open around here. You just keep changing.' And he starts changing so I just kept changing too. I felt funny about it, of course, but I just took off the rest of my clothes 'cause I didn't know what else to do, and the next thing I know, I feel his hands on my shoulders, he's rubbing my shoulders and he starts telling me how much he likes me and how beautiful I am and shit like that, and then I realize he doesn't have any pants on, and he's got a big boner and everything, and then he sorta pushes me onto the bed and climbs on top of me and he puts his dick in me."

Chris was listening very intently. "Wow," he says, "So... He raped you?"

And I'm like, "Well, I guess, I mean, I never thought of it like that. I mean, I never told him to stop or anything. I liked the guy and I was always totally curious about sex and everything so I guess I just let him do it.

"Anyway, he was done pretty quick and then we just got our suits on and went swimming. We did it another time that week, too, we were out hiking together and he had me pull my pants off and lay down and he did it to me again. That time, I totally wanted him to. I totally wanted to feel him in me again.

"So after that, we were back home and I was babysitting his kids after school 'cause his wife had a class or something, and he got home from work. And he tells me there's not enough time to have sex before his wife gets home, and besides the kids are in the next room watching TV, so he asks me to give him a blow job. I'm like, 'OK.' We went in the bathroom and he put his dick in my mouth and jacked off. He told me I had to catch it all in my mouth, so we don't make a mess or anything, so I did.

"After that, we did that a lot, and he started telling me how to do it so he didn't have to jack off. He mainly just wanted me to be quick about it, he just wanted me to get his rocks off as quick as I could so the kids wouldn't walk in on us or anything, he always said, 'Use lots of spit, and use your hand and your mouth together, so it's like your mouth and your hand are your pussy.' I got really good at doing that, I could get him off in like two or three minutes if I really tried.

"Wow, so how long did this go on?"

"They moved away last year. We had sex a bunch, too, but mainly it was blow jobs. I must have blown him a hundred times."

"You ever give him a hand job? Just use your hands?"

"No," I say. "I always use my mouth, guys always seem to like that, nobody's ever complained."

"Here's what we're going to do," he says, in a real sort of commanding voice. "You're gonna take off your shirt and your bra, and I'm gonna kiss your tits while you jack me off." Seemed kinda kinky to me, but I'm game for pretty much anything, you know? I never really much liked having guys kiss my tits, I just always thought it was kinda boring. Some boys, it's like all they want to do, they're totally obsessed with boobs, but, you know me, I usually let 'em get their fill if that's really what they want. So, I took my shirt and my bra off and he sorta laid down with his head in my lap, I was sitting on the couch, and he had his pants off and he was big and hard again and he started kissing my tit. He just kinda pushed his face up into it, not kissing my nipple or anything, just pushing his face into the bottom, the underside I guess, of my tit. I don't have very big tits, they're pretty small, maybe that's why I don't like guys kissing them too much because I'm kinda embarrassed of them? Anyway, I wouldn't think he would find too much to enjoy, down there underneath my little tits, but he seemed to be enjoying himself, pushing his face into it. He lifted his face up.

"OK," he says, "here's what I want you to do. Cup your hand under your breast"--he took my hand and put it on my tit--"and hold it up, so your nipple is sticking out--yeah, like that." I was kinda squeezing my tit a bit, so my nipple was sticking out. "Now, while I'm sucking on it, just kinda squeeze it a little." He leaned in and started sucking on my nipple and I squeezed my tit a couple times. "Not so much, you don't have to squeeze it so much, just a real gentle squeeze, like you're nursing a baby and just trying to get a little milk out." He went back to sucking on it and I squeezed it just a little. It was weird, it really was just like nursing, and that thought kinda turned me on. I never would have thought I'd be turned on at the idea of nursing! Totally weird! He lifted his head a little bit. "Now, with your other hand, start jacking me off."

So I reached down and I started sliding my hand up and down his cock, and he went back to sucking on my nipple, and all the sudden I'm like, shit, that feels really good! Something about the way he sucked on my nipple was totally different than all the other guys. This guy, I don't know, I was like totally turned on while he sucked. He had the whole nipple in his mouth, and he was sorta sucking it in and letting it go and sucking it in again, and it was like my nipple just fit perfect in his mouth, I could feel his tongue underneath it and I could feel my nipple go deep into his mouth as he sucked it in, and pretty soon I was like squeezing my tit and stroking his cock in rhythm with his sucking.

He let go of the nipple and sat up a bit and he moved his face over to the other tit, and I cupped it in my hand and started squeezing it and he started sucking on the nipple and it felt really good again and I was wishing I could give him some milk. It's a totally weird thought, like, here I found myself thinking, god I wish I had a baby, 'cause then he could suck milk out of me! I could tell it would work, it felt like milk is about ready to come out of me right then! This is the first time I'd ever wished I had a baby, but there I was thinking, maybe this guy would get me pregnant, maybe I could have his baby and...

Right then, it was totally amazing, I started coming. I don't think I'd ever come before without playing with my pussy or anything. But something about having him nursing on my tits and thinking about having his baby--it totally got me off! I was totally shaking and moaning and not even jacking him off anymore, just holding onto his cock really hard, like I'm never gonna let go. When I was done coming, I laid back on the couch and just said, "Oh, god." I wanted to tell him that I wanted to have his baby, but I figured that wouldn't go over too well so I kept that as my own little secret. Then he got up on his knees in front of me, straddling me, and started jacking off, and pretty soon he gets right in my face and he started coming, right on my face. I really don't like getting a guy's shit on my face, that's why I always take it in the mouth, you know? But I knew he wanted to do it so I let him. That's the kind of girl I am, right? Anyway, he didn't have a lot of come left in him since I'd really drained him good the first time, so it wasn't too bad.

That night after he took me home, I'm sitting there thinking about all this and what I'm really thinking is, I think I'm in love. Fuck, I think I'm in love with this guy. I'd never been in love before, sex and dating and all that was just something I did for fun, and fucking was mainly just to make the guy feel good, make him want to fuck you again so that he treats you nice and dotes on you and acts like your boyfriend so he can get his dick wet again. I'd never really enjoyed sex very much, it was just something I did, but here I am thinking, I can't wait until Chris fucks me again, I can't wait until he's got his big cock in me and sucks on my tits some more.

On our next date, he took me to a movie. The whole time, I'm thinking, let's don't go to a movie, let's just go to your place and fuck. Let's go to your place and make babies. But, it was kinda fun anyway because the movie theater wasn't very crowded and we kinda messed around in the dark, he squeezed my tits a bit and I put my hand down his pants, shit like that. When we got back to his place, I didn't even wait for him to get a glass of wine or anything, I just went right into his bedroom and took off my clothes and lay down on his bed. When he came in the room, I spread my legs open, like, come and fuck me now. He was shaking as he took his pants off, he was so excited, and I'm thinking, don't worry, I'm easy, I'm so easy. I'm your easy little girl, come and fuck your easy little girl.

His dick slid right in, I was so fucking wet. All I wanted right then is to have him in me, to give my body to him and let him love me. I wrapped my legs around him, real dirty, and he fucked me for a long time, like he always does, he starts out real hard, but then slows down, then speeds up, then stops and just holds himself in me for a while, then starts up real slow again. This is the way he fucks--slow, then getting faster, then stops and holds himself in me, then slow again, then faster, then stops. Or, sometimes he just sets a nice steady pace, slow enough that he's not gonna come at least not any time soon, and keeps at it for a really long time, and I love it 'cause I can feel his big balls bounce against me the whole time.

He kept fucking me for a long time, until my legs were sore from being spread open for so long, and my pussy was sore from being fucked like a whore, but I didn't care, I love it, this is how he fucks and I love it, it's so much better than all the other guys who've fucked me, who just want to get their rocks off inside me as quick as they can. Finally, when I could hardly take another minute of it, he grabbed my head, grabbed my hair and held my head so my face was straight up and right in front of him and he was looking at me, looking at me like, I don't know what, like he's totally in ecstasy. Like he's totally in love!

"Oh, Stacy," he says, staring right at my face. "Oh, Stacy, you're so beautiful! You're so beautiful!" I could tell he was going to come, and my heart was just pounding, pounding so hard! I wanted him to come so badly! "You're so beautiful!" he kept saying, "Oh god you're so beautiful!" My heart was pounding so hard, it felt like I was about to come too and I've never had an orgasm during sex like this before, but each time he says I'm beautiful it's like my whole body is on fire! "Oh fuck!" he says, "Oh, Stacy, you're so beautiful! Oh fuck!" and I knew he was coming now and then my whole body started shaking and I started coming and all I could think is, I love you I love you I love you! And the next thing I knew I was coming and I'm shouting it, "I love you, Chris! I love you!" He was done now, and he still had his cock in me and he's kissing me and my whole body was still shaking.

He climbed off of me and I was like mortified, 'cause I knew I just shouted "I love you" so loud his neighbors probably heard, and I knew it'll probably just scare him off, he wouldn't want to ever touch me again 'cause now he knows I'm in love with him. "I'm sorry," I say, "I got sorta carried away... I didn't... I didn't mean to..." "It's OK," he says, smiling real nice and kissing me.

And so that night at home, I was just mortified. I was just terrified that he was never gonna call again because I told him I loved him. But finally he did call, and I was so flustered when I was talking to him I just felt stupid. He said he's been really busy at work but he wanted to see me that weekend, and I'm like, "Sure!" and I knew I sound totally too excited about it and I felt stupid again. But I was really happy that he called.

When I was waiting for him to pick me up, I was thinking, I'm not going to do anything stupid this time, I'm not going to act like I'm in love with him or anything. So we were at his place and he was kissing me and playing with my tits and stuff and I just knew I was going to let him fuck me and I swore I was just gonna hang back and be like I always was before, just lay there and not enjoy it or anything, let him get his rocks off and then tell him to take me home like I don't really care
.
He took me to his bedroom and took off my clothes and I laid down but I didn't really open up my legs, 'cause I didn't want him to think I'm in love with him. And he opened my legs for me, kinda forcefully, but he didn't start fucking me, instead he leaned down and he started kissing my pussy! Oh man it felt really good. I was kinda embarrassed, because he was looking at it and playing with it with his fingers and stuff. I'd had other guys go down on me before, but they pretty much just licked it a couple times to get it ready so they could fuck it. But not Chris, he was down there for a long time, looking and fingering and kissing and licking and all that sort of shit.

And then he started running his tongue over my clit and I was just lost. It was fantastic, fucking fantastic. He didn't make me come, though--I wanted to and I was just about ready to but he stopped and he climbed up on me and put his dick in me and now I was so wet it was amazing how he just slid right in. He fucked me for a really long time, maybe longer than ever before, and I was really glad because that's all I really wanted was to get fucked by him again.

He didn't say anything the whole time he was fucking me, until the very end, when he grabbed my head again and held my face in front of his, like he did the last time, and he's like "You're so beautiful" again and that made me feel good, my heart was pounding really hard again. Then he's like, "Tell me you love me again." And I'm like, oh fuck, but I said it. I just sorta whispered, "I love you." "Say it again," he said. "I love you," I said, real quiet and breathless 'cause I was feeling so excited. Something about telling him I loved him again, it made me feel really good, right then I was really glad that I got to say it again. It's OK if he knows, isn't it? It's OK. "I love you," I say, louder this time, without him even asking me to. "Oh fuck," he says, "Oh fuck!" and I knew he was coming. "I love you!" I say really loud this time, wanting him to know, wanting him to hear it while he came. "Oh fuck Stacy!" he says, he lifted his head up in the air and his eyes were closed and I knew he's having an incredible orgasm right then and I was so happy!

He kissed me a lot when he was done coming, he left his cock in me and kissed me, but he didn't tell me he loved me. I was OK with that, though, for some reason it was OK, it was OK that he knew that I love him even if he doesn't love me or doesn't want to tell me he does or whatever.

Once we were done with the sex stuff, it was still pretty early so we watched a movie. We sat on his couch and snuggled and kissed and touched each other. When the movie was over, I'm like, "I probably ought to go home," and he's like, "OK," but when we were heading to the door he grabbed me around the waist, from behind, and started kissing me on the back of my neck. The next thing I knew he was pushing me over the kitchen table and unbuttoning my pants from behind, and he pulled them down and he pushed me down so I was bent over with my stomach on the table and my bare ass up in the air. Then he quick dropped his pants and the next thing I knew, he's pushing his dick into my pussy. I really wasn't wet but he didn't care, he was just pushing his dick into me dry and everything. He had one hand on my back, in between my shoulders, holding me down pretty hard and it hurt when he started fucking me 'cause I was still pretty dry and everything. But pretty soon I was wet enough that it was OK.

I'd never been fucked like this before. I'd never been fucked any way except the "missionary" position. All sex has ever been about for me is the guy getting his rocks off quick, that's it. I just lay down and spread my legs, that's all they ever want. So I felt kinda dirty, sitting there with my ass up in the air, and I can feel his big hairy balls thumping against me, their hair kinda tickling my clit.

Then he put one hand up on my neck, on the back of my head, and he pushed me down onto the table really hard so that my face hurt, it's pressed so hard into the table. Shit, he was being really rough! And then he just held my down by my neck and really fucked me hard, slamming in and out for a couple minutes until he grunted and came.

I felt really dirty after that. We were walking to his car and I could feel his shit leaking out of me and into my underwear and I felt like he used me, and I was kinda mad at him about it, especially after I just told him I love him and all that shit, to have him just push me over the kitchen table and basically rape me, it made me feel used and dirty and all that. I thought for a minute about telling him I didn't like it, and he can't ever do that to me again, but then I think, well, I'm his girlfriend, right? I love him, right? If sometimes he wants to get rough with me, do whatever he wants to me and not ask for permission, I guess that's my job as his girlfriend, to let him do it, right? It's not something I'm used to, but maybe I should get used to it, 'cause this time it's all different.

OK, fine, he doesn't have to ask for permission and he can be as rough as he wants. That's what it means to be in love with a guy, right? I just gotta get used to it I guess. 'Cause it's definitely all different this time.



[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
