Who's Who of Family Sex
bybangopee(C)
Mohanraj felt outraged spotting the police vehicle parked just outside his house and slammed his forehead in disgust. He almost jumped out of the car as it halted and ran into his house with absolute fury. His eyes turned red in anger seeing a couple of uniformed personnel inside the sitting room and sipping some coffee. 

"Who called the police?" Mohanraj screamed his throat out. 

Govind, his 20 year old son stood up from the sofa and replied with fear. "Dad, I called them."

"Have you gone crazy?" Mohanraj's anger found a new target in his ignorant son. "You want to see the headlines in tomorrow's newspapers? Do you want the whole city to know and laugh at the family?"

Govind decided not to speak any further once he knew that his Dad was in no mood to listen. One of the officers stood up, walked towards Mohanraj and began speaking in a low voice.

"Mr.Mohanraj, we are here to help you," The officer said with genuine compassion.

"Please leave us alone," Mohanraj almost pushed off the officer's hands which was about to reach to his shoulder. "I don't want to register any complaint with the police. This is purely our family problem and I don't want this to be publicized."

The officer smiled wryly and turned to Govind who stood motionless. "Mr.Govind, should I presume that you are withdrawing the complaint?"

Govind looked up and gauged his father's emotions. He knew that it would be a Herculean task to convince his Dad especially when he looked like blowing the world in absolute fury.

"Yes Officer," Govind replied apologetically. "I am withdrawing the complaint."

Mohanraj nodded his head in relief and sat down on the sofa in despair. The officers stood up, shook hands with Govind and began walking towards the door. Govind waited till he heard their jeep driving off the house and walked towards his father.

"What are we going to do now?" He queried with profound anxiety.

"Nothing," Mohanraj snarled at his son. "I will presume that your mother is dead from now on."

Govind struggled hard to conceal his growing anger seeing the unruly behavior of his father. He knew that it would be a futile exercise talking to Mohanraj and hence began dragging his feet towards his room. His hands reached to his pocket and pulled off the piece of paper which had stirred off the unprecedented storm in his family. He couldn't resist admiring the neat handwriting of Usha, his mother although the contents came as a bolt from the blue.

'I am leaving the house and will never return. Don't try to search me -- Usha'

Ever since he found the letter left behind by his mother, Govind had read it more than a dozen times. It was more of a shock as he read it for the first time which gradually transformed into extreme annoyance. He felt immensely angered by the absolute recklessness with which his parents went about making a huge fuss about whatever be their differences. Usha was almost 42 years and she hadn't helped the cause of reaching to some amicable agreement by vanishing from the house. It was unbelievable. A mother of two grown up children deserting the house for some silly reason disregarding the implications it would have on the reputation of the family.

The moment he reached his room, his cellular phone buzzed at once. He almost jumped in relief to find from the display that it was Uncle Sabari who was calling.

"Hello Uncle," He almost whispered containing his excitement. Obviously, he didn't want his father to hear the conversation.

"Hello Govind," Uncle Sabari's voice wasn't sounding as cheerful as it used to be. "Usha is here."

"Thank God," Govind closed his eyes in relief after hearing the news. He felt his heart getting lightened after more than twelve hours of anxious moments.

"You can't talk to her now," Sabari hushed on the phone. "She does not want her whereabouts to be revealed to anybody."

"She has gone crazy," Govind fumed.

"Don't get excited," Sabari softened his voice. "Try to reach here as soon as you can. She is planning to leave from here as well."

Govind shook his head in disbelief. He was confused about the whole thing.

"Uncle, please don't let her go," Govind pleaded. "I am rushing there at once."

Uncle Sabari had a few words of consolation to offer and realizing the anxiety of his nephew, he put an end to his conversation. Govind had quite a lot of things to ponder. He certainly did not want his father to know about the conversation with his uncle. He somehow wanted to bring back his mother so that not much damage is done to the family. He spoke to himself as he thought about various plans to bring the family crisis to an end. He was a very clear man as he braved into his father's room. As expected, Mohanraj was sipping a glass of whisky.

"Dad, I need to go out," Govind spoke in a firm voice. "I may not be returning before morning."

"What's the matter?" Mohanraj chuckled sarcastically. "Are you going to search that slut?"

"Please Dad," Govind's tone began to rise in anger. "She is my mother. Don't call her by such names. I need to relax after whatever is going on here at home. Please let me go."

"Go ahead and relax," Mohanraj smiled mockingly. "You don't seem to bother about your father and your sister. You just want to relax when the entire house is shattered. Go and relax."

Govind felt for the umpteenth time that his father was a tough nut to crack. He realized that he had better things to do than trying to reason with a man who spoke and behaved like a man on the verge of lunacy.

"Thanks Dad," Govind quipped and rushed back to his room. It took just a few minutes for him to pack a few things for his travel and helped himself with some money from the safe. Just as he was about to leave, he thought of talking to Punita, his sister. He hurried towards his room and felt rather relieved to see the young girl sleeping after she had cried out her heart since morning. He placed his right hand on her forehead, stroked her hair for a while before rushing down the stairs. Soon, his Suzuki zen streamed out of the gate indicating his desperation to get his mother back home.

Mohanraj watched his son's car ejecting on to the road, sipped the remaining whisky and walked towards Punita's room with a mischievous smile. He hadn't consumed alcohol during the day for quite some time and began feeling a slight discomfort as he walked. He wasn't really staggering although he knew that his walking was far from being normal.

Punita woke up from the deep sleep hearing the loud thud on the door. She sat up and her body experienced a mild shiver seeing Mohanraj standing against the door. A huge chill traveled all over her spine as she watched her father closing the door and moving from one window to another pulling down the blinds. Suddenly the room was filled with semi-darkess. 

Her heart began racing and she hurriedly began pulling over the blanket to cover her legs. 

"Don't be afraid," Mohanraj smiled as he approached the bed and quickly unbuttoned his full sleeve shirt. 

"Dad, please don't," She murmured with fear gripping all over her mind.

Mohanraj went about pulling down his pant unmindful of his daughter's plea. Punita covered her face in absolute fear the moment she saw her father's stout body. She obviously couldn't watch her father pulling out a nice pack of condoms from his pant. She eventually opened her eyes feeling something brushing hard against her chin and once she did, she almost screamed to see her father's nine inches meat positioned against her mouth.

"No Dad, Not now," She whimpered and began dragging her body towards the other side of the bed. The next thing she felt was her father's strong muscular hands pushing her hands well above her head. His swollen stomach was pressing hard against her young flat belly while her nostrils smelt the odor of some rich whisky.

"Never say No to Daddy," Mohanraj laughed letting his right hand to slap her cheek mildly.

"Not anymore," Punita screamed again. "Not after we were caught by mom."

Mohanraj's hands roughly held her little breasts for a while before giving a rude pinch on her nipples. To her utter surprise, notwithstanding her protests her nipples were getting hard and erect at the touch of her father. 

"I have always loved these little tits," Mohanraj said with a lusty grin and cupped her tiny breasts really hard. She looked too puny for a 19 year old girl. She was too fragile and weak to resist his big Dad who pulled off her T-shirt in a flash. 

"Remember our first time in the bathroom?" Mohanraj whispered into her ears while his hands were desperately trying to unclasp her bra hooks. "I fucked you on the moist marble floor. You were slipping away from me every time my dick humped at you. But, I never let you go."

Punita squirmed feeling her father's huge hands clutching her naked breasts after getting rid of her bra. His palms felt extremely rough and as they touched her tender nipples she couldn't conceal the excitement. She struggled hard overcoming the temptations her father was managing to create in her by telling herself that it was her father's lust that had forced her mother from deserting the house.

She tried swaying her body not to allow her father's monster dick brush against her crotch. Her brief resistance came to an abrupt end feeling her father's hand dropping down her belly before it cupped and covered her crotch.

"You want Dad to eat your pussy?" Mohanraj hushed into her ears while his fingers dove inside her pussy lips through her cavity. "I know you love that. I know how much you enjoyed when I was eating your little cunt inside the garage once."

However, he wasn't eating her pussy as his attention switched towards her tiny tits. Punita heaved as her father began sucking her little breasts inside his mouth and she squealed as his long brushy tongue began lashing at her hardened nipples. She knew that her father was unstoppable on the bed and remembered the sheer ruthlessness with which he stole her virginity in the bathroom. She felt her breasts swelling inside her father's lusty mouth and her body tried to move up and down unable to cope up with the merciless way with which her father went about sucking her tender breasts.

"Dad, be gentle," She murmured although she knew that he was in no mood to heed to her appeal. His hands and mouth kept alternating on her breasts while his hard fingers kept pinching and tweaking her nipples making her moan aloud.

"Daddy!" Punita screamed as suddenly she felt his hard meat dive deep into her. His dick never looked like halting as it got deeper to hit well against her womb. It was inevitable for her as she knew that she was loosing. She decided to just lay back and enjoy the feel of her father's demon dick inside her young tight cunt. 

"You are very tight," Mohanraj admired between gasps as he began humping. Punita felt her cunt getting wet every time her father nearly withdrew his gigantic dick only to let it ram back with more fury and force. 

"Fuck me Dad," She yelled out. She was overdriven with pleasure and stopped suppressing her moans which began pouring out of her mouth wildly. She was completely under her father's control and her waist began grinding in a nice motion, enough to grip her father's dick inside her cunt. Punita couldn't believe the glowing lust in her father's eyes as she watched him pump his dick deeper while he was grinding his teeth like a lusty beast. Her young body was responding to her father's thunderous poundings as she tried to close her eyes to enjoy the moments of joy.

Mohanraj was beginning to grunt even while his dick felt like growing large inside her pussy. Punita knew that her father had put on a condom and felt rather relieved.

"Oh my little baby," Mohanraj groaned as he sensed an imminent explosion while his eyes looked like bulging out. Punita was speechless and almost breathless seeing her father accelerating his speed unbelievably. She squirmed once feeling the typical sensation prior to a great orgasm. She was aware that her father would have a final go at her young breasts before passing out and watched anxiously waiting for his big mouth to land on her chest. He finally did, jumping on her tits for one final time while his dick exploded filling the condom with huge loads of thick semen. 

"Daddy, you fucked me again," she screamed as her hands held his hair.

Mohanraj got off the bed and walked towards the bathroom for getting rid of the condom filled with cum. Punita wasn't moving an inch after another horrifying round of sex with her father and a few drops of tears began rolling down her cheeks involuntarily. She heard Mohanraj using the flush and thereafter she could hear her father cleaning himself. She kept gazing as her unkind father emerged out of the bathroom naked to the hilt. She knew that he wouldn't be interested in talking to her anymore after fulfilling his desire for the umpteenth time. Her eyes turned red in hatred looking at her father who got into his clothes and walked out of the room without even bothering to have a look at his daughter.

"Oh Mom, I am sorry." Punita whimpered.

A few hundred miles away, Usha kept herself confined to the four walls of the room where her brother had led her immediately after her arrival. Her eyes had gone red after the long train journey during which she had wept profusely. She realized that her married life was in cross roads and shockingly it was her own daughter who had done all the damage. She knew that her daughter's life was in more jeopardy than hers and couldn't resist a sigh of depression. Punita has always remained the Barbie doll of the house until she was found naked on her father's bed. It wasn't easy to digest seeing a 19 year old girl transgressing the boundaries with her own father. Usha was dumbfounded and it took a while before her heart resumed beating. 

Govind on the other hand, always remained a noble young man with no vices inherited from his lousy father. He always carried a matured head on his young shoulders and had solutions to every problem the family came across. However, Usha knew that it would be like expecting too much from her son to clean up the mess her husband and daughter had created. It is never easy to reveal the abnormal relationship of a father and daughter, more so, if the son was as gentle as Govind.

Usha gathered herself listening to the footsteps and tried to smile at Sabari, who entered with a concerned look.

"Can we talk?" Sabari sat right in front of his younger sister and asked softly.

"There is nothing to talk about," Usha retorted quickly. "If needed, I should talk to an advocate."

"Don't be silly," Sabari tried to reason with his sister. "You have grown up kids. You are old enough to be a grand mother now."

"Brother, will you do me a favor?" Usha was quick to cut him short. "Take me to some advocate."

Sabari sighed in exasperation. He always knew that his sister had grown up as a very tough woman and it has always been impossible to thrust any opinion into her. He realized that the need of the hour was to buy some time before Govind arrives to take his mother back with him. He had some acquaintances in the court and he thought merely meeting an advocate wasn't going to complicate things any further.

"As you wish," Sabari stood up at once and said. "Get ready. Let's meet the advocate."

Usha was ready within a matter of minutes. Sabari called Dhanalakshmi, his wife and informed her about his proposed visit to an advocate. He immediately made out from her expression that his wife wasn't all that impressed with the idea although as always, she didn't want to disclose her unhappiness openly. As the car was about to leave, Sabari noticed a few shades of utter disdain in his wife's eyes.

Dhanalakshmi was just 3 years younger than Usha. She was always considered a sort of unassuming character in the family as she rarely spoke openly. Mithali, her 18 year old daughter looked like a replica of her mother and there were a few people who always mistook the mother and daughter as sisters. As always, Dhanalakshmi never revealed her excitement whenever someone complimented about her looks although she was indeed proud of her curvy body and well shaped bosoms. Unlike the women of the region, she had a wonderful glowing skin and her long hair was a subject of envy for even Mithali. She did have her own share of fantasies in life. However, being a very tight-lipped woman she was always shy of talking about sexuality with even women of her age. Mithali would be marrying Govind in a year's time and she knew that it would be foolish to go wild at her age. However, she wasn't aware of the excitement in store.

Dhanalakshmi was just about to get inside after seeing off Sabari and Usha. She stopped and turned back to see the cherry red car speeding in through the gate and immediately her eyes lit up with joy. She knew that it was Govind.

"Hello aunty," Govind waved his hands even before he got out of the car.

"Hello Govind," Dhanalakshmi smiled while her eyes gazed at her would-be son-in-law. He looked in a very good shape and his biceps looked very strong under his half-sleeves.

"You just missed by a whisker," Dhanalakshmi paused and watched anxiety building on her nephew's face. "Your mother left just a few seconds before."

"What do you mean?" Govind stood stunned. Dhanalakshmi burst into laughter.

"Don't worry," She began consoling her nephew. "She will be back in an hour or so. Your uncle has taken her to some advocate."

Govind felt extremely relieved realizing that a couple of anxious days might be getting over soon. He noticed the glow in Dhanalakshmi's eyes and took note of her funny side. He smiled knowing that it was just with him that she always tried to be funny. 

"I thought you would ask about Mithali," Dhanalakshmi continued with her sudden outburst of mischief. 

"I won't," Govind replied with a broad smile. "I know she might be attending college."

"Smart boy," Dhanalakshmi reciprocated his smile. "Let's get inside and talk."

Govind followed his aunt as she sprinted like a young girl towards the sitting room. His eyes began gulping her wonderful ass cheeks as they swayed while she walked quickly. She stood well below his shoulders although her body still looked in amazing shape. He remembered his childhood days when he used to pull her long hair every now and then.

"Do you need a shower?" Dhanalakshmi turned around all of a sudden without noticing that he was closely following her. Govind couldn't halt at once and ended up banging his chest against her wonderful breasts. Govind's body shook once feeling the softness of a woman's breasts touching his chest for the first time. Dhanalakshmi smiled rather awkwardly.

"Sorry, I never thought you were so close behind," She blushed profusely.

"I am sorry too," Govind said gently rubbing his chest. "What about the shower?"

"Oh Yes," Dhanalakshmi pointed towards the right side of the house. "Use your uncle's room. Let me prepare something really hot for you."

'You are the hottest thing around,' Govind told himself with a mischievous smile. He watched his aunt rushing towards the kitchen and sighed as his eyes gazed at her buttocks again. He had fantasized about Dhanalakshmi for quite some time now although he cleverly concealed his curiosity about her. He knew that he was held in a very high esteem by the family and hence there wasn't any way to let his emotions take over. He quietly moved into his uncle's room and closed the door without latching it. He badly needed a shower after a strenuous ride on a sunny day and quickly got ready for a bath with just a towel wrapped around his waist.

Dhanalakshmi barged into the room from nowhere holding a couple of shampoo sachets in her hand.

"I have some shampoo for you," Dhanalakshmi looked pretentious although her eyes were straying on his broad chest and strong shoulders.