He misses Alice. His friend, Alice. since Chessur had appointed himself their new chaperone, their Courtship had begun to adhere most stringently to The Rules. Until that unhappy happenstance, Tarrant had never really noticed how much he adores Alice's disregard for such irritating institutions. He had adored each and every attempt she had made to break those Rules... just as each and every attempt had tormented him. They are courting... he should not... nor should he want to...

But he does.

His self control has never been so tried and tested as it has been lately, under Chessur's all-seeing and all-judging gaze. He wants Alice touches and kisses and scents and grasping hands and hot breaths and...

"Fez!" he insists to the spinning-whirling-tumbling Want in his mind.

He shakes his head and focuses on safe thoughts. Welcome thoughts. She still finds himself thinking of her. His friend. Alice..

So when the very object of his thoughts knocks softly then opens and peers around the edge of his workshop door, her hair – blond and unbound – fluttering in the breeze from the corridor, Tarrant does not bar her entrance. He does not remind her of The Rules. He welcomes her in, invites her to choose any seat she likes (even those currently occupied by hand-stitched embroidery or silk-thread lace). He is gratified that she takes the seat closest to his current workstation, despite the fact that it requires moving a large bag of sheep's wool to do so.

He feels oddly nervous, seeing her again after her abrupt departure from the gardens that morning. She had not come down for lunch and although Chessur had insisted (upon Tarrant sending him to check on her) that Alice had been sleeping in her rooms, Tarrant had worried... had been of two minds on the abrupt termination of their outing earlier.

He had been horridly disappointed: he had wanted her to stay, even if they would not have been able to indulge themselves in the activity she desires to investigate, and yet he had wanted her to go (he had not known how much longer he could keep her from noticing that his arms had ached to hold her again and his hands had curled into fists rather than reach for her). He had wanted to touch her, have her, and yet she does not feel... Or does she? Is it possible she loves him? So soon? The very thought steals away his breath and he takes a step back from her, admits to his weakness: Tarrant wants far too much from Alice to trust himself in her presence.

"How are you this evening, Alice? Would you care for something to eat? You missed lunch, you know," he inquires, resuming his task – far more happily than he had been a few minutes ago! – and examining the sun hat that continues to Argue with him over its choice of adornments and decorations.

Alice sighs. "No, thank you. I'm f. I'm... fine."

But she is not fine. He looks at her – really looks at her over the brim of the hat in his hands – and notes her exhaustion. Dark circles ring her eyes, yes, but that is not what causes him to label her as such. There seems to be an overlaying malaise about their person, and Tarrant Wonders. Perhaps the pace of their Courtship is too hectic for her. Perhaps she wishes for more time...?

More time. It would be both a blessing and a curse.

"Chessur was kind enough to look in on you this afternoon. Did you sleep well?" he dares, wondering if he might elicit the reason for her apparent fatigue by a bit of round-about questioning that – oddly enough – both the Queen and Thackery seem to employ more often than not.

She does not answer. Not immediately. Tarrant sets the hat down and takes the seat next to hers. It feels wonderful to be sitting next to her again. And without that bloody menace of a cat screeching at them to observe Proper Courting Distances. In fact, it's so wonderful to be close enough to smell her that he does just that. He takes a deep breath, savors her Alice scent, and damns himself for being thankful that her troubles have brought her to his door unobserved and unchaperoned.

"I dreamt about you," she tells him, her voice so soft he wonders if he might have imagined those words. "I dreamt of being up on that hilltop again, with the batten and squimberries only..."

"Yes?" he forces himself to prompt. He is not sure he wants to hear what may have happened in her dream. He is not sure his heart will survive discovering that he had been a Nightmare. He much prefers to be her Dream. A good one – the best one he is capable of being!

She clears her throat and reaches for his hand. He forces himself not to pull away, not to clench his fingers into a tight fist, not to beg her to keep touching him and not stop! "Do you know, for the longest time I only ever had the same dream? It wasn't until I came to Underland this last time that I began dreaming new dreams." Tarrant twitches towards her, just slightly. Alice apparently sees this, for she finally tells him, very softly, "In the new dream, we were on the hilltop together...you didn't push me away."

For a moment, he is not sure what to say, what to think. He needs clarification. "Was it... was I... Did I frighten you? In your... dream?"

"No," she confesses, finally meeting his gaze. "I woke up wanting..."

He closes his eyes, gently and regretfully withdraws his hand from beneath hers. "Alice, you know I cannot... I must not... touch you so familiarly."

"You won't, you mean."

He tilts his head to the side, acknowledging the point. He aches to tell her how very much he wants to touch her, to taste her kiss, to bury his nose in her hair and just breathe her essence into him... But he doesn't. He doesn't dare. Alice needs no more encouragement. She is bold enough already and her Muchness will be the death of his Good Intentions if he is not very careful!

"There is someone who is permitted to touch you... whenever you like," he carefully temporizes. Yes, perhaps if he can direct Alice's attention to Other Avenues of pleasurable activities she might deign to Explore a bit, to Learn a bit on her own, to—

"Excuse me?" she replies, eyes wide: startled, shocked, and fearful. "Are you suggesting that I accept one of the offers I've received and take up with another—?"

What? 

WHAT? 

"What? No! No, no!" Tarrant squashes his initial reaction (to demand names and offenses NOW so that he may DEAL with those rotten, wretched, cheating guddlers who are attempting to STEAL her away from him!) and takes a calming breath. "No." He clears his throat. "I was referring to someone whose company you keep even when you are utterly alone, Alice. Someone who is with you in this room even now, should you require her assistance."

Her eyes widen with understanding. She sits up straighter and gapes at him. Tarrant struggles very hard not to feel ashamed of himself for having suggested it. If he feels shame, he knows his face will reflect it, and it would not do at all to have Alice thinking there is anything shameful in such Avenues. It would be a highly practical solution...

"You couldn't mean... me, could you?"

With exaggerated gestures, Tarrant cranes his neck, inspecting the room around them, looking left and right and of course finding no one there with them, as he had expected (and if he had found someone in the room with them, that would have meant that they'd been present while Alice confessed to dreaming of him, of the intimacies she craves, which would mean that they would have been a witness to just what a passionate creature she is, and he doesn't like that Idea at all!) he whispers, "Whom else, Alice?"

Cheeks flaming, Alice replies in a low tone that makes his body hum and whistle – like the steam from a boiling kettle, "I've never... I..." She pauses briefly and he sees Muchness enter her hazel eyes. "I only want your touch."

Tarrant stares back, twitches toward her once more, stops, shakes himself. He can hear his own breathing, irregular and shallow and he is this close to giving her precisely what she is asking for and—!

"I'm... I'm very conflicted to hear that," he confides. Dear Underland, if only he could accept her offer, show her what pleasure it is she had tasted but not truly enjoyed. And at the thought of taste, he thinks of pears, of watching her devour the one he had offered her on the palm of his hand, of the juice she had licked from her own lips, of the seed she had swallowed...

But no. No! He had promised to give her a proper courtship. She deserves this. And he needs this. And, before he joins her in her bed, he wants to know if there is any possibility of her feeling even a fraction of the love and caring and adoration and respect and need he feels for her!

"Please...?" she asks, her hand reaching for his, stopping, and reaching again. "At least show me how to..."

He has to bite his tongue to keep from screaming Yes! He has to close his eyes to conceal the fact that they have rolled back into his head. In a sudden rush of panic, he scrambles up from the bench and turns his back to her. "We cannae talk about this," he informs her gruffly. "Ye cannae ask me ta... 'Tis against the rules."

The very rules he had so ardently hated only moments before Alice's impromptu visit.

Tarrant returns to his work, fearing that she will drop the topic altogether, fearing that she will insist on continuing it, fearing that she will leave, fearing that she will linger, fearing that if he looks at her one moment longer he will...

"Show me?" Alice says and he has never heard anything more persuasive in his life. Before he can summon the strength to refuse her again he feels her hand on his arm, the heat of her Alice-scented body which is so very close...

He pauses. The sun hat floats to the floor and the scissors in his hand clatter to the tabletop. He doesn't move. Doesn't trust himself to move and Alice, perhaps scenting his weakness (he suspects it smells like pear juice), insinuates herself between him and the work table.

"Please," her soft siren's call sings. She leans back, bracing herself on her hands, and – with a tiny leap – lifts to sit on the table's edge. Tarrant feels his blood heat and whirl and stampede through his body at the sight of her so warm and inviting and he remembers how she tastes and he wants to know what her flavor is undiluted with squimberry juice or the scent of blueberries! Her knees press gently – hotly – against either side of his thighs and her skirts are an insubstantial bridge between. He stares at those skirts. He wants to reach out, to lift those skirts, to watch his own hands disappear beneath them – Is she wearing stockings to-day? …likely not. – and learn the precise weave of the soft satin her bare skin is made of. The forbidden touch he'd dared at the Berrying had not been enough time – not nearly enough time! – for him to examine the texture thoroughly. He wants to look up, into her eyes, as he does this. He wants to see the passion that makes her pant and her lips part. For him. Only for him. He wants to pull her hips to the edge of the table, wrap her bare legs around his hips, tear open the fastenings of his trousers and...!

But no. No!

Alice, help me, he begs despite the fact that he knows she will not. He needs her to save him from this Need that vibrates just beneath his skin, that tenses his body and makes his hands shake. He needs to look into her eyes and feel grounded by her strength, her Alice-ness... but he knows if he dares do that – if he dares to look into her hopeful, hot gaze – he will Give In.

Giving In would be Bad, he tells himself firmly, although, at that moment, he cannot recall precisely why it would be bad.

"No one has to know..." she whispers, reaching for his arm again, trailing her fingertips down his jacket sleeve to the cuff. "I promise..."

Yes! Promise! He had made Alice a Promise to court her properly and as she deserves to be courted!

He hears himself say roughly, "As I have promised."

He backs away slowly from her. It pains him.

His hands fisting and breath ragged, Tarrant surrenders, begs, pleads, confesses, "I need ye... ta gae nauw, Alice... please."

Alice huffs, and he realizes with that one exhalation how close he had been to giving in. If she but dares to reach for him again, he will... he will... He will not be able to deny her. He will give her whatever she wants. He will spend himself inside her and he fears he will not be gentle and she will hate him for it and—

She shoves herself off of the table and storms toward the door. The wind that bellows past his nose carries her thundery scent, her high fury... There is no finer, no more varied scent in all the world as an Alice.

"You will show me soon, Tarrant," she says, tears of frustration and perhaps even wounded pride in her eyes. Despite that, her voice carries, issues another Promise between them.

He watches her go and when the door slams shut behind her, he lets out the breath he'd been holding.

"Well done, Tarrant," a smooth, cultured drawl sounds at his ear.

He shakes his head, trying to dislodge it and discourage it as one would an overly curious fly. "Away wi' ye, Chessur. Ge' away."

And, miracle of miracles, he does. Tarrant is left alone with his breath panting, body aching, mind whirling... and Alice's scent clinging to him unrelentingly. He places a hand on his own chest, as if that will calm the tumult his body becomes in her presence.

Dear Underland... how is he going to deny her the next time she demands his touch? How is he going to deny himself?

At this point, he no longer wishes to do either.

*~*~*~*~*

She had been so close! So close!

Alice very nearly screams in frustration. Damnation, he had been There, teetering on the same edge that she had been; he had leaned in. His hands had fluttered toward her knees... and then...

And then!

You should have kept your promises to yourself. 

Yes, she should have. A kiss probably would have tipped the scales quite nicely. Why she hadn't done it, even though it had crossed her mind, is a thought she is not sure she can fully contemplate right now.

"Some Champion you are!"

Alice startles at the sound of a familiar voice. She'd come outside for a breath of fresh air after that... that... Don't think about it, Alice! She hadn't thought anyone had followed her, but...

"Mally?" she says, turning and spotting the dormouse glaring at her from the branch of a tree overhead. The Dormouse swings down from that high perch onto a lower branch, and again, until their faces are level with one another.

"Why are you torturing the poor 'Atter when he's only tryin' his best to do right by you?"

"Torturing...? I've done no such thing!"

"Oh, haven't you? What was that just now? In the haberdashery, eh?"

"You...! You were spying on us?"

"Spy? That's what cats do. I was enjoying a nice nap on a sunny window sill," Mally informs her imperiously. Then, mistaking Alice's askance for disbelief, snaps, "What? You think cats are the only ones who like a square of sunshine after teatime?"

"I... I..."

"Are torturing the 'Atter," Mally insists for a second time. "For shame, telling him you'd had a dream about him that wasn't a nightmare... Lettin' him want to be part of one o' your Good Dreams...!"

"What? Wait! How do you know what was said?"

Mally gives her a knowing smirk. "Glass is a mite thinner than brick, you know!"

Alice listens to herself sputter for a moment before she has the presence of mind to clamp her mouth shut. Oh, the humiliation! Mally had heard them, had seen her sit on that table with her knees wide and ask him to...!

"Oh, lord..."

"Which one?" Mally asks with renewed curiosity and it takes Alice a moment to realize Mally believes Alice had uttered the phrase with a particular White Court Lord in mind. "Not that I think that's a good idea, mind you," she continues over Alice's shocked silence. "You going to another fellow for a bit o' whisper an' giggle just because the 'Atter won't..."

"I'm not interested in any lord," she replies tartly, offended at the very thought that she would welcome some anonymous man's touch just because her body aches for... "I want..."

"Yeah, I can see that. It was pretty obvious exactly what you wanted," Mally observes dryly.

Alice feels her face heat until she's sure it'll be hours before the red flush of mortification fades enough for her to show her face in the castle. Why this incident in particular affects her in such a manner, when she herself had saucily informed the Royal Contingent of Berry Pickers Of course I want him, she doesn't know, cannot contemplate. Perhaps it is because this time, he had completely denied her advances. "I suppose it was," she chokes out.

"But that don't give you the right to accost the one man who's trying to... Alice? Alice?"

Words are beyond her. Or, more precisely, all the words Alice would have said are on the other side of the blockage in her throat that is steadily moving downward, its crushing pressure compacting her chest painfully. She shakes her head and grits her teeth against the sob that – despite the blockage – is somehow squeezing through.

"Aw, Alice, com'on now and sit down," Mally coaxes her, pitter-pattering down the tree trunk and patting it invitingly. And because staying here and crying like an over-emotional heroine of a ridiculous romance novel in front of Mally is better than stumbling upon the Queen's court and commencing with the expression of her misery, Alice accepts.

"Now, now," Mally comforts her, patting her ear lobe through her hair. "We've all got needs. You're not embarrassed about the Urges, are you?"

"Maybe I am..." Yes, she's sure she'll well and truly embarrassed about that later. She'd most definitely rather think about that than what she'd just done to Tarrant, her friend – her best friend and, yes, the man who wants the chance to open his heart to her before he gives her himself.

"It's nothing to be ashamed of, Alice. It's natural. It's..."

"Despicable. What I tried to... You're right. The Hatter deserved so much better from me than... than..."

Mally pats her ear again. "Now, now. The important thing is you won't be doing it again, right?"

Alice shudders. "I don't know if I can control myself around him. I just... just..."

"Gotta learn to take care of business on your own," Mally asserts.

"I... What? Take care of... what?"

"Your business," she repeats rather loudly.

"I could never...!"

The dormouse scoffs, "What's the problem? You'got two good hands, doncha? Of course you can!"

Alice gapes at her for a long moment, during which Mally muses in a (thankfully!) softer and more discreet tone, "And, actually, an enterprising lady only needs one..."

"One...?" Alice asks, almost afraid of the answers.

"Hand! Ain't you been paying attention?"

"I have. I... suppose I'm still... digesting it."

"Well, digest and digress the next time the Urge strikes." Mally gives her a final nod. "You'll be glad you did. So will the 'Atter. Trust me." And with that final sagely declaration, Mally slides down Alice's arm and heads back to the castle. Maybe looking for another sun-warmed window sill to spy on people from.

Still, despite the bitter thought, Alice cannot keep her thoughts away from her own . She shifts uncomfortably when she remembers the threat she'd delivered before she'd left. She wonders if Tarrant will be able to forgive her for that... and her blatant attempt at manipulating him into...

Dear Underland, had she just tried to use his body – had she just tried to do what he'd accused her of – as if he were nothing more than a means to satisfying her body's... urges?

She can think of no more despicable actions. She has failed him, she realizes. He had asked her for four weeks. She had agreed to that. And she had very nearly taken that away from him. Again!

Very nearly. It would have been so easy to do. All she would have had to do was kiss him and his intentions would have crumbled... But she hadn't kissed him, had she? Victory had been within her grasp and yet she had let it slip away.

Why?

Alice considers her actions in the hat workshop. She considers the fact that she had considered kissing him. Had considered it but had not done it. A kiss would have seduced him, but she does not want him seduced. She wants him willing. And, as much as it pains her to admit it, Mally is right. She must give Tarrant this Courtship. This is important to him. And if she really cares for him at all, she will stop being selfish. Slurvish.

Be the woman Tarrant needs you to be, Alice. 

Even if that means investigating Mally's suggestions.

Her face burns with shame at the thought of... servicing herself. But if it means being able to control herself around Tarrant, if it means she'll be able to give him the time he needs, then it is not an indulgence on her part, but a necessity. For herself, she might never have found the gumption to... to...

But for Tarrant. Yes, she will try. And she will be better. She will do right by him.

She will.