April's Debasement
by ValerianXIII

To April's relief Sister Judith just ignored her and continued on with the lesson plan.

She thought the teacher might of felt some pity for her and decided enough was enough for one day.

She was just about certain Sister Judith was going to let her slide when nearly ten minutes in to her lesson she suddenly stopped.

"April... you're late!"

"And.... why aren't you naked?!"


Come to the front of the class...RIGHT NOW!!"

April kept her head down low as she slowly made her way to the front of the class.
She could already hear excitement and whispers all around her.

Sister Judy used took this time to reposition her 'Naughty Stool' in front of her desk and centered it before the class.

April gave her teacher one last pleading look only to be met with a cruel grin as she gestured toward the wooden stool.

She stepped up on it reluctantly and faced her now grinning classmates like she was told.

Sister Judith began scolding the teen as she slowly undressed her.

"First of all I told you, absolutely no covering up and now here you are, fully covered."

Sister Judith unsnapped the short skirt before abruptly whipping it away from her slender hips leaving her frilly bloomers fully exposed.

"Then you come back to my classroom, thirty minutes late!" She says while unbuttoning the girls collared school shirt.

April wanted to mention she wasn't nearly that late but quickly decided against it.


"Arms up!" April reluctantly complied with the humiliating command as her teacher slowly peeled the short uniform top up her torso.

Once again April felt the cold air against her swelling dark nipples. They looked Like marshmallows with a Hershey kiss on each.

She was met with several sets of wide eyes and big grins as her very small breasts were bared for the second time today.

She closed her eyes tight but the teacher wasn't having it. "Oh no, eye's wide open young lady. I want you to practice making eye contact with all your classmates."

April did just so as she stared at the grinning faces of some of her peers.

Here she was one of the hottest girls in school, naked from the waist up, and they were laughing.

Even Timmy was laughing at her. Instead of his usual creepy stare he had an amused grin.

Her cheeks flushed red and a wave of shame surged through her body.

She looked away and briefly caught sight of Kyle. He seemed to be amused as well as if he were watching a comedy show instead ogling a beautiful naked woman.

Sister Judith was still scolding the girl. "To top it all off when I tell you come to front of the class you defy me once again by taking your sweet time."


Sister Judith punctuated the word time by suddenly yanking Aprils pink bloomers down to her ankles exposing the dark curly pubic patch between her legs.

This sudden act brought out some more laughter and increased shame as April awkwardly stepped out of each leg hole one foot at a time.

The same was done with her shoes and socks giving the class a flash of her pink lips each time she brought up her long and skinny legs.

"Not so defiant with your bare little breasts out for everyone to see are you?" Sister Judith asked while berating the now fully nude teen.


Maybe you can teach the class, just like this, naked as the day you were born! "

"Would you like that ?!"

April shook her head with a quick no.

"Stick out both of yours hands." April complied, back on auto pilot and her teacher placed one of her rather thick foam pads from her bra placing one in each hand.

"Now hold them up high, high and proud above your head. April was beyond mortified as she held her own falsies above her head stretching her already small breasts flat.

Just two dark brown areola against a flattened white chest remained as April miserably stared into the sea of smirking classmates.

Sister Judith almost lost it from the scene she had created in front of her. She nearly had an intense orgasm in front of the whole class.

Humiliating this girl was exactly what she was craving but at the same time it still wasn't enough. She had no idea what she would do next or how far she would take it.

Sister Judith decided to carry on with her lesson plan for now and act as if the naked teen wasn't even there. She would try to cool down a little while she thought about what was next for the nude girl.…



April stared forward in horror at the sea of smirks and grins from her classmates.

Sister Judith just carried on with the lesson plan being the only one who ignored the fully naked girl at the front of the class.

The foam falsies in each hand became heavier as time went by . This made April regret buying such large pads.

She couldn't see the clock from where she stood but there was no way she could hold these up in to the air until lunch. Sister Judith knew this as she casually ignored the nude girls growing duress.

The class on the other hand had there eyes glued to April's naked form. There eyes freely roamed April's thin pale frame with her arms stretched high above her head.

Her already small breast were stretched until they were just nipples. While her rather full curly bush was totally exposed.

The foam pads seemed to get heavier and heavier making April's arm tire out and slowly begin to fall. She couldn't stop the decent and it was of course Sally who pointed it out.

"Sister, April's not listening, look she's dropping her arms!" Sister Judith was well aware of this but she was pretending to ignore the naked teen for as long as possible. "My goodness girl still being defiant I see. We will have to come up with something else then. Class do you have any ideas?" Several hands shot up one of which was Timmy's.

"Yes Timmy what do you think?" He was usually the quiet type but not for the moment.

"How about a spanking?"

This brought out a round of chuckles and Sister Judith seemed to consider the idea for a moment before dismissing it.

"No Timmy not right now although she certainly deserves it, long and hard and over my lap."

April shuddered at the idea. Sister Judith's spankings were legendary bringing any student to a sobbing mess within a minute or two.

April couldn't help but let out a small groan when a smirking Sally raised her hand. "Yes Sally." Sister Judith called on the girl once again.

"Sister Judith. I heard that April is quite the singer so maybe she can sing us a song!"

April immediately stared daggers at the blonde not that it meant much coming from the naked teen.

Sally knew all about April's awful singing abilities because they took chorus together last year.

"What an excellent idea Sally! What should we have her sing?" April shook her head with a big no but Sister Judith wasn't having it.

"Either that or I will have you singing over my lap after a long hard spanking!"

April stiffened up not wanting that to happen either. Sister Judith took that as a yes relieving her of the falsies. "How about an easy one sing 'Mary had a little lamb." Sister Judith was surprised how much this increased the misery in April's expression.

The already mortified girl began to stare down at the carpet. "No! No! No! Eyes up! As a matter of fact I want you to practice making eye contact with your classmates while you sing for us. Now get to it and stop stalling or you will find yourself singing with a very sore bottom. The class became totally silent and you could hear a pin drop as they waited for April to start.

"Mary.... had a... little lamb.." April croaked out the first line making the class burst with laughter all at once. "Keep going April and be sure to make eye contact with each of your classmates."

The naked girl squeaked and croaked each line bringing out wave after wave of laughter. She looked at one after another of their laughing faces. Laughing at her terrible singing, laughing at her dorky naked form.

It was a nightmare she just could not wake up from. Once she was finally finished the dreaded Sally raised her hand once again. "Sister Judith I could not help but notice April was Making eye contact with everyone but me." She was telling the truth April had refused to even look at her as she made eye contact with everyone else.

"Really Sally is that so? April I'm going to need you to start all over this time making eye contact with Sally the entire time." April swore she would get back at her somehow going from humiliated to seething with anger as she stared into Sally's cold blue eyes as she sang, croaked out a song. Sally just grinned back at her the whole time knowing April's humiliation was far from over even if this class was ending soon.

Finally April had screeched out the ridiculous song and with only ten minutes left Sister Judith actually let her go back into the dark room and get dressed in her own clothes. It felt so much better to be covered up again even though her classmates had seen all of her feminine charms already.

She had never been so happy to hear that bell ring but little did she know her day was far from over...…


