Title: Hospitality - The Rest Of The Story
Author: Tony Tiger <tonytigerxxx@yahoo.com>
Summary: Making visitors to her home feel very welcome(FM+)NOTE: This was first released as only the first chapter which has been included for readability.
************************
She opened the bedroom door and entered. Without a word she lifted the plain cotton nightie over her head revealing a nicely shaped mid-twenties body to the somewhat older man laying expectantly on the bed. She approached him and pulled the sheet off the tenting erection. With practiced ease the young woman straddled him and took the bare cock inside of her. She smiled as he fondled her breasts while she rode him.  Her beauty and talented cunt ensured that he soon thrust into her groin and grunted the release of his hot seed. After giving him a moment to savor the pleasure she dismounted and cleaned her pussy with the damp washcloth and towel she had brought. Putting on her nightie she gave her sated partner a quick kiss and went to the next room.

The heavy set older man was seated wearing only boxer shorts. She again removed her nightie but got on all fours crossways on his bed. This man's cock was fat like the rest of him so she could take him only when her cunt was already loosened and wet. He stood on the floor and entered her slowly, taking several strokes for full penetration. Her young body felt tight to him and the unusual fullness was pleasurable to her. They rutted for about five minutes until this man also spurted semen inside her. She repeated her cleanup, redressing, and goodnight kiss.

The third bedroom had twin beds, each occupied by a teen age boy. This time she lay back on the older boy's bed and offered her pussy to them. As the first boy mounted her she drew the other one to her mouth and enjoyed their young hardness at both ends. Four hands caressed her body as they penetrated her. After the boy on top blasted his hot juice on her cervix he withdrew and the brothers switched places. The second boy soon added his cum to her pussy and then she cleaned up. Their goodnight kisses were accompanied by a squeeze to their still hard cocks.

On the way back to her own room she stopped to pee and tried to keep the cum in her cunt. As she expected, this next man was also hard in anticipation. She laid on her back next to him and he rubbed the copious cum into her pussy, bringing her the climaxes that the hurried earlier couplings had not produced. She stroked and sucked his hard cock until she felt his release getting close then pulled him between her thighs. He placed only the head of his cock into her vagina and her fingers kept stroking until his cum joined the four deposits already there. As he rolled off and cuddled with the young woman he finally spoke, "Thank you for providing such wonderful hospitality to my uncles and nephews, dear wife."

Chapter 2

The young wife had a sad look in her face as she told her husband that her period had started. It was two days late which had given her false hope. Hugging her, the husband said, "We shall just have to invite my male relatives for another visit and you can again be the 'hostess with the mostest', or maybe we should say the 'hostess who gets the mostest'. I know you were shy at first but were obviously enjoying screwing each of them by the end of their visit. I will extend the invitation for a couple of weeks from now when you are ovulating again. I have not thought of any better way for us to have a child with at least some of my genes since I cannot do it myself." She hugged him back, her pussy tingling with the recent memories of her first strange cocks since meeting her husband. And the thought that she was trying to get pregnant every time she fucked them was even more stimulating.

The older uncle could not attend and the eager wife knew that she would miss the novel feeling of his large penis but the younger relatives were actually more fun in bed.  The nephews had separate rooms this time which would be better for the changes her husband had suggested. Since female orgasm increased the likelihood of conception, she would spend enough time with each partner for that to happen before going  to the next. She would lay on her back after each sperm injection for 5 to 10 minutes. A schedule determined the order of her visits so that, in the morning and evening rounds, there would be equal chances to be the first one to send sperm to meet her egg.

Her climaxes came easier than she expected. Feeling the spurts of babymaker juice deep inside her, together with the differing sensations of the three men she was fucking, was highly stimulating. When at last she returned to her husband's bed she could only offer a blowjob. He was content with that, not wanting to interfere with the goal of the visit. Even after three days of keeping the wife's cervix well bathed in sperm, her period returned.

The determined couple devised another strategy. The husband's uncle and his two sons had known the reason for their visits all along. A cousin was also invited to join the breeding. This time there would be essentially a week long orgy surrounding her most fertile time. The uncle could only be there the weekend before and after but the brothers and cousin would stay all week. The wife had built up her sexual endurance with the plentiful exercise of the two previous visits but still wondered how well she would handle five horny men...her husband wasn't going to go without her pussy all week. And he didn't want to miss experiencing it all slicked up with strange cum. 

The eight days were a blur of pleasure. She ovulated early in the week and it kicked her libido into overdrive. The wife sometimes got so caught up in her erotic needs that she didn't make love to, or even fuck, her partners, she simply mated with them. She became a fertility goddess seeking to extract all the sperm possible as she was laid by one fertile man after another. She slept with a different man each night but might be awakened for a quick screwing by another (or two) even as she lay next to him. Of course her bed partner would often be stimulated to make another sperm injection. Her body had become accustomed to the variety of cocks and semen so it let down all of its defenses and her cervix opened to welcome the billions of wigglers into her womb as her egg came to meet them. She got by on naps during the days and nights. When her husband got a chance to bury his dick in her sopping pussy, she smiled and said, "Are you enjoying your house whore?" "I'll enjoy her even more when she gets knocked up!" was his reply.

This time her period did not come and the test confirmed that she had caught. The couple celebrated with a champagne dinner at a nice restaurant. Later in bed, as her husband rubbed the belly holding their baby-to-be, the wife grinningly said, "I think that a father should have sex with the mother of his child. Since we don't know which one hit the target perhaps they all should be given the opportunity for my hospitality. I would like the visits to continue but NOT with so many at once. Also you should know that the women in my family get extremely horny while pregnant and you will welcome the help!" A virgin at her wedding, the wife had discovered her female potential and there was no going back. Her husband had better enjoy the ride!

Chapter 3

The young wife was right, pregnancy kept her sex drive in high gear. Ever the considerate husband, he began aranging a visitation schedule with the all of the family sperm donors, telling them the good news and promising more individual hospitality on the next visits. The previous two family get togethers had turned into breeding parties. Now that the goal had been reached, the young wife wanted quality time with each of the possible fathers, especially when her husband was away at work. This time there would be lots of titty, belly, cock, and ass rubbing. Plenty of pussy eating and cock sucking. Long, delicious foreplay before the inevitable humping in every possible position. She expected lots of caressing, sucking, kissing, and pinching of her breasts before and while her vagina was filled and emptied with each stroke, its sensitive areas stimulated by the edges of the cock head and the individual length, thickness and shape of the current occupant. Her pussy would sense the slowing incursions, the swelling of the shaft and finally the pulses as the semen was delivered to its natural receptacle. She could always feel the hot liquid flowing into her and, if the man had not ejaculated for a while, she would sometimes feel the force of the first splash against her cervix and vagina. Her primal response to the man's seed would often cause her to writhe in orgasm, signalling her reproductive system to welcome the newly arrived sperm. Then there would be cuddling with the softening cock soaking in her cum filled cunt.

The husband's uncle had a flexible schedule and was first to visit. He could work on the internet so stayed all during the week. This suited the horny wife just fine and they enjoyed leisurely and pleasurable screwing during the day whenever she could lure him away from his computer. When the husband returned after work, he took over the wife's pleasurings, sliding easily into her slippery pussy with his cock hard from anticipation. He pictured what she was doing often while at work. The uncle was given a "tuck in" fuck at bedtime before she returned to the marital bed.

While the nephews were on school break, they each stayed a week at a time. The previous experience with their aunt, the first woman for each, had mostly been basic fucking even though an unforgettable amount of it. This time the wife could focus on them individually and teach them the finer points of pleasuring a woman. By the end of their week they had developed talents and endurance very pleasing to the hostess and, she was quite sure, to any women in their future. She looked forward to their next visits. They were also curious about fucking her as her belly and tits enlarged.

Her huband's cousin was able to take long weekends when it was his time to visit. He was married but not greatly experienced so she taught him some of the finer points of good lovemaking. Her husband gave them extra time alone by working Saturday. The cousin's wife was aware of the goings on and was stimulated by her husband's experiences plus his new skills in bed. She decided to get pregnant also and when that was confirmed asked to accompany him on future visits. Although the hostess wanted all the cock for herself, she extended the hospitality and knew her husband would enjoy the new pussy. Perhaps she could invite one (or more?) of the other men at that time to help out. She had better check with the cousin's wife first to see how much she was willing to spread her pussy around. This was getting more complicated, she thought, but very interesting!

The young wife's pregnancy progressed well and was enjoyed by all of her men. She felt loved and satisfied. Neither of the spouses had realized quite how much their decision to have family sperm donors would forever change their sex lives but they did not regret it. She sometimes wondered about the future. What would her life be like with a baby at her breast? Would she want another child? That would all play out as time went on, she knew. Right now she had an husband who she deeply loved in and out of bed and some visiting men that looked forward her hospitality.

