The sight of Angel kneeling on the bed in a shot straight out of some of his wildest fantasies was enough to make Spike instantly hard. He prowled towards the bed, walking around to the other man's side. "You were a pretty bad boy out there, luv," he said quietly. "Jumpin' me like that. Were you really that hot for my cock, that you couldn't wait, hmm?" 

He whimpered. It was a question he really didn't want to answer, but when Spike's hand smoothed over his shoulderblade, the answer was wrenched from him. "Yes! Want you.. wanted you-" 

"For a long time now. I know, I know," he soothed, stroking down over his spine. God, this was better than he'd dared to dream! "Gonna give you everythin' you want, pet, show you things you never dreamed-" Spike stopped cold when his fingertips brushed over Angel's hole.

Angel's wet hole. 

"What manner of game are you playin' at, Peaches?" 

"No game!" 

"Gotta be some kinda game! Cause you're not seriously expectin' me to believe you set this whole havin' me fetch you thing up so you could get me alone, are you?" Blue eyes narrowed. "Or were you thinkin' someone else was gonna be the one that came up here instead?" 

"What? No! No plan!" Angel shook his head, but the icy silence behind him didn't seem to be buying it. Shame warred with fear and lost, and he started babbling, words tripping over each other in his rush to keep Spike there and touching him. "I had a dream about you and when I woke up I needed-" 

"Needed what, pet?" Two fingers stroked over his skin again as Spike questioned him in a low voice. 

Angel gasped and arched, his body begging for what it had to have. "Needed to feel... inside. God, please!" 

"So you just lubed yourself up an' waited for the first available cock to come along, is that it?" Spike's voice sharpened, taking on a dangerous note. 

Angel shook his head, lust and a rising discomfort making it hard to concentrate. "No! Wanted you, fucked myself thinking about you!" The fingers that had been stroking him slid inside and he groaned, then shoved back onto them. 

Spike watched with glittering eyes, one hand sliding down to squeeze his cock through his jeans. "Know what I think, Angel? I think you're just a slut, need somethin' to fill you up an' you really don't care what that is." A nail scratched over his prostate and Angel's only reply was a ragged moan. "Know what sluts get, Angel?" 

"Fucked?" he asked hopefully. 

Spike's eyes darkened. "Oh yeah. But they get somethin' else, too. They get punished, especially demandin' lil sluts like you." 

A bolt of heat shot straight through him, leaving Angel dizzy. "Yes please," he whispered hoarsely. 

The first smack of Spike's hand on his skin jolted him forward, tearing a moan from his lips. He waited for the next blow, for the fury that was undoubtedly going to be unleashed, but nothing else came. And just when he was about to ask, another hard blow caught him high on one thigh. 

Spike stroked his hand over the mark he could see trying to form, then asked, "Needed this for a while, haven't you, pet?" 

Angel bit his lip, struggling to hold the words in. He couldn't give in, couldn't tell him the rest, not if he wanted to walk out of this with any pride whatsoever. Better to let Spike beat him black and blue, then fuck him bloody first. And he had no doubt that's what was about to happen- he'd taught him too well as Angelus to expect anything less. 

But the next strike didn't come. Instead, Spike eased one of his fingers free, leaving Angel feeling empty in a way he'd never known existed. He opened his mouth to protest, but a low voice stopped him. "Didn't say you could talk just yet. Now, you're the one started it, but I'm doin' the drivin', so we're doin' this my way. An' my way is that when you answer me- truthfully- you get a reward. You don't answer, or lie to me, an' you lose somethin' good. Keep it up an' I'll walk outta here an' shag the first willin' bloke that crosses my path, then make you smell him on me for weeks." 

He paused, letting his words sink in. "Now... you wanna stop an' chalk it up to a bad batch of blood, or are you gonna play nice?" 

Angel should be furious. He should be roaring his denial of Spike trying to assert authority and then fucking his childe into next week to prove his dominance. He should tell the insolent boy to fuck whoever he wanted, so long as he got the hell out of his bedroom. He should definitely not be finding this newfound confidence so fucking hot! But when he felt Spike's remaining finger start to slide back, he blurted out, "Yes!" 

"Yes what, pet?" 

"Yes... Sir." As he said it, a tremor slid through him, and just like that, control was Spike's. A strange calm seemed to settle over him, the effects of the drug no doubt making it easier to yield to those secret thoughts that had always been kept locked tightly away before this. 

The blond chuckled. "Much as I like that little extra bit, still doesn't answer my question. Is that yes, you're gonna obey the rules, or yes, you've needed this?" 

Angel hesitated just a second, and when a hand struck him again, he yelped, "Both!" He was rewarded when Spike's finger slipped back inside him, and he couldn't resist wiggling, savoring the sensation of being filled. A sharp smack stopped him quickly, and this time he couldn't hold back his soft whine. 

One hand stroked over the curve of his ass, and Spike asked, "What were you dreamin' about that made you so hungry that you had to fuck yourself, hmm?" 

He fought the urge to writhe on the fingers that were sunk deep inside him, the words coming effortlessly now. "About you." A hard swat made it clear that more was needed, so he hurried to expand on the idea. "You were in my bed, touching me, and you said you'd fuck me after I came for you." 

"Wanna get fucked, don't you?" Angel's low groan was answer enough, but Spike pretended not to notice as his fingers slowly retreated before pressing deep inside again. "Need to feel a hard cock inside you, splittin' you in two, takin' you hard an' fast, yeah? How long've you wanted it?" 

"Forever." He yelped at the two measured slaps that followed. Spike's deliberate, careful spanking was undoing him in ways he wouldn't have thought possible. "Since- ohhh, God, since you were turned, at least." 

Spike curled his fingers, drawing his fingertips slowly over his sire's prostate. "Tell me." 

Fuck, how was he supposed to talk when Spike did that? "Used to watch... watch you, and you always seemed to love it so much. Wondered what it'd be like, thought about it, dreamed about it, even jerked off to it. Remember that night... in the study?" 

A soft hiss sounded behind him. "Yeah, I remember. Walked in on you strokin' off an' ended up gettin' bent over the desk. 'Cept now I'm thinkin' you were the wantin' me to be the one doin' the bendin', is that it?" 

He nodded, almost too lost in pleasure to speak. It was just as well, because Spike's next order robbed him of what little coherency he had left. "Fuck yourself on my fingers, pet. Wanna see how bad you need it." 

Angel rocked forward, then shoved back hard, yelping when Spike's palm struck the underside of his ass. "Didn't say you could go that fast, did I? Greedy lil slut." 

The words skittered along his spine and he moaned. He rocked again, slower and steadier, and was rewarded with a twisting motion that made him gasp. His fingers never felt this good! And if this was just fingers, what was it going to be like when Spike finally fucked him? 

The question seemed to be running through Spike's mind as well. "Can't wait to feel me in there, can you? You thinkin' about it, pet, what I'm gonna feel like inside?" 

God, he was going to kill him! Angel tried to focus beyond the pleasure to the questions, but a swat distracted him and he couldn't do anything but whine. 

"Got you all hot an' bothered suckin' me off like that, did it?" Spike's hand fell again, goading him forward, a little faster this time. "Wanna get fucked, luv? Want me to slide up behind you an' take you?" 

Angel licked his lips and breathed, "Yeah. Wanna feel you fuck me." 

"Such a pretty lil slut you are." Smack! "Gonna fuck you so hard, baby, make you feel me there for weeks." Crack! "Tell me, Angel. Tell me what you want!" 

The last blow was between his legs, a stinging swat that seemed to send heat rushing up through him. And just like that, the floodgates opened. Angel began to rock faster as the words tumbled from his lips. "Wanna be your slut. Wanna- oooohh, wanna get fucked. Need it, need it so bad. Please, Spike!" 

"Shhh, not gonna let you down, don't you worry." Spike's fingers slid free and he nearly screamed at the sudden loss, even as he spread his legs wider, waiting for the press of the cock he'd waited so long for that was surely coming next. 

But there was nothing. Nothing except air and the creak of the mattress as Spike shifted to one side. "Look at you, pet, so hard an' hungry for me. Bet it wouldn't take two strokes an' you'd come all over yourself just like a kid." 

Angel whimpered, hips involuntarily jerking at the imagery Spike's words created. "Please," he whispered, all thoughts of dignity forgotten in his need to finally get what he'd dreamed about so often. 

One finger lightly traced his erection, the touch soft enough to be almost more imagined than felt. "Come for me, luv." 

Angel's back bowed and he threw his head back with a scream. Come jetted out of his cock, soaking the sheets underneath him. He heard a whispered, "Bloody hell," and when he finally got his wits about him enough to look over at Spike, the wide blue eyes sent a bolt of longing straight to his heart. 

Spike's tongue darted out to wet his lips. "Fucking beautiful when you come, you are. Makes me wanna see that again and again." He slid a hand down to stroke himself, the motion drawing Angel's attention. "Still want this, then?"