Feldare Tales - A Dare for Hanna
by Mack the Knife

Hanna was sitting in the Pierced Boar tavern in the village of Morrovale. She was perched beside her best friend Sharesh, the Rakasta, on one of the taverns bar stools. Hanna had one of the special stools, which were noticeably taller, to accommodate the halflings tendency to be three foot in height or less. Her sizable bare feet were propped onto the first rung down from the padded seat. There were other halflings dwelling near this village, several communities within a weeks walk, but she had not come to visit them. Hanna had met plenty of halflings at home; she was out in the world to see other things, to find new experiences, and most of all, for a few weeks now, to see if she could bed a centaur.

Sharesh was a very different sort. She was dressed in a long cloak with a hood, to minimize her inhuman features. Being a humanoid feline could have its advantages, but it also had its drawbacks, such as people taking immediate and great notice of you. Near the feet of the stool her tail swished near the floor, always in motion, and she teased the taverns resident cat with it unconsciously.

It might be considered laughable that a halfling would wish to even try to bed a centaur, but for one to actually think she could pull it off was beyond reason. Sharesh attempted to tell her so.

You will get yourself killed, Hanna, if you try that. Sharesh said. She hooked her clawed thumb toward the door, and thence to the stables. Her feline face had concern on it, but her huge emerald green eyes were glittering with amusement.

Hanna shrugged and combed her fingers through the shoulder-length curls of her honey-colored hair. Its like religion, I suppose. Hanna said, her head tilting slightly. I simply have faith in myself. Then she giggled. Besides, I have a plan. She looked out the door, focusing her brown eyes past the field between the tavern and the villages public stables. In the stables paddock, three male centaurs were sunning themselves. They had just arrived in Morrovale from some faraway land and were resting before continuing their journey to their homelands. Their arrival in the little village had caused quite a stir, but the two girls were used to such goings on. Additionally, they were seeking centaurs, or at the least Hanna was.

Sharesh believed she had a more reasonable grasp of the scope of this situation. She had once bedded a half ogre, and had spent a week recovering from it. That was despite her incredible agility and resilience. And he had been being gentle with her. For this particular young rakasta, a week without some play had been a sore trial.

Now Hanna wished to achieve one of the greatest achievements of cross-species adventurers: To accommodate a centaur. Given that a centaurs One-given equipment was nearly the length of Hannas arm, it would be unfeasible. But Hanna was insistent. Sharesh had acquired an alchemical potion of healing should things go awry, or worse yet, should Hanna succeed.

Her little friend gulped down another shot of liquid courage and called to Tammer, the barkeep. Another please, Tammer. I can still feel my toes. She said, breaking into a fit of giggling.

The bartender had to be a hundred if he was a day. He walked down the bar and presented her with another shot of rum, taking away her old glass. He stopped moving for a moment and smiled at the girls. You two are a sight for sore eyes, I must say. He said. Ive not seen the likes of you for years, such pretty lasses in my bar.

The two beamed under the compliment, and cooed over the aged man for a few moments, and Sharesh thought she might just give this gallant gentleman a snuggle tonight, as a proper show of gratitude for someone who had served the world well. To Sharesh, bartenders were a hallowed class, and deserved respect and honor, among other expressions of gratitude. 

She leaned close to him and said. You wouldnt be sleeping alone tonight would you? One of her hands moved to just under his chin, and a single claw slid from its protective sheath, gently scratching along his jaw line. A tiny vibration of a purr crept into her breathy voice, as well, just to make the question more inviting.

Tammer laughed. I guess I will, because aint no young beauty like you going to give me a tumble. He said, smiling at the girls. He turned and headed down the bar to deal with other demanding patrons, but the smile remained on his wrinkled face. As he took the mens orders, he kept casting his green eyes back toward the rakasta in brief, furtive glances.

Hmm. Sharesh murmured. I wouldnt be too sure, old man. She smiled a predatory smile, her long fangs flashing.

Hanna eyed her friend. Youll bed anyone with a pulse wont you? She asked, patting Shareshs long, gray furred leg.

Mmm-hmm The Sharesh said, and looked down at her friends hand, then slowly up her arm to her pretty oval face. Including you, little one, if you keep stroking my thigh.  She winked at her halfling companion. She turned on the stool, and Hannas hand was forced by the changing angles to slide far up the muscular thigh, dangerously close to Shareshs loincloth. The fur was soft and warm under the halflings hand.

The halfling looked down and said. You tempt me, Sharesh, you really do. Then she looked back up, meeting the taller womans eyes. But you know women arent really my mug of beer. Then she looked down again, her brown eyes growing wistful. But, I find myself thinking more and more often of thinking of changing mugs. She rubbed the soft fur of the cats thigh a bit more, and then retrieved her errant hand.

Sharesh said, Whenever youre ready, let me know. Ill bring you over gently, or not, by your preference. Her very large eyes started watching the bartender again. She paused a moment, speaking without taking her eyes off of Tammer. You know what your planning is impossible. 

Hanna said. It is no such thing, Ive planned for the differences in size and such. I will bring the centaur off inside me and I'll not use my hands, as I hear human women have to do. The halfling mimed holding onto something huge and tumescent between her legs.

The cat sighed. I wager three marks of silver that you cannot. She said with an authoritative tone in her voice. The gentle swishing of her long tail became swifter and had more sharp movements in it, infuriating the taverns rat-catcher.

I will cover that bet, cat girl. Said Hanna. Ill even sweeten the deal and Ill let you take me to bed if I cannot, as well. Then she giggled. Not that I probably wont go willingly enough soon, anyway.

Very well, you have till midnight, then. The cat-girl pronounced, looking over at the expensive water clock in the corner.

The halfling dropped off of her stool, and stood on wobbly legs. Okay, then, Im off. She said. She headed out the door, toward the paddock, with a look of determination on her small, cute face.

Holding her drink in her hand, she watched her friend walk out. Sharesh shook her head mournfully and fingered the pouch with the emergency potion. She hoped it wouldnt be needed. Hanna would get one look at the swinging organ of the centaur and bolt, she hoped. She held up her empty glass. Bartender, I need another drink. She said.

Tammer came back down to her. You and your little friend can sure pack it away. He said, chuckling. The smile he adopted caused some of the wrinkles marking his age to deepen, but also showed Sharesh that he was a man who had always smiled a lot.

Sharesh looked at him oddly, he thought, and then said. Something tells me you can pack it away as well, grayhair. She smiled at him, her deeply cleft cats lip causing the smile to be very broad and toothy. When he handed her the drink, she wrapped her hand around his and extended her long claws. He couldnt pull away without lacerating himself. Will you grace me with your presence tonight, Tammer? She asked, sweetly. I would dearly love to share your warmth. She was purring full strength now, and her eyes nearly glowed with intensity. Standing from the stool, her cloak had fallen open and Tammer regarded the long, very well shaped and gray-furred body as it was revealed to him and gulped visibly. Her small loincloth and abbreviated half-tunic concealed little, and what he did see was very much to his liking. He even let his eyes wander down her legs, where she had clawed feet perched on the bottom rung of the stools cross-members. The legs were flawless, even with their backwards knees.

Tammers eyes grew wide. Lady, if I thought I would do anything but disappoint you, I would quite happily keep you company. He said and chuckled again, though this one sounded forced. Youre too hot blooded for my old bones. Youd snap me like kindling. There are plenty of young lads about the place, and you know you could pick your favorite, or even favorites.

You underestimate yourself, grayhair. She said and leaned over the bar to where her small triangular nose was nearly touching his. You have one more night of wild abandon in you, I can smell it. She paused, inhaling deeply. And I will have it. Claws slid through his salt and pepper hair as she stroked the back of his head with her free hand, his whole scalp tingled with the gentle, dangerous contact. She then sat back, smiling. You will not sleep alone this night, even if you do not touch me. She retracted her claws and sipped her drink. This drink, she noticed, was apparently on the house, for the barkeep had wandered off down the bar with a dazed look and did not ask for payment.

Outside, Hanna was nervously approaching the three centaurs. Two were dozing, and the third was mending a saddlebag with some rawhide strips and a huge needle. She thought he was very handsome, with craggy features and rippling muscles on his chest and arms. His equine body showed well-developed muscles under its fine layer of stiff fur. He was power incarnate, so far as she could tell, and could easily kill a man without weapons. The thought of all that power, bound to one mind, made her loins warm.

At her approach, he looked up and said. Hail, smallfoot. He wore a large smile, displaying a set of large chisel-shaped teeth behind a wide, smiling mouth with soft-looking lips.

Hanna walked up to the fence of the paddock, and then leaned both arms on its middle rail, resting her head on her folded, well-tanned arms. Well met, proudmane." She said, letting her eyes roam over his long form.

He looked a bit nervous for a moment, then smiled again. Did Hemlak put you up to this? He asked.

I dont know who Hemlak is, but I put me up to this whatever it is. Hanna said. Full, pink lips parted as she smiled sweetly.  I wanted to ask you if youd like to walk with me a short while? Ive never met a centaur before, and would learn more of your people.

The centaur rose off his haunches, he was almost five foot tall at the shoulders of his equine lower half, almost eight to the top of his head. She craned her head back to watch his handsome face. Then her eyes cast downward, over his body and the large sheath that housed his maleness. 

I will walk with you, smallfoot, for I have need to stretch road-weary muscles. The centaur said, smiling. But I would know your name first.

She looked up and smiled herself. Hanna, she said, Hanna Undertoe. She was almost stammering. She chided herself inside for sounding like a stunned schoolgirl. In her almost thirty years, she had never before done that.

He reached down a huge hand and took hers. I am Boral Ironhoof. He said, then his forelegs knelt and he leaned down and kissed her tiny hand. And I am pleased to make your acquaintance, Hanna Undertoe. He rose back to his feet and towered over her again. If it would not offend you, I would bear you for this walk. He pointed to his large back, his big brown eyes hopeful.

It certainly would not. She said. It will save me much craning of my neck and yelling. She giggled, and he laughed. He then picked her up under her armpits and she reflexively grabbed his forearms. She thrilled at the powerful hands and the touch of his skin, soft and smooth. He sat her upon his wide back and she tried to find a position that was ladylike, ending up sidesaddle near his human back. He started to walk, gently and slowly. My goodness, you are strong. She said. Under her rump, she could feel the mighty shoulders muscles that moved his forelegs flexing and bunching. The sensation was utterly thrilling to her.

You are a small burden, Hanna. He said. But a pleasant one. He smiled over his shoulder. 

Under the guise of steadying herself, she grabbed his waist, just above where his pelvis would be on a human, and gently rubbed her fingers there as she held on. She felt a small shift in his gait as she did this, and knew that they were as sensitive there as other men, and in much the same ways. She smiled to herself.

It grows dark soon, smallfoot. He said. Mind you if I continue? My night sight is sufficient, and I will protect you if harm seeks us out.

She smiled into his back and said. I feel very safe with you, Boral, You can take me wherever you like. He reached back and stroked her back and she looked up into his charming smile again. Her little heart was beating fast now. She thought to herself that this thing might just happen.

They reached the edge of the small village that was Morrovale. Would you like me to run? He asked, crouching and sidestepping like a horse itching to race. I have not all day, and my blood yearns for it. His voice was full of eager energy, and not altogether for running.

Please do, but Ive nothing to hold onto back here. She said, looking about for handholds.

He reached behind himself. Then we will try this. He said, then lifted her to his chest and pulled her back tight to his ribs, folding his huge muscular arms over her. She was nearly panting at this intimate contact. Ready?

R...ready. She replied in a gasp as she moved her legs apart and folded her shins to either side of his broad and tightly muscled stomach. Like an arrow he launched. His hindquarters gathered under him, sinking low to the ground, then he sprang forward. She could hear his hooves on the ground, thudding like her heart was now. The muscles of his arms flexed and stretched to hold her firmly to him and keep her as steady as he could. The road turned a corner then opened to a long grass-lined straight away. He accelerated forward, nearly doubling his speed. The hooves of his feet were a blur as they thundered down the grassy stretch beside the road. The wind was now howling in her ears and her eyes were watering. Excitement was building deep down in her body, for she had never before moved at such an exhilarating pace. The realization struck her that this massive, powerful, and apparently quite sweet man was showing off for her. This thought caused her to giggle as it ran on to the thought that she had his interest, now to win his ardor. As he reached the end of the large clearing he slowed to a canter and turned, aiming himself back toward town.

Ready for another go? He asked. His thumbs slid over her ribs gently and sent exciting pulses of tension through her curvaceous little body.

She smiled up at him. When he looked down, she reached up with both hands and grabbed the forelocks of his great shaggy mane that grew from the top of his head then down his spine. His head followed the motion when she pulled him down to her, and their lips met. Her tongue explored his lips, then parted them and entered his mouth. She felt his thick tongue push back then into her own mouth. Deeper his tongue slid, then she realized he had a horses tongue, or something akin to it. 

Luckily for her, her neck was already stretched and all she had to do was swallow, with a simple and practiced flexing of her neck, she took his tongue deeper, then deeper still, until its full measure had left his mouth and he moaned. Hanna relished the feeling of his flexible, smooth tongue stretching her throat gently. She had known humans whose phalluses did not fill her so completely. The muscles of her neck flexed and her mouth sucked upon the extended tongue a long moment. Finally, she released it, allowing him to draw it back in, and then pulled her slim, short fingers free of his hair.

He rose and sucked in a deep, shuddering breath. By the Great Fields. He said, panting now, even more than he had from the run. That was something I never thought to feel. He kissed her again, but gently, and did not part lips.

She giggled. Me either, Boral. She said, and then rubbed his powerfully corded neck with both hands. I would rather we walk back to town. She said. If its all the same to you. A smile and a single finger pointing at the ground caused him to set her gently on the grassy roadside as he hunkered down right in front of her. His head was now only about two feet too high for her. She reached up and he obligingly leaned down. Taking his large head in both hands, she kissed him again, teasing forth his tongue and again sucking it down her long throat. He groaned as he felt immense pleasure within her mouth. This time, when she released his tongue, it was her that was gasping for air. Still panting, she hugged his ribcage then started walking around to his flank.

Tiny fingers explored the massive muscle bundles of his forelegs and he moaned in pleasure as she rubbed and soothed them with long, slow motions. The same procedure was practiced upon his equine ribcage, her fingers flowing over the serrated muscle ridges. The cooling sweat that covered his entire body, she would have thought, should make him smell like a horse. He smelled much more like a normal man, who had just run two miles. She nuzzled into his flank, kissing his ribs and rubbing her cheek on the stiff, short fur.

Then she explored farther down his flank, her fingers ran over the softer lower abdomen then onto his powerfully muscled rump. Again, she stopped to massage his tensed running muscles. As she rubbed and ministered to his tensions, he rolled toward her a little with a groan of pleasure, presenting more of his back to her. Your touch is very soothing, littlefoot. He said.

You are a pleasure to touch, proudmane. Hanna said. You are magnificent.

Around his rump she slowly moved. Her fingers slipped through the long strands of his flowing tail. The silky smooth hairs glided over her skin like they were oiled. Once she reached the other side of his flanks, she began the process in reverse, starting by massaging his rumps massive muscles that drove his powerful hind legs. He was still somewhat on one side and she was now regarding his exposed belly.

Her brown eyes cast downward and she smiled upon seeing his massive cock lying half flaccid on his belly, almost a foot of it protruding from the thick, furry sheath. It was, as she had been warned, almost the length of her arm and considerably thicker at the head and most of the lower shaft.

Please, lady, ignore that. He said, an embarrassed tone to his voice. He had turned to see why she had suddenly frozen solid, which she did not realize she had done. We centaurs have no way of covering that particular item of our anatomy well. Then he grinned sheepishly. And it seems to often have a mind all its own.

She completed her circuit of massaging and stood before him again. Grant not apologies for something so grand and beautiful. She said. It is quite lovely to behold, and it shows how well I am doing in helping you.

I will happily tell you that, smallfoot. The centaur said. You tend me very well, indeed. She felt him grab her around her slim waist with his massive hands and he kissed her again, feeding her his long, thick tongue without her prompting this time.

She swallowed down the probing organ without hesitation, happily suckling upon the softness that filled and stretched her throat. A longer measure slid forth as he forced more of his tongue out of his mouth. With another swallow, she took that added length and moaned as she felt it deep in her neck. Finally relaxing her throat and breaking the seal of her suction on the tongue, she allowed him to retract it, as it cleared her lips, she gasped for air again.

Where did you learn that trick, Hanna? Boral asked, panting a little himself. I have never before felt its like. It is a marvelous sensation.

Just something I know how to do. She said, shrugging and pretending innocence. She was not sure that he believed her, but he said nothing. 

She felt his hands moving down her sides, over her hips, then onto her softly curved thighs then down her legs to the hem of her dress. Her whole body tingled as his large hands made skin-to-skin contact on her ankles, then started moving upward again, pushing the cloth of her dress up with them. She slid her fingertips along the powerful arms of the centaur, feeling their soft flesh and the sheen of sweat he had earned from the intensely fast run. He reached her hips again, and found her ungarmented under her dress. One hand ventured over her hip and traced a line at the joint of body and thigh, finding the soft patch of fur at the lines ending, then went downward. Moisture greeted his fingertips, then the slightly firm, but silken-coated nub of her clitoris. A gasp escaped her parted lips as the fingertip rubbed her clit gently, and she was forced to grab his muscular arms for support. He moved one finger back, over the delicate folds of her innermost place, then pressed upward gently. The thick finger parted the labia and slipped inside her well-moistened hole. She gripped his arms tighter as the finger went deeply into her.

Halflings are not large creatures, and his finger was, by far, larger than most halfling males tackle. She felt her insides stretch gently to accommodate the thick digit and moaned as it plumbed her deeply. His other fingers slipped over the outer folds of her entrance, and his palm rubbed her mound and clitoris gently. His skin was so smooth and soft, and warm. He looked down into her pretty face, seeing her twitch slightly as she opened for him, moving her legs apart.

Another finger joined the first, slipping gently into her, slowly and patiently. She groaned and her eyes fluttered open. Only that. She gasped. More and you will cause me pain. She smiled at him warmly. The finger fully joined its partner, and pressed into her. Your hands are so soft, proudmane. She touched his fascinated face, running her small fingers over his smooth cheeks. He had never before even imagined trying to pleasure a small creature like a halfling, and was entranced that not only could he, but that she showed just as strong a reaction as larger females in the taking of that pleasure. Non-centaur females would never be looked at the same by Boral again.

I regret, smallfoot, He said, smiling at her obvious enjoyment, that I cannot take you fully. Her hands moved over his face, then back to his mane again, stroking his soft hair.

She smiled contentedly. I dont mind one bit, Boral. She said, and pulled him to her for another kiss. As she suckled on his tongue, drawing it forth then back, she groaned in pleasure as his hand lifted her from the ground, bearing all her weight on her pelvis. He stood, holding her thus, then pressed her to his chest with his other hand against her back. He withdrew his long, thick fingers from her with an audible sucking sound and moved that hand around to her tiny waist. She panted and felt suddenly very empty inside with the absence of the two oversized fingers.

Slipping his long tongue from her mouth and throat, he started placing kisses down her neck, then suddenly lifted her high above his head, and tilted his head back as if to look at the stars. She giggled as he lowered her over his face and brought her groin down above his mouth. His tongue snaked out and, crossing the tiny gulf between them, slipped it into her. She gasped at its thickness and softness. Deep into her it plumbed, exploring her inner cavities. Her mouth sagged open, and she shuddered through her entire body. He lowered her down until her entrance rested on his open mouth, and his tongue burrowed itself deeper into her. His lip, heretofore normal and human appearing, suddenly formed itself oddly, and wrapped itself about her tiny clitoris, showing incredible agility. She trembled again as the curled lip gently massaged her little button. The long sinuous tongue slid in and out, fully leaving her then driving to its full depth in a heartbeat. She held her hands around his and started rotating her hips over him. He held his head rock steady, and his hands were as strong and unyielding as a trees limbs. She squealed in delight as her climax overtook her, wailing to the stars overhead. Boral continued feeding tongue to her tight opening for several more moments, until she stopped quivering, and the sound of her breath died down to a more normal level. The sensation of his tongue being squeezed by her contracting vaginal muscles was interesting. He lifted her up and pulled his head out from beneath her dress. He brought her to him again, and kissed her gently. She clung to his head and kissed him in return, giggling and cooing.

Such pleasure you have given me, proudmane. She said, stroking his earlobes with both hands, while smothering him with warm, wet, and tiny kisses.

He smiled. It was a joy to give to such a appreciative receiver. He said, smiling at the little hands on his ears and the soft pecks of her lips. You were a wonder to taste and feel, smallfoot. He gently kissed her neck.

Oh, Im so high up. She said, suddenly noticing he was standing upright, and her head was at the lofty and unaccustomed level of eight feet. Boral lowered her to the ground gently, and placed her upon her feet. She almost fell and he looked at her with concern in his eyes. My knees are a bit unsteady is all, Boral. She braced herself with a hand against his foreleg. She had almost forgotten her main goal in this endeavor, but suddenly there was a huge reminder right before her eyes. The sight of the massive organ swinging pendulously beneath the centaurs hind legs was what weakened her knees.

Now, for your pleasure, proudmane. She said, and started to rub the lower flanks of his ribs as high as she could reach from the ground.

He looked down curiously and wide eyed as she started moving down his side. Surely you do not mean to try to... He started to say, but his voice drifted off to an unheard whisper as her hand stroked down the side of his enormous cock. 

I mean to try nothing, proudmane. I mean to succeed. She said, and wrapped both hands about the rapidly swelling shaft. His organs flesh was black as jet, and soft as silk. She could feel the blood flowing through it in great pulses, and saw the head flaring open like a trumpet horn. She squeezed the head, and found it soft and pliant, bringing a smile to her face when he gasped at the sensation of her tiny fingers on his most sensitive area. The shaft was hugely thick, but she was both relaxed now, and excited by the sight and feel of it. She slipped her hands down the full length, and it was rising now, no longer simply hanging beneath him. So huge. She sighed. It now stood fully forth, roughly parallel to his body and extending almost half her entire height out from its soft sheath. His testicles were drawn up, and quite large. She moved her hands down and cupped one in them, gently squeezing the soft oblate. It was the size of her head, she thought, or nearly so. It was smooth and cool. Boral groaned as she fondled it.

Do not get yourself hurt, smallfoot. He said, moaning as her hands returned to stroking his shaft.

She giggled and peered up at him from under his massive body. Do I seem like Im being hurt? She said, smiling broadly.

He smiled back and she disappeared beneath him. No, you seem well. He said as she started up with the touching again. Though, there may be quite a mess down there if you continue.

She giggled, and her hands moved quicker. I dont mind a bit of a mess. She said. Then he felt something he truly hadnt expected. The end of his organ was being engulfed in wetness and warmth. She was putting her mouth to him. A twitch ran from the stimulated head of his pole up his body and he shivered with pleasure as she ran her tongue over the end.

He craned his upper body around to look beneath himself, and she had the head folded and was taking it deeper. She inched forward, slowly, taking more and more of him. Her slender throat stretched wider as his organ slipped past the depth of her mouth, and he actually saw its progress down her gullet. Soon, she had over half of it, then more. It was past her collar down her throat and still she pushed upward. She slowly pulled it out and when the head popped out of her mouth, she gasped for air. The only problem I see is I cant breathe while doing that. She said, feeling his shaft slick with her throats fluids.

A pity. He said, with an honest note of disappointment. No female has graced my organ with her mouth before and the sensation was very unique.

She looked at him askance. Ive not yet admitted defeat, proudmane. She said. Youve provided me great pleasure this night. I can not sleep knowing Ive not done the same. He watched with fascination in his eyes as she took him into her mouth again, and then, more quickly this time, took him down her throat, until she was directly below his sheath, and the only thing stopping more progress was she was already on her toes. His eyes wide with amaze, Boral pushed downward experimentally with his hindquarters. The remaining four inches slipped into her mouth, and down her stretched neck, and he felt the head flare open deep inside her. Her eyes were closed in a look of ecstasy. Then she pointed upward. Boral lifted himself and she lowered, and he watched as the full length of him came forth from her stretched mouth. He could feel her small teeth along the top and bottom of his amazing girth, but there was no pain. She gasped for air harder this time. Then finally having sufficient breath, she said. We will have to do this quickly I think. She smiled. Are you near to your climax? She asked him.

He nodded enthusiastically. But your clever little hands will be more than sufficient, if you desire for me to do so, I am sure. Said Boral, trying to talk her out of her current apparent direction.

She shook her head. You used your mouth to pleasure me, and I will return that kindly done favor. Hanna said while stroking his organ, keeping it primed and erect for her desire. When I next take you in, then start ... well ... start thrusting. Take me that way and finish. Understand? She asked, her eyes were intense, and he thought it unwise, not to mention potentially very disappointing for both of them, to gainsay her.

He nodded. I do. He said, and touched her face. Be cautious, Hanna, this is meant as pleasure, not danger.

I face the danger willingly, to give you that pleasure, proudmane. She said, and kissed his hand.

She moved back to before his organ. Slipping the head past her lips, she started up its length again. She got to her knees and took him to almost half his length. She struck the ground with her small hand. Boral pushed gently downward, watching inch after inch slide into her distended mouth and down her well-used throat. Hanna hit the ground again, and her eyes looked imploringly at him. He smiled nervously and drove himself the remaining six or so inches downward as fast as he dared. Her eyes closed and she braced herself with her hands on his ankles.

He pulled halfway out, and drove into her again, then again, then again. He was fully mounting this non-centaur filly. He had heard, from other centaurs, of human women who could accommodate a goodly portion of a centaur in rut, but one that could take all of one was unheard of, and this was but a halfling, not even half as large as a human. He entered her repeatedly, for most of a minute before he climaxed, his cock buried deep into her throat and he felt it pulse forcefully as he spent his seed. He finished jetting his semen into her and lifted up his haunches and then took a long step back. She slid smoothly off the end of his cock and slumped to the ground, unconscious, but gasping for air. Guiltily, he picked her up and carried her back to the inn at a slow trot, so as to not hurt her any more than he feared he already had.

He laid her upon the steps of the inn. She was still sucking in great gasps of air. Trotting off to the paddock, he sat and watched from a ways. Another human form came out, wearing a long robe and knelt down to the small form of his tiny lover. Then Hanna sat up and waved toward him, with an obvious smile on her small face. The two spoke a moment and went inside.

---

Hanna regained consciousness with a bitter taste in her mouth. 

Wake up, you little harlot. Sharesh said. Your boyfriend just dropped you off. The halfling looked over at the paddock and saw Boral watching her concernedly. Hanna sent him a small wave then went inside by the prodding of her friend. "I gave you some of the potion, but you seem unhurt."

When she had mounted her stool, Sharesh turned to face her. You obviously gave it one hell of a try, to get yourself knocked out cold. She said, and ran a hand up Hannas dress, feeling her slot clinically. She pulled the hand out and giggled. But I smell no spend here. She pronounced after sniffing the thick finger, then using her talented tongue to lap the quite ample juices from it. My three marks if you please. When Tammer is done servicing me tonight, you will taste spend between my thighs, my small friend, so the difference will be known.

Hanna looked at her askance and smiled. Think you that? She said, then leaned close to Sharesh and kissed her, full on, with open mouth. Sharesh let her do so, for she rarely passed up a good kiss. For a long moment the two had their lips locked onto one another, and the remaining patrons at this late hour were all staring when they separated.

Very nice, Hanna, I look forward to you using that tongue la.... She said, giggling, then she stopped laughing. She leaned back over and put her sensitive nose to the halflings mouth. By the One, She said, astonished and sitting back, you did receive his load. She smiled. You just didnt receive it the way I had anticipated. She held out a clawed hand with three silver marks in it, and dropped them into Hannas pocket at the front of her dress.

The halfling shrugged. One should always stick to ones strengths. She said, ordering a drink. I wont be drinking much tonight. As this once, I am full. Hanna reached into her dress little pocket. There was a folded piece of parchment in it that had not been there before.

Whats that? Asked Sharesh, eyeing the parchment.

Hanna examined the small piece of paper then giggled. Its a map to his village, and a sigil to get me past the wardens. She said. Boral bids me visit whenever I desire. She looked out to the paddock through the door, and slipped off her stool and walked to the jamb. They waved to one another, causing his companions to regard him a bit oddly. I think I will, too. She turned back and walked up to Sharesh. Just as soon as I lay my hands upon a potion of water breathing. Or, better yet, a ring of water breathing. She sat upon her stool. Or, perhaps, a potion of giant form, or a polymorph potion to become a centaur or horse. her eyes were now glazed over. Maybe a potion of shrinking for him, or... She kept rambling on in this vein, but Sharesh was already preparing to make her move on poor old Tammer. The population of the tavern was dwindling and he had a rather nervous look on his face as she eyed him like a plate of raw fish.