The morning flew by. Staff appeared within the hour bringing food. Clothing was brought in and more staff members began with hair and makeup. George found it less difficult than she thought to keep up Junsu's persona. No one seemed to notice when she didn't remember things, or when she had to look to Jaejoong or Yoochun for the details.

"What am I wearing?" she whispered to Jaejoong in the bathroom at one point. He was again sitting in front of a mirror, doing his own hair. George was fascinated that he wasn't bothering with a hairdryer, but could simply turn his head upside down and shake it dry. Wind being, indeed.

Jaejoong glanced up at her in the mirror. "This is nothing," he said, going back to his locks. "You actually look somewhat normal."

"For a strip club!" she retorted, fingering the odd jacket-shirt combination and glancing down at Junsu's chest. Which was highly visible given the deep V cut of the outfit.

Jaejoong smiled. "You're just mad you had to wear a thong."

George rolled her eyes. "What guy wears see-through white pants?"

"You and I, apparently," Jaejoong said, standing up and showing off his own pair. He shrugged. "Yoochun grabbed the black ones before I got to the rack." His eyes twinkled. "He's going to have to wear this shirt though," he said, holding up a sheer black bit of fabric. George held up her hand and Jaejoong gave her a high-five.

Yoochun stuck his head in the room. His eyes narrowed. "Okay, that's frightening enough when it's Junsu for real," he whispered. "What are you two up to?"

"Not a thing," George answered, taking the shirt from Jaejoong. She slapped it against Yoochun's bare chest. "Here's your shirt."

Yoochun grabbed it and held it up. "This is because of the pants, isn't it," he said. Jaejoong smiled and George made a face at him, walked out of the room. "You've seen his ass!" He called after her. "They look best on you!"

When all the dressing and preparation with management was done for the interviews, they had a few minutes alone in the room the hotel had set aside for the press conference.

"Remember," Jaejoong was saying, fussing with her hair again. "Junsu has two modes. Stoic and beaming."

"What is he a god of?" George asked suddenly. As the words left her mouth, the door opened and staff began ushering press personel into the room.

Yoochun glanced at Jaejoong, then stepped in close to her, mouth to her ear. "Oh my god Sun," he whispered.

George lifted an eyebrow, but kept silent. Of course. He can command stars. Jaejoong seemed to read her mind and winked at her as they were being seated on a couch together. He patted her knee, and the questions began.

The whole thing was more of a whirlwind experience. George answered the questions directed at Junsu with some help and some tagging along on the other's answers. She could tell there was a flow to the banter that usually involved one of them being the brunt of a comment, depending on topic. Yoochun was the drinking target; Jaejoong was the fashion and pet fallguy, and Junsu was teased a lot about money. Everything was going smoothly until someone asked Jaejoong about the past year.

George could feel the two men beside her stiffen. She glanced over and saw Jaejoong's head was lowered, while Yoochun was staring at the man who had asked the question.

"I'd like to temporarily leave that topic alone," Jaejoong answered.

"How about the tattoos on your back?" the man continued. "What do those stand for?"

There was a longer pause as Jaejoong smiled and looked between she and Yoochun. That smile made the hair stand up on the back of her neck. "Those are mostly words commemorating my debut with JYJ," he stated. "I wear my memories on my skin."

"And you have TVXQ on your back as well," the man pushed.

Yoochun cleared his throat. "We would prefer to leave that topic alone," he reiterated. His mask was on very well. He looked at the manager.

"That will have to be all, Ladies and Gentlemen," the manager declared. "Unfortunately, JYJ have a plane to catch, and a very tight schedule."

There was applause and the room began to clear. Jaejoong was up off the couch, and Yoochun stood as well, craning his neck somewhat to follow the man who had asked the final questions.

"We have to get out of here," Yoochun said, turning toward her. Jaejoong bent down to retrieve something from the floor. "Jae--" Yoochun started, but it was too late. Camera flash went off like strobe lights. Jaejoong had his back to the room, and he'd leaned over enough to reveal the tattoos on his lower back.

Jaejoong straightened, and George saw his jaw clench then unclench before the smile appeared again, and he turned around. The man who asked the questions was staring at the three of them with a satisfied look in his eyes.

"Ah yes," the manager said again. "JYJ must be going." He bowed. "Thank you again."

"Go." Jaejoong directed her toward another door on the opposite side of the room. George didn't need to be told twice. In a few minutes, they were back in the elevator on their way to the rooms.

"What just happened?" George asked as they stepped out onto their floor.

"That man wasn't press," Yoochun said. Jaejoong was cursing under his breath. "He was from our old company. SM Entertainment."

George thought she understood. "So he came to mess with your interviews?"

"No," Jaejoong said, pulling a keycard from his pocket and unlocking the door to his room. "He came to send us a message."

"And what's the message?" George asked, following Jaejoong into the room.

"To leave Shim Changmin alone," a voice said from inside the room. Standing casually in front of the large window was the reporter. And he was holding a gun.

Yoochun kicked the door closed, and the world went into the same slow motion as before. Jaejoong spun around, grabbing George as the shots started and carrying her with him to the floor. It was Yoochun who went for the shooter. From the ground, George heard four shots fired before she heard the gun knocked away into a lamp that fell and shattered. She and Jaejoong looked up from where they were, and saw Yoochun blocking punches, giving his own. One sent the man flying into a nearby chair and he toppled over with it. Yoochun went after him, and they ended up on the floor grappling for the gun lying just a few feet away.

Yoochun landed a solid kick to the man's stomach and he doubled over. Reaching behind his back, Yoochun pulled a gun of his own from under his shirt, and without hesitation fired two shots. Then the room was silent.

"You could have warned me," Jaejoong said angrily, getting up and hurrying over to where Yoochun was lying.

"What did you think I wanted the black pants for?" Yoochun asked, rolling over and letting his head fall back against the carpet. "Can't hide a piece under white trousers."

"Damn it, Yoochun," Jaejoong muttered. George got up and came over to where Jaejoong was leaning over Yoochun on the floor. There was blood. A lot of blood. And Jaejoong was holding his hands over what seemed to be the worst of the wounds.

"It's not like I can die from it," Yoochun whispered, meeting George's eyes. She recognized where he was at, and it was only partly true. Each "fatal" incident she'd experienced since becoming a reaper was a little death. If you lost too much blood, you passed out until your body regenerated enough to keep your brain alive again. If you lost a limb, it reattached, but the pain was still pain.

"Where are you hit?" She asked, kneeling down. So much for the white pants.

"Chest and side," Yoochun murmured, eyes closing. He passed out moments later.

George glanced at the reporter's body. There was a distinct lack of blood. "What the hell?" she asked, looking closer.

"He's not human," Jaejoong told her. "He's not even really 'he' at all."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"The real him is still downstairs, probably already out of the hotel." He motioned at the body, grabbed at a shirt lying nearby and pressed it against Yoochun's chest. "It's a kind of physical projection. A dummy."

George grabbed a pillow and shoved it against the wound in Yoochun's side. "What are we going to do with the...body?" she asked.

Before Jaejoong could answer, there was a kind of sucking sound beside her. She turned toward the reporter's projection and watched his form disappear, last visible image diminishing into some kind of tiny vaccuum. And then there was nothing.

"That." Jaejoong replied. "They sort of take care of themselves."

"And if he'd been real?" she asked. "What would you have done with the body then?"

Jaejoong gave her a half-smile. "Called Yunho."

They sat silently over Yoochun's body, until the reaper healing closed the wounds enough to stop the bleeding. Jaejoong shifted and cradled Yoochun's head in his lap.

George thought of something. "Why hasn't anyone come looking for where shots were fired?"

Jaejoong motioned to the room. "I've got us in a sound bubble. No one heard what just happened."

"And the blood and broken lamp?"

Jaejoong caressed Yoochun's cheek. "You know how you pick up mannerisms and vocabulary, stuff like that from people you spend a lot of time with?" George nodded. Much as she hated it, sometimes she found herself cussing like Mason, or chewing someone out like Roxy. She even, on rare occassions, sounded like Daisy.

Jaejoong continued. "You can also pick up power."

George thought about that. "You can..." What had Yunho called it? "Shift space."

"Not like he can, not even close. But yes. In small things, I can shift space." Jaejoong closed his eyes. A ripple went through the room, and again like last night, everything was just as it had been before the fight. No broken lamp, no bullet holes, no blood.

Yoochun stirred. "I knew he wasn't real," he croaked, attempting an apology to Jaejoong. "I knew he would try for Junsu's body." He stretched, and George could empathize with the wince.

"You still should have warned me," Jaejoong said, standing up and reaching down for both her and Yoochun. He pulled them to their feet.

"Could you tell, George?" Yoochun asked her. "It's not like gravelings, exactly, but there's something missing. No soul residue."

George thought about it. She could feel what he meant with gravelings, the taint, the lack of soul any longer. With the projection... "If I focused on it," she told him. "But I didn't know what I was looking at or what I was feeling."

Yoochun touched her arm, smiled encouragingly. "You will. Especially now that you know it exists."

"We good here?" Jaejoong asked. Yoochun nodded and stooped to pick up his gun, tucked it back into his pants. George's ears popped, and she heard the ambient noise return.

"How did you even get that here?" George asked.

"Junsu," both Jaejoong and Yoochun answered at the same time.

"He can bend space as well," Jaejoong told her.

"Of course he can," George said, sitting on Jaejoong's bed. There was a knock at the door.

Jaejoong made a face. "Time to get home," he said, and went to answer the door. "Staff," he called, pulling it open and greeting the clothing coordinator. "Also, lunch!"

Yoochun grinned at that, and pulled his keycard out of his pocket. "Shall we change?"

After another flurry of food and staff and packing, followed by another walk through corridors of fans saying farewell, they were finally in a vehicle and headed for the airport.

Once they were through security and waiting at the gate, everything was fairly normal. A shy fan or two would pass by and snap a picture now and again, but other than that, they sat mostly undisturbed.

Airports were one of those places it was always possible to find gravelings. George wasn't entirely sure why, but she thought it might have something to do with the level of stress airports could generate. They rarely caused accidents at airports or on planes, but there always seemed to be plenty hanging around. Today was no different.

A party of three gravelings was hanging around the check-in counter for the gate, but they didn't seem to be actively interfering in anything. Just watching.

"That is not right," George said at last. She glanced at Yoochun to see him watching them as well.

"They don't seem to notice us or actually be doing anything," Yoochun agreed.

"Maybe they're waiting for a plane," Jaejoong suggested. He looked up from where he was slouched in the chair beside her. "Maybe they're waiting for our plane."

"Like hell," George said, standing up. She stopped, and turned to look at Yoochun. "We haven't seen a single graveling since last night, and suddenly there are three just hanging out here?"

Jaejoong lifted his sunglasses and peered at the gravelings who still hadn't looked their way. He blew out a breath, and a breeze floated across the waiting area for the gate, teasing the nearest graveling's hair. This one turned around and stared at the three of them. Then it's eyes widened and it grabbed the other two, and made to pull them away from the gate.

Yoochun stood up as well. "They don't know who we are."

Jaejoong snorted. "And they're about to get on a plane with us? That's some bad luck."

The other two gravelings were trailing behind the one, glancing over their shoulders. The first graveling pulled them across the concourse walkway and behind a pillar.

"Or it's not luck at all," George said, frowning.

"Another message?" Yoochun asked.

"Another trap," George whispered, turning. "Look at the plane." Like insects swarmming, gravelings were covering almost every inch of the plane's exterior, and more still were jumping down from the concourse roof or climbing up from the ground.

"Cathay Pacific Flight CX420 is now boarding first class at gate 7A," the call came over the PA system. "Gate 7A, first class only at this time."

"That's us," Yoochun said, grabbing his bag.

"I have an idea," George told them, picking up Junsu's overnight bag. Her own luggage was checked with JYJ and staff baggage. "Let's just get on that plane before we have an audience."

Jaejoong slung his own bag over his shoulder. "What's the plan?" he asked as they made their way to the gate door. Yoochun was ushered through just ahead of her, and George held up a finger as she showed Junsu's boarding pass. Jaejoong was passed through right after, and together they made their way down the ramp toward the plane.

"Can you shift just a portion of the plane's wall?" George asked Jaejoong quietly.

He nodded. "That shouldn't be a problem."

"Then get ready to do it while Yoochun and I get ready to reach through."

They were greeted at the plane, and George was relieved to see there was no one else in the cabin but two flight attendants who were eagerly helping them stow their bags.

"You distract them," she whispered to Jaejoong. "Yoochun and I will be in coach just long enough to gather the power. When you hear Yoochun sing, shift the plane." Before Jaejoong could argue, George pulled Yoochun into coach and pulled the curtain between the two sections.

"Kiss me," she said, stepping into him. He hesitated, and she gripped his arm. "I saw you do this at the concert, Yoochun. I know it will work. Just kiss me, and think of Junsu. Then just like you all did that night, let it ride your voice and your touch."

Yoochun nodded. "Okay," he said in English, smiled, and kissed her. George felt the matching power between them grow, swirl around the familiarity between Yoochun and Junsu's bodies, and she knew the moment he was about to let go. His head fell back, and he sang a single pure note, so full of power and resonance, at first it seemed to George that the sound alone had rippled back the roof of the aircraft. She threw up her hands just as Yoochun did, and the effect was like fire across dry grass. Gravelings were consummed not by a touch, but in a wave of the ability she and Yoochun shared. Then Yoochun fell silent, and the roof rippled back just as it was supposed to be.

George climbed over seats to look out the window. There was nothing to see but the last wisps of ash falling to the ground. She turned and smiled at Yoochun, scooting back to the aisle. "Sorry to inconvenience you," she said, touching his lips.

He grinned and pulled her to him for another kiss. This one was for her. "Thank you, George," he whispered, again in English.

She couldn't help it. She blushed. Yoochun laughed, and she was saved having to say anything else by a flight attendant who flung open the curtain and startled herself at the sight of them. George jumped away from Yoochun, and he put his hands behind his back.

"Mr. Park, Mr. Kim," the flight attendant said, looking anywhere but at them. "Can I get you anything to drink?"

"Jack," Jaejoong called from the first class cabin. "They both want Jack."

George fought her laugh, and Yoochun nodded. "Yes, please," he said, offering George the chance to walk back to their cabin ahead of him. She found her seat on the aisle, across from Jaejoong. She waited until Yoochun took the window seat next to her, then sat down between them.

"Very nice," Jaejoong said, raising his glass in a toast as they settled in.

Their drinks arrived, and Yoochun downed his in two gulps. He touched her arm. "Wake me if you need."

"What if I need?" Jaejoong asked hopefully.

Yoochun pulled his headphones on, lowered his chair back, and ignored Jaejoong entirely.

"Sigh. I'm so forsaken," Jaejoong said loud enough for Yoochun to hear under his music.

"See you at home, Jae," Yoochun said, and turned his face toward the window.

"Maybe," Jaejoong whispered, meeting George's eyes.

She frowned at him. "What is that supposed to mean?"

"I don't do 'goodbye,'" Jaejoong answered, swirling the liquid in his glass. He leaned across the aisle. "I want you to take my soul before Yunho arrives. Before Yoochun realizes."

"Not until we're in Seoul," George told him. "Not until I know your body will be safe."

Jaejoong thought about that. "Agreed." He fidgeted with the armrest. "I don't want them to know when you're doing it. I just need to go."

George nodded. "Okay," she agreed. "We'll do it your way. As long as I know we're in a safe place."

"Our apartment," he said. "Only one place safer, and there's no going back to it anymore."

"Home," George mused.

"Home," Jaejoong echoed, falling silent.

Other passengers began to board the plane, and Jaejoong pulled away from the aisle. George put her seat back, closed her eyes and after a few minutes listening to Yoochun's steady breathing, fell asleep herself.

Someone was singing. It sounded like a lullabye, but the voice singing it was so sad, so full of sorrow, George wanted to cry at the sound.

The she realized it was coming from her. No, that wasn't right. Slowly, hazily, George remembered.

It was coming from Junsu.

The room was dark, if it even was a room at all. George could see nothing beyond the edges of a small glow, light from a tiny sun that hung in the air before her tentatively pushing back the darkness. She was sitting on a solid surface, and lying on the floor next to her was Shim Changmin. His body wasn't bound, but he wasn't conscious. He seemed to George to be more than asleep, but she could still feel his soul inside him somewhere, lost and quiet.

The lullabye ended, and the light faded as Junsu swallowed hard against tears, reached out his hand to touch Changmin's fingers as the darkness crept over them. George felt his heart, her heart speed up, felt the awfulness of the unending night that threatened from every side.

"Changminnie-ah," Junsu whispered on a parched throat, and a tendril of the tiny star's light returned. "Maknae," he murmured. "I'm still here."

Junsu coughed for a moment, dark descending over them again, then he started to sing once more. This too was a soft, sad song about love lost and the hope of love returned. George watched as the star's light grew brighter, even with Junsu's voice crippled and fainting; listened to him sing more with his heart and soul than with his voice any longer. She wondered suddenly how time worked in this place, and how long Junsu had been keeping vigil over Changmin like this.

"Still here, boy?" a voice boomed from the blackness. George felt the anger flood Junsu's every fiber. The tiny sun sputtered, and Junsu swallowed, kept singing. The light steadied.

"You'll never reach him, you know," the voice continued. "Not as long as I hold him." There was a laugh. "All these years, and he hasn't heard a word."

Junsu's answer was to sing louder. The light flared a little.

"Go back to the sky, back to where you belong," the voice cajoled. "Look at how your light is diminished here. Go back to the world that needs you."

Junsu gripped Changmin's hand in his, stopped singing. The light faded, but he spoke into the darkness. "And yet," he said, voice hoarse, "It still shines in this place."

"For now," the voice said without concern. "And when it serves you no longer, I will have two souls to feed on."

"Never," Junsu growled, shifting closer to Changmin. "I will reach him. I have." His voice burst forth against the crawling blackness, and the tiny star came to life, glowed with his music.

"As you will," the voice mocked, laughter fading away moments later.

Junsu continued to sing to a man who never stirred.

George woke weeping. She snapped the seat upright, and caught her face in her hands to cover the tears. A hand landed on her shoulder, and she turned to see Yoochun lifting his sunglasses off his face, pulling his headphones onto his neck.

"What is it?" he asked softly.

But George couldn't answer. Junsu's voice--the sorrow and the longing--were echoing in her head, in her soul, and her heart was breaking with the pain of it.

Jaejoong slid out of his seat and into the aisle. "George," he whispered, reaching for her hand. "George, what did you see?"

"Pain," she choked out, tears overwhelming again. "Oh, oh god." She looked at Yoochun. "How long has he been down there?"

Yoochun leaned in and took her face in both hands. "If you can," he whispered. "Hold onto it until we reach Seoul."

But George shook her head at him, the melody churning inside her. "I can't," she whispered. "Oh god." She started to weep again.

Jaejoong took her by the hand he held, pulled her from the seat. "Come," he murmured, leading her into the first class lavatory. He put the seat down on the toilet, and George crumpled down onto it, grateful for the small privacy.

Jaejoong let her cry. He found her a towel to clutch until she was ready to dry her eyes, passed her tissues to blow her nose, and ran his fingers through Junsu's hair, soothing.

"George," Jaejoong said at last, when her sobs had subsided, and she was shaking with the after-weeping sighs, "What did you hear?"

George didn't know how to sing, but everything in her was telling her she needed to sing to Jaejoong the melody that Junsu had let her hear. She closed her eyes and swallowed, then sang, "Fly away, fly away, love."

Jaejoong's eyes filled with tears. "Oh," he said, covering his mouth. George passed him a tissue. He leaned down and hugged her. "As soon as we land," he murmured. "I have to go."

"What does it mean?" George asked him, sniffling.

"Insa," Jaejoong answered. "It's a song we sang together." He clarified, "All five of us." Jaejoong took a breath and began to sing:

Even that time when the wind stays
Its not enough for me.
I smile one more time and give my final greeting:
I love you.

I am tired now and love hurts but
Even if that time is just a memory
I have to give my final greeting.
I love you, I love you.

Fly away Fly away Love
Fly away Fly away Love
Fly away Fly away Love

In the afterlife I will greet my love again

George's shoulders were shaking again with the sorrow of it. "What is he trying to tell you?" she asked.

"He's saying good-bye," Jaejoong whispered. "He's trying to release Changmin's soul. They'd rather die than be held there for eternity."

"He's telling you not to come," George said, understanding. "He's telling YOU good-bye."

"Yes." Jaejoong ran a hand over his face. "This was our song, in a way."

There was a gentle tapping on the door. Jaejoong pulled it open and a worried Yoochun looked in. "Are you alright, George?" he asked quietly, reaching a hand in to her.

"No," she whispered honestly, "I'm really not." She took his hand, but gave Jaejoong a quick hug as she slid by him. "Soon," she whispered against his cheek, echoing everything Yunho had meant in one word. Jaejoong nodded, but did not reply.

Jaejoong stayed in the lavatory, and Yoochun led the way back to their seats. When they were again seated, he reached for her hand. "He's not good, is he?" he asked.

George met his concerned gaze. She shook her head, and made herself watch the tears well up in Yoochun's eyes. "You couldn't have held it anymore than me," she whispered.

He nodded. "I'm sorry."

She squeezed his hand. "Jaejoong is going to help him."

Yoochun nodded again, but George could tell that bothered him more that he would show.

"It's hard being the human," she said, interpreting his silence.

Yoochun rubbed at his chest. "If you can even call us that any longer."

"Maybe there's no difference between any of us at all," she said. "Maybe it's all a matter of time and choices."

"What do you mean?" Yoochun asked.

"Did you ever ask Junsu how he came to be? Or Yunho?"

Yoochun shook his head. "No."

George smiled. "Maybe you should." Yoochun looked at her for a long time.

"Maybe I should," he repeated.

The lavatory door opened and Jaejoong stepped out, tears dried, sunglasses back in place. He sat back down across from George, gave her and Yoochun a tight smile. At that moment, the captain of the aircraft came on the loudspeaker and announced their approach to Incheon.

"Almost home," Yoochun whispered. He held her hand under a jacket the rest of the flight.