Doppleganger IX by Geek Writer
*******************************
Read the other stories to figure out where we are:)
Copyright 2002@ by ME!!!DON'T COPY PLEASE!!!
*******************************

I couldn't resist James's request, and I knew from reading him that he was bisexual before he became a Doppleganger.  I had been curious as to how I would react in certain situations, and this was one of them.  Before I had discovered my gifts, I would have never thought being with another man would have been a turn on.  In learning how to use my gifts, I felt like I had transcended the taboo's of macho man and realized that I had been limiting myself to just women.  I began to think of myself as a purely sexual being, rather than hetro, homo, or bi sexual.

James had pulled me with him onto the bed, but most of his concentration had been on Jasmine.    She was lying in the middle of the bed, completely naked.  The lighting was low making her skin glow golden and perfect.  I had done a really good job with her curves when I had changed her.  Her hair was black and wavy, setting off her dark eyes and ruby lips.  Her mouth was made for kissing and for other things.  Her coal black eyes smouldered with sexuality as she gazed down at his stiffening member.  It was the most perfect penis I had ever seen, not huge, not too long.  Just perfectly formed with ropy veins running up and down it's red/purple length, capped by a spongy bloated head that Jasmine slithered down and put in her mouth.  James laid down on his side and put his hands on Jasmine's head as she sucked the purpled head into her mouth.

Watching all of this was getting me horny, and I wanted to have my dick sucked.  I laid my hand on James's shoulder as I began to change, returning to my natural form slowly, but with a replica of his perfect cock.  His eyes were heavy as he reached out with one hand for my erect penis.  I moved across the bed and laid down near his head, opening my legs to give him access to my shaft.  

A fire lit inside me that I had never felt before.  It wasn't the familiar itch I got with a woman, it was more powerful, deeper somehow.  As I watched the head of my cock slide into his mouth, watched his tongue bathe the head, I felt a new awareness.  I was a sexual being, not tied to any particular partner.  His technique was amazing, not any better than Jasmine's, just different.  He knew all the places to lick and nibble and suck and soon I felt that familiar sensation in my balls as they tightened.  I tried to tell him it was coming, but he just sucked me deeper into his mouth, groaning loudly.  When I saw his hips buck back and forth as he came in Jasmine's mouth, I obliged him with the same from me.

I laid there on my side, breathing heavilyy as he lifted his head from my lap.  Jasmine sat up with a smile on her face as she licked her lips with a smirk.  She had a look on her face as she had just had an idea and she jumped off the bed heading for the door.  James and I looked at one another and chuckled.  

"Wow," I said, bringing my breath under control.  "That was a lot more intense than I expected."

He smiled and nodded, reaching out for my face.  I moved in closer so I could kiss him.  His mouth was soft on mine and tasted salty from the seed I had given him.  As our tongues moved around one another, I felt a warm mouth on my semi-limp cock.  I looked down and saw Jasmine bringing me back to life.  She was jacking me off with one hand while the other was wedged in her pussy.  I looked down into James's lap to see Jennifer's head bobbing up and down, causing James's eyes to roll back into his head.  With both of us erect once more, I had planned on attacking Jasmine's pussy with my steel rod.  They, on the other hand, had a different idea.

Jasmine took my hand while Jennifer turned James over onto his hands and knees.  She pulled his hips up and after several deep thrusts into her pussy, took her fingers and wiped them all over James's anus.  Jasmine had been stroking my cock while Jennifer was moving James into position.  He turned his head to look at me and smiled as I moved up behind him watching Jennifer and Jasmine scrambled up onto the bed.  They used pillows to prop themselves up and laid back on the bed, both thrusting their hands in the other's pussy, Jasmine's mouth going to Jennifer's big tits.  Jennifer looked at me and said, "Damn Duncan, what the hell are you waiting for?  Fuck him, we want to watch!!"

"My mom said Never keep a lady waiting..." I drawled as I pulled one of his cheeks to the side and put the head at his puckered anus.  I pushed slowly into him, making him grunt deeply.  Jennifer and Jasmine were both watching us, their eyes glazed.  His asshole was tight around my pole as I slid into him, an inch at a time.  

"Ohh fuck" he breathed as I continued to slide into him.  It wasn't better than a woman's anus, just different.  I grabbed him by the hips and slid the rest of the way into him, all four of us moaning at the same time.  I slowly slid back until just the head was inside him, and pushed my cock back into him.  Every time I bottomed out in him, he and the two girls would moan.

It felt strange, but amazing to have my cock sheathed in a man's ass.  I sped up the pace, my hands locked to his hips as he began bucking them and pleading with me.  "Jesus!  Do me, god damn....Do me harder, fuck me hard!"  I changed the speed, the angle, and depth of my strokes to accomodate his need and my own.  Jennifer had slid under him and taken his fat cock in her mouth.  I could see her lying under him as my cock sawed deeply in and out of his ass.  She stared right at me as I began to bang his ass, my own orgasm coming soon.

I felt him shoot back onto me as Jennifer ran her nails across my scrotum, an electric shock igniting in my balls.  I emptied the contents of my orgasm deep into his bowels as he deposited his into Jennifer's waiting mouth.  I continued to stroke in and out of his ass until my cock, spent, fell out.  Jennifer moved out from under him as he rolled onto his side and collapsed with a smile on his face.

Jen had moved out from underneat him and stood next to the bed.  I looked up at her to make a comment, only to see her change.  Her body began to change before my eyes, which I had thought had been impossible.  I hadn't come inside her or touched her at all for that matter.  I watched as her curves hardened and a huge penis drop from her crotch where a pussy had been minutes before.  The amazon was gone, replaced by a Mr Universe physique.  The look on her face was stunned.

Jen's voice came out lower as she gasped, "How did I do that??"

It came to me at once.  I pointed to James, saying "His fluid is still potent, still the catalyst in a change.  He just can't make the adjustment's himself since the accident, but since you can change if you have the fluid, you two make a great pair."

He sat up on the bed, a grin spreading across his face.  "Oh wow!" was all he said.

Jasmine echoed the sentiment, but her eyes were only for the moster dick swinging between Jen's legs.  She licked her lips and scooted to the edge of the bed saying, "You two go get cleaned up.  I want you all to make me airtight."  She squealed as she tried to stuff the head between her lips, succeeding, barely.  She gave up after a second, choosing to lick it like a lollipop.  Jen's eyes rolled back in her head as Jasmine shouted, "Scoot!"  I could see Jen's dick rapidly hardening under Jasmine's expert ministrations.

James and I scrambled off the bed rushing into the bathroom.  I could see his cock getting hard already.  We jumped in the shower and soaped ourselves up, rinsing off quickly.  We barely dried ourselves before going into the bedroom once more.  Jen was lying on her back near the edge of the bed, her long muscular legs hanging over the side slightly.  Jasmine was perched above her, about to slide down on her monster cock.  I could see the head nestled in her velvety folds disappear after an initial gasp from Jasmine.  She bit her full bottom lip as she rocked slowly down onto Jen's huge dong.  Now that it was hard, it really was massive.  It was at least eleven inches long and about as fat as my calf.  Jen had really outdone herself.  Her eyes screwed shut, she was taking it in, but it looked uncomfortable.  I touched her shoulder, made an adjustment, and grinned as her grimace turned to a smile, the cock sliding in easier.  Once she was all the way down, her eyes shot open.  

"Jesus....." was all she whispered.  James and I moved to either side of her to help her.  With James on one side and I on the other, we physically lifted her up Jen's cock.  I held her ass in my left hand, and under her knee in the other, and with James with the opposite side, we slid Jasmine up and down the biggest dick I had ever seen.  She began to scream and babble in some incoherent language, so I slowed down.

"FFfffaster....GOD!!!!"  

I smiled at James as we pogo'ed her up and down Jen's cock.  Her head lolled on her neck as she moved up and down, muttering to herself and gasping and moaning.  I think that she may have just been coming the whole time because when I adjusted her to accept the size, I also made her clit super sensitive.  Jasmine was in the midst of a continuous orgasm.

She pushed her legs down so we would release her, and slid down the length, catching her breath.  She looked at me and shook her head.  I made an adjustment to take her clit back to normal as she grabbed me by the base of my cock and moved it to her ass.  She leaned forward so I could get to her ass as she pulled James around to straddle Jen's face.  I slid the head into her ass with a rubbery pop and pushed all the way into her.  She was so relaxed that it was tight, but I met no resistance.  She pulled James down, so his ass was right above Jen's face and bent down to take his cock into her mouth.  The positioning allowed me to hold her hips in place so Jen and I could fuck her two holes, and allow James to get his ass licked and dick sucked all at the same time.

I began stroking slowly in and out of her ass, feeling Jen's monster cock on the other side of the wall of her anus.  I could feel every bump and ridge as I plunged into her bowels.  Her ass was nice and tight and I had a lot of staying power, so I took it slow and easy.

Jen on the other hand, had different ideas.  Her tongue was  driving James wild while her cock was sending Jasmine to the moon.  Even though James had just come, I knew he wouldn't last long.  I was proven right when Jen sped up her strokes, causing Jasmine to continually deep throat James's penis.  He came a minute later, falling over and shooting sperm all over Jasmine's face.  She tried to catch it all in her mouth and leaned down to swap tongues with Jennifer.  Jen and Jasmine moaned in unison as Jen's hands groped her large breasts.  Jasmine pushed her self up on Jen's muscular chest, mashing her globes together.   Jen pawed at her as Jasmine urged us on.

"God, fuck my holes, fuck my holes..NnnnnNNNNNNNNNNGod, I am so full of cock...That monster is going to ruin my pussy forever!!!  Fuck my ass Duncan, don't you stop buttfucking me!!....God Damn!"

Her hips were a blur as she was rammed in the ass and in the cunt at the same time.  James laid on his side, just taking in the view as Jasmine was pushed to higher heights.  Jen stopped playing with Jasmine's big tits and grabbed her hips from me, slamming her meat in and out of her cunt.  I felt the boiling sensation in my balls as Jen roared, "YYYYESSSSSSSSSSSSSS"

We came inside her, painting the inside of her orifices with come as Jasmine let out a high pitched scream, twisting her nipples and jamming herself down on to our cocks.  Our hips continued to move as we pumped our seed into Jasmine's body, finally stopping as our limp cocks slid out of her.  

She lay on the bed breathing heavily for several moment as we all caught our breath.  When her eyes opened she grinned at me.

"Next time I get to be the one with the dick, okay?"

We all laughed and fell back on the bed, exhausted.

-Geek Writer-
let me know what you think! geek_writer@yahoo.com

All my stories are here:
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/geekWriter/