Ever since I was 11, which is when I discovered masturbation, I've had a thing
for making myself cum where I might get caught. It started in summer camp. I
remember lying in bed, with my friends Janie and Rita in the cots on either side
of me, and I just started lightly moving my fingers over my panties while we
all whispered about the boys in camp. The lights were out, but they were just 
a foot or two away from me on either side. I pulled the sheet over me and
really started to get into it. I hadn't felt anything like that before! Once
I put my hand under my panties and found my clit, I was gone. I had heard 
other girls talking about masturbation, so I thought I knew what it was, and 
I had rubbed myself before but without much effect. This time, though, my body 
had woken up. Before I knew it, my hips were pumping against my hand, and I
was trying desperately not to make any sound. I was terrified of being 
caught, but it felt WAY too good to stop! 

I kept going and thankfully both Rita and Janie started laughing about 
something or other (I had stopped paying attention) when I came. And 
came. I practically did a sit-up with the force of the first contraction, 
and then it was all I could do not to gasp as I kept cumming and cumming.
I finally stopped myself, covered in sweat, and hoping I wasn't panting 
loud enough for them to hear me. I dropped off to sleep soon after that,
but the experience stayed with me. From then on, I would try to make 
myself cum whenever I could. I would race myself to see how fast I could
cum.  During a swim in the lake, I'd find a way to sit in the shallow 
water and sneak my hand into my suit. On the bus rides into town, I'd
sit in an empty seat and see if I could cum. When school started again,
I was even more obsessed. In the girls bathroom, if there were other
girls there, I would make a point of cumming at least once. I'd
go to football games and sit in the stands with my jacket over my
lap. I put my hands under, like I was cold, and see how many times I
could cum. I actually have a funny picture from junior high school
that was of a football game. It shows the players, and some of the
people in the stands behind them. I'm sitting there, in plain view, 
with my hands under my jacket in my lap. There's a bunch of cheering
people, and this one little girl, hunched over like she's cold.
I love that picture. :-)

I became really good at controlling myself, even though I have found
that the more you have to hold back, the stronger the pleasure becomes.
One of my favorite memories is of trying to make myself cum in the
of a minivan with 6 other girls on the way back from a soccer game. I
couldn't quite get myself there, but I was really close. I thought I
was going to go crazy when we pulled over to stop for dinner at a diner,
but it worked out when we all ran in and grabbed two booths next to
eachother. I was sitting at one end of one booth, in the corner, and
immediately put my sweatshirt over my lap and snuck my left hand under
it. The tables were high and close to the seats, so nobody but Joanne
sitting next to me would have been able to see anything anyway. It 
was really risky, but I was SO horny by then I couldn't stop myself.
I leaned forward into the table, and started playing with myself
again. Just gently stroking my clit through my panties while we all
talked and laughed about the game. I didn't mean to cum when I did,
but all of a sudden I felt myself pass the point where there's no way
to stop it. I pressed down hard on my clit, and felt the wave of 
pleasure rise up and over me. I know I gasped, but not so that anyone
thought anything, and then I sat there trying to keep a straight
face while my body spasmed away below the table. I'm sure I was turning
bright red, but nobody seemed to notice. I remember thinking "wow! I'm
doing this in front everyone, and they're all oblivious".
This got me even more turned on, and as the spasms started to subside
I started rubbing little circles around my clit again, which started
the waves coming back. I learned then that I'm multi-orgasmic, and
can sometimes keep an orgasm going for minutes and minutes. This hadn't
happened to me before, and I was really enjoying it. Each following 
spasm wasn't as overwhelming as the first one - just little bursts 
of pleasure and a quick contraction. I still had to remember not to
moan out loud and not to kick the girl across from me, but I kept 
myself twitching and shuddering at that table for probably 5 minutes 
or so. The last couple of spasms built up into stronger and stronger
ones, until I was afraid I really wouldn't be able to control myself.
My panties were soaking wet and my left hand was completely
sore when I finally stopped. When I got up to wipe myself off
and wash my hands, my legs were shaking. 

To this day, my best orgasms are when I'm playing with myself in front
of someone who doesn't know. And thinking about where I can do it next is
always a turn-on for me. So, now that it's 16 years later and I've got a 
job and my own apartment, I can indulge myself whenever I want.

First, I love to masturbate while on the phone. Anytime I know I'm
going to be on the phone for a while, like when buying plane tickets
or calling the bank, I have a vibrator handy. If the person on the
other hand has a has a sexy voice, it's a pretty sure bet that I'll
manage to cum once or twice while I'm talking to them. This is always
fun, because you can be as sexy as you want on your end. I wonder how
many people I've spoken to on the phone realize that I'm just as 
likely to be wearing nothing but rubber panties and a rubber bra
when I'm talking to them as I am to be in jeans! And how many would
picture me lying splayed on the bed, holding a massager on my clit
with one hand and the phone in the other while we talk! I absolutely 
love the challenge of having a body wrenching orgasm in the middle
of a conversation and trying desperately not to let on what's
happening.

My new favorite thing is to do this on work time. My company 
allows me to work at home two days per week, and I take advantage 
of that by having my various vibrating toys close to my computer. 
I will often sit at my desk, with a vibrating butterfly or scorpion 
strapped against me. I wear tight rubber shorts over the vibes 
to hold them in tight, and I love the smooth look and feel of
the rubber on my skin. There are certain people with whom I work
that I would love to sleep with, and whenever I know they're 
going to call me, I turn the vibe on and have fun knowing that 
I'm doing something so shocking while we're talking about work. 
These conversations are usually pretty short, just a quick
question or two, so I don't usually cum while talking to people
I work with. It's fun to think about, but I've always considered it
a bit too risky.

I love to wear the vibes when I go out, too. I'll sometimes put
a pair of jeans on over my rubber shorts, and wear a long sweater. I 
put the vibes remote control in my pocket, and because of the 
sweater nobody can see the wire or the bulge of the control. I move
the control knob through the fabric of my jeans, so I can turn the 
vibe without being overly conspicuous. I'll sometimes put my ben-wa 
balls inside me, too, when I go out like this. The rubber shorts 
are great because they keep everything tightly in place, and they
keep me from soaking through my jeans! And believe me, after being 
out in public like this for a while, I am soaking wet. Without the 
shorts, I would be a squishy mess and I'm sure my scent would
be very noticeable.

I have worn this outfit out to all sorts of places. I love to go 
shopping with the vibe on. I've cum in just about every aisle in my 
local supermarket, sitting in a crowd of people at the car wash, 
in line at the ATM. I love it when some young guy is staring at 
me in my tight jeans, sneaking glances at my crotch while I'm 
trying to keep my legs still. I love to see guys and girls looking
at me while I've got the vibe on. It's such a rush to be feeling 
that kind of stimulation while they're watching. When I'm close to 
cumming, it's hard to keep my hips from pumping into the vibe. I 
love to wear the vibe out to bars, because they're often dark and 
loud, so I can turn the vibe up high and rock my hips as much as 
I want. I've had some wonderful, shuddering, twitching, back arching 
orgasms in bars. There's nothing like being chatted up by some cute 
guy while you're on the verge of cumming. Or having a girlfriend 
come over and sit next to you just as you go over the edge and it's 
all you can do to keep from moaning and gasping with the pleasure of it.

Which brings me to last week, when I got my first wireless remote 
controlled vibrator. It's a butterfly like my regular one, but this 
one has a little keychain sized remote control and it only has one 
speed - high! Fortunately it's really quiet, so even on high it 
can't really be heard unless I'm in a very quiet room. Anyway, I 
had sent away for this butterfly and it arrived in the mail on 
Tuesday. I usually work at home Tuesdays and Fridays, so I was home 
when the mail came, but on this Tuesday I had a meeting in the 
afternoon at my office. 

The mail came just as I was leaving the house to run to the
meeting, but I got so excited when I saw the box that I had to 
run back in to see how it worked. I unpacked it and put the 
batteries in and was very happy at how quiet it was. It was also
pretty strong, especially with the new batteries, and just holding
it in my hand was enough to start my juices flowing. After
a second, I knew I had to wear it to work. Now, I've done
this before, but I'm always careful not to get too carried 
away. I've cum at my desk when nobody is in my office, and a 
couple of times in the cafeteria, but I don't like to risk getting 
caught when the stakes are so high. I couldn't resist *trying*
it though! Not with this new wireless control! I wouldn't have
to hide the wire or anything. It looked like a car remote, so
I could just put my house key on it and carry it in my hand, turning
it on and off at will. 

I quickly stripped and strapped the butterfly on. When I had it
adjusted the way I liked, I slid my rubber shorts on, and then
put on a pair of black jeans that I often wear to work. Since
this vibe didn't have a wire to the controls, I didn't worry about 
the long sweater. I took a quick look in the mirror to see if anything
showed, and there was a little bit of a bulge but I didn't think
anyone would notice. 

As I walked out to my car I started playint with the remote. I was 
wonderful to be able to buzz myself so casually. I was already soaking 
wet just thinking about the fun I would have with it. It was definitely
a strong vibe, and I found myself pumping my hips against it as
I started the car. I figured I should savor the feelings, so I left
it off as I drove. It only took ten minutes to get to work, but I
was dying to turn it on again when I arrived. So, I gave myself a 
treat on the way to my office. I had it on for the walk across the
parking lot, and across the lobby (saying hi to 4 people!), and was
getting pretty close to cumming when I reached the elevator. I
hit the button a couple of times and was trying not to pump my hips
back and forth while I waited for it to arrive. I knew if I turned
it off now, I'd go crazy so I wanted to cum and get it over with.

Thankfully, the elevator emptied out when it arrived and I could
fell myself starting to cum as I quickly walked into it and hit
the "Door Close" button.  I doubled over with the first spasm, and 
I leaned against the wall, bucking my hips and grunting softly with 
each contraction. I was only going up 6 floors, and as I felt 
the elevator slow I turned the remote off and straightened up. I had 
just regained my composure when the door opened and I stepped onto
my floor. I waved hello to a couple of people as I walked by, trying
to keep my legs from shaking they way they do after a really strong
orgasm. This new butterfly was a little thicker than my old one,
and the combination of my tight jeans and the rubber shorts were pressing 
it tightly against my clit. I was still sensitive from just having cum
so hard, and as I walked the stimulation was taking me back to the edge.
I started to worry I wouldn't make it to my office without having 
another orgasm, this time in the hallway. There were a lot of people
around, too, and the mix of risk and pleasure was intoxicating. I
imagined myself cumming, my legs collapsing under me, ending up lying 
on the floor in the hall, shuddering uncontrollably with everyone 
running to see what had happened. My fear of getting caught was rising, 
but so was my orgasm.

I made it my office and walked around to the back of my desk. I leaned
heavily on it, wanting to finish the orgasm that was so so close. I
looked up and saw that nobody was nearby. I still had the remote
control in my hand, and thought I'd give myself a quick buzz to push 
myself over the edge. Within a few seconds of turning it on, it
hit me. I came hard, again, still leaning on my desk, and looked 
up quickly to see Lisa and Tom, two of my coworkers, walking down 
the hallway toward my office. They weren't looking at me, but I knew 
they were coming to get me for the meeting. I looked down again just
as quickly, pretending to be looking at the papers on my desk. Knowing
that they could see me, standing here in the office, while I 
was having a gut wrenching orgasm was incredible. I spasmed again and
again, holding myself as steady as I could. 

My orgasm finally started tapering off, but then turned into a stream 
of little orgasms, those little bursts of pleasure and quick contractions 
that happen sometimes when I'm really turned on. I had a few seconds 
left before they reached me, so I left the butterfly on for just a little
longer to enjoy the feelings.

I was just at the point of turning it off when Susan, our admin, walked 
in. She startled me and I fumbled with the control, dropping it under
my desk before I could turn it off. 

"Do you have a minute to go over this schedule before we go to the
meeting?"

"Uh... sure." Another tiny orgasm rocked through me. I had to look
down to make sure I wasn't pumping my hips against the desk. Another
orgasm, slightly stronger built up and washed over me. And of course,
Tom and Lisa had arrived and were waiting for me outside the door.
Sue walked around to the side of the desk to show me the schedule she
had just printed. Thank god my chair was between us, or she would
have come right up next to me. 

God! Another orgasm shuddered through me. I stared at the page she
was holding up. She was looking at it, too, fortunately. 

"Uuhhm!", I breathed out as it passed.

Shit! Did I just gasp? No, she didn't look up. 

"Those look... uh! mm... like what we talked about." 

I was trying desperately to keep my voice steady and my hips from 
moving. I noticed I was standing stiff legged and tried to look 
more relaxed. Another spasm, stronger. Then another.  

"Yea..(unh!)... It looks fine." 

"Ok, I'll go make copies. Meeting starts in 5 minutes."

Unh! Oh my god, I didn't know how long I could hold on. Another spasm,
and I know I shuddered visibly. 

"Lisa, Tom - you go ahead, I'll meet you... (gah!) in a minute." 

They were coming faster now, each one rippling up my midsection. I 
could barely keep myself still, the waves of pleasure were dancing
over me and I just wanted to let myself go with them. 

As they turned and walked away, I ducked down and picked up the remote, 
then collapsed onto my knees with the next set of contractions. I 
savored them, knowing I would fantasize about what had just happened 
for the rest of my life. 

I finally turned off the butterfly and let my hips buck against 
the last of the fading spasms. I was shaking all over.

Whew.

I was a few minutes late to the meeting, but I think it went well.




