Having tasted the dark, sensual delights of her own body, being with Tarrant, with the man she believes can make her feel such wonders again, and yet not permitting herself to touch him more than casually is a torture she had not thought to expect. Her confidence steadies her even as her appetite for More urges her to toss aside her good intentions and freely offered promises (and, oh, they had been so easy to offer with her body relaxed and warm from her pleasure and the hot bath). Walking beside him through the castle corridors fills her with both pride (he is the Right Man For Her, she knows it!) and temptation (there is a well-concealed nook just around the corner and she can easily imagine nudging him into it and then delving into his mouth for a taste of him). 

She shivers and Tarrant asks if she would like his jacket. 

Alice shakes her head, mute. Oh, dear Underland! If she were surrounded by his warm, earthy, male scent she would not be able to stop herself! 

And yet, despite the sweet, breath-stealing torment of being in his presence, being away from him is even harder. Even if it is only for a few minutes as they both pass through their Rooms on their way to the cobblestoned hall that leads to their garden. The journey has grown shorter and more direct for Alice. Now she steps into a pleasant foyer, carefully inspects the bottoms of her slippers, hoists her basket of plant patterns, and shifts the satchel containing her muck-about boots and sun hat on her shoulder before entering her Room. 

The first thing she notices – the most recent addition – is a large, four-poster bed. Yes, bed-activities have become part of her life now. Or rather, they will become part of her life very soon. She has accepted that and is anticipating it. Her room, while dark in color is not so in tone and atmosphere. Windows – haphazardly placed – let in warm sunlight. The worn spots on the green velvet chair have healed since her last visit. Even the top hat sitting on the seat of the chair seems in better condition. 

These changes might have commanded her attention and a full investigation last week, but now she wants nothing more than to see Tarrant. Even if she cannot have him how she wishes, she can still have him with her and she will take that liberty as often as possible! 

He waits for her in the hall. Alice skips across the stepping stones that had popped into existence a few days ago, hovering over the chasm that sets her door apart from the rest of the corridor. (At first she had been very leery of floating rocks – even helpfully-placed ones! – but after a bit of poking and prodding and a reminder from Tarrant ( “It ’ s only impossible if you believe it is!” ) and then a logical argument ( “Why else would stepping stone be there if they aren ’ t meant to be stepped on?”) Alice had chosen to put her faith in these rocks and use them.) 

Tarrant reaches for her hand as she comes to a stop next to him. 

“You said there was something you wanted to show me to-day?” she inquires, unable to hide or restrain her blatant curiosity. 

He giggles. “Yes, my dear. There is something I would like you to see.” Despite the giggle, Tarrant ’ s shoulders hold an air of nervous energy. She squeezes his arm reassuringly, and he smiles down at her. 

“But not until after lunch,” he adds as she comforts him, causing Alice to gasp and take a step back. His grin grows wider. 

“You ’ re teasing me!” Alice accuses. 

He is unrepentant. “Indeed I am. But may I make a suggestion before we set off, my dear wife?” 

“I am all ears,” she states. 

“Now whom is teasing whom?” Tarrant answers back, snorting with mirth. “You are a great many more parts than just ears...” 

With a steady stream of cheerful chatter, (in which he described every part of her body, and just what he appreciates about it, with a decidedly naughty gleam in his eye; this does not help her Resolution to keep to her Promise at all, but she enjoys his list-making too much to ask him to stop—although he does pause briefly to offer the Suggestion he ’ d asked if she would take before, “Pack a comfortable pair of shoes, hmm?”) he directs Alice down the hall and through the Door to their Garden. 

Perhaps he wants to show her a new pattern for the Garden that he is particularly excited about? But no, if that were it, why would he make her wait until after lunch to see it? Maybe a new needle? Tarrant had complained just yesterday that his needle had been getting dull... but that would not be something that requires footwear! (At least, she doesn ’ t think so.) 

Despite racking her brain and asking what she ’d thought had been carefully probing questions, Tarrant keeps his silence on the matter of what he wishes to show her, and nudges their Thread of Conversation along other paths instead. Finally, Alice ’ s Curiosity will not be contained a single moment longer! 

“Husband!” she fairly screeches in frustration, interrupting his current Topic (something about a device that Catches Dreams—something she would normally be very interested in!) by throwing down her current pattern (and just why had she selected the very ambitious Lady ’ s Mantle when her concentration is on anything and everything except the evenness of her stitches?) and sloshing over to him in her muck-boots. 

“Yes, my wife?” Tarrant says, blinking and looking up at her, his large eyes portraying the epitome of innocence. If not for the devilish smirk lingering on the edge of his lips, she would think he actually is innocent. But the smirk is there; she knows better. 

“Will you please cease with this divagating and show me what it was you promised me to-day?” 

He tilts his head to one side, considering. The corners of his eyes crinkle, and he nods. “Aye, I suppose now ’ tis as good as any a time for a wee bit of a break.” Holding out his hand for assistance, Alice obliges, hauling him to his feet with one good tug. “Shall we?” he queries. 

Waiting just long enough to gather up their picnic basket (Tarrant) and change footwear (Alice), they soon set off at a sedate pace. Alice enjoys the chance to hold onto his arm, but is positively maddened when he still refuses to say anything about their destination. She asks a rapid volley of new questions, but Tarrant says little, and instead smiles wider and shakes his head. 

Her questions dry up and trail off altogether when, instead of taking the path to the left towards their Heart Rooms, like she had expected, though, they go towards the right. 

“You ’ re not going to tell me until we get there, are you?” 

“Patience, Alice,” he replies. 

They walk in silence after that, with Tarrant gently nudging Alice to change their direction occasionally, until finally, he breaks the quiet with a murmured: 

“I used to paint in these woods, you know.” 

Alice turns, looks around. They seem like ordinary woods to her; nothing about them sets them apart from any other stretch of land that she has seen in Underland. What would the Hatter find here that he had wanted to preserve on canvas? Is this what he wanted to show her? It seems... rather anticlimatic. 

“Really?” she asks. 

“Watch your step.” Tarrant guides her over a tree root and around a large, bulbous mushroom, his large feet in his battered shoes unerringly keeping their footing over the uneven ground. She’s glad that for this particular excursion her husband had not deemed muck-about boots to be a necessity; despite how much she speaks to them, they remain baneful footwear for her. 

Nodding to a clearing just ahead of them, he directs, “Just over here.” 

Indeed, when they arrive, an easel is still set up; a faded canvas with a half-complete painting rests on its slats, and the pots below that had once held various colors of pigment are full of murky water that only hints at the shades they ’ d been. Rain and Wind had not been kind to this piece of Tarrant’s past. 

“What was it?” Alice gestures to the painting. “Or, what was it going to be?” 

“A house,” Tarrant says, softly. “My house.” He points across the river, and there, on the opposing cliff, the abandoned framework of a small cottage sits. “Or what would have been my house.” 

“Why did you…” The answer to the question Alice had been about to ask is suddenly very clear to her, and she trails off, unwilling to finish such a thoughtless query. Tarrant, though, simply smiles sadly at her and nods. 

“Stop?” he asks. “I simply… drifted away from this particular daydream, you see.” His green eyes travel away from her and back across the river, where they jump from the rotted split rail fence, to the overgrown shrubbery, and to the incomplete house frame. The pile of lumber beside the frame is gray, the boards bowed and curling. 

“As I mentioned before, I was very ambitious in my youth. Before I was so heavily involved in my trade, while I was still a restless apprentice, uncertain if my chosen profession would suit—” He pauses to smile at the look of surprise that must have splashed itself across her face. “Yes, even I, who am singularly devoted to my trade, had Doubts at first.” He clears his throat and continues, “I would come here and paint my house. As my confidence in both my talent and suitability with haberdashery grew, I started coming to this place less and less in favor of time spent in the workshop.” He clears his throat. “Eventually I stopped coming altogether. I ’ d thought, just before the war, to perhaps start again, but, well...As you can see, I never finished the painting, so the house was never complete. I suppose it could be argued that some part of me did not see the point having a grand house without having anyone to share it with.” He looks at her bashfully. 

“Are you telling me that here, in Underland, an individual paints their house on canvas and then their actual house just… appears?” Alice asks. It’s possible that she’s misunderstood what he’s been saying, but she doesn’t think so. After all, if one can Sew a garden into existence, why wouldn ’ t one also be able to Paint a house? 

“Well, not everyone,” Tarrant concedes. “Some do choose to employ carpenters, but my Clan has… had … always been a bit more interested in relying on building our places using our own Imaginations rather than the imaginations of others.” 

Alice ponders this in silence for a few moments. She reaches out, touches the faded canvas, squints, but still can not clearly See what Tarrant had planned for this space all those years ago. 

“What did you imagine this looking like? Your house?” Now that she is aware that the scene on the canvas depicts a house, she keeps trying to reassemble the rain-battered image in her mind, but she can not reconcile the simple frame across the river with the seemingly fully-fleshed building with a roof and doors hinted at on the canvas. The details of the house have been washed away by the same rain water that sits in the former pots of paint, but she can tell the two images—the one in Reality and the one on Canvas—do not match. 

Still, she can imagine Tarrant right here, (as her imagination always seems to enjoy cooperating when it comes to her husband) glasses on, (she’s not sure why the youthful Tarrant in her musing is wearing frames, but she accepts it and moves forward) squinting in concentration as he dabs bits of color onto the canvas. She licks her lips. 

“Twas not going to be anything fancy,” he says. “A thatched roof, plaster walls… perhaps shutters on the windows… there was to be a garden round back, and a small pen for the chickens…” Tarrant glances over at her, shy. “Would you… like to go over there? To see it, I mean?” 

“How?” Alice asks. “It’s across the river, which looks too deep to cross.” 

“We’ll use the door.” 

Alice bites her tongue to keep from asking What door and places her hand in Tarrant’s. 

“Show me?” she asks.