Locked Out
by yellowjacket66

Nude wife needs neighbor's help to get in the house.

Kim and Sean were walking their dog and were just about home when they met their neighbor, Sam on the sidewalk. They exchanged greetings and talked for a minute, although Kim was strangely quiet.

As they were parting, Sam said "It's always nice to see you, Kim." He chuckled and gave her a friendly hug.

"What was that about?" Sean asked. Kim had been subdued that evening.

"I'll tell you later." She said.

Later that night, after the kids were in bed, Kim started to tell the story.

"Something happened today and I'm so embarrassed. I don't know if I can face Sam again."

"What happened?" Sean asked.

She told him: "I was getting some sun today. You want me to sunbathe nude, so that's what I was doing. I was all set up outside and came back in the house wearing the robe that I usually wear outside. I came in the house and made sure the doors were locked. The kids were going to be home from school in a couple of hours and I didn't want anyone to walk in on me. I went to the bathroom and had taken off my robe while I did. Without thinking, I went back outside without putting my robe back on."

"After a while in the sun, I got up to get another drink but found that I had locked the door. I tried the side doors, but they were locked too. All I had was a small towel to cover me."

"I didn't know what to do. The kids would be home soon and they had a key, but I didn't want them to find their mother nude in the back yard. I looked around for I don't know what. The people behind us weren't home. I started to panic. I was over in the side yard when I heard some noise next door. I hoped that Angela was home so I shouted. But the voice that answered was Sam. I tried to talk to him through the fence to see if he could help without having to see me. I explained that I had locked myself out, but I didn't tell him I was naked. He said, 'Let me help you get back in. Maybe we can find a window that is open." I was almost panicking and saw no other way to get back in the house. He came over and saw me with just the towel. I had to explain that I was sunbathing and had locked myself out."

"He chuckled and said he had seen me doing that once when her was working on his gutters. We started to go around the house checking on the windows. I tried to check a few until my towel fell off and Sam saw me nude. He got a good look. He hesitated a bit before he gave the towel back to me so he got a good look at my tits and pussy."

"We finally found one of our bedroom windows that was unlocked. It was up high and we could barely reach it. Sam got it open, but he couldn't get high enough to get in. He asked about a ladder, but ours was locked in the garage. The only thing we could think of, and he thought of it, was for him to boost me up so I could get in the window. I couldn't do it with the towel. I put my foot in his locked hands and he boosted me up so I could get my arms and shoulders over the window sill and then crawl in. From the time I put my foot into his hands he could see my pussy. When he got me up to the sill, he was looking right up from below."

"Wow." Sean said. Then he asked, "So, you got in the window then?"

Kim continued, "No, not yet; and it got even worse. I slipped and almost fell. Sam caught me with his hands. One hand was on the back of my thigh, but the other one slipped right into my crotch. He pushed me back up and I was trying to get in the window so I lifted my leg to get in over the sill. Now I was spread wide open and he could see my entire cunt. He was looking right up at me. I'm sure he could see my asshole and everything. Well, I was stuck there for three seconds or so. Sam had to boost me more and the only place he could get to was the top of my thigh, right next to my ass. Finally, I got over the sill and went into the house."

"I put on my bathrobe and opened the back door to thank Sam. He was smiling sheepishly and said "Any time." I thought what the heck and pulled open my robe, flashing him. Then I closed the door and he left."

"I'm so embarrassed. Nobody has had a view of my crotch like that except for you and a few doctors. How can I ever face him? He saw everything I have. My pussy was wide open and he could see up inside me."

Sean said, "Look, Sam is a nice guy. He's a friend and he has a sense of humor. He'll probably never say a thing, but he'll never forget it either."

Then Sean said, "By the way, there is a spare house key in the shed."
