Life In Hokulani
by JustAGuy64

A guy moves to lives with his girlfriend.

Life In Hokulani Ch. 01

Derik sat in the airport on a hot July Thursday morning in L.A. waiting for his flight. He was nervous, and rightfully so. He was moving to live with his girlfriend of six months. He knew six months was a pretty short amount of time to be moving in with her, but it felt right. It's not like he was leaving anything behind anyway. He'd been in foster care until he turned eighteen, after which he got a job and moved out.

As they started pre-boarding, a young woman who couldn't have been older than nineteen sat down next to him. She was wearing a navy blue crop top, jean booty shorts, and flip flops. She turned to him and said, "Whew, got here just in time. what are you headed to Hokulani for?"

"I'm moving there to live with my girlfriend," he answered honestly. He didn't think there was any reason to lie to her since he'd likely never see her again after the flight.

"Aww, that's sweet. I'm going to have a couple weeks of awesome sex," she admitted.

He wasn't surprised, most people who went to Hokulani went for the sex. Hokulani was a small island nation about the size of Kawaii. It was actually pretty similar to Hawaii, both in climate, and culture. The main thing that differentiated them from Hawaii, and everywhere else, was how open they were sexually. Casual sex was expected, even encouraged. This meant a lot of people looking for a few weeks of non-committal sex vacationed there.

Derik responded to her statement, "I hope sex isn't the only thing you plan on doing. The place looks beautiful, and I'm sure there's a lot of stuff to do there."

"I'll probably do some hiking while I'm there. I hear the views from the mountains are stunning," she replied. The lady at the desk announced that they were starting the boarding process. Derik had managed to get into boarding group one, so he said goodbye to the girl and got in line. He showed his boarding pass, as well as his proof of vaccination to the lady at the desk. You had to get a vaccine that protected you from a bunch of STD's before you could go to the island

He was towards the front of the plane, which he was glad for. Being in the back was something he never liked, but then again, who did? He found his seat, pulled out his books, and put his backpack into the overhead compartment. The trip was gonna be nearly six hours long, so he needed something to keep him occupied. He was supposed to sit in the middle seat, but the couple in the other seats offered him the window seat so they could sit together. He happily took the seat, looking forward to the six hours of flight time ahead of him.

The ride was pretty uneventful, as most flights tend to be. He only had a quarter of the first book to go when the pilot announced the would be landing shortly. Derick was in the bathroom when they announced it, so he rushed back to his seat. He took this time to look out the window to see if he could spot their destination. He could just barely see it as a dot in the distance. As they descended, it got closer, until he was able to see it in all it's beauty.

Hokulani was about a hundred and fifty miles north of Hawaii, so it shared a lot of natural features with the state. It was a beautifully lush landscape, with tall mountains, green valleys, and plenty of sandy beaches. The ocean stretched out as far as the eye could see in any direction. He could see a couple towns dotting the landscape, with the largest one, Malihini, being on the southern end of the island. It was where the main airport was located.

As they were taxiing towards the gate, the flight attendant came on the pa and announced, "Alright everyone, we have landed. We ask that you stay seated until we reach the gate and the seatbelt light turns off. Now that we are officially in Hokulani, feel free to take off all clothes except bottom coverings, and tops on minors, as those are required by law. Thank you for flying air Hokulani, and we hope you enjoy your stay."

Derick wasn't very confident when it came to his body, so he left his clothes on. As he looked around he saw some other people doing the same. He made sure to text his girlfriend to let her know he'd landed. He made his way off the plane and started to head towards the baggage claim. As he walked, he wondered if he'd see the girl from before the flight again. If he did, he made a note to introduce himself, as neither of them had when they met.

As Derik went down the long hallway, he saw all the attractive people showing themselves off, and got a bit self conscious. He wasn't that attractive, so he thought anyway. He was five foot eleven and was a bit chubby. He wasn't fat, but he definitely had a few pounds to lose. He had short black hair, blue eyes, and generic facial features. He liked to keep his face clean shaven, as he felt facial hair didn't suit him. Something he was proud of was his eight inch dick. He may not have been the most attractive guy, but he did have that going for him.

As he approached the escalator that would take him down to where he needed to go, he heard an all too familiar voice shout for him, "Derik, over here!". He smiled when he spotted Healani, his girlfriend. She was five one, with black hair, green eyes, and a nice tan. She was of Polynesian decent, as the native people were directly related to Hawaiians. She had curves in all the right places, with nice round c cups, a small waist, and hips that gave her a perfect hourglass figure. Her tits sagged, but only enough to show they were natural. She also had a nice, round ass, which was wrapped in a pair of grey Calvin Klein panties. The panties didn't do a good job of hiding her cameltoe

He approached her and wrapped her up in a hug, "Aloha babe, how're you?" he asked, remembering to use the Hawaiian greeting Hokulani natives used.

She hugged him back, "Aloha, I'm so happy you're finally here."

"Me too, I can't believe I get to live here," he stated.

She frowned when she realized he was still clothed, "Why are you still in your clothes?"

"Oh uh, I guess I just forgot to take them off when we landed," he lied.

He wasn't very convincing, as she put her hands on his shoulders, looked him in the eyes, and told him, "Babe, we talked about this. You are just as attractive as everyone else in Hokulani."

"Really? Cause I see a lot of people who put me to shame," he said.

She turned him around, lifted his shirt, looked past him to a petite blonde, and asked, "Hey, would you fuck this guy?"

The blonde took one look at Derik and responded, "Yeah, why are you even asking?" as if it should have been obvious.

That reaction shocked Derik. He turned back to Healani, and after thinking for a few seconds, took off his shirt entirely. She smiled and kissed him, "That's a start, but I'll get you in just underwear soon enough."

"Hopefully, I should go get my suitcase," he said, kissing her back. They waited for his bag, picked it up, and made their way to the parking lot. They made the relatively short walk to her car, a 2012 Corolla, and he put his suitcase in the trunk. Once they were in, they started the journey to the place Derik would soon call home.

The trip to Healani's hometown, Honu Bay, took about forty five minutes. When they got there, Derik was treated to the sight of a beautiful bay with marinas and beaches. The town itself wasn't all that big, it only had a population of five thousand people, but it was nice. Much like Rio De Janeiro, it's main street hugged the bay. It was a very popular town for tourists due to it's scenic views, nice weather, and its proximity to the ocean.

It took only fifteen minutes to get to Healani's apartment once they got off the freeway. Her place was pretty nice for what it is. It was a two bedroom, one bathroom apartment that had a balcony with an ocean view. Derik had suggested they stay in her old one bedroom, but she wanted him to have his own game room. It even had a washer and dry installed, which Derik appreciated, since his last apartment didn't have those. He put his suitcase in her bedroom, and they went out for lunch.

Healani took him to a burger place for lunch. Seeing all the gorgeous people around him made his self esteem drop a bit. The people at the airport had been attractive enough, but seeing all the sexy locals made him feel inferior. They ordered their food, then found a spot to sit. When they found one Healani asked him, "So how've you been? Besides the trip."

"Pretty good, packing was pretty easy since I sold or gave away most of my stuff," Derik responded.

"Did you keep your pop figure collection?" she asked, knowing how much her cared for it.

"Of course, they should be here," he checked the progress of the packages on his phone, "by Tuesday."

"That's good, did you bring your Xbox with you?"

"And my Switch, The Xbox is in my suitcase."

"Nice, we'll have to connect all your devices when we get back home," she mentioned.

"Yeah, I need a car so I can get to work," he mused. He had managed to land a job at a tire shop about ten minutes from the apartment. He started work on Monday

"Well yeah, but you don't have to worry about that right now. You just got here, take a couple days to relax and get settled," she stated.

He looked at her and smiled, "You're right, let's have some fun." The two finished their meals, then went back to the apartment.

Once they stepped inside, Healani took off her panties, leaving her completely naked. Derik also took off his clothes, letting his flaccid six inch cock free. She looked at him with an amused smirk, "So you'll get naked that easy for me, but you won't take off your shirt on a plane?"

"I know you find me attractive. it's random strangers I'm nervous around," he muttered. They had face chatted several times naked, so they both knew each others bodies pretty well.

"Ah, well don't worry, you'll get comfortable soon enough. No one keeps their clothes long here," she stated flirtatiously.

"Is that a challenge?" he said jokingly.

"No, it's a promise," she replied, pressing herself against him. The look in her eyes and the way she was biting her lip told him she wanted to fuck. He wasn't gonna say no to that.

He bent over and kissed her, his hands wrapping around her waist. She returned the kiss, putting her hands on his ass. They made out for a bit, their kisses becoming more passionate as they went on. After a few minutes of this she pulled away and went over to the balcony door. She looked at him and asked, "Wanna try some exhibitionism?"

"Maybe some other time. Right now I just wanna have some good old fashioned sex," he admitted, still pretty self conscious.

She gave him a caring smile as she put her hand on his cheek, "It's okay, we have our whole lives to be adventurous," she told him.

She took his hand and guided him to the master bedroom. It was nicely sized, with plenty of room for all her stuff. In the middle of the back wall was a king sized bed with a pretty basic wooden frame. To the right of that was her night table, and on the wall to the right was a window that held a similar view to the balcony. On the left wall was the closet, which was partially full of shoe boxes, but was mostly empty. Across from the bed was a dresser with a tv on it. Derik was surprised to see a dresser in the room. He figured there would be no need for one.

She went over to the bed and laid down on her back. He went and laid next to her, placing a hand on her stomach. He moved his hand up slowly until he reached the bottom of her breasts. Once there, he moved it up the side, teasingly close to it, but not quite touching it. It then went up her collar bone, up her neck, and to the side of her face. He moved himself so he was over her on his hands and knees and looked into her eyes. He could see the fire in her eyes and knew it was time to stop teasing her.

By this point his cock had hardened to it's full eight inches. He lined it up with her puffy lips and slowly inserted the tip in. She hummed in pleasure when she felt him enter her, pleasantly surprised by how he was stretching her. He kept sliding in until he felt his hips meet hers. He loved the feeling of her wet, velvety insides wrapped around his dick. They both looked at each other, taking in the sight of the other in this state. He looked her in the eyes as he started slowly pulling out, keeping his head inside her. Then he thrust into her just as gently.

He started to build up a rhythm, moving in and out at a slow, gentle pace. She purred sensually whenever he went in, arching her back slightly when he bottomed out. She wrapped her arms around his neck as he started moving faster, just enough to start making her perky tits bounce a little. He bent his head down and took one of her brown nipples into his mouth. She gasped and arched her back, relishing the feeling of his tongue flicking, rubbing, and swirling around the perky nub.

Derik started thrusting faster, the bed rocking with the force. The slap of their hips audible, as well as their moans. They could both feel it, the building pressure, the coming surge of pleasure as their orgasms neared. He picked up the pace one last time, going at her savagely. She wrapped her legs around his waist as he went, eager to feel his hot seed in her pussy. Soon enough it came, the crescendo of bliss, as they both came. He grunted loudly as he shot his load into her. She moaned loudly as she felt his cum surge into her. Their bliss seemed to last an eternity, but in actuality, the orgasms had only lasted a minute.

He pulled out once he started softening and laid down beside her. They both breathed heavily as the looked each other in the eyes. As she looked at him, Healani smiled and said, "Well, that wasn't quite what I was expecting, but it was amazing nonetheless."

He smirked as he asked her teasingly, "Oh? And what were you expecting?"

"Honestly I was expecting you to just go at it. I didn't expect you to be so...sensual about it," she admitted.

"I wasn't sure if you wanted that, so I figured I better play it safe," he stated.

"Oh yeah, I like it when a guy just goes at me. It feels a lot better, and I like seeing a man go kinda wild for me," she replied.

He kissed her and told her, "I'll keep that in mind. We should probably get cleaned up shouldn't we?"

"Yeah, let's go shower. I can feel your cum starting to leak out," she said. With that the two went and took a nice, long shower.

Derik and Healani woke up the next morning, and as they ate breakfast, Derik took some time to look for a used car. There were a few good deals, a 94' Cadillac Fleetwood for three grand, and an 05' Corolla for four looked promising. What ultimately caught his eye was a 1993 Honda Civic SI hatchback. It was only four and half thousand dollars, which made sense. It had a hundred and thirty thousand miles on it, as well as a few paint imperfections. There was some minor body rust on the rear bumper, but it looked fixable. He contacted the owner, and they agreed to meet at half past two.

The two spent most of the morning playing Smash Bros. At around noon they decided to go to the gym. Healani slipped into a blue thong and matching fitness shoes. Derik put on a white tank top, some jean shorts and black Vans. Healani looked at him with a smile, "Ready to go?"

"As ready as I'll ever be," he admitted.

She gave him a hug as she told him, "Don't worry babe, you'll be fine."

"You realize I've never been to a gym right?" he asked.

"How in twenty years have you never been to one?" she asked incredulously.

"I never felt the need to go, and no one ever bothered taking me. The most exercise I've gotten was in gym class," he stated.

"Why didn't you go? Memberships are super cheap dude," she said nonchalantly.

"Maybe here, back in the states the average gym membership costs fifty bucks a month," he answered.

Her jaw dropped when she heard that, "My god, why is it so expensive?"

"Cause it's seen as a luxury to go to the gym. How much does yours cost?" he inquired.

"A hundred and twenty dollars a year, and I get to bring a friend with me," she told him.

"What? That's amazing!" he replied.

"Alright, to the gym!" she exclaimed.

"To the gym!" he repeated and they went to the car.

The gym they went to was as nice as the gyms in the U.S., which amazed Derik even more. Since it was his first time, he stuck to easy, low energy exercises like walking on the treadmill, and lunges. Healani stuck with him to give him encouragement and support. She could've done her usual routine, but she thought him seeing her do it might discourage him from coming back. That and she enjoyed spending the time with him. They did this for about an hour before deciding to shower, change, and head home. Derik left the gym a little more confident than he had been.

When they got to the apartment Derik texted the John, the guy selling the Civic, to see if they could still come over. He said yes and they left after dropping off their gym bags. The trip was going to take about an hour, so Healani put on the radio and they jammed out to some pop music. Derik found himself admiring the way she seemed to not care about people seeing her body. Her tits were out and bouncing as she danced in her seat, and she had not a care in the world. He hoped he could be that confident someday.

They made it to John's place a few minutes late. Traffic had been surprisingly heavy coming into town. John showed Derik the Civic, and he fell in love. It was Milano red with four lug spoon wheels. The paint needed a bit of touching up, but it was in pretty good condition for a nearly thirty year old paintjob. Like John said, there was no frame rust, which was good since Derik couldn't fix that. Derik took it for a quick test drive with John and decided he had to have it. He paid with cash and made the hour long trip home following Healani.

They made it back home at around a quarter to five, both of them getting naked as soon as they were inside. Derik went to look into fixing the bumper while Healani made dinner. He figured out pretty quickly that it would be best to wait until he could repaint the bumper at least, if not the whole car. He finished his research and headed to the kitchen to see what the amazing smell coming from it was. He slipped behind Healani, placed his head on her shoulder, and asked, "Whatcha makin?"

"My family's Lau lau recipe. I think you'll like it," she responded. She turned her had to give him a kiss.

Derik accepted it and inquired, "What is Lau lau?"

"It's meat, fish, and a bit of fat for flavor, with sea salt sprinkled on it, and wrapped in taro leaves. It's traditional Hawaiian food," she explained.

"Hopefully it tastes as good as it smells," he remarked.

"It's so good, it's also ready, so let's get everything set," she responded. They set the table, got their food and drinks, and sat down to eat.

Healani watched as Derik took his first bite. He took the time to get the full taste of it before he swallowed it. He then proceeded to start devouring it. Healani chuckled and started eating hers. They ate in silence as Derik was too busy eating to chat. Once he was done he leaned back in his chair and patted his stomach, "Oh, that was so good."

Healani chuckled again, "I'm glad you liked it. So what do you feel like doing tonight?"

"I don't know, you have any ideas?" he inquired.

"Wanna watch Netflix?" she offered.

"Sure, let's get all this cleaned up first," He said. They did the dishes, put the left overs away, and watched Soul Eater until they went to bed.

Derik woke up before Healani Saturday morning. He got up and went to the kitchen naked. After grabbing a bagel and coffee he looked over to the balcony. It was big enough for about three to four adults to stand on, and it had an amazing view of the ocean. He started to head back to the bedroom to put on some underwear, but stopped himself. I could go out there naked. What if I get spotted though? Is the risk worth it? He sighed as he thought to himself, Only one way to find out, and went out onto it buck naked.

The cool morning air greeted him when he stepped outside. He put his coffee and bagel on the little table that was there and took in the view. It was a mix of city skyline on either side, and beautiful ocean in front. He took his time eating, slowly coming to enjoy the feel of being naked outside. He was so lost in thought he didn't notice the balcony door open and close. He did notice when Healani stepped next to him and greeted him, "Morning, enjoying the view?"

"How could I not?" he answered.

"It is a great view, but so is the view of your ass," she sais as he groped his ass.

He groped her ass in kind, "I thought I'd give being out naked a shot. Turns out it's pretty nice."

"Good, I'm glad to see I'm already rubbing off on you," they kissed and enjoyed the view as they finished their bagels and coffee.

They decided to go to the store at around eleven to get their grocery shopping done. Derik made a mental note not to grab his usual treats. He had decided before moving here that he would start eating healthy, as well as exercising. It was pretty hard for him not to add any junk food to the list, but he was determined to eat healthy. After the shopping list was made they played some Mario Kart for a few hours on the Switch.

Before they left Healani slipped on a black thong and flip fops. Derik wore some jean shorts and his Vans. They took Healani's Corolla to the store since it had more room. Derik took in the scenery as they drove along. It was very different from his hometown of Scottsdale. It was a lot more colorful and vibrant. Even the architecture was a lot more appealing, being a somehow successful blend of traditional Polynesian and American buildings. It was much more appealing than the bland, cookie cutter suburbs he grew up in.

They made it to the grocery store at a quarter to eleven. Derik was quite shocked when they entered the building. Everywhere he looked, people of all shapes, sizes, and ages were nearly naked. Except for minors, they had their torsos covered as well. If that wasn't enough to shock Derik, seeing people casually groping each others bodies was. He was startled out of his stupor by Healani snapping her fingers in front of his face, "Hello, earth to Derik, anyone there?"

He shook the shock out of his head, "Yeah, sorry, kinda got overwhelmed by...all this," he made a sweeping gesture.

"Yeah, it can be pretty shocking to foreigners, but you'll get used to it," she stated as she grabbed a cart.

He jumped a bit when an attractive middle aged brunette grabbed his ass. She chuckled at his dumbfounded expression as she walked away. He watched her as she went and muttered, "I don't think I could ever get used to stuff like that."

As they went through the store grabbing things, both he and Healani got groped a lot. Healani took it in stride, returning every caress she received. It took Derik a bit longer to build up the confidence to touch someone back. He finally took his shot when a tall, lithe, white girl squeezed his crotch as she grabbed some bread nearby. He returned the gesture by caressing her ass, which got him a smirk and a wink. He had to give his heart a minute to calm down afterwards, but he was more excited than scared. Healani was glad to see him adapting to the culture, even if it was only a small step.

They got their shopping done pretty quickly and started making their way to the car. The feeling of that girls ass was still on Derik's mind, he couldn't believe he'd done it. He also felt guilty about it now that the thrill had worn off. As they were walking he said, "Babe, I'm sorry about what happened back there."

She looked at him quizzically, "About what? The fact that you touched a girls ass?"

"Yes, I shouldn't have done it. I just, saw everyone else do it, so I thought I'd try it," he admitted. Healani laughed, which confused him, "How is that funny?"

"Babe, you don't have to apologize. I'm actually proud of you for doing it," she explained.

"Seriously, you're okay with me touching other girls like that?" he questioned, not fully believing her. Getting past his monogamous thinking was harder than he thought.

She gave him caring smile as she assured him, "Yes, I am. Babe, you can touch, and fuck, any girl you want, and I would still love you." She gave him a kiss to emphasize her point.

He returned the kiss tentatively, "You're really not mad?"

"Nope, in fact, I'll be disappointed if I don't see you playing grabass with other girls," she squeezed his ass, then got in the car. Derik smiled as he got into the car as well. Maybe I can get used to this, he thought as they pulled out of the parking lot to go back home.

