                                      The Bouncer
                                     By Lust 4 Life

Story of a bouncer working at a strip club / brothel in some by gone era when prostitution 
was legal and before birth control. M/F.

Intro

I love my job, not sure how I got so lucky. I am security, a bouncer, at one of our local 
mens clubs (strip club / whore house). That means I get to watch the women performing 
for the audience, dancing, stripping, tantalizing the men (and myself), flaunting their 
bodies, then soliciting the men for sex and taking them to one of the back rooms for sex. 
And of course I get to enjoy the women myself, at least one per day. And sometimes I get 
to watch them with their customers, screwing them, mating.

On a typical evening I take care of payment for the private entertainment and provide 
security to ensure the safety of the ladies. My standard position is at the entrance from the 
public dance / performance area to the private entertainment rooms in the back. From this 
position I can watch the women dancing on stage then mingling with the men soliciting 
them for a private session in back. Once a woman has enticed a client, she leads him to 
me where I collect the money and log it to her account. Of course I drift back among the 
private rooms periodically to ensure everyone is having a good time and the women are 
safe. The private rooms consist of little more than a small cubicle with a mattress, a 
curtain for a door, and one other discrete window, so I can unobtrusively check on the 
activities. And of course I collect my payment for my services from the women, 
sometimes in the early evening (first in with a nice fresh pussy), sometimes near the end 
of the evening for sloppy seconds, thirds, fourths, whatever.

Usually the women perform one at a time, each dancing out on stage in their gauzy 
outfits, performing a slow strip as they belly dance around, and then once naked, 
continuing to dance, dancing to the edge of the stage, flaunting themselves for the men. 
But sometimes two of the ladies will dance together. Once naked they may rub their tits 
together while dancing or rub asses. One woman may cup the other womans breasts, 
showing them off for the men.

Once a woman has completed her dance routine, she gathers her discarded clothes, and 
wiggling her ass, prances backstage where she puts on something which barely covers her 
but is still revealing, hiding just enough to entice. Then as the next woman dances, the 
first woman circulates among the men trying to interest them in a session between her 
legs in a back room. She may rub her breasts against the man, or sit in his lap and squirm 
about, or drop a hand into his crotch, while letting his hands explore her body. Once she 
interests a man and he agrees to the price, she leads him to me. Once he has paid me and 
Ive logged it to her account, she leads the man into the back looking for an empty room. 
On the way, they can usually hear, and sometime glimpse other couples in various stages 
of having sex.

Once in the room, typically she will lead, stripping and encouraging the man to do 
likewise. She may sponge him off, depending on how clean he appears  or not. Details 
vary according to the woman and any preferences the man indicates, but a normal session 
begins with the woman playing with herself while dancing naked for him, maybe asking 
questions like, Do you like?, Do I turn you on? Am I sexy?, Do you want to fuck 
me? Oh, I am all wet for you, I want to feel you in me. All that dancing turns me on. I 
need a nice hard cock. Soon she will have the man laying naked on the bed while she 
goes down on him, sucking his cock, licking his balls to get him hard. Then she fucks 
him. Position of course is based on the mans preference, missionary, doggy, cowgirl, or 
some combination. I sometimes watch discretely through the curtain or window, perhaps 
seeing the woman with her legs in the air, the mans ass rising and falling between her 
legs. Or she is on her hands and knees as the man fucks her from behind. Of course the 
woman encourages him, Come on baby, fuck me with that hard cock! Oh you are so 
hard, I love it. Oh give me your sperm! Shoot it in me! It is a real turn on for me, 
knowing that each time one of the women takes a mans cock inside her, lets him shoot 
his sperm inside her, she might be getting pregnant, each load of sperm could be the one 
to knock her up.

Eventually the man gasps, groaning in pleasure as he cums in her. If I am watching, it 
turns me on seeing him pushing into her, groaning, and knowing that he is shooting his 
sperm into her right then, that it is shooting from the end of his cock, splashing on her 
cervix. When he is done he pulls out, dresses and leaves. I make sure I am back at my 
position at the entrance when he comes out, usually smiling in satisfaction. Once the man 
is gone, the woman will clean herself as well as she can (inside and out), straighten the 
room for the next couple, gather her clothes, and head back out to get back in the dance 
queue, starting the process again.

Of course with multiple men emptying their balls in their cunts, shooting loads of live 
sperm into them every day, no matter how diligent they are about cleaning after servicing 
a client, or even trying to avoid their most fertile times, it is usually not too long before 
the women are pregnant. They continue working until they begin to show, at which point 
most of the men loose interest. This means we usually have a number of pregnant women 
in the house. A small share of each womans pay for servicing their clients goes into a 
pool for the pregnant women. In turn, they take care of things such as cleaning, making 
sure there are fresh supplies for the active women to clean their clients beforehand and 
themselves afterwards. And the ones who are pregnant help care for the babies of those 
who have returned to work.

Payment

We have different types of women to appeal to the different tastes of our clientele: 
different races as well as different sizes and shapes ranging from short to tall, thin to 
voluptuous. I frankly love them all: each has a different feel in how we fit together. I like 
watching them dance for the men, the different ways they show off their bodies. Each 
body type turns me on in a different way. The thin, lithe ones can usually pull their legs 
out and back more, turning their pussies up and giving me wonderful, deep penetration. It 
is great to watch the bubble butt girls shaking those large round asses as they dance, and 
then sliding into them from behind, fucking them, feeling my crotch banging against that 
luscious ass, watching it shake as I fuck her. The voluptuous ones tend to have nice, big 
floppy breasts that I love to play with. I love the feeling of their soft bodies pressed 
against me as I fuck them.

I typically select a girl for my entertainment early in the evening. At this point there are 
few customers and most of the girls are just hanging out. When I first arrive, I check in 
with the boss to see if there are any issues I need to be aware of, any discipline problems, 
maintenance items I need to get someone on, new girls to watch, etc. Then I check in 
with the girls, see how they are doing, make sure they ready for the evening. If there is a 
new woman working I will make sure she is up to speed on how things work. I usually let 
a new woman work a few days before I try her out for myself.

Once I have finished the early evening routine, I decide on a woman for my 
entertainment. Depending on my mood and what she is doing, I may simply walk up 
behind her and starting grinding my crotch against her ass as I reach around and fondle 
her breasts, or I may call her over to me to come sit on my lap while I run my hands over 
her before leading her into the back. Or I may just take her hand and lead her to the back.

We both strip. Sometimes I ask the woman to put on a little show for me, dancing naked, 
playing with herself, but usually I just lay down and let her get to work on me with her 
mouth, sucking my dick, licking my balls while I play with her breasts, or if she is 
positioned properly, her pussy. The feeling of her warm wet mouth sliding up and down 
my cock as her tongue drags along it and the feeling of her fingers running over my balls 
soon has my penis rising to attention, swelling into a rigid hard-on, ready to fuck her hot 
pussy and shoot my sperm into her.

Once I am fully hard and ready, it is time to fuck. I usually prefer missionary position: I 
like the feel of her breasts pressing against my chest, especially if they are large, and I 
like kissing while fucking. She will get on her back, spreading her legs wide for me, 
exposing her vagina to me. I rub the head of my cock along her slit, spreading her lips, 
lubricating myself in her juices, before starting to slide in. I often wonder, Will I knock 
her up? Will my load of cum, be the one to fertilize her womb? And then I start to push 
in, sliding into her, stretching her cunt with my hard cock until I feel my pubic bone grind 
against hers.

I start fucking her, sliding in and out, feeling her vagina gripping me. I may lean down 
and kiss her, probing her mouth with my tongue, feeling her breasts pressed against my 
chest, or I may sit up, fondling her breasts with my hands while looking down, watching 
my dick sliding in and out of her pussy. I may talk to her, Ah, your pussy feels so good. 
Feel my balls banging against your ass. Oh, I want to cum in you, fill you with my 
sperm. We fuck, the sound of sex filling the room, the squish-squelch of my cock 
driving into her pussy, the slap of our bodies, gasps and groans from each of us. 
Sometimes she cums, or at least fakes it. Of course as part of their performance they are 
to at least pretend they are really into it, enjoying it, getting off on the guy fucking them. 
And they do the same for me. I have talked to them at other times (when we are not 
fucking) and of course different women are different. For some women it is mostly a job 
and their excitement is mostly acting, while for others, it is enjoyable and they do in fact 
often get off with their clients. Of course there are always men who are not exciting when 
even the women who enjoy sex the most have to fake it, but I have a good idea of which 
ones are probably genuinely enjoying their sessions with me and which ones are more 
likely just acting. But either way, I enjoy it.

Inevitably I can feel my orgasm approaching, feel the sperm gathering at the base of my 
cock, feel the sensations building. I can picture the head of my penis sliding in her vagina, 
pointed at her cervix, can feel how deeply embedded in her I am, ready to shoot my 
semen into her. She can tell by my rhythm that I am getting close and will urge me on, 
Come on, give it to me. Cum in me. Give me your load, I want to feel it inside. I may 
look her in the eyes, Oh, Im about to cum in you. Get ready  At this point I am 
thrusting furiously into her. My cock feels full, like a ripe seed pod about to burst, 
releasing my seed inside her. I am right on the edge, knowing I am going to cum no 
matter what, even if I stop, but trying to hold out in delicious torture, get one more stroke 
in before cumming. And then my cock jerks, I feel the zip of the first jet of cum shooting 
through my cock and into her. Ah-h-h! I cry and push hard into her, making little 
thrusting motions keeping the head up against her cervix as my cock begins throbbing 
wildly, pumping burst after burst of my sperm into her waiting pussy. She is holding me 
tight as I shudder through my orgasm, planting my seed in her.

Finally I relax, collapsing on her, breathing hard as she continues to hold me, stroke me. I 
make sure to lay there, my softening cock still twitching, but buried deep inside her, 
plugging her vagina and holding my semen inside her, giving at least some of my sperm 
time to swim through her cervix and on into her womb. I know she wants me out quickly 
so she can go douche and get my sperm out of her, but I lay there holding it in her for 
several minutes before with a satisfied sign I roll off of her and let her start cleaning up.

