A CURE FOR KLEPTOMANIA

BY MAX SMART

Part 7

Wherein Jenny tries on a new bra and discovers a new use for
clothespins.

"Hmmm," answered Nancy, "your breasts DO seem to be quite
sensitive. That's good. How about your nipples?"

"No! Nancy, please, they're tooOwwwww!"

It was too late, Nancy administered a wicked pinch to the nipple
of the same breast.

"My goodness, Jenny," observed Nancy, "your nipples are very
sensitive too! I think I'm going to enjoy our little session this
evening."

Nancy went to the wall to retrieve a special item she had in mind
for Jenny. It was her own invention, made with a little help from
me and from Dave. It consisted of two thin leather cuffs,
fastenable with velcro and connected by a wooden bar about six
inches long.

She put one strap around the base of the right boob and pulled it
quite tight before connecting the velcro pieces. This had the
marvelous effect of causing the breast, which was already very
firm, to stand out from Jenny's chest and to assume the shape and
approximate size of a honeydew melon. Jenny squealed in protest,
drawing a laugh from the rest of us.

"It's a new type of wonderbra, Jenny." announced Nancy to her
horrified victim, "Look at the wonderful uplift and outpush' it
gives you." Meanwhile she fitted up the other breast in the same
way, much to Jenny's dismay.

"Hmm, this really firms' you up, doesn't it, Jenny? Look how
tight the skin is, hmm" and Nancy "thumped" the surface of the
right breast, just as if it were a melon in the produce section.
"Yes, QUITE firm."

The globes still had a touch of hang to them - they weren't
perfectly at attention. But Nancy had a solution for this. She
brought out two longer straps, with clips at both ends, and
attached one strap to the top of the cuff on each breast. She
threaded these straps over Jenny's shoulders and let them hand
down her back. Then she pulled out one more strap. This one had a
clip on one end and a ring on the other. It also could be
adjusted for length. She attached the ends of each of the
over-the-shoulder straps to the ring, and then attached the clip
on the end of the adjustable strap to the back of Jenny's
g-string.

The straps were slack at this point, so this arrangement as yet
had very little effect. Now however, Nancy shortened the back
strap until a dual effect was achieved. The boobs were pulled
upward until they were REALLY at attention, and the fabric of
Jenny's g-string was also pulled upward, effectively giving her a
"wedgie". From the front the effect was to outline the plump
pussy quite revealingly. It must have been a bit uncomfortable,
as was attested to by Jenny's little squeal when the strap was
shortened.

The situation now was that Jenny's boobs were being held up by
her crotch. Do you think this might be a new fashion? The boobs
were also held apart by the bar. Thus all surfaces were readily
available for whatever attentions Nancy might want to give them.

Now Nancy returned from the wall with an implement that we have
already gained familiarity with - the plastic fly-swatter. She
brandished it in front of her frightened victim.

"Remember the pink belly', Jenny? How about pink boobies'?
Huh? What do you think of that?"

"N-no! Please! They're very sensitive. You'll hurt me too much!"

"You must be feeling a lot of guilt about all the things you
stole. Well I'm going to help you get it off your chest'. Ha,
ha!"

Nancy wasted no time. Splat! "Owww!" Splat! "Owww!" Splat!
"Owwwwwww!"

Three quick, sharp blows attacked the top of the left breast. The
melon' bounced up and down with each blow and a red flush
quickly appeared on the delicate skin. The stinging pain made the
yelling Jenny's feet come up and she found herself swinging by
her wrists, trying to reconnect her feet and the floor.

Nancy continued to smack the same area of skin, her strategy was
apparently to cause a buildup of pain in one small area at a
time. It seemed to be effective, because Jenny became almost
hysterical before Nancy finally paused after about ten strokes.
The push-up bra' that Jenny was wearing produced a great degree
of firmness in the targeted organ, thus the strokes were received
with resilience and pop'. The rapid bouncing of the spherical
mass of flesh was an amusing sidelight to the proceedings.

Jenny begged piteously between sobs for Nancy to stop.
Unfortunately for her, her pleas were in vain.

Nancy resumed her work. Still working on the same breast, she now
delivered a series of sharp smacks to the outer side surface.
These seemed to be just as unpleasant as the others had been for
poor Jenny, and the skin rapidly became reddened as Jenny yelled
out on each stroke. This time the force of the blows cause the
breast globe to bounce into its neighbor, in spite of the
artificial distance between them imposed by the separating bar.
Again Jenny lost her footing and dangled amusingly from the
straps above her, her distorted boobs wobbling.

Nancy waited patiently for Jenny to find her footing again. Now
she began a series of smacks to the underside of the same breast.
The effect was amusing to us as it was painful and embarrassing
to Jenny. However, Nancy seemed troubled.

"I can't swing as well from this angle. Will you help me, Timmy?"

Timmy seemed to know what Nancy had in mind. He got up from his
chair and approached the sorrowful Jenny.

"No! Don't let him touch me! It's not decent!" as Timmy's hand
approached Jenny's left tit.

He grabbed the nipple of the breast under attention and pulled
upward, bringing the undersurface into easier view and access,
and drawing a gasp from Jenny.

"That's much better! Thank you, Timmy!" said Nancy, "See, Jenny?
I can get a better swing this way. Look how nice and white the
skin isfor the moment."

Nancy resumed her smacking with more impact this time and poor
Jenny could only yell and moan and cry, both of which she did
with great enthusiasm. Since the unfortunate breast was now
pushed back up against her upper chest and shoulder, it wasn't
able to "roll with the punches" like it had been doing
previously. This added another level to the discomfort that Jenny
was experiencing, as well as producing a more satisfying solidity
to the smacking sounds that we were all enjoying.

Actually, the strap around the base of poor Jenny's breast caused
it to be so firm that it tended to bounce off her chest with each
swat, like a volleyball, producing a challenge for Timmy to hang
on to the nipple/handle. In fact one particularly lusty swat made
it bounce right out of his grip. When he recovered the nipple
again, he gripped it much harder than before, drawing an agonized
yelp from our lovely culprit.

Nancy is a very thorough and methodical girl. She made sure that
every inch of Jenny's bulbous left breast was thoroughly reddened
and thoroughly stinging and throbbing. She wasn't dissuaded in
the least by Jenny's pitiful pleading and crying and yelping and
squealing. In fact, it seemed music to her ears, helping to
concentrate on doing a good job.

Actually, she didn't cover ALL of the surface of the lovely
melon. She carefully avoided smacking the nipple or the aureole.
Very curious! Was she being merciful? I suspected otherwise.

Nancy asked, in an obviously insincere tone of concern, "Well,
how is the little boobie, Jenny? Is it a bit sore?" as she
playfully patted and pinched the skin, drawing yelps and squeaks
from the unfortunate teenager.

Nancy then turned her attention to Jenny's as yet still pale
white right breast. In the same fashion she slowly turned it a
bright red, again getting help from Timmy on gaining better
access to the undersurface. Nancy was just as methodical as
before and it took another five minutes before she was satisfied,
five minutes that must have seemed like an hour to poor Jenny,
who yelled with each blow to punctuate her continuous sobbing and
moaning. Occasionally, for variety, she would beg for mercy or
promise fervently that she would never, EVER, steal again.

Again Nancy carefully avoided the nipple area. Jenny was again on
the verge of hysterics before Nancy decided she was finished, at
least with this stage.

Nancy paused, gazing in a pleased manner on the reddened globes
bobbing before her. The only sound was Jenny's more or less
continuous weeping and moaning over the fate of her beloved
breasts, the red tops of which now glistened with her tears, and
which must have been causing her considerable pain. I had to
admit that they WERE being treated rather rudely. However, what
Jenny probably DIDN'T realize was that this was just stage one.

"Feeling a bit more repentant now, Jenny?" asked Nancy with a
cruel smile.

"Y-Yes" came the hesitant answer.

"Good, good! Well, let's see. Do you think you've had enough for
today?"

"Ohhhh y-y-ess! P-please, Nancy! I'll ALWAYS be good, from now
on."

"Hmmm. Well, as much as I'd LIKE to spare your tender little
breasties any more suffering, I'm afraid we have to continue, in
order to make SURE that you're never bad again."

"Ohhh, No! No! No more! They're SO sore already. I couldn'tI
just COULDN'T stand anymore!!" Jenny babbled desperately.

"Tell me, Jenny dear, are your nipples even MORE sensitive than
the parts I've BEEN paddling?"

"M-my n-n-n-?"

"That's NIPPLES, Jenny." said and helpful Nancy.

From the look of surprise and horror on her face, it appeared
that Jenny had perhaps entertained the hope that her nipples were
to be spared. After all, Nancy HAD been avoiding them, and surely
NO ONE would be cruel enough to smack THEM, since they were so
sensitive and delicate and all.

Nancy continued, "Yes, I was wondering just how sensitive they
were. I think I'd like to find out, and anyway, it doesn't look
right. With the rest of your titties so red, your nipples should
be a bit darker, don't you think?"

"Nancy, n-n-o, you wouldn't"

Smack! "Yeowwwww!" Nancy dealt the nipple of the left breast a
sharp smack with the fly swatter. The fleshy mound compressed and
rebounded admirably.

Smack! "Agggggh!!" The same nipple, but this time Jenny attempted
to push Nancy away from her with her feet. It was fairly
ineffectual, but it was also insubordinate.

Nancy was miffed, "Ah, ah! Jenny! That's going to add up to some
hefty demerits! Dad, Timmy, would you tie her feet for me,
please?"

Dave and Timmy quickly secured Jenny's feet to the floor, where
she was left still balancing on the ball's of those same feet.

Nancy dealt the poor nipple three more harsh smacks, drawing
agonized yells with each one. Gradually the color of the nipple
and surrounding area was getting darker.

"How is it, Jenny? Getting a bit sore?" Nancy smirked as she
playfully whisked the tip of the fly swatter up and down across
the darkening nub, bringing winces of pain with each whisk.

Smack! Another hefty stroke, but it missed its mark, hitting the
breast just below the aureole. The reason was that Timmy had
mischievously sneaked behind Jenny and pulled on the strap for
the left boob at the precise moment, as if it were a puppet on a
string. It was quite amusing, even to Nancy, although Jenny
seemed horribly embarrassed as Timmy continued to make both boobs
flop up and down in a mad rhythm.

"Very funny, Timmy!" observed Nancy, "Now please give it a rest,
OK?"

Timmy reclaimed his seat and Nancy continued to belabor the now
dark and swollen nipple, paying little or no attention to Jenny's
pitiful yells and yelps and sobs which gradually increased in
intensity as Nancy sent stroke after stroke smacking into that
most sensitive area. Each stroke produced a very satisfying
smacking sound and a bouncing rebound of the fettered breast. The
pain seemed to be becoming almost more than poor Jenny could bear
just when Nancy stopped.

"Ohhh! It hurrrrts! Oh! Oh!" Jenny continued to moan, writhe, and
sob.

Observing with pride the results of her handiwork, Nancy said,
"Well, that certainly is an improvement. Don't you think so,
Jenny? Look how much nicer your nipple goes with the rest of your
titty now that it's a much darker color."

Indeed, the nipple and surrounding area were almost purple now,
and looked very fetching. However, Jenny seemed unable to produce
a coherent answer to Nancy's question, which was admittedly
rhetorical.

Nancy continued, "Now, lets see about this OTHER nipple"

This woke Jenny up a bit. "No! Please, no more! No more! I'll do
anything if you'll please stop! I can't s-stand it!" shaking her
head in anticipation of more stinging, throbbing pain.

"But, Jenny, you wouldn't want me to leave things in such an
unbalanced state, would you? I wouldn't feel like I had done a
good job, and after all, this IS for your own good, you know."
Nancy taunted, meanwhile giving threatening pats to the right
nipple with the dreaded fly swatter.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Three swift, crisp, sharp blows rained down
on the surprised and defenseless nipple. Jenny screamed and threw
her head back in sudden pain.

Remorselessly, Nancy dealt out the full measure of punishment to
Jenny's sensitive but oh so prominent right nipple. Jenny jerked,
writhed, screamed and wept, and her boobs bounced wildly in all
directions, much to our enjoyment. It was all to no avail - the
smacking continued.

When Nancy finally stopped the poor right nipple looked much like
its neighbor - swollen, raw, and tending toward the purple. Jenny
was in quite a bit of pain but was nevertheless very obviously
relieved now that a very sensitive part of her body was no longer
under direct attack. Perhaps she thought that we were through for
the evening.

Nancy seemed concerned, "Gosh, Jenny, you seem to be feeling
uncomfortable. Do your titties hurt?"

"Ohhh yes! Oh they hurt SO much!" Jenny answered although she
really seemed barely conscious of her surroundings.

"Here, let's set them free." Nancy said as she undid the velcro
on the straps that were so cruelly constricting Jenny's breasts.
The lovely mounds flowed back to their normal, beautiful shapes,
the only difference now being the coloring. Jenny moaned as she
felt the blood rushing back into mistreated tissues.

Nancy removed the rest of the now pointless straps and then
retrieved a box from a shelf. It was full of clothespins. Jenny
became more alert as she saw Nancy set this box down on a little
table next to her.

"What are youwhat are those f-for?" sniffed Jenny in a fearful
voice.

"Well, Jenny, dear, these are clothespins with especially
powerful springs. Why don't you guess what they're for?" Nancy
smiled cruelly, holding up one of the menacing devices and
opening and closing it in front of Jenny's terrified eyes.

Another slightly unusual thing about the pin that Nancy was
holding was that it had been fitted with a small metal ring on
one of the gripping ends. In fact all of the pins had been thus
altered. Please be patient, dear reader, and I will fill you in
on the purpose for these rings at the proper time.

Nancy asked Timmy, "Will you help me again, brother dear?" and
Timmy eagerly rose from his seat to be of assistance. I took this
opportunity, since I was sitting next to Dave, to reach into his
nearest pants pocket and start toying with his erect penis. He
seemed very appreciative!

Without further delay, Nancy attached the clothespin to the top
of Jenny's left breast, right up against her chest bone. It
seemed to be fairly painful, and Jenny gasped and sighed, trying
to contain the sensations it was providing her.

Before she had figured out how to endure the first one, a second
had been attached, again up against her chest, but at about 1:30.
Jenny started whimpering just as Nancy briskly clipped on the
third, at about 3:00. She continued in this fashion, making a
circle of the base of the sensitive, aching boob. Timmy help by
lifting it up by the nipple when Nancy was attaching pins to the
under surface.

"Ohh! They're hurting me! Ohhh! Ow! Ow! Please, take them off!"
Jenny kept begging and crying, each new clothespin adding a
slightly higher pitch to her voice.

When a full circle of pins had been established, Nancy began a
second circle, about an inch out from the first one, and she
attached these pins exactly the same, at 0 degrees, 45 degrees,
90 degrees, etc. The poor breast was beginning to look very
amusing, like a bristly porcupine. One interesting effect of this
system was that as the circles got closer to the nipple area, the
circumferences became smaller, while the same number of pins went
into each round trip. Thus the pins got closer together the
closer they got to the ultra sensitive aureole. The last ring of
pins clipped the edges of the aureole and seemed almost
excruciating to poor Jenny.

Nancy and Timmy toyed with Jenny a bit by "ruffling" the
clothespins that were already biting so cruelly into her tender
flesh. This made her cry out in a high pitched voice, "Owwwwwww!
Ow! Ow! Stop!" and throw her head back in pain. Nancy and Timmy
giggled excitedly as they continued tormenting their victim.
Timmy got some especially loud responses by taking one of the
pins closest to the nipple and giving it some sharp tweaks. I was
so happy to see Timmy and Nancy getting along so well.

For the aureole, Nancy pulled out a plastic bag that contained
smaller clothespins made of plastic. These were truly nasty
little items. They were, if anything, more powerful in their
gripping abilities than the regular sized ones. After teasing
poor Jenny for a few moments, holding one of the little clips
open over a threatened fold of sensitive reddish brown flesh,
Nancy finally allowed the pin to bite down with full force. Jenny
seemed about ready to pull her straps out of their foundations,
and her scream of agony was truly something to hear. At first she
writhed jerked her body, causing both breasts to bounce around,
but she soon realized that this caused her even more pain, and
she managed to slow herself down a bit.

It took just a couple of minutes to put two concentric rings of
the very unfriendly little critters on the center part of Jenny's
poor left breast, but it must have seemed a lot longer to her.
Each new pin was fresh torment, yet more "unbearable" pain and
humiliation for the pretty young teenager. And through her pain,
she must have been aware of the ultimate destination that Nancy
was heading for - the nipple itself. The present pain must have
been equaled by the fear of the even greater pain that these
nasty little devices could cause when attached to that sensitive
bud.

However, the little clothespins weren't destined for Jenny's
lovely nipple. Instead, Nancy pulled out one of the regular sized
ones that had had its grip strengthened through clever use of
rubber bands. Remember, these were especially strong springs to
begin with. Nancy seemed have to really squeeze hard to open it.
As soon as she had, she happily attached it to the sensitive
morsel of Jenny's nipple.

Jenny gasped and squealed and begged as she felt the greed pin
biting down on that very sensitive spot. The clip was so strong
that her nipple was almost completely flattened, and she seemed
to be in tremendous pain. Jenny moaned and cried and rolled her
head.

"Would you like me to take them off, Jenny?"

"Please! Please take them off!"

"Well, it's good to know what you want - that's a first step. And
you WILL get your wish, Jenny, dear, but not just yet. First we
have to do the other little boobie!" Nancy answered with a cruel
laugh and a wink to the rest of us.

"No! Please no! I'll be good! I'll d-do anything."

Nancy paused a second, with a clothespin poised to bite greedily
into Jenny's luscious right breast.

"Anything?" she asked.

Jenny seemed taken aback by that question, and couldn't answer.

"Well, we'll explore THAT avenue later." Said Nancy, "Meanwhile"

She attached the first pin and Jenny squealed wonderfully.

Things went pretty much the same with the second tit as they did
with the first, and while it might be boring to describe it, it
was nevertheless a wonderful few minutes to watch and listen, as
Jenny responded just as enthusiastically as before. There were a
few pauses for Timmy and Nancy to do some "ruffling" of the
already attached clothespins, on both breasts, but remorselessly
the second breast gradually grew its own set of bristles,
including the marvelously sensitive and now very sore right
aureole and with another extra strength pin for the nipple, and.
Jenny was beside herself with pain and embarrassment, but we all
thought she looked quite fetching.

We took a brief break and I passed around refreshments to my
family members. I even gave Jenny a few sips of wine, to help
bolster her flagging spirits. She seemed a bit depressed, poor
thing, and really in quite a bit of discomfort. I took care to
give the clip on her left nipple a little twist after she sipped
her wine, and was rewarded with a strangled gurgle.

As anyone knows who has spent much time disciplining young girls,
the breasts provide excellent ways of inducing humiliation and
pain - which is, of course, the whole point. One rather enjoyable
diversion, enjoyed greatly by men I'm sure, and which is quite
humiliating but not terribly painful, is to require the culprit
to cause her own breasts to bounce or swing about. This can be
especially effective and rewarding when the girl in question is
blessed with such large tits as Jenny possesses and is a very shy
and modest girl such as Jenny is.

Like many of your readers, I prefer disciplines which are both
humiliating AND painful. Well what could be more painful than a
poor girl whose breasts are already covered with very painful
pinching devices being forced to bounce them up and down and
swing them round and round? This is exactly what we did with poor
Jenny, and the results were highly entertaining.

At first she refused, but it only took one tap from the judicial
cane on her g-string covered cunt to convince her to obey. I took
note of this since it implied an exquisitely sensitive pussy if
she would prefer to cause her breasts a great deal more pain from
her own actions rather than risk even the lightest of attacks on
her female organ.

Thus we were treated to some wonderful sights and sounds as we
enjoyed our snacks. We made Jenny flop her breasts up and down,
and then swing them around in circles, first clockwise then
counter-clockwise. The sight of those huge boobs covered with
clothespins swinging and bouncing every which way was definitely
not to be missed, and added to this were the yelps and squeals
and moans and wails of pain and mortification as the already
rudely biting clothespins and wreaked even more havoc on those
tender organs. At one point in mid-swing, one of the clothespins
from the undersurface of the right breast was pulled loose and
fell to the floor. Jenny announced this with a surprised and
agonized series of yells, "Aggggh! Oh! Oh! Owwwww!" Obviously,
this hurt quite a bit.

If you readers would like to test this out, try attaching an
ordinary spring type clothespin to some fleshy part that isn't
especially sensitive. For instance, your belly, perhaps, but
definitely NOT a nipple! You'll most likely notice that the pin
causes a bit of pain, but that it's nothing you can't bear. Now
try yanking the clothespin off, without opening it. Hurts,
doesn't it? Imagine if it had been on your breast and if it had
been an extra strength pin, such as Jenny's were. Poor girl!

Dave, ever the gallant, made quick to retrieve the pin and to
carefully replace it, and he clearly enjoyed the process quite a
bit, feasting his tactile senses on Jenny's wonderful breast and
his visual senses on Jenny's horrified and pain-filled eyes. He
couldn't resist a little tweak on the clip that was so rudely
attached to her nipple, drawing an amusing yelp from our victim.

Nancy was finished with her snack and ready for more action. She
walked up to Jenny, and, in a tone of fake concern, said, "Those
must be hurting quite a bit, huh, Jenny?", ruffling the
clothespins on both breasts.

"Ow! Owwww! Yes, they REALLY hurt BAD! Please PLEASE take them
off!"

"Ok, Jenny, dear, we'll take them off. And this is how we'll do
it."

From the bottom of the box that the clothespins came in, Nancy
pulled out a long string with clip hooks attached, one every six
inches or so. She picked the hook at one end of the string and
clipped it onto the ring on the clothespin that was the last one
she attached - the extra tight one on Jenny's right nipple.

"W-what are you, OW!, doing? Ouch!" Jenny grimaced in pain with
each jostle of the cruel pins. She watched the interesting
proceedings with fear in her lovely dark eyes.

One by one all of the pins on Jenny's right breast were attached
to a hook on the string. Again Timmy came to Nancy's aid for the
clothespins UNDERNEATH Jenny's breast, only this time he held the
breast up by the clothespin attached to poor, aching nipple.
Getting a new string, Jenny performed the same operation on
Jenny's left breast, starting with the nipple and working down to
the base.

Nancy stepped back a few feet with the ends of both strings in
her hand. Each string extended from her hand to a clothespin on
the top of and at the base of its respective reddened breast.
Playfully she tugged lightly on both, drawing a whimper of pain
and fear from Jenny, who most likely had a pretty good idea of
what was coming.

Now Nancy began to pull steadily on the string attached to the
left breast, at first lightly, and then with gradually increasing
strength, causing the first clothespin to pull painfully on the
breast skin, stretching a fold of it rudely.

Jenny moaned with the mounting pain, and begged, "Oh, Nancy.
Please, don't! Please, don't."

