The New Rules
By SuperEvil

Chapter 27

Abbie ran and ran, not even sure where she was going. She ran all the way out of the lunchroom and even outside of the school building. She just let her legs carry her where they may, in her emotional state, which ended up being to the back of the school, near the track field.

She still was having trouble understanding why Blake had yelled at her in front of everyone in the lunchroom. She realized it wasn't just being laughed at while naked that upset her, but being scorned for it too. The problem was that what she had said to Blake was true. She was now sure that she enjoyed being nude, no matter what he or anyone else might think of her for it. If Blake couldn't understand that, then maybe they were not meant to be together, and that realization broke Abbie’s heart.

She wanted to be alone after what had happened. She spotted the baseball diamond, deciding under the bleachers would be a good place to hide. No longer sobbing, but with tears still running down her cheeks, she took refuge underneath the metallic structure. Once she was sure she was hidden, she took a few deep breaths, attempting to regain her composure.

"Abbie?"

"Huh?" Abbie spun around, startled, looking into the shadowy darkness of the underside of the bleachers. Letting her eyes adjust, she could see it was Vanessa sitting there, all alone. "Oh hey. Sorry. I didn't mean to intrude."

"Abbie, what's wrong? Why are you crying?" The punk chick asked with concern.

Abbie let out a deep sigh. "I think I just broke up with my boyfriend."

"Really? Why?"

"It's a long story. Basically it seems he doesn't like it if I get naked on my own."

"What an ass! Who could ever be upset at you for being naked?" Vanessa's face grimaced, remembering how she had teased Abbie just that morning for the very same thing.

Abbie laughed at her course language, having to agree with her assessment of Blake. "Thanks for the laugh. I'll let you get back to... Doing whatever you were doing."

"No, don't go. I could use the company." Vanessa said. "I wasn't really doing anything besides eating my lunch alone anyway." She held up her bag of chips. "Want some?"

"Thanks." Abbie came over and took a couple. "God, this is always going to be a problem, isn't it? There's always going to be someone causing problems for me because of my nudity." A few small tears leaked from Abbie's eyes.

"Screw what other people think! Do what you wanna do!" Vanessa implored. "If you wanna be naked, then be naked! What's it to anybody else?"

"I wish it were that easy."

"How is it not? You spent 45 minutes naked in math class this morning! So confident and relaxed too! You hardly reacted at all when I tried to make fun of you."

"That's true. It still bothered me a little, you know."

"I know. And I'm really sorry about that. I told you why I did it anyway. I wish I could be half as confident about how I look, as you seem to be about yourself."

Abbie blushed and smiled at the compliment. "Thanks, but I don't know if that's how I really feel. It's just kind of a face I put on."

"Well fake it till you make it!" Vanessa said with a smile. "You just got done telling me you like being naked."

"Yeah, that's true." Abbie nodded her head.

"So then, just do it! Get undressed and join me for lunch."

Abbie's eyes opened a little wider in response. "Here? Now?"

"Sure. Why the fuck not? You like being naked. I like it when you're naked. What's the fucking hold up?"

"I mean… I… I guess…" Abbie started pulling her t-shirt over her head. "You're right. I do like being naked. I mean, you don't mind, right? You've seen me naked already. And there's nobody else here." She kicked off her shoes, and stripped off her socks.

"Exactly right! Who gives a fuck! You be you Abbie! Get naked!" Vanessa said with exuberance.

Abbie had her skirt off too, and was now slipping her panties down her legs. "Yeah! Fu… Fuck what other people think! I like being naked!" She said with determination, now standing completely naked in front of the punk girl.

"Come join me for lunch." Vanessa patted the spot in the grass next to her, giving Abbie a coy smirk.

The now once again nude girl eagerly took the spot, stretching her bare legs out in front of her, and happily accepted half of Vanessa's bologna sandwich. The two girls enjoyed each other's company as they ate, one in her skimpy punk clothes, and the other completely naked.

“So I told you why I’m here. Now you tell me why you are hiding out under the bleachers.” Abbie said to the punk girl.

“Who says I’m hiding out?” Vanessa gave her a standoffish glare.

Abbie looked back at her skeptically. “Be honest.”

“Fine.” Vanessa gave a little wince before continuing. “Everyone was being such assholes to me after math class. Hey Vanessa, nice tits! Hey Vanessa, when you getting naked again!? Fucking assholes!”

“People can be real jerks sometimes.” Abbie agreed. “But I’m surprised you would let it bother you. Especially after everything you just told me. Screw what other people think, right?”

Vanessa blushed. Living up to her own words was very difficult for her in this situation. “Yeah, it’s just…”

“It’s hard…” Abbie completed, for her. “Can I ask why being seen naked is your biggest fear?”

“When I was young...” Vanessa began explaining. “I actually used to run around naked inside my house all the time. I mean, pretty young. Like until I was six or seven. My parents never really had a problem with it, or made a big deal out of it. Then one day my grandparents came to visit from Japan. My grandma was very strict and traditional. She didn’t like to see me running around naked I guess, and thought she would teach me a lesson.”

“What’d she do?” Abbie asked, since the girl had seemed to stop talking.

“She invited a bunch of other kids from the neighborhood into our house when I was naked without me knowing. Until it was too late. They all saw me naked and laughed at me, and called me names. I still remember their favorite, naked Nessa.” A small tear ran down her cheek. “I heard that one for years, even if they only ever saw me like that the one time.”

Abbie reached out, wiping the tear from the girl’s face. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to bring up bad memories for you.”

“It’s alright.” Vanessa forced a smile. “I guess her lesson worked. I never ran around naked after that… 'Til today.” She let out a quick laugh.

“If I would have known… I’m sorry I suggested that to Mr. Rusconi.”

“Hey, it’s ok. I did the same thing to you, as those kids did to me. I’m the one that should be apologizing.”

“Those kids that laughed at you should be the ones apologizing. Definitely your grandma too!” Abbie countered.

“She died a few years ago.” Vanessa explained. “I only got to see her one other time. When my family went to visit Japan, around when I was 12. It was pretty cool there, but I avoided my grandma as much as possible.”

“I don’t blame you.”

“Can I ask you something?” Abbie nodded her head. “That kid, Matt. He said something about having the same rules at your house. What was he talking about?”

Abbie had to look away from the girl. It was too humiliating to explain the rules while looking at her. “Matt’s mom made a rule that all girls must be naked at their house. His mom is my mom’s boss and mentor. I guess she talked my mom into making the same rules for my house, so now all girls have to be naked there too.”

“What!? Really!?” Vanessa looked at the girl in shock. “So if, for example, I came over to your house…?”

“Yes. You would have to be naked too.” Abbie looked over at the girl finally. She was surprised to see a contemplative look on her face.

“One, that’s bullshit you don’t get a choice in the matter. But two…”

“What?”

“Nothing. I was just thinking… You really DO make a good looking nudist you know. Your mom’s probably on to something with that rule.” Vanessa giggled.

Abbie had to giggle along with her. “That’s what everybody keeps telling me. Sometimes I’m not so sure.”

Vanessa scoffed at her. “What!? Come on, you’re so pretty!”

“But my boobs are so small. I wish they were bigger like yours.”

“You don’t need big boobs to be pretty.” Vanessa scooted a little closer to Abbie, until their hips were almost touching. Then she shyly looked up and down along Abbie's naked body, taking her entire form in. "Your skin is so smooth and beautiful too." She said, still staring down at Abbie's bare legs stretched out in front of her.

"Ohh… Uh, thank you." Abbie wasn't sure what else to say. Suddenly the mood had shifted, with the girl sitting so much closer.

“These things just cause me problems anyways.” Vanessa gestured at her chest.

Abbie could feel her face getting warmer as she stared at the girl’s ample cleavage. "They look great to me…" She said with a small gulp.

"Thanks." Vanessa smiled. She couldn't resist running her finger tip along Abbie's knee, and up her thigh, just stopping short of between her legs. "Your skin is so soft to the touch too."

"Thanks…" Abbie said, blushing, feeling butterflies in her stomach.

Vanessa had turned herself, and now she was eye to eye with Abbie. Suddenly, she leaned forward, meeting Abbie's lips with her own!

Abbie was shocked, and looked at Vanessa with wide eyes once the kiss was over. "I, uh…"

Vanessa noticed the shocked expression on Abbie's face right away. "Oh my god! Abbie I'm so sorry, I…"

"That's ok…! That's ok…!" Abbie said in confusion, scooting away from the girl until she had enough room to get up. "I've… I think I've got to go now…"

"Wait Abbie! I didn't mean…" Vanessa was having a hard time explaining her own actions. A hard time understanding her own actions too.

"That's ok! I just need to go now!" Abbie said in a half befuddled state, simply grabbing her clothes instead of putting them on. Then she rushed out of there, ignoring Vanessa's plea for her to wait.

—---

Lauren’s afternoon was not quite as emotional. It seemed everyone had gotten most of their teasing of the little blonde girl out of their systems before lunch. Even so, as the time ticked down closer to the end of the school day, Lauren’s nerves started to bother her more and more. It was getting nearer and nearer to the time she would have to appear naked in front of her entire track team. The girl had nobody to share her fears with, as only Robert and Abbie knew she would be attending track practice naked, and she wouldn’t dare share that fact with anybody else.

Lauren thought about saying she was feeling sick to get out of practice, but figured her parents would never buy it. Her mom had deliberately come to speak with the principal that morning to get permission for her to do her activities in the nude. It wouldn’t work to try and back out of it on the very first day.

Abbie had her own misgivings about track practice. Unlike Lauren, her fear was about seeing Blake. Not because she would be naked in front of her teammates again. They had been respectful to her the last few days while she was nude, and so she wasn't too worried. She hoped to just avoid Blake the entire time, but knew that was going to be very unlikely.

She was also still trying to mull over her feelings after what had happened with Vanessa during lunch. The punk girl had kissed her, full on the lips. She had always liked boys, and only boys, but on this occasion she was having doubts about that. Vanessa is very beautiful, she thought to herself, and a really good kisser. Things were just becoming more and more complicated for the semi-nudist fourteen year old.

Still, she was confused about her feelings, so had fled from the girl before either of them could discuss what had happened. The fact that Abbie was naked as she fled from underneath the baseball bleachers, didn’t even deter her from fleeing. It wasn’t until she ran past a few of her fellow students, that Abbie realized she should probably get dressed.

One of the boys gave her a little wolf whistle as she went by. She turned back to see who it was, with a blush, and then she gave the group a little wave, as she recognized one of the boys from her track team. Although she didn’t know him all that well. Then she disappeared around the side of the school, to slip her clothes back on.

“Please remember to read chapter 6 tonight!” Abbie’s teacher implored as the room full of students made a beeline for the door. The final bell of the school day had just rung, and now Abbie was on her way to track practice.

Her proximity to the locker room meant Abbie was one of the first girls to arrive. By the time Lauren got there, Abbie had stripped most of her clothes off. With a nervous demeanor, the little blonde tapped her on the shoulder, and almost whispered as she greeted her. ‘Hey Abbie.”

“Hi Lauren.” Abbie turned around to find the blonde girl, slipping her regular school shoes off in the process.

Lauren fidgeted nervously, before speaking, watching as Abbie removed the last bits of her clothes. Something she knew she would be having to do very soon herself. “When you’re done, will you come to my locker with me?” She asked.

Abbie now had her panties off too, and placed them inside of her locker with her other clothes. Then she made sure the locker was locked tight before turning back to the blonde girl. “Sure.” She answered cheerfully, before bringing one of her feet up onto the bench in between the lockers, in order to tie her tennis shoes. Lauren’s eyes went wide in shock, as now she could see everything in between Abbie’s legs quite clearly.

“What?” Abbie asked, switching legs to do up her other laces.

“Nothing…” Lauren figured it was best not to alienate the only girl who had been nice to her all day. Besides, she knew she would be in the exact same position very shortly.

Abbie still noticed where she was looking, almost chuckling to herself. “You’re certainly not the first to see me down there. And you probably won't be the last either.”

“Doesn’t it bother you?”

“It did… I mean, I probably showed a lot worse yesterday during practice. Bending over on the starting block and such.” Abbie explained.

Abbie wasn’t helping her feel any better. “Great! Now I’m gonna be showing everyone a lot worse too!” Lauren let out with a whine.

“Oh jeez, Lauren. I’m sorry. I didn’t think.” Abbie said, putting her hand on the girl’s shoulder. “It's gonna be ok. Nothing bad has happened to me the last couple days, right?”

“I… I guess not…” Lauren sniffled.

“Don’t worry. I’ll be with you every step of the way. Come on, let's go to your locker. I’m all set.” Abbie still held her arm as they went, trying to comfort the girl.

“Well if it isn’t the nudie girl.” One of their teammates teased as the girls approached, making the other girls giggle in response.

“Shut up, Nila!” Lauren shouted, barely able to hold back the tears welling in her eyes.

“It’s alright Lauren. She’s right, I am nude.” Abbie said back with a self-riotous smirk.

Nila rolled her eyes at Abbie, before addressing Lauren. “What are you doing hanging around with her anyway? Don’t tell me you’re gonna become a nudie too?”

“She already has!” Lauren’s friend Holly was also there. Although she was not part of the track team, instead getting changed for soccer practice. “Didn’t you hear about this morning?”

Nila rolled her eyes at the girl. “Duh! Why do you think I said that!” She turned to her friend, shaking her head like she couldn’t believe how dumb the girl could be. Then she turned her attention back towards Abbie. “You know, that color is just hideous on you. You are definitely not meant to be a blonde!”

“Really?” Abbie asked, grabbing a few strands of hair to look at. “I think it looks good on me.” She shrugged, giving the girl a mocking smile.

“Ask her about the park!” Nila’s friend said, patting her on the arm.

“Shut up, Rosa!” Nila scolded her friend. “How did you like your time at the park yesterday? Huh Abbie?” She asked with an amused smirk on her lips.

“It was nice. The weather was warm and not too breezy.” Abbie responded, determined to not let this girl get to her. “I met so many nice people there too. It was a blast!” She put on a cheerful smile, making Nila furious with her.

“Come on! Let’s get out of here! Before these nudies get their nudie cooties on us!” Nila gave a glare, leading the other girl out of the locker room.

Holly gave Lauren a little shrug, before saying, “You better hurry up and get changed. See you out there.” and she headed out too.

“That went well.” Abbie said to Lauren with a sigh. She really hoped people would have started leaving her alone about her nudity by now.

Lauren just stared at Abbie, almost seemingly hyperventilating. “Hey, are you ok?” Abbie asked, a little worried.

“I don’t think I can do this…” Lauren whimpered, letting a small tear roll down her cheek.

Abbie grabbed her shoulder again, trying to show her support. “Why not? You did it this morning. Yesterday morning too. Way more people saw you jogging naked in public than are going to see you now.”

“But they were strangers! Half the kids out there are in my class! And they’re all gonna see me… Naked!” Lauren gave a few sobs, and her tears finally started flowing freely.

Abbie pulled the girl close, hugging her tightly. “I know… I know…” Abbie let her cry on her shoulder for a minute. "I know you can do this, Lauren. Maybe it seems scary now, but I believe in you."

Lauren looked up at the naked girl as she held her, with tears still in her eyes. "Why are you being so nice to me? After everything I did to you?"

"Because, Lauren. We're friends now." Abbie smiled at the girl.

The blonde girl let out a few sniffles, and wiped her eyes of the tears. "Thanks Abbie." She wrapped her own arms around the naked girl, feeling comfort as she held her tightly.

After another minute, Lauren let go of the hug, having gotten her crying under control. "I guess I better… get my clothes off…'' She went to her locker to undo the padlock.

"Take your time." Abbie said. "I'll take any blame from the coach if we're late."

It took Lauren another minute to get undressed, and then the two now nude girls headed to the exit door.

"Hey Lauren. Why don't you wet your face a little? That way it's not so obvious…" Abbie suggested, trying to look out for the girl.

“Alright." Lauren said, and headed for the sink.

Abbie watched from across the way, waiting near the door for her. By this time, they were the only two left in the locker room. Everyone else was outside already. It wasn't too much longer before Lauren was back. "You ready?"

Lauren nodded, "I guess…" and so Abbie placed one hand on the push bar of the door, and held her hand out towards the younger girl. Lauren took her hand with a small smile of gratitude.

In one fluid motion, Abbie pushed the door open and stepped outside, pulling the younger girl with her. "Just breathe Lauren." She said, worried that the girl was going to start hyperventilating again. "Stay strong." She added with a squeeze of her hand.

The girls had only taken two steps, when from out behind the half height wall popped Blake. "Abbie? Hey…"

"Blake…" Abbie wasn't sure what to say to him. Lauren just stood there in fear. At least Blake has already seen me naked, Lauren thought, and there's no one else with him.

"Can we talk?" Blake asked.

"I don't know? Are you going to yell at me for being naked again, like you did at lunch?"

"No, I…"

"What Blake?"

"Nothing… Just forgot about it." Blake said, and he turned on his heel and walked away, hanging his head low.

"Did something happen between you two?" Lauren asked, with some concern for someone else for a change.

"Yes. It's… Not really important right now. Let's just get to practice." Abbie responded.

Lauren wanted to ask more, but Abbie took hold of her hand again, and her worries shifted back to her eminent exposure. The walk along the side of the school wasn't as difficult as it had been yesterday for the blonde girl, on account of the fact that she was wearing shoes this time. It was much more nerve-racking this time, however, as she knew many of her classmates and teammates were about to see her naked for the first time. She wondered how many of them had already seen her naked that morning because of her mom.

As the two naked girls approached the track field, many of their teammates let out loud gasps. They were expecting Abbie to be naked now, as had been the case for the last few days, but they were all shocked that Lauren had joined her.

None gasped any louder than Lauren's thirteen year old classmate, Nila, however. "Oh my god…! Lauren!? Just what…? Don't you just look the cutest, joining Abbie as a nudie!" She switched up what she was going to say, thinking it would be more fun to mock the naked blonde, than outright ask her why she was naked. She and the other girls started giggling at her expense. Then many of the boys started laughing too, thinking that Lauren did look quite cute naked like Abbie.

Lauren's only response was to try and cover up her pubic area as best she could with her free hand, as Abbie was still holding the other one. Then her whole team got to watch as her face became crimson red as all the blood rushed to her cheeks.

"Alright, enough of that!" Their coach interrupted before things could get out of hand. "As you can clearly see, we have another nudist girl in our midst. I expect all of you to give Lauren the same amount of respect we have been giving Abbie. And the same respect we've always given to Lauren, and each other. Understand!"

"Yes coach!" The team all responded.

"Understand Nila?" The coach added since the girl had been the first one to speak up about Lauren's nudity.

"Yes coach." Nila responded with a little blush, as she didn't like being singled out like that.

"Good, then let's get moving!" Coach Wood said, before blowing his whistle. "Let's start with stretches. Abbie, would you mind leading today?"

"Sure coach." Abbie responded, giving an apologetic look towards Lauren as she was forced to let go of her hand. Then she headed over to stand next to the coach.

Robert, meanwhile, used the opportunity to move closer to Lauren. "Hey, you're going to be ok." He whispered to her. The naked blonde was no longer blushing, but to him it looked as if most of the color had drained from her face now.

Lauren gave a weak smile to the boy, genuinely happy he was there. The only reason she had not totally lost it already was because of Abbie's presence. When the older girl had walked away, she almost went into a panic. Robert being there was the only thing helping her to keep her emotions in check.

Abbie took the lead at the front of the group. She began with simple arm stretches, but quickly moved onto the legs. Almost all of the events her team participated in focused on the lower body, so she knew that was the most important to focus on. Most of the boys, and even a few of the girls were raptured to watch Abbie as she moved around naked. While they had seen her naked previously, none of the focus had been on her solely and completely like it was now.

Abbie was enjoying herself, even if she could feel a little flush on her cheeks from all of the attention she was getting. She felt all the boys watching her as she moved, getting little butterflies in her stomach.

"Alright everyone. Touch your toes!" She said, bending forward at her waist. She realized that since she was at the front of the group today, none of her teammates would be getting the view of her cleanly shaven pussy lips from behind like some of them had the previous days. Something she had learned was visible quite clearly when she bent over in this manner. It wasn’t until she noticed that her coach was still standing a few feet behind her that she blushed, embarrassed to think of the older man looking at her once most secret private part so exposed in such a manner.

She got down on the ground now, with her legs stretched out in front of her. She knew that the next stretch would entail spreading her legs wide open, something she had nervous excitement about doing in front of such a large audience. She gave a sad look over at Blake for the first time since she had arrived at the track, remembering the last time she had done this stretch in front of a group.

Blake looked back at her sadly too, but the naked girl didn't pay attention to him for long, and instead forced herself to look away and then opened her legs for the group.

Many watched on in complete wonder. For most of the boys, and a lot of the girls too, this was a first for them. Seeing what was in between a girl's legs so explicitly. With her legs wide open, Abbie's outer lips were pulled apart, and now she was showing everyone what lied beneath. Everyone was treated to the view of Abbie's inner pink lips, her rosy red clit as it poked out from its hood just slightly, and even the entrance to her vagina down below. Those in front were even able to notice that there was a bit of wetness seeping from her hole, though some of them were not quite sure what it meant initially. They would receive an explanation from their friends on the team later on.

Abbie knew exactly what she was showing them, but this time it didn't cause her much embarrassment. Instead she was feeling a delicious tingling down below, for displaying her privates to such a big group. She chose to stretch down one leg, and then the other, multiple times, over what was usually expected, in order to keep herself on display a little longer. She was enjoying the attention so much that she could feel her nipples almost humming with excitement too!

"Abbie looks like she's enjoying herself." Robert commented to Lauren with a smirk, noticing the content and happy demeanor Abbie was showing as she led the team.

Both Lauren and Robert were in the back row, so the view of Abbie's privates wasn't quite as explicit for the two. Although the little blonde was acutely aware of what Abbie would be showing in such a position. "I guess…" She had not felt brave enough to copy the nude girl leading the group. She had only opened her legs a little for the stretches, only letting her feet sit about an inch or two apart.

Robert smiled at her all the same when he looked over at her, seeing her little slit just barely starting to part itself tantalizingly. "I hope one day you feel like her. And you're not so nervous to be naked in front of me."

"I don't think it's you I'm so nervous to be naked in front of…" She explained. "It's everybody else…"

Robert let out a happy laugh to hear that. "Really? I mean that's great news to know you're not nervous to be naked in front of me." The blonde girl could only blush at him for what she had just admitted.

A little more stretching was done by Abbie to close out this part of practice. Still leaving her legs spread wide open, this time she leaned forward with her arms stretched out in front of her, touching her hands to the ground. She knew this would block the view most had of her privates between her legs. Still it was an expected exercise, so she did it without much fuss. She wasn't going to take too long doing this movement either, but then she noticed the smiles on a few of the faces of the boys in front, realizing they were checking out her boobs as they hung down from her chest. She liked the way her nipples were feeling, with their hard puckered look. Almost begging to be touched.

Now with the stretches all completed, Abbie began leading her team through a warm up. "First let's do some jumping jacks." She explained, starting to count and jump. "One, two, three…" Every boy watched with great interest, even Blake, as Abbie's small perky boobs bounced up and down with each jump. Many of the girls began giggling as well, almost feeling like they were on show too, and moved their own hands to cover and control the way their own boobs were bouncing, even if they were not uncovered. Abbie however just let her chest bounce freely, not worried about the others as they watched her.

The only other bare girl, Lauren, didn't really have to worry about her breasts bouncing with how tiny they were. She was still a bit tickled to see Robert glance over at her while she jumped, obviously wanting to check her out. Still, she was happy to be in the back where no one else would look at her.

"Ok, some push-ups." Abbie said next, and then positioned her head towards the others. Her breasts were once again on display as they hung downwards, but she didn't mind. Then she thought they might have enjoyed the view of her positioned facing away from them, feeling a little disappointed with herself, but it didn't take her long to come up with a remedy.

"Now sit-ups." She explained, flipping onto her back, with her legs towards the group. "One… Two… Three… Four… Five…" she counted, each time letting her knees spread a little farther open. The boys enjoyed an interrupted view between her legs each time they sat up, and the girls looked at her in wonder, contemplating how Abbie could so freely display her body. Many of them wondered if Abbie was spreading her legs open on purpose even.

Abbie got back to her feet after reaching thirty. “Ok, now let's all do a little running in place, to get the blood really pumping!” She said, doing just that. Once again they all watched as her breasts jiggled around from her movement. Most of the boys also thought their blood was already pumping quite quickly, after watching the naked girl’s stretches and movements.

"Take a minute to cool down everyone!" The coach said when Abbie had finished. It wasn't too much longer before the group had split up to go practice their own events.

Abbie, Lauren, Nila, and Rosa were the four girls who usually participated in the sprinting and relay competitions for the school. Along with the boys, Blake, Robert, and another seventh grader named Cole. Since the coach spent most of his time moving from one group to the next, Abbie was usually considered the de facto leader of this group. But today there was more of a rift between the teens, all for their own reasons.

Nila was the first to speak, seeing a chance to get in a little bit of teasing while the coach was away. "My god Lauren, after everything you've been saying about Abbie the last few days. Now you decide to be a nudie too!"

Lauren was about to explain about her punishment, but Abbie bumped her arm before she could spill the beans. "I think Nila is just jealous of us, Lauren." Abbie gave the girl a smug look. "She'd never have the guts to go naked like us."

"As if! Who'd want to be a nudie like you!?" Nila fired back.

"I thought you said…" Her friend, Rosa, began to ask.

"Shut up, Rosa!" Nila scowled at her, then she turned to the males of the team. "What do you think, boys?"

"I think it's cool that Lauren is nude." Robert said, attempting to defend the little naked blonde.

"Yeah, you'll get no complaints from me!" Cole said with a smirk, checking both naked girls out. Lauren wanted to cover herself up very badly as another male classmate of hers got an unobstructed view of her naked body, but she was able to resist the compulsion, just barely.

"Abbie's the bravest person I know." Blake added, standing a few feet away from the group with his arms folded, almost feeling like an outsider.

"Who asked you?" Abbie shot him a small scowl in response to his comment. Blake just turned away, trying to give her some space.

"Alright, let's get to it." Abbie clapped her hands together, to get their attention. "We'll start with the 100 meter dash today, and then the 200. Then we need to work on the relay sprints."

Taking their places on the starting block were Abbie, Rosa, and Cole. They usually rotated between each participant, until everyone had had their turn to race. Then they would usually switch to the next event they needed practice in.

Being the oldest not participating in this race, Blake stood at the finish line, and called out, "Go!" while waving his arm.

"I saw that." Lauren nudged her elbow into Robert's arms, giving him a slightly blushing smile.

"Huh?" He asked.

"You were checking Abbie out… Between her legs… When she was bent over…" She whispered to him.

Robert turned bright red for being caught. "Sorry…"

"I can hardly blame you." Lauren conceded. "Just, maybe you could distract the other guys when it's my turn at the block?"

"I'll do my best." He said, giving her a bright smile. "But it's gonna be hard not to look, myself." That earned him a much sharper elbow, this time in the gut. "Oof! Sorry!"

"It's… it's ok. I honestly expect you'll look when it’s my turn." She said with another bright blushing smile.

Abbie arrived at the finishing line first, just barely edging out Cole. With Rosa coming in third.

"Good job, Abbie." Blake congratulated her.

"Yeah. Thanks…" Abbie hardly acknowledged him.

Now it was time for the next group to make their race, and Blake made his way over to the starting block, lining up next to Robert and Nila. Lauren chose to just watch again, as her shyness about being naked was still bothering her.

Abbie conducted this race from the finish line this time, calling start for the racers. Surprisingly, Robert came in first this time, followed by Nila, and Blake came in last, which was unusual for him.

"You ok, Blake?" Robert asked, as he was rarely faster than the older boy. He couldn't remember the last time he had beaten him in a race.

Blake took a sad look at Abbie, "I'm fine…" He looked down at the asphalt sadly. His heart wasn't really in the mood for racing.

"Guess it's Abbie and Robert against Lauren." Nila said with a smirk, looking over at the little blonde across the race track. "She doesn't have much to jiggle, unlike you Abbie."

Abbie rolled her eyes at the girl in response. "At least she doesn't stuff her bra, unlike a certain girl I know."

"How do you know that…? I mean, I don't stuff my bra!" She yelled at the nude girl, blushing profusely.

Abbie just chuckled to herself, as she headed to the starting line with Robert.

"Do you really stuff your bra?" Nila's friend asked with genuine curiosity.

"Shut up, Rosa!" Nila yelled at her, while Cole just laughed at the whole thing.

At the starting line, all three competitors took their positions, with Lauren in the middle.

"I hope you didn't hear what Nila said about you." Abbie gave the little blonde a sorry look.

"No?" Lauren looked at her, both sad and confused. "What did she say?"

"Don't worry about it, Lauren." Robert explained. "I think she's just trying to stir up shit between you and Abbie. I don't think she likes how friendly you two have gotten with each other."

"Nila is my friend too." Lauren explained. "I had hoped she wouldn't make fun of me for being naked. I guess that's too much to ask."

"Hey, you made fun of me plenty for being naked. Your sister and Heather too. You had to know this was coming." Abbie expressed.

"Yeah." Lauren looked down in shame. "You are right."

"I forgiven you for all that, alright Lauren?"

Lauren looked back at her with a half smile, feeling touched that Abbie would still offer her forgiveness after everything. "Thanks."

"Yeah. What you need to learn now is how to get more comfortable with your body. And to learn to be ok with being naked." Abbie explained. "You're going to be naked for the next two weeks, so it's something you're just going to have to get used to." She said, but then her eyes went a little wider, as she thought she had just screwed up. "Oh no, I'm sorry, Lauren. I didn't mean to say that out loud in front of Robert."

"It's ok." Lauren gave her a weak smile. "I told him already."

"I for one am going to really enjoy the next two weeks. Lauren's little body is so hot!" Robert said with a wide grin.

"Robert!" Lauren blushed and giggled at him, astonished he would say something like that with Abbie right there.

Abbie laughed at what the boy had said too. "Good. Glad to see you're on my side, Robert. We need to work on her for the next two weeks. That way she keeps going naked even after her time is up." she teased.

"I like your thinking, Abbie!" Robert laughed, while the naked blonde girl just blushed between the two of them with a perturbed look on her face.

Lauren didn't get a chance to respond any further, as Blake waved them to start the race.

This time it was Abbie who came in first, with Lauren only inches away from her and coming in at second place. Robert was a few feet behind, coming in at third. "Wow, you girls are fast!" He said, holding his arms above his head to catch his breath.

"Yeah, Lauren. I've never seen you move that fast." Cole added. "You were neck and neck with Abbie that whole time. I was almost sure you were going to win."

"Really?" Lauren asked, taking deep breaths to get her panting under control. "I wonder why?"

"Maybe it's because you are naked. Coach said Abbie was a lot faster yesterday, because she was naked." Rosa offered. The girl didn't have much of a filter between her mouth and her brain. "Remember, he said maybe all of us girls should run naked."

"Shut up, Rosa!" Nila scolded her. She wasn't anywhere prepared for even the thought of going naked, much less at track practice. "Lauren's just getting better. She's almost beaten Abbie plenty of times."

"I don't know. Rosa might be onto something. Why don't you take your clothes off, Nila, and we can see how much faster you run." Cole gave the girl a cheeky grin.

"Ugh! No way, perv!" Nila yelled at him, heading for the starting line.

"What do you think, Blake? You've been really quiet." Cole asked him.

"Huh. Oh… Well…" Blake turned to look at Abbie. "I think a girl would have to be really brave to go naked for track. And very courageous to be anywhere naked in public. I know it wouldn't be easy, especially when her boyfriend puts his foot in his mouth." He looked at her hopefully.

Abbie wasn't ready to forgive him just yet, responding with a weak smile. "Boyfriend or no boyfriend, a courageous naked girl is gonna keep going naked, no matter what. And no one in her life is going to tell her otherwise." and she turned on her heel to head for the starting line herself.

“Man, you really pissed her off, didn’t you?” Cole asked Blake, hanging back to walk to the next finish line as they were switching events. Blake gave him a confused look, so he explained himself. "I saw you two get into it during lunch. I was sitting a few tables over."

"Oh." Blake responded glumly. "I think everyone saw what happened between us, honestly."

"Yeah. Probably." Cole nodded his head in agreement. "Does it really bother you? Her being naked?"

"I mean, no, not really… I think she's super cute, and really hot."

"Me too…" Cole said with a blush. "I didn't want to say anything, since she was your girl. But Abbie is one of the finest girls in this school. At least in my opinion."

"I know…" Blake said in frustration.

"If it doesn't bother you, then why did you yell at her like that?"

Blake had to pause, and really contemplate himself. "I don't know…" He answered, not revealing the immense guilt he was feeling to his teammate.

The group continued practicing their events for the next half hour. After the 200 meter dash, they moved on to the relay race. The three boys lined up to take on Abbie, Lauren, and Nila for this part.

Rosa got to officiate this time, as she was only the backup runner for this event. "Go!" She shouted to her teammates, and they were off.

Lauren and Robert started with the baton for each of their teams respectively. It was neck and neck as the two thirteen year olds tried to out speed each other. Lauren was barely able to edge him out, seamlessly handing off the baton to Nila. Robert slightly fumbled his handoff to Cole, but Cole was able to recover, making up for the lost distance between himself and the girl.

"I can't believe you almost dropped the baton." Lauren commented to him as she watched the race.

"Do you know how distracting it is to have you running next to me, naked!?" He complained, still staring at the naked blonde. Lauren could only laugh. "I'm just glad I only have to compete against guys when it really counts."

Nila and Cole made their hand off to Abbie and Blake almost simultaneously. Now it would come down to just the two scorned lovers, and who could reach the finishing line first.

Blake took an early lead, but Abbie was determined. Her anger at him for what he had said during lunch had her determined to beat him. She pumped her legs as hard as she could, shooting past him like a bat out of hell! By the time Blake reached the finishing line, Abbie had already been there for at least 10 seconds.

"Whew! Girls win!" Rosa called, giving Abbie a high five.

Abbie looked back at Blake, who just seemed to be staring at her blankly now, feeling like this was a hollow victory.

Their coach blew his whistle, and called, "Everyone, gather 'round!" Signaling the end of practice. Waiting for the whole team to be present, he continued once they were all there. “Good job out there, everyone! I’m really liking the hustle I’m seeing from all of you! Everton isn’t gonna know what hit ‘em this Saturday!”

“Saturday?” Both Lauren and Abbie gave each other a nervous look.

“Boys, you’re on cleanup duty today. Girls, hit the showers!” He said, going over towards Abbie. “Abbie, you know what to do.” He said, holding out the key to the locker room to her. “Just leave it on Mrs. Flowers’ desk before you leave.” and he went to help the boys put the equipment away.

“Did you know we had a meet this Saturday?” Lauren asked Abbie with much concern.

“No, I didn’t.” Abbie could feel a bit of a knot in her stomach as well. “I wonder if it’s here or there.”

“We’re home.” Rosa explained, having overheard the girls’ conversation as she walked in front of them. “How did you forget about the meet this weekend?”

“I’ve had a lot on my mind lately.” Abbie explained with a small shrug.

The girls all had to wait near the door to the locker room, until Abbie got it unlocked for them, and that meant many of them had also heard the discussion. “Wait, does that mean you nudies are gonna be nudie for the track meet!?” Nila asked with a wide smirk on her face, thinking that was deliciously hilarious.

“I suppose it does.” Abbie said, undoing the lock, and the other girls all started to pour into the locker room. Many of them gave Abbie a smug look as they went past.

Abbie wasn’t going to stand for that treatment anymore, addressing the group before they could head to their own lockers. "Hey! Didn't anyone hear Coach Wood!? He said to hit the showers!" Abbie complained. Rosa and Lauren were the last two inside, looking at the nude girl like she was losing her mind.

"Yeah, but he says that every day." Another girl from the team explained. "And we always ignore him every time."

“Alright! Listen up everyone! Things are gonna change around here!” Abbie shouted at her team. “There's a new rule around here! Coach says everyone has to take a shower after practice from now on!”

There was a lot of grumbling and complaints from the other girls, as they continued heading to their lockers.

“It’s either that, or you're off the team! No exceptions!” Abbie added, since it seemed like they were going to ignore her too. She started marching up and down the aisles, looking very mean and determined.

Lauren watched Abbie in shock, but then noticed with surprised wonder that girl after girl actually began stripping their clothes off, including their underwear! Some more reluctantly than others. She waited for Abbie to come back towards her, talking quietly so the other girls wouldn’t overhear her. “When did coach say that?”

Abbie whispered back. “He didn’t. But they don’t know that.” Lauren could only giggle back at Abbie in shock.

"Oh my god! They're all under her nudie spell!" Nila tried saying to Rosa, only to be appalled to find her friend was getting naked too.

Rosa gave her a small shrug in response. "What? I hate being all sweaty in my dad's car on the ride home. This seems like a good idea to me." She gave a smile, tossing her workout clothes into her locker.

A small parade of naked girls, aged between 12 and 15, made their way to the communal showers, coming together as a group near Abbie and Lauren. Abbie looked over the group of nude girls, seeing all the various shapes, sizes, heights, and colors. Both of their hair and of their skin. It was like a female rainbow running the entire gambit. For the first time since Abbie had started going nude, she felt a sense of genuine pride as she looked at the group. It brought a small joyous tear to her eye.

"Where's Nila?" Abbie asked.

Nila pushed her way to the front of the girls. "I'm here…" She had stripped naked too, but unlike the other girls, she kept her arms covering her private bits.

"We're all girls here, Nila." Abbie explained with a laugh. "It's not like I'm asking you to go out and run a mile naked."

Nila dropped her arms at that, blushing since the attention of the other girls was all on her. Lauren took a step forward, wrapping her arm around Nila's bare shoulder. "You look good." She smiled. "You've got boobs about as big as mine, but you look good." The blonde girl smiled at her brunette friend.

Nila let out a little laugh. "I guess I deserve that for the comment I made about you earlier."

"Look around girls!" Abbie said, getting the group's attention again. "Everyone of us has something different about us. Everyone of us has something that bothers us about ourselves. But that doesn't mean we should put each other down. We're a team! We need to look out for each other! Build each other up! And I think I needed to learn that lesson most out of all of us."

She walked over to one of the shower heads, adjusting the lever to set it to its coldest setting. "Rosa, this is for you!" She quickly moved herself into the spray of the ice cold water. "AHHHH!" She shrieked. "GOD! THAT’S SO COLD!" She started to shake as her team watched on in shock. "I'm sorry for making you do this at the start of the year Rosa! I'm sorry for the way I've been towards many of you this year. I was supposed to be a leader, but I've let you all down."

"Abbie, I forgive you." Rosa said, with tears welling her eyes.

“We all forgive you!” Another of the girls shouted out.

"Then… Can… I… Turn… It… To… Hot…?" Abbie asked through chattering teeth.

Lauren turned to the other girls with a smile. "What do you think, girls?"

"Please…?" Abbie begged, shivering uncontrollably.

"Well, ok." Lauren said, seeing most of the girls nodding their heads.

With great relief, Abbie flipped the lever to warm, almost instantly feeling better. She was surprised when the group of about a dozen girls all rushed forward towards her, joining her in the showers. There was a lot of shrieking and giggling as the group of naked girls started to all lather themselves and each other up with soap and shampoo. A lot of the shyness the girls had felt about their bodies, and showing themselves to their teammates, was replaced with playfulness.

If anyone were watching the girls, they would probably perceive the scene as erotic, but the girls were only being playful with the way they were touching each other. They were only trying to be helpful with one another by washing each other's backs. There was a sense of camaraderie building between the girls more than anything else as they all giggled and play-fought with their teammates for a while, splashing each other with the water.

"Hey, what are you girls doing!?" It was Mrs. Flowers. Gym teacher to most of the girls. "This isn't a slip n' slide! If you're clean, get out of the water." She said, pointing with her thumb over her shoulder. The girls were nervous they were in trouble at first, but then they noticed the teacher's smile. Many of the girls still quickly rinsed themselves off before heading to their locker, as they knew their fun was now over.

Abbie and Lauren headed for their locker too, with Nila and Rosa following closely. Abbie was one of the few girls that had her own towel, and dried quickly once she reached her locker. The other girls had to ask Mrs. Flowers for assistance.

"You girls never used these, so we always kept them locked up. If you girls are gonna start using the shower though, I'll leave them out for you." She said, wheeling a cart full of clean fluffy white towels out of her office. The girls were all very thankful that they would not have to get dressed still dripping wet, each coming to grab a fresh towel to dry themselves with.

"Are you going to get dressed?" Nila asked Abbie with wonder, remembering how she had just walked out of the locker room naked the other day.

"Ehh… Probably not." Abbie shrugged her shoulders. "After today, I feel good about being naked."

"How about you, Lauren?" Rosa asked. "You look pretty cute naked. I know Robert was checking you out the whole time during practice."

"Shut up, Rosa!" Lauren blushed and giggled. "I'm… Well, I'm…"

"I dared Lauren to join me." Abbie quickly cut in. "I dare you two to join me too." She added with a smirk.

"Uhh… I… Seriously!?" Nila looked at her in alarm.

"Oh my god…" Rosa said under her breath, blushing. "Can we really just do that?"

"What?" Abbie asked.

"Just walk out of here naked?" The Spanish girl asked.

"I'm about to." Abbie explained, throwing her bag over her shoulder and slamming her locker shut. "And so is Lauren."

"Don't you guys have permission or something?" Nila asked.

"Yeah, for practice. I don't think we need permission to walk out of here naked." Abbie explained.

"Oh my god her nudie spell is working on me too!" Nila said with wide eyes, but then started shoving her school clothes into her backpack.

"We're really gonna do this!?" Rosa was half giddy, half nervous. "What will my dad say?"

"Your dad's always fricken checking me out. For some reason, I don't think he's gonna mind if we show up to his car naked." Nila had her locker shut too, pulling her backpack on.

"I'm ready…" Lauren said, but her tone had a bit of nervousness.

Rosa was the last girl ready, and then the four naked girls began their trek through the school to the main parking lot. "Please be careful girls!" Mrs. Flowers implored as the girls walked by.

Abbie once again took the lead, with the three thirteen year olds sticking close by, right behind her. The halls were basically empty as they walked, and so the three younger girls got into a false sense of security. It was just their luck that as they rounded the next corner, the chess club would be ending their session. About ten nerdy boys came rushing out of the room, stunned by the gorgeous, athletic, trim and petite, naked girls in front of them.

The girls were all blushes, even Abbie, as they had to navigate their way clumsily around the bottleneck of nerdy boys. Not wanting to really come into contact with the boys, the girls had to contort themselves this way, and that, to maneuver themselves through. Thankfully, the boys seemed to be stunned into motionlessness, as not one of them made any movement besides to keep their gaze locked onto the nude girls.

Once the girls had finally made it through the crowd, only then did they start running, giggling to themselves and each other along the way about what had just happened. The geeky boys could still only watch on in wonder, as their four bare butts disappeared around the next corner.

They made it to the front doors of the school without any more incident. Rosa was able to spot her dad’s car idling in the parking lot, and she and Nila rushed over quickly, waving goodbye. “See you tomorrow!” They called.

Rosa's father had been busy on his phone, and didn't notice the girls had arrived until his daughter slid into the front seat next to him. "Hey papi." Rose greeted him with a blushing smile.

"Hey baby girl. How was school?" The man only looked up from his phone for a second to acknowledge her with a side eyed glace, but then it finally registered that his daughter wasn't wearing any clothes, and he turned his head to look at her in shock.

"Daddy, stop staring!" Rosa giggled, blushing since her dad hadn't moved his eyes from her.

"Niña? What's the meaning of this?" The man asked.

"What?" Rosa played coy. "You mean why are Nila and I naked?"

Her father immediately adjusted his rear view mirror to look at the girl in the back seat, dropping all pretense of reprimanding his daughter. He was treated to a blushing Nila in the back seat, seeing her small boobs pushed out from her chest, looking very perky. Also her little brown areolas, still quite puffy, demonstrating that the girl was still in the middle of puberty. He adjusted the mirror lower, and now he could see her hips, matching her level of maturity, wider than when she was younger, but not as wide as they would ultimately get. The girl had a bit of soft looking fuzzy hair peeking out from between her legs, and it made him wish that he could see her hidden flower in between. As if the gods were answering his prayer, Nila adjusted herself in her seat, letting her legs come open just enough that the man got a quick glimpse at what was in between. Despite the bit of hair she had poking out, her lower lips were completely bare. The fuzzy pubes she had were only growing from above the girl's slim slit on her pubic mound thus far. Then he took in what he was able to see of Nila's deceptively long legs as they disappeared behind the passenger seat. His heart was racing, knowing he shouldn't be looking at his daughter's young friend like this, but unable to resist the opportunity to see the beautiful young lady naked.

Nila almost giggled when she noticed her friend's dad staring at her, despite her cheeks burning from the attention. She used the excuse of buckling her seat-belt to turn away from his gaze for a few seconds, but bashfully smiled to herself since he was still looking when she turned back. This wasn't the first time her friend's dad had checked her out, but it was the very first time she had ever been naked in front of him, and it had her stomach doing back-flips.

"Papi, stop staring at Nila and let’s go!?" Rosa brought her father's attention back to her. The man turned to his daughter, and cringed. He had been about to complain about the girls’ nudity, but felt too embarrassed to bring anything up now.

Instead, with his attention on his daughter now, he took in her form too. It had been a few years since he had seen his daughter naked. Her breasts had grown quite a bit since then. He knew from doing the laundry that her size was already a B cup. Her long dark brown curly hair came down to rest on top of them, just barely leaving her large nipples exposed through the strands. Eventually she would have breasts just as big as her mother, he thought. From all of the running and exercise she did, he could see that Rosa was in excellent shape. Her tummy was flat and toned. Her legs fit and shapely. Her calves especially were quite muscly, but that would be expected for a runner. He was proud of the women his daughter was becoming.

"Niñas, buckled in?" He asked. Both girls gave their confirmation that they were, so he put the car into gear. "We can talk about why the two of you are nude on the drive home." He said with a smirk, having to adjust himself. Rose turned around to give Nila a little glance, wondering if maybe they would be in trouble after all.

Abbie and Lauren both just stood at the side of the parking lot, watching as the car drove away. Lauren’s mom hadn’t seemed to have arrived yet, and Abbie wasn’t about to abandon her to start walking home, so the two had a little time to kill as they waited.

“Thank you, Abbie.” Lauren said after a bit of silence.

“Huh?”

“For everything. Thank you for everything today. You made this day bearable, and dare I say it, even kind of fun at parts.” Lauren expressed.

Abbie smiled back at the blonde girl, with a genuine warmth. “Thank you too, Lauren.”

“Huh?” Now Lauren was confused.

“If it wasn’t for all the teasing and tricks you pulled on me, I would have never had the guts to do some of the things I’ve done naked. If it wasn’t for you, I would not be naked for track. I wouldn’t have gone to the mall, naked, that’s for sure! And I definitely wouldn’t have learned I really like being a nudist. So, thank you.” She grabbed her in a quick hug.

Lauren could only blush and smile, realizing Abbie meant true forgiveness for everything she had done to her. She felt so happy and in wonder, that something so good could have come out of all the terrible things she had done. A beautiful new friendship between them. She never got to respond to her, however, as her mom’s sedan pulled up to the curb next to them. “I guess I’ll see you tomorrow.”

“Bye, Lauren!” Abbie waved. “Text me!” She added as the little naked blonde girl got inside of her mom's car. Then she turned to head home herself.

She was surprised to find Blake waiting around the corner for her, however. "Abbie, can we talk? Please?" Blake asked, giving the girl a forlorn look.

Abbie tried brushing past him, but he grabbed her arm in desperation. "Please?" He begged.

"Fine! What?" Abbie pulled her arm away, turning back towards him, very annoyed.

"Please Abbie, I didn't mean to hurt you. I didn't mean the thing I said at lunch. Of course I don't mind if you want to be naked. In fact I love it when you're naked, no matter who sees you."

"Then why did you yell at me during lunch?" She gave him a standoffish glare, her feelings still hurt.

Blake let out a sigh. He had figured out the real thing that had been bothering him during practice. "Abbie…

I had sex with my sister…"

"What?" Abbie asked, dumbfounded, not sure she had really heard him correctly.

"I had sex with Heather this morning." Blake looked down at the ground, in absolute shame of himself.

Abbie looked at him with shock and almost disgust as she continued to process what he had said. "With Heather!? You had sex with Heather!? WHAT!? YOU HAD SEX WITH YOUR SISTER! YOU HAD SEX WITH YOUR SISTER!? YOU HAD SEX WITH HEATHER!?" Her voice got louder as she continued speaking, until she was yelling. Her head was spinning.

"It just kinda happened…"

"Just kinda happened!? What did you trip and fall into her cunt!?" Abbie was now past the point of shock, bordering into full blown anger. "YOU HAD SEX WITH YOUR SISTER!?"

Blake became a little defensive at her angry tone. "Hey, I didn't get mad at you when that blonde chick went down on you! Or Maddie! You had sex with your sister too!" Blake knew he shouldn’t have said it, even before the words had left his mouth.

"That's…! That's…! I don't want to talk about this right now! I need to think!" She said, and turned around in a huff and started marching away.

Blake didn’t let her go this time. He caught up with her, and grabbed her by the shoulder to spin her back around to face him again. "Abbie…!"

"Don't!" She yelled at him, pulling herself out of his reach, with tears running down her cheeks.

"Abbie, please…" He begged, on the verge of tears himself.

"Vanessa kissed me!" Abbie spat out before she lost her nerve.

"Vanessa?" He asked blankly.

"She's a girl from my math class. I don't want to get into the whole thing. But she was naked during math class… Like me."

"Oh…" He said, still unsure what to make of what she had just said. "And you kissed her?"

"It happened during lunch. After… After I ran outside… She was under the baseball bleachers. We were both feeling sad, and she kissed me."

"Abbie, I don't care about that…" He took her hand into his, and half smiled at her. "Abbie, I love you."

Her eyes went wide with surprise as she looked up at his face. "You… love me…?"

"Yes Abbie. I love you!" He said again, with a big smile forming on his face this time.

"Blake… I love you too…" She started, but the look on her face was not one of happiness. "But you hurt me really bad. I need some time…. Time to think about everything." She slowly pulled her fingers from his grasp. "I'm sorry…"
