PoolBoyII

Any comments, suggestions? geek_writer@yahoo.com

Check out my other stuff -
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/geekWriter/

Enjoy the story, and all that Copyright stuff??  The story is mine, if
you reproduce it somewhere, please let me know...
*****************************************************************************
I stored my stuff in the garage, threw my shirt back on, and went back through the gate.  I opened the sliding glass door at the other side of the patio, and went inside.  It was cool and dark inside in comparison to the hot, humid morning outside.

I went through the kitchen and into the front hallway, following the sound of Patty's voice.  She was obviously talking to someone on the phone when she called out to me, "Duncan, is that you?"

"Yes Mrs. Johnson, it's me."

"Come on up, the plumbing I need you to look at is up here."

I went up the stairs and down the hallway to the right, the tile cold under my bare feet.  At the end of the hallway was a large set of double doors, with a huge four-poster bed in middle of the far wall.  I walked down to the end of the hallway, saying "I'm done with the pool, it'll take a while to mix the chemicals properly."  

"That's great, honey.  I'll talk to you on Friday when you get back.  I'm going to have Duncan check out the plumbing up here.  Yes.  Jenni's son, Duncan.  Will do.  Kisses!"

The whole conversation had been behind a dressing screen.  "That was my husband, he's in Saudi working on another damn contract.  Let me just call your mom fast.  Be quiet, k?"

I waited where I was, hearing her rustle around with things behind the screen.  

"Hey Jenibabe...It's Patty.  Can I borrow your son for some other stuff?  Roger's out of town and there's a problem with my plumbing.  Really?  Oh you are so great.  And of course I am going to pay him hourly!!  Yep!  No, he's still out by the pool.  Uh huh.  Yeah, I'll have him call you before he leaves.  I might make him dinner if he's lucky.  Yeah, I'll give him a ride if it gets too dark.  Sure.  uh huh.  Love you to sweets.  BYE!"

"Obviously that was your mom.  So..." she said seductively, stepping out from behind the screen, revealing herself.  "You want to help me with my plumbing?  I think I might needed it plunged.."

She stood there totally naked leaning against the screen, playing with her clit.  Her hair was mostly dry and messy, but in a really sexy kind of way.  My jaw dropped as she licked her lips, moving towards me.  She went behind me, closing the doors.  I felt her hands at the bottom of my shirt, lifting it upwards.  I could smell her sex on her hand as it moved close to my face.  The scent was intoxicating.  I lifted it the rest of the way off as she pushed my shorts and underwear off my hips, exposing my hard cock once more.

"Jesus, it's still hard as a rock!" she said, awed.  I was pretty impressed myself with the little time it took to get it big and hard again.  Come to think of it, I don't think it had gone down at all after the pool.  I was distracted in my thoughts by her mouth wrapping around the head of it, her warm breasts nudging my heavy scrotum.  I stood there in Patty's bedroom, getting my first blowjob from a woman who looked like the human embodiment of Jessica Rabbit.  Her breasts dragged across my hairy balls as she licked up and down the shaft, pausing to swirl her tongue around the top on every pass.

"Mmmm, it's nice and thick and long.  You gonna shove this monster in my pussy baby??"  The combination of dirty talking, soft firm tits dragging across me, and my first blowjob had me bucking my hips and squirting sperm everywhere in about a second flat.  She sucked me into her mouth, swallowing every ropy strand of hot come that came shooting from the base of my balls.  "Mmmmmm" she hummed around my cock.

I leaned against the door behind me to catch my breath while she stood up.  She put one arm around my waist, her spongy tits on my chest and back as she walked me over to the bed.  "Too bad" she said sadly, looking at my cock.

"Too bad what?" I said.
"Too bad you came so fast, it'll take a while to get hard again, won't it?"

I looked down at my pulsing cock.  It was still hard as a rock and standing up straight as an arrow.  "Um..I dunno.  Doesn't feel like it's going down now, so..."

She laid down beside me and grasped it by the base.  "I don't believe it, I think it's just as hard.  How do you do that?"

I shrugged, "Dunno.  Never been this hard before."

She licked her lips and pushed me over onto my back.  "I gotta get this inside me right now" she growled as she straddled my hips.  I reached down and supported her ass somewhat as she put the fat head at the entrance to her pussy.  I slowly lowered her onto me, her hips wiggling as she breathed deeply.  I watched the first inch disappear into her slick hot cunt, her hands resting on my chest.  I lowered her even further, her hot wet pussy sliding down inch after inch until my cock was half buried in her.  "Oh My fucking God. Mmmm holy shit! ung ung ungh" she drawled as inch after inch disappeared inside her, finally stopping with about two inches left to go.  I could feel something hard against the tip, keeping me from going any further.

Her eyes were shut tight as she said, "Ungh, I am so full!  Uh oh god, it's so fucking big.  Turn me over and get on top.  Don't try to slam it in me too far, that's my cervix you're hitting and it'll hurt."

I grabbed her around the waist and easily turned her over, being careful not to lunge further into her.  Once on her back, she wiggled up towards the head of the bed, putting her hands on the rails of the headboard.  I started moving my hips, which pulled my heavy cock out of her pussy.  She wailed loudly.  "Oh GOD!  It's so good!"

I didn't know any better, so I reversed direction and slid it back into her.  "Oh GOD!  Do it like that baby, nice and slow...  Oh SHIT!" as I pulled out and pushed back in a little faster, feeling every vein in my dick drag across every fold inside her.  I began learning the depth to take it out to and the depth to push it in to, each stroke stirring my balls even more.

"That's it baby, a little faster now.  Patty needs a nice hard Come..." she said, wrapping her ankles around my neck.  I ground it in more quickly and noticed I could go deeper with her like this, so much so that I had all but an inch in.  I did some quick hard strokes, sending her into wails of ecstacy.  "OH GOD YES!!! Don't STOP!!! MORE, FUCK ME MORE!!!"

I could feel my balls begin to itch, but I thought controlling myself and it seemed to calm down a bit.  i quickened the pace as she thrashed her head back and forth screaming "FUCK ME!!!"  I tipped her legs back even further, to the point where her knees touched her tits and found myself with a little room to spare.  I tried going deeper until I felt my pubic hair mix with hers, our hips slapping together with each long stroke.

"Oh god, again?  OH MY GOD, I'm coming again..don't stop, OH OH OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!" she screamed as I slammed long powerful strokes of my long cock into her slick hot cunt.  I felt an explosion in my balls and lunged into her, spraying hot come all over her cervix.  Patty's eyes rolled back in her head as she continued orgasm after orgasm.  I kept sliding it in and out of her until her breathing came back to normal.  I pulled it out of her, glistening with our mixed fluids.  She whined slightly as the head passed out of the lips of her pussy, her eyes gleaming when she say that it still stood tall and proud.

"Are you still hard Duncan?  Jesus Christ!  I can't take that thing in my pussy again, but OOOOh, I don't want to leave you hard.  That's just not fair!" she pouted.  Her pout turned wicked when she turned over onto her hands and knees.  She put her chest and shoulders on the bed, reaching both hands back for the cheeks of her ass.  She spread them, displaying her puckered brown asshole.  "You came in my mouth, and in my cunt.  Now come in my ass baby."  Her voice dripped with sex as she slid a finger in her pussy, coating it with her juices.  She ran it around the outside of her asshole, coating it with sperm and female juice.  She did this two or three times before sliding in first one finger, then two.  I watched, mesmerized, as she pumped her fingers into her own ass, her breathing quickening, and her body heaving.

"Give it to me baby, stick that fat cock in my ass..." she purred.

Being 16, and not needing to be asked twice, I crawled between her legs, and put my dong at her asshole.  She spread her cheeks wide to help me seat the head at her backdoor.  Pushing slowly, I watched the tip, then more of the helmet until I slid the head in, eliciting a grunt of pleasure/pain from her.  I was moving my hips slowly, pushing in a little at a time when she moaned loudly and lunged back against me, screaming at the top of her lungs.  Shocked that I was buried several inches in Patty's ass, I kept still as she wiggled her ass from side to side, lunging further onto me.  Her cries were wild, loud, and erotic as she would cry out in pain as she lunged, and then ooh and ahh as she wiggled her shapely ass around the prong in her.  My slick cock slid in the last inch with a satisfying slap of thighs and ass, Patty wiggling back and forth.  

"Oooohhhh ohhhhhh Duncan.  That big fucker is all the way in...oh fuck oh fuck, I've never had anything so big in my ass...."

I began to slide it out, causing her to suck air through clenched teeth.  She was fighting her ass muscles to stay relaxed and as I began to slide all the way back in, she seemed to get more control and enjoy it a little more.  After the third stroke, she was encouraging me to move faster.

I could feel one of her hands on her clit and pussy, the other on my balls.  She was thrashing around on the bed uncontrollably, taking turns moaning and screaming wildly.  Looking down at her perfect ass, and my monster cock sliding in and out of her, I realized that my dick was just slick, not dirty.  I was afraid I would have shit all over me, but her ass was just well lubed and primed for fucking.

"I've been coming since you started fucking me, come in my ass baby, PLEEEEEEASE!!!! OH MY GOD, DON'T STOP TILL YOU COME...HARDER! HARDER DUNCAN!  FUCK MY ASS, OH SHIT!" she screamed as I started slamming into her butt.  Our skin made a satisfying slapping sound everytime our pubes crashed together.  I felt the boiling in my nuts again, but this time it seemed more powerful.  I lunged a few final times, feeling the sperm boiling in my nuts.  I roared loudly and lunged deeply into her ass, dumping gallons of sperm into her ass.  She screamed loudly and collapsed across the bed, my hips bucking, growling deeply.  I felt as if I had just ran a marathon and won.

My hips calmed down and my limp penis slid out of her ass.  We both laid there, shuddering in the after glow of hard sex.  It was my first experience, and I had done it all.  She rolled over on her side to face me, her eyes glowing.  "Jesus Duncan, 16 and you are some kinda man.  WHEW!" she whistled, smiling at me.  

"Looks like you got your wish" i gasped, looking down at my dick.  She smiled and rolled off the bed, coming back with a wet washcloth.  I didn't protest as she washed me off, taking a turn at her own ass and thighs.  We were a mess.

"Come on, lets take a shower."
---------------------------
-Geek Writer-
let me know what you think! geek_writer@yahoo.com  The more feedback I get, the more I want to write!

All my stories are here:
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/geekWriter/  