It's Practically What Uncles Are For - Catherine's Epilogue
- an ever so slightly kinky addition to a romantic story by
WTSman

So what happened to Catherine, Hannah, George and Colin? This is
a very special, personal epilogue for a favourite friend. She let
me publish it for all to enjoy. You can read this story
"stand-alone", but it will make much more sense if you read "It's
Practically What Uncles Are For" first.
_________________________________________________

Chapter 1

The phone started ringing just as Hannah had gotten the baby to
sleep. She straightened up her aching back, tiptoed out of the
nursery and hurried - as much as she was able to these days -
towards the phone in the master bedroom, wondering if she would
be too late. But the caller was persistent and Hannah picked up
the phone. "Hamsun - it's Hannah," she said.

"Hannah darling, I'm glad I caught you home," came Joanna's
voice. "How's my God-son doing?"

"Very well, very well indeed," Hannah replied happily. "I just
put him down for a nap. And how is mine?"

"Sean is being a pest!" Joanna said - though very fondly. "He has
swapped day and night in order to have quality time with his dad.
Dave and I both look like death warmed up from lack of sleep.
None of his siblings have ever done this. I swear if he had been
the first he would have been an only child!"

Hannah chuckled. "Just as well you are an old hand at this. I was
stupid enough to think I knew all about babies, being a neo-natal
nurse. Ha! I knew nothing. But Bernhard is really a remarkably
easy baby, George tells me, especially when Colin is around.
Apparently he was a night-owl too."

Joanna laughed too. "Possibly it is just because I'm getting
older; Helen was in her late thirties too when she had Colin.
Stands to reason it can't be as easy as when you were in your mid
twenties."

Hannah agreed. She had never felt uncomfortable talking about her
late aunt and mother of her step-son.

"And is little sister behaving too?" Joanna asked lightly.

"Depends how you define that," Hannah replied. "She is very
active and I am big as a barn even if there are nearly two months
to go - always provided the scanning was accurate. We have
frankly no idea when we made her. Or how for that matter. I've
been breastfeeding Bernhard around the clock, so pregnancy was
supposed to be impossible."

"Sweetheart you always know how babies are made," Joanna teased.
"And it would just seem you are incredibly fertile if full
breastfeeding couldn't suppress your ovulation."

"True," Hannah agreed. "And at least they shan't be Irish twins."

"No, that's right," Joanna said. "But otherwise, it is a jolly
good thing you get them so quickly in succession - George is not
exactly young, is he?"

Hannah agreed. Her husband was past 50, but sometimes she was
amazed by his stamina - both in bed (she felt herself getting wet
just from the thought) and out; he seemed much more capable of
handling a sleepless night than she did; when Bernhard cut his
first teeth recently it was George who took care of him through
the night.

"And you're sure it's a girl?" Joanna asked.

"Positive," Hannah replied. "It was a high-resolution scan to
determine how far along I was and you could see everything, as in
everything. It's girl all right. I've started shopping for pink!"

"Have you thought of a name for her yet?" Joanna asked

"I wanted to call her Helen, but George wasn't quite ready for
that," Hannah replied. "And he feared his daughters might be
upset."

"Hmm, yes, that's a point," Joanna conceded. She had been Helen's
closest friend and heartbroken when she died. "What names did he
suggest then?"

"Quite a few, actually - and many of them are lovely, so I said
we'd just have to keep on making babies until we've used them
all," Hannah chuckled, "but our current favourite is Elizabeth."

"Yes, that is lovely," Joanna said. "One of Dave's sisters is
called Elizabeth. If Sean had been a girl we might have named her
Elizabeth."


They talked for a while. Despite the age difference they had
always found it easy to talk. Having babies at the same time
obviously provided an almost endless number of subjects, but they
also talked about lots of other things.

"So anyway, "Joanna said half an hour later, "I have a favour to
ask. It's Fiona's Ballet in Brighton this weekend again. Sean is
coming, of course and so is Liam for once, but Catherine is, if
possible, less keen to go this year than ever before."

"And you still don't want her to spend the weekend with Thomas?"
Hannah asked in a teasing voice.

"Actually, I would have OK'ed that. She's 15 now and on the pill
after all, but no - that's not an option. It came to a crashing
halt a couple of weeks ago. Apparently the young man got tired of
waiting and started being pushy, so Catherine sent him packing."

"That was very mature of her," Hannah said with approval.

"That's what I told her too," Joanna agreed, "As I said, she's
15, but I swear she is more mature than Thomas' 18. It was like
he had stalled at wherever he was so she simply outgrew him."

"Was she very upset?" Hannah asked.

"Not really," Joanna replied. "Mainly angry. And slightly
bemused. She told me she was slowly coming round to the idea of
being ready to take it to the next level, but then he jumped the
gun. It's like he would have gotten what he wanted if he had
waited just a little longer."

"Serves him right," Hannah said with a laugh. "Pushy boys only
deserve dates with their right hands."

Joanna laughed too. "True! Anyway," she added, "I know you have a
baby and another one very nearly there and all, but could you
possibly manage to have Catherine this weekend?"

"We'd love to have her. She is never any trouble, quite the
opposite - she is so sweet and helpful," Hannah said. "And she
would be a real help this weekend; George will be in Norway - he
leaves tomorrow - so it's only Colin and Bernhard and me."

"Fine," Joanna said. "We'll drop in on the way to Brighton on
Saturday morning. It will be fairly early, I fear."

"No worries," Hannah said. "Catherine is unlikely to faint from
seeing us in our PJs."

"Hardly!" Joanna agreed drily. "She was never one to be shy."

"No, shy she's not," Hannah agreed - from personal experience.
"Colin used to be, but he is getting less so. Oh, and by the way:
You will eat with us Sunday evening, right?"

"We don't want to put you out," Joanna faltered.

"Rubbish!" Hannah replied. "We're going to eat anyway. Please do
stay."

"We'd love to," Joanna agreed gratefully and ended the call.


Chapter 2

When Dave and Joanna delivered a bleary eyed Catherine on
Saturday morning Hannah and Colin were up, but they were indeed
still in PJs. Colin was sitting in the kitchen feeding his little
brother baby-porridge but got up when Hannah and Catherine
entered. "There was a rumbling from his stomach just now," Colin
said, "followed by that sound in his nappy. I'll go change him."

"Thanks sweetheart," Hannah said. "Catherine and I will fix
breakfast."

"Yuck," Catherine said. "I just lost my appetite."

"Don't worry," Hannah said. "We're not serving pumpkin soup."

Catherine turned almost green. "I'm not so sure I want babies
anymore. It was bad enough when they are breastfed only, but when
Mum started Sean on solids it got even worse."

"Honey, once you have your own babies you won't mind," Hannah
said.

They got breakfast ready - Catherine had been too sleepy to eat
when they got up back in London, so she was hungry too. Colin
deftly ate his breakfast while spoon feeding his little brother
at the same time, giving Hannah a chance to eat and relax.
Catherine caught herself studying Colin with renewed interest. He
was almost exactly 9 months younger than her - the joke was
George and Helen had come to see Catherine when new-born and had
gone straight back to the hotel to make Colin. But over summer he
had outgrown her by nearly a head. She glanced at his PJ bottoms
that seemed fairly tight; it was obviously not only in height he
had grown. He was completely flaccid she could tell - but packing
more volume than her ex boyfriend. Much more. She realised that
Hannah was looking at where she was looking and blushed. Luckily
Colin didn't notice and Hannah only winked but didn't comment.


After breakfast Catherine looked after Bernhard while Hannah had
a shower and Colin got dressed. The little boy was around 3
months younger than her youngest brother but not much smaller -
and he was at that happy-go-lucky age where any 'adult' will do,
so he was quite content to be with Catherine. When his little
hand fondled her breast she got goose bumps all over. He was
clearly 'searching'. "I haven't got anything for you in my boobs
little man," she said fondly and successfully distracted him with
a rattle.

Hannah and Colin reappeared almost simultaneously. They just hung
out all morning, talking about this and that. Catherine got Colin
to tell about his school - an exceedingly expensive and
prestigious school nearby. "Do you like it?" Catherine asked
point-blank.

"Oh yeah, I like it," Colin said with conviction. "It's a bit
strange having no girls there except the 6th formers, but
otherwise I like it well enough."

"So you never see like, any girls your own age?" Catherine asked.

"Oh, I do - there are quiet a few in the village and plenty where
I dance. I think there must be five girls for every boy," Colin
replied with a smug grin.

"You dance?" Catherine asked - there were obviously a lot of
things she didn't know about Colin.

"And how!" Hannah interjected. "The Hamsun men are fabulous
dancers. The girls at the dance studio fight over Colin!"

"Oh!" Catherine said, slightly disconcerted that she wouldn't be
nearly as much of a rarity in Colin's eyes as she had expected.

She led the conversation back to the school. "Is it very swotty?"
she asked

"Fairly - people seem pretty focused," Colin replied. "So unlike
my old school in Oslo where it was considered uncool to have done
your homework!"

"And how are you doing?" she asked. Colin was completely
bilingual, but he had only started school in England a little
over a year ago and Catherine thought it would be difficult. "I'm
doing OK," Colin said modestly.

"By 'OK' Colin means he aces every test and gets top grades in
every subject except written English - and the latter is
improving all the time," his proud step-mother - and second
cousin incidentally - interjected.

"Speaking of which," Colin said with a grin, "I have an English
essay I need to write. I'd better get started."

He got up and went upstairs to his room. Both Hannah and
Catherine were following him with their eyes. "You know," Hannah
said. "A year ago he would have blushed and stuttered when
praised. Now he just grins."

"Yeah, he seems to have matured a lot," Catherine said. "Unlike
some..."

"Your mother told me you and Thomas split up," Hannah said
catching the drift. "What happened?"

"Oh, I don't know. Thomas was pestering me all the time,"
Catherine said. "I mean, OK, it's fine being desired and all
that, but I wanted to be ready before we went further and he
wasn't willing to wait."

"Boys can be less mature, you know," Hannah said, "and they do
tend to think with their balls - particularly when they want the
pressure off."

"Oh, I took his pressure off all right," Catherine retorted. "I
just didn't let it get in me. He more or less said that if I
wouldn't let him fuck me, or at least suck him then I didn't
really love him."

"Bollocks!" Hannah said. "I hope you told him that was crap!"

"I didn't," Catherine said triumphantly. "I told him he was
right."

"Huh?" Hannah said.

"Yes, that's exactly what Thomas said too," Catherine chuckled.
"I mean, he was right, in that I didn't really love him. And then
I asked him to leave."

"Way to go girl!" Hannah said in admiration. She wished she'd
been as assertive with boys when she was Catherine's age - or
even five years older as she was when she got caught up with
Greg, her only ever ex-boyfriend. "But don't you miss him?" she
added.

"Not really," Catherine replied. "He was an OK kisser, though
nowhere near as good as you." That made Hannah blush, remembering
that weekend two years ago. "Besides, as I said, I got him off on
a regular basis - making one heck of a mess, I might add, but he
never managed to get me anywhere near coming. The first few times
he touched me was exciting, but he was just too clumsy to make it
pleasant and too proud to take instructions."

"God, can I relate," Hannah said. "Greg was hopeless. I thought
there was something wrong with me. Not anymore."

"George is that good?" Catherine grinned.

"And how!" Hannah blushed again. "The first time I thought my
skull was going to blow off. It still feels that way!"

"Well, good for you!" Catherine said and the conversation turned
to other matters.


Chapter 3

They only saw Colin for lunch - with his phenomenal growth rate
he was a voracious eater. But as far as Catherine could see it
all got converted to height and muscle; there wasn't an ounce of
fat on him. Once more he managed to feed his little brother while
eating himself, leaving Hannah free to have her meal. It was a
difficult job; Bernhard seemed fussy all of a sudden, but Colin
persisted with infinite care and patience. 'He'd make a great
dad,' Catherine thought, then blushed as she once more noted
Hannah watching her watching Colin.

Colin returned to his essay while Hannah and Catherine took
Bernhard out in the pram to get him to sleep. They met up with
the neighbour, Irene Phillips, who was out on a similar errand
with her two kids who were only just over a year apart in age

Irene Phillips hero-worshipped Hannah - the older woman was
convinced that her little boy owed his life and health to
Hannah's care. That success in turn had given her and her husband
the courage to try for a sibling. She had been pregnant with her
little girl while Hannah was pregnant with Bernhard and they had
grown very close. She took a keen interest in her young neighbour
and knew all about her friends and extended family. "Hello
Hannah," she said brightly, "and hello Catherine. How is your
little brother?"

Catherine was slightly taken back - she had only ever talked to
the woman once (at George and Hannah's wedding) and was amazed
that she would remember her name. But Catherine was very polite.
"How do you do. He is very well, thank you." That answer would
cover both her brothers; Sean hadn't even been born when she last
spoke to Mrs. Phillips.

"Sean would be around 3 months older than Bernhard wouldn't he?"
Irene Phillips inquired, thus establishing which brother she was
talking about. Catherine deducted - correctly - that Hannah must
have given Mrs. Phillips regular updates about her family.

"Yes he is, but Bernhard is nearly as big as he is," Catherine
said, demonstrating social skills and graces unusual for her age.

Irene Phillips positively beamed. "That would be Hannah's super
cream!" she said

"Indeed," Catherine said - feeling slightly warm in her cheeks
and unaccountably wet in her crotch.

They walked down to the village, circumnavigated the church and
the pond and returned with 3 sleeping infants not half an hour
later. Hannah and Catherine declined an invitation for tea but
accepted one for morning coffee the following day. Baby
Bernhard's pram got 'parked' in a sheltered spot in the garden,
the wireless 'baby spy' was switched on and Hannah Catherine
flopped down in the sofas in the living room and continued
chatting.

They had only been talking for about half an hour when a fitful
wail was heard from the 'baby spy' receiver. "Damn," Hannah said
softly. "That wasn't nearly long enough little man. He's a little
unsettled - he had his MMR jab yesterday."

"He seemed fine enough this morning," Catherine said.

"Oh, he's not ill as such, but he usually gets a little unsettled
a day or so after the jabs," Hannah explained.

"What do you do about it?" Catherine asked as they were walking
quickly out to the pram.

"Easy!" Hannah said as she picked up the crying baby with a
grunt. "My 'super cream' usually does the trick."


Back in the living room, Hannah quickly and expertly unbuttoned
the front of her dress, opened her straining nursing bra and had
the baby latched on in seconds.

Catherine was staring mesmerised. She knew it was just feeding a
baby. She'd seen her mother feed her brother hundreds of times
and never thought twice about that. But this whole scene was
intensely erotic to her and she felt her panties getting
drenched. Her mouth felt dry and she struggled to moisten it
enough to speak. "How, um, how does it feel, um nursing I mean?"
she asked. Her face started to feel warm.

"That depends on which of my boys it is," Hannah said with a
glint in her eye.

"Does Colin?" Catherine blurted out, shocked to her core. She
stopped herself abruptly when she saw the amusement in Hannah's
face.

"No silly," Hannah laughed. "He's 14, he's my second cousin and
I'm married to his father."

'Of course - George!' Catherine's cheeks were burning now; she
was sure she must be scarlet with embarrassment. "Sorry!" she
mumbled, looking down.

"That's OK," Hannah said with a little laugh. "Anyway, when
Bernhard feeds it is very, very nice. It makes me feel so close
to him and it is quite pleasant. OK, not so when he just cut his
teeth - I had to teach him not to bite, but that was easy
enough."

"But George?" Catherine whispered looking up again.

"George can make me come just from suckling on my breasts,"
Hannah said, looking Catherine straight in the eyes. "He always
could - right from the start, but since I started having milk in
them I've been getting major orgasms that way. Massive orgasms."

Catherine felt her secretions running down her inner thighs. She
was horny out of her mind. Bernhard meanwhile, oblivious to the
world around him, had fallen asleep again. "Oh you little monkey;
that wasn't much of a feed!" Hannah exclaimed. Addressed to
Catherine she said "I am so full it is uncomfortable. And he just
got my milk to let-down." She opened the bra cup to her other
breast, removed a soaked nursing-pad and Catherine watched in
fascination as milk was dripping from the nipple in a slow
stream. She involuntarily licked her lips

Hannah had looked up and caught the movement. "Would you like to
try?" she asked.

Shyly Catherine nodded. In a trance she moved across the room.
She barely sensed that Hannah put the sleeping baby down on the
sofa, securing him with a pillow. Catherine knelt down in front
of Hannah and tried to find a suitable position. The mechanics
was a challenge. "Lie on the sofa and across my lap." Hannah said
huskily. Catherine complied, her head resting on Hannah's large
belly and her mouth just in front of the large dripping nipple.
Her mouth opened and she started sucking. Nothing came. "Use you
tongue to milk it out," Hannah said.

Tentatively Catherine massaged the breast below the nipple with
her tongue, rediscovering something she hadn't done in fourteen
years. She was rewarded with a mouth full of warm sweet milk -
and an overpowering sensation in her groin. She quickly
established a rhythm that gave her mouthful after mouthful of
milk. It was like her vagina was pulsing in sync with her mouth.
She wasn't exactly coming, but she was at a plateau of intense
pleasure.

If Catherine wasn't coming, Hannah was - she was coming up a
storm and had to restrain herself from screaming. Her hand found
Catherine's crotch, moved aside the soaked panties and zeroed in
on her young friend's clit. After just a few gentle stokes
Catherine exploded in a violent orgasm making her panties, if
possible, even wetter. Throughout the whole experience, she
didn't stop suckling until Hannah's breast was empty.

"Thank you Sweetheart; I needed that!" Hannah said. If she meant
emptying the breast or the bone-shattering orgasm wasn't
immediately clear.

"Thank you," Catherine replied. "It was wonderful." Her answer
was ambiguous too. She could have meant the milk, but the orgasm
- her first from anyone else but herself - had nearly make her
pass out. "I hope I'm not depriving Bernhard," she added.

"No fear - it is 'supply and demand', you know," Hannah reassured
her. "Besides my right breast is still fairly full - he really
didn't take very much."

Catherine nodded and got up, suddenly mindful that she might be
squashing Hannah. "I really need some dry panties and perhaps
another skirt," she said with a little smile. 'And perhaps also
cool down a little,' she thought.

"Sure," Hannah said. "I'll see if I can get Bernhard back to his
pram - he really needs to sleep some more.


Chapter 4

Coming from the bright living room into the dark hall, Catherine
was momentarily unable to see well - and collided with Colin. She
gasped. The shock made her actually wet herself. Only a little,
but a squirt escaped her bladder. Before she got annoyed or even
embarrassed, she realised it would hardly have made any
difference to the state of her panties or her skirt. The thought
made her chuckle.

That sound surprised Colin who was feeling more than a little
guilty from having observed the scene through the partly open
door. "What did it taste like?" he blurted out.

An evasive answer would neither be dignified nor convincing,
Catherine decided, so she told the exact truth. "Sweet. Warm and
sweet."

"Not my thing then," he said in an off-hand way. "I'm not keen on
warm milk."

"OK then," a bewildered Catherine said.  "Um, Colin?" she started

"Yes?" he said.

"You're not going to tell anyone, are you?" Catherine asked.

Colin looked at her without understanding. "Why would I tell
anyone?"

Catherine didn't realise that Colin had only seen her mouth on
Hannah's breast - and only briefly, not Hannah's hand in her
crotch. "It could be kind of embarrassing," she faltered.

Colin smiled. "I was curious too; that could also be embarrassing
if anyone knew. So we shan't tell."

"OK," Catherine said. Her eyes had adjusted to the light. She was
looking down and could now see that Colin's pants - a pair of
sweat pants - were grotesquely tented out. Her poor panties
received another flow of moisture. 'God, he is huge!' Catherine
thought. Afterwards she didn't know what devil possessed her -
she ran her hand over Colin's massive hard-on. "No Colin, we
shan't tell."

His erection got, if anything, even harder from that. Colin's
knees nearly buckled. They both fled upstairs to their respective
rooms; Catherine to find some dry clothes and Colin to find
distraction from his hard-on in a mind-numbingly boring essay.

He was working on it when Hannah appeared with a glass of milk
and a plate of biscuits. "Did you leave these in the hall?" she
asked.

"Oh yeah, I must have forgotten them," Colin said sheepishly. He
had gone down to get a snack and was on the way back up when he
observed parts of the little scene in the living room.

"Jeez. Is it you or me who is distracted by pregnancy?" his step
mother teased.

Colin laughed, "I hope the milk is still cold," he said. "I don't
like warm milk."

Hannah made some vague answer; the seemingly innocent observation
had certain ramifications.


The rest of the afternoon was uneventful. Catherine returned to
the living room to find Hannah and a large pot of tea. They
chatted on; there was no embarrassment between them, but the
episode was not mentioned. When Bernhard awoke after a
respectable sleep, he was more his usual self and had a good feed
from his mother.

Sometime after 5 Colin reappeared declaring his essay finished.
He entertained his little brother while Hannah and Catherine
cooked dinner. Catherine was frequently sneaking peeks at Colin.
He was just so incredibly sweet to the little boy. At one stage
he had Bernhard sitting on his hip while expertly setting the
table with his free hand. He caught her looking once and sent her
a blazing smile that made her feel warm all over.

After dinner they watched a film. Colin good-naturedly accepted
that Hannah and Catherine were chick-flick fiends; the compromise
was a romantic comedy with equal emphasis on romance and comedy
and they all thoroughly enjoyed themselves. Bernhard happily
circulated between the three 'adults' but eventually 'fell asleep
at the tit', as Hannah expressed it, just as the film was
finishing. Acting on the principle that you should 'sleep when
the baby does' she went to bed but told Catherine and Colin they
could watch more films if they wanted to - no one had to get up
early for anything tomorrow; morning coffee with Irene was at 11
and Bernhard would ensure they were up long before that.

Colin and Catherine decided to carry on. They choose a thriller
that Catherine hadn't seen before. The suspense made her snuggle
up closely to Colin, mashing her breasts into him. That -
predictably - made his hard-on return, but Catherine neither
commented nor repeated the touching. She did notice, however,
which caused the second pair of drench panties that day.

'This is weird,' she thought. 'I've known him always - he's been
like a cousin, really. And I'm older than him, but suddenly he's
a hunk!' She realised Colin was talking to her and snapped back
with a "Huh?"

"I asked if you wanted to see any more films," Colin repeated
patiently, then grinned. "I guess not. There's a sequel to this
one, but it's not nearly as good."

"No, I think it's time to go to bed - I was up pretty early and I
want to have a shower," Catherine replied.

"Fine," he said. "A shower sounds like a good idea."

She extricated herself from him and he stood up. The tent in his
trousers was very prominent, but he didn't seem embarrassed by it
and did nothing to hide it.

"Good night Colin," Catherine said softly and gave him a quick
peck on the cheek - a famous first occasion.

"Good night Catherine," Colin replied with a sweet smile. "I'll
clear this up;" - he pointed at the cups and plates on the coffee
table - "you go ahead and shower first." There were actually two
bathrooms upstairs, but one was en-suite to the master bedroom
and next to the nursery, so that was out of bounds.

'Always sweet, polite and considerate,' Catherine thought. 'And
tall and good looking and a good dancer - no wonder the girls at
the dance studio fight over him!'  She was standing in the
shower, letting the plentiful water warm her through. She had
washed her short dark blond hair - and her sparse, well-trimmed
pubic and she took very good care to ensure she was very clean
'down there'.

Reluctantly she switched off the shower and dried her self
vigorously. She realised she hadn't brought her nightdress; she
felt disinclined to put on her day clothes again and decided just
to wrap herself in a towel. She opened the door - and ran
straight into Colin, causing the knot on the towel to loosen so
it slid down over her breasts and onto the floor.

There she stood, naked as the day she was born, looking at the
tall handsome boy who was dressed in nothing but a pair of
boxer-shorts. "Oops!" he said with a little smile, deftly swept
the towel up from the floor and covered her breasts and groin
with it with something that felt perilously close to a caress.
"I'm sorry; I didn't know you were still here."

"That's OK," Catherine said. She repeated it a few times before
she finally had sufficient control of herself to redo the knot in
the towel and walk to her room. She was intensely aware that the
towel was too short to cover all of her 'naughty bits'. She could
almost sense Colin's eyes on her naked bum. She had seen his
impressive dick starting to swell in those loose boxers. All her
drying had been in vain; she could feel moisture spread down her
thighs.


Chapter 5

She tried to get Colin out of her head. She tried to read a book.
She tried to think about the afternoon's episode with Hannah. It
didn't work. 'I used to be in love with his father,' she thought.
'Of course that would never work - it's embarrassing even to
think about it now, but Colin is every bit is wonderful as his
dad - and much more in my league.'

Without really noticing she had started masturbating. She pulled
her hand away. 'So why don't I do something about it?' she
thought, got up, crossed her room, walked down the corridor to
Colin's room and entered without knocking.

Colin had just returned from the bathroom, put on his PJs and
slipped into bed. He was just going to switch off his bedside
lamp when Catherine entered the room. In a fluid motion, she took
her nightdress off, pulled Colin's covers back and crawled into
bed with him. He had instinctively moved over to make room for
her, but she pulled him back on top of her and kissed him
forcefully. She separated his lips with her tongue and when he
opened his mouth her tongue darted into his, only to be turned
back to her mouth by his tongue.

The kiss went on forever. He was a spectacular kisser. She could
feel his straining dick against her abdomen and she was sure he
could smell her arousal. When they finally broke the kiss she
pulled his head down to her breasts. "I know you don't like warm
milk," she said huskily, but these boobs can be licked and
suckled without spraying."

Without hesitation he 'set to work' on her breasts. His licking,
sucking and gentle nibbling set her on fire. OK, she might not be
able to reach a climax from it, but it was certainly pushing her
in that direction. She so wanted to come - and was wondering how
she could get him to stimulate her pussy manually - when he
stopped licking her breasts and started moving downwards. He
licked her belly-button which tickled and made her giggle, but
soon after he moved further down. He reached her mons and gently
pried her legs apart with his hands. 'My God he's going to lick
my pussy!' Catherine thought. 'Thomas would never do that.'

Colin would - and he did it spectacularly well. He had his long
agile tongue run the length of her pussy, then penetrated her
vagina, then circled her clit, then repeated. Slowly the circling
around her clit got closer and closer, longer and longer. Finally
he zeroed in on it and rolled it between his lips. Hannah had
said it felt like her head was going to explode with George.
Catherine could totally relate. She came with a long piercing
howl - spasm after spasm originated in her vagina and spread out
through her entire body; she felt like her brain was melting
down.

Colin was unprepared for the howl and instinctively stopped his
oral assault on Catherine's sex. Which was just as well; she was
in sensory overload and could take no more. It only took Colin a
few seconds to realise that Catherine was feeling better than she
ever had in her entire life and he felt quite smug. He planted
little butterfly kisses all over Catherine's pussy until she
gently moved his head away. "No more Colin, no more. I can take
no more. Oh wow, oh wow, oh wow!"


Hannah - who had been deeply asleep - got woken by the howl.
Disoriented and confused she wanted to rush to Catherine's aid
when she realised that the sound came from Colin's room.
Comprehension of the nature of the sound slowly dawned. 'Like
father, like son!' she thought and chuckled inwardly. 'I can't
even complain - George and I kept Colin awake many times before
we moved down here.' She found - with some difficulty - a
comfortable way to lie and tried to fall asleep again.


Chapter 6

"I guess you liked that," a bemused Colin was saying to Catherine
when her incoherent babbling had ceased and her breathing
returned to normal.

"And how!" Catherine exclaimed. "I've never felt anything like
it! Where on earth did you learn to do that?"

"In Scotland," Colin replied with a small smile.

That answer completely threw Catherine. "Huh?" she gaped.

"In Scotland," Colin repeated.

"Sorry, I don't get it," Catherine said.

Colin relented. "I spent part of the summer up in the Scottish
highlands with Quentin's family. You remember Quentin, don't
you?"

"Your tutor?" Catherine asked.

"That's the one!" Colin confirmed. "They have a manor up there -
his parents are very wealthy."

"I still don't get it," Catherine started.

"Quentin has a sister," Colin said patiently. "Well he has
several, but he has a sister called Aileana. She's our age - much
younger than her siblings - and she was, you know, curious. About
boys, I mean."

"Curious huh?" Catherine said. "Was she your girlfriend?"

"No, we both knew that was a non-starter," Colin said. "But we
spent a lot of time together."

"As in?" Catherine demanded.

"As in together in bed. With no clothes on," Colin said simply.
"She taught me what she liked and I taught her what I liked and
we had a great time."

"Bet you did!" Catherine said - more than a little jealous.

"Oh yes we did," Colin grinned. "And Aileana taught me where and
how a girl likes to be licked. Of course I couldn't know if all
girls liked to be licked in the same way. But I got the
impression that you have similar likes."

"As in?" Catherine asked again.

"Well, you kind of made it clear you liked it. Aileana was never
that vocal. Wouldn't have been good if she was; her house may be
huge, but her bedroom was right next door to her parents' you
know," Colin replied.

"Was I very loud?" Catherine asked, starting to feel warm in her
face.

"Let's just say we're lucky Bernhard didn't wake up!"

"Oh God, do you think Hannah heard us?" Catherine asked with a
blush.

"I'm certain Hannah heard 'us' - she's a very light sleeper,"
Colin replied. "I think most mothers are."

Catherine's blush spread all the way down her neck. She was
silent for a while.

"Tell me more about this Aileana girl - what did she do to you?"
Catherine asked as they snuggled up closely. "Like, did she let
you, you know, get into her?"

"No, we didn't do that," Colin replied. "I don't think we were
ready for that and besides we didn't have any, you know,
protection. She kind of freaked out the first time she made me,
you know, come - it splattered all over her crotch."

"We wouldn't have to worry about that," Catherine said. "I'm on
the pill you know."

"Well, Aileana wasn't, and she wasn't too keen to have, my, you
know, goo, all over her bed either," Colin continued, "so we
found another solution."

"What was that?" Catherine asked - her hand was now playing with
Colin's erection through his PJ pants.

"Aileana used her mouth too," Colin said.

"She gave you a blow-job?" Catherine asked?

"Many blow-jobs," Colin said. "She got really good at it after a
while."

"I don't know that I could do that," Catherine said so quietly
she had to repeat it.

"I would never ask you to do something you don't like!" Colin
replied aghast.

"But I want to," Catherine said - making up her mind. "Just tell
me if I don't do it right."

She tugged at Colin's PJ pants and got them off with some
difficulty. She scooted down and got to look at Colin's dick up
close. "It looks so different from Thomas'," she said. "It is
much bigger for starters, but the shape is also different. And
it's like you have some skin he didn't have." She tentatively
moved Colin's foreskin up over the frenulum which nearly made him
come then and there.

"Could be he is circumcised - then that skin is missing," Colin
said with a gasp.

"Oh, yes, perhaps that's it," Catherine said, recalling random
information gathered during Sex Ed classes long ago. She gathered
courage, stuck out her tongue and licked the small drop of clear
liquid gathered at the tip. The liquid wasn't yuck and Colin
himself tasted nice and clean, but then he'd had a shower
recently just like herself. She took the plunge, opened her mouth
wide and engulfed the entire head of Colin's dick. She felt him
shudder and heard him groan in pleasure. Thus encouraged she
moved her mouth up and down - accidentally scraping her teeth
over the swollen head.

Colin didn't exactly yelp, put he winced in a drawn out hiss and
Catherine immediately opened her mouth and withdrew. "Sorry," she
said. Tears were forming in her eyes. "Did I do something wrong?"
She felt incredible vulnerable.

"No, no, it was fine - just be careful with your teeth," he
panted. "The head is just as sensitive as your clit when you have
gotten me this excited," Colin added, gently stroking her hair
and trying to sound as soothing as possible. "If you just use
your lips and tongue then it'll be fantastic."

Catherine tried again. She moved Colin's foreskin forth and back
over the base of his dick head with her lips and the sounds
coming from Colin assured her she was on the right track. 'Lips
and tongue he said,' she thought. 'OK.' She let her tongue play
with that spot on the underside of the dick that she had touched
before.

The stimulation of his frenulum set Colin off. Already at
trigger-point, he exploded in a series of strong ejaculations
before he could say a single word of warning. Catherine was taken
by surprise, but she managed to swallow it all. It wasn't easy,
but it didn't make her gag and the real deal wasn't yuck like she
had feared it would be.

She kept licking and sucking, but he gently stopped her. "Please,
no more. It's just like your clit. Once I've come, it gets very
sensitive," he said, pulling her back up in his arms and
embracing her.

"Did I do OK?" she asked. He could see the insecurity in her eyes
and hear it in her voice.

"OK? It was fantastic!" he replied.

"Was I as good as Aileana?" she asked in a small voice.

He looked her in the eyes. "Catherine, it was so much better.
There is no comparison."

"How so?" Catherine asked - pleased but confused.

"With Aileana it was just fun." Colin explained. "She and I were
friends. In Scandinavia it's called bollevenner - friends that
have sex and nothing more. But with you? That is completely
different."

Catherine started to get the drift "Why?" she asked - felling all
giddy.

Colin took the plunge. "Because I love you!"

Getting the drift is one thing. Getting the full truth in simple,
clear and unmistakable words is indeed completely different.
Catherine was crying and laughing and trying to speak and kiss
all at the same time. "Oh Colin, I love you too!" she finally
managed.

They kissed and hugged and cuddled again. "How long have you, I
mean," Catherine started but trailed off again.

"Loved you?" Colin completed the question for her. "For the
longest time - ever since before we moved to England."

"Like all the time I was with Thomas?" she asked.

"Yes," he said with emphasis. "So I knew I didn't stand a
chance."

"I wish I'd known," she said.

"You may not have wanted me - I was just a kid then; I had some
growing to do," he said with a remarkable maturity.

"And grown you have!" Catherine said with a grin, fondling his
slowly re-hardening dick.

She looked him in the eye. "Colin," she whispered. "I think I'm
ready."

Colin's dick hardened in record time. Catherine rolled over on
her back, spread her legs and pulled Colin over on top of her.
"Get that PJ top off," she said huskily. "I want to see and feel
all of you."


She guided him in. It hurt a little like she had expected but not
much. The sensation of being full was fantastic. After some
fumbling and giggling they established a rhythm and it started to
feel really good. It was at the back of her mind that Colin would
last longer because of the blow job. Then there were no more
thoughts. The exploding head feeling was suddenly over her as the
climax shook her entire body.

Colin's mouth muffled her screams. The sensation of her tight yet
silky soft, moist and warm vagina around his dick had been
stunning - even better than her lips. When her vagina started to
ripple and contract around him he came and came and came,
shouting his own joy into her mouth.


Chapter 7

She was a little sore when they woke the next morning - still in
a close embrace, so she played with his morning wood with her
hands and brought him off. The amount of ejaculate astonished
her. This kind of 'milk' was clearly 'supply and demand' too. She
mentally sympathised with Aileana worrying about having it in her
bed.

Colin at least partly read her thoughts. "I think we'd better
shower this morning," he said with goofy grin.

"Together?" she asked playfully.

"Deal!" he said.

They washed each other very thoroughly. Then Colin brought
Catherine off orally, still in the shower. They discovered why
people sing in the bathroom - the noise was impressive.

They went down to the kitchen hand in hand. Hannah was making
breakfast, having secured Bernhard in a baby chair. Colin picked
him up and started feeding him baby-porridge. Catherine spoke out
loud what she'd been thinking the day before. "He'd make a great
dad!" she said to Hannah.

"Yes," Hannah agreed. "But not anytime soon! You'd better not
forget your pill this morning." There was a knowing smile on her
face.

"Nooo, that would be a poor idea," Catherine agreed.

"I take it we can leave Catherine's bedding on until next time
she visits?" Hannah said lightly.

"Yup," Colin said - completely without embarrassment. "But I need
some clean sheets. I'll change them later."

"I wondered if you two would work it out," Hannah said.

"We did!" Colin replied.

"Yes, so I heard," Hannah grinned. Catherine coloured up
slightly, but she was too happy to be really embarrassed.


The day was happy but relatively uneventful. They all went over
to Irenes for morning coffee. Colin's presence intrigued their
host, but she was pleased to see how he interacted with the
babies.

Irene's 'morning coffee' was substantial so they skipped lunch.
Mid afternoon they started cooking and had a fabulous meal ready
when Catherine's parents and younger siblings arrived.

As usual Fiona had a lot to tell about the ballet. As usual they
let her. And as usual Dave and Joanna asked how things had been
for Catherine - and for Hannah, Colin and Bernhard.

"We had a very nice time," Catherine said and explained about the
walks and the morning coffee and generally just hanging out.

"And Catherine got herself a boyfriend," Hannah teased.

"Did too!" Catherine said happily. "And this time I won't need
parental approval."

Joanna's raised eyebrows in direction of Colin were met by a
barely perceptible nod from her oldest daughter. Joanna smiled
widely. There was something about Catherine she couldn't quite
place, but she looked incredibly happy. Fiona got the hunch last
and had a sinking feeling which was reflected in her face, but
she didn't say anything.  Dave didn't get it but this time knew
enough not to ask.

He didn't have to. When the family left for London, Catherine
gave Colin a toe-curling kiss in the hall. Fiona stormed out to
the car.


"You needed some fresh sheets?" Hannah said, appearing with them
in Colin's room a little later - Bernhard had let himself be put
to bed.

"Yes I do," he said and stripped his bed.

Hannah noted the red stains. "Her first time huh?"

"Mine too," he smiled.

"It sounded like she liked it," Hannah grinned.

"Yeah," Colin agreed while he methodically redid his bed. "I
guess she did. I liked it too!"

Hannah gave Colin a quick kiss. "Keep on being good to her; she
means a lot to me."

"I know," Colin said.

"And to your dad too," Hannah added.

Colin smiled a little crooked smile. "I know."

Hannah gathered up the stained sheets. "I think they need to soak
with a stain remover for a while. I'll take care of them."

"Thanks," Colin said. "If you don't mind I think I'll go to bed.
I was going to wait up until Dad came home, but I'm bushed."

"That's OK. You have a long school week ahead," Hannah said and
bestowed her step son with another caress before leaving.


"How have you all been?" George asked when his mouth was
available for talking.

"Fine, just fine," Hannah replied happily. She had gone to bed
but stayed awake. "We missed you terribly, but it was a nice
weekend."

"Oh yes, Catherine was here, wasn't she?" George said, while
undressing quickly and methodically.

"Yes!" Hannah said with emphasis. "Joanna and Dave and the kids
all came for dinner. But they left several hours ago. And the
boys are both asleep."

"And how's my little man?" George asked fondly. "Did he react to
the MMR jab?"

"Well, he was not himself on Saturday," Hannah said. "He didn't
want to eat much, leaving me with bursting boobs." She indicated
said boobs.

"A pity I wasn't there to help," her husband said, rolling her
nipples and making them leak.

"Catherine took care of that little detail," Hannah said
neutrally, as she lay down on the bed again.

"Did she now?" George said with interest - both clear in his
voice and in his dick which was now at full mast. "Is she into
girls again now that she chucked out the lad?"

"I think she - we - always will be to some extent and she
certainly was during Saturday afternoon," Hannah said musingly,
"but by nightfall she was very much into boys. Or should I say
boys were into her, courtesy of your son."

George had nodded understanding to the first part, but the last
part surprised him. "Colin?" he asked in astonishment.

"Yes, Colin," Hannah said. "And he was so good at it he made her
scream the house down. She spent the night in his bed."

"Good for them!" George said with emphasis.

"Indeed," Hannah agreed. "But that leaves all the excess milk for
you."

George didn't answer. He was busy suckling said excess. Hannah
could feel the orgasm approaching. It was going to be a big one.
Little sister was in for a tight squeeze.


THE END
