Author: Zorlond
Title: Grand Ted
Part: Chapter 7
Summary: A 13-year-old boy named Ted has just moved to a new house, and discovers a magical surprise in the basement. Let the temptations begin.
Keywords: mf, teen, exhibitionism, casual public sex


Chapter 7 - Seconds

-----

Chantelle perked up visibly when Ted brought out his notebook and opened it to his wish notes. Turning to sit on the edge of the bed, she made room for Ted as he sat down next to her. "Wow," she said, glancing at all the various scrawls on the page. "You really have been thinking about this."

"Yeah," Ted said, "I didn't really want a repeat... of last time. You know." Chantelle nodded, smiling gently. Focusing on the paper again, Ted asked, "You remember after that, though, when I brought you out to talk? You ducked off for a few minutes to watch Cass and her... boyfriend..." That word didn't entirely feel good, but Ted pushed onwards. "And they didn't notice you. That not-noticing thing, can you do that for other people?"

Chantelle raised an eyebrow. "You want to go through life not being noticed? Trust me, that's not exactly a great idea..."

"No, no," Ted waved a hand to brush that aside. "It just got me thinking. Something not as strong as being invisible to other people. Just that things I do aren't unusual for me. They see, hear, and interact with me, but don't feel like interrupting me."

Chantelle thought about that. "I guess I could, but I don't quite follow where you're going with this."

Ted considered, and then decided to just ask straight out. "I... am thinking about... walking up to a girl, asking her to have sex with me, and she'd be happy to do so. Right there and then. And people nearby would see it, but have no problem with it, and certainly wouldn't stop me."

Chantelle was quiet, raising a finger up to the side of her head as she turned the idea over in her head. And then her mouth slowly curled into a smile. "I like it," she said. "Sort of a free-form harem. That's kinda hot."

"So you think it could work?"

"It could work, provided that you phrase it right." Chantelle pointed with her finger to mark the issue. "That's the thing about complex ideas like that. The phrasing has to be just right."

"Well," Ted looked down at his paper and pointed towards a sentence he'd written down. "Does this look about right?"

Chantelle looked down at it. She chuckled. "You even got out of the habit of writing 'wish', I see."

Ted smiled. "Can't be too careful."

"Good call." Chantelle looked over the wording. "Yeah, I think this could work. It's a bit of a run-on sentence, but that's to be expected." She looked at Ted. "But you know how this works. If ya really want it, ya gotta say it."

Ted nodded. Then, feeling a moment of drama was called for, he stood up, turning to face Chantelle to look her square in the eye, arms held out wide, he said, "I wish that I am always allowed to perform any sexual act with any one I choose, any time and anywhere, and nobody would ever have any problem with me doing so regardless of who, where, or when it is, considering it perfectly normal for me to do so."

"Granted," Chantelle said, smiling as she clapped her hands together. Another shower of rainbow sparks burst from her hands, filling the room with twinkling light. Ted leaned back, closing his eyes, almost feeling the sparks passing through him. When he opened his eyes again, his face took on a look of mild confusion. Chantelle was still there, sitting on the edge of her bed. She was picking at her fingernails, chewing on the corner of her lip. Before Ted could ask what was wrong, she spoke, "Um, Ted? If it's okay with you... Can I just... hang around for a little while?" She smiled tentatively. "I know you probably want to try this wish out, and I was just wondering if... I could watch?"

Ted considered it for a bit, just looking at her. It wasn't that he minded, after all, plenty of others would be seeing it, too. But Chantelle's nervous behavior made it seem like an odd request. After a moment, Ted just nodded. "Sure." She smiled widely at that, straightening up in her seat sharply and setting her head-sized boobs jiggling in her extra-tight shirt. "But it might take a bit, I'm not sure how long..."

Ted paused at he heard footsteps outside his door, almost panicking at the thought of one of his family walking into his room to find a sexy, very busty, green-skinned woman right there sitting on his bed. Mentally, he knew they wouldn't see Chantelle, but the instinct was still there. Fortunately, the footsteps kept going past his door down the hall, and Ted heard a knock on his sister's door. "Amber?" he heard his mom's voice call. Ted went over to his door and cracked it open, seeing his mom go into Amber's room, saying, "I'm heading to the grocery store. Would you keep an eye on your brother and sister while I'm gone?"

"Yeah, sure," came the reply. As Carol came out of the room again, she pointedly ignored the words that followed. "And it's 'Absinthe'."

Ted thought quickly, and then stepped out of his room just in time to catch Carol. "Mom? You're going to the store?"

"Mm hm," Carol nodded, her dark-blonde hair bobbing in it's curls. "Could you keep an eye on your sisters for me?"

In reply, Ted asked, "Actually, mom, could I come with you? Just feeling a little stir-crazy, could use some time outside."

Carol paused to look at him. "Huh. I guess you have been cooped up in your room a lot lately. I thought you had a lot of homework?"

"Oh, I'm all caught up on that," Ted said. Which was true, he'd been inspired to get it done, what with the weight of wishes on his mind. "But you're right, I've been cooped up. Trip to the store would be nice."

Carol thought about it, then nodded. "Alright. Come along, then," Calling out, she directed her next words towards Amber's room. "Amber, Ted's coming with me, so just keep an eye on Tiffany, alright?"

"'Absinthe!'" was the reply.

"Thank you," Carol said. Ted, noticing the amused expression Chantelle was shooting his way, simply shrugged and headed downstairs with his mom.

The ride to the store was uneventful and quiet, with Ted looking out the window most of the trip, wondering just how to test his new wish out. And trying to not be distracted by Chantelle, sitting in mid-air outside the car, flying alongside them with her green hair whipping in the breeze. Her shirt was bulging oddly over her breasts as the wind found a route up her tight shirt. She looked at Ted and winked, smiling, before focusing ahead again to weave around a signpost.

Eventually they arrived at the grocery store. Glancing around, Ted noticed the parking lot was maybe half-full. Following his mom into the store, Ted looked around as if he'd never seen a grocery store before in his life. Possibilities seemed so open to him, now. Girls, women, all various ages, wandering about and shopping as normal. There were guys, of course, but Ted wasn't paying attention to them. Next to him, he was aware of Chantelle, trying to be casual as she walked with him. Where to begin?

And then, as he followed Carol to the cart racks, Ted had a moment of panic. What if the wish didn't work? What if he'd missed something in the wording? Ted paused, pushing the panic down. People didn't notice Chantelle next to him. A gorgeous woman like her would be easily noticed, even before the green skin and hair. That should be proof enough of what she could do. Now, he just had to test it. Wandering up and down isles, helping his mom get stuff off the shelves, Ted paused and took notice of someone.

She was a teenager, about Amber's age, actually. Light brown hair firmly held in a low pony-tail. She obviously worked for the store, in a colored vest and ball cap. She was stocking the shelves, taking cans of stuff off a half-full pallet trolley and putting them up before dragging the trolley a bit further down the isle. She was kinda pretty, if a bit on the skinny side. Ted thought about it, and decided she would work as a test. So, Ted excused himself from Carol's side and walked over towards the girl.

Halfway there, panic tried to grip him again. He argued with himself, what could possibly happen? Images of getting slapped in the face, of getting thrown bodily out of the store, of getting dragged off to jail... Ted closed his eyes and shook his head briefly. This was a bit more than getting some sex in an empty baseball field. But that wish had worked, too. Sort of. Kinda... Ted forced himself to stop thinking about that. Taking a bracing breath, he resumed his walk up to the teen. "Um, excuse me?" he asked.

She turned around, looking at him. "Yes?" she asked. Ted noticed the name tag on her vest read 'Mindy'. A light dusting of freckles crossed her nose, under blue eyes. She definitely was kinda pretty.

Ted found his mouth feeling a bit dry. He swallowed, then asked, "I was wondering if... I could... feel your breasts?" Inside, he flinched, instincts expecting a fast retaliation...

Mindy just smiled. "Yeah, here." With that, she reached up and unzipped the store vest, revealing the button-up shirt underneath. Leaving the vest hanging open, she started unbuttoning her shirt, starting from the top. As Ted watched, her hands worked lower and lower, her bra peeking out as she continued down to fully open her shirt. With the second layer open, she casually reached inside and unhooked her bra between her breasts and pulled that open as well. With all that done, Mindy pulled all of her top open wide, settling the clothes under her arms and standing there to bare her chest to Ted. Her breasts were actually kind of small, smaller than Cass had been. But they were clearly naked breasts, small nipples clearly seen.

Ted, realizing he should be acting now, stepped closer to reach out, hands trembling from excitement a bit as he gently placed his hand on her breast. She stood there quietly, smiling a bit, as he squeezed a bit, focusing on how they felt in his hand. He brought his other hand up and began feeling her other breast, in tandem. They were kind of firm, perhaps due to their smaller size? But still, feeling them felt so good to Ted. And, glancing up and down the isle, he saw other people wandering about, occasionally glancing towards Ted and Mindy. What they were doing was easily seen by all, but their gaze never lingered. And nobody seemed interested in stopping him.

Ted smiled, feeling himself relaxing. "Hmm, quite nice," he said to Mindy. Keeping his hands on her breasts, he looked her in the eye and asked, "Would it be alright if I had sex with you?"

"Sure," Mindy said. She indicated the half-empty pallet of canned goods next to her. "Right here ok?" When Ted nodded, she reached down to quickly untie one shoe, stepping on the heel to get it off. With one shoe off, she reached for her belt and undid her pants, letting them drop and pulling her shoe-less foot free before doing the same with her plain white panties. As Ted dropped his pants, Mindy sat on the top cans on the pallet, trying to keep her hips close to the edge. Ted was already hard when he saw Mindy spreading her legs for him, opening her pussy with her fingers as he stepped forward. The little flare of red between her legs stirred something in Ted, and he pushed his dick into her warmth.

Mindy moaned softly as Ted began to thrust. He remembered to only move a couple inches this time, to keep himself inside her. He put his hands on her slim hips, holding her steady as he thrust. Her free leg curled around his hip to hold him. Oh yeah, he remembered this feeling. This warm dampness...

"Pardon me..." The words nearly made Ted jump out of his skin, and he turned his head to look at the older man who had just spoke. "Uh, where's the ramen noodles?" The guy was talking to Mindy, who had turned her head a bit to look at him.

"Isle three, soups," she answered. "About a third of the way down, coming from that end..." She pointed down the isle. "Lowest shelf on your right."

"Thanks," the guy said, smiling. "I was wondering why they weren't with the pasta."

"Yeah, we get that a lot," Mindy told him, smiling in return. As the guy turned to leave, Mindy looked at Ted again. "You stopped. Are you done?"

"Uh, no," Ted said. He'd been thrown by the conversation. And yet, the guy hadn't said anything about what they were doing. Ted thought it over briefly, and decided he liked it. A lot. He started his thrusts again, almost forgetting to not be too vigorous and fall out.

Again, it felt too soon over, as Ted grunted and released his load. He pressed into Mindy, firing as deeply into her as he could manage. Oh yeah, that felt good. Ted let himself stay there a moment, leaning against Mindy, before he felt his penis go soft and fall out of her. With that, he leaned back and let go of Mindy. She grabbed a rag from a pouch on the trolley and briefly rubbed at her pussy, cleaning out the loose white fluid before hopping off the pallet and going for her panties.

"Hey Ted." He nearly jumped a second time as he realized his mom was coming down the isle, pushing her cart along. And he was there, pants around his ankles, with a half-naked girl pulling her panties up. "If you're done here, I think we can head to the checkout."

"Uh... sure." Ted reached down and grabbed his pants, pulling them up.

"Did you find everything you needed alright?" Mindy asked Carol, cinching her belt and starting on her top, bra first.

"Yeah, all good, thanks," Carol told her, smiling.

"Very good." Ted looked up in surprise to find Chantelle floating quietly over the shelves, bag of popcorn in her hands, wide grin on her face. She'd clearly enjoyed everything she saw.

Ted got his pants on and fell into step behind Carol, feeling good. He thought about what he'd just done, replaying it in his mind. His smile faltered, though, as he realized... it felt unfinished. Like he'd missed something. Sure, it was good. And the fact that he was doing it in full view of a bunch of other people who didn't really react to it added some goodness to it. But something....

The thoughts troubled him as he helped Carol at the checkout, and then loading the groceries into the car. Getting back in the car, his thoughts ran over the event again and again. Something missing...

*****

This is a work of fiction, if that wasn't clear enough. Nothing I write about has ever or will ever occour in reality. Any resemblence characters may have to real people is entirely coincidental and unintentional. And I can not and will not condone real sexual activity involving minors.

I do however, condone positive feedback, and encourage it. :)

If you feel like sending me some feedback, you can reach me at zorlond AT yahoo DOT com.