Family Sex Night
By Perry Jones (pounder801@gmail.com)

Please observe copyright information found on Chapter 1 of this story.  

Please read previous chapter since each chapter builds on the previous one.

CHAPTER SIX

	In the darkness of her bedroom, Jane waited for a visitor. She did not have to wait long.
It was early in the night, about an hour or less before midnight, but all the family, parents and children alike, had gone off to their respective bedrooms.

	They would not stay in their own beds for long. That was part of the fun of this game. Intimate rendezvous would soon begin. Jane lay on her back in bed, wrapped in the comforting warmth of her covers. She breathed softly, listening for the sound of footfalls. She heard a door open. Bare feet padded in the hall, coming to Jane's door.

	Jane rolled on her tummy, pretending to be asleep. Her head was turned to the side, facing the closed door, whose knob was being turned from the outside. 	The door was opened, its hinges creaking slightly. A soft light was on at the opposite end of the hall, providing faint illumination. Jane saw a female form silhouetted in the doorway, and knew that it was Linda.

	She tucked her head back in her outstretched arms, her nerves tingling with anticipation. Linda hurried to the bed. "Jane?" Linda whispered.

	Jane did not answer, but mumbled as though murmuring in her sleep.

	Linda's chuckling laughter was soft in the darkness. "Don't try to fool me, little sister I know that you're not sleeping!"

	"No, I'm not," Jane whispered, moving to the far side of the bed to make room for Linda.

	Off came the robe which Linda had worn to go from her room down the hall to Jane's room. The garment slipped down her curved form and fell at her feet. Linda was naked underneath it. She lifted the covers and slid into bed beside Jane, pulling the covers back over the two of them. Bare flesh rubbed bare flesh, and Linda made the happy discovery that, under the sheets and blankets, Jane was as naked as herself. The girls lay on their sides, face to face, arms circling each other. They pressed their fronts together, bosom meeting bosom.

	Linda's lush heavy breasts were fuller and rounder than those of Jane, which were more pert and pointed. The girls moaned from the contact. Breast nuzzled breast. Jane's nipples were thinner and longer than Linda's, which were short and thick and now throbbed with lesbian desire. The sisters kissed on the mouth, open lips locking to lips, tongues thrusting and darting over each other, tasting each other's mouths.

	Linda pressed her hips up against Jane's. Her thick tufted bush mixed with the sleek fur of Jane's more lightly bushed pussy. They pressed together, rubbing their pussies. The sensual contact of soft pussy lips gliding over each other sent thrills racing through the sisters. Linda lifted her mouth at last from Jane's, her lips wet with her sister's sweet saliva. She rolled on her back. Jane would get on top of her. Jane crawled out of the covers and turned around, then crawled head-first back under them. She slithered over her sister, until her head was over Linda's pussy.

	Linda spread her legs, parting her thighs and opening her pussy to Jane. The fleecy fur of Linda's tufted bush tickled Jane's hot face. Jane's breath was warm and tingling on the pussy lips. Linda shivered when Jane kissed her between the legs, her velvety lips pressing against the pussy lips, pulling heat and arousal up into them.

	Jane's knees were planted on either side of Linda's head. Linda reached up and took hold of Jane's saucy cupcake buttocks. Jane's pert ass cheeks were soft and smooth in Linda's hands. Jane's sweet narrow slit was posed over Linda's upturned face. 	Linda fastened her mouth on Jane's pussy. Both girls had bathed before bed, so Jane's pussy was fresh and clean, like Linda's own.

	Pussy lips quivered when Linda's lips pressed them with hot kisses. Linda licked and nibbled the pussy lips, covering them with little darting kisses. Jane smelled fresh and sweet, with a thin musk of sexual arousal coming up from inside her slit, as secretions flowed inside her. Jane parted her kissing lips and stuck out her tongue, rolling it over Linda's pussy, tracing the folds and features of her labia.

	Linda lifted her hips, rubbing her pussy against Jane's mouth. Jane licked up and down the slit, wetting it. It was already wet on the inside, as she discovered when she put her tongue between Linda's pussy lips.

	Linda wrapped her mouth around Jane's slitted sex. Jane's pussy lips were thinner, more fragile than her own. They quivered against Linda's mouth. Linda lanced her tongue between the pussy lips, pushing it deep into Jane.

	Jane shivered as she was penetrated by the probing tongue. Linda pushed it deep. Jane's juices oozed from her pink pussy walls, coating the licking tongue, rolling up and down inside the girl. Jane's hips wiggled as she moved her tail this way and that, excited by the mouthing which her sister gave her.

	Linda's probing tongue tip dipped under the thin labia at the top of the slit and rolled over the little pink pearl of Jane's tender clitoris. Jane's membranes pulsed against Linda's mouth when Linda licked her clit. Linda's tongue tip rimmed a stimulating circle around the little throbbing node of flesh, then flicked over the quivering button.

	Jane whimpered but kept on licking Linda. Linda pressed her puckered lips against Jane's clitoris and massaged them over it. Muscles flexed in Jane's slim smooth thighs.

	The sisters were locked in oral love. It was hot and steamy under the covers. Each girl's mouth of pleasure was locked to the pussy of her sister. Jane came first. Linda wrapped her clips around the stimulated, overheated clitoris, sucking the node up between the lips. Holding the clitoris, she whipped her tongue back and forth over it. Jane climaxed, her cries of ecstasy muffled against Linda's wet quivering pussy.

	Jane shook and shivered on top of Linda. Linda took her mouth away from the clitoris while her little sister writhed on top of her. Linda was eager to have her own pleasure satisfied, but she waited until Jane stopped shivering and shaking from her own orgasm.

	Jane gave a last sighing moan and slumped limply on top of Linda. Impatiently Linda rocked her hips, rubbing her pussy against Jane's face. Jane was jarred from her erotic daze. She wrapped her hands around Linda's hips and covered her sister's slit with her mouth.

	Her tongue rolled over the pussy lips, wrapped around the clitoris, and sawed back and forth over it, heating it up to a delirious peak. It was Linda's turn to shift and slide and squirm in breathless squealing ecstasy, as Jane's licking tongue and velvety lips brought her to orgasm.

	While the sisters feasted satisfyingly on each other's flesh, Mom was taking on two males at the same time her husband, and her son. Mark had come to his mother's bedroom. Mom was not alone, but there was enough of her to satisfy more than one lover at a time.

	Mom had worked out the mechanics of the combination herself. Mom crouched on the rumpled, sweat-damp sheets of the mattress on her hands and knees, her palms pressing the bed, her ripe bottom lifted high. She was nude, as were Mark and Bob Preston.

	Mom crouched in the middle of the mattress. Mark sat at its head, with his back pressed up against the headboard, and his legs stretched out in front of him. 	His pajamas lay heaped on the floor where Mom had tossed them when she stripped him naked. His stiff penis stood up straight from his slim hips. 	Mom's head hovered over his groin. She held his cock at the base, circling it with her thumb and forefinger, holding it upright for her sucking mouth. The cock itself was planted deep in her mouth.

	Bob Preston stood on his knees with his cock planted in his wife's pussy. He held her broad wiggling hips as he fucked her from behind. His cock was thick, hard, hot. It filled her pussy, thrilling it with deep surging strokes which made Mom feel like she was melting in her pussy. Daddy reached around under her and took hold of her breasts, one in each hand, with their stiff nipples jutting out of the bottoms of his fists.

	As he fucked Ellen, he pumped and pulled her heavy breasts, rubbing and squeezing them. His fingers writhed and pulled the soft flesh. Ellen's head bobbed up and down as she sucked her son's cock, while her wide hips rocked back and forth under the influence of her husband's hard-driving cock.

	Mark's cock was hot in her mouth's grip, and each sucking pass of her lips over the rigid length of his red penis made it burn hotter. She' sucked wetly and vigorously, saliva spilling on her chin and mouth, spattering on the mattress between Mark's long spread legs. His back was cushioned with heaped pillows, which cradled his moaning form. He was practically crying with ecstatic excitement.

	He pumped his hips, forcing his cock forward when Mom took it deep into her mouth, rocking it back when she pulled her lips up to his cock head. Daddy fucked Mom from behind, forcing squeals from her each time he pushed his cock head up to the depths of her pulsing pussy. His cock coursed over her silky membranes, heating, sizzling to erotic fever. His hips rocked her ripe buttocks when he put it deep into her pussy, working the cock head so that it bumped the mouth of her womb.

	Mom took Mark's cock all the way into her throat and held it there, her mouth molded around the shivering shaft which twitched on her tongue. Mark came with a cry of passion, his cock jerking on her tongue. Mom's sucking mouth pulled at the penis as semen spurted from its swollen head. His come shot down her throat, which eagerly slurped and swallowed it.

	Mom pulled at his penis with her wet-satin mouth and her silken throat. Come slid down her gullet in thick oozing gushes. 	Her husband fucked her with ardent enthusiasm, driving his cock deeper and faster with each stroke, gasping for breath from the exercise. He was rewarded by his shattering orgasm. He buried his cock in her, keeping it there, clutching her broad hips and pulling them into him.

	His twitching cock spurted semen deep into her sex, filling her with thick cream.	Mom swallowed the last trickling drops of come which oozed from Mark's cock head. She had milked him dry. He slumped back in the pillows. Mark gasped and sighed. His cock jerked in Mom's mouth. She kept it in her mouth for a long time, supporting it on the quivering platform of her tongue.

	Dad pulled out of her, his cock head popping free from her pussy. Semen smeared on her pussy lips, some of it spattering wetly on the bed. Mom took her mouth off Mark. As she lifted her head, her lips, pressing his cock, sucked up all excess semen and saliva, which she swallowed down. She took Mark's rubbery, flexible cock, sticky with semen, out of her mouth.

	She pressed her tongue tip to the tip of his cock, then licked her teasing way down the shaft to his swollen, ultra-sensitive balls. Mom glided her tongue over his balls. The tight globes rippled under the sensual friction of the tongue gliding across them. Mom kissed his balls lovingly, then lifted her head from her son's crotch.

	Mom stretched out on the bed, on her back. She lay there, sighing heavily, her nipples throbbing, her pussy lips, wet with semen, quivering. Mark swung his legs over and lay down beside her. Daddy lay on her other side, so that Mom was flanked by the naked males of her family. Her massive breasts bobbed as she sat up and covered all three of them with the sheets and blankets. They snuggled together, mother, father, son. Mom put an arm around each of her men, and pulled their heads to her bosom.

	There was more than enough breast there for two. Bob nuzzled Mom's right breast, while Mark wrapped his mouth around his mother's left nipple. Mom enjoyed the happy sensation of having both breasts sucked and licked at the same time. A pair of hot licking tongues doubled her pleasure. While licking the stiff throbbing pebble of her nipple, Dad reached down between her legs and opened her thighs for his fondling fingers.

	Her pussy was warm and sticky with his semen. His fingertips brushed her clitoris, slowly building up a stimulating fire in her clitoris. Mom rocked her hips in response to the fingering, while her nipples were sucked by both males. Sexual fire seethed through her. Her husband's love leaked out of her pussy, smearing on his fondling fingers and on the sheets. Mom was taken higher and higher.

	Mark greedily sucked Mom's throbbing nipple. His mouth was stretched to its greatest width, so he could take not only her nipple and the wide brown roseate which surrounded it, but plenty of her rich warm white bosom flesh as well. His mouth was filled from roof to tongue.

	Mom shivered, shuddering as she was brought to a shattering climax. Gasping and writhing, she sank back on the bed. Her husband and son pressed her on either side, blanketing her with warm male flesh. Mom stretched out her hands, reaching between Mark's legs, and Bob's, too. Each hand closed on a cock, and held it safe and secure.

	Time passed. After a while, Mom let go of the male members. Bob and Mark slept. Mom sat up and climbed off the bed at its foot, so as not to disturb either male. She pulled the blankets up to the sleepers' necks, tucking them in. 

	Semen oozed inside her. She didn't bother to pull on her robe, but padded naked down the hall to the bathroom. The tiled floor was cool against the soles of her bare feet. Mom heard a door open, followed by the sounds of movement. The bathroom door opened, Linda sticking her head in. A wicked smile crossed her face when she saw her mother all naked. 	Mom was pleased, too. She pulled her older daughter into the bathroom and closed the door. Linda's face was sticky with Jane's juices.

	Jane slept in her own bed. Linda had been going back to her room, when she heard her mother coming down the hall on her way to the bathroom. Mom sat on the white plastic toilet seat lid. She pulled Linda down on her lap. Linda's ripe buttocks nestled in Mom's broad warm lap. 	Mom put an arm around Linda's waist, pulling her closer. She kissed Linda on the mouth, imagining that she could taste Jane on Linda's tongue.

	Linda played with her mother's big breasts. Linda had an abundantly endowed bosom herself, and it was no mystery where she had inherited it from. Linda hoped that someday she would be as big as her mother. She had already made a fine start in that department.

	Mom felt and fondled Linda's breasts. The soft mounds jiggled, the pink nipples tingling, puckering, then becoming stiffly erect. Mom cupped the girl's breasts, weighing them in her palms, letting the soft smooth bosom flesh ooze over the edges of her palms. She pushed the breasts forward, plumped them up, pulled them apart. She playfully pinched the throbbing nipples, tweaking them tenderly.

	Linda squirmed with hot excitement, her buttocks rubbing the smooth warm thighs of her mother. Mom kissed her daughter on the mouth. After some moments of hot kisses and even hotter caresses, Linda slid off Mom's lap and got on her knees at Mom's feet.

	Mom told Linda that she could clean Daddy's come out of her pussy. Mom planted her feet on the floor, letting her knees fall apart, exposing her black bush and thick-lipped fleshy pussy. Linda moaned with hungry wanting she was an insatiable oralist.

	She put her head forward, between Mom's spread smooth thighs, and pressed her face against the crotch, kissing it hotly. Pussy lips, fat, fleshy, sticky with semen quivered under Linda's kisses. Linda pushed her tongue up inside Mom, penetrating her.

	Mom's membranes pulsed from the penetration. She moved forward, her plump pink buttocks squeaking against the smooth white plastic toilet lid. Linda's probing tongue was engulfed with semen, thick and creamy, oozing and dripping from the walls. Mom ground her sex against her daughter's licking face. 	The pussy lips spread, smearing semen on Linda's mouth, cheeks, chin.

	Linda licked and lapped, her tongue burrowing deep, swallowing down her Daddy's come. Mom shook and shivered with delight, shaking all her soft masses of flesh. Mom rocked her hips, throwing her pussy in Linda's face. Her nipples stood out stiffly on her tits, which bobbed and bounced from the activity. Linda reached up, her groping hands climbing her mother's soft rippling belly to fasten on her breasts, taking one in each hand.

	Mom clapped her own hands over Linda's, pressing the girl's hands tightly against her bosom flesh. Linda kneaded the breasts, playing with them. Linda worked with loving diligence, and presently her mother's pussy was clean and seashell pink within, tongued free of Daddy's semen.

	Mom was still wet inside. Under the stimulating influence of Linda's licking, fresh juices oozed from the pores of the pussy which had just been licked clean. Linda licked and slurped. Mom guided Linda's head up her crotch, turning the girl's oral attention to the fat marble of flesh which was her clitoris. Mom gasped and sighed time and time again as Linda massaged the clit with her tongue.

	Linda's hair bobbed and tossed as her head moved up and down on Mom's pussy. Mom reached her climax.	Her masses of flesh shook as though powered by an internal vibrator, her breasts, belly, and thick thighs rippling and jiggling.

	Mom shook and shivered on the toilet seat as Linda's sucking, licking mouth brought her to a sweetly shattering orgasm. Mom's pussy quivered and pulsed against Linda's mouth. Mom closed her thighs, pressing them against Linda's head, pressing Linda's face harder against her pussy. Mom stifled a groaning cry of lust. Her red face was taut and -lined, her mouth wide open and hissing with heated breath.

	Her knees fell open, spreading her thighs to the sides. Linda lifted her wet face from the pussy, which was frothy with her silver saliva. When Mom recovered, she patted her daughter lovingly on the head. She stood up, bright smears of sweat marking where her plump buttocks had rested on the toilet seat. Linda got to her feet. Mom embraced her, kissing her on the mouth.

	Linda stepped out of the bathroom so Mom could take care of her private business. Mom emerged a moment later. Mom circled her daughter's waist with her arm, and walked the girl down the hall to her room. "We'll have lots more fun tomorrow," Mom promised.

	Mom tucked Linda into her bed. Her heavy breasts dangled over Linda's face, brushing them when Mom leaned over to kiss her goodnight. Mom closed Linda's door and went down the hall to her bedroom. As she neared the door, she heard the sounds of love coming from the bed.

	Mom peeked into the room. In the dimness, she made out three bodies writhing on the bed. Her younger daughter Jane occupied the place on the bed which Mom had vacated to go to the bathroom.  Jane's pussy was being eaten by her brother Mark, while Daddy kissed and licked her breasts. Smiling to herself, Mom returned to Linda's room, sharing the bed with her delighted daughter.

	
To Be Continued
