As I was leaving work, I noticed Jerry just sitting in his car and by the look on his face, I knew there was something wrong. Jerry is 25, nice looking, very well educated and well spoken I knocked on his window then got in the front seat with him.
"Jerry what the hell is wrong, you look terrible?"
I could see the tears running down his cheeks, I turned to him and put my hand on his leg,
"Come on man, I'm your friend, tell me about it."
"I just called my wife and told her I was leaving her, the cheating bitch was sleeping with our neighbor every day while I'm out here slaving away trying to earn us a living. Every time I think of them together my stomach turns into a knot"
"Jere, this is not the time to let jealousy cloud your judgment, you need to think about..."
"No, no. no, I can't live with a woman who cheats on me."
"Jerry let me tell you about my wife and me, she can sleep with whoever she wants and not only does it not bother me, it actually turns me on. In fact I like to join her when she is with another man."
"Bill, can I tell you something, I hope you don't get mad at me but I've had the hots for your wife ever since that Christmas party when she showed off her knockers to everybody."
"Yeah that was fun man she was so drunk, the two of us fucked Mac from shipping that night."
"Damn I wish that had been me."
"Then how about tonight, let me talk to the wife and see if she up for it. If it's OK, I call you in a while."

"Bill don't be silly, that young buck is half our age, he doesn't want to sleep with an old lady." '
"No it's true Janice, he just told me how much you turn him on, come on, let me invite him over, and we'll just play it by ear."
I called Jerry and told him Janice was fine with it as long as I could join them. He said that he'd never had a threesome and liked the idea. I was so excited by all this that I couldn't keep my hands off my wife but she kept pushing me away and telling me to wait for our guest. By the time he knocked on our door, I had a boner that was throbbing and I could tell by the way her face was flushed that Janice was also looking forward to our evening.

I invited him to sit with Janice and I, he looked so nervous, so rather than small talk I began touching and kissing my wife and then she leaned over and began kissing him, and soon we had hands all over each other.
We moved it into the bedroom where Janice and I undressed our new friend, opening his shirt, removing it, and then they began kissing again. While they kissed, I unzipped his pants, and pulled them down his legs, next came his boxers, and as I yanked them down I found a nice surprise, his beautiful eight inch cock sprang out and it was hard and smooth. I touched it first, I just had to feel it, and then after a few strokes I took my wife's hand and placed it on his hard-on. When they both moaned, I thought I might cum in my trousers.
I started to undress my wife as the two of them kept kissing and touching, god what a turn on seeing them both naked, her stroking his long cock, his hands on her tits and sliding down between her legs
I took off my clothes, and joined them, moving us all towards our bed. She bent to take his hard cock in her mouth, and in spite of its length, managed to get the entire thing down her throat until her lips touched his balls. What a sight, I joined her, kissing her face as she sucked him, then I licked his balls as she sucked his cock. She took it out of her mouth and offered it to me, so I took his cock in my mouth, taking as much as I could, massaging his balls as I sucked, and licking his cock. 
I pushed him back, and let my wife mount him, and I guided his erection into her dripping pussy, and watched them fucking for a while, It was so hot to watch them. 
He looked over at me, then pulled out his hard wet cock and invited me to share my wife. She moved over and climbed on me, sliding my cock into her. When she started riding me, he got up, stood over my head, and slid his cock into her mouth and started sliding in and out as I watched from underneath. It was such a turn on, having her riding my cock to a great orgasm, while I watched her suck his cock.
Then I saw his balls tighten, and he started cumming in her mouth. Watching him pumping a huge load into her mouth made me start to cum. I grabbed her hips and rammed my cock hard into her as I shot spurt after spurt of my load into her pussy.
When she finished sucking him, he pulled his softening cock out of her mouth, she leaned over to kiss me. When our lips met, I could taste his cum, then she pushed her tongue into my mouth, and when my lips opened, she let his entire load drip from her mouth into mine. She kept kissing me the entire time, giving me no choice but to swallow his cum as Jerry stood there and watched.
Then she pulled herself up off my cock, slide up to my face, and while he still watched, made me lick and suck my own cum out of her pussy. While I was doing this, he moved over, bent down, and took my semi-hard wet, still leaking cock into his mouth. Caressing my balls the whole time, he sucked me clean, milking the last of my cum out of my cock.
Next with her still leaning forward on me, kissing me with cum still dribbling from her mouth, he moved to join us in our kiss, with all our mouths touching, and the taste of cum in each mouth, tongues intertwining.... we fell asleep like that.

The next morning we did it all over again and after with my balls empty and Jerry ready to go again, I told them to have at it and I went to fix us all some breakfast. We ate naked and Janice fed us her tits covered in syrup and then slathered some on Jerry's cock and then invited me to suck it clean. By the time we finished eating we were all randy again, even me and we went back to bed. 

When I saw Jerry at work Monday, he thanked me for the sexiest time of his life. He then told me he went home to his wife and told her she could sleep with anybody she wanted and that he hoped she would let him join her.
 

