Title: ORF VII: Recruitment
Author: bobwhite
Summary: Xavier is recruited by... a druid?
Keywords: MF cheat mc

ORF Chapter VII: Recruitment by Bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

When I woke up, I realized that I had been lucky. My instinct to
shield his mental laser saved my mind, and probably gave him some kind
of feedback signal that hopefully put him out of commission--as least,
for awhile. Something told me I'd have to track him down while he was
trying to track me down... which, for a deleter, isn't easy; all they
have to do is concentrate on your identity (not your name, but your
mental essence), and they can pinpoint you and begin whatever work
they're in the mood for.

"I agree. He has to be awake," said some strange guy in my room. Now,
I don't want to brag, but NOBODY can get in my house unless I want
them to--not because of some mental construct, which I was having less
and less faith in these days, but because of an ingenious locking
system my late wife had invented. It has to be locked from the inside,
and can only be opened from the inside... unless you have a wrecking
ball.

The guy was just an average looking guy--actually, too average would
be a better description. His face, body, height, clothes, hair, eyes,
etc. were all rather unremarkable, being neither attractive nor
unattractive. In fact, the more I tried to find some physical feature
with which to identify him from a crowd of strangers, the less detail
I seemed to notice.

"Please, you have no hope of ever identifying me if I don't want you
to do so," he said with a smirk. "I am a--what did you call me?--oh,
yes: Druid. Hmph!" he snorted. "Well, I guess Druid it is. Call me Mr.
Green." At that, I saw his from change to a hooded, somewhat stooped
man wearing a green robe. "Don't worry about how I got in here, I had
the help of Colleen, here," he said, gesturing to an attractive
brunette. I instantly had some ideas for her, when he stopped me in my
tracks with a hand gesture. "Hands off, Xavier. She's a telekinetic,
not a controller; and I won't let you molest her. Dear, you may leave.
And, thanks." She got up and left without saying a word.

I was bewildered. A telekinetic, in my house? Why? They don't have any
mental powers like we do (although we don't know of any telepaths who
are also telekinetics), and usually keep to themselves. After all,
moving things in public without bothering to touch them usually gets
people caught. And who is this guy who can do to me what I can do to
norms? Shit--is this what it's like to be controlled and to remain in
control of your thoughts? I certainly didn't find it too...

"No, it's not sexy. It's a little frightening, isn't it? Anyway, as
for who I am, let's just say that I'm pretty much your boss. And, from
what I've seen in your head, somebody has figured out how to delete
Orfers. You're confused, and you want to know how to catch up with the
guy, and how to disable him when your friend Jenny couldn't. You
wonder about that probe you caught attached to your brain. You realize
that there are the almost the controllers like us who have almost god-
like powers but limited range, and there are controllers that have
unlimited range but limited other abilities, and they have no
abilities that deal with anything other than thought. They can't
change a person's body or make it so that everyone will notice a
change without entering any number of minds and manually making the
changes. You are aware, of course, that there is nobody who has both
abilities. And you're wrong on that last point."

"So, someone does have these abilities? I mean, the long-distance and
the nigh-omnipotence?" I asked. He simply nodded. "But how? We affect
reality. Our telepathic abilities are heavy-handed and crude, but they
get the job done; our real specialty is bending reality to achieve a
certain goal.

"Oh," he began, "like some of your conquests? Changing their reality
so that they've grown up with large breasts, so that all their clothes
at home fit? Giving them telepathic abilities so they can explore
their new erotic needs, which have been altered by you? You see, we
know about you, Xavier. We let you go because you do a good job, and
because you haven't yet gotten out of hand. Not all of my order,
though, are happy with your, as Seth put it, dalliances." He sighed,
and pulled his hood back. "The good news," he continued, "is that you
are one of those doubly-gifted people. And, we need your help."

"When Jenny stopped Mike, she noticed that one of the, what do you
call them, vics? That's it. One of the vics had her body slightly
altered. Being in ORF, and being around you, she didn't really pay it
any mind. But it got our attention. Since then, we've been trying to
monitor the situation, watching lesser controllers disappear, and
monitoring, among other Orfers, you. I'm here because you alone
noticed a supervisor missing. An ORF supervisor, deleted! We didn't
even know!"

"Seth is important, though. He's the highest-ranking Orfer who deals
with politics. He's been replaced by another of my order, and we are
making sure nothing too fishy has been going on in the world-
domination scene." He must have just made a joke to himself, because
he laughed. "But you have the same abilities. He's had time to
practice his reality-bending, and he's starting to have success. But
you need to work on long-range, targeted telepathy. You have an hour
to learn how to do it."

"An hour? Are you serious?!" I yelled, stung at the implications. A
person with both types of telepathy would be a god among men. "How can
I do it in an hour? And who would I practice on? I only found him
because I found his tether to my head. God knows how close he was!"

"As to how close he was and is, well, you have to try to listen more
carefully. You already have the power to work over distances, you just
don't seem to know it. He's in the Ozarks, in a remote region of
southern Missouri. He's surrounded by miles and miles of bluffs and
forest. With the bevy of telepaths he's gathered, you'd be sighted
before you could make the guard not notice you."

"And as to practice, well, you do have one driving force that seems to
guide almost everything you do. I want you to delete someone. Someone
with a lot of friends, and a family. None of that body-changing,
reality-bending bullshit. Just a simple delete. Once I'm convinced
you're ready, then you get to go." After he said that, I fell back to
sleep, and didn't get up till the next day.

I wasn't looking forward to this part. I was sitting at a chair in the
mall, looking for a target. I wondered if natural deleters got a rush
from this predator feeling that was making me queasy. Then, I saw
someone I'd probably take using my normal powers: a tall girl with
red, curly hair. Nice body, smallish tits (well, by my standards), and
walking hand-in-hand with her husband. They were standing at the
counter of a food court restaurant when I started the process.

First, I had her join me at my table. Then, I directed her husband not
to notice. Since I was not using my reality-bending powers, I was
basically walking her over like a puppet. I had been told during my
sleep not to change the way my target felt about the situation; that
makes the process easy and wouldn't be valuable to my training.

"Excuse me, why am I sitting here whispering to you?" she asked.
Normally, I'd be coy, but this was business. I had tried for an hour
before leaving to construct a way in my mind to perform the delete. I
bet that comes as naturally to regular deleters as making every person
who's ever seen a woman I would normally target think that she'd
always had blonde hair to her ass and a fondness for anal sex.

"Really, sir, I must be going." At that, she tried to get up, but
instead, just straightened her chair and leaned into me. I slowly
started my plan: first, I changed her devotion for her husband to me.
It would be gradual over the next minute or so.

"I'd like to stay, but my husband is over there."

I just stared at her. I had nothing to say; this wasn't my style. The
changes continued to take place before my eyes. The subdued confused
look that she had when she first came to me, wondering why she was
sitting with a stranger, was transforming into genuine love.

"What's your name?" she asked. A strange question, since a quick scan
told me she now loved me exactly like she had loved her husband, who
was only a few dozen feet away. I gave her my name.

"Well, Xavier," she said, running her finger up and down my hand and
finally clasping it with her own, "let's go. I'll write the dear John
letter later." She said that with a smile that Jeff, her husband, knew
well. It was the thing that made him fall for her 3 years ago.

"The kids will be fine with him. I'll get a divorce. Let's get out of
here, though." At this point, it dawned on me that I may have rushed
the process of getting her to love me; normally, I would have tweaked
her lust, or altered her reality so she didn't know she was married.
But, I had directions to follow.

"No, let's tell Jeff together." Using my influence, I invited myself
to their lunch, as a co-worker of Nikki's. Apparently, Nikki was her
name. To Nikki, we were flirting with danger; in her mind, we'd been
in love for 3 years and she'd been cheating on her now husband for all
that time. Her own mind had made that up in an effort to explain how
she was in love with me for the same amount of time she was with Jeff.
Jeff drove us all back to his house. The younger members of the
family, twins who were both 8 years old, were with grandparents.
That's when I began to have what little fun I was going to have.

"Well, Jeff, here's what's going to happen," I said, while I sat on
the couch next to him. Nikki was getting drinks. "You're going to sit
on the chair, and your wife and I are going to have a little bit of
fun." His mind flashed jealous anger, something not normal for him; he
was no dummy, though--if a woman meets a male co-worker and laughs and
smiles every time she talks to him, well, only a fool thinks they're
"just friends."

When Nikki came back, she sat next to me, looking confused. In her
mind, I changed things around so that she would not notice her husband
in the room, and would not notice if I talked to him. Jeff, for his
part, was silent. He literally couldn't make much of a sound, or move.

"Well, honey," Nikki began, "let's hurry. No telling when that old
windbag will be home." Jeff was to angry to look dejected, as Nikki
had straddled me and began kissing me hungrily while she ground her
body into mine. She took off her shirt and bra, and I began sucking on
her nipples. It was different, I must say, stimulating a woman without
altering how her body responds to touch. A bit more work was involved,
but it seemed worth it. Hell, I hardly ever paid attention to nipples
before! She unbuttoned my shirt and kissed my chest over and over
again, and each kiss was lower and lower. I smiled at Jeff, and he
fumed at me. What she said when she opened my pants really got him
mad.

"You're so much bigger than Jeff!"

She giggled after that, and started to put the head of my penis in her
mouth. Of course, Jeff couldn't measure up to me, and if he could, I
could either change him or me so that I'd come out on top. When she
had started to bob her pretty head up and down on my dick, I struck up
a conversation with Jeff. "You see, Jeff, she's mine now, as long as I
want her. But you won't miss her. Since you won't miss her, how are
you feeling?" I allowed him a sentence or two.

"I will kill you, bastard. She's the love of my life. Why are you
doing this..."

"Because I can. But you won't notice sheeeeee'sss," I trailed off and
was quiet for awhile; she had found a great rhythm and it took me by
surprise. "Mmmmm. You won't notice she's gone. And, she's better off
with me. I can do things to her you can't. Oh, you don't believe me?"

A panicked look came over him as he realized I had read his mind. He
was going to do anything and everything to get his woman back, and
this was a bad development; he knew his disadvantage immediately.

"Watch this. Hey, Nikki, my turn," I said.

She got on the couch next to me, and I finished taking my clothes off.
I laughed at the slightly homosexual jealousy going through Jeff now,
as he admired my flawless male form. But, I had business here.

I slowly kissed down her chest, until I came to her navel. I gently
kissed all around it while I gingerly opened her pants and slid them
down. I took them all the way off, taking her shoes and socks with the
pants and throwing them to Jeff. That left her in her plain, pink
cotton panties. Normally, I'd change them to thongs, but that was not
necessary.

Still paying attention to her navel, I slid my tongue straight down
until I tasted the material of the waistband, and then opened my mouth
further to snag it with my top front teeth. With my mouth, and her
help in lifting her hips off the couch, I slid the panties off her
hips. With the top front of her underwear in my mouth's grasp, she
lifted her legs straight up--lovely legs, all natural--and I stood up
as well, taking the panties to her upraised ankles. She dropped her
feet a bit, and the panties were in my mouth and free of her beautiful
form. I tossed them to Jeff, and smiled.

"Watch this, and tell me if you've ever given her this pleasure."

I started at her toes. I grazed the tips of the toes on her right foot
with my teeth, and then her left. Then, I took one toe in my mouth. I
had cheated a bit: I knew she had a thing for shrimping, something
Jeff never knew. As I nibbled on various toes, I scraped my
fingernails up and down the inside of her calf, which made her inhale
sharply.

Then, I continued to nibble any leg flesh as I made my way up her left
leg, on the inside of the calf, then the back of her knee, then her
thigh... and then to her pussy. In my normal conquests, it's dripping
wet by now. It was wet, but not super-wet like it is when you just
change someone's body chemistry or glandular output... or when you
give them remote-control orgasms. Spreading it open with my index
fingers, I began to get ready to eat pussy for the first time in a
long time.

I started with long strokes up and down the slit before I spread it
open. That got a little reaction. Then, I spread it open and started
to move my flicking tongue counterclockwise around her vagina. As I
messaged her labia with my tongue, she began to purr a little and she
further encouraged me by lightly grabbing my hair and pulling me ever-
so-gently into her crotch. Her clit popped out after a few minutes.
Taking my hands off of her tits, I lubed a finger with my own spit and
inserted it into her pussy. That made her moan.

I took the clit into my mouth and began pumping and rotating my middle
finger inside of her. When her hips had joined the action, I decided
to see if she would squirt without my almost magical ability helping
her. I took my right hand and put my middle and ring fingers together.
I inserted them into her, with my palm up, my thumb and index finger
on one side of her opening and my pinky on the other.

Coming up to pay oral attention to her tits, I hooked my middle and
ring fingers upwards, behind her pubic bone, and found her g-spot. I
started messaging it lightly, but with a steady rhythm. I moved back
down and sucked on her clit with the same rhythm. Then, it started
getting really wet, so I backed my face off and used my other hand to
stimulate her clit. After a few moments of her constant moaning (she
was pinching her nipples, with no prompting from me) and hips bucking,
she convulsed slightly. As her eyes crossed slightly, she flooded my
hand with a sizable amount of she-cum. I was amazed, as was she; she'd
never done that.

"Please, please fuck me. No more. Can't take more of that. Just fuck
me," she said, between pants. She was hornier than ever, but that
orgasm took something out of her; she was a rag doll. Then, she came
to herself, a grabbed my dick with her hand. Stroking it to life
again, she pulled me in by crossing her legs behind my back. I entered
her and started humping madly. She reached down and rubbed her clit,
all the while looking into my eyes. She was so in love... with me.

After about 5 minutes, I shot a large load into her pussy, and that
was followed by me collapsing onto her. We kissed lazily, not having
much energy, before she got up to get a few changes of clothes. I got
dressed again and looked, with a bit of pity, at Jeff. He was not
turned on by this display. I was about to say something really cruel
about how I'm doing this because I can, but my heart went out for the
guy. His wife was in the wrong place at the wrong time. Thankfully,
he'd get on with his life. I guess that's how deleters justify
themselves, if they ever try to do so.

When she came back, she noticed me looking at Jeff. "Oh, Jeff. Listen,
I know this is sudden, but I'm leaving you. Goodbye." I wasn't going
to delete the family from her memory, but I did have to start the
actual deleting work. I had her drive after we left so I could
concentrate. Looking at her aura, I sought out any other colors on
it--
people who had an influence on her life in some way. Then it dawned
on me... if I expanded outward, I should look for this individual
shade (each person's color is different and distinguishable from
others, even if mixed) and wash it away. And that's what I did.

Already a few miles behind, Jeff was looking for his car keys--we'd
taken her car and he was going to try to find us, to beg Nikki to come
back--when it happened. He stopped at the entrance to his kitchen, and
rubbed his head. "What was I looking for? Oh yeah--my keys." He
continued the hunt, and when he found them, he wondered out loud, "Why
do I need my keys? I have food, and the kids are coming home in a few
hours." He reflected on his position in life--he made good money and
had adopted twins, which is unusual for a single man.

Meanwhile, countless civil servants and customer service associates
were deleting the paper trail that was Nikki Petrucci, maiden name
Willaford. Her kids got home later that day, wondering if they'd ever
meet the woman who had given them up for adoption before they could
remember her.

At home, my new acquisition had gone under the normal changes I make.
After all, I had Jenny confirm that someone was missing, and she was
on the hunt. Of course, she'd never find me. Nikki's breasts were
larger, and I'd introduced her to anal sex. She now had a small ass-
clit at the bottom of her rosebud, and it was hard to get her to fuck
any other way. A week later, Mr. Green stopped by... for the last
time.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2002, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.