It was all dark grays and even darker shadows in the supply closet, so John didn't notice right away. Actually, he didn't notice until long after he finally managed to get Rodney's zipper untangled from his boxers - a process not made easier by having to grab Rodney's hands every few seconds and push them firmly into the crate behind him, or, eventually, leave them on top of John's own head, where they could tangle with his hair and otherwise annoy the crap out of him but at least not get in the way of - ah. Finally.

So John was a little preoccupied with getting Rodney's cock into his mouth, and not so much with what that cock felt like. But somewhere in the process of sucking and running his tongue up the shaft and bobbing and trying to keep Rodney from fucking his face (because seriously, that hands-on-the-head thing was not an invitation), it finally registered that Rodney felt different. Rougher, looser. Harder to swallow when he tried to deep-throat. Which turned out not to be an issue because Rodney came the moment he bumped the back of John's tongue.

"Seriously, what the hell?" John whispered, voice raw as he leaned half on Rodney, half on a crate of squeegee mops. He couldn't seem to stop his hips from snapping forward into Rodney's too-tight grip, or his own fingers from sliding back into the open gap in Rodney's pants and fondling the soft, damp cock nestled in-

"Oh my god, would you stop?" Rodney slapped his hand away. "Trying to get you off, here!"

"I noticed," John rasped, then choked as Rodney tightened his grip just that much more, and then he was coming all over the Athosian ceremonial handkerchief Rodney had taken to carrying around in his back pocket like he wanted to bring back the Eighties. ("Hi, I bottom for military commanders and the occasional last warrior of a vanished people. My drink is anything expensive without a lime, and my turn-on is being smarter than you, which is a given, so just let me do the talking and we'll be fine.")

Or... not. John slumped against the crate.

"I seriously don't want to know what goes on in your head when you come," Rodney muttered. "Also, your hair is doing the dance of the fairly decent blowjob."

"It wassa good blowjob," John insisted, feeling rather drunk on post-orgasmic bliss. "An' my hair's fine."

"Whatever." Rodney balled up the handkerchief and stuffed it into one of his twenty-seven distinct zippered pockets. "So, tonight?"

John shook himself awake. "'Kay. But I have to leave by four."

Rodney rolled his eyes. "I'll try to be home by midnight, dear."

And then he was zipped up and out the door, and John was left with a squeegee shoving its way into his ribs, a pair of sore lips, and a single deep, philosophical question: what was up with Rodney's cock?

+++

He asked Ronon about it, because Ronon had fucked Rodney before John did. In fact, John had been doing the honors for less than a week, and there certainly hadn't been a lot of long, exploratory sessions with the lights on. John wasn't kinky like that.

Come to think of it, Rodney was a 'roll over and get to the point' kind of guy, too. It was something they could agree on.

"What do you mean?" Ronon asked, clearly puzzled by the question. "Looked fine to me."

"I mean," John gasped, because they were running and why had he started this conversation now, of all times? "Didn't it seem a bit," pant "I dunno, loose?"

Both of Ronon's eyebrows went up. "Not when he was hard."

John gave up.

+++

Well, he didn't really give up. Not at all. (He also lied to himself a lot, but was surprisingly okay with it.)

"What the hell?" Rodney asked, slapping his hand away for the third time. "I'll take care of that," he shoved his own hand under his hips for emphasis, "you take care of this." That last statement was accompanied by his ass lifting up practically into John's face, and, well. John was curious, but he wasn't stupid.

"Yeah, okay," he breathed and got to work.

Afterward, when they lay panting in a heap, he managed to flop over just close enough to slide his hand up the outside of Rodney's thigh and-

"Colonel Sheppard!"

He groaned and rolled over, slapping in the general direction of his headset until he could get it up near his face. "Go ahead."

"This better be good," Rodney muttered.

John listened for a moment, then began grabbing his clothes. "Not really," he said in the general direction of the bed as he cut the comm. "Get dressed."

+++

There was a moment after they came through the gate when Rodney was just standing there in the gateroom, his eyes huge and red and his hands fluttering slower and slower, a toy soldier winding down. He had a big smear of soot across his forehead; John wanted to reach up with one thumb to wipe it away. He didn't because his hands were even dirtier than Rodney's face, because they were in the gateroom, and because Nguyen weighed a fucking ton for a woman who shouldn't have been more than a hundred pounds soaking wet. John hitched her up a little higher and looked away. Rodney would - Rodney was fine.

"Colonel!"

John let Beckett and a nurse with arms the size of small trees ease Nguyen away from his side and onto a gurney. Behind him he could hear the pop, pop, pop of Teyla, Stackhouse, and the rest coming through, each with their own burdens.

"How many?" Beckett asked crisply, not even looking at John.

"Three burns, five smoke inhalations."

"Right, then. The uninjured are all on medical leave for eight hours. I expect to see you lads in my infirmary first thing in the morning." He turned away, already shouting orders like the best drill sergeant.

"Shower," Rodney croaked. John looked up at him, his bright blue eyes, his sagging shoulders, and felt a surge of affection. He could still see it: Rodney, rigging the barrels of flame-retardent to open automatically. Rodney, supervising the brute force version of clear-cutting that gave them a firebreak on the north side. Rodney, shouting at Coleman over the radio when the wind shifted, trapping a whole team. Rodney, brilliant Rodney, who was now listing sideways with a vengeance.

"Hey, hero," he murmured, bumping their shoulders lightly together. "Want me to scrub your back?"

Rodney made an affirmative noise that was something like a groan and wrapped both hands around John's arm. John let him lead the way.

+++

Showering itself was a tricky business.

Rodney stripped while John was grabbing an extra towel and a pair of boxers for each of them. (He refused to sleep naked since the incident with Zelenka and Voght and the kamikaze seabird.) By the time he got into the bathroom, it was already steaming and Rodney was making indecent noises from behind stained glass. John stripped like a Marine and joined him.

God, they were both dirty. John's instinct was to get his hands all over his scientist to make sure he was okay, but maybe Rodney wouldn't be up for a handjob right now, and besides - really, really dirty. John reached for the soap.

The first touch startled him. It ghosted along just under his shoulder blades, tracing the outline of his knotted muscles, leaving him shivering and half-unwound in their wake.

"Hey," he said quietly, and turned.

But Rodney moved with him, sidling around to stay behind; after a moment, John made himself stand still.

The touches slid over strange places, following the path of steam and sweat condensed on his skin. He could feel the grit scrape against the backs of both knees, at the crease where his ass met his thighs. About the time Rodney slid back up to trace the shells of his ears with both thumbs, John lost it.

He spun, pinning Rodney to the wall before he could slide away again. Rodney made a noise in his throat that might have been the beginnings of a protest, but John didn't let it get that far before he brought their lips together.

He started gentle and hesitant, pushing deeper when Rodney finally relaxed. Kissing Rodney, even when they both tasted like ash, was a whole different world from kissing anybody else. Literally another world - Rodney made it all about that kiss, that moment, as if nothing else existed. In the past week, John had been overwhelmed with gratitude about five times a day that Rodney's personality was so abrasive he hadn't been snatched up long ago. As far as John was concerned, that big mouth just sweetened the deal.

He finished up the kiss and murmured, "You want to tell me what that was about?"

"Can we skip to the good part?" Rodney looked hopeful and a little horny.

John thought about it for two seconds. "Yeah, I guess so." He reached down to get a handful of Rodney's cock, only now realizing he'd never gotten to jerk Rodney off before and that was just a crime, when Rodney stiffened and tried to pull away.

"Okay, seriously?" John was more bewildered than mad. He told himself that two or three times, until it was almost true. "What the fuck is wrong with you?"

"You American boys!" Rodney started, launching into the offensive.

'Boys?' John mouthed.

"-always thinking your opinions are solid fact! Women should all shave their legs and men should chop off the end of their-"

Oh. John reached down again. Rodney was half-hard, lying plump and interested along his left thigh like he was still dressed; John's fingers found the head, teasing back the extra fold of skin he didn't have, wondering why he hadn't thought of this. Maybe Rodney was right, and he was a little blind.

"-dicks, oh, do that again."

John grinned. "This?" He gave a little twisting pull that sent a shiver from Rodney's toes to his eyelashes, lids lowering to half-mast. "You like that?" John's voice was rough. He didn't think it was from the steam.

"Yeah, oh god, Sheppard."

"John," he reminded, leaning in to nibble an earlobe.

"John, John, yes, John," Rodney sang, big hands everywhere, gathering John up against his body. "Let me, let me-"

"Yeah," John breathed, rubbing his stubble against Rodney's neck. He was just smearing the dirt, but god, the sounds Rodney was-

"Can I?" His fingers slid over the head again, gathering the stickiness into his palm. He wanted to get down there and lick, to put his mouth and hands all over that little difference in Rodney that was okay, better than okay, hot, because John couldn't stop thinking about it, couldn't keep his hands off.

"God, yeah, hold still." Rodney gripped John's cock. He gasped, seeing stars, but absolutely did not whine. Much.

Rodney was doing something, getting his big hand in between them and pushing John back. John didn't want to go, leaning in hard, lips first.

Rodney bumped him back with one solid shoulder. "Hold still. Jeez, a week ago I couldn't even touch you without getting a flinch and now-" The heads of their cocks bumped, sending a jolt through John "-you're like a boa constrictor."

John would totally have taken offense at that, was working up to it in fact, but at that moment he felt a tightness that was not Rodney's hand settle over the head of his cock, enfolding him like a second skin. He moaned, letting his forehead fall against Rodney's broad chest.

Droplets of water were still sliding down their bodies - sweat or condensation, he couldn't tell, but steam and heat couldn't hide what was going on below, Rodney's cock latched on to his by that loose roll of skin, and he'd had no idea, no fucking clue they could do that, but the sight set his heart hammering and his palms sweating. The heads of their cocks rubbed intimately in that warm cocoon, Rodney's gasps stirring the hair on top of his head.

"We have to hold on," Rodney breathed, "or we might come apart."

That was okay. John had no intention of letting go of Rodney's cock, now that he finally had it in his hand. He gave it a slow stroke, watching rivulets of water run down Rodney's belly, wanting to taste the balls that bounced lightly with every breath. His own balls felt swollen and tight, every part of his body ripe and ready to burst, sensation shivering from his toes to the tips of his ears.

Rodney whined once and tipped his chin up, crushing their mouths together. John felt the cock in his hand jerk hard, heat and wetness spraying over his own sensitive head, and then slack, open lips and the rough brush of knuckles against his balls and he was yelling, hoarse, desperate, bellowing against Rodney's tongue and the corner of his mouth, and-

"Jeez, you're heavy," Rodney said conversationally, if a little slurred. He had one hand splayed wide on John's ass and the other firm across the middle of his back. John's arms had somehow twined themselves around Rodney's neck in a pose that absolutely in no way resembled the cover of a bodice-ripper.

"So," Rodney continued, sliding them along the wall until they were located under the actual spray, "I guess I might have been, just the tiniest bit, overly concerned about your, um, reaction, though given past experience I think I'm justified, and-"

"Rodney," John muttered, still feeling buzzed and utterly limp, "shut up." And kissed him.

He could totally be forgiven for taking the opportunity presented by a Rodney Special With Tongue to reach down with one clumsy hand and run his fingertips over Rodney's foreskin, rolling it lightly back and forth and wondering what else they could do with it later.