The Cat Fight


 My senior year at high school started out to be
 great till she moved to town. I was the most popular
 girl in school. I would say I am very pretty, short
 blond hair, 33c 22 34, 5 foot 5. My mom and dad are
 rich, so I dress in all the newest clothes. My name
 is Samantha Jensen. My friends call me Sam.

 Her name's Nikki Sands. She's from England, all the
 boys just loved to listen to her talk. And her body
 was nothing short of gorgeous. She had long red hair
 that came down just below her ass, and she always wore
 it in big loose curls. She stood only 5' 1". But her
 tits were huge 36dd, a tiny waist and nice flared
 hips. And if that wasn't enough she has great legs,
 and tiny little feet. She has the face of an angel.
 Big green eyes, button nose, and nice pouty lips. All
 the guys could do, was talk about her.

 My parents were going away for the weekend. So I
 decided to have a pool party to cheer myself up. I
 invited all of my friends. I also got the courage to
 invite Mike Strong, the captain of the football team.
 I've had a crush on him sense the 6 grade. Every girl
 wanted to be his girl friend. But they all struck out.
 Maybe at the party he would pick me. All week long I
 couldn't wait for Saturday to get here. All my friends
 could do was talk about my party. Finally no one was
 talking about Nikki Sands. 

 Friday school day just crawled along. Finally the
 bell rang. I ran home to get things ready for Saturday,
 then went to bed. I sprang out of bed and looked out
 the window, a beautiful day. I had all the food my
 friends liked, and mom and dads liquor cabinet was
 full. This was going to be a great party. I put on my
 new bikini. The suit was bright red. The top fit per-
 fectly, covering my breasts, but showing off my nice
 cleavage. The bottoms were French cut, but still
 covered my butt - I never could wear a g-string, it
 was just to revealing for me.

 The first to arrive were my friends Jan and Becky.
 "Man this party's gona' be a blast." Jan eyed my
 bikini. "Your not going to attract Mike in that." She
 turned around to show of her bare ass. She was wearing
 a g-string. Her top showing twice as must cleavage as
 mine. "I just can't get used to having that string up
 my ass." "You get use to it." Jan smiled. Becky wore a
 one piece, French cut like mine. But the top was cut
 almost to her belly button. "I hope you don't turn to
 quick in that or your tits'll fall out." I giggled.

 The party was in full swing. Everyone was having a
 great time. The guys were following me and my friends
 around like love sick puppy dogs. I was a little sad
 that Mike hadn't come, but with the booze I was drink-
 ing I didn't care much. Then the door bell rang. I
 opened the door and there stood the guy of my dreams.
 "Hi Sam, sorry I'm late, I had to wait for my date."
 "Yyyyyour date? Who?" Then I saw her - Nikki Sands. My
 heart sank, It could've been anyone else, but nooooo
 it was her. She was dressed in the smallest bikini I'd
 ever seen. The g-string bottom, with a patch of cloth
 that must have been no more than a 1 inch triangle,
 barely covering her pussy. The top had 2 small circles
 just covering her nipples. As they walked in, I
 watched, wondering how she could possibly staying in
 it. Her tits bounced up and down, her hips swaying
 from side to side. Every guy looked at her and drooled.
 Jan came over, "Shit that Nikki Sands is one sexy
 bitch. You've got your work cut out for you, if your
 going to get Mike away for her." "Shut up!" I shot
 back. 

 The more I watched her the madder I got. She went
 from boy to boy, rubbing up against them. When she left
 one to go to another, the boy would have a raging hard-
 on. I drank more and got madder. An hour went by and
 Nikki looked like she was getting a little drunk. She
 sat down on the pool deck, and grabbed a bottle of
 suntan lotion. Holding it high in the air letting the
 lotion run down her legs. Then holding one leg up
 slowly rubbing it into her skin. She rubbed up to the
 top of her thigh, stopping just short of her crotch.
 Then she picked the bottle up again and squirted lotion
 all over her breasts, the extra running down her
 stomach. She was putting on quite a show for the boys.
 She even surprised me when she put both hands between
 her breasts and rubbed the lotion in. She ran her hands
 down and rubbed her stomach. Mike was watching Nikki's
 little sexy display. "Nikki, can I help you with that?"
 "No thanks I got it." She said, smiling up at him.

 I was fuming now, she had the guy of my dreams, and
 was taking over my party too. I'd had enough of her
 prick teasing display. "Why don't you just fuck every
 guy here you slut." I yelled at her.

"What's your problem?" Nikki looked at me with those
 green eyes of hers.

 I yelled, "I'm sick of you. I want you to leave!"

See smiled at me and said, "I don't think so. I'll
 leave when MY DATE wants me to leave!"

 "I'll tell you one more time to leave or I'll throw
 you out!" I yelled, beginning to loose control.

"You don't have the balls bitch!" She purred back at
 me.

She was right I was a chicken. When I turned and 
 looked, everyone was staring at us. All the boys
 started make clucking sounds at me. I looked at Jan
 and Becky. They were making motions at me to go for
 her. 
  
 I took a deep breath, and turned back to Nikki. 
 "Are you leaving?" She just laughed.

 I reach down and grabbed her by the hair and pulled
 her to her feet...Oooooch... "Let me go bitch!"

 She grabbed at me, and found my top and pulled.
 Both my breasts spilled out for everyone to see. The
 guys were hooting..."CATFIGHT"...Having my breasts
 bared to everyone sent my over the edge of common
 sense. I doubled up my fists and punched her in the
 face... SMACK... Her head snapped back. She had a
 puzzled look on her face. I punched her again, her
 eyes roller back in her head. I let go of her hair,
 and she slumped to the ground. "Get up you fucking
 slut!" I kicked her in the side, she didn't move. I
 looked back over my shoulder. They were all standing
 with their mouths open. 

 "Get up!" I picked up a drink and threw it in her
 face. She coughed and opened her eyes.

 "Fuck! you hit me!"

 "Good your awake, when I beat the shit out of you
 I want you awake." I grabbed her hair again started
 dragging her around. She had one hand grabbing at her
 hair. The other trying to keep her breasts in her top.
 "What do you think guys, what to see Nikki's naked
 tits?"

 They answered me by chanting...skin...skin...skin...
 With one hand holding her hair I reach down for her
 top. She slapped at my hand. "No please I'll leave."

 "To late." I slapped her across the face, as her
 hand can up to block my blows I grabbed her top. Her
 breasts sprang out, her nipples were hard little
 points. She tried to cover them with her hands. "What's
 wrong? don't you want them to see?"

 "Please I'm begging you stop."
 
 "How come you stopped drinking Nikki?" I grabbed
 a half empty bottle of scotch. "Open your mouth."

 "No stop it." Nikki slammed her mouth closed. 

 "Now that's not very friendly. I just want you to
 have fun." I punched her in the stomach. She open her
 mouth gasping for air. I jammed the bottle in her 
 mouth. Scotch was running down her big breasts but
 she wouldn't swallow. I pushed the bottle neck down
 her throat. Her reflex action was to try to swallow.
 "There that's better you little bitch." I watched as
 the bottle empty into her. When I let go of her she
 fell to the ground coughing and spitting up scotch. 
  
 "Whatdya' think boys, what should we have Nikki do?"
 I looked at their faces. They were still in shock at
 what I had done. "Well? Can't think of anything, well
 I can." "Bitch! rub your tits!"

 Nikki looked up at me and shook her head no. "I said
 rub your tits!" I punched her left tit. "Oooooch! Her
 hand went up and rubbed her now sore left tit. "There
 that's a good girl. Grab the other one too." Nikki's
 hands were now rubbing and squeezing her breasts. "Well
 boys whatdoa'think? Do you like watching Nikki rub her
 tits?" I looked at the crotches of their swim trunks,
 they all were getting hard-ons. "Looks like you do.
 Pull on you nipples some more, slut!" Nikki stoked her
 breasts, and pulled her nipples, looking up at me in
 genuine fear. "Don't stop till I tell you to." Nikki
 nodded, and kept kneading and pulling at her breasts. 

 As I watched her, I felt my own pussy getting wet.
 The feeling of domination over my rival was exhilarat-
 ing. I looked around at the guys again. Jim had his
 hand in his trunks and was stoking his cock. "Ok bitch
 that's enough." I went over and looked into Nikki's
 eyes. I could tell the booze was starting to get to
 her. She just sat there staring straight ahead. Her
 nipples were hard as rocks from her forced manipula-
 tion, and she was breathing a little heavier than she
 was earlier. I thought, wow she's getting turned on
 by my bullying, what a trip.

  "Well, well looks like she likes rubbing her tits.
 She's a dirty little bitch. I think she needs to be
 punished. Whatdoa think Becky?"

 "Yea your right, punish her." Becky played along.

 I bent down and looked Nikki right in the eye. "You
 need to be punished don't you." Nikki eyes tried to
 focus on my face, she was now totally drunk. "Bbbbut
 Yooou Maddde mee..." Her word were slurred. "Nnnno I'll
 Pleasse yooou...."

 "Quite. If anyone here says you shouldn't be punish,
 I won't." Nikki looked around the pool. "Pleeease
 sooomone?" But all the people were looking at the scene
 before them and waiting to see what I would do next, no
 one came to her rescue.

 "Looks like you get punish. Becky come over here and
 hold her." Becky grabbed Nikki's arms and pull them
 behind her back, making Nikki's breasts stick straight
 out. I slapped her right breast, then the left. "Ooooch
 stop!"

 "You don't want me the use my hand anymore?"

 "No more, please."

 "Ok I'll use this." I put my foot on Nikki's purse,
 and ripped the strap handle off of it. It was perfect
 for what I had in mind. "May I use this?" Nikki tried
 again the focus on my hand, and failing. "Yes use
 that...." "Good, If you move It will be worse."

 I raised the strap and brought it down across the
 tops of her breasts... Smack... Nikki being so drunk
 just barely moved...SMACK...SMACK...SMACK... Long red
 lines began to appeared on her breasts. I aimed lower
 hitting her across her nipples...SMACK...Nikki let out
 a little yelp and jumped...SMACK...SMACK...SMACK...I
 beat her poor breasts till I was covered with sweat.
 The last few blows Nikki didn't even move. Her breasts
 were now covered with red welts. One nipple was start-
 ing to swell. "You can let her go." Becky let do and
 Nikki slumped to the ground. Her hands rubbing her
 bruised and battered breasts. She was now crying. "Do
 your tits hurt bitch?"

 "Yesss pleasse nooo more..." She rubbed her nipples,
 which were still swelling.

 "What do you think guys, you want to see her pussy?"
 Everyone was still standing still, no one spoke, they
 just stared. Then Mike said softly "yes." 

 "Turn over on your stomach". Nikki groaned as her
 breasts mashed against the pool deck. I grabbed her
 bottoms and pulled them off. "Now raise your ass in
 the air." Nikki struggled to get her knees under her.
 Finally she did as I had commanded. Her head and
 breasts still resting against the deck. I looked at
 her naked ass. It was nice and firm, I patted it.
 Steve let out a low groan. "Sounds like they like your
 ass. Now spread you legs." Nikki spread her legs about
 a foot apart. Her pussy lips looked like they were 
 shaved. "Wider bitch!" I kicked her square on her
 pussy. "AAAArch."  She spread her legs wider. She was
 shaved, her pussy was smooth. It looked just a thin
 line. She had no pussy lips at all. I reached between
 her legs and ran my finger along her slit. 
  
 Nikki moaned as I slid my finger into her. "You
 like that don't you?" Nikki answered me in a little
 girls voice. "Yes momma".

 "I'm not yourrrr, Yes I'm your mother. Do you want
 me to stop"?

 "Nooooo". Nikki was so drunk now, that I think she
 didn't even know where she was, or that we were per-
 forming for all the in kids at school. I was really
 enjoying my role as instructor as I put both my hands
 on her. I spread her pussy looking for her clit.

 "Spread wider."

 "I can't."
 "Sure you can". I pushed down with my free hand on
 her hips.

 "Oooooch, that hurts momma."

 "Don't be a baby". I slapped her on the ass. Nikki's
 legs were now spread as far as I dared make her. I
 looked between her legs and saw it. Her clit was just
 peeking out of the top of her slit. "Do you want me to
 rub you clit Nikki?"

 "Yes momma Please". She mumbled in near delirium. 

  With one hand I spread her pussy, with the other I
 played with her clit. As I rubbed it swelled and grew
 to twice the size and stood out into plain view. I was
 amazed at the size of it. It was almost an inch long,
 and as round as my thumb. I grabbed it between my
 index finger and thumb. I roller and pulled it.

 "OOOOOOOOOh". Nikki tried to move her hips. But I
 pushed down on her ass. "Does that feel good?"

 "Oh yes."

 I quickly stopped. Nikki groaned "Noooo don't stop."
 She reach up to her pussy.

 I slapped her hand. "No not yet you little bitch."
 I traced her asshole with my finger. Nikki's ass cheeks
 quivered. "Does that feel good?" I was making small
 circles around her anus.

 "Yeees, more, don't stop." I leaned down and blew 
 on her asshole. Nikki giggled, "That tickles momma".
 I put the tip of my finger in. I knew how much I
 enjoyed it when I stuck my finger in my ass. And she
 looked like she was the same. I worked my finger in
 and out. "Faster momma pleeeease."

 "Does your mother do this to you?"

 "You know you do, quit teasing me."

 I heard a gasp from behind me. They were shocked
 at this admission. I slid a second finger in.

 "Yeeees..."

 I finger-fucked her ass slowly. I pulled my fingers
 out, her asshole quickly closed tight. I watched the
 puzzled look on Nikki's face. "Don't stop."

 "No you can finish up dear. On your back."

 Nikki roller over on her back. Her tits were now
 all black and blue, her nipples looked swollen and
 sore. She wasn't completely shaved, she had and small
 strip of red hair on top.

  I grabbed her the ankles and pulled her legs
 toward her head. "Jan get over here and help me."
 I had an idea. I had seen it in one of me dads dirty
 magazines. A picture of a girl with her legs crossed
 behind her head, playing with herself. "Grab her arms,
 and pull them through her legs." Jan pulled on Nikki's
 arms and I bent her left leg behind her shoulder.
 Nikki look up at me. "What are you doing mommy."

 "Nothing just having some more fun."

 "Ok..." Nikki giggled, hiccuping a few times. I
 bent her right leg around her right shoulder. I grabbed
 the strap that I whipped her with, and tied her ankles
 behind her head. Nikki looked like a sexy pretzel.

 "Well what do you think guys, like it?" I turned, all
 of the guys in the crowd were obviously sexually
 aroused. I could see bulges for as far as the eye
 could see. "I see you guys approve." 

  I slid my finger along Nikki pussy slit. "Why
 don't you play with yourself?" Nikki's hands went to
 her pussy, spreading her lips and stroking her clit.

 "Do you want me to play with your asshole Nikki."
 Nikki's eyes had a clouded look as she tried to think.
 I ran my finger up and down between her ass cheeks.
 Nikki giggled. "Stop that, it tickles". I slid one
 finger in her ass. "Oooooh mommy that feels sooo good."
 Nikki was rolling her clit between her fingers and
 moaning. I worked a second finger in, gently fucking
 her ass.  "Yeeees Deeper"! My own pussy was sopping
 wet now. I had to admit that this English bitch
 really did have an exceptional body. I slid my free
 hand in my bikini bottoms, and rubbed my own burning
 clit, forgetting that we were on public display. 

  My body was on fire watching Nikki ramming three
 finger in her pussy, and twisting and pulling her huge
 clit. I needed two hands - I took my fingers out of
 Nikki's ass. "No don't stop." I grabbed the empty
 scotch bottle. Pushed the tip of it to Nikki's ass.
 "Here you do it." I took her right hand and put the
 bottle in it. Nikki pushed the neck into her ass. 
 "Yeeeesssss." She wrapped both hands around the bottle
 a fucked her ass. I pulled my top off, and stepped
 out of my bottoms. I sat down with my legs spread,
 burying one hand in my pussy. The other squeezing one
 breast than the other.

 Nikki had picked up the pace. She was fucking her
 asshole with brutal force. She was pushing the bottle
 deeper. Nikki's clit jumping up and down. I now had
 four fingers in my pussy trying to keep pace with
 Nikki's thrusts. "Push it deeper Nikki." Nikki stopped
 fucking and push hard. I watch as her ass opened up.
 The bottle neck began to disappear up her ass. "Good
 girl, push hard."

 "But it hurts."

 "It will stop if you push harder". Nikki's arms
 strained, as she pushed harder. The whole neck of
 the bottle was now buried in her. "Come on you can
 do it". Tears were running down Nikki's face.

 "I can't it's too big." But she kept pushing at
 it harder until the large part of the bottle began
 to sink into her ass.

 "It hurts please let me stop."

 "You don't want to disappoint me do you?"

 "No but it hurts."

 "But your almost there." I encouraged her.

 Nikki kept pushing, the wide part of the bottle
 kept sliding in. "Is that enough mommy."

 "Yes now fuck yourself."

 Nikki groaned and cried as she slowly fuck her
 ass. I was amazed that she could take it that deep.
 As her action increased Nikki's ass began to loosing
 up so she could fuck faster. The sight of Nikki
 ramming her ass with and empty scotch bottle was more
 than I could take. My pussy tensed, and I screamed
 as cum gushed out onto the cool decking. Nikki
 screamed. "I'm close mommy, Oh mommy, I'm gonna cum!"

 I grabbed the bottle from her hand and fucked her
 hard and furiously. Nikki's face showed her approaching
 orgasm. I pushed even more of the bottle up inside of
 her. "It hurts no more."

 "It's good for you Nikki." I put my hand on the
 bottom, and pushed with all my might. Nikki screamed
 in pain as the whole bottom vanish up her ass. I
 started slapping Nikki's clit as she dug her fingers
 deeper into her cunt. Nikki's whole body glistened
 with sweat. "Take it out please." I pulled on both
 of her swollen nipples. Nikki's body shook and jumped.
 "OOOoooooooh...."

 Nikki came like I had never seen before. Her body
 jerked and shook. Cum running down puddling under her.
 I stood up and watched her cum for more than a minute
 thrashing around uncontrollable on the pool decking.
 When she finally stopped, the bottle came shooting out
 of her ass, breaking as it hit the ground. 

  As I stood there a thought came to mind. What was
 I going to tell her when she sobered up. Her ass was
 sure to be sore. And her tits were swollen and bruised.
 I turned to ask the crowd what to do. They were all
 gone. Just puddles of cum where they had been standing.

 Great now what...I untied Nikki's ankles, and put
 her bikini on. I dragged her into the house and put
 her on the couch. 

 She came too six hours later. She groaned and
 looked down at her breasts. "God what happen". See
 lurched into the room. "Look at me Sam, my tits are
 all bruised."

 "Weeeell You, Fell, yea that's what happen. You had
 to much to drink and fell down."

 "But my ass hurts to."

 "Weeeell when you fell you pulled the picnic table
 down, and it hit your ass."

 Nikki shook the cobwebs from her head. "If the table
 hit my ass why does my, well my ass-hole hurt?"

 "You must have bruised it."

 "Your right I guess."

 "Where is every body?"

 "Well when you fell they got scared and left. You
 didn't look to hurt so I put you on the couch."

 "You are a good friend Sam thank for helping me."

 "Your welcome." I smiled to her. She got up and
 walked slowly to the door rubbing her sore breasts,
 and stuck her finger between her ass cheek and rubbed
 her sore asshole.

 "Do you need me to drive you home?"

 "No you've done enough, thanks." Nikki open the
 door.

 I called out "Maybe you and me can get together
 next week?"

 "Sure that would be fun." As she closed the door
 I thought...Yea it will be fun all right.

  The End







