Tanning for My Farm Boy 

I am a fairly young 22 year old divorcee who lives alone on a small farm. Got married young, stupidly, never worked and got out before we had any children. It's a gentleman's farm, with an old stone farmhouse, small barn and an inground pool on about 30 acres, with some chickens and goats. I have been divorced for about a year and to keep up with the yard mowing, flower beds, grass cutting, feeding the animals and cleaning out their pens, I hired a high school boy to work a few hours each week. The boy I hired is absolutley hot. He plays baseball and soccer, keeps himself in great shape, is about 6 foot tall, 165 pounds, blonde haired, blue eyed and sports a great tan during the summer months. I frequently lay poolside reading and sunning myself in my bikini during most of the hot summer days, working on my own tan. One day I was laying poolside and working on my tan, was laying face down on the chaisse lounge and had removed my top to eliminate the tan lines from the straps. As I lay there resting, I could see him working in the flower beds across from the pool area. He must have noticed that my top was off as he seemed to be very quiet and seemed to be finding ways to take a long time to do nothing, as he was constantly looking over at me. I believe he was hoping to get a glimpse of my breasts if I moved wrong or rolled over without covering. The thought of him spying on me was exciting and getting me hot thinking about what was going through this young boys mind. I laid there for 30 minutes as I tanned and teased him. He watched every move I made. It was obvious that he was looking and watching me. I was getting hot and wet thinking about a young man getting hot over me. I didn't have the courage to do anything so I just laid there, and eventually he had finished and came over and indicated he was done and going home. That night I blamed myself for blowing the perfect opportunity to expose my self to him and wondered what his reaction would be. I had never been an exhibitionist before but always wondered what it felt like and got excited thinking about doing stuff. I just never had the guts to carry anything out. Here was my chance and I didn't act? He had been working for me for several months, I had seen him in various degress of dress from fully clothed, to just sneakers and soccer shorts (no underwear),to wearing a skimpy speedo to clean my pool. He looked fabulous in a speedo and my imagination wandered as to his size, etc. as he looked tremendous in it. Each day I saw him I realized how hot this kid really was and found myself laying by poolside fantasizing about how big he might be, was he cut or uncut, shaved or natural, etc. A few days after the first pool voyuer episode, I decided to get a little bold and tease him a little more. He had come over about 10:00 a.m. to clean the barn, mow the grass and cut weeds. I made sandwiches for lunch and then told him I was heading poolside to tan if he needed me. I headed to the pool, spread my towel on the chaisse lounge, oiled up, sprawled out on the towel face-up and began to tan. After about 30 minutes I could hear him working behind me nearby in the yard. As I could hear him coming up behind my chair, I waited until he was close to the pool area and then decided to sit up and rollover and tease him a bit. This time I had my strings tied and as I sat up I could see him watching from my left side over the small hedge. As I sat up, he looked dissappointed as my top did not fall down and my tits did not fall out. The look on his face was dissappointed. As I rolled over, however, I could only imagine the look on his face when I layed face down on the chaisse, untied my top and slid it off (still not revealing any breasts), but I had changed swimsuit designs and was wearing a yellow skimpy string thong bikini bottom. As I laid there with my cheeks fully exposed and a narrow string covering my crack, I peeked out of the corner of my eye and by this time he had stood straight up and his mouth was open wide in amazement as he realized what I had on. I have a great body, stay in shape and can only imagine what it looked like to this high school hottie as he checked out my asscheeks. Just as I was getting hot and wet thinking about his reaction and how it affected him, I saw him scurry around towards the bottom side of my chair to get a closer look. All along I pretended to be sleeping. Where I was laying he could stay behind the bushes and still get within about 10 feet of my chair. I heard him working his way around the pool to get a better look. After about 5 minutes I heard him in the bushes near my feet and assumed he was staring at my ass with the thong string as my only covering. I was so turned on at this exhibition and could only imagine what he saw and how he reacted. After about 10 minutes, and it was apparent I was sleeping (or so he thought), I got bolder. I repositioned myself slightly on the chaisse by moving my legs wide apart and rolling sideways slightly. As I did this his view must have gotten much more erotic, as I heard him gasp. When I shifted my legs and body, my legs were now spread about 18 inches apart and I suspected he had a clear shot at my string covered anus and clitoris. With the movement of my body I had left my right boob slide out from under the towel and when I repositioned my boob was fully exposed hanging over the edge of the chaisse loung and obviously visible from the rear and side. I was getting very hot not knowing exactly what he could see and what it looked like, but assumed my tease act was working. After laying there for about 15 more minutes I decided to dip in the pool to cool off. I retied my top and headed to the pool. As I did that he came walking around the hedge and said hi, asked what I was doing, and if I needed anything. He was wearing only sneakers and nylon yellow soccer shorts that were failing miserably at concealing his wonderful huge hardon. It was all I could do to refrain from asking him to strip down and get over here as I was so hot and wet, and it was obvious that he was too. I could see a large wet spot in his shorts from what I suspect was dripping precum. I pretended not to notice the bulge and the wet spot. It was obvious he was undressing me with his eyes as his cock grew longer and more obvious as we talked. I apologized for wearing the thong, and said I hoped it didn't offend him or was too risque'. He commented that it was fine, and that I looked great in it and that it was my house and pool and whatever I decided to wear was my choice and O.K. with him. I indicated that I had to go into town for about three hours and when he finished mowing, if he wanted to swim and work on his tan, that was fine. He was welcome to help himself to his speedo, which he kept in the bathhouse for cleaning the pool, and I would unlock the door for him. As he headed for the mower, I headed for the bathhouse but did not unlock the door. I got in my car and he watched me drive away, and then headed for the mower shed. What he didn't notice was that 10 minutes later, while he was mowing behind the pool, I returned, parked my car in the garage and snuck back into the house. From the second floor I could see he was not in the barn, mowing or doing weeds, so I assumed he must have taken the immediate chance to swim and tan. So I waited another 15 minutes and then I slipped back into my thong bikini and slowly headed out to poolside to see what was up. I figured with the show he had seen and the size of his bulge that he was probably horny as hell and needed to cool down. As I approached the pool I heard the water splashing and decided to turn the tables on him as planned. With the only towel and his speedo locked in the bathouse, I assumed he was swimming in his soccer shorts and couldn't wait to see him in the wet shorts. I snuck behind the hedges and into my garden for a better secluded look. Through the bushes, to my surprise, I could see my earlier voyuer boy skinny dipping in the pool. He had his sneakers sitting on the grass and his shorts hanging on the fence on the other side of the yard. He was sprawled out face up on my raft in the pool fully exposed to the sun, bare ass naked with his cock flopping around laying on his leg. I couldn't see everything but it was obvious he was well endowed and I guessed it was probably about 5 inches limp and wondered how long it grew to when hard. I decided to just watch from the bushes as he did. After about 10 minutes he got off the raft and headed for the steps and out of the pool. There he was, about 10 feet in front of me and I could see his long thick penis dangling down his leg. It was huge, and limp and he had just gotten out of the water. By all rights his cock should have been shriveled up, but it was still dangling long and I think I underestimated it's length, as it had to be at least 6 inches soft to hang down his leg that far and reach down below his balls. I wondered how long this sausage would grow to once it dried off and hit the hot sun and got excited again. I finally had two questions answered though - He does not shave his pubic hair, and he was circumsized. He headed for the chaisse. He reached down and took my bottle of suntan oil I had conveniently left there by poolside, and stood up and oiled his entire body from head to toe, covering his cock and balls thoroughly and seemingly enjoying the application, as he took several minutes to oil up. To my dissappointment he laid face down on the lounge. However, I continued to spy on him as his hot ass and speedo tan made for great viewing. His tan lines were well defined from wearing his speedo at my house and his muscular body and ass were simply freakin hot. After about 10 minutes in the hot sun he seemed uncomfortable. He began to fidgit a bit and move in the chaisse. To my amazement, I saw him push himself up from the chaisse exposing a now obviously growing erection. When he laid back down he guided the head of his now enormous cock through the plastic straps in the lounge chair and as he nestled down on the lounge, his cock proturded through the chair and was fully exposed undereneath him and popping through the bottom. The sight was awesome and I was about 10 feet from the chair and could see every vein and muscle in his shaft and the swollen head of his cock. He began to move slowly up and down simulating sex and I could see every movement of his skin up and down the shaft. As I watched I began to slip my fingers down between my legs and slowly rubbed my groin, which had now become very wet and hot. It was difficult keeping quiet but I needed to see more, and didn't want to let on that I was watching him for fear of ruining the show. As I watched him move faster and faster, and thrust harder and deeper, I became hotter and wetter. As I watched and stared in delight as this young long, thick and hard as a rod cock,pushed up and down through the chair, I realized I needed something large and stiff in my pussy as my fingers weren't getting it done. I began thinking what I could do to satisfy my desire for a hard prick sliding in and out of me, when before I realized what I was doing I had reached down and taken a cuccumber from my garden patch. The cuccumber looked to be about the same size as his penis and maybe even a little shorter and thinner. It looked, from where I was, that this young high school stallion could be gifted with a 10 inch cock. I took the cuccumber to my mouth, took as much in as I could to get it wet, and then as I watched him slide his cock up and down through the lounge chair straps I found myself burrying the cuccumber up my pussy. To my delight he stood up, and turned over and there he lay with a huge hardon laying on his stomach and the swollen head of his cock ready to explode. He laid back, grabbed the suntan oil bottle and applied some more oil to his shaft and then took both hands to his tool and stroked quickly. As I watched I could feel the cuccumber taking affect and I was ready to climax. I needed him in me, so bearing the pain, I began to shudder and thrust the full pretend cock deep into my pussy, and looked down to watch the cuccumber dissappear into my cunt and burried to the hilt. I watched as he yelled loudly and grunted as he shot his load all the way up to his face and chest. I had never seen anyone shoot cum further than I saw this boy ejaculate his load. As I watched him shoot his load I came in a violent orgasm that sent chills down to my toes. I needed to surprise him, so as soon as I had finished I left the cuccumber lay in the garden and headed around the hedge to poolside, pretending to come home early. This was my chance to catch him naked and turn the embarrassing table on him. I approached the pool from his feet area and he didn't see me until I let out an Oh my god. He sat up quickly, still with the streams of white cum on his face and chest and whiped it off with his hand. He quickly went to cover his genitals with his hand, but I indicated it was too late for that I already saw his penis and there was nothing left to hide. I assured him that although I was surprised to see him naked and obviously had caught him jerking off, that it was O.K. I said that all high school boys masterbate and it's good any healthy to be able to do it when and with whomever you're with. It's not good to keep the juices bottled up when it needs to be released. All boys need to do it and that women do it too. He had nothing to be ashamed of and nothing to hide. He thanked me for understanding and not being mad, and my openess about nudity and jerking off. I apologized for coming home early and complimented him on the size of his penis and apologized for not unlocking the door. He indicated that he was sorry, but that I had forgotten to unlock the door and he didn't have his speedo and didn't want to get his only pair of shorts wet to go home in. One thing lead to the other, and he got a little excited skinny dipping and tanning naked, and when he oiled his body up he felt turned on. I indicated that everything was fine, I wasn't telling his parents, as quite honestly, he looked really nice naked, had a great body, a great tan, and was most womens fantasy with a huge cut cock and balls, and natural (not shaved). I said that as long as he could keep this our little secret space where we can both be open, nude, and pleasure ourselves when we need to, if he wanted to swim that way all the time, that was fine with me. Since that encounter that afternoon we have had about 15 - 20 times we have skinny dipped and tanned naked together poolside and both have marveled at our bodies, while keeping the physical contact to our fantasies. He has secretly seen me masterbate poolside by my designed plan, and I have secretly watched him jerk off many times poolside creating one heck of a fantasy for both of us. He continued to work for me for the remainder of the summer and fall and will return next summer for more fun. 
