Lydia The Nympho 
By Mysteria27

 Michael Boyd and his girlfriend Lydia met over a month ago. Michael couldn’t believe how sexy she was. The girl liked to have sex all the time and even got turned on when they were out. Michael was always excited when she wanted to have sex in public which was most days. Lydia was beautiful and got a lot of attention from men. She was a looker and liked the attention. Men whistled at her and made derogatory comments which made her smile.
 Sometimes, Michael felt she would put on a show for attention. She also liked to dress risque and some women would become enraged at her and whisper when she was around. Michael and Lydia met at a bar. She walked right up to him and said she wanted to fuck him. His buddies couldn’t believe it, and neither could he. He didn’t know if she was full of shit or just a horny nympho.
 Lydia bought Michael a drink. While at the bar, she put her hand over his pants and rubbed at his slacks. Lydia was a nympho, and Michael just played along. She drank her drink fast and took Michael’s hand, and led him to a lounge down the corridor. She pushed him against the wall and continued moving her hand up and down his slacks. Michael was hard and horny, and Lydia was like an animal in heat. She unzipped his trousers and pulled his pants and boxers down. She was wild and looked at him while getting him ready.
 She opened her mouth and accepted his hard dick down her throat. She moaned while giving him head. She held his balls and lightly squeezed them while taking more and more of his cock down her throat. Michael couldn’t believe his luck. He was more than excited while she blew him. Michael didn’t want to blow his load. He controlled himself and hoped there would be more to this sexy endeavor.
 She told him to sit down on the couch. She hiked up her skirt where Michael found out she wasn’t wearing panties and sat down on his cock. She fucked him on the sofa while women came and went from the lounge. Lydia rocked her body on his cock. She took out her breasts from her spandex-like shirt and put Michael’s big hands on her tits.
 Michael held her big tits in his hands while she used him. He couldn’t believe that this hot girl wanted him like that. At this point, she hadn’t mentioned her name but was fucking Michael like a wild beast. Her pussy was so tight and wet, and Michael’s cock felt nice in her warm dark hole.
 Michael watched the hot nympho fuck him, and when she came, she screamed in pleasure. There was an audience watching her as she fucked Michael. In the end, she told him her name and said she wanted to go out with him again.
 Since that day, they have seen each other every day, and every day she has put out. Each time they go on their date, Lydia fucks Michael. She claims she’s an exhibitionist and gets off with people watching. Michael is just an average guy. He’s not the best-looking guy, but his girlfriend is a major babe. She is the girl that everybody wants to fuck. Michael likes that everybody looks at her and wants her. He knows his girlfriend gets off by the attention men give her. He wonders if she is faithful and sometimes worries that she has a pile of “friends with benefits.”

*****

 Michael and Lydia had been dating for a month. She was lots of fun, and Michael was enjoying her. His friends couldn’t believe how hot Lydia was and that Lydia liked Michael. Michael just went along with everything she said because he wanted to continue being with her. Who wouldn’t want to be with the hottest girl?
 Lydia picked Michael up in a cherry red convertible. He wondered where they were going. Lydia always wore skirts or dresses for easy access to her cunt. She liked sex and wanted it almost everywhere she went. Michael found her to be incredibly sexy and just was glad she liked him.
 “Baby, where are we off to?”
 “A movie. I found this weird place where it’s okay to have sex in the movie theater.”
 “What kind of movies do they have?”
 “Porn!”
 “Porn? What is it like an adult theater?”
 “I don’t know. We can fuck there. I always wanted to fuck in a movie theater watching porn.”
 “You are a sexy bitch. Have you always been like this?”
 “I guess. Maybe some people will play with us.”
 “Like perverts?”
 “I don’t know, Michael. Maybe some other men that I have invited.”
 “Like other guys you fuck?”
 “Don’t worry about it. I am your girlfriend, but I do have other men friends who fancy me.”
 Michael knew she was a cheater, and this confirmed it. But he did wonder where they were going and how many guys she was going to fuck there. Michael enjoyed his time with her. He hoped he could keep this incredibly sexy woman. He wondered how many of these “friends” she had invited to this different movie place.
 They arrived at this strange theater. It was called “Lucky Shot.” They were showing vintage porn movies. Lydia parked, and Michael and Lydia walked into the dump. Lydia paid for the tickets, and they walked into the dark theater. The film played on the big screen.
 Michael and Lydia found a seat in the middle of the theater. There were about three other men who were there. Most of the men were older—men who were in their sixties.
 After they sat down, all the men moved to where they sat. One guy sat on the other side of Lydia, and the two other men sat behind her. Lydia wasted no time and removed her dress. She sat naked in the theater, unzipped Michael’s pants, and ordered him to pull them down.
 The men behind Lydia put their hands on her breasts. Each guy hand one of her glorious tits in their hands. They rubbed her and played with her tits. The guy next to her rubbed at her fit stomach while Lydia jerked Michael off.
 Michael was enjoying her hand on his cock. There were hands all over Lydia, which was exciting her while porn played on the movie screen. Other people came in, and all sat in the vicinity of Michael and Lydia. Lydia and Michael became the movie to watch.
 The guy on the side of Lydia began rubbing at her pussy which was already quite wet. Lydia wanted to fuck Michael. She moved the hands off her body and climbed onto Michael’s cock. She fucked Michael in the chair while her big tits shook. All the men watched her fuck him. She was a hot chick who was naked in this seedy dump where all these old geezers had their hands on their cocks.
 They were jerking off while watching Lydia fuck Michael. She was fucking him like an animal. Michael held her big tits in his hands while Lydia fucked Michael hard. He blasted her pussy with his cream, and Lydia screamed in ecstasy. She climbed off of Michael and calmed down in her seat.
 “Baby, that was so hot. I need to pee. I’ll be right back. Maybe you should get dressed.”
 “Get some snacks. I’m starving, handsome.”
 Michael left, and the three geezers moved closer to Lydia.
 “Lydia, you are the hottest piece of ass. Fuck us now!”
 “You guys want my pussy? Okay. Let’s go over to the stage. You can all fuck me over there.”
 Lydia and the three geezers went to the stage. She knew them all and was going to have sex while Michael got the snacks. She knew everybody who worked there and paid them extra to take time to get the snacks. It gave her plenty of time to have a naughty threesome with her three older friends.
 One guy got on his back on the floor. Lydia climbed on top of him while she eased down on his cock. He sat up and played with her glorious tits. Another guy rolled a condom on his prick, held her buttocks apart, and pushed into her butt. They fucked the slutty girl while filthy porn played on the screen.
 There were lots of men in the theater who cheered as the two men fucked the hot girl. The other guy stood and pushed his cock into Lydia’s throat. She sucked his cock while the two other men rode her ass and pussy. They all blew their loads in her.
 The rest of the men cheered her on, and she hurried back to her chair, where Michael eventually came back with beer and popcorn, and other food. Lydia had put back her dress, and most of the men had left the theater.
 “Sorry, baby, the guy was so slow. Did you miss me?”
 “Of course, darling. Let’s take the snacks and go back to the car.”
 “Are you sure?”
 “Yea. Today was fun. I want to be with my honey now.”
 Michael wondered if Lydia meant that. He knew she liked men and hoped she was good when he went to get snacks. Michael did hear a lot of cheering when Michael was waiting for the food. He didn’t want to see his girlfriend cheating. He knew she probably did but just enjoyed her attention.
 He knew Lydia was a fast girl and knew she wouldn’t be his wife. He would enjoy her and their time together. He hoped he could keep up with his sexy girlfriend, who loved sex everywhere she went.
 