Agreement

There are some things best not know about as it can destroy you.

Three years ago my wife and I made an agreement that we'd have a couple of `away-days' each year when we could do anything we wanted with no questions asked. This wasn't something that just happened but rather following a couple of `incidents' which resulted in us having an honest discussion about how we felt about each other and our trust.

My experience came from a girl at my wife's office who after a dance during which we kissed (she was very forward as she knew my wife was watching)  she offered sex openly, in front of my wife, which while embarrassing was a very huge ego boost. She was really pretty and very persistent even suggested that if Tay (my wife) felt concerned she could watch if she really wanted! Actually Tay took this better than you might expect although we slipped away early to avoid any further issues.

Just a few weeks after this Tay got drunk and admitted to letting a man `feel her up' which I took to mean a petting session not that she admitted to touching him back. When we discussed both incidents my wife admitted she now wished I'd had the opportunity to be with Kim but only if she'd not know about it. Then she admitted the same probably applied in reverse with the guy at the club.

It was something I was struggling with and when we talked it through we agreed that if we'd had a green light those times (and been alone, without partner or friends) then both of us would have gone the whole way, yet strangely that didn't stop us loving one another.

We talked in depth and agreed that if something like this did happen then it would have to be very private and further it would be best if neither of us shared the details. Slowly this formed into an actual agreement;

We'd only go out two or three times a year, we'd take turns, we'd keep it private and we also agreed it would stop if one of us felt it was changing our relationship in any way whatsoever.

Now talking is one thing but I think we were both a little unsure about going ahead so it was a long time before my wife asked if the `agreement was still on the table and when I said yes she announced she was going to take her first away-day the next weekend.

I think all week she expected me to stop her and if I'd said no she'd have given up on the idea but I was true to my word and didn't. The week passed and off she went returning the following afternoon without a word and as agreed we didn't discuss it at all. I knew she could have had sex with someone but she was so, well herself, after that I decided it wasn't something to worry about. Now I decided to have one of my own a month or so later but all that happened was a drunken evening and sleep on the sofa of a mate.

Slowly it evolved into a regular pattern of taking turns every other month so basically we had three each the first year and four each the next. 

Only once did I actually have sex in all that time and it was a rather rushed event with a rather slutty woman outside a club. I was left feeling a little short changed because frankly the following guilt wasn't worth it. I did then mention stopping but Tay pointed out that our relationship was as good as ever then added that it was also a good way of blowing off a little steam, as safety valve.

It of course made me realise she was certainly getting more from these events than I was but she is pretty and while I'm not bad looking it was still easier for her than me I guess. Now I should add we didn't have sex for a day or two after these times away from each other because we'd agreed neither of us wanted to invite comparisons.

Then into this year she told me she was away-daying again only like the previous three times this meant two nights away (id' done this just once so far). For the first time (well second as her first away-day was a nervous time for me) I fretted about her and wanted to discover what she was planning. Despite telling myself it was unfair especially as my previous time had been my second sexual encounter with a rather attractive, if old, married woman, I still felt compelled to find out.

In the end I concluded I needed to follow her just to see but made sure she left first only I discovered following someone is actually hard especially when you can't get close. Somehow I didn't loose her until we arrived at a town some fifty minutes from home. I was forced to give up but went for a beer in a pub in town just in case but of course there was no chance of seeing her.

It was simply good fortune when I spotted her car driving up a side road just as I came out of a petrol station having filed up before going home. I followed her to a pub and watched as she got out with two men. Now I need to add at this point Tay is five two about eight stone, slim, pretty (not a model but nice) and always dresses smart.

The woman I saw get out of the car was dressed like a complete tramp. She had on really tight hot-pants (the only way I can describe them) some glittery tights under them and ridiculous heels. She was with two towering black men both really big; one big and fat the other taller but just large not overweight. The fat guy put an arm around her as she waddled into the place. She actually kissed him as they went in causing my stomach to knot.

I was both shocked and confused, my wife has never shown any indication she like black men nor indeed liked dressing too trampishly but there she was. Further these were clothes I knew she didn't own so I could only assume she kept them somewhere else which mean this wasn't the first time she was out with the black guys and that made me feel worse.

Things flashed through my head; was it an affair? Did she see the guys outside these evenings? Was she about to leave me for him/them? Christ I regretted seeing her now but it was too late and I had to find out what was happening so I decided to follow but not go in just get a closer look. I went to the front window.

Inside my wife was hugging her black man and looking about, I could tell that the patrons were mainly black and mostly men. Tay turned side on and I could see the flimsy top she wore which was even from the distance I was away virtually transparent and it actually made me feel sick. I then did something potentially more stupid I rushed to the door and bowled in.

By rights she should have seen me; being one of only three or for white faces in the place but luckily she was moving to the far end into another room. I had to wait as most of the place seemed to be on the move before I could follow but I'd not got even three paces before a man stopped me and told me sorry but it was a private party tonight.

So basically I was shoved out of the door and looked on as a sign was posted that said as much then the door shut and was locked. Now I'm no detective and when I tried to find a window round the back I simply found myself looking into the wrong space. I persevered and eventually, after finding the room with curtains drawn, I found a spot near another window where I had a limited view of the inside.

So here I was, a bit cold and cramped and still concerned I might get caught but so worried by Tay I just had to stay. At first I could see nothing at all except some backs and a few heads but eventually when it settled I got a brief glimpse of a stage before bodies shut out the view again.

Now I might never have seen anything except a man came to the window and opened it to let in some air. How he missed me, I don't know how, but he did so I could not only hear some music once I stood up and moved a little I could see everything as the cold air made the crowd move a little.

Tay was already up on stage her top off sucking the tall guy to whoops and jeers, the man had a cock that must have been a foot long yet she took it down her throat with practiced ease. She did it for maybe five minutes until the fat guy came on stage showing a simply obscene cock; it was bent with a massive end on it that was so fat it looked like a cricket ball. Tay didn't miss a beat and worked on him only she was sucking his balls and licking the shaft as it was much too big to get in her mouth.

The first guy was pulling off her shorts and the tights with them (she had removed her boots already) then she got onto all fours as he pushed his cock to the hilt. I'm not going to expand on this except to say he did her for several minutes then the fat guy took his go and I was amazed, as was the rest of the audience, that she got him in her and the first guy went to her mouth and the did her together for the next five minutes or so.

Then they stopped and some words were said by Tay which cause some laughter and clapping then my wife walked about the audience and select a man who came to the front and sat on a chair. Tay undid his trousers and then sucked him as one of the studs took her. This continued until the man actually came in her mouth to huge cheers as Tay made great play showing the cum in her mouth before swallowing.
 After the man left the stage Tay then chose another and then a third all of whom she got to cum in her mouth. Then with much shouting (very obscene comments to my wife and about her) she selected a forth only this time he was allowed to put on a condom and use her until he came, which only took moments.

For a finale Tay lay on her back on a bench and the fat guy hammered at her until he withdrew and shot his load over her moments before the tall man came over her face as she released him from her mouth. I was staggered by this and more so as she got up and to massed applause she walked about the audience collecting tips while they touched her all over. I left my hiding place while she was still dressing and made it back to my car where I sat numb.

I felt genuinely ill. I know I wasn't supposed to know what she did or care as she was still the sweet wife of two years ago with me yet it had been so disgusting and degrading I didn't believe she would ever be the same again. In fact I felt sure when she came home on Sunday she'd have turned into the slut I'd just seen. I was still in tears when she emerged ten minutes later and she drove away back towards the centre of town again so I followed. This time I kept close as I'd half decided to confront her so I saw her drop off the tall man before parking a few minutes drive away near a block of flats. She left arm in arm with the fat guy heading towards an apartment on the upper floor. I followed but never located them so reluctantly I went home.

I don't know why I went back the next afternoon but when I found her car still there I waited. I went to a bar on the corner where I sat outside drinking a beer hoping I could confront her and this black lover she'd fallen for only she came out around eight (dressed like a tramp again) with the big man and they were in the car and off before I'd even grabbed my jacket. Following wasn't so easy but after a couple of mistakes I saw her entering a house a few miles from the pub she'd performed in the day before. I parked then followed on foot to discover the place was actually a private residence. I was only just past the front door considering if I should knock or could sneak down the side when the big guy came out again and went towards the car which he drove away in.

I then decided it was best to spy on her first so slipped through the side gate and tried to find out what was going on. Actually it was easier than I'd expected because my wife was visible through the un-curtained back windows. She was already on her knees sucking a black guy while three others sat talking. This time I felt so impotent that I simply found a seat in the garden, well beyond the light spilling from the window where I could see everything deciding the right time to leave. She had become a slut and our marriage was over and I knew she'd come home and pack her backs tomorrow.

The man held my wife's head as it bobbed up and down as his other hand held a beer. Now again I need not go into too much detail except to say that she sucked of each in turn for about thirty minutes. Then she was stood bent over the sofa and a man took her. Christ I could see Tay thrashing about and gripping the seat and it was only after I realised she was having anal sex. The next half hour I saw her taken by all the other three one of which seemed to climax inside her as I realised I saw no condoms being used. I decided the time to leave was shortly after this when she was on her back another man pounding her hard while the other two knelt by her head as she went from cock to cock sucking in turn.

That night I slept badly then spent the morning working out what I could say to her and how I felt about the destruction of my marriage, which I had to admit, was just as much my fault as hers because I'd allowed it to happen. What was the really distressing aspect was her black boyfriend who was both fat and not particularly attractive yet the brief time I'd seen them together it was clear they were in love. She came home the next day and as I braced myself for the news she gave me a big kiss told me she'd missed me then went about the rest of the day as if she'd been at my side all the time. In fact I could not point at one tiny aspect that had altered; her looks (nice, sweet even and not the merest hint of the slut), her attitude towards me was loving and sure and in all other things she was unchanged.

I realised then that whatever happened that weekend wasn't the first time (which I knew anyway) but also so far had no effect on our relationship except I now knew that she done some truly awful things. So she resumed her life with me as if nothing had happened and I concluded that actually the weekend wasn't an exceptional one for her; just her `normal' away-day! Of course I guessed what she would do the next week she was out and despite telling myself I should leave it I knew I had to follow again.

Now just to test her I moved my date back then made plans which forced her to move her weekend yet again but she was very happy to so, which suggested that whatever she was doing she wasn't obsessed with it. I will admit I also tried to catch her out a few times but I am now certain she is faithful to me outside these times away.

So her next time out (four months after the last time) I lost her in traffic but found her car outside the big man's place when I searched for it. I watched her leave again dressed as a tart and all over the guy but I then lost her and because she didn't go to the pub or the other house I had to give up and go home. I came back the next day when I did follow her this time to a lay-by and she hit a new low as I saw her happily dogging for a couple of hours. That time, apart from her big black lover she had white cocks (lots of them in every hole and she swallowed a lot of cum) although thankfully they all used something when in her pussy.

That was the last time she had her turn and I'm not sure what to do now. The graphic images of her, especially in the private room in the pub, still haunt me and her seeming delight when she's with the fat black guy makes me sick. I must also add, not once has she mentioned anything about these trips, nor has she seemed dissatisfied with sex with me and further she is still her sweet lovely self to all around us. I guess she has an extreme need she has to scratch.

I would also add that the last time we chatted about our agreement she told me sincerely that while she had, like me, had sex (no specifics) she loved me with all her heart and added that if anything these little trips only reinforce how much she loves me as I am, and that she never wants me to change. She is due to go out next and I don't know if I should follow her or not.

I really wish I didn't know what she was doing as it is far beyond my worst nightmares.
