 
               --===CAMP: Ron's Journey, Chapter 16===--
 
Chapter 16
 
Research
 
 
 
    For the next few weeks, Ron devoted his time to teaching
Michelle, and to a lesser extent Karen, the "tricks of the trade" of
psionics. Michelle progressed rapidly, finishing up most of her work
in five weeks. Karen took longer, but did eventually catch on.
Michelle achieved the level of psion-11. Karen's present level was
only psion-8, but that would improve as she matured. Finally, it was
time to get down to some real work.
 
 
 
...---=== http://netwolf.wolfpub.org ===---...
 
 
 
    "So, am I going to get to help you with your project, or
are you through with me?" Michelle asked, after Ron had presented her
with her "graduation" certificate.
 
    "Mickey, you can stick around as long as you like. And I
would appreciate some help with this project. I have no idea where to
begin."
 
    "Well, what do we have to do?"
 
    "Oh, nothing much. Just be able to control the minds of
everyone in the United States." Sarcasm was dripping from Ron's voice.
 
    "How?" Michelle inquired.
 
    "If I knew that, I'd already be working on it. We have two
basic options: audio and video. Audio is easier to work with, so we'll
start there."
 
    "Whatever you say, Boss." She replied with a smirk. Ron
was caught short, then saw the look on her face.
 
    "Not now, Mickey, we've got work to do." Her face fell
until he added, "Maybe later, after we get some stuff done here." And,
with that, they set about doing some research into audio technology and
the effects of sound on the brain.
 
 
 
...---=== http://netwolf.wolfpub.org ===---...
 
 
 
    Three weeks later, and their first experiment was ready to
run. Of course, it was hard to get work finished, what with all the
interruptions for 'extracurricular events,' but somehow they managed.
 
    "Okay, Mickey, it's ready. Or, at least, I *think* it's
ready. Who do we test it on?"
 
    "Why not try it on me? I trust you." That was reassuring
to know, Ron thought.
 
    "It won't work. I already tried it on myself. Whatever it
is in our heads, they block out this kind of subconscious signaling.
I'm hoping that doesn't mean it won't work on regular people."
 
    "What about the family members?"
 
    "Well, what if it screws up their heads? I don't want to
lose any more family." Ron was still upset at Dawn's leaving. His
last report from Peter said that Dawn was doing well at FSU, and that
she had some very strange notions about their relationship. Ron didn't
know what that meant, but he couldn't worry too much about it. He
pulled himself back to their conversation, as he realized that Michelle
had said something that he missed. 

    "I'm sorry. My mind wandered for a second. What did you
ask?"
 
    "Ron, you need to stop worrying about Dawn. You think no
one else here cares? Hey, it was her decision. You've done all you
can." Michelle reached over and embraced him, but then pulled back.
"What I asked was why we didn't just use a high-school student?"
 
    It was almost like smacking him in the face. "Damn! Why
didn't I think of that? Mickey, that's a perfect idea. What would I
do without you?"
 
    "Flounder like a fish out of water, but that's okay. I'll
collect payment later." The smile on her face said she would enjoy
collecting, very much.
 
    "Let's go, I think I... oh, shit. It's not time for school
yet. Wait! What about college kids? They're still in summer session
over at the Community College."
 
    "C'mon! How are we gonna get college kids to work with us?"
 
    "Money. Something we have, and they want. It'll work, for
sure. Let's go."
 
 
 
-----
 
 
 
    There were many to choose from on campus. They discussed
alternate ways of approaching them, and deciding which ones to use.
 
    "Hello again." Said a familiar voice, from behind them.
They both turned, and Ron recognized the young man. A quick scan
showed that this guy was ready for contact. Unfortunately, Ron really
didn't have the time for this. On the other hand...
 
    "Hi there, Jeff! Michelle, this is Jeff Durant. He's a
student here. What is it, third semester?"
 
    Jeff was taken a little by surprise. He didn't remember
giving this kid his name. "Starting my third shortly. Excuse me, but
I don't seem to..."
 
    Ron interrupted. "Not here, Jeff. Is there someplace
private we can talk?" Michelle looked quizzically at Ron, so he leaned
over to whisper in her ear. "He's another psionic, and he's ready for
contact. I think we can use his help to pick our subjects." Michelle
smiled and nodded.
 
    "Well, I suppose the cafe is pretty empty about now." Jeff
responded.
 
    "That'll do, if we can speak quietly for a moment, I think
some things will become clear to you." Jeff led them over to the
Student Union building, and they took up a seat in an empty snack bar.
 
    "The lunch crowd won't be in for another half hour. I hope
you don't need more time than that?"
 
    "I shouldn't, though you and I are going to need to talk a
lot from now on. My name is Ron Chaffey. This is my associate,
Michelle. You are Jeff Durant, and you have an unusual talent that we
need to talk about." Ron saw his face go white, and was afraid the guy
was going to bolt on him. "Relax. I'm not here to judge your
activities. Whatever you've done couldn't have possibly been any more
perverted than the shit I started with." *And am still doing,* Ron
added to himself with a smile.
 
    "Who ARE you? What do you want with me?"
 
    "Chill out, Jeff. Look, I represent an agency that deals
with people like us. People with The Ability. Lately, you've come to
understand that you can... do things, that you couldn't do before."
 
    "Yeah..." Jeff responded hesitantly.
 
    "You're just now hitting the tip of a very large iceberg.
What you've discovered is just the bacon bits on the salad." Even Ron
thought that was corny, but it got his point across. "The agency I
represent was formed to help you learn to control The Ability, and to
live with its consequences."
 
    "What is this agency called? Are they feds?"
 
    "Everyone worries about that. No, the federal government
doesn't even know of CAMP's existence, beyond its tax forms. For
rather obvious reasons, CAMP has never been audited." Ron smiled, and
Jeff returned it. "CAMP, which stands for the Corporation for the
Advancement of Mental Proficiency, is a community of people with The
Ability, people we call psionics. We are hoping you will be interested
in becoming a member of this community."
 
    For the next twenty-five minutes, Ron and Jeff talked and
discussed. As they were finishing up talking about CAMP, the lunch
crowd started to arrive.
 
    "Do you have some time now, Jeff?" Michelle asked, finally
speaking. Jeff seemed startled at her question.
 
    "She doesn't say much, but listen when she does," said Ron.
 
    "Well, I don't have any more classes today. What did you
have in mind?"
 
    "Not what you're thinking!" She added a smile to ease the
wound. "We need a little help with an experiment, and we were hoping
you'd be willing to help out."
 
    "Hey, I ain't nobody's guinea pig."
 
    "You misunderstand," replied Ron. "All we want from you is
information. Our experiment wouldn't work on you, anyway. We need
a... oh, for lack of a better term, a 'normal'."
 
    "Oh. Well, in that case, sure, no problem. What do ya
need?"
 
    "We need two subjects, male and female. They should either
not be acquainted, or they should dislike each other." Michelle laid
out the guidelines. <*Let me do this part, please? I've got an idea.>*
 
    Ron didn't know what she had in mind, but it sounded good.
<*Okay, babe. Go for it.>* Ron wasn't sure if she'd be offended at
that particular term of endearment, but it didn't seem to faze her any.
 
    They sat there through lunch, and Jeff pointed out two
subjects. One was a nerdy type, clumsy, and obviously unpopular. The
other was one of the cheerleaders for the college.
 
    "Cheerleaders? At a community college?" Ron asked.
 
    "Well, we do have a rugby team, and a ladies basketball
team. They're real small leagues, but we are active." 

    Having decided on their targets, Ron and Michelle went to
work. Ron let Michelle handle the cheerleader, so as not to seem
threatening, or, worse yet, like he was trying to hit on someone three
years his senior. He headed for the nerd.
 
    "Excuse me, sir? May I speak to you for a moment?"
 
    The young man looked up, surprised to see such a young
person in front of him. Rather than the annoyed response Ron was
expecting, the guy was rather pleasant.
 
    "Sure. What can I do for you? Have a seat."
 
    "Well, my name is Ron. As I'm sure you can tell, I'm not
quite old enough to be going here yet."
 
    "Yeah, that was pretty obvious. So why are you here?"
 
    "I'm doing a science project for a national competition. I
need a subject who is willing to help me out. I can't use any of my
classmates, because I don't want anyone to find out what I'm working
on. I expect to win first place."
 
    "What's the project about?"
 
    "Oh, it has to do with human response to aural stimulus."
Ron had learned lots of big words relating to auditory science in the
last few weeks. "Did I forget to mention that the volunteers would be
paid?"
 
    "Yes, as a matter of fact, you did." His eyes really lit
up at that thought. "How much?"
 
    "Well, I'll need help for about four hours or so, and I
figured to pay each person $100. How does that sound?"
 
    "That's quite a lot of money. How do you have that much?"
The guy was a little suspicious, but $100 was enough to feed him for
the month, so he was definitely interested.
 
    "Oh, my family is quite wealthy. Besides, if I win the
contest, I get like $50,000, so it's no big deal, I'm borrowing the
money from my old man. He says if I don't win, he's gonna cut my
allowance in half until I pay it back, but I'm sure I can win."
 
    "Okay, just one more question. Why'd you pick me?"
 
    "An honest question. You looked like the smartest guy in
the room, and one who would understand scientific discovery." Play on
the man's vanity, and you'll get what you want. This, Ron had learned
from his mother, who had done it to him often enough.
 
    "That's cool. When do you want to do it?"
 
    Ron motioned him to wait a second. <*Mickey? How's it
going?>*
 
*    <No problem here, Ron. She's good to go. She does want
to know how much she gets paid, though.>*
 
*    <$100. When can she do it?>*
 
*    <Whenever. She skips class half the time, anyway. Or so
she says.>* They were avoiding the use of their power, to make sure
the experiment worked, and not them.
 
*    <Alright. Hang tight, I'll see when this guy can do it.>*
 
    "Okay... hey, what's your name, anyhow?"
 
    "I was wondering when you'd roll around to that. It's
Kyle."
 
    "Okay, Kyle. What time is good for you?"
 
    "Anytime after 2:00. My last class ends then."
 
    "Okay, I want you to go to this address at 3:00, today. We
should finish by 7:00 at the latest. Please, do not be late."
 
    "I won't." Ron got up, and they shook hands. He headed
over to where Michelle was sitting with the cheerleader. He avoided
looking at her in anything more than a cursory way, to prevent her
thinking he was sizing her up, and then turned to Michelle.
 
    "Everything okay here?"
 
    "Yeah, no sweat. When do you want to run the experiment?"
 
    Ron turned to look at the girl. "Is 3:00 okay for you?"
 
    "Yeah, fine. Look, how long is this gonna take? I got a
date at 9:00."
 
    "You'll be through by then. We shouldn't go any later than
7:00." Ron handed her a slip of paper. "Please do not be late. There
are instructions on the paper how to get to the address." The girl got
up and left.
 
    "She doesn't seem very pleasant, Mickey."
 
    "She isn't. That's exactly what I wanted."
 
    "Just what do you have in mind?"
 
    "You'll see."
 
 
 
-----
 
 
 
    Both participants showed up promptly at 3:00. Michelle led
them into the room they were using as a lab. It had been converted,
with a two way mirror, and audio-visual equipment all over the place.
 
    "Okay, if you will both sit down, I'll need to ask some
questions of you. Some of these questions are kind of personal, but
let me assure you that none of the results will be released using names
of any kind. You will each be identified as a number. Turning to
Kyle, she said, "Your number is 412." To the girl, "And yours is 413.
You will each get a copy of the final report, before actual
publication. That ensures that no one is displeased with the way their
data was handled. Do you both understand?" After getting nods from
both, she proceeded with the questioning. After the obvious of height,
weight, age, etc., Michelle moved on to the more interesting questions.
 
    "Now, these next questions are critical to the experiment.
I need an honest answer from both of you on all counts. I understand
these things may be embarrassing, but remember we are doing science
here. Now then, 412, have you ever previously had sexual intercourse?"
 
    Michelle could see the guy was not comfortable answering
the question. He looked furtively over at the girl, and blushed.
 
    "I need an answer, 412," Michelle prodded.
 
    "No." He responded quietly. 

    "Very well. 413?"
 
    "Of course I have. I'm no damned virgin." Her look of
contempt showed what she thought of 412.
 
    "I see. Okay, 413, at what stage are you in your monthly
cycle?"
 
    "What the fuck has that got to do with anything?"
 
    "Just answer the question, please."
 
    "Presently, four days past the end of my period."
 
    "Thank you. Okay, one final question to both of you: do
you find anyone else in this room sexually stimulating? 412?"
 
    "Yes," he replied quietly.
 
    "Who?" Michelle was relentless.
 
    "Both of you," was the response. Michelle found this
surprising only slightly. She admitted she had a good body, but was
surprised to get a reaction out of a college student.
 
    "Thank you very much, 412. 413?"
 
    "Not in the least." She gave 412 a look of revulsion.
Michelle was having to restrain herself from hauling off and whacking
413. She had never understood the attitude of superiority of some
women. Michelle was a genuinely helpful person, and liked to make
everyone around her cooperate, and generally treat each other with
respect. She found 413's attitude to be in non-compliance with her
outlook on life, and that was why she had chosen her for the experiment.
 
    "Please wait here. Ron will be in shortly to explain the
experiment to you." Michelle left the two of them alone. No
conversation was exchanged whatsoever.
 
 
 
-----
 
 
 
    "What was all that about, Mickey?"
 
    "I just wanted to see what they were like, that's all.
They fit my plan perfectly."
 
    "Okay, fine. You want to enter your commands to them now?"
 
    "Yeah, let me do that while you go explain the experiment
to them. I need to only say things once, right?"
 
    "That's right. The computers will take care of the rest of
it."
 
    "Okay, thanks." She gave him a quick kiss, and then ducked
into the sound room.
 
 
 
-----
 
 
 
    The atmosphere back in the lab was chilly at best when Ron
walked in. "Well, folks, we're almost ready to start the test. What's
about to happen is pretty straightforward. We want you both to sit
comfortably, and stare at this wall in front of you. I suppose stare
is the wrong word. You can close your eyes if you choose, we'd just
like to cut down on as much visual input as possible, so don't look
around. Then, we'll play some sounds. It'll take about fifteen
minutes for this first one, and then I'll come in and ask for your
reactions to it. I realize this may seem strange to you now. My
questions later will make things clearer. Please, just sit back and
relax, and enjoy the session." Ron made sure they were both
comfortable, and headed out of the room to the sound booth.
 
    "Everything ready in here, babe?"
 
    "Sure is. Come on in, we can watch from here."
 
    "Wait a second. You mind telling me what you've got
programmed in there?"
 
    "Well, the guy is just going to become a little less shy,
and much less inhibited. The girl is about to find this guy completely
irresistible. Kind of like I find you..." There was a familiar
twinkle in her eye.
 
    "Not now, damn it! We've got to see if this works."
Meanwhile, Ron mentally prodded the pleasure center in her brain. She
shuddered from the endorphin rush.
 
    "I love it when you do that," she cooed. More seriously,
she continued, "Okay, we're ready to give it a shot, if you approve."
 
    "Hey, why not? Let's run with it." Into the PA system, he
said, "All right, guys, here goes. Like I said, just relax." He
nodded to Michelle, who started the computer program.
 
 
 
-----
 
 
 
    Inside the room, all that was heard was a low grade buzzing.
 
*    What a fucking annoying noise.* Thought 413, whose real
name was Anna. Anna was 5'8" tall, with wavy black hair that fell down
to the middle of her back. She had aristocratic features, and the body
to go with them. Her breasts were ample, and they were nicely outlined
by her sweater. Her legs were supple and tanned. Her whole body gave
the impression of a cat, ready to pounce. She was fit and agile. She
was also of the belief that she was the most important person in the
world, better than everyone around her. *If I wasn't getting paid for
this, there is no damned way I would sit here and listen to this crap
next to this geek.*
 
    Kyle, on the other hand, was intrigued. *Well, the noise
is certainly not intended to be pleasing to the ear, although I suppose
I could get used to it.* Kyle was a skinny guy, underweight because he
kept forgetting, in his studies, to eat. He had moppy blonde hair,
green eyes, and pale skin that freckled in the sun. He was 5'4" tall,
and gangly. He was not by any standards handsome, though he wasn't
truly ugly, just sort of plain. The kind of person you sort of glossed
over and didn't really see. *Damn, I get paid money, just to sit and
listen to this?*
 
 
 
-----
 
 
 
    The first series was just the precursor set. It was,
assuming it worked, supposed to prepare the mind for any future
messages. It opened up certain pathways in the mind to allow the real
commands easier access to the subconscious pathways in the brain.
After fifteen minutes, the noise stopped, and Ron went back into the
lab.
 
    "Okay, guys. I know, that noise is pretty annoying. The
next one will be more pleasant. But, what I need to know now is,
relative to how you felt when you came in, are you more tense, or more
relaxed?"
 
    Both parties responded that they were more relaxed. "Very
good. Now, beyond that, did either of you have any... oh,...
'visualizations' while you were listening? In other words, did your
mind conjure up any specific imagery?" Neither of them could point to
anything specific.
 
    "One last question: Do either of you, at this point in
time, feel significantly different, besides the things you have
mentioned, than when you walked in here?" Neither of them did.
"Okay. During the second sound, feel free to let your eyes wander
wherever. Visual input will not greatly affect response on the next
sound, we've already proven that. So, sit back and let your mind
roam. Have fun."
 
    Ron went back to the sound booth, and Michelle began the
second program. The second program focused much more on the
personality programming Michelle had decided upon. Though the full
treatment would require two doses of fifteen minutes each.
 
 
 
-----
 
 
 
    In the lab, Kyle was staring blatantly at Anna. Anna was
studiously ignoring him, and focused on her fingernails. At least, at
first. As the time wore on, she began to briefly glance at him. *You
know, he's not that bad after all... What am I saying?! Well, he is
sort of cute... Shit! What the hell is happening to me?* Anna was
starting to wonder about her sanity. *Maybe being cooped up in this
little room is starting to get to me.* She wasn't bright enough to
know about brainwashing, or even subliminal science. Kyle, on the
other hand, had noticed her glances. *Hmmm. I wonder what this
experiment is really all about. She wouldn't even deign to look at my
shoes before. Now she's looking at me every ten seconds.*
 
    The sound, which was reminiscent of falling water, but more
musical, continued, and Anna continued to doubt her sanity. The more
she looked at Kyle, however, the more she felt he was really cute.
Beyond cute, he was starting to make her hot. She felt glad when the
sound kicked off. Kyle was just starting to hope for some headway, and
was disappointed at the abrupt cessation of the noise. However, he did
notice that she still kept looking at him. Just then, Ron re-entered
the room.
 
    "So, did everyone enjoy that noise more?" Kyle answered in
the affirmative, but Anna just sort of nodded. She was having trouble
taking her eyes off Kyle.
 
    "Good. Now, I'm going to ask you pretty much the same
questions, with just some minor alterations. Do both of you feel more
relaxed now than after the last sound, or not?" Both responded that
they felt about the same.
 
    "That's to be expected, given the program of sounds we're
using. Alright, did either of you have any visualizations this time?"
Receiving a negative reply, he continued. "Do either of you feel
significantly different now than after the last sound?" Kyle said no,
but Anna was unclear.
 
    "It's a fairly straightforward question, 413. Do you now
feel different from what you felt fifteen minutes ago?"
 
    "Yes, I do. But I really can't explain it."
 
    "Explanations aren't necessary at this time. The fact that
you feel different is answer enough. One final question, and then
we'll move on to the next sound. 412, who do you feel is the most
important person in the free world?"
 
    "Well, I suppose I would have to say, the President of the
United States, whoever that happens to be at any point in time." 

*    Standard answer, very good. Just about what I'd have
expected. Now, a test.*
 
    "413? Who is the most important person in the free world?"
 
    "412." *What? What did I just say! He's not... well,
yeah, I guess... What's happening to me?*
 
    "Interesting response. Very well. The next sound should
be fairly invigorating, so feel free to move around and do whatever
comes to mind." Ron chanced a look at Kyle, who was now eyeing up Anna
quite liberally. Anna, no longer her bitchy superior self, now stared
back.
 
 
 
-----
 
 
 
    The third and final program was the key sequence. It
allowed for specific command entry, and emotional imprinting. This
process actually took twenty minutes, but neither Michelle nor Ron
figured the participants would mind very much.
 
    "How long you figure it'll take, Mickey?"
 
    "Oh, maybe ten minutes, given her present state of mind."
 
    "Something like that. You are a devious one. Remind me
not to get on your bad side." He gave her a squeeze, and then entered
the command for the final sequence into the computer. "It should be an
interesting show."
 
 
 
-----
 
 
 
    In the lab, both participants were heating up. Kyle had
gotten up and started pacing around the room, his energy level
peaking. This was part of the programming, it allowed him to fully
participate in what was coming. Anna was now becoming extremely
aroused by seeing her man strutting before her. *My man? He's just
a... a... a... Master, to be served! A controller! A hunk! I must
have him!* As the last of her barriers was torn down, she stood up
from her chair and went to him.
 
    "What's your name?" She asked.
 
    "Kyle. And yours?"
 
    "I'm Anna. Do you find me attractive?"
 
    "Yes. Very much so." An hour ago, Kyle would not have
been able to speak with her this close. The programming had allowed
him the freedom to voice his feelings.
 
    "Would you like to see more of me?"
 
    "Absolutely."
 
    Anna proceeded to remove her sweater. Underneath, she was
wearing only a bra. Kyle reached out tentatively to cup one of her
tits. Anna pressed into his hand when he made contact, and moaned
huskily. Kyle reached around, and unfastened her bra. He pulled it
off her arms, exposing her breasts to his view. They were magnificent
and firm, sagging not at all. The nipples each were like pencil
erasers, standing proudly from small, tight areolas. Kyle cupped her
breasts again, kneading them, pinching the nipples. With each touch,
Anna became more aroused. She pushed her skirt down off her legs,
leaving her clad only in panties and her shoes and socks.
 
    Kyle's hands were now roaming all over her body. When they
finally ventured between her thighs, Anna orgasmed on the spot. Kyle
was dumbstruck, never having seen a woman naked, let alone one who was
orgasming, he was unsure of what to do. Luckily for him, Anna knew
what she was doing.
 
    Anna pushed her shoes off her feet, and then pushed her
panties down off her hips. Kyle got the idea, and finished removing
them. She moved over to the table and lay down on it, holding her legs
spread, so that her pussy was wide open to see. "Take me, Master. I
am yours!"
 
    Kyle was completely turned on by this. He fairly tore his
clothes off. When he finally stood before her naked, his rod was
already fully rigid. And the surprise for everyone was, it was the
only thing on him that *wasn't* skinny! His cock was slightly longer
than average, and quite thick. Anna nearly swooned when she saw it.
 
    "Put it in me, Master! Please!"
 
    Kyle was only too happy to comply. He placed his cockhead
at the obscenely spread opening to her pussy, and pushed forward. He
slid into her easily, enjoying the utter ecstasy of her warmth. Kyle
let out a fervent grunt upon reaching his full depth, his balls resting
against her ass cheeks. He didn't rest for long, though. He started a
pounding rhythm into her that would have moved the table across the
room, had it not been bolted in place. (The room had been designed
with this sort of activity in mind.) With each thrust, Anna was
grunting and moaning and uttering encouragement to her lover.
 
    "Yes! Oh yes, fuck me, Master! Oh that is so wonderful!"
And other affirmations were filling the room. Kyle was silent, his
head locked back, staring at the ceiling. His furious pace continued,
until he shot his load deep into her womb. Feeling his cum inside her,
Anna immediately had the most intense orgasm of her life.
Surprisingly, to Kyle, he was not going limp, but had only lost a bit
of his rigidity. He began stroking again, and found himself coming
back to full hardness. *Looks like I can keep going...*
 
 
 
-----
 
 
 
    In the sound booth, very little of this was noticed. Ron
and Michelle had watched until they were certain of the outcome, but
then their own lusts took over.
 
    Ron moved over to Michelle, and took her face in his
hands. He kissed her deeply, warmly, sensuously. Her tongue darted
into his mouth, and a brief battle was fought, resulting in a draw.
 
    Ron moved his hands down her back until he reached her
ass. He picked her up off her stool, and she wrapped her legs around
his waist. He carried her over against the wall, still kissing her.
He proceeded, with difficulty, to remove her blouse and bra. He
massaged her breasts, focusing on her nipples.
 
    Ron sent continuous waves of pleasure through Michelle's
enraptured mind, heightening her experience and driving her toward
climax. He stepped back, and she remained, floating in air for him, so
that he could remove her jeans. He unfastened them and pulled them off
her legs, revealing her sinuous, well-defined lower limbs, and driving
him crazy with desire for her.
 
    Quickly, he removed her panties, leaving her completely
nude. She floated over to him, and they embraced. Michelle, lacking
Ron's finesse, but making up for it with enthusiasm, sent a flood of
positive feelings into his mind. They were both very quickly enveloped
in their emotions, lurching ever onward toward an exquisite peak of
pleasure.
 
    Slowly, Ron entered her. Letting out a soft hiss of
pleasure, she sank, inch by inch, down onto his engorged member. Her
pussy undulated on his cock, giving him intensely pleasant feelings.
As soon as she reached bottom, she lifted herself slowly back up, not
increasing the pace at all. She continued, down and back up, over and
over, at the same torturously slow pace. She was driving him wild, and
she knew it.
 
    As a regular consequence of their lovemaking, they were
floating several feet off the floor by now. They rolled to the
horizontal, and Ron moved himself so that Michelle was on top.
Assuming a traditional position, She started to ride his cock faster,
her tits bouncing freely, until he embraced them with his hands,
massaging them and tweaking her nipples. He knew this would drive her
crazy with desire.
 
    Soon, their action became more frenetic. They bounced off
the ceiling and two walls, and were rapidly heading toward a third. At
this point, Ron had moved to her side, raising her leg to allow him
access. She enjoyed this position immensely, and he knew he could get
her off this way.
 
    As they reached the wall with the window in it, Michelle
took them both closer to the floor. <*Ron, honey? Take me in my ass,
please?>*
 
*    <Whatever you want, babe.>* They both came to their feet
on the floor, and Michelle placed her hands on the two way mirror. In
the lab, Anna and Kyle were still going at it, but neither Ron nor
Michelle gave a damn at this point. 

    Ron pressed his organ against her asshole, and slowly
pushed it into her bowels. Gently, he eased his way into her until his
dick was fully inside her. He pulled out, and eased back in, repeating
the process until Michelle loosened up. 

    Then Ron picked the pace back up. The respite allowed them
both to ease down from their earlier level, and prolong the enjoyment.
As Ron increased speed, he grabbed her hips for leverage. Michelle
reached down to tease her clit with one hand, while keeping the other
on the window for support.
 
    Soon they were approaching their peak again. Ron was
pumping in and out of her ass furiously, and she was writhing on his
dick in ecstasy. Finally, she straightened up, and leaned back into
Ron. He reached around her and fondled her tits, still pumping into
her. Just as they were both about to come, they each sent another wave
of pleasure through the other's mind. As they came together, Michelle
turned her head toward Ron, and they locked their lips in a feverish
kiss. They stayed like that for some minutes, unaware and uncaring of
their surroundings.
 
 
 
-----
 
 
 
    Some time later, when Anna and Kyle had finished their
gyrations and cleaned themselves up, Ron met them back in the lab.
Anna was very subdued and quiet. She deferred to Kyle whenever a
question was asked.
 
    "So, 412, do you feel more relaxed or more tense than after
the second sound?" Both Ron and Kyle had trouble keeping a straight
face. Kyle decided to play along.
 
    "Oh, I feel much more relaxed now." Ron made a great show
of writing this down.
 
    "413?"
 
    "I feel... just fine," she responded.
 
    "Uh-huh, I'll bet." Ron smirked. "Okay, no
visualizations? Good. Do you feel different now from after the second
sound?" Both heads nodded in the affirmative. "Perfect. Well, that
concludes our test. Are there any questions?" Kyle obviously had
questions, but was hesitant to ask in front of Anna. "Anna, would you
please go outside and wait with my associate, Michelle? Thank you."
They waited until she closed the door behind her.
 
    "What in the hell was this really all about?" Kyle wanted
to know.
 
    "I can't really say. Do you object to the results?"
 
    "Hell, no! But, you're not just some high school kid, are
you?"
 
    "Not hardly. I've validated part of my research. That's
all I needed to do."
 
    "What do I do with her now? I mean, what's with this
'Master' bit?"
 
    "That is her sexual persona. If you don't like it, you can
order her to change it. When not sexually aroused, she will act, well,
normal for a submissive girl. She will defer to you all important
decisions."
 
    "What about her boyfriend, and her other friends? How do I
explain this to anybody?"
 
    "You'll think of something, or let her do it. She's
probably not as stupid as she acts. As for the boyfriend though, I'd
have her meet him tonight and break up with him. It'll still be rough
on you, especially since he's probably a jock, but he'll get over it.
Anyway, for now she's yours. This treatment doesn't wear off, but if
you want to get rid of her, just command her to no longer be interested
in you, and to find another target for her affection."
 
    "That'll work?"
 
    "It's part of the... effect." Ron had almost said
'programming', but that would have revealed too much.
 
    "Well, thanks."
 
    "No problem. I got almost as much out of it as you did."
They shook hands, and walked out to where the ladies were waiting.
 
 
 
...---=== http://netwolf.wolfpub.org ===---...
 
...---=== http://netwolf.wolfpub.org ===---...
 
