Hi guys. Time for a hot story. This time it is a true story of real love and lust between a mother and son which happened in India. Yes this is a true story. So read carefully because there might be another mommy lurking in the corner for you.

This happened as I turned sixteen. I was just out of class tenth and so far I had studied in a boarding school. This was my first time in my life to stay with my parents. My father was a doctor with state government and was posted 35 km from home. He used to come home only on weekends and sometimes even fortnights went on and he didn't come. His name was Dr.  Sharma.


Now let me describe my mother, sushma. She is very fair with beautiful lips and eyes. Her chochies r not that big but they are shapely and inviting. She often wears designer bras which are usually pink in color. She used to dress up in full nighty at night while kneading the floor and doing all household activities. I have rarely seen her in saris, she wears a salwaar kameez usually. But she has very sexy shiny skin with a little hair at the back of her arm. She usually baths at ten when is about to sleep.

We often hugged each other very much. But on coming back from boarding college, I started getting sexual enjoyment and I often felt bad at it. She was after all my own mother. What a pervert I've been thinking all about her. The more I told myself that I more horny I got now. I got her pics taken in the day and replaced them with the bodies of the sluts I had and saw my mommy in all those poses. Everyday I used to do that. Then I changed my mother's name in the sexy stories and read them aloud for masturbation. I was getting hornier by the day. One day I even stole her used panties. They were lacy red n smelled a heavenly scent of her cunt smeared with her urine. I was an intoxicating smell and I went mad after it. There was even some pussy hair on that panty. I ate those hair, kissed the panty, sucked it n masturbated. Then it became a habit. I don't know whether mom knew it but everyday I stole her used panties and put then back after my share. This went on for some time. I was sixteen and I was so horny. Then one day something happened.

As it was summers in north India, the heat grew worse and my father came home with an A.C. it was fixed in mom-dad's room. My father returned to his job after few days. At night, it was quite hot and my mother came to me and said. She was dressed in a flowering light pink gown. I could make out form its shape that she probably had just panties on.

"munnu (my nick name)! It is so hot here. You can come and sleep in my room as your father is not here"

I couldn't wait for a better opportunity and I jumped with joy and said...sure mother...



I went to her room. My stepbrother vijay and sister mannu were sleeping in the other room. Mannu was 17 and was real good looking girl. I saw at her in sleep and gasped. Then I reached into mother's room. It had a pink bulb on and it made the room look so sexy. The bed was a king size and there was satin bed sheet on it. The room looked so tidy. My mother had even played light Indian classical instrumental music to add to its sexiness. The room was so tidy and clean, and it looked like the newly weds room oozing with sexiness and waiting for a fuck.

My mother came to the room and bolted it from inside. She had flowers on her hair which smelt of jasmine. The whole atmosphere was electrifying. How could I control, myself. I went up to her and took her in my arms and planted a kiss on her lips. She drew me back and said.

"Arrey ...I m your mother. What are you doing to me? I am married to your father."

Oh. Mother! I can't hold it anymore. I just love you mother. I'm sorry. She instead pushed me back and said how I could even think about it. I felt sorry for all this and still I told her that I couldn't live without her. Then after some silence she said.

"Ok son! Now tell me do you want to marry me. You can't do all those things with me without getting married. Tell me is that what my son wants. Marry his own mother!"

I got a chill up to my spine as I heard those words. I went up to her, took her hand in mine and kissed her lightly on her forehead on her bindi and said "o mother! My goddess, I love you so much that I worship you. Marry me for love mother. I need you so much"

Then she switched the light off and said that she will make all the arrangements tomorrow. I slept next to her and could see her beautiful breasts heaving with breath. I could not hold myself and placed my hands on her chuchies. Ah! She had no bra and I felt right up to her nipples. This time there was no objection. I pressed them nicely and a soft moan escaped my mother's lips. After a little cusping and kneading she said.

"O my son, my lover! Wait till we are married"

And we slept in each others arms, feeling so close that I came twice that night. The heat of my mother's body was too much for me. I woke up only to see my mother and kids gone.

She came at the afternoon and told me to get ready. She had already brought me a wedding suit to wear. She dresses up in a sleeveless noodle blouse and came back in a firing blazing red wedding sari. She had a lot of ornaments too. She really looked like a goddess. She came close to me and said.



"This is the same sari which I wore when I married your father. Only the blouse is different."

I put my arms around her and kissed her cheek, "o mother I love you so much"

We then hurried from the home as she got a taxi and asked the driver to go to the suthakaami temple. This temple was famous for incestuous and unholy practices of marriage and it also had a few devadasis. We reached the temple and the priest took us to a corner where there was a pandaal in the center and a few people had gathered. She took me there and I sat next to her as the pandit started reciting mantras. I looked at my mother. She looked so beautiful dressed as a bride. I felt as in dream. And who were all these people my mother had gathered to witness the tying of our unholy incestuous knot. The priest then asked me to put some indoor (vermillion) in the center of my mother's hair. I took it and smeared it in her head taking her as a wife. He then gave me a manglasutra to tie around my mother's neck. My mother smiled as she had one already. I quickly removed the one tied by my father and tied my mangalsutra, the symbol of our union, around her neck. The pundit got up and told us to take seven rounds of holy fire.

My mother walked in front and I followed her as we circled the holy fire which burnt all other bonds we had. Now I was her husband and she was my wife. After rounds of fire, people threw flowers on the newly married couple and exchanged greetings. What a wonderful thought it was that I had married my mother. I felt like the luckiest son in the world.

When we got home she said that by going round the fire I had married her for seven lives. I got close to her and took her in my arms before planting a full mother son French kiss on her lips.

O my mother! My wife.

O my son! My husband. Show me how much you love me.

My mother had cleverly sent the children to her parents place. Now we two were alone at home. It was already evening when we reached home. Mom looked so pretty dressed in all jewelry and her wedding sari. Her blouse was giving exactly the kind of show I craved for.

She asked me to go to my room and wait.

I was surprised to see the room decorated with flowers and candles. Sex was in the air, I knew. As I sat on the bed, my mom entered the room. She had a glass of milk in her hands. She came to me and said,

"From now on I am your wife so call me sushma .ok"

Yes my darling sushma. I drank half the milk and gave her half. She had the prettiest milk moustache I had ever seen. I cleaned it with my tongue and began kissing her while my hands on motherly instincts had gone to her beautiful mounds feeling them over her blouse. Mom kissed me back with pure lust she had been keeping in the garb of love and affection. We started necking while my hands had pulled out her blouse and were opening the hook of her designer bra.

Her two beautiful breasts fell out as I looked at my own mother looking so sexy and beautiful. I felt like kamadeva having sex with my own mother, Rati. She had nicely shapely white breasts and she had pinkish brown areolas bigger than the rupee coin. Her nipples were standing erect like two beans and to my utter surprise, she had very short hair around her areolas. Her nipple was unusually long and must have been more than an inch and seems like two clitorises on fire. They were shining pink. I took a good look at them and then took one of her erect nipple in my mouth and gave it a sweet bite with my teeth. My mother moaned with pleasure.

O Rama! O Krishna! My own son is going to make love to me. O god.

While rubbing my hand on one of her chuchies I ate the other one, nibbles at the teats and even tried to take her full booby in my mouth. I opened my mouth full and took a hearty bite of both her chuchies. Her hands were at the back of my head stroking my hair.

Mummy ....bete ko dudhu do na

Le beta...jitna marzi le na

My hand moved on to her bellybutton and my fingers danced on her naked skin. My mouth drew down and I kissed and licked my mother's flat hairless bellybutton. She was still dressed in her bridal jewelry and a golden chain fell over her tummy. Then she lifted her saree without removing it up to her thighs. I kissed my mother's milky thighs and licked them to my delight. My mother was now kneading her breasts and moaning heaving. The whole room was filled of sex sounds as I lowered my face to kiss my mother's hungry cunt over her designer panties. She just squirmed in pleasure. The beautiful red lacy panties had a floral pattern on it much like the panties in that French movie I saw or like those sexy panties of his wife =those sexy purple, hot red, naughty flowery black and motherly torn brownish .just by looking at her panties, I remembered my days of masturbation after seeing those panties and sometimes even getting a few of motherly breasts of my neighbor's wife. I could even make out her panty line from behind when she used to sleep. I often wondered if she fucked with her dog like my maasi who I had fucked on a number of occasions. I remember that  maasi was the tallest of all and she had deadly knockers and a slappable ass. The very first time I saw her, she was talking on a phone to someone sitting in her kameez and panties....mmmm what a delight panties are. As I sniffed my mother's hidden heavenly floral glory, I saw her looking at me with pure lust and she bit her lip. Her panty had a wet spot on them and there were big hair peaking from the sides of that sexy panty. I smelled that crotch and my senses went limp for a second when I sniffed the maddening aroma of my mother's cunt juices smeared with sweat, perfume and the horny smell of urine. My mother quickly removed her panty and I was looking at the most treasured thing of the world- the pussy of my mother in all her glory. I gaped at it and almost tore my mother's bridal sari in at attempt to get her naked. Now, here was my mother ready to get fucked by her son, lying all naked. I looked at my mother who was all nude but for her jewelry looking so kinky and wonderful. She then bites her lip and said,

"Complete the age old ritual of mating my son. Time has come for you to enter a new relationship with your mother. Come my husband take your ravishing bride and start a family with me so that I may mate with you .come my handsome son, show mommy how much you love her"

O mommy I love u so much

Yes my baby. Come my husband. Call me by my name now.

As I inched closer to her, I could smell her sweaty body mixed with perfume and sweat. She had little hair on legs and at the back of her arms which added her sex appeal. I looked at her and she took my hands to her shapely chuchies where nipples had grown harder than nuts and pinched one of her nipples. While my other hand touched the forbidden fruit of my mother and she gasped in my arms.

"O my son, my new husband, my boyfriend, I love you so much. You can do anything as we are married now. Come baby come to your lonely mommy. She needs all your love for ever" and she bent forward and kisses my earlobe. She was still dressed in her jewels but she quickly removed my shirt and below. I was standing in just silk underwear with my cock making a pole in it. My mother took it in her hand and rubbed it for some time.

"O son! Your lund is so big. Just the right size for my deep choot. Time has come to insult your mother with your prick. I want some punishment for marrying my own son. Punish me baby!"

"o yes mother! I mean my wife! Sushma. I love you so much. I wish all the sons do this to their mothers. O mommy you have no idea of how hungry I have been for all this. I have waited for this for years. You are me my dream my mother my wife my sushy. My sushma"

"O yes son, take me, and take your mother. Now that I am your wife, I am going to bear you children. O my boy...gives it to mommy now. You know how badly I want it. You are my sweetest boy, honey."

While my hands reached over her bare pussy and I touched it for the first time. It was so bushy with thick blonde pubic hair and the wetness of her pussy had spread well beyond her hole. I rubbed the top of it with my thumb and then I inserted my longest finger into my motherly pussy. Mother moaned a bit as I thrust it further. I started finger-fucking her vigorously now. While her hand was stroking my cock. She then pushed me aside and walked naked across the room and went to her dressing table and got back some indoor (vermillion) and said hungrily

"O son! You have to put some indoor here also." As she pointed out her pussy in the tuft of brown wet pubes. I quickly got forward and put some indoor there.

"My child, you can take mommy anyway you like now. You are not only my pati now but you are also my choot ka pati (my pussy husband)"

I couldn't control anymore and kissed her pussy for the first time. A lot of flab had gathered on my dream hole. It appeared my lovely mother didn't quite get a fuck. Her pussy looked so fresh and pink that I had to look at her face while this wonderful pussy really belongs to my mother. I sucked my favorite hole in the world for a long time while my mother moaned and squirmed in ecstasy. In a moment she went stiff and uttered obscenities and went limp in my arms. I knew she was having an orgasm and I bit the clit real hard thrusting 3 fingers inside my mother's lovely pussy. She came like a flood and I licked every single drop my mother's tastiest juice. Ah 1 what a taste.

Then I went back to her face and kissed it for what seemed an eternity with my lips smeared in her cup, our tongues swirled in each other while my hands tweaked her nipples making them sore and red and she moaned in pleasure.

"O my lovely son! Where did you learn all this? You are going to kill your momma with your love-making skills. O Rama! This feels so good. Don't stop mithu. I want you inside now my baby. Let mommy ride your land now that she is your wife."

Then she came on top of me and took my whole cock in her pussy and started jumping. A chill up to my spine ran up as soon as I realized that it was my own mother jumping on my cock. My mother had taken the entire cock in her pussy and her breasts jiggled on my face. I quickly latched on to one of her nipples and to my utter pleasure it was leaking with milk now. O my holy god, my mother jumped with gay abandon as is sucked her leading milk pots. I brought my hands to her velvety ass and slapped it a few times. My mother grunted and groaned like a newly married girl while her fat ass shuddered in my crotch. Now she adjusted herself in a way that she was getting maximum penetration. I was hitting her womb. O my god was a dream. My erect cock wedged deep into the inner recesses of her vagina. It appeared that all I wanted to do was to fuse into her...making her mine, forever. Now she was maddened with lust and she started slapping her big boobies on my face. I could feel the nipples on my cheeks, nose and everywhere. This was highly erotic so I quickly sucked on my mothers boobies while slapping her ass and she started shouting obscenities now.

" harami, madarchod , ....hai...maar meri phudi,...aai haaaaii....chod mujhe...kutte....randi ke beej....phad de meri phudi....haii....aaaa....haaan...haaan....aaaiiii...aur jor se...apni maan ke mumme choos le harami...yahi se dudh peekar bada hua hai tu....choos ...mere raja....hai....mere momme ki tip .......mmm"

I greedily sucked on her nipples while she humped me from the top. It was my first sexual experience so I didn't last long and poured my semen into my mother's hot cunt. my mother shouted

"o god! What have I done? O son! Mommy is not protected. O my god, my son just made his way onto my womb. He has placed his seed in me"

Mother started crying and it took a while for her to come to terms with it.

Later after one month mother came to me and said that she was pregnant with my child. We had to find some way out. I consulted my friends and we left the town for some other place. After the child birth, mother and me married officially in the new city and got registered as husband and wife. It has been 17 years now.

I have two girls with my mother. The elder one just turned sixteen and she just looks like my mother. Well, what happens with her is just another story. 