Nikki
by Msia Exhibitionist

Nikki Ch. 02

Nikki finds where she belongs.

A few days later a new prompt appeared, "[M4F] Sugar Daddy Looking for Chinese Sugar Baby"

I wrote to him,

"Hi, I am a Chinese college student. I am poor. I am tired of living in constant worries of money, part-time job and sometime a place to stay. I love middle age man, tall, fit and strong. A man that give me everything I need. Trust me, I don't need a lot. Most importantly, I needed a man that gives me sense of security. I am an imaginary exhibitionist and submissive. I don't know if it is for real because these are only in my fantasies.

My kinks; DDLG. Exhibitionism; sexy, skimpy, tiny, sheer clothes. Clothes control. Nude in public, sex in public, being watched. Submissive, light bondage, blindfold, spanking. Rough sex, DP, gangbang, dirty talk, cosplay, big cock, etc.

I don't know if these are my real kinks as I said before, these are only my usual fantasies, not my real experiences. I have no real experience.

If you like a real Chinese girl and have the patience to explore my kinks and teach me, I can be a very loveable sugar baby, just for you. Hope to hear from Daddy soon."

Very soon he replied and asked for my details. With my real numbers and details, we progressed very fast in our roleplay. He let me stay in a big house. He used his house for our roleplay, except the house is only for me and he stay somewhere else. He told me what he like. We have very extensive exchange of clothes ideas. Our first roleplay ended just before 4 in the morning and I was excited and horny. I decided to make it real for Uncle Steve! I wanted to show off my body to Uncle Steve! The imaginary exhibitionist inside me has finally found an audience!

Without thinking much I began to buy sexy skimpy clothes. I bought a few gym wears, some sexy tops, short shorts, short dresses, miniskirts and lingerie sets from the online stores using Uncle Steve credit card. All the clothes were according to our roleplay ideas. I shaved my body completely clean as Uncle Steve requested in the roleplay.

We had a few more roleplays. He selected a sheer dress for me for the dinner in a high class restaurant. He asked me to suck his cock even when the waiter was around. Then we went back home and he fucked me right in the guest room. Another night he brought me to a private club, dressed me in a very tiny sheer white lingerie set and decorated me into an angel with a pair of small white angel wings, a collar with leash, and a butt plug. He then led me into a room full of men and I became an angel sex toy. I roleplayed double penetration for the first time and let them cum all over my body while he is watching. He praised me for serving his friends very well! I became a fuck toy in our roleplay although I am still a virgin in real life!

The clothes continued to arrive. The day before our next gym day. I spent almost the whole evening trying them on in my room. Checking myself wearing my new tops and shorts in the mirror. I also tried various postures simulating the gym exercise. I tried all my underwear in combination with the gym wears to evaluate the visual effect; which one gives the most obvious camel toe, which one gives the most noticeable nipples pokie, which panty gives the ugly panty line, which bra looks ugly, etc. But at the end of the trying, I decided to go no bra and no panty. Because I have been fantasizing Uncle Steve seeing the shape of my young pussy and my breasts.

The excitement from my showoff plan kept me awake almost the whole night. But in the morning I chickened out in the last minute. I wore a one piece jumpsuit and a panty that showed no camel toe. The exhibitionist inside me did not dare to take a bold step out to real world!

However, my tight-fitting one piece jumpsuit managed to impress Uncle Steve. He was surprised and delighted to see me joining him in my new backless jumpsuit. He praised how my gym wears highlighted my fit and slim body shape. Our gym session was ordinary and nothing extraordinary happened. I tried all chances to stay in front of Uncle Steve so that he enjoyed a clear view of my body in tight jumpsuit. I did my warm up and stretching right in front of him, stuck out my ass as high as possible to display my bottom. Even with my best efforts, I only caught Uncle Steve staring at me occasionally. But these few stares were enough to make my pussy wet!

Not wanting our session to end so uneventfully and desperately wanting some progress, I pretended to trip on a dumbbell on the floor and fell onto Uncle Steve. He caught me from falling and I landed into his fold. His firm chest was so enticing when I hugged him tightly for support. One of his hands was on my back and the other on my bum. I did not let go of him and he did not let go of me.

"Are you OK?"

"My ankle... just hold on a second."

"Ok." His hand subtly felt my ass cheek before moving up to my back.

He sat me on the mat and examined my ankle. He was secretly looking up between my thighs as I slowly spread my knees to display my tightly wrapped crotch. I regretted wearing my panty!

"Ouch!"

"Sorry. You twisted your ankle." My pretended fall actually twisted my ankle for real!

"Don't worry, let me help you. Come." He placed one arm around my back and the other arm around the bend in my knees then his picked me up effortlessly. I placed my arms around his shoulders and once again I was in his firm chest. My heart raced as we made eye contact in such a closed distance.

Uncle Steve seated me on a gym bench and applied cold press on my ankle.

"Sit here until the cold press stops the swelling. I'll go freshen up and come back to you."

"Ok Steve. Thank you."

"Welcome Nikki. I will be back soon to take care of you." Uncle Steve caressed my hair then planted a kiss on my forehead and left me. The sudden intimacy stunned me. What was the meaning of the kiss?

Soon Uncle Steve came back wearing his T-shirt and cotton shorts. After examining my ankle he suggested that I take shower first then continue with the cold press.

"Can you walk?"

"No Steve, still pain. Sorry, can you carry me?"

"No problem. You are so skinny." I was back in his arms in no time.

"Steve, you are so strong!" Uncle Steve replied with a smile and carried me to my room.

"STOP! STOP! You can't go in! Put me down and I can go myself." I recalled that I didn't tidy up my new clothes after last night. All my skimpy sheer clothes, my kinky underwear were scattered around on the bed and floor.

"Why?

"My room... ahhh... is very very messy."

"Silly. Don't tell me you want to tidy up your room first in this situation." Uncle Steve continued and entered my bedroom.

"No Steve, NOOO!" He walked into my room.

"Oh I am so sorry Nikki! It's a bit messy."

All my barely there tiny little pieces of underwear were on display! All my sheer skimpy clothes were laid bare for Uncle Steve to examine! My face blushed in heat! Even burying my face in Uncle Steve's chest could not hide my embarrassment!

While Uncle Steve smiled in delight.

"Never mind, let me settle you down first." Uncle Steve carried me into my washroom and seated me down on the toilet bowl. Then be brought a plastic chair and placed it under the shower. He transferred me to the plastic chair and made sure everything I needed were within reach.

"Steve, my clothes?"

"Too dangerous to change your clothes here, you might fall again. After you are done, I'll will bring you to the bed. Change there, it's much safer. Use your towel after you are done. Ok?"

"Ok... I will call you. Thank you Steve!" I figured that I can't say much with my injured ankle.

I took my shower on the plastic chair. After I wrapped myself with my towel I called Steve and he came in to carry me out. For the first time my shoulders and my legs were bare in front of Uncle Steve. My naked fresh mound was exposed in between my inner thighs and barely covered by the towel stretched across my thighs. A small bulge was formed at his crotch but I can't figure out whether it was his erection or something else. Uncle Steve carried me to my bed with his strong arms.

To my surprise my clothes were all folded and arranged neatly on the side of my bed. I was embarrassed and at the same time aroused by the fact that Uncle Steve has gone through every piece of my new clothes! He must have touched and examined those barely there tiny underwear and those sheer short shameless outfits!

"I thought you might not be able to pick up your clothes on the floor, so I just gathered them on the bed for you. I hope you don't mind."

"Sorry that you have to do this for me... so embarrassing. Thanks any way. You are very thoughtful."

"You know what to when you are done right?"

"Yes, I know, call my savior!" I answered in cheeky tone.

"Call me. Savior is not at home." He stroked my hair gently and kissed my head affectionately before leaving me alone in my room.

As I continued to pat dry myself, I noticed a set of clothes were placed within my reach. Oh my god! Uncle Steve not only folded and arranged all my clothes for me, he has selected the clothes for me to wear! A set of lacy white underwear, a pair of grey cotton short shorts and a white cropped spaghetti top. His arrangement set off another round of heart pounding inside me! He kissed me at my forehead in the gym room, carried me up to my room, like carrying his bride, tidied up all my clothes including my underwear, he caressed my hair before leaving me alone. Now he also selected my clothes for me to wear!

He was behaving more than just an old friend of my mom, more than just an uncle to a 19 years old girl! I was delighted by his showing of affection to me and we are getting more intimate. But at the same time, I began to doubt the morality of my sugar baby roleplay with Uncle Steve and my plan to actually become his sugar baby.

Am I treading on dangerous waters here? Is it dangerous water anyway? Is there a morality issue here? I don't know. But I knew I wanted to wear those sexy clothes for Uncle Steve so badly! I wanted to show him my body in those sexy clothes!

I carefully put on my underwear and my clothes. The lacy underwear felt so sexy on me. My shorts were really short and my spaghetti tops were low and skimpy! I have never worn such skimpy clothes before in my life!

"Steve... Steve." The door opened and Uncle Steve came back in. I felt like a new bride sharing her first night with her new groom! His eyes lit up when he saw me wearing the clothes he selected!

"Do you like it?" I turned my body to face Uncle Steve and asked him.

Silly me, why should I ask him this question? But it was too late.

"You look beautiful, adorable Nikki! I am glad that you finally bought some new clothes for yourself."

"Thank you Steve. It was your money though... hehe." I giggled to conceal my excitement in showing off to him.

"But do you think the bra is too big for my top? Looks very ugly." I pointed at the bra that sneaked out from the tiny top.

"Yes. You have to excuse me, I don't really know how to select clothes for a woman." He then moved the other bras nearer to me.

"Call me again." He turned and walked out.

"Steve... you can stay, just look away. I will be done soon enough." I held his hand and stopped him. Our eyes met and I saw his eyes burning in desire.

"Ok then." He stepped back and turned sideways. But he turned in the direction of the wardrobe mirror which gave a clear view of me sitting on my bed. From the corner of my eyes, I noticed him staring into the mirror!

I knew the time has come to take my decisive move!

I pretended ignorance of Uncle Steve watching me and proceeded to remove my top and my bra. My breasts broke free under his watchful eyes. My nipples slowly swell and harden as I tried the other bras! And knowing him watching me only added to my excitement! Never before my life had I enjoyed such arousal of letting a man seeing me naked! Finally I put my spaghetti top back on without a bra.

"Ok Steve. I am done."

His eyes were popping out when he turned to me, looking up and down at my face and my chest.

"This top is too low cut so no bra is suitable. And I don't think we are going out any way. Can I... just do without bra? Do you mind?" I blocked my chest with my arms as I became self-conscious about my unconstrained breasts. But I could not stop my erect nipples from poking at the soft white fabric.

"Ahem... You are a big girl now. You can decide for yourself really. I think you look very beautiful without your bra." His praise boosted my confidence!

I saw a tent slowly developed on his shorts.

"Thank you... Savior, hehe!" I raised my hands to Uncle Steve.

This time Uncle Steve carried me even higher on his body. Probably to avoid his erection touching me. I cradled his shoulders in my arms. The spaghetti top was only covering half of my breasts. My unconstrained breasts were visibly shaking in every steps Uncle Steve took me down the stairs. I have never exposed so much of my chest to a man before and I felt so good, so sexy! Especially in the arms of Uncle Steve, a man that I have been having so much sleazy fantasies and roleplay with!

Uncle Steve was strong and steady. I felt so secure with him carrying me down the stairs. And I recalled our roleplay where he was holding me at my bum with my legs griping his waist, bouncing my pussy on his cock. He used me like a fuck toy in the roleplay. Now with me wearing skimpy clothes and carried by him, the roleplay seemed more real than ever. My love juice flooded my pussy!

"Thank you Steve." I can't help kissing his face when he lowered me down on the sofa. I was confused between reality and our roleplay!

"You are welcome my Princess Nikki!" He reciprocally kissed my forehead and cheekily replied.

My heart melted. I don't know how mom would think if I tell her I am a fuck toy for Uncle Steve, her good old friend. But I am an adult now, I can decide for myself.

Uncle Steve gave my ankle another cold press and wrapped my ankle when the swelling subsided. I sat on a chair and rested my leg on a stool for him. His eyes were leveled with my chest when he kneeled in front of me. My white panty was exposed as the leg seam was too narrow leaving a big gap between my inner thigh and the leg seam. My pussy started throbbing when I saw Uncle Steve was stealing glances. I slowly spread my legs to widen the gap exposing more of my white panty to him. I regretted wearing my panty!

We spent the evening watching movies. At first I sat beside him, then I leaned on his shoulder. Later he cradled me and I rested my head in between his arm and his chest. His hand moved around my waist, my thigh and my bum but did not take further action. I caressed his thigh occasionally, sometime my hand moved so closed to his bulge.

"It's time to sleep. Is your ankle still pain?"

"Yes, still a little bit. Can you carry me... one more time please?" Actually my ankle didn't really feel pain but I took advantage.

"Ok, come." And Uncle Steve carried me to my room.

Before we reached my room, I planted my face on his neck and whispered, "I like the clothes you have selected for me today. Can you select my clothes again?" My heart pounding fast for such a sleazy request!

Uncle Steve placed me on the plastic chair in the washroom and with a smile he replied,

"Sure, happy to. Call me when you are done."

I was excited in anticipation.

After my warm shower Uncle Steve helped me back to my bed and left my bedroom. A tank top and a booty shorts were placed on my bed. The soft sheer fabric of the tank top intrigued me to imagine how smooth it will outline my curves and how clear it will reveal my breasts. The micro booty shorts were even shorter and tighter than the shorts I wore today! And I could not find any underwear on my bed! Does it mean that Uncle Steve wanted me to wear no bra and no panty tomorrow? My heart skipped a beat when the thought struck me!

And he forgot my pajamas.

"U forgot my pajamas." I sent Uncle Steve a message.

After a while he replied. "No. U sleep naked to night 😈"

"Ok Princess Nikki sleeps naked 2nite 😝" in our roleplay Uncle Steve wanted me to sleep naked anyway.

"Sorry just joking. Can I come over and get one for u?"

"No need I sleep naked but pls off light 4 me tq"

"Ok. Coming."

Soon he knocked and opened my door to off the light. My heart began to race.

"No good night kiss for the princess?" Spoke from my bed with my naked body hiding below my blanket. My heart raced like crazy not knowing what to expect!

"Sure Princess Nikki always gets her good night kiss." He walked to the side of my bed.

"So, naked?" He asked with a mischievous smile.

"Yes, naked. Don't believe me? You can check?" I slowly pulled my blanket down to reveal my bare shoulder and bit of my chest. My pussy began to get wet and my heart almost jump out of my throat!

He stopped my hand and said, "Don't be naughty. Good night Princess." Then he kissed my forehead and left my room.

"Good night."

It took me some time before I could calm down from my excitement. At the same time I was waiting for my Daddy's message.

"Baby, sleep already?"

I replied immediately.

"Not yet. But on bed now. Waiting for Daddy."

"What's you wearing?"

"Nothing. Naked, just the way Daddy like it."

"Good girl."

"Daddy wanna see?"

"Yes. Show Daddy. Daddy want to know if you really naked or you just playing with Daddy."

Was Uncle Steve thinking about just now? Wondering if I was truly naked?

"Ok. Let me slowly remove my blanket. See Daddy, I am totally naked."

"Yes. Good girl."

"Daddy my pussy so wet now. Help me please!"

"Why your pussy wet? What naughty thing made my baby wet?"

"Daddy promise not angry?"

"It depends. Tell Daddy."

"This morning the gardeners came. I was enjoying my morning swim. My bikini swimsuits Daddy bought me were so tiny. So they kept staring over at me when I swim, especially when I came out from the pool and relaxed on the lazy chair. Daddy, they made me so excited."

"So today my naughty little showoff slut get to enjoy!"

"I am not a showoff slut! But I was so excited being watched! Later when they started working on the indoor plants, I pretend that they can't see me. I went to take shower at shower post, totally naked! I could see them watching me from inside the house. Felt so excited, so nice! Just now baby recalled the shower and I get wet again."

"Oh baby, that's bad! That's very bad! You show off your young body without Daddy approval! Even without Daddy knowledge and you were alone at home, that's very dangerous to do naughty thing when you are alone. Understand?"

"I am sorry Daddy. I was lonely this morning. I promise, will not do it again. I am sorry Daddy!"

Daddy cuffed your hands and your legs. Daddy order you to kneel with all four, your bare ass sticking out into the air. Daddy can see your glistening pussy lips, so wet and so swollen.

"This is to remind you to be a good girl; never do naughty thing when Daddy not around, or when Daddy don't know beforehand. Do you understand?"

I spank your bum and you jump at the pain and surprise.

"Yes. Baby understand."

"Are you sure you understand?"

I spank again, harder this time. Your bum shake when I hit your ass cheek.

"Ouch! Yes, Daddy I understand."

"Can you remember so you will not do it again in future, without Daddy's approval or order?"

I spank again.

"Ouch! Yes Daddy, I will ask for permission or do it if Daddy order me to. I promise Daddy."

"Baby, do you like how Daddy punish you?"

"Yes Daddy, I deserve to be punished. I love how Daddy punished baby. Thank you Daddy."

"Not yet baby. Daddy not done yet. You naughty girl showed Daddy your naked shoulder but didn't show your naked body to Daddy, you've made Daddy so hard now. You need another punishment!"

Did Uncle Steve just incorporated my shoulder tease just now into our roleplay??!!

"But Daddy when did I showed Daddy my shoulder but not my body?"

"Yes. You did! You just did. Now show Daddy your wet pussy again."

"Yes Daddy... my pussy is still wet, very wet for Daddy!"

"Look at you, so wet so swollen. You dirty little slut!"

I spank your butt again, real hard this time. Daddy take out my 10 inch cock, already hard. Daddy fuck your wet little cunt now. So tight, you moan in pain but Daddy don't care.

"Yes Daddy, you are too big... slow down Daddy, ummm... slow down please Daddy!"

"Remember, never tease Daddy like that again. Daddy will fuck you real hard like this one day! I keep pumping your wet slippery hole, spank your ass in between."

I began to finger my pussy and play with my breasts as Uncle Steve continues to fuck me with his giant cock in the roleplay.

"Yes Daddy, fuck me hard, spank me hard... fuck your little Chinese fuck toy... I love it Daddy!"

"Yes... yes... Daddy cum inside you! Daddy pull out and cum all over your ass..."

"Yes Daddy... thank you Daddy." I hold Daddy cock and suck it clean. "Ummm... so much cum!" I swallow it all. "Thank you Daddy for the cum!"

"Good girl!"

"Thank you Daddy!"

"Baby, do you really love showing off to people? Like the gardeners today?"

"It's embarrassing Daddy! But yes, baby love to show off my naked body. I can't resist when they staring at me."

"How much you want to show?"

"Everything. Totally naked. Can I? Daddy?"

"If you love it. Daddy can arrange my friends to come for a small party. Then you can show off. Daddy don't want you to show off when Daddy not around, especially to strangers. Understand?"

"Thank you Daddy. Baby understand."

"Good girl. Time to sleep. Tomorrow I want baby to wear short shorts and cropped top. Daddy want you to prepare breakfast."

"Great! I will prepare delicious breakfast for Daddy. But how sexy Daddy wanted baby to wear? How short? See through?"

"Yes see through and super short! I want to see camel toe and pokies. I want to watch how my sexy little Chinese fuck toy as she prepares breakfast."

"Yes Daddy. I think I have those for Daddy."

"Great! Good night then!"

"Daddy, if tomorrow I wear exactly what Daddy wanted, will Daddy take me as your young little fuck toy for real?"

"You are already my young little fuck toy baby!"

"Promise me Daddy, make me your real fuck toy please!"

"Sure baby."

"Great! So we have a deal ya Daddy!"

"Daddy, please check your message tomorrow morning. Good night!"

I was extreme excited and anxious about my plan. Will Uncle Steve be angry after he knows I trap him?

I came down from my bed and I put on the clothes Uncle Steve selected for me. The crop tank top although not very low cut, but very sheer, my breasts and my nipples were clearly visible. The sheer body hugging micro booty shorts were covering just half of my buttock, and the small waistband came so low down my crotch and hugging my pussy like second skin. My pussy lips were clear outlined and my camel toe was clearly defined. Even my small protruding inner lips were visible! Uncle Steve will be able to see all of me!

I inspected the sexy young lady in the mirror. Uncle Steve would never ask his good friend's daughter to wear such skimpy sheer clothes. And if I wear these tomorrow, it will also mean I wanted to be more than just a daughter of Uncle Steve's good friend!

The next morning I woke up early and shaved myself completely clean and waited for Uncle Steve to wake up. Soon as he came out from his bedroom I put on the clothes he selected. My nipples were hard and my pussy was moist!

"Guess who?" I covered Uncle Steve eyes from behind while he was sitting at the terrace.

"Zhang Ziyi?"

"No."

"Fan Bingbing?"

"No."

"Tang Wei?"

"Not Tang Wei. Sexier than Tang Wei, younger than Tang Wei, Malaysian."

"Amber Chia."

"Haiya uncle, why you only know the older ones? Hehe..."

"Princess Nikki?"

"No... It's your young Nikki. See!"

I jumped over to the wooden floor and landed in front of Uncle Steve. Then I struck a few model poses for him.

"The clothes you have selected. I love it! Just a bit see through." I covered my chest and crotch to emphasize my point.

Uncle Steve leaned forward to get a closer look at the same time trying to hide his developing bulge.

"It's see through. But... come closer." He reached to me.

My heart began to race as the point of no return was right before me!

Two small steps forward and I stood right before Uncle Steve.

"It's so see through," I lowered my hands to unveil my breasts and my crotch.

My whole body was blushing hot as his eyes scorched my skin from my breasts down my abs to my crotch.

"Turn around." I turned my back to Uncle Steve. Intentionally tilted my butt up to show more of my sex.

"Just the way I love it!" Uncle Steve held my hips and sat me sideways on his lap.

"Thank you Nikki, for wearing this for me." His hands caressed my thigh and my back.

"You don't have to thank me. I love wearing these... for you." I softly kissed Uncle Steve at his cheek just next to his lips.

"Nikki, will you wear this for me this whole day?"

"Yes. I wear this the whole day for you. I wear it as long as you wanted."

"Thank you Nikki."

"But the shorts may be too wet if I wear it the whole day." I whispered into his ears.

"Are you wet now?"

"Getting wet."

"Never mind. I love it too. Thank you for fulfilling my wish!"

"Stop saying thank you. Would you like to join me in the kitchen? You don't have to cook, you just watch me cook. Would you?"

Uncle Steve was stunned for a while. Perhaps he was surprised by the coincident. His asked his roleplay partner to wear sexy and cook breakfast while he watched her cook.

"Come." I held his hand and lead him to the kitchen.

"Omelet and coffee?" I seated him at the dining table with an unobstructed view to the kitchen.

My breasts were bouncing and shaking freely underneath the flimsy tank top. Uncle Steve was watching me the whole time. The excitement of being watched and the sleazy memories of our roleplay turned me into a horny little girl! My nipples have never been this hard before and my juice has stained onto my booty shorts, leaving a wet sticky patch at my bottom. It wouldn't be long before Uncle Steve could notice my wetness!

During our breakfast Uncle Steve was frequently checking his phone. Maybe he was checking his roleplay partner message as I told him last night. I knew the time has come! I excused myself back to my bedroom. I sent a photo of my upper body in my sheer top to our roleplay thread. My heart raced like wild horse!

"Who are you?" Uncle was surprise to see his roleplay girl wearing a top exactly what I wore.

I took another photo of my chest.

"Like it?" I ignored his question and continue to play.

"Yes. Beautiful and sexy!"

I send another photo of my crotch in my tiny sheer booty shorts, with my camel toe clearly visible.

"Oh my god! Who are you really?"

"Like it? Is this exactly what you wanted me to wear?" My hands were shaking in excitement and anxiety at the same time.

"Who are you really?"

"Just tell me you like it, Daddy! I know you love it, Daddy!"

"Yes. Exactly, exactly the way I like it!"

"Great! Then I am your young little Chinese fuck toy, for real! Yay!"

I then wore a collar that I took from Uncle Steve secret wardrobe. With a leash in my hand, I walked down to the dining room. Uncle Steve was frozen on his chair with only his eyes following me walking to him. My heart pumping and my whole body flashing in heat as I was walking down the stairs, with my breasts swaying and bouncing!

"Nikki, are you..."

"Daddy, I am now your young little Chinese fuck toy, for real!" I placed the leash on the dining table and kneeled down before Uncle Steve.

"Oh my god! Nikki, I didn't know it was you. But it was just roleplay, not for real."

"Stand up... stand up." Uncle Steve leaned down and held my arms to lift me up.

"No Daddy, please put your leash on me first. I would be so proud!"

"God, Nikki, stop calling me Daddy! It's just roleplay, not for real!" He sat back on his chair, not aware of the bulge on his crotch expanding right before my eyes.

"YES Daddy, I knew it was all real. Everything in our roleplay was real. This house, my bedroom, the gym room, the angel wings ... were real! When we fucked, I knew you were thinking of me, fucking the real me. And I was thinking about you too. And your promise to make me real, must be real too!"

"Nikki, you tricked me! If I knew it was you, I would never accept you into our play! You tricked me!" Uncle Steve's terrified face turned red. I have never seen him so distressed before!

"Sorry... Daddy!"

"I am not your Daddy. You are Stephanie's daughter! Dammit!" Uncle Steve banged the table and looked away. The loud banging sound shook me. Overwhelmed by Uncle Steve furious response I realized I had went overboard. I realized I have ruined our relationship!

"I am sorry Steve! I am so sorry Uncle Steve! I thought you liked me. I thought when you said I am adult now and can decide for myself, I thought I can really decide for myself. I am sorry Uncle Steve."

"When you selected these clothes for me to wear, I thought you wanted me... otherwise why would you make your good friend's daughter wear such clothes, such skimpy sheer clothes? I am sorry Uncle Steve, I must have mistaken!" I stood up and walked away.

"No Nikki. Stay here." Uncle Steve held my hand firmly.

"Yes, I want you! I want you since the day I met you. Just that you are my good old friend's daughter... and you are still so young!" He turned my body to face him again.

"Nikki, I want you not just for pretty face or your young fresh body. I want you completely! Two months we live together and I know you are the girl I wanted! But you are still very young and I am not."

Uncle Steve's confession gave me hope.

"Steve... Daddy!" I kneeled down again with my hands on his thighs.

"I felt the same for you. Two months we live together and I know you are the man I wanted. I know you will not take advantage of me but I am very sure you want me. And I want you too, I want you more than you know!"

"Nikki, I can't be your Daddy. Your mom will be very angry. Many people that care about us will be very upset."

"No Daddy! No one has to know anything. I live here to continue my study and you provide for me everything. And I am your girl, like sugar baby for you, make you happy. But you know I am more than just a sugar baby that only exchange material things for sex with you. You know I am more than that. Don't you?"

"Nikki, I know you are a good girl. But sugar baby is totally another thing. What we put in words in our roleplay may not be what we could do for real. Like when I dressed you like an angel, I know for real there are men who love to fuck an angel girl and they fuck very hard, very rough... like you are really a sex toy...and just a sex toy, it's not just for fun, it's serious hardcore sex!"

"Yes Daddy, I understand. When I said in our roleplay that I am an imaginary exhibitionist, I told the truth. And when I wear what Daddy had selected for me yesterday, I knew that I am a real exhibitionist. The sheer and skimpy shorts and top, are making me wet. I knew I am an exhibitionist. And I knew Daddy love watching me dressing like this. Can we just start from here? Let me be your exhibitionist little slut? And Daddy teach me all other thing slowly?"

"Nikki, I am not sure... I am not sure!"

"Daddy, make me your sugar baby, your girl, your little fuck toy please!" I put the leash on Uncle Steve's hand.

"Oh Nikki, I am so happy that you want to be mine. But you have no idea what it means to be a fuck toy... you have no idea!"

"Yes I have no idea but I am ready to learn... I am ready Daddy."

"NO Nikki, you are not. The games that we played, some are wicked and brutal. I may put you into a jungle or deserted area, then some perverts will find you, rip off your clothes piece by piece, slowly and eventually they strip you completely naked, they might tie you down and fuck you... like you are just a worthless whore... and I love watching my baby used like a worthless whore! I am not sure if I want you to experience all these."

"I know you will never put me in danger or harm no matter what game we play. So please Daddy, I am your worthless whore. Make me your worthless whore!"

"Nikki, are you sure? Are you ready to be my little fuck toy, to make me happy, to satisfy me?"

"Yes Daddy. I love to be your little fuck toy! I'll make you happy and satisfy you!" I came closer to Uncle Steve and looked up to him, pleading him.

"Good! Then you will be my little baby, little girl and my little fuck toy when I need you. I will take care of you always." With a kiss on my forehead, Uncle Steve attached the leash to my collar.

My whole body was filled with joy and excitement!

"You are my baby girl now. You will always wear my collar or my bracelet. When you wear my collar, I know you are my baby girl and you belong to me, totally. But anytime in the future if you don't feel like being my baby girl for a day, if you need your own sweet time alone, or if you decide that you don't want to be my baby girl any more, you always have your freedom to take off the collar and you are free. Nikki, do you understand?" Daddy held my face and looked into my eyes.

"Yes Daddy, I understand." Tears of joy rolled down my face, like I was saying 'I do' at marriage ceremony!

"One more thing before you become my baby. Remember 'green', 'yellow' and 'red'. When there's something I do that you don't really enjoy and you want Daddy to end it sooner, you say 'yellow'. When you say yellow, I will slow down and do something else less intense. Understand?"

"Yes Daddy, I understand."

"Great! When there's something I do that you are totally not able to accept, or you are suffering or not comfortable at all, you say "Red", or when you are not able to speak, you shake your head 3 times while saying "uh uh, uh uh, uh uh", this means Red as well. I will stop everything immediately. Understand?"

"Yes Daddy. I understand."

"Saying 'No' in any play does not always mean 'No', sometime it means yes. So you don't use No when you want me to stop. Do you understand?"

"Yes Daddy. I understand."

"Now 'Green' is simple. When you are not saying 'yellow' or 'red', its green. When you say 'green', you are telling me you are enjoying it and want more. Understand?"

"Yes Daddy, I understand."

"Great! Now wait for me there." Daddy pointed me to the guest area sofa.

At first I sat on the sofa, but later I kneeled on the floor as I recalled seldom seeing girl with leash has the privilege to sit on the sofa. Daddy came down soon after I kneeled down on the floor.

He placed a pink box on the coffee table and sat on the sofa.

"Come here baby. Bring the small pillow." He tapped on the space beside him. I took a small pillow and sat beside Daddy.

"Up here, kneel."

"Yes Daddy." Daddy wanted me to kneel on the sofa instead of on the floor. He placed the small pillow on his lap and made me lay down across his lap with the pillow under my tummy.

Is Daddy going to spank me? My heart raced again!

He caressed my buttocks with one hand and my hair with another hand.

"Daddy?"

"Huhh!" I gasped in shock as the sudden slap landed on my butt cheek! I was anticipating a spanking but never prepared for it. The slap was not really hard and the pain disappeared soon after. But I began to feel the burning and the pain as Daddy dropped his palm again on the same spot.

"Ouch! Daddy!"

Daddy spanked my buttocks a few more times on the same spot, the weight of his slap increasing each time. Tears were beginning to well up in my eyes as Daddy's handprint was burning on my skin!

"Baby, you have all the freedom in this house, but to open my locked wardrobe without my permission is totally unacceptable. Do you understand?"

"I understand. Daddy, I understand. I am sorry!"

In one swift action, Daddy pulled my thin booty shorts down my thighs and exposed my bare ass completely, causing my pussy to throb uncontrolled. It was a mixed moment of pain, embarrassment and excitement. Never in my life has someone pulled down my shorts and exposed the most private part of my sex. My cheeks blushing in heat as the embarrassment swept through my face. However the excitement of exposure awaken the exhibitionist inside me! I shamelessly tiled my ass higher to display my engorged lips!

His hand came back to my other butt cheek.

"Baby, I want you to remember this rule; always ask for permission."

Another slap landed on my fresh butt cheek, the weight was not like the first slap. It was much heavier!

"Ouch!"

Soon the slaps increased in weight and speed until I twitched and hissed in pain. Tears escaped my eyes and rolled down my face as the spanking continued to shake my hot burning bum. I didn't expect my mischief would lead to this!

"I am sorry Daddy. I promise not to do it again. I promise!" I begged for forgiveness while clutching my ass cheeks to ease the intense pain.

"You promise?" After a few more spankings Daddy finally stopped.

"Yes Daddy, I promised! I will always ask for permission first!" Although Daddy stopped, the waves of stinging pain continued to spread over my clutched buttocks.

"Good girl! I like good girl."

"Pain?" His warm palm caressed my tender red buttocks, giving me some reliefs and comfort.

"Yes Daddy. But I deserved the punishment."

"Yes, you deserved the punishment. The red and the pain will go away soon." Daddy continued to gently caress and squeeze my butt cheeks. To my surprise, despite all the pain my pussy crack was on the verge of leaking!

"Now baby, sit on Daddy's lap." I rose from Daddy lap and pulled my shorts back, the thin white shorts wrapped my moist pussy again.

As much as I was aroused by Daddy's spanking, Daddy was equally hard after he spanked me! The bulge on Daddy's lap was too big to ignore! His loose shorts were barely covering his manhood, leaving the shape of his cock clearly outlined. This was the first time I could see the shape of Daddy's manhood!

His manhood was touching my crotch when I sat on his lap with my legs spread on his sides.

"Daddy punished you the first moment Daddy accepted you as my baby. So I want to make sure you understand that Daddy punished you not because you are a bad girl, nor I am the type of Daddy who loves to punish his baby for his own selfish gratification." Daddy wiped the tears from my cheeks then pulled my waist closer to him, adding pressure to my crotch against his erect manhood.

"I understand Daddy!"

"It is that going through my personal items and use them without my permission is certainly punishable. That's why you were punished today. That's the only reason to your punishment. Clear?"

"Yes Daddy, I am clear."

"Now give Daddy a kiss."

I held Daddy head by his cheeks and planted my first wet kiss onto his lips. Daddy pulled my waist even closer and I ground my crotch up and down along his hard on. Soon we progressed into a wet kiss and indulged in our bodily gratification. Daddy experienced lips and tongue was driving me to heaven.

"Daddy, teach me to be your real young fuck toy, I want to be your fuck toy..." I broke the kiss to express my desire and plunged my lips onto Daddy's lips again.

"Ummm... humm... ahhh..." Daddy was greedily exploring my back from my ass cracks up to my neck while I continued to grind his erect manhood.



Eventually Daddy broke the kiss.

"Daddy, can I be your angel today? That day in the club, everyone enjoyed your angel but Daddy didn't. Today I want to be an angel, just for Daddy."

"Angel? You want to be my angel today?" Daddy caressed my face and seemed happy to my suggestion.

"Yes, I want to be Daddy's most adorable angel today!"

"Good! Daddy wants to play with his angel today. Go..." Daddy lightly patted my butt and I happily went upstairs to the kinky wardrobe.

There were quite a few lingerie sets to go with the angel wings, but I decided to be a naked angel today. I so wanted to be totally naked for Daddy. Walking down the stairs with just a pair of angel wings bouncing on my back, I can't contained my excitements from showing through my smiles. But as I saw Daddy stunned in astonishment, I realized I have hit Daddy's nerve with the angel wings.

"Hey Sir, I am looking for Mr Steve Low. Are you Mr Steve Low? Hehe..." I wanted to pretend an angel comes to earth scene but can't stop my giggle.

"Yes I am Steve Low. How may I help you... Miss Angel?" Daddy scanned me from my face down to my toes and back on my face. My whole body filed with joys!

"Great! Mr Steve Low, heaven has come across your generosity in providing and protecting a 19 year old girl from hunger and danger. Because of your good deed, the heaven has awarded you with an angel, that's me, angel Nikki."

"That's heavenly fantastic! You are my reward... what a wonderful reward!" Daddy stood up and came closer to me.

"Yes, angel Nikki is all yours now. I hope you don't mind about me being naked. You know clothing is optional in heaven and I don't really like clothing. Unless you want me to, I will wear whatever you wish. I will do whatever you wish. I am all yours now." I knelt down and plant a kiss on the back of Daddy's hand like a slave submitting to her Master.

"So you are all mine! All I wish for is a fuck toy, can an angel be my fuck toy?" Daddy sat on the sofa again and caressed my hair.

"Yes, I can be your fuck toy, I want to be your fuck toy Daddy... Can I call you Daddy?"

"Sure. You can call me Daddy. But to be my fuck toy, you have to know Daddy's cock first. Go take a look and say hey."

"Now?" My face blushed when Daddy asked me to take a look at his manhood!

"Yes. Now"

My heart raced as Daddy spread his legs to allow more space for me to get closer. I didn't know how to begin so I stared at Daddy for help.

"Open it."

My hands were subtly shaking when I released Daddy's giant cock from the constraint of his shorts. His angry purple cock head sprung into the air the moment I pulled the waistband.

"Daddy... it's BIG!" I looked up to Daddy in shocked.

"First time seeing a real cock?"

"Yes Daddy. Can I?"

"Sure. You have LONG way to go baby." My face blushed again as Daddy used a double meaning word.

The veiny shaft continued to emerge as I pulled the waistband down all the way to the base.

"Daddy, it's taller than my face!"

"Yes, I guess so." Daddy answered with pride.

With one hand holding the waistband, I grasped the hard rod before me and pulled it closer to me.

"Slow down baby, slow down. Take off my shorts first."

My face turned full blush as I realized I was too eager to taste Daddy's cock!

"Yes Daddy." Daddy lifted up his bottom and I pulled Daddy shorts all the way off his legs. Daddy's magnificent manhood and his balls displayed right before my eyes! I was spellbound and could not move my eyes away!

"Baby, now you can touch it, feel it and play with it."

The heat and the stiffness of the shaft in my hands sent thrills down my spine. The sleazy thoughts of the big wide cock inside my body aroused me further and my pussy quickly flooded with my love juice. I rubbed the length of the stiff shaft while leaning my head closer to Daddy's cock.

"Can I kiss?"

"Go ahead baby."

"Thank you Daddy!"

I maneuvered the shaft to my mouth and I kissed the cock head lightly. The mesmerizing faint scent of Daddy's male organ stimulated my desire. My kiss was getting deeper and soon my lips enveloped Daddy's cock head. I sucked and licked the cock head inside my mouth like having a wet kiss with Daddy's cock.

"Yes baby... Yes!" Daddy had his eyes closed and moaned softly. I was happy and proud of my achievement!

After a few more kisses, Daddy leaned forward and held my head firmly as I continued to kiss his cock head. Daddy began to take control, pushing my mouth deeper down his hard meat rod. I was struggling to accommodate his thick cock. Soon Daddy's cock head was chocking at my throat, but Daddy continued forcing it further down until I was gagging on his cock. My tears role down my cheeks and my saliva wet Daddy cock, making a sloppy messy scene in front of Daddy.

Daddy was so powerful! I wasn't sure if that was Daddy's sheer muscle strength or Daddy's strong desire that he kept inside him for too long.

"Yes, good girl!"

"How do you like it baby?" I nodded with my head in limited movement under Daddy firm grips, completely submitted myself to Daddy!

"Look at Daddy, I want to see how you take Daddy's cock." I obediently looked up to Daddy as the endless shaft was forced down my throat, again and again, faster and faster. Daddy moans were getting louder and louder as my lips was inching towards the base of his cock.

I could feel Daddy's force and lust as Daddy was using my throat for his gratification. I was determined to be Daddy's good girl to take in whatever Daddy is giving!

Daddy was getting very rough and forceful, pushing my head down his thick hard shaft. His cock head shoved deep into my throat. I am powerless to do anything except to relax my throat for Daddy's pleasure!

My throat kept rejecting Daddy big cock with strong gag reflexes every time Daddy forced his cock down my throat.

"Try not to cough... relax baby!" Daddy lightly slapped my face to remind me how to be his good girl. I nodded as tears role down my cheeks. I have determined to do my best for Daddy!

Daddy shoved his cock down my throat again, again and again, deeper and deeper every time!

"Look at me, my little angel. Look at me while I cum on your face!" Daddy lifted my head up along his cock and I quickly looked up to Daddy like a good little girl and got ready to receive Daddy's cum.

Daddy immediately exploded in my mouth while my lips were still enveloped his cock head! For the first time in my life, a man came right before me, right inside my mouth! Daddy's cum filled my mouth. Daddy pulled out and continued to cum all over my face. That was a lot of cum! I have never expected so much cum! Then Daddy shoved his cock back into my mouth again. I remembered that all girls suck and swallow cum in the porn videos, so I sucked and swallowed Daddy's cum. It tasted strange but nice. I continued to lick and suck the cum around Daddy's cock.

"Daddy, did I do well?" I looked up to Daddy while clearing the cum around my lips and my face into my mouth.

