Title: Sexy Sisters
Author: Tony Tiger <tonytigerxxx@yahoo.com>
Summary: (M+F+, ws, sharing)
*****************************************************************

My girlfriend Carrie was 40 years old when I met her and hot as a firecracker. I know that it is said a woman really gets into sex at that age but I guess she has always been that way. We have been dating for about two years. She was my only girlfriend but I was far from her only boyfriend. Even though I am 10 years younger than her and considered myself to be a horny stud I often can't keep up with her needs. Carrie craves cocks.

I asked her out because she looked so much like my favorite porn star Lisa Sparxxx. I was hoping to get to see those big chest bags swinging over me when she rode my cock. After a good dinner she invited me to her house and started making out with me as soon as the door was closed. When she took me to her bedroom it was obvious that her bed had recently been used for carnal pleasures. After we stripped each other she threw a towel over the wet spot and led me onto the playground. She insisted I eat her while she got familiar with my hard parts then as she aimed my little head at her wet spot she murmured, "Hope you like it slippery!" It was and I do and soon her cunt was even more slippery. After a short rest I was enjoying her hangers with my hands and mouth as she rode my re-inspired dick. I spent the night and we fucked about 6 times altogether and played a lot in between. After a small breakfast she said she needed some sleep since she had a lunch date and sent me away. She agreed to go out with me four nights later since that was her first free evening.

I jacked off a lot waiting for the next time to be with Carrie. This time we ate in and got to fucking even sooner. After an energetic screw we were laying side by side in her bed when she propped herself up and said we needed to talk. She explained that she enjoyed variety in sex too much to ever be exclusive to one man. She liked me both in and out of bed and I had passed her tests on our first date. I looked puzzled and she explained that I was willing to eat and fuck her even though she had deliberately made it very obvious that she was freshly screwed. I had also been ok making another date when I knew she would be banging other guys before and after me on the same day. I replied that it was HER body so what she did with it was only up to her. I would be pleased to enjoy it as often as I could. That got a BIG hug from her and another vigorous screw. I couldn't spend the night as she had a later date already arranged but I was welcome to have "lunch and more" with her tomorrow. I accepted. Back in her busy bed after lunch, the only clue that she had fucked someone else since our last date was how silky slick she felt to my cock. When I commented how nice it felt she explained that she never rinsed her vagina out since semen was good for a woman and she liked having all the different sperm inside her at the same time. 

As I spent more time with Carrie, usually twice a week with our schedules, I got to know more about her as a person. She began to trust me enough to open up with her story. She had started sex with a neighbor boy at a young age and his three brothers were soon fucking her too. She loved the pleasure and attention. Her mother had neglected sex education and she got pregnant. Then her mother arranged a cut rate abortion that left her unable to have children. She compensated for that loss with even more screwing. Her first husband got her out of a poor home situation where her stepfather was banging her several times a week. The marriage lasted less than a year when the husband couldn't keep up or accept sharing her. The second marriage a few years later was to a guy who thought he could share but eventually couldn't and decided he wanted kids. They parted friends and she still screwed him from time to time, especially when his next wife was pregnant. She vowed to never marry again.

She became facinated with the male sex organ. Her longtime job paid well and had regular hours with no responsibilities after work. This allowed her the freedom to develop and enjoy her "hobby".  She had experienced quite a range of sizes, shapes, colors, and semen production. She laughingly said she had never met a cock that she didn't like. Besides all the variations of regular intercourse there were a lot of other fun things to do with cocks. There were many parts of her body that could cause ejaculation. Semen made a good body lotion besides its beneficial hormonal effects in her vagina. A fucked out soft cock could still produce a golden liquid for quite a few other pleasures. And then there were the delights of multiple men sequentially or at the same time. You had to be in her select circle to enjoy those special monthly group events. 

She was not a whore. She carefully selected and trained her male partners. And they experienced sex that was only a fantasy for most men. If you could handle the situation, and many could not after a while, you eventually graduated to the inner circle. After enjoying my twice weekly times with Carrie, and always wishing for more, she invited me to dinner with one of her longtime lovers. We got acquainted as we ate and then she took both of us to her playpen. I had never had group sex before, except in my imagination, so the two experienced ones put me at ease. It was delightful to see what I had only imagined. Carrie spent a long time in foreplay including putting our dickheads together as she sucked us. She had us jack each other for a bit and then I guided his hard cock into her cunt. After fucking her for a while the other guy did the same for me. Of course Carrie didn't ignore the dick that was outside of her. We took turns in her cunt and mouth until the other guy shot his cum inside her. As she got on top of me I saw something I'll never forget and have often recreated. His cum began seeping out between her inner pussy lips and dripped down on my erection. Carrie saw it twitch with each drop so she slowly covered my length with the white cream before pointing it upward and taking it all back inside her. I was so aroused by this tantalizing situation that I shot off on the first stroke. She laid down on top of me and let my softening dick soak for a while. The stimulation and competition kept both guys hard longer and oftener until Carrie made us stop and get some sleep. We did wake up sometime in the night and fuck her again as well as in the morning. She had a big bathtub/shower so got all three of us in there before our morning piss. She grabbed a soft dick in each hand and pointed them at each other with orders to relax. After a few minutes we did and I got my first golden shower. She sat us down in the tub and dumped her large bladder full all over our genitals. Next time she would be the recipient!

I was now spending one evening and one night with her by myself and another night which included one of her other favorites. That way I got to know and be comfortable with them so when my first invitation to a group party arrived I already knew the players. It was one thing to have Carrie enjoying you and your cock and very much another, and almost equally enjoyable, experience to see her doing those things to another guy. She was completely focussed on the object of her attention. Her complete delight in looking at, holding, rubbing, stroking, kissing, sucking, fucking, and anything else physically possible to do to the male sex organ was truly a sight to behold. You could almost feel it being done to you at the same time, and you were eager for your turn. When she was one-on-one the focus was on prolonging the experience with a variety of positions since she could cum more often than the guy. With multiple men available the program changed to enjoying simultaneous stimulations and more frequent cum deposits. 

We had all learned to enjoy a wide variety of fun with both our hostess and the other guys. We were basically straight but not homophobic. After a few drinks and some stimulation by our hot honey we were open to quite a bit. One of the guys had a private back yard with a pool so Carrie arranged a summer party there. We skinnydipped and fooled around in the sun. We each fucked Carrie on the grass and rinsed her pussy with our pee after we came. When all four guys were drained we laid on the grass and she peed and dripped cum on each of our genitals. Whoever got hard again got more wet and juicy pussy. She also liked to have her pussy pissed on with a hard dick in it. Reverse cowgirl position worked well for this. She liked the pisser to put his cockhead against her peehole when he was finished and she would bathe it with her pee, kind of returning the favor. It was fun for the fucker to feel the hot liquid from both sources on his dick and balls while her pussy gripped and pulsed on his shaft.

A couple of months ago Carrie got a new job. She has a Masters in Psychology and Counseling and took special training for sex therapy. She included being a sex surrogate in her practice, something most therapists don't do themselves. That is the perfect job for her. She can make more money working part time at something she loves to do than her previous fulltime job. Not only can she get cock at work but the part time schedule gives her more flexibility with her personal sex life. I can set my own schedule so am able to enjoy her company more often during the day. With these new client additions to her cock collection she isn't replacing any of her lovers who move on. I'm happy to help take up the slack because I think I'm falling in love with her. If she makes her clients feel as special as she does me, and her other men, then she will be extremely successful professionally. She gets a great deal of her sexual satisfaction from how we respond to her enthusiasm and caring...that is the frosting on the cake of wonderful physical pleasures.

One day, when we were together resting and visiting between copulations, she began telling me of her experiences in her new job. All her previous sex had been just for fun so this was different. She explained that her only prior experience like it was the time she taught the son of an older lover about sex as a favor to him. She spent about a dozen sessions with the virgin teenager before she sent him looking, with much more confidence, for a girlfriend his own age. Now she was working with clients who might be having performance problems, or had lost a spouse and needed reassurance and dating training, or many other very personal issues. Getting her own sexual satisfaction during sessions with her clients was not a priority so she often wanted a hard cock from one or more of her guys after work. 

Working with her older clients who had lost their wives reminded her of an affair she had during her second marriage. She didn't have to hide the strange cock she was enjoying then so a sixty year old widower boss got his prostate emptied regularly at work. Her husband got hard when she came home with a cum filled cunt and took seconds as soon as she arrived. That caused a problem after a while because the boss was well endowed, knew how to use it, and she lived close to work. Her horny husband would cum too quickly to get her off so soon after banging her older lover. She always enjoyed a hard spurting pecker whether or not she climaxed but he felt inadequate. The bigger problem occured when the boss got possessive and didn't want her fucking anyone besides him, even her husband. When Carrie realized his jealousy she found another job but missed his good screwing.

When her grandmother died Carrie looked after her stepgrandfather Tony. He was 72, quite a bit younger than her grandmother, and very healthy but lonely. She counseled him in his grief. When, after a few months, he confided that he also missed the active sex life they had until just before she died, Carrie's nurturing nature kicked in and she easily seduced the grieving older man. She shared with me how excited he got even seeing her younger body and she asked him about his health before bedding him, not wanting to screw him to death. He had her missionary style the first time, which not surprisingly didn't last long, then they played with and explored each others' bodies for an hour while he recovered. When he was hard enough, she rode him to a mutual climax. She enjoyed banging him and arranged to stop over two afternoons a week for fun. He said that he felt like a "new man" in every sense of the word and she was very pleased.

Tony was married to Carrie's grandmother for a long time so they had already become good friends. She knew he was intelligent, non-judgemental, imaginative, and openminded. He was basically aware of her marital history and multi-boyfriend lifestyle. Now that there was an intimate physical relationship, their trust and openness greatly increased just as it had with me. He became a mentor as well as a lover. Carrie's grandmother had enjoyed sex but only wanted the basics. Now Tony had an opportunity to try all the interesting activities he had only fantasized about earlier in his life, sort of like a second childhood. Carrie always got lots of pleasure helping guys experience for the first time stuff that she had done many times. It kind of made it new to her again. One afternoon when she visited him I was asked to accompany her. It was great to meet this man who was so important to Carrie. After visiting a while she excused them and they went to the bedroom for about 20 minutes. I could hear sex noises and when they stopped a naked Carrie came to the bedroom door and signaled me to join them. Tony had never watched live sex or had a threesome so this was his chance. Carrie undressed me and put me on the bed where she sucked me to full glory then sat on me reverse cowgirl style. As she slowly went up and down on my dick she had Tony touch and taste her all over as she played with and sucked him. She had him hold my balls when I came in her then rolled over and gave him his first fresh seconds. I did her doggy after he finished and we snoozed together in his bed for a while. He watched me eat her cum filled cunt but said he would have to work up to that. She grinned and informed him that he had eaten more cum from her than he realized...it just wasn't as fresh. On another occasion we did some pee play which Tony liked because it seemed so nasty. Tony wasn't included in her monthly gang bangs although he did learn about them. It was good enough for him to have me be with them once in a while.

When her apartment lease was up Tony asked her to live in his big house. He would trade rent for helping out with the place...NOT for the sex. She could have the mother-in-law apartment with its own entrance so her lifestyle wouldn't be crimped. She talked it over with me and I thought it was a good idea. She was getting more emotionally attached to him so that made her life simpler and she could save a lot of money. We helped her move and then celebrated with an all night threesome to christen the new abode. At first she was shy about bringing her other lovers there so would fuck them at their homes but after introducing them to Tony she would entertain them at her new place as well. Since there was a connecting door to the main house she could easily visit her grandpa and would often spend nights in his bed when she didn't have other plans or partners. Even after her evening dates he might get some fresh silky seconds and someone to wake up with.

I had been helping with the house and yard too and was a frequent participant in Carrie's sex life both solo and in various combinations. Tony was almost treating me like a grandson so I wasn't surprised when he invited me to move into one of the bedroom suites. I had a very small apartment with cheap used furniture so it was a big step up for me and the financial part helped a lot since I had decided to finish college. I took over house and yard and auto maintenance. Of course I was now more available for Carrie and vice versa. We were evolving into a cozy, happy, and sexy family.

We had all just readjusted to the new arrangements when Carrie's younger sister needed a place to stay. She had just gotten out of an abusive marriage, fortunately without children. Caren was my age and built like her big sister but taller and a redhead. Since Carrie's apartment was designed for only one person, Tony installed her in another of his bedrooms. She was hiding out from her husband for now while legal proceedings played their course. Carrie also arranged for counseling at the place where she worked. As our new arrival got feeling more secure around us we included her in more and more of our nonsexual activities. We were pretty circumspect about the sexual ones for a while and then Carrie had a long talk with Caren about her lifestyle and how things were around the house. That talk opened up a big door for Caren and surprised her big sister. 

Caren had been sexually frustrated for all of her adult life. She had been raped for two years by mother's boyfriend then married to escape, much like Carrie, but the husband was a dominating jerk. He fucked her as a cum dump whenever he wanted a piece with no regard to her feelings or enjoyment. When he began making her fuck his drinking buddies on weekends she had enough and got out. Fortunately she had used birth control that he didn't know about. She had never had an orgasm with her husband and said that the drinking buddies actually fucked her better and made some attempt to give her pleasure. She yearned for a fulfilled life like her big sister's.

With Caren's permission the four of us had some talks about her past and her needs. We all offered her the love and support she had never known. With Carrie's professional advice Caren began sharing my bed, first with nightclothes and, at her own speed, with less and less. Carrie fucked me before bedtime to make my self control better. As Caren's trust of me increased we began to be more affectionate in and out of bed. Hugs, kisses, and caresses became more frequent and intimate. When she finally pulled my mouth to her breasts and put her hand on my cock things accelerated. When I gave her the first oral orgasm of her life she went wild and almost pulled my dick off getting it into her pussy. Carrie had drained me earlier so I was able to fuck for a long time, varying my pace to find what was best for her. After she came again I spurted inside her which triggered another climax. We rolled on our sides and I held her close, still imbedded, as she sobbed and shook almost uncontrollably with happiness. There was little sleep that night as she tried to make up for a lifetime. I often had tears in my eyes as she tried every position and alternately laughed and cried. We finally got out of bed in the late morning and Caren dragged me unwashed and undressed to show her sister what had happened. She was giddy as she asked for some food so we would have energy for the next few hours. We slept and fucked until suppertime when I insisted we take a break since I was soft and sore. We showered and dressed and the four of us went out to dinner. 

We were enjoying some after dinner drinks back at home when I mentioned that Caren had worn me out. Caren piped up that I wasn't the only man in the house and looked directly at Tony as she asked Carrie if Grandpa was as good as what she just had. Carrie said he was, only different, so Caren went to Tony and gave him a deep kiss and cupped his crotch as she asked, "Would you sleep with me tonight?" He put both hands on her ample breasts and answered, "I thought you'd never ask!" Carrie wanted me to sleep with her, more to get a full report than use my worn out dick. Maybe in the morning...

With everyone now on a fully intimate basis we resumed our nude at home lifestyle. Tony and I greatly enjoyed two busty beautiful women bouncing around and our peckers were good indicators of that. For the few weeks Caren took every advantage of a stiff dick that she could during the day and alternated nights with her available men. We greatly enjoyed her enthusiasm and increasing skills. Carrie, now having to share, spent more time with her other guys and even resumed her practice of having an afternoon and/or an evening fuck sometimes followed by an overnighter then slipping into one of her housemate's bed in the morning for a finale. I always enjoyed thrusting in lots of fresh silky cum as she told me about how it got there. She restarted the monthly gang bangs with myself and her two other guys. Tony didn't want to particpate. He was getting enough regular pussy from the two sisters.   

Caren's therapist was amazed at her progress and terminated her counselling. Carrie smiled knowing that the rapid progress was due mostly to her two male "sex therapists" at home. It had been obvious to all of us how her self esteem and self image had improved daily as she was respected as a person plus being complimented and pleasured as an attractive female. She was clearly as intelligent as her sister so plans were made for her to attend college when her legal issues were cleared up. Tony even offered to pay her expenses. Probably because we were close in age and she associated me with her sexual awakening, she began spending most nights with me. As I mentioned earlier, Tony and Carrie had bonded so we became like two sharing couples.

Caren spent time talking to her older and more experienced sister to compile a list of everything that Carrie had tried with guys. She brought the list to me and we began going through it as she was ready. She felt very sexy when, on nights that Carrie had a sleepover or was away, she would fuck me then go to get laid by Tony and return directly to me for thirds. Of course I enjoyed it too! We swapped partners for the night about once a week and would have individual one on ones romps during the day as schedules worked out. One night during Carrie's period I suggested that Tony join us in our bed. I knew that this was a first for Caren and she loved the experiences possible with two men she cared about at the same time. Of course this led to four in a bed with some guy-guy and girl-girl loving too. Caren was invited to the next sex party but declined to do guys she didn't really care for. She stayed with Tony while I went with Carrie. The next morning though she wanted a full recounting and fucked me hard. She later said she might like to go and watch. I smiled inwardly because, knowing her better than she knew herself, she wouldn't be able to resist Carrie's good looking guys nor they her. I also knew I was falling in love with her and wasn't sure if I wanted to share her beyond our "family".

Caren was curious about golden showers and quickly turned into a real fan. She like the thrill of "nasty" starting with holding my dick as I peed then spraying on her in the shower. I sat her on my erection when I was on the toilet and her hot liquid ran on my pubes and balls. I especially liked a warm stream on my erection so we went out in the yard after drinking several beers. Being tipsy with full bladders is lots of fun and we took turns soaking each others' crotches followed by a piss-wet fuck then more beer and more pissing on each other before rinsing off with the garden hose. Knowing how much Carrie enjoyed this we invited them the next time. I loved seeing pee running off Caren's ample tits and also having Tony or Carrie piss on my rod while Caren was titty fucking me. The next time Carrie had her two lovers join our foursome. There were lots of variations to try with this many fluid sources. One of Carrie's favorites was to screw one of her lovers then have a housemate rinse off her cunt with their piss before the other lover and housemate did the same. Caren got so hot watching her sister that she wanted the same treatment with her housemates doing the fucking. She went wild with being pleasured and watched. She even insisted on licking the piss off the other guys' dicks after they peed on her cunt. I was half expecting her to fuck them too but was glad she didn't. That night as we lay coupled she told me that her cunt wanted to feel them inside but her head said to make sure I was ok with it. She shyly said that she was in love for the first time in her life...with me! I kissed her deeply and told her I was having the same experience. We made tender love and slept.

The next morning we talked some more and we came to breakfast holding hands and smiling. Tony and Carrie wondered what was up so we told them that we considered ourselves engaged. Caren's divorce wasn't final yet so that was all we could do. Tony hugged us and Carrie cried. That evening after dinner they handed us a certificate for a week stay at a luxury adult nudist resort a few hours drive away. It was Caren's turn to cry and I got teary too. We spontaneously took our housemates' hands and led them to our bedroom for a happy thank you group fuck.   

Two weeks later we drove to the coast. Neither one of us had ever had a real vacation or visited a resort so Carrie had prepped us. She had been to this one several times and enjoyed it greatly. Our  small cabin was at the edge of the beach so we unpacked, stripped and slathered on the sunscreen. We walked around the place marvelling at the variety of bodies and body parts on display. My dick started to fill so we went back to the cabin for a quicky then explored the rest of the resort before splashing in the ocean. As we returned to our cabin there was a couple spooned on the chaise lounge in front of the cabin next to ours. They beckoned us over for an introduction and invited us over for a drink before dinner. As we talked the woman raised her top leg and we could see that her man was buried in her twat. She smiled and said, "Isn't this a fun place! We like making new friends here." We went to our cabin for a shower and a screw. Carrie had told us that a lot of swinging and group sex happened here. We decided that we had just been given an invitation to swing but we weren't quite ready for that yet.

At the cocktail hour we went next door and learned that they were a married couple from the other side of our town. They were about 5 years older and had been vacationing here for about 10 years, even before they married. After a drink we went to the dining room and sat at their table for dinner and the dancing that followed. It was very different to dance naked with other women and partial or full erections were not uncommon. Some women seemed to ask only shorter guys with protruding dicks to dance so they could nestle the man meat between their thighs and against their pussies as they danced. We noticed that there were very few fast dances! Roger and Marla introduced us to other couples and saw to it that we danced with almost anybody but our own partner. After a while I was hard and Caren was quite flushed. We were invited to our neighbors for "dessert" but we declined politely saying we weren't ready for that. We noticed a lot of couples fucking in various places in the moonlight on our way back so decided to do it on the chaise on our cabin porch. We were very aroused and when we saw our neighbors arriving with another couple in tow we both had strong climaxes.

The next morning we headed for breakfast the same time as our neighbors and we were introduced to the other couple. He was 45 and she was 25. They were married but not to each other. His wife and her husband didn't like nudism so were vacationing somewhere else together. These four had played together several times over the last few years. After breakfast we tried out the big hottub where the rules were that you never sat next to your own partner and nothing was hands off. Positions were rotated each time the aerating timer was reset. I ended up touching a few cocks which was kind of interesting. When we were cooked enough we headed for the water and also played some beach frisbee. As we were tanning we noticed that groups of two or more would grab towels and head back in the sand dunes. They would reappear later and head for the water or a beach shower. It was obvious from the cum running down the women's legs what they had been doing. We decided to try it and were treated to real live sex shows while looking for our own place. There were often spectators keeping a respectful distance. We watched one woman who had apparently worn out two guys  beckon to a watcher with a hardon to join them. Caren squeezed my hand as he got on top of the woman and just plunged in to her obviously cum filled twat.

We were walking by a youngish couple who waved us over. They asked us if we would join them. We spread out our beach towel and they wanted us to video them screwing. We agreed and then they asked if we would mind a soft swap on video first. We asked what that was and they explained that we would trade partners for anything short of full intercourse. This was their honeymoon and first time at this kind of resort so were going slow. We explained that our situation was much like theirs and would be willing to give it a try. I used the camera while Caren and Roger started making out on the blanket. Sally stood behind me and kept her hand on my erection the whole time. I moved to get different angles as they touched and sucked each other to orgasms. The Roger took the camera and I got to explore Sally's charms. We finished off in a wild 69 as our partners applauded. The newlyweds then starred in their own honeymoon porno as they screwed in multiple positions finishing with an internal cum shot. We were next and did our best to outdo the previous performers. We all laid together and shared some beer as we got acquainted in the more traditional way. They were in their early twenties and lived about an hour from us. Her parents were nudists but they had only been to family resorts. This was a treat for them. As we drank more beer Roger asked if he could play with Caren's big hanging tits. Sally's were cone shaped with protruding nipples. She was a smallish blond with short hair. Caren sat up and Roger put his head in her lap. I asked Sally if I could eat her and she mentioned she was full of Roger's cum. I said that was why I was interested! Her eyes opened wide along with her thighs. She had sparse light blond pussy hair and I dove in. She was soon moaning and making small screams as I brought her to a series of climaxes. She finally pushed me away to regain her composure. Roger tried the same with Caren but needed some training which she promised at a later time. The girls reciprocated by giving the other guy a blowjob before we headed back. We traded phone numbers and wanted to get together again. They would make us a copy of the videos on a USB stick.

Our neighbors were spooning again as we got to our cabin and offered another before dinner drink. As we were enjoying it they asked us right out if we would like to swap partners for an "appetizer". We said we weren't ready for a full swap but a soft one would be nice. We all got on their big bed and we got to enjoy our second new partner in one day. I was distracted from the sexy woman I was with by wanting to see Caren being pleasured. It had been better in the afternoon because we took turns. When the guy tried to slip his dick into Caren she called out "Switch!" and the women got on top for the best visual and manual access. The wife's tits were even bigger and floppier than Caren's and each guy reached over for a handful of each woman. We showered with the other partner and said adeiu for the evening. As we walked on the beach in the sunset we talked about our experiences since we arrived. We agreed that the afternoon couple were more fun than our cabin neighbors. The unspoken question was would we go further? I opened the door by saying, "You mentioned he needs pussy eating lessons. Do you suppose he needs fucking lessons too?" She grinned at me and replied, "Only one way to find out!" We kissed each other hotly and headed for their cabin.

They were surprised when we knocked on the door but seemed pleased. "Come in and have a drink", Roger said. We visited and found out that they had started dating in high school but just got serious about a year ago. Both had other relationships while they were dating but finally realized that theirs was the best. I asked if they ever swapped with another couple and Sally shyly said they had several times with her sister and husband after they got engaged. I said that they must have enjoyed it if there were "several times". They nodded. Caren explained how we got together and our living situation. There were sisters involved too! I said how much we had enjoyed the afternoon and we would like to repeat it or take it further. Roger said, "Let's watch our video for starters." With another round of drinks we switched partners. I put my arm around Sally and could easily cup her small breast. She put her hand on my thigh near my cock which began filling in appreciation. With the lights down low the video soon had us caressing our seatmate as we were graphically reminded of the afternoon fun. Sally got up and sat in my lap putting my erection up between her legs so she could caress it while I had both hands on her tits or her slit. Caren wasn't as small as Sally so lay with her head in Rogers lap which gave him easy access to her fun parts. A couple of times I had to hold Sally's hand still so I didn't shoot all over her thighs. When the video finished, Sally rose up with her pussy directly over my swollen cock head and said to the others, "Any objections?" Two people shook their heads and she settled all the way down on my dick and began moving up and down. I had been so close so long I exploded loudly and she shuddered in orgasm from my spurting. Then Caren laid on the floor and spread her legs in invitation. Roger drove right in and lasted about as long as I had. Caren hadn't cum so I diddled her with my finger with Roger still embedded until she shook with pleasure. 

We had all decided from the afternoon experience that it was the most fun to take turns watching and doing so we piled in their king size bed with fresh drinks and I began loving Sally again. Her husband helped so she had a mouth on each breast and he caressed her cunt when my dick was filling it. When Sally got going she really got verbal. She even talked about how my dick felt longer than so-and-so and something I did reminded her of another so-and-so. Roger grinned since he knew what a hot sex life she had while they were dating before, and it turns out during, their engagement. Here they were, only married a few days and she had a new dick buried in her hot little twat. Then it was the other couple's turn and they had a great time too. Roger loved Caren on top so he could have the best access to her magnificent hangers and even Sally played with them while her husband was being screwed. We stayed the night and kept waking each other up for more fucking. One time when Caren was resting on top of Roger just after getting a fresh load of his cum, I slipped my dick in her cunt and just enjoyed the sexy slippery feeling even though I couldn't cum right then. Roger couldn't last as long as me but got recharged quicker and shot big cum loads with a lot of force. Caren could usually feel at least his first shot in her vagina. The girls could tell who was screwing them since my dick was long enough to rub the end on their cervix while Roger was shorter but fatter and stretched them nicely. Sally was much smaller and lighter than Caren and was pretty agile. Her vagina had a different texture as I slid in and out. She grinned as she said she had plenty of experience with my length and longer. Caren was really enjoying the attentions of a younger man. She took full advantage of his rapid recovery and got three of his copious cum loads in her mouth or cunt to every two I gave Sally. I was almost jealous except I had a young blond hottie that loved to have my dick in one opening or another for long sessions. I was thin enough that she enjoyed me up her ass too.  

We had plenty of time for our own private loving. Caren marvelled how she could be so in love with me and yet completely enjoy fucking Roger and Tony. She even got aroused seeing her special man getting the most intimate pleasures from another woman. I commented that enjoying other dicks hadn't hurt her pussy as far as I could tell and she probably couldn't wear it out! Watching her enjoying sex with another and openly sharing it with me was just an extension of our sex life...a special kind of foreplay perhaps. One evening we walked by our neighbor's cabin and there were four couples banging away. We looked at each other...that was not our style. We discussed that while sex with strangers might feel good it was more lasting when there was a personal and caring connection.

We spent the rest of the week sharing resort activities and sex with our new friends. Days were spent as a couple and we alternated nights at each other's cabin as a foursome. The last night was different. Starting before dinner we swapped partners until the next morning. We had grown quite close to the newlyweds so these switched pairs were to act like mates until breakfast. What we said and did was just between the pairs. Sally wanted to make love on the beach in the moonlight. I asked her if she had any fantasies she couldn't share with Roger. She was reticent until I reminded her this was a private time. Then she opened up that one of her boyfriends had done some pee play with her that she thought was fun. Had I ever done that? I told her a little about our games at home. She was fascinated and asked me to show her. I packed a cooler with beer and water and we headed for the beach in the moonlight. "We have to drink as much as we can as we go along," I said. We sat for a bit filling up our reservoirs. I hasn't peed for a while so I told Sally to kneel down in front of me and she was to aim my hose at her tits. I let go and she giggled as she directed the hot stream on her nipples and belly. She wiggled a little as it ran down over her pussy. I stopped the flow and had her lie back then finished by spraying all over her cunt. She was rubbing her clit while I pissed on it and came before I ran out. I laid down on the sand and she stood over my crotch and wet me thoroughly. I was impressed with her accuracy and she giggled that she had practiced when she peed outdoors. She surprised me by dropping her cunt down on my hard cock and taking it in all covered with her piss. She kissed me and said how she loved being so wicked! She knew she looked so innocent and Roger didn't know half of what she had done with other guys. He didn't realize how many times he was the second or third guy to fill her pussy that day when they were dating and even engaged. She wanted him to enjoy her sex with others so she could keep getting the variety she was used to. After she came she squirted on my pubes which were up against hers then said "Cum and then piss inside me!" I shot my load and, when my dick relaxed enough to let my piss flow, it exited deep in her twat. The hot liquid ran out around my softening dick and over my balls. Sally moaned with another orgasm and my cock felt her vagina spasm over and over.

We went to the cabin and showered. Temporarily sated, Sally said, "Since we are promised to confidentiality, I want to tell you stuff than no one else knows." I nodded and said, "Will it turn me on?" "Probably and I hope so. Like I said earlier, I am a real horny girl. Less than two weeks ago at my batchelorette party this little pussy got fucked all night by two of my long time boyfriends and my brother in law. Roger knew I was screwing when he was out of town but doesn't know how much I did when he wasn't. He worked so much it was easy to get extra cock as often as I wanted which was almost every day. He didn't ask about my party because that same night my older sister and a girlfriend who owed me a favor were screwing his brains out. I love him with all my heart and just want him to accept me for the horny woman that I am. Mmmmm, I can feel how excited that's getting you...you feel so good in there!" I replied, "You are quite the cute little bundle of sexual surprises. I admire and appreciate women who can fully enjoy their femaleness like you and Caren do, and I'm honored that you are sharing it with me. You are so sexy and I'm taking advantage of that right now!" Of course we also fucked during the night and in the morning before meeting our significant others for breakfast.

They were smiling and Caren said to Sally, as we were eating, "I think you will enjoy Roger's improved muff diving skills." Sally responded, "Thanks! I got to try some watersports that I hope to do at home." We agreed to get together in two weeks at their house for a weekend. Caren and I held hands all the way home and didn't have to say how good the time had been. I told her every 15 minutes how much I loved her just the way she was. I was so happy she could really enjoy sex even if all of it wasn't with me. She said the same and how special it was that we could have experiences like this past week. Tony and Carrie were excited to see us and wanted to know all about our vacation. We gave them a fuck by fuck narration plus showed the video of our soft swap. After seeing that, Tony thought he might enjoy going there too. They were very interested in our new friends and hoped we would invite them soon. Carrie teased Tony about being hot for some real young pussy.

Our trip to visit Roger and Sally soon arived and we had a great time. We  spent Friday night in their bed then tried some watersports in their private back yard on Saturday. Sally had gotten Roger through the basics and we had fun as a foursome. Saturday night we met her older sister and husband who were our age. We only had a few drinks with them that first meeting. Like on the vacation the two couples split up to separate bedrooms with the other person for the night. Sally loved to confide in me so I found out that one of her old boyfriends with a big dick had been hitting on her. Since Roger was still working an awful lot she asked him if she could get some extra cock. He finally agreed after she reassured him of her love and so she got laid two or three times a week by this guy. She said, as I stroked deep inside her, "He is pretty good but you are better. I hope you can fuck me often." Just as I shot my love juice on her cervix she said, "I've gone off birth control. Maybe you just made a baby!" "What about your boyfriend?" "He has to wear a wrapper but you don't. I want more of your seed...as much as you can plant in me. Make me pregnant!" I stayed hard and fucked her again and in the morning. On the drive home I asked Caren if Roger knew about Sally's desire for motherhood. She said he didn't mention it.

It was our turn to host in two weeks. We had plenty of room in the big house but they expected to share a bed with us. The first evening was spent socializing to get everyone acquainted. Then our visitors joined us in our bed and we screwed as a foursome for the night. The next day the girls went shopping and us guys drank beer and talked about guy stuff. After lunch Carrie announced that Sally wanted one of our super pee parties so everyone should load up on liquids. The visitors had easily adopted our nudist dress code so we went to the back yard and let our young ringleader call the shots. She hadn't ever played with Tony so concentrated on him first. She sucked him half hard and held his cock while he coated her body with piss then she cleaned his cock. Carrie stood over Roger and sprayed his crotch then licked his cock dry. The rest of us just started pissing on anyone in range until we ran dry. After our bladders refilled Sally wanted each person to piss on her cunt while she frigged herself to multiple orgasms then she peed up in the air to land all over herself. Roger was still learning what a bundle of sexual energy he had married. After rinsing off, Sally asked Carrie and Tony, but not Roger I noticed, if she could fuck Tony since she had never had a man that much older. Carrie replied with a request to fuck young Roger. Agreed! 

Sally led Tony to a chaise lounge and sat on his erection. She rode it until he groaned in climax then shuddered with her own. She got off and sat on the only other available hard dick which was mine. I dumped a load in her and she went over to eat Carrie's pussy full of her husband's cock. Caren watched in amazement and fingered her clit. She wanted cock but there were no hard ones available at the moment. Roger came in Carrie and his wife cleaned the juices off his wilting dick. We paired back up to shower and nap. After dinner Tony & Carrie excused themselves and we split up as couples like before. When I was alone with Sally I asked how her pregnancy goal was going. She replied that it was too early to tell but she was sure having fun trying. It was very erotic to have me and now Tony shooting sperm into her unprotected pussy. She just shivered thinking about all that sperm, along with the millions she got from Roger, searching for her egg. I told her that I thought Tony had a vasectomy but I hadn't. She said she hoped I impregnated her because I was her best lover ever. I shot a lot more seed into her that night and the next morning.

Four weeks later when we visited, Sally greeted us with the news that she was pregnant. She told me later that she thought it happened our last night together. Her sister and husband came for dinner and we had a celebratory orgy. We rotated beds so everyone fucked everyone of the opposite sex and ended up with our regular partner. When we were back together and I was enjoying thirds in Caren's familar cunt, she asked me if I knew Sally had been fertile and I admitted that she had told me and, yes, it might be mine. Caren said she wanted children someday but would be a lot more selective. I replied, "So I'm not good enough to father Sally's child?" She slugged me and pulled me on top of her for more loving.

I had another chance to fuck Sally's sister that weekend and there must be a horny gene in that family. She screwed me senseless and still wanted more so I sent Roger to her but he wasn't worth much after servicing Caren. We watched her husband bang her to another climax which gave Roger and me time to get ready for more shots at her cunt. What we didn't know is that she was inspired by Sally's pregnancy so stopped her birth control too and was in heat. She wanted all the sperm she could collect and didn't care which dick it came out of. She kept after the guys all the time until her sister told her to cool it. Amazingly enough, she didn't conceive that weekend. All four of them came to visit us a couple of weeks later and she fucked every guy including Tony as often as she could. Carrie brought in her two fuck buddies to help out and she fucked them too. Sally got into competition with her sister for a while but couldn't keep up. The sister's husband just shook his head and enjoyed Caren who didn't want to fuck her sister's studs. His wife still didn't catch in spite of all the assorted cum pumped into her.

Fortunately by the time Caren and I visited Sally and Roger again, her sister was pregnant and probably by her husband. Sally was now enjoying her boyfriend bareback as well as her sister's husband. Seems her sister's sex drive evaporated as soon as she caught so asked Sally to help out. Sally's drive skyrocketed in her pregnancy so any extra cock was welcome. She even excused herself on Saturday to get laid by her boyfriend after her husband and I had both fucked her. I got very little sleep that night. Caren didn't get much cock since Roger was worn out.

We decided to cool the relationship for awhile. Caren and I were both in college so we needed our energy for that. I called Roger and explained the situation and we would get together again but not for awhile. Well, Roger called me when Sally was about seven months pregnant and said she was back to normal, for her anyway, and they really missed us. Spring break was coming up so we agreed to visit but ONLY with them.

They greeted us at the door naked. After being undressed by them and enjoying a glass of wine we headed for the bedroom. Caren and I explored Sally's big belly and enlarging tits then we got down to some fun screwing just like old times. Sally showed me the comfortable positions and said she was only screwing Roger and her brother-in-law who still wasn't getting much from her sister. Things were back to the way we met them and it was a good vacation for us. We saw them one more time before the baby was born. Then we visited right after mother and baby came home. It did look a lot like me but it's hard to tell with a newborn. Caren gave Roger some good sexual relief too. 

When the baby was 2 months old they came to visit us. Tony and Carrie wanted to see the little guy and had enjoyed their early visits. We swapped around like before but I overnighted with Sally and the baby which Sally had named Phillip Roger after the two possible fathers. It was a new experience to have Sally riding my dick while nursing the little one. Her tits were noticeably bigger and she offered me the one that was not in use. As I nursed she said it turned her on even when the baby sucked on them. He fell asleep and we had a long and satisfying coupling. The next morning, after I had injected the fourth load of sperm since she arrived, Sally informed me that she was not back on birth control and didn't intend to be. I pulled my dick out in reflex and she laughed, saying she probably wouldn't catch again while nursing. She loved being pregnant and Roger knew she wanted to get with me again during her fertile periods. She was the sexual boss at their house so he couldn't argue.

Caren's divorce was finally settled and we made plans to get married at the nudist resort. Only our housemates and our special friends were invited. We got the same cabin as before and the others shared a bigger cabin close by. We arrived on Friday and had our own version of bachelor and bachelorettte parties. The two other guys spent the night with the bride and the two other women spent the night with the groom. They teased and fucked the shit out of me and I loved it. The wedding was at noon on the beach and quite a crowd of resort guests gathered since the news had gotten around. I wore only a black bow tie and Caren wore only a small veil. The ceremony was short and sweet with our housemates standing up for us. After I kissed my new wife they kissed and fondled us. The reception line had lots of hugs and caresses and even a few guys who kissed Caren's big nipples. Tony hosted a buffet lunch at the clubhouse followed by a dance band. We were pretty tipsy on champagne but managed a lot of close dances with the guests. I had many naked women who insisted on pushing their boobs and cunts against me. Caren rubbed her tits on many chests and enjoyed a lot of hard and soft man meat against her belly and pussy lips. One guy actually came on her belly and was so embarrassed he left even though she kissed him and said it was a compliment. There were lots of hoots and hollers when Caren leaned over and got rid of my persistent erection while her mouth was full of wedding cake. She wouldn't let me clean the frosting off and the next dancers tried to do it with their crotches. Things finally wound down and we somewhat unsteadily got back to our honeymoon cabin and collapsed.

We woke up late in the afternoon and took a beach blanket out to the dunes for our first fuck as a married couple. It was very loving and special. Caren had even rinsed out all the semen from the night before the wedding so it was just us together under the sky. We would not share our bodies with anyone else for the next two days, a long time for us! We knew that the rest of the wedding party was having their fun. Tony really enjoyed screwing young Sally with a babe at her breast. Carrie enjoyed watching that scene while Roger was humping her. He loved the different sensations from her voluptuous body. Sally just loved it all.

The next day after lunch, and lots of liquids, all of us headed into the dunes for a pee party. Even the little guy was nude and whoever was carrying him could get a golden shower without warning. The girls got a kick out of his little pecker spraying their tits. They laughingly told him that they hoped it grew big and strong while they were young enough to try it out. We sprayed and played until everyone was well drained and dripping then ran into the ocean to rinse off. Arriving at our cabin we saw the older couple from the year before. They congratulated us and invited us for a drink. We smiled and said ok but JUST a drink. After we visited we gave them some hugs, kisses and squeezes but we just wanted each other again.

Carrie and Tony had settled into a stable, loving, and sharing relationship at least as strong as the matrimony Carrie rejected. Tony had frequent access to her enthusiastic loving and the erotic thoughts, images, observations, and sharing of her sexual activities with me, her clients, our visitors, and other occasional lovers kept his libido pretty high for an older man. Of course Caren gave him a good seeing to at least once a week. When hot little Sally visited she screwed him as much for the novelty of the age difference as the sex.   

Spooning after a loving coupling, with my dick soaking in my favorite pussy, Caren seemed a bit troubled. "What is it?" I asked. "Now that you are sleeping with your own wife instead of someone else's, will the thrill be gone?" "Why should it? You are still the same beautiful, sexy, and intelligent woman as before!" She turned over to hug me to her bounteous breasts. "You know I have fucked lots of guys and hope to enjoy more. There are quite a few things left on my sex bucket list. How do you feel about that now that we are wed?" "Each time I enter you after you have fucked another man it's like you are a little bit different and that keeps you sexy and appealing. It is YOUR body to share as you choose but, I will always want to know whose sperm are swimming in my wife's womb...no secrets." Caren laughingly replied, "And I need to know what wombs my husband's sperm are swimming in too!" I finished the conversation with, "I am happy that I am the only man in your heart even if I'm not the only one in your pussy. I love you!" We kissed and held and loved each other for a lifetime.  

  