Strider Gets Her Tail
by Boxlicker101©


*

Tara was apprehensive about what the man wanted to do to her. She definitely 
wanted to be a ponygirl but, until now, she hadn't realized exactly what was 
involved. So far, she had accepted everything that was done to her and for her 
as part of the transformation, and the last thing would be the addition of her 
tail. That was the problem. Because of some very unpleasant, still recent 
experiences, she was having serious misgivings about accepting it from him. 

She never expected to be making that decision when, a few days earlier, three of 
her dormitory mates talked her into coming out to what they called "The Pony 
Farm" for a Saturday afternoon of fun. Tara had spent a good part of her teenage 
summers on her uncle's ranch, and had always gotten a great deal of pleasure 
from being around ponies and horses. She joined their excursion gladly, only to 
be surprised when she saw what the place was like, and what was going on there. 

First, there was a high Cyclone Fence with barbed wire at the top, and a locked 
that was guarded by men with shotguns. There was also a discreet sign that 
declared an extremely high admission fee for those who wanted to enter The Pony 
Farm. Buffy, who was the oldest of the group and the woman who drove them there 
from the campus, spoke with one of the guards, and showed her identification and 
vouched for the new member. Jenny and Kelli showed the same kind of 
identification, and all were allowed to enter, including Tara, without paying 
anything at all. There had never been a ranch or farm in her experience that 
required that much security or that charged people to enter the property. Added 
to that, she didn't smell any of the familiar odors of horses, and she didn't 
hear any equine sounds, although she did hear several high-pitched noises that 
sounded like imitation neighs and whinnies. 

She didn't see anybody around who appeared to be horsemen either, although there was a small group of men, all at least in their forties, standing around just 
inside the gate. They were all wearing clean, well-pressed clothing that might 
have been chic at a dude ranch, but not one of them looked or acted as if he had 
ever ridden a horse. The speculative way they stared at Tara made her slightly 
uncomfortable although, as a beautiful 18 year old woman, she was used to 
attracting appreciative looks from men, and she usually relished the attention. 
Her friends, all older than she, were also all unusually good looking and they 
seemed to relish the ogling they were receiving. Jenny even smiled and waved to 
one of the dudish looking men, and he smiled and waved back to her. They acted 
as if they knew each other well, although neither she nor any of the other women 
had said anything about expecting to meet somebody at The Pony Farm. 

The four young women all entered a large building that resembled a barn, and 
Tara got the greatest shock she had received that day. There were no horses or 
ponies or any other kind of livestock. What she saw were about twenty young, 
attractive women, some of them fully clothed and some of them completely naked. 
When she and her companions stopped in front of a desk, Buffy, Jenny and Kelli 
wrote something down in a kind of ledger, and each of them was handed a key and 
a name tag. When Tara looked at the ledger, she saw the words "Strutter", 
"Blondie" and "Lightning". Apparently, her companions had, for some reason, 
registered themselves under fictitious names. Seeing her puzzlement, Buffy 
suggested she use the name "Strider". 

"It's a good name," she added. "And nobody's using it. "

Wanting to go along, but still bubbling over with questions, Tara signed in with 
the suggested name. The man behind the desk printed it in block letters on a 
small white card and slid it into a leather holder, clipped the name tag onto a 
chain that also held a key, and handed everything to her. With her strange 
registration apparently complete, she hurried to catch up with the others and 
started asking those questions. 

"What is this place anyhow, and why were those girls walking around naked? Why 
do they call it The Pony Farm? I haven't seen any sign of any ponies. What are 
these keys for?" 

Buffy acted as the spokeswoman, while the others nodded agreement. "Like we 
said, this is The Pony Farm, and we are the ponies. Ponygirls, that is. The 
three of us and all the other girls you see. You too, if you want to be. " 

"You mean you and all the other girls will be running around naked?" 

"Not really naked," Buffy answered. "See over there, some of the girls are 
already getting rigged out to be ponygirls. " 

Tara looked where Buffy was pointing, and saw what the older woman meant. Some of the naked women's bodies were being buckled and tied into strange looking garments that appeared to be collections of straps. As she watched, one of them had a device placed over her head, and Tara realized it had to be a bridle, and it even appeared to have reins attached. After seeing that, she realized that 
the collections of straps were harnesses. The women were being fitted with tack 
as if they were horses - or ponies - and Tara came to realize what Buffy meant 
when she referred to herself and the other women as "ponygirls". 

"C'mon," Jenny urged her and the others. "We have to get ready for our harnesses 
and stuff. "The three of them walked over to a row of lockers and found the 
four, all adjacent, that matched the numbers on the keys they had been handed. 

Tara still had questions. "But what do ponygirls do? And who were those guys 
outside this building?" 

The others were all starting to remove their clothing and deposit it and other 
belongings inside the lockers. Kelli paused to answer Tara's latest questions. 
"We do what our masters tell us, at least as long as we're ponygirls. Those guys 
outside will be the masters, but don't let that worry you. Nobody is going to 
make you do anything you don't want to do. It's really a lot of fun and, if your 
master likes you, he'll give you a big tip. " 

Jenny was almost through undressing, and she added her input. "It is. It's 
really a lot of fun for everybody. You've been telling us about being a drum 
majorette and a cheerleader in high school, and it's a lot like that. People 
watching and admiring you as you parade in front of them. "She peeled her 
panties down her legs, stepped out of them, and placed them in the locker. That 
was her last garment, and she stood naked in front of the others. 

People would certainly be watching and admiring Jenny. Apparently, she was the 
ponygirl known as Blondie, because she had long, blonde hair, with blue eyes, 
regular facial features and a creamy complexion. Her body was gorgeous too, with 
pretty pink nipples that topped her big breasts that were jiggling as she moved 
up and down on the balls of her feet, loosening up her legs. Jenny's ass and 
hips were just as sexy, curving voluptuously out from her back and sides and 
around to taper into her long, shapely legs. Tara also noticed that her hair was 
its natural color, and Blondie's blonde pubic hair was trimmed into a heart 
shape. 

Buffy and Kelli were equally beautiful and sexy, each in her own way. Both women 
had dark hair, as did Tara, with Buffy's tresses cascading down her back and 
Kelly wearing hers in a pageboy cut. Buffy's long hair wasn't the only 
similarity she had with Jenny, or Blondie. She also had the same voluptuous 
figure and creamy complexion. Her pussy was bare, either from shaving or waxing. 
Kelly was svelter, with somewhat dusky skin and dark brown nipples topping her 
perfectly shaped breasts, and her pubic hair was shaved to a narrow strip, the 
style sometimes called a Mohawk. 

All three women were beauties, but Tara didn't need to take a back seat to any 
of them. Her hair was a great, dark brown cloud and her face was as fair and as 
lovely as any of the others. Although not quite as big as those of Jenny and 
Buffy, Tara's breasts stood up more pertly, and her waist was slightly narrower, 
but flared out to a truly lovely ass and pair of hips. All four young women from 
the university were genuine and completely natural beauties, and they all looked 
even better naked than they did while wearing clothing. 

The nude beauty of the other women was evident, but Tara was still fully 
dressed. As Jenny had pointed out, she used to enjoy strutting her stuff and 
being the center of attention as a cheerleader and drum majorette, but she wore 
costumes or uniforms while doing that. The clothing was usually quite skimpy, 
but her body had always been covered. There were no negative feelings toward the 
others; she was just extremely hesitant about joining them in their nudity. 

They saw her reluctance. "You don't have to if you don't want to," Buffy assured 
her. "But, we won't be going back to the dorm for about four hours. You can hang 
out in here or go and watch from the grandstand. " 

"If you change your mind, you can still join us," Jenny, who was already 
thinking of herself as Blondie, added. 

Tara's three naked friends closed their lockers and hung the keys and name tags 
around their necks. They all walked over, in their bare feet, to stand in line 
at the place where other ponygirls were being fitted with tack. As she watched 
them go, Tara began to feel some regrets about not joining them. She was not at 
all modest and, as Jenny had commented, she had very much enjoyed brandishing 
her baton in parades wearing her short white skirt and tight sweater, with no 
bra. She had also enjoyed prancing about in her skimpy cheerleader outfits. Tara 
smiled to herself as she remembered the deliciously wicked thoughts she used to 
have about leaving the panties off and going out to lead cheers with her skirt 
swirling and her pussy and ass exposed to everybody in the stands. She had never 
quite been brave enough to actually do it, but it had been great fun to think 
about it. 

Tara stood and watched idly while more women were outfitted with the ponygirl 
tack, and saw how they marched through the door. Sometimes they tossed their 
heads in an imitation of a pony, and whinnied. They all walked with an 
exaggerated strut, much as she had used while marching in parades. "I could do 
that. I could do that better than they are," she told herself, but, even though 
it really did look like fun, Tara still lacked the nerve to take off every 
stitch of clothing and get dressed in a harness and bridle. She decided to go 
out to the stands, since there was nothing much else to do. 

Instead of leaving through the door where Tara and her friends had entered, the 
ponygirls who were ready were leaving through a side exit. She followed, and 
walked past a group of men that included some of those that had been in the 
front of the barn. The man who had waved to Jenny was among them. They all 
looked in her direction but, after seeing she was dressed in ordinary jeans and 
a blouse, immediately turned away to look expectantly back at the door she had 
just used. That irked Tara slightly. She was used to having men and boys 
looking, even staring at her, and liked having them do it, but she was not at 
all used to having men glance at her and turn their attention toward other 
women. Tara had a strong urge to go back inside and become a ponygirl for the 
day, but it was not quite strong enough to overcome her reluctance. 

Rather than sit in the stands, Tara stood next to the rail fence next to the 
open field where the masters were putting their ponygirls through their paces in 
the warm September sun. She spotted her friends, and could see why Kelli had 
chosen the name "Strutter". She raised her legs in high steps, bringing her 
thighs up parallel with the ground, before driving her feet back into the grass. 
It was impressive, but Tara knew she could do it every bit as well. Blondie was 
out in the field, and her reins were held by the man who had waved to her 
earlier. Apparently, they had a regular relationship going. Buffy was there too, 
and she was obviously having fun, as were the rest of the ponygirls that Tara 
had never seen before that day. 

People in the stands and along the fence were cheering and applauding for their 
favorites as they strutted by, whinnying and tossing their heads and thrusting 
out their bare breasts. Nobody paid even the slightest bit of attention to her. 
Abruptly, Tara realized that she had made the wrong choice, and that Strider 
should be out there in the field, having fun with the rest of the ponygirls and 
being the center of attention. 

She also realized that it was not too late to change her mind. Ponygirls in tack 
were still exiting the barn and joining up with their masters for the day. 
Strider, as Tara now thought of herself, hurried back to the barn, took the 
keychain from around her neck, and opened her locker. She quickly divested 
herself of every stitch of her clothing and her shoes and ankle socks and, 
feeling liberated, started to walk over to the place where there was still one 
woman being outfitted as a ponygirl. After just two steps, she began the 
exaggerated pace that she would be using in the field. She would show everybody, 
Strider vowed, how a real ponygirl could strut, and she would outshine everybody 
else. 

There had been several outfitters earlier, but there was only one left, and he 
smiled when he saw the last of that day's ponygirls approaching. He was used to 
seeing naked, sexy women, but she was younger and sexier than any of the others 
had been. The man looked at her name tag. "Your name is Strider?" he asked. 

The ponygirl who would be answering to that name whinnied and tossed her head in affirmative response to his question. He smiled at her enthusiasm and at her 
succulent body. "Follow me and we'll fix you right up," he told her. 

After leading his charge to where he would be outfitted, he began selecting the 
tack. Strider still did not speak, but tossed her head, obviously saying "Yes" 
when he showed her a harness of shiny red leather, and he started buckling it in 
place. As he did whenever he could get away with it, the outfitter copped a feel 
of the ponygirl's succulent breasts and caressed her gorgeous ass. He loved his 
job. 

Strider knew she would love her job that day too, and didn't even mind the 
fondling as she was being prepared. In fact, she felt herself becoming aroused 
as the harness was being buckled onto her body. She raised her arms to allow a 
pair of leather straps to be placed over her shoulders. They were connected to 
another that passed above her breasts and under her arms. A narrow strip of 
shiny red leather extended from the horizontal strap to fit between her breasts, 
allowing the outfitter to enjoy a double handful as he straightened it out. 
Similar strips ran down her sides from her armpits. At every junction of the 
leather, a small bell was stapled, and their tinkling added festively to the new 
ponygirl's enjoyment of her transformation. 

The next horizontal strap ran under Strider's luscious breasts, causing them to 
stand out even more than they would have by themselves, and the three narrow 
strips were riveted to it and to the next two straps. The last of these was a 
wide leather belt, and all three vertical parts of the harness were fastened to 
it. The outfitter tightened the three upper leather straps and buckled them at 
Strider's back. With one hand casually resting on her ass, he pointed out two 
elastic loops on either side of the leather belt, which would be the last part 
of the harness to be cinched and buckled. 

"Put your wrists into these," he directed the ponygirl. You can pull loose 
easily if you need to, but you have to have your arms held against your body 
while you're out there on the field. " 

Strider whinnied her assent again, and did as instructed. The man buckled the 
belt snugly behind her back, running one hand up the cleft of her bare ass as he 
did so. She didn't mind; it actually added to the arousal she was already 
feeling at wearing nothing but the shiny red harness. 

The new ponygirl also didn't mind when the outfitter took a matching bridle off 
a hook, and she bent forward to have it slipped over her head. It consisted of a 
leather collar that would be buckled around her neck and a wide leather and 
elastic band that fit tightly around her forehead. Those two sturdy pieces were 
connected at the back by a strap and, at the sides of her face, by another that 
ran over her head and through the band around her forehead. Both ends of that 
strap were riveted to shiny steel rings. Short leather pieces ran up from the 
collar, and were also connected to the rings which, after the collar was cinched 
and buckled, were held snugly against Strider's cheeks. Red leather reins were 
connected by a loop to either of the rings and extended over her shoulders and 
trailed down her back, all the way to the floor. With the bridle secured, the 
outfitter carefully pulled Strider's hair through the openings, giving her a 
flowing, dark brown mane. 

She felt good about herself in her shiny red tack, and confident, until the man 
took out the last piece to be applied. Tara hadn't thought about it, but she 
knew that every horse or pony that was in bridle and harness would also have a 
bit in her mouth, and there was no reason why that would not apply equally to a 
ponygirl. The one intended for Strider was a six-inch long red cylinder of 
rubber or leather with short strips, ending in snaps, on either end. Apparently 
for sanitary reasons, the bit was sealed in a plastic bag, which the man removed 
as he brought it toward her face. Not really liking the idea very much, Strider 
shied away from the last piece of tack, which she considered to somewhat 
humiliating. The outfitter was used to this balkiness in ponygirls who were 
there for the first time, and he held it in front of her and spoke soothingly. 

"C'mon, Girl. You know you can't go out on the field until you have all your 
gear, and you know that includes a bit. It won't hurt at all; just open your 
mouth and let me put it in place. " 

She had to admit to herself that he was right so, after another whinny and 
another toss of her mane, Strider leaned forward, with her mouth wide open. The 
outfitter placed the bit securely between her upper and lower teeth, with the 
ends protruding from either side of her mouth, and attached the leather strips 
to the rings that rested against the sides of Strider's face. It wasn't really 
uncomfortable, and she could breathe with no problem, but it felt strange to 
have the alien thing wedged between her teeth, and she couldn't completely close 
her mouth. Even so, Strider accepted it as something minor that she could put up 
with for the fun that she was already having and the greater fun that still 
awaited her. 

"Good girl," the outfitter told her. "There's just one more thing, and you'll be 
a proper ponygirl. " 

Holding to Strider's reins, he led her to the back wall, where he selected a 
strange object from a rack and took a bottle of clear liquid from a shelf. One 
end of the object was a plume, about the same color as her hair, and the other 
end was in the shape of a thick carrot. He sat down on a wooden chair, and 
directed the ponygirl to lie across his lap. With some trepidation, wondering if 
she was about to get spanked, Strider did as she was told, while looking back to 
see what the outfitter would do with the things he had selected. 

As she watched, he removed the cap from the bottle, poured some of the contents 
onto one hand and rubbed it all over the carrot shape on the end of the 
mysterious object. Holding it in his right hand, he started to try to spread her 
ass cheeks with the fingers of the other hand. "Okay, Strider Girl," he told 
her. "Just relax and I'll put your tail in place and you'll be all ready. " 

Her tail! Of course! All the other ponygirls parading outside had tails so, of 
course, she had to have one too. Tara had seen the tails waving and bobbing, and 
had assumed they were somehow attached to the harnesses, and she hadn't thought about the absence of hers until that moment. Strider wanted to get her tail, so she could go out and be chosen by a master and join the other ponygirls in the field, but Tara was very reluctant. It was quite obvious to her that what the 
outfitter wanted to do was to shove that carrot-shaped thing into her ass, and 
she balked at that, and held her cheeks tightly clamped together. 


The outfitter could feel her reluctance, and it was not something he was unused 
to. "C'mon, Girl," he cajoled her. "It won't hurt, and once you have your 
beautiful tail, you can join the other ponygirls and prance and have fun. You 
can't go out without it, though. " 

The bad memories involved a former boyfriend. Tara surrendered her cherry to him 
while still in high school, and they went steady for two years. The previous 
May, shortly after her eighteenth birthday, he persuaded her to have anal 
intercourse with him, telling her it would be fun, and not hurt at all. That was 
a lie. It had been painful from the first penetration and, when she pleaded with 
him to stop and take his cock out, he ignored her, and continued fucking her ass 
until he ejaculated. She was sore for a week, hardly able to walk or sit, and 
had to miss a parade and leading cheers at an important track meet. That was the 
last time she had anything to do with that no-good bastard, and Tara vowed to 
never again let a man use her like that. 

Strider really wanted to go out and do the prancing and having fun that the 
outfitter had talked about and, if it meant having a tail shoved into her ass, 
then that was what would happen. She could hear the audience, which must have 
gotten bigger since she left, and they were applauding and loudly cheering. They 
weren't cheering for her, although they should have been. Strider was deprived 
of that, because she was still inside, struggling with wanting to be a ponygirl, 
but not wanting to wear a tail, even though all the others were wearing them 
with no problems. 

The outfitter seemed to be giving up on completing the conversion of the young 
woman to a ponygirl. "Well, Girl, if you don't want to, you don't have to. We 
won't force anybody to do anything. I'll have to take all the gear off you 
though. " His hand went to one of the buckles as if to start the divesting. 

Abruptly, Strider realized she very much wanted to be a ponygirl that afternoon, 
and she would even invite the tail to be inserted. With the bit in her mouth, 
she couldn't speak to the man, and badly needed to find another way to tell him 
to go ahead with it. She needed to tell him before he started taking away her 
shiny red leather harness and bridle and even the bit that she was growing quite 
fond of. There was a way to do that without speaking, but she would have to move 
quickly. Strider twisted her wrists and pulled them loose from the elastic 
bindings of the belt around her waist. When they were free, she reached back and 
spread her cheeks, mutely telling the man to insert the tail in her ass. 

He understood her silent plea. "Good girl," he crooned. "Good ponygirl. " 

The outfitter added more of the lubricant to the middle finger of his right hand 
and poked it into the ponygirl's ass to spread it. There was really no need to 
do that. The tip of the butt plug that was fastened to the tail was narrow 
enough to easily fit into her without lubrication but, like most men, he enjoyed 
playing with the pretty pink ass of a sexy young woman. He inserted the tip into 
the small hole that Strider was holding open and began imbedding the tail, 
twisting it back and forth while he pushed. His eyes carefully watched for any 
problem, such as loose skin, because he knew that such an insertion could be 
quite painful if anything went wrong, especially with an inexperienced ponygirl. 


While his right hand was busy working the tail into Strider's ass, his left hand 
reached around and, as if needed for leverage, lightly squeezed one of her 
breasts. It felt wonderful, firm and supple and vibrant and covered with 
exquisitely soft, smooth skin. When he lightly tweaked her nipple between his 
fingers, he was happy to feel it was erect, as was the other one when he moved 
his hand to fondle the second of the twin treasures. He really loved his job. 

Strider didn't mind having her breasts fondled. After all, ponygirls didn't 
object to being touched by their masters and, for the time being at least, her 
master was the man who had dressed her in her beautiful tack and was inserting 
her tail. She was apprehensive about the pain she was still expecting to feel at 
any second, and was wondering why it hadn't started yet. Shortly after the 
penetration began, there had been a trivial amount of discomfort, but that had 
quickly vanished. Strider even had to admit to herself that the very slight pain 
had quickly evolved into pleasure. She was actually enjoying having her ass 
filled, and not just because the tail would complete the transformation of her 
into a ponygirl. That was one reason, but she was actually deriving a lot of 
pleasure from being crammed by the carrot-shaped object, and it felt even better 
as it went in deeper and her ass was spread wider. 

Finally, the entire tapered part of butt plug was in place, and Strider's anal 
sphincter closed around its base. It would stay there until the event ended, and 
would have to be removed by the same outfitter or someone else, who would have 
to work her sphincter around it with his fingers and pull it free. With Strider 
completely a ponygirl, he let go of her breasts and stroked all around her ass 
for a final time, even letting his fingers curl under her crotch to touch her 
pussy. It was dripping wet, which was the usual condition of a ponygirl after 
her tail was inserted. 

He scooped up as much of the juices as he could with his fingers and licked them 
off. It was delicious, as he had expected. That was what he loved the most about 
his job. Although having the sexy young ponygirl across his lap, where he could 
fondle her freely was delightful, he was anxious for her to get up and leave so 
he could go and masturbate. Outfitting desirable young women as pony girls was 
an extremely arousing job, and the last one had been the hottest of all. 

"Okay, Strider Girl, you're all set. Go out and wow them, Ponygirl. Put your 
wrists back in the restraints first, though. " 

Even before climbing off the man's lap, she whinnied her appreciation as best 
she could with the bit in her mouth. Once on her feet, Strider turned toward the 
exit and, after securing her wrists again, started toward it. She whinnied 
again, and tossed her head, feeling her dark brown mane flowing around her face, 
but not blocking her sight. Raising her legs even higher than Strutter had been 
doing, and thumping her bare feet onto the cement floor, Strider started toward 
the exit, with her head high and her breasts thrust out. 

She felt good about herself. She felt good about everything, even the tail that 
was swinging from side to side and starting to send pleasure swirling through 
her body, and juices trickling from her pussy down her legs. She felt good about 
her beautiful and shiny red leather tack that looked so good against her skin 
and mane. Strider was eager to be selected by some lucky master who would put 
her through her paces to repeated standing ovations, and help her outshine all 
the other ponygirls in the field. That day was going to be one of the best of 
her life. 
