Title: Adventures In Accountancy
Author: bobwhite
Summary: An accountant finds that good things happen if you wear the
right pair of glasses to work.
Keywords: FF, mc

Adventures In Accountancy
Author: bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Author's note: I wrote this for a friend, something I rarely do. It
reminds us of that age-old addage: accountancy is as fun as you think
it is... if you have sex in the office with beautiful women. Enjoy!

                          * * * * * * * * * *

'Two weeks. It took me this long to find a misappropriation of
$1032.43 for a client whose monthly income is about $300,000 a
month.' I sighed in victory. Four years of college and two of grad
school had landed me a job as a CPA who could be just handed over for
private use to some mysterious client. I had protested the decision
that put me in his private study for eight hours a day--but
apparently, he pays the firm a lot of money.

"Who knew the owner of 'Controllico' was a control freak," I said
aloud in a voice dripping with sarcasm. I didn't even know what this
company did, but I knew all about its finances. And, after one brief
meeting with Mr. Boss Man, I'd be free to... do what ever in the hell
it is I do at the office.

I went into his office as I had done every day since I'd been
assigned to this place. He didn't look at me, but I was used to that.
"So, did you find out where the money went?" he asked, sitting in his
chair with his back to me.

"Yes. It was fairly well-hidden, but it clearly went to... here:
Employee 23-469, somebody by the name of Alexandria Robertson. She
works in something called "For Hire Productions," and she apparently
funneled the money out about $50 or so at a time, just skimming from
tips. Probably thought nobody'd notice."

Still not turning around, but his chair rocking more, he grunted -
and stopped rocking. I figured it was a sign of approval. "Thank you
very much, Claire. I'll tell your supervisors you're due for a
promotion. As a special gift, I've left you a pair of reading
glasses. I hear people find them sexy if you want them to." He
chuckled at that remark.

I picked up my "reward," a pair of reading glasses with purple wire-
rimmed frames. I had never even told him I need reading glasses.
Packing them into my purse, I left his large house and went back to
the office for the afternoon.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

"Does she know what you gave her, Julian?" a woman named Amber
asked. She had just given her boss, Julian Cochrane, the best blow-
job of his life--right in his office!

Patting the girl's head, Julian replied, "Not yet, but I made sure
she'll figure it out. You can get up now, dear. Oh--and fetch Alex
for me. I think I'll have a long talk with her. Oh--I almost forgot.
Here." When he said that, the naked woman in his office instantly
fell to the floor in an orgasmic fit from which it would take her a
few minutes to recover.

Amber breathily mumbled as she left, "Thanks, Master."

                          * * * * * * * * * *

When I got to the office, I found out that I had a new assistant,
Erika. Not only that, but I had a new office--I was now one step
closer to partner. Of course, not many women ever make it to that
level, much less a closet lesbian like me--but a girl can dream!
After a few weeks of my new job, though, I was finding myself paging
my assistant more an more--for fewer and fewer good reasons.

As I buzzed the intercom that would summon her this time, my mind
began to wander. I'd really like to tear into that nubile little
thing. To my eyes, her straight black hair came to a point in the
middle of her back that led, like an arrow, to her perfect, heart-
shaped ass. And, as I knew from staring at it any chance I got, she
was wearing a thong today. Oh, how I'd like to slide that over and...

"Uh, Claire?" Her voice roused me from my little day dream. Erika
was walking towards me, her C-cup breasts jiggling slightly
underneath her silk shirt. Every time I saw her, I had to remind
myself that she was just one more straight woman I'd never be able to
have. "You buzzed?"

"I'm staying late tonight, so can you come back to the office around
7?" 'And wear something revealing,' I added in my thoughts. I was
feeling bold today, for some reason. I noticed after I was done
checking her out that I had put on my new glasses for no apparent
reason.

"Uh, yeah, sure. It's 5 now, and I have to leave real quick. I'll be
back in a couple of hours," she politely chimed.

When 7:00 PM rolled around, I was ready for a short break from my
after-hours number hashing. Before I could get up, though, my
assistant came back in the door--dressed as if she was ready to
enjoy a night clubbing.

"Oh!  Hi, Claire!  How do I look?"  She set her purse down on the
floor near the door and did a little turn for me--I was hoping she'd
do it but afraid to ask.

She looked damn good. I ran my eyes over her form... she was now
wearing a tight, black mini-skirt and a sheer top. 'Does she know the
effect she's having on me? Damn, it's like she's teasing me...
oooooooh...' She had just bent over to look for something in a low
file cabinet, and it exposed just enough of her pink thong to catch
my eye. 'I wish she'd shake that ass a little...'

And she did. It was so subtle, though, and could have been a
coincidence. My imagination started to run a bit since she couldn't
see me gawking at her. I built a little scene in my mind, one in
which she grabbed the sides of the file cabinet after flipping her
skirt up over her hip. I would then go over to her and swat her hard
on the ass--but I would leave my hand there, slowly dragging it to
one side and pulling the thong to the side in the process.

Still living within my fantasy, I turned my back to her and sat on
the floor, looking up at her shaven pussy. Gently tugging her down by
pulling on the ring in her clit hood, I had her bend her knees
slightly to place that pussy right on my mouth. My tongue slipped out
and began to flick her clit a little, but I quickly sucked it in and
inserted a finger into her at the same time. That elicited a shudder
and a little yelp...

"Ungh!" Erika grunted, snapping me out of my daydream. Regaining
focus, I took a look and was so shocked I couldn't speak--she was
bent over and fingering herself! And, she didn't seem to care if
anyone was watching. At least, she did not seem concerned enough to
stop.

"Uh, Erika?" I nervously said. She turned around instantly, licking
her lips and locking eyes with me. She took off her top and started
playing with her tits next--something that was probably as shocking
to her as it was to me! Without knowing it, I started to lower one of
my hands to my lap.

"Mmmmmmm... I don't know what's... h-happening... to... me... " was
all she could get out. She seemed to realize what she was doing,
though, and started to back away from me, covering her breasts. My
finger had slipped into my slacks, though, and had found my love
button. As soon I started to rub it, one of the hands she was
covering herself with went right to her groin, and her eyes opened
wide, looking straight at me.

"I need you right now... I mean... ooooooooh... I have to leave..."
She was openly masturbating in front of me. I took my hands away from
my crotch and took off my sweater. It was quickly followed by the
shirt I had on underneath and my bra. As I took off my pants, though,
I noticed she was near the door and desperately fumbling with the
doorknob.

"I don't think you'll be leaving, Erika," I knowingly stated. She
turned around and slid down the door to the floor, two fingers now
working her pussy and the other hand covering her face.

"No... I need... you... I mean, I have to... leave... ooooohh!" her
demeanor changed when I stroked my own clit again. My mind
subconsciously made the connections between what I wanted and what
was happening--and almost instantly, I knew that I could have what I
wanted right here and now. And I wanted Erika. I began to knead my
tits--an action mirrored by her free hand.

"No, I think you need something else right now, don't you? Where are
you going to go dressed in your birthday suit, dear?" I continued to
stroke my clit, and each movement of my finger seemed to melt her
will a little more.

"But... I have to... mmmmmmm, I have to fuck you... no... no...
please..."

She started crawling over to me, her body forcing her into what her
face told me was something she really didn't want to do... although
the desire to go along with her body was winning the day. When she
got to me, her hands slid up my body, and she looked up--from that
angle, she could see everything I had to offer. She wanted it--I
could tell by the look on her face.

"Please... let me... lick... no... wait..."

"Well, I don't think we'll have any of that 'wait' nonsense. Do what
you know you have to do. And do it now."

"No... I don't... do... girlssss... mmmmmmmmmmm..." was all she got
out before I brought my hand back down and started ribbing my clit
again. I knew the effect it would have on her--and I was not
disappointed. Gasping with a sudden need, and forgetting everything
else but that need (and me), she drug me down to the floor. Once
there, I spread my legs and let Erika get her first taste of my pussy.

Whatever she lacked in pussy-licking experience she more than made
up for in enthusiasm! When she took my clit into her mouth and hit my
g-spot with her middle and index fingers, it was only a few seconds
before I came on her face. And that only made her want more.
Apparently, whatever was connecting her arousal to mine would not let
her go until I let it happen.

This pleased me to no end.

"Please make me cum... please! I need to... aahhhhhh... cuuuuuum"
she moaned, desperately working her cunt with one hand and using the
other to continue to play with me.

"Only if you can get me off one more time.  Then you have to go--we
don't want that husband of yours to get suspicious about your new
attitude towards working late, do we?"  I was having a tough time
talking, and before I could tell her to do so, she turned her body
around so she was right beside me, lifted one leg, and placed it on
the other side of my head.  As she lowered herself to my face, I
noticed a small hoop on the hood of her clit. 'How did I know that
was there?' I asked myself.

I decided I'd figure that out later, though. There was some "work"
to be done. Unlike Erika, I'm no amateur when it comes to
cunnilingus. After a few minutes I was working her clit so well that
she lost all ability to do anything with her mouth but moan
constantly. She used two fingers--one on either side of my clit--to
stimulate me, desperately trying to get me off, knowing as I did that
she would never get any release if I didn't climax one more time.

She needn't have worried. Her actions, while rough and frenzied,
were enough to elicit one more powerful orgasm out of me, more
powerful than the first. She came at the same time I did, her whole
body clenching up (even her vagina clenched around my fingers) and
then shaking uncontrollably as she raised her head like a wolf and
screamed in sweet release. I continued to climax until I saw stars...
and then, nothing.

When I got up (and hour later, according to the clock), I was naked
and on the floor. The discarded clothes were gone, and I would have
thought it was a dream--if I hadn't seen the purse sitting by the
door. I quickly got dressed and prepared to go home. I gingerly took
off the glasses and put them away for safe keeping--I don't know
how, but I knew they had something to do with what I had just done
with my assistant.

There was no way I was going to lose them. After all, there are at
least a dozen women here I'd like to interview for a... position...
in my office.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2004, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.