Her first flash
by lilylush

She has her first erotic experience wearing a mini skirt in a bus

As far as Olivia could tell, she has always been an exhibitionist. Her fantasies would always bend on the side of showing off her body, allowing strangers to see and use her.

When she turned eighteen, Olivia started to feel the need to act on her desires. Although still a virgin (she had dated a couple of guys in the past, but never had sex with them), she read up a lot about sex and exhibitionism on the internet. She also kept a collection of her favorite exhibitionism and gangbang stories, which she resorted to when masturbating.

For a few days, the girl thought about how she would perform her first flashing act. It would have to be a relatively safe situation. Maybe a public area during the day, where creepy men wouldn't be able to abuse her if they tried. She planned it carefully, reaching the conclusion that a bus could be an interesting start.

The busses in her area have an interesting layout of seats in the front section, across the aisle from the driver. There are two elevated seats facing the front of the bus. In front of them, there are two other seats on lower ground, facing the back of the bus and, consequently, also facing the two elevated seats. Although they're separated by about five feet, a person who sits on one of the lower ones ends up naturally looking at the chest and legs of the person sitting front of them.

With that in mind, Olivia decided for the bus. She would take it during the day, but not too early when it's crowded, and not too late when it's empty. Next Saturday afternoon, she thought, would be perfect.

Planning her flashing episode felt dirty and exciting. It was like keeping a little secret. Olivia was a skinny girl with a short, black hair. Her boobs were size B and, although not big, they were firm and perky. Her hips were just wide enough to give her the perfect hourglass figure. She also wore a pair glasses that gave her a hot look.

Her choice of attire was a white tank top and a tight, short black skirt that reached half way down her thighs. Of course, she wouldn't wear panties. At home, she tried sitting down and getting up many times to see how far up her skirt would rise. Then, sitting in front of her mirror, she tried a few poses that would reveal her pussy. She was already getting wet at the idea of having an stranger enjoying the view she would provide them.

With a deep breath, she double checked herself in the mirror and left. It was a sunny day and the bus stop was empty except for her. When the bus finally arrived, she got in.

The first look she received was the driver's. It wasn't just a common, casual look. He stared at her body for several moments, up at her beautiful hair, down to her hot legs. There was about ten people in the bus and nobody on the elevated seats. She went directly to them, sitting by the window.

Olivia was becoming nervous. The lower seats in front of her were empty, and she started to wonder who would sit there. She pulled her legs together and waited patiently, with the feeling of excitement building up inside her.

Three stops later, a couple entered the bus. Seeing both lower seats in front of Olivia empty, they sat there. For her luck, the guy sat by the window, directly in front of her. At first she wasn't sure she should flash him. The woman with him was clearly his girlfriend or wife, so she could get in trouble. But as soon as they sat down, the woman buried her face in her cellphone, completely ignoring Olivia's presence.

The man had noticed Olivia. From time to time, he would glance at her legs and then back out of the window. Olivia was feeling a rush through her. Her breathing intensified and she felt her face warm. She had to do it.

Building up the courage she needed, Olivia moved her right leg slightly away from the left one. She kept looking outside as if she wasn't aware of what she was doing. Just a brief moment later, the guy looked directly between her legs, and then quickly looked away. From what she had trained in front of the mirror, with her legs slightly open like this, the guy had seen her hairless pussy. Although barely, she was sure he had.

Not a second passed and the guy looked again. This time, he stared longer. He clearly didn't want to get caught either by Olivia or his girlfriend, so he did it discreetly. He would look outside the window for a few seconds and then go back to staring at the girl's pussy.

Olivia was breathing heavily. The feeling of having a total stranger staring at her pussy was incredible, much more than she expected. She wanted more, though. Slightly moving on her seat, she spread both of her legs apart a few more inches, being very careful not to attract the woman's attention. With this much opening, the guy could perfectly see her carefully shaved innie pussy. She wondered if he would believe she was a virgin, doing such daring and dirty things.

The man looked at his girlfriend and then back at Olivia's pussy. This time he stared for a lot longer. In fact, he couldn't take his eyes of it. Olivia noticed he was wetting his lips, perhaps subconsciously.

The woman beside him finally got up, making Olivia quickly cross her legs. The man got up and the couple left the bus on the next stop. Looking outside the window, Olivia saw the guy on the sidewalk. They exchanged a look and he smiled.

The experience was amazing for Olivia and she really wanted to touch herself. She actually considered the possibility, but decided that would be too risky inside a bus. For her next victim, she wanted to be a little more daring. She raised slightly from her seat and pulled her skirt up, revealing her thighs almost all the way up her ass. There was barely any cover in the front for her pussy. Not long after, a tall guy holding a backpack entered the bus and sat right in front of her, on the lower seat.

This was a much better situation. He was alone, so she wouldn't have to worry about getting caught this time. Not only that, the front section of the bus was empty except for them. She started to feel her heart racing again. She could barely wait to show him her pussy. Not ten seconds had passed after the guy took his seat when Olivia opened her legs. This time, she spread them wider apart, still casually looking outside the window.

Her movement attracted the guy's attention. At first he seemed not sure he should be looking, but he soon ceded to his desire and just stared. He stared for almost a minute, often looking away afraid of being caught. If he knew Olivia was showing her pussy on purpose, he wouldn't worry so much about getting caught.

Olivia almost couldn't hold herself. Her pussy was so wet it was dripping at this point. She just wanted to have some privacy so she could masturbate. The man soon had to leave. He got up from his seat holding his backpack in front of him, and Olivia wondered if he was trying to hide his erection. Thinking about that man's hard cock, pulsating inside his pants just because he saw her pussy was making her want to jump on him right there. Olivia held her impulses though and stayed at her seat.

Horny but satisfied with her accomplishments, Olivia casually looked in the direction of the driver. To her shock, he was looking back at her from his rear mirror and smiling. Damn! She thought. He must have been looking at me!

Suddenly feeling embarrassed, Olivia made the motion to get up. But on a second thought, she sat back down. With her lust taking a hold of her, she looked directly at the driver through the rear mirror and spread her legs wide apart. Her skirt rose up to her ass and her virgin pussy became completely exposed. Her labia was slightly spread apart, revealing her clit and her entrance.

The driver couldn't believe what was happening. Olivia wondered if he could still drive while looking at her pussy. He pulled the bus to the side of the road, stopped the vehicle, turned around on his seat and looked back at the girl. He needed to see it with his own eyes.

Olivia let him lust on her exposed pussy for a few moments. When she heard the front door of the bus opening, she quickly closed her legs together and pulled her skirt down. The people boarded the bus and the driver went back to his business. From time to time, he would look back at her though the rear mirror, but Olivia was done now as there were too many people near her.

When her stop came, she got up and left, waving shyly to the driver and feeling her legs weak out of the thrill of being exposed. Her heart was still racing, she was sweating and breathing heavily. For the rest of the day, she could only think about her experience and what she would try to do next.
