Title: HOBO  - Chapter 8 & 9
Author: Rhiannon57
Rating: 97.3%
Themes: Fiction

Summary:
HOBO  - Chapter 8 & 9

Rhiannon57

Author's infos

Gender: N/A

Location: New Orleans, La.

Posted Tue 9th of June 2020

Font size :

Introduction:

Thanks, so much for all of the positive comments.

CHAPTER EIGHT

By middle of the year, the office was running well, Belinda and I would meet maybe once a month or so, fucking our brains out. While the sex was good, it felt really shallow and non-committal. As much as I cared for Belinda, all this had become is raw sex.

Sometime close to the end o

============================================================

HOBO  - Chapter 8 & 9

Rhiannon57

Author's infos

Gender: N/A

Location: New Orleans, La.

Posted Tue 9th of June 2020

Font size :

Introduction:

Thanks, so much for all of the positive comments.

CHAPTER EIGHT

By middle of the year, the office was running well, Belinda and I would meet maybe once a month or so, fucking our brains out. While the sex was good, it felt really shallow and non-committal. As much as I cared for Belinda, all this had become is raw sex.

Sometime close to the end of the month, I was sitting behind my desk late in the evening when Belinda came in, closing the door behind her.

“The floor is vacant and I’m going to suck your dick till you cum.”, she stated, dropping to her knees.

I got up from my chair and dropped my pants as she took my hardening cock into her mouth. She immediately used her lips and tongue bringing me to full attention. She was softly cupping my balls as her mouth went up and down on my erect shaft. She knew me well enough to know I was close. She pulled her mouth off me and looked up into my eyes.

“I want you to jerk off and cum in my mouth.”, she whispered.

I grabbed my cock in my right hand and began to stroke myself up and down in a steady pace. Belinda was on her knees her face several inches from my hard dick. She looked up and me and smiled, sticking her tongue out as far as she could. She looked back down at my cock placing out-stretched tongue just under the head. The first eruption shot deep into the back of her mouth catching her by surprise. She swallowed quickly then extended her tongue again catching the next several deposits on her tongue. She swallowed quickly again then took my cock into her mouth and sucked on it until I was completely drained. She stood up, kissing me softly on the lips and left the office.

The first week of June was always the time of the year when the firm announced if any litigator was going to be promoted to an associate or if there were going to be promotions or possibly a retirement. We met on the top floor when Richard Butler gave his mid-year speech on how the company was doing. He projected that we were well ahead of the previous year and possibly headed toward a record-breaking year.

There were no new promotions, retirements or named associates so the meeting ended quickly. I stayed behind on the upper floor tom talk to Richard about something I had been thinking of. Once he broke free from Carlos Reyes, I approached him.

“Do you have a minute, sir ?”, I asked.

“Sure Tim, follow me.”, he stated, heading into his office.

We sat down and I explained to him my thinking of buying a home of my own. I asked him, if perhaps he knew anyone in the real estate business that could guide me along. He actually laughed and told me his sister was the leading agent at EMR Realty, one of the largest firms in Dallas. He told me he would have her call me as soon as possible. As promised, Cindy Butler called me the next day around ten o’clock in the morning. She introduced herself and told me that her brother told her to give me the VIP treatment.

She asked me what exactly a condo or a home. I told her I was leaning more toward a home possibly twenty-five hundred square feet or larger on a decent size lot. She told me to give her a day or two to look at some options and she would get back to me. I did not hear from her for about ten days or so. But she finally called back and told me that she had found a property she felt might be perfect for me. The property was vacant and she though it was overpriced but it was completely remodeled from the studs out. Everything was new and had a whole house warranty.

I agreed to meet her that afternoon in North Dallas, not far from where Robin Woods parents lived. I pulled into a sub-division to see large houses, well kept with manicured lawns. If I had to guess, I would say this was upper middle class status. As I pulled into the driveway, an older, women got out of a black Mercedes Benz couple.

I got out of my car and she introduced herself as Cindy Butler, Richard’s sister. We walked toward the home and the front door. Cindy Butler opened the door and I followed her in. She told me that the owner of the home bought it about two years ago and had it completely remodeled. As the remodeling project was coming to an end, his employer offered him a lucrative job in Colorado paying substantially more. As Cindy admitted, the owner had gotten carried away on the remodel and spent more than he should have. The floors were porcelain tile with a gray wood plank look. The entire house was painted a pure shade of white with six- inch baseboards throughout. The master bedroom and living area both had crown molding added. The kitchen was a decent size with all wood white cabinets with gray quartz counter-tops. All appliances were professional grade with a Bosch gas stove, dishwater, refrigerator and over the stove microwave. There was also a small wine cooler built into the cabinets. The house had two extra bedrooms that were a decent size. The kitchen flowed into a living area that was quite large. The owner had a seventy five inch flat screen television mounted on the wall with surround sound installed. That would stay with the house as well. There was a small room off the kitchen for a washer dryer with several rods installed to hang clothes. It also had a large sink installed to soak clothes as well.

The master bathroom was amazing and very large. It had two sinks installed on the vanity. It also had a large soaking tub with jets as well as a huge stand-alone glass shower with dual shower heads. The guest bath had an all in one tub shower alcove and a single vanity in the hallway.

She then led me through the living area to the rear doors that opened into the back yard. The back yard has a decent size inground pool with an attached jacuzzi at one end. The patio was a good size and would be great for entertaining or cooking outdoors. There was also a huge shed in the left hand corner for lawn equipment and the like. The owner had done a great job on the renovation, everything was new. This was a move in ready home.

We went back to the kitchen where she laid out the paperwork for the home. She explained that the median price of homes in this subdivision was between two hundred sixty nine thousand to roughly two hundred eighty thousand dollars. The owner and his wife planned on staying in this house for a good while, but the great job opportunity came along that he could not pass up.

The owner was asking three hundred fifty-nine thousand for the home, well over the median value. It had no offers in six months and he was now paying two mortgage payment. As Cindy Butler noted, the commercial appliances by Bosch were roughly around seventy-five hundred alone. Add the landscaped back yard with the pool and spa for probably another twenty grand.

So, at the high end, the asking price should have been around three hundred twenty-five thousand or so. I explained to Cindy Butler that I basically knew nothing about real estate procedure and I would trust her with the process.

Since, the house had no offers or real interest, Cindy Butler suggested that we make a offer of three hundred and five thousand to start. They could counter offer with another price and we could negotiate from there. She asked me about finances and again, I put myself in her hands.

She told me that she felt sure if I put down one hundred thousand dollars as a down payment the loan would go through immediately since that would be a thirty three percent down payment. My note would be somewhere around thirteen hundred dollars a month including taxes and insurance.

I signed an offer sheet and Cindy Butler told me she would get back to me as soon as she could. The following Thursday, Cindy Butler called me at work and informed me that the owner had came back with an offer of three hundred fifty two thousand dollars. Cindy suggested a counter offer of three hundred fifteen thousand. I agreed and she drew up the offer.

It took almost ten days for the owner to counter offer with three hundred forty five thousand. I talked to Cindy and asked how she felt about the price. She suggested we go all in three hundred thirty-two thousand dollars as a final offer. It was risky, but technically when he declined the offer, we could start all over. He was bleeding seventeen hundred dollars a month note on the property now.

Cindy presented the offer and we had no response during the next two weeks. Cindy Butler suggested that we start looking at other homes. Generally, a delay this long meant the owner was not interested. The following Saturday, she picked me up at ten o’clock in the morning to go view three different homes.

We had just pulled into the driveway of the first home when Cindy’s cell phone rang. The pressed the button on the screen of the car, answering the call. It was the real estate agent handling the house we had made the offer on. She indicated that the owner was thinking about making another counter offer wanting to know if we would consider it. We had noted we were all in at the offer we had presented so the owner wanted to know if we would reconsider.

Cindy Butler replied that I was actually in the vehicle with her looking at other homes. She put her fingers over her lips to tell me to be careful and play along. I said hello to the woman on the phone and confirmed I was with Cindy Butler. Cindy had whispered to me that we now wanted to pursue other options and that I was anxious to get into a home. I repeated exactly that to the woman which caused a moment of silence on her end. Finally, the woman spoke.

“Cindy, the owner agreed to a price of three hundred thirty eight thousand if we sign immediately.”, the agent said.

“Molly, we both know the owner overspent on the property big time. Tim works with my brother at Butler, Land and Reyes, he’s twenty-five years old. I’m not going to hang an albatross around his neck. It will be years before the neighborhood hits the mean value. For the mid-three hundred’s, he can get a bigger home for his money. I appreciate it, but we pass on that offer.”, Cindy replied.

Molly said she understood and would call the owner back immediately with the bad news. We got out and looked at the first home, but it needed a lot of work. It was huge in square footage but had not been taken care of. We got back in the car and were pulling on the interstate when Cindy’s phone rang again, it was Molly.

“Cindy, I just got off the phone with the owner, if your client is willing, we will accept the offer of three thirty two. However, in exchange we ask that closing is before the first so my client can avoid another mortgage payment.”, Molly asked.

Cindy looked at me smiling and told Molly that I was inside looking at a property, but she would call her back shortly. Cindy reached over and closed the call quickly.

“What do you want to do, Tim.’, Cindy asked.

“What do you think ?”, I quickly, inquired.

“Personally, you’re a little heavy at three thirty two but everything is new. New appliances, new bath fixtures, the pool is less than four years old and the new television and sound system. I think for you, this might be the perfect house for now. Just move in and enjoy.”, she offered.

“That’s what I was thinking too…… let’s do it.”, I replied.

“Ok, this is going to move quickly. I have your loan all set up with the bank that you use. We need to get a quick inspection, I know a guy that’s really good. My suggestion to you is get out and buy some furniture. Set the delivery date for the first day after we sign the papers.”, she advised.

That weekend, I left the apartment at around nine o’clock and went to a furniture store that was highly recommended by several people. I was waited on by a very attractive young women named Ashley. I explained to her my situation and her faced beamed. Since the salesmen all worked on commission and she was brand new to the store, this would help her out tremendously.

I explained that I need a sofa set for the living area and bedroom set for the master bedroom and at least three barstools for the kitchen bar. The rest I could get as I went along. We looked at the living room furniture first and I was sold immediately on a very large gray section sofa in four pieces with two large ottomans. I added two modern end tables to the package and we moved on.

Next, she showed me the bedroom sets which present a challenge. Most bedroom sets at least to me appeared feminine. I finally found a gray oak platform bedroom set. It had a platform bed, two nightstands, a large upright chest and a regular chest of drawer with a matching mirror. Thankfully, it was available in king size, so I agreed to it.

I bought three all white high-backed stool for the kitchen counter which would serve as my table for now. I then ***********ed a really, nice mattress and box spring for the bedroom set. I wrote a check and paid cash for everything which came to a little over eighty-five hundred dollars.

On Monday, I went up to Richard Butler’s office and thank him for getting Cindy to work with me on the house purchase. He was glad everything had gone well and made me promised to show him the house when I was done. I went back to my office and got back to work. Since the new changes had been put into place my floor was extremely busy.

We have picked up seven more clients in the financial section which put me at eleven, total. In addition, we reviewed the financials on every divorce case the firm handled. Stacy was doing a great job on handling the finances and every week I had an updated spreadsheet on my desktop via email.

In the first seven months with the new system in place we were spending less money. Credit card expenses alone were down twenty-eight percent. Office supplies had dropped by twenty one percent and not a single phone had been replaced in the new year.

Secondly, billing was up about twelve percent, but I was hoping for more. But all total, we were saving a little over thirty percent at this time. I met with Richard Butler and he was extremely please with the number but mentioned he would meet with the attorneys and see if perhaps we could increase the billing to about twenty percent.

I signed the papers and moved into my house on a Thursday evening. I took off Friday so the furniture could be delivered. Everything was fine and the delivery guys set everything up for me. Now I needed to go shopping again. I needed towels for the bathroom and kitchen, linens for the bed, pillows and a comforter of some kind. I also needed dishes, pot and pans and groceries. Friday night, I sat on the sofa and watched the large screen television which was awesome. I had put all of my clothes away in the master and decided to go shopping the following morning. I was just about to go to bed when my cell phone rang, it was Robin Woods.

“Hey Tim. Are you in the house yet ?”, she asked.

“Yes, I am. Had some furniture delivered today but I have to go out tomorrow for a load of things. I have no idea where to even go but I figure it out.”, I replied.

“I can help you with the shopping if you would like. I have nothing to do tomorrow.”, Robin said, softly.

“That would be great.”, I replied, knowing I needed the help.

Robin asked for my new address which I gave her and promised to meet me at my house around eight thirty in the morning. I promised to take her to breakfast and then we could start shopping. I had to sleep on a bare mattress that night, but I had taken one pillow from the apartment. The air conditioner was oversized for the home and kept the inside very cool. I was looking forward to having something to cover up with the next night.

My alarm on my phone went off at seven o’clock and I got right up. I took a shower and dressed then sat down to wait for Robin. About eighty-twenty that morning the doorbell rang. I walked to the front and opened the door letting Robin in.

Robin was wearing a pair of skin tight jeans with a black sleeveless pullover top. She had on a pair of black and gray snakeskin boots on. She looked amazing, I had never saw her outside of a work setting.

“Wow Tim, this is nice. Everything looks brand new.”, she remarked, as she walked in.

“It is…. The owner remodeled the whole house before I moved in.”, I replied.

I took her around so she could see all the rooms then out to the back so she could see the pool. She loved the pool area and warned me that I had to let her swim at least once in repayment for her helping me today. I agreed at once, having Robin around was never really a problem.

We went to a local restaurant and had breakfast then drove to the linen store as Robin suggested.  Since different shades of gray were the central colors for the floor, furniture and cabinets, Robin suggested we use maroon towels, washroom and dish towels. She then suggested my bedding be pure ultra white with accent pillows in gray and maroon. We went with darker gray curtains on the three bedroom windows and the French doors leading to the back yard.

After finishing there, we drove to a store that specialized in kitchenware. About an hour and a half later I had bought a large set of dishes, glassware and stemware, a set of silverware, kitchen knives and other utensils and a set of pots and pans.

We drove back to the house and dropped everything off then left immediately for the grocery store. We returned about two hours later after six o’clock in the evening. I put away the groceries while Robin put the new linens on the bed. She then laid out the towels in both bathrooms and the kitchen. I was still washing the new dishes and glassware when Robin came back into the kitchen.

“Ok, you’re all set in the back.”, she stated.

I loaded another load of silverware, dishes and glassware in the dishwasher and turned it on. I had bought several gallons of sweet tea so I poured a glass for Robin and I. We sat on the stools at the kitchen bar, I was pretty tired.

“Robin, I can’t thank you enough for helping me today. There’s no way I would have gotten all this done.”, I said, squeezing her hand softly.

“I enjoyed it, Tim. But you still owe me an evening of swimming.”, she giggled.

“Anytime Robin.”, I replied.

“How about right now ?’, she asked.

“Uh….. I guess that would be ok. Do you have a bathing suit with you ?”, I asked, somewhat embarrassment.

“Nope, but that’s not a problem. There’s nothing I have you haven’t seen.”, Robin giggled.

“That’s true.”, I replied.

She raised her left leg and unzipped one boot then pulled it off, she did the right one was well. She then stood up and peeled her jeans off setting them across the bar stool exposing a pair of black lace panties. She lifting her black tank top up to the shoulders quickly reaching behind and unfastening her black lace bra. She pulled her tank top down and laid the bra across the stool.

“Ok, I’m ready.”, she laughed.

I was at a loss for words as this goddess stood before me in just her underwear. I pulled my shirt over my head and dropped my jeans to the floor. I went and grabbed a few spare towels from the linen locker and went out the back door. Robin was already in the pool treading water in the deep end. I step down into the pool and swam towards her resting on the side of the pool. Several feet away, I discovered there was a seat carved into the pool. I moved down and sat on the seat with my back to the pool wall. Robin swam toward me and positioned herself between my legs.

“This is nice, I love a pool. My dad almost put one in years ago, but he changed his mind.”, she sighed.

“Well, you can swim here anytime you like.”, I offered.

She reached up and wrapped her hands around my neck and pulled herself up, then sat down on my thighs. Our faces were inches apart as she stared into my eyes.

“Tim.”, she said softly.

“Yes Robin.’, I replied.

“Please fuck me.”, she asked.

“You said you just wanted to swim…… now you’re getting pushy.”, I laughed.

“Damn right , I am. Come on.”, she urged.

We got out of the pool, dried off and practically ran to the master bedroom. We peeled off the wet clothes and jumped into bed together. I pulled her into my arms and put my lips on hers and we kissed for a very long time. I pulled away and slowly kissed down her firm body until my mouth was several inches from a wet, glistening pussy. I extended my tongue and slowly licked her pussy from the bottom up to her clit which I kissed softly. After several minutes of gently licking and kissing Robin’s pussy she grabbed my upper arms and pulled me on top of her. She reached down and grabbed my hard cock and placed the head into her wet opening. She removed her hand and I slowly pushed into her staring deep into her eyes.

I leaned over and softly kissed her as I slowly moved in and out of her. She pushed her soft tongue into my mouth and probed my mouth gently. I rolled over and pulled Robin over me never breaking our kiss. She pulled away from me and sat up bracing herself placing her hands on the pillow I was resting my head on.

She was soaking wet and she was gliding on my hard cock without any effort what so ever. I reached up with both hands and softly caressed her breasts using my thumb on her hard nipples. She leaned over so that she was just inches from my face.

“God, you make me feel so good.”, she whispered, quickly running her tongue over my lips.

I reached up with my right hand and softly touched her cheek looking deep into her eyes. Somehow this felt right almost like I was supposed to be here.

“You’re the most beautiful woman I have ever been around, Robin.”, I whispered, softly.

She leaned back down and kissed me softly again, her tongue probing my mouth once more. I ran my hands slowly up and down her back as she continued to move slowly on me. She pulled back once more looking down at me.

“I could get very used to this.”, she whispered.

“So could I.”, I replied.

Robin began to move slightly faster on me resting on her hands for balance. I could feel the juices running out of her as she rode my dick like it was the most natural thing on earth to do. I knew I wasn’t going to be able to hold out much longer. Thankfully, she arrived a few seconds before I was ready.

“Tim, I’m gonna cum….. come with me……cum inside me.”, she urged.

Seconds later Robin lost control of her body and she arched her back and trembled above me. I reached out and grabbed her hips pulling her down firmly on my cock. I erupted deep inside of Robin washing her insides with white hot cum. She collapsed on my chest and held on to me tightly moving up and down slowly, enjoying the mixture of both our orgasm’s coating her pussy.

CHAPTER NINE

From that point on, Robin and I spent most of our free time together at my house. Over the course of the next few months with Robin’s help, we were able to finish the house. I had bought another bedroom set so I had a spare guest room and in the third bedroom, I made an office for working at home.

I had quickly mentioned to Belinda that Robin and I were spending a lot of time together. While she said she was a bit disappointed, she told me she was happy for me. It was on August the tenth right after Robin and I went to bed she rolled over and kissed my neck.

“Tim, how do you feel about me ?”, Robin asked, softly.

I rolled over to face her pulling her close to me. She looked like she was ready to cry but I had no idea why. Things had been so good between us lately.

“I love you, Robin.”, I answered.

“You love me ?”, she asked, wide eyed.

“Of course, I love you. I have for quite a while now.”, I replied.

“I love you too.”, she answered, tears rolling down her cheeks.

For the next two months, Robin and I were inseparable. Even though, Stan and Beverly Woods probably already knew about us, we broke the news to them together at dinner once night. They both seemed overjoyed and promised us help with anything that we may need going forward.

We were wrapping up another year at Butler, Land and Reyes, approaching the end of the year vacation period. I was already shopping for an engagement ring for Robin to give her for Christmas. My thought was to propose at her family’s annual Christmas Eve party.

I forwarded the last of the financial statements for the year to Richard, Carlos and Jeremy. They were extremely pleased at the numbers signifying a thirty one percent financial gain from the year before. The three of them knew about Robin and I dating but had no clue I was going to propose. I told them of my intentions but swore them to silence until after the first of the year. They were all elated to hear the news, especially Richard Butler.

About a week before Christmas, I notice a small change in Robin’s demeanor. I could not exactly put my finger on it, but she was a bit different. I had picked up the engagement ring and hid it in the trunk of my car. She mentioned early in the week before Christmas that she had a load of shopping to do. She also had to help her mom with the Christmas Eve party. She asked me if it was okay that she stay at her condo that week making it easier for her to run around town. Of course, I agreed. I knew how stressful the holidays could be sometimes. I also suspected that someone mentioned to Robin that I was going to propose, although I wasn’t sure.

We had the annual office Christmas party on the Wednesday before Christmas. Christmas was on a Saturday this year and Robin’s family party was on Friday night. Everyone was on the top floor of the building and the time had come for Richard Butler to make his annual speech.

In short, he congratulated everyone in the building for the best year that Butler, Land and Reyes had to date. He attributed to the hard work my department had done as well as the effort put forth by all the rest of the departments. He announced that everyone’s bonus would reflect the extra money the company made which drew a loud round of applause. He promised that Carla Davenport would hand out the checks after one more announcement.

“Jeremy, Carlos and I had a long meeting last week about how far we have come in the last few years. I took a chance on a young man still in school and put a tremendous work load on his shoulders. I put him in a position no man his age should ever be in. But every time, he came through. Tim, you’re a great asset to this company and the three of us can’t tell you how grateful we are. But as Carlos said, we can show you . Effective the first day of the new year, Tim Williams is now an associate at Butler Land and Reyes.”, he announced.

There was a large round of applause especially from the people of my floor. We had a great team and we worked so well together. If one of us had a problem, we all pitched in and helped one another. I also received several stares from Nora Davis, Mark Berger and a few other employees that had been there much longer than me and had never been named an associate.

Carla Davenport made her way around the room and handed out the yearly bonus checks. I was with most of my crew and Robin when Carla made our way over to us. She handed everyone a check and then walked up to me.

“Since it’s Christmas, I need you to kiss me you good looking stud.”, Carla laughed.

“Uh…ok, I guess.”, I said, leaning forward.

I bent over and softly placed my lips on Carla’s kissing her gently. Carla put her left hand on the back of my of neck pulling me into her mouth. The kiss lasted much too long and several times Carla’s tongue brushed my lips. She finally let me go causing the room to explode in laughter and applause.

“I’ll expect that every year from now on when you get your check.”, she stated, walking away.

Before I left, I asked Robin if she would be able to spend the night either tonight or tomorrow. She said she would try to make it tomorrow night, but she still had a lot of things to do before Christmas.

The nights were lonely without Robin, she had become the center of my life. That Thursday night as I laid in bed, I began to wonder if perhaps Robin was not ready to get married. We briefly skirted around the issue, but we never really talked about it seriously. Perhaps Robin was extremely nervous about a huge change in life. I decided to take the ring with me but to see how Robin reacted during the party before proposing. Robin had promised to meet me at the party which would give her more time to prepare.

I arrived about seven o’clock and went straight to the front door. I rang the doorbell and Robin’s sister Michelle opened the door. I could see from the look on her face that something wasn’t right, but she invited me in. I followed her to the backyard where I saw Stan and Beverly talking to another couple. As soon as Beverly Woods saw me, she started walking in my direction. She came right up to me and gave me a gentle hug then stepped back.

“I’m surprised to see you here.”, Beverly stated, squeezing my hand.

“Why would you be surprised ?”, I asked, completely lost.

Just about that time, Stan Woods came walking up to me with a stoic look on his face. He extended his hand and shook mine then stepped back as well.

“I’m sorry about everything Tim, not what I expected.”, he said, shaking his head.

“I think somebody needs to tell me exactly what is going on. I’m have no clue as to what either of you are talking about.”, I demanded.

Stan and Beverly both looked at each other like I was the stupidest mother fucker on the planet. Michelle’s head was down and her hands folded together.

“Robin explained everything to us, Tim. She said that the two of you talked it out and you both thought this was for the best.”, Beverly insisted.

“What exactly did we talk out…. I’m still completely lost.”, I uttered.

“The fact that Jeff came back into town and told her he still loved her. You know they were together for almost five years. She admitted to you she still loved him and you agreed to let her go.”, Beverly stated.

“Something is really off here. I have no clue who Jeff is and never agreed to let Robin go anywhere. I hope you guys are not playing a sick joke here.”, I asked, filled with fear.

I could tell immediately they were not kidding and there was a lot I didn’t know about Robin. I was stunned, I did not know what to say.

“I have no clue what you’re trying to tell me because this is the first, I have heard about any of this. I love Robin with all my heart and would never consider giving her up. In fact, I was going to ask Robin to marry me tonight.”, I insisted, pulling the ring box from my pocket and opening it.

At that point, Stan, Beverly and Michelle Woods realized they had been misled by Robin in many ways. I not sure how a broken heart was supposed to feel but I sure it was something like I felt at this moment. I felt empty and hollow inside, with my stomach tied in knots. I wanted to run to my car, but my feet would not move. I closed the box and placed it back in my pocket.

As I turned to walk away, Robin was walking around the side of the house and froze solid when she saw me. She put one hand over her mouth then turned around and went back where she had come from.

I immediately knew I was going to be sick to my stomach. I turned and walked away quickly almost running to my car. Before I could unlock the vehicle, I began throwing up in the grass. I heard Beverly running toward me crying.

“Tim, please come back….. it’s all a mistake.”, she cried.

I got in the car and drove off quickly going straight home. I undressed and got right into bed trying hard to go to sleep. I could not get Robin’s image out of my mind. In one instance we were to be married and a second later, she loved someone else. That did not seem possible, it could not be possible.

But then, I remembered the subtle change in Robin right before Christmas. Then it dawned on me, those nights I was alone in bed, she was sleeping with him. I refuse to believe that Robin would do that. I was sure there was an explanation to this.

I woke up Christmas morning around eight o’clock in the morning. I looked at my phone, but I had missed no calls. I started to call Robin but then put the phone down. Around ten o’clock that morning Beverly Woods called and asked if I would speak to her for a minute. I agreed and she began to try and tell me what exactly happened. Apparently, several weeks before Christmas, Jeff Martin, Robin’s high school sweetheart moved back to town. They had dated all through high school and the first year of college. Then, Jeff took a job in Ohio and they lost touch. He married and got divorced within a few years and had recently moved back.

He contacted Robin and she agreed to meet him. Apparently after spending several hours together the embers turned into a fire and they confessed their love for each. In Jeff’s defense, Robin didn’t tell him about me. He didn’t know about me until last night just a few moments after I left. Beverly Woods asked me to be patient with Robin, she felt the shock of seeing Jeff after so long confused her. Beverly admitted that she couldn’t begin to understand how I felt, but felt that after a little time, Robin would come to her senses.

I told Beverly, I appreciated her calling me but for now I had a lot of thinking to do. I admitted that I was not even sure if I wanted to be back in the relationship with Robin. She said she understood and we both wished each other a Merry Christmas.

While having some time on my hands, I once again did a financial audit on myself. With the ninety thousand dollar bonus I had received this year my saving was back up to one hundred forty two thousand dollar. That was after using one hundred fifty thousand dollars as a down payment on the house. My checking account stood at eighteen thousand five hundred dollars. I had another six thousand in a shoe box at the top of my closet. My 401K stood at about sixty six thousand. Mr. Butler also had advised me that my salary would be going up since being named an associate.

Since, I was going to have a lot of free time on my hands during the next two weeks, I decided to hit the gym hard again. The day after Christmas, I loaded up several gifts I had bought for Robin and on the way to the gym, I stopped by her parent’s home and dropped them off. Stan Woods answered the door, thankfully Robin’s car was not there.

“Tim, I guess asking how are you would be silly, huh ?”, he admitted.

“It’s ok Stan, would you please see that Robin gets these.”, I replied, handing him the packages.

“Tim, I don’t know what to say, I’m so angry at her right now.”, he advised me.

“Well, I honestly don’t know what to feel. I just wish she would have told me a few weeks before. It would still hurt but at least she would have been honest with me. I felt like a complete fool at your party.”, I replied.

“I understand son…… I’ll make sure she gets these.”, he answered, shaking my hand.

For the next two weeks or so, I laid around the house and worked out like a mad man. I was dreading going back to work because sooner or later, I was going to see Robin around the building. But then again, if the building lived up to its hype’ everyone would know the situation quickly anyway.

The time off passed rapidly and I arrived at work early the first morning back. I was already behind my desk when Richard Butler appeared in the doorway of my office.

“So how does it feel to be engaged ?”, he laughed.

I motioned for him to come in and close the door. He did so and sat in one of the chairs facing the desk. I told him everything that had happened up to the Christmas Eve party at Robin’s parent’s house.

“Tim….. I don’t know what to say. I never pictured Robin to be that kind of woman.”, he said, shaking his head.

“Maybe it’s for the best sir. Better find out now than later, right ?”, I asked.

“Yes, I guess so. Have you even talked to Robin since Christmas Eve ?”, he asked.

“No sir, I haven’t. But trust me, I will avoid her here and promise you it will not become a problem inside the company.”, I assured him.

“Tim, I trust you completely. I know you would never do anything to harm this firm.”, he said, getting up and walking out.

The first week back at work we were extremely busy finishing the prior year and opening the new year. I had corporate returns beginning to come in and would be extremely busy until the middle of April. By some of the looks I was getting on different floors, I was sure something had gotten out about Robin and I. No one on my floor seemed any different, so maybe it was just my imagination.

I was arriving before seven in the morning and staying until after six o’clock in the evening. Somehow, in a month and a half I was able to avoid Robin completely. I had not heard a word from Stan or Beverly Woods, I assumed Robin was happy with Jeff.

Around the end of February, I was still in my office when Belinda came in to tell me she was leaving. She stuck her head inside the door which was customary day after day.

“Hey boss, I’m outta here.”, she waved.

“Ok Belinda, be careful.”, I replied.

“Tim, are you all right ?  You’re working eleven to twelve hour days. Not much time to spend with Robin.”, she asked.

“Between you and me, I’m not with Robin anymore.”, I replied, not looking up from my work.

“What the fuck ? When did this happen ?”, she asked, coming over and sitting down.

“Christmas Eve night.”, I replied.

Knowing that I was going to have to explain the entire story, I did just that. I told Belinda everything, including that I had the ring in my pocket. I told her that I had not seen Robin since that night or had any type of communication with her at all. I asked her to please keep this information to herself for the time being. She agreed and left me to my work.

We worked hard until the middle of April then things finally started slowing down. I made an appointment with Jacque at Porter’s to fit me with some new shirts. Since pounding hard at the gym for the past three months my arms, shoulders and chest had grown. He took me right away, measured me and ordered me twenty new shirts. Thankfully, my pants and jackets still fit well enough for now. I did have him alter two new suits for me, one black and one brown.

Right around the end of April, I did see Robin in the parking garage. She didn’t see me as she was getting into her car. She looked beautiful as ever but had a look on her face I can’t describe. Thankfully, she pulled out without seeing me.

My old apartment was extremely close to Robin’s condo. But since I had bought the house, I was in North Dallas very close to her parent’s home. The gym I was using was only about five miles from my home which was very convenient for me. I arrived at the gym around six thirty which was a great time because the evening crowd had already been through. I was getting a lot of stares from the women, but I kept to myself and wore headphones to avoid talking to people. I had just laid down on the bench press station when I felt something slap right shoe. I leaned up slightly and was shocked to see Michelle Woods, Robin’s younger sister. I took off my headphones and sat up in total surprise.

“Hey stranger, how are you ?”, Michelle asked, hugging me quickly.

“I’m fine, Michelle.”, I replied.

“You certainly are.”, Michelle giggled, looking me up and down.

“You work out here ?”, I asked.

“Just started about a week ago. This is all new to me though, I really have no direction.”, she admitted.

“What are you looking to do ?’, I asked.

“I want bigger thighs, bigger calves, bigger arms and tight boobs.”, she giggled.

“Do you have a set time that you can come here.”, I asked.

“Anytime really…….”, she said.

“Well, I can get here a bit earlier, say six o’clock or so. If you want to meet me, we can work out together and I can show you the ropes.”, I offered.

“That would be great…. Have you started yet ?”, she asked.

“No, jump on in.”, I offered.

I explained to Michelle that I alternated body parts daily. I would work my legs and do cardio one day, then chest, shoulder and arms another day. Then come back with the back and cardio a third day. Then take the next day off and rest, then repeat the cycle. She agreed so we jumped right into chest exercises.

Michelle was perhaps five foot six inches tall and weighed maybe one hundred thirty-five pounds. She was considerably shorter than Robin but every bit as beautiful. Then again, I had never seen Michelle in expensive clothes or makeup. So, I had no idea of her true beauty.

Michelle was also considerably stronger than she looked. She exceeded every weight that I started her at. She was also a hard worker to strain to meet every goal I set for her. After an hour and a half of pushing her to the limit, we called it quits. We both went down and showered then, I met her at the juice bar. I bought two large protein vanilla shakes and we sat at one of the tables and made plans for our future workouts. After about fifteen minutes the inevitable came up.

“Tim, I’m really sorry for what Robin did to you. That fucking bitch is pure evil.”, Michelle stated.

“Tell me how you really feel about your sister.”, I laughed.

“Oh Tim, you have no idea.”, she replied.

Michelle began to tell me her experiences with Robin as they grew up together. Robin was the first born and the apple of Beverly Woods’ eye. Michelle was close to my age with only four months separating us. I was about to be twenty-six and Michelle had just turned twenty-six a month ago.

Michelle told me about Robin and Jeff’s courtship while they were in high. Michelle couldn’t count the times they broke up. Jeff would see another girl or Robin would see another guy. After a few months they would get back together like nothing had ever happened. When Michelle was a senior in high school, Robin actually slept with a guy Michelle was dating. Michelle admitted it was simply because Robin could. Supposedly her and Jeff were together at the time.

“Robin will use her looks to intentionally fuck with you.”, Michelle admitted.

Michelle went on to tell me about how many fights the two of them had growing up. Just about every time, Beverly Woods would take Robin’s side in the argument. Robin lied about everything making Michelle look like the bad guy. Eventually Michelle got extremely close to her father, Stan Woods. At that point she confided to her father only and isolated Robin and her mother. I had to admit to Michelle, I had never seen this side of Robin.

“Yes, you did…. The night you were going to ask her to marry you. She showed up to the party with Jeff. How the fuck was she going to explain that to you ? You’re a great guy and she’s an evil bitch.”, Michelle stated.

For the next six months, Michelle and I worked out religiously. Me, simply to maintain what I had and Michelle to achieve her goals. In just six months, Michelle had first lost almost all her body fat and replaced it with pure muscle. The diameter of her thighs had increased almost four inches and her calves almost two and a half. She had put two inches on her arms and took three inches off her waist. But her favorite accomplishment were her boobs, as she joked. She loved that they stood straight out.

We were wrapping up one Friday night when Michelle invited me out to dinner for all the help, I had given her. Since, I had been alone for so long, I quickly agreed. We both showered and met in the lobby. When Michelle came out of the women’s dressing room, I was blown away. She had on tight jeans, black boots and a woman’s under armor shirt that hugged her body like a glove. She had pulled her hair back in a ponytail and even put on a little makeup. She was beautiful beyond belief.

We met up at a local steak house where we parked side by side in the parking lot. As the hostess walked us through the restaurant to our table, every man’s eyes were on Michelle. We both sat down and the hostess left our menu’s for us to order.

Michelle and I had become very good friends over the last few months. She was very easy to be around and never took anything personally. She was beyond funny making me laugh the entire time I was around her. And not once did anything sexual arise between us.

“Does anyone in your family know we are working out together ?”, I asked.

“Nope, none of their business.”, Michelle replied, taking a bite of her salad.

“I was just wondering.”, I replied.

“You want me to tell Robin I stole her man ?’, Michelle giggled.

“Uh…. No.”, I replied, causing Michelle to laugh uncontrollably.

“Trust me, nothing would give me more pleasure.”, Michelle giggled.

We finished dinner and said goodbye in the parking lot. Michelle gave me her customary hug but this one lasted longer than normal. She broke free and waved goodbye to me. I had a birthday and turned twenty six with no fan fare. Michelle and I were still killing it nightly in the gym. Michelle had really been working hard on her mid-section. The results showed up in a small waist and firm stomach. Michelle commented that even Robin had complimented on her new look.

We were approaching another year end at Butler, Land and Reyes. I had done well financially this year with my salary being boosted to forty-four hundred dollars a week. I now had over two hundred twenty thousand dollars in my savings account and almost one hundred thousand dollars in my checking account. I had fifteen thousand dollars in my closet in the shoebox. My 401K had grown to almost one hundred thousand dollars. I was debt free except for my mortgage and utilities. I was expecting another large bonus check in several weeks.

I dreaded the Christmas party this year because I would be in the same room as Robin for several hours. I decided to be the bigger person and do my best to be cordial to her. Thankfully, the party went off well and I talked to Robin for about fifteen minutes. I put my best foot forward and we talked about how well the firm was doing. She even invited me to the Christmas Eve party at her parent’s home. She told me both her mother and father would ask about me from time to time. I told her I would think about it, but knew I wouldn’t attend.

Michelle and I scheduled our last workout until after Christmas on the twenty third of December. We finished up and would meet at the juice bar which had become our tradition. We were both finishing up our protein shakes when Michelle looked at me curiously.

“Hey, why don’t you be my date at the party tomorrow night ?”, Michelle asked.

“Uh… you have to be kidding ?”, I laughed.

“Nope, I’m not.”, she replied, quickly

“Do you have any idea the turmoil that would cause ?”, I advised.

“For who. Maybe Robin, but who cares.”, she shot back, quickly.

“Michelle, I don’t think your mother or father would approve of that. Although, your sister did invite me earlier today.”, I stated.

“That fucking bitch invited you ?”, Michelle gasped.

“Yes, at the office Christmas party.”, I answered.

“Then you have to be my date. You have to.”, Michelle giggled.

“Ok, but if it goes bad….. it’s on you.”, I replied.

“Deal. But the problem is….”, she began, then stopped.

“What’s the problem ?”, I asked.

“I can’t complete with Robin when it comes to clothes. She will always be more beautiful than me., Michelle sighed.

“Michelle, your sister is not more beautiful than you. You’re drop dead gorgeous and have a body to die for. Anyone can buy nice clothes.”, I offered.

“Not by tomorrow night”, Michelle giggled.

“Wanna bet ?”, I replied, pulling out my cell phone.

I called Carla Davenport’s cell phone knowing that most of the women at the firm knew where to shop for nice clothes. She answered right away and advised to go to Sak’s Fifth Avenue at the local mall. She told me to ask for either Melanie or Crystal, both of them excellent with fitting. I hung up the phone and told Michelle that we were going shopping in the morning.

Michelle agreed to meet me at home early the next morning. Sure, 5enough right at eight o’clock Michelle rang my door bell. I invited her in and gave her a quick tour of the house which she seemed to really like. She admitted she found it hard to imagine a man living in a house this clean.

I finished dressing and we took my car and went to breakfast close by. We arrived at Sak’s Fifth Avenue a few minutes past ten, they had just opened. We walked in and made our way to the women’s department. A young woman came up to us and asked if we needed help. I asked for Melanie or Crystal as advised. The woman told us she was Melanie and would be glad to assist us. I informed Melanie that Carla Davenport had recommended her. She told us Carla was a very good customer of hers.

Michelle explained the type of party we were going to tonight. Since it was both indoors and out, Melanie suggested evening gowns were out. She took Michelle over to the dress section and they started to look through the racks. I took a seat just outside the dressing room and waited for the results.

Michelle took two dresses in the fitting room and came out with one on. The dress was red but had too many ruffles and material around the sleeves. I shook my head and she disappeared in the room. She came back with a blue dress on that was awful, at least in my opinion.

“Oh God , no.”, I laughed, when she stood in  front of me.

She frowned at me jokingly and went back to take the dress off. I motioned for Melanie to come over. I mentioned to Melanie that Michelle had been killing herself in the gym. She needed something that would show off her legs and arms. Melanie nodded and disappeared around one of the racks. She returned with a shorter white dress in hand just as Michelle came out of the dressing room. Melanie took the two Michelle had and gave her the white one she had just ***********ed. Michelle shrugged and returned to the fitting room. About ten minutes later, Michelle walked out from behind the curtain in a short white sequined dress that came to mid-thigh. It had spaghetti straps and was fit Michelle like it was made for her. Her thighs and calves looked amazing and her arms quite defined.

“Oh, hell yea.”, I laughed.

“You like ?”, she asked, holding her arms straight up.

“That’s the one.”, I replied.

This was a Nelle Sequin Mini dress in White by Jason Wu and cost nine hundred seventy five dollars. As Michelle was protesting, I had Melanie usher her to the shoe department and look for matching shoes. About twenty minutes later they returned with a pair of Jimmy Choo Nova Peep Toe Glitter Leather Slingback Platform Pumps. I never realized a pair of shoes could have a name that long. Melanie had suggested a pair of ultra sheer stockings to go along with the dress.

Melanie suggested I apply for a credit card from the store itself. With their card, you earned a five percent discount and were awarded points you could use same as cash. In took about ten minutes to get the card approved and we checked out. All total, it came to fifteen hundred and forty one dollars and thirty nine cents. Michelle was arguing with me that there was no way she wasn’t going to pay me back. Melanie seemed to get a kick out of the banter between Michelle and myself.

I then drove Michelle to an excellent hair salon really close to my house. Again, she objected but I would hear none of it. Michelle worked with the stylist and they came with an idea that Michelle seemed to like. The stylist mixed a color called Butterscotch Blonde then applied to Michelle’s hair. When the coloring was done, I felt it was too dark for Michelle. The stylist became cutting her hair into different over lapping lengths. She then applied more highlights in very small strands of the hair. Once everything was finished and the stylist dried her hair, it all came together. She looked beautiful beyond words. We finished up by Michelle getting a manicure and pedicure with a clear ultra sheen polish applied to both.

We went back to my house when Michelle put the clothes in her car. She asked me if I wanted to pick up from her apartment not far from her parent’s house. She constantly went back and forth between her small apartment and her parent’s home where she did still have a bedroom to herself. But as she admitted, she wanted to make a grand entrance. I agreed to pick her up at seven o’clock.

The closer it got to seven ‘o’clock the more nervous I was becoming. I still thought this might be a bad idea on a really important day for her family. I had no idea how her parents or Robin would react when we showed up together. But when the clock hit six thirty there was no looking back. Once again, I chose a black suit with a white shirt. I chose a red tie and black shoes. I arrived at Michelle’s apartment complex right at seven o’clock than evening. I found her unit on the second floor and knocked on the door.

She opened the door and I there was a vision I was not prepared for. There stood Michelle Woods, in a tight white sequin dress that she looked poured into. The new hair color accented her beauty perfectly and her makeup was flawless. The platform shoes gave her additional height and the sheer stockings made her legs look fabulous. I’m sure I just stood there like a dumbass staring at her.

“Well, what do you think ?”, she giggled.

“I think I at the wrong apartment. You’re not my workout partner that I’m with almost every day.”, I replied.

“Yep, that’s me.”, she claimed hugging me.

“Michelle, you’re beautiful beyond words.”, I whispered into her ear.

We arrived at Stan and Beverly’s about twenty minutes before eight. Thankfully, I did not see Robin’s car as I was pulling up. By the time Michelle’s parents got over the shock, Robin would arrive. I got out and walked around the car opening Michelle’s door and extending my hand to help her out. I followed her to the front door where she pressed the handle and pushed open the door. Thankfully, no one was in the foyer as I closed the door behind me. Michelle turned and run her hands over my jacket and adjusted my tie.

“Are you ready ?”, she asked, smiling.

“I’ll get back to you on that.’, I replied, nervous as hell.

Michelle grabbed my hand and we walked through the living room filled with people directly into the backyard. We got quite a few stares in the process, but I was sure it was because of how Michelle was dressed. We stepped into the backyard and I noticed Beverly Woods talking to several woman, her back to us. As I looked around , I noticed that Stan Woods had already seen us and was just standing there looking directly at us. Michelle noticed her dad and grabbed my arm once again pulling me in his direction. By the time we arrived, I really think Stan Woods was in shock.

“Hi Daddy.”, Michelle said softly, kissing his cheek.

“Michelle, what have you done……… Your hair….. “, he stuttered.

“Do you like it ?”, she asked, softly.

“My God, you’re beautiful.”, he said, hugging his daughter with tears running down his cheeks.

After a long hug, he turned to me and extended his hand. I shook his hand while looking directly into his eyes for a reaction.

“Are you two together or something ?”, he asked, choking up.

“I think I’ll let Michelle answer that, Stan.”, I replied.

Michelle explained that for close to a year we had been working out together. Both Beverly and Stan noticed the transition in Michelle’s body, but she never let on that I was her partner. Michelle admitted to Stan it was her idea for me to accompany her to the party. She told him I resisted at first but admitted that Robin had invited me anyway. I’m not sure how Stan took the news because Beverly Woods arrived seconds later.

“Michelle, you look lovely. I love the dress.’, Beverly said, hugging her youngest daughter.

She then turned to me and gave me a brief hug then stepped back. I knew the question was coming, I could see it in her eyes.

“Did you two come  together ?”, Beverly asked, with a concerned look on her face.

Michelle told her mother the same story she had just relayed to her father. Beverly didn’t seem to take it as well as Stan did, but she said nothing. Of course, Beverly asked Michelle to help her in the kitchen so she could further interrogate her. That left me standing next to Stan Woods feeling very uncomfortable.

“You know if this a problem, I could leave. I don’t want to cause any trouble.”, I advised Stan.

“Tim, can I asked you a question ?’, Stan inquired.

“Yes sir.”, I answered.

“Are you and Michelle romantically involved ?”, he asked, looking into my eyes.

“No sir. It was exactly like Michelle explained it to you. We have been meeting at the health club and working out together for months. There’s been nothing else… not even a kiss shared between us.”, I replied.

“Sorry Tim, I just wanted to be prepared.”, he answered.

“I understand sir. Michelle is a beautiful young woman and I understand you looking out for her. But before I would even consider asking her out, I promise I would speak to you first considering the circumstances.”, I stated.

Just about that time, Robin Woods came through the rear door in a beautiful black dress. She crossed the yard quickly and hugged her father and then me.

“I’m surprised you came, Tim. But I’m glad you’re here.”, Robin said, squeezing my hand.

“Where’s Jeff at ?”, Stan asked.

“Oh..um…he’s coming in a while with his parents.”, she replied, her eyes darting to mine once.

Just about that time, Michelle came out the backdoor and immediately headed in our direction. Robin noticed Stan looking over her shoulder, so she turned just in time to see Michelle walk up. I had known Robin for a few years now and had never seen her so surprised. She just stood there looking at Michelle with a confused look on her face.

“Hi Robin.”, Michelle said.

“Hey Michelle.”, Robin stuttered.

“You want something to eat ?”, Michelle asked me.

“Sure, lead the way.”, I replied.

By the time I got to the table, I could see Robin had engaged her father in a serious conversation. As per exactly what Michelle had told me about the family dynamics Beverly arrived and joined the conversation shortly thereafter. There was no doubt they were talking about us because Beverly and Robin kept glancing towards us. We both finished our plates and took a seat at one of the tables on the other side of the yard near the dance floor.

“Round one is over.”, Michelle giggled, looking over at the intense conversation going on.

“I think I mentioned this was not a good idea.”, I replied.

“If they keep it up,  I’m going to tell then we’re fucking.”, Michelle said, smiling at me.

“Oh yea, that will go over well.”, I said, hanging my head.

Michelle started laughing hysterically at my comment which I didn’t seem to find funny. Apparently, Robin saw Michelle laughing and thought perhaps we might be making fun of her in some way. She immediately started in our direction, but Stan grabbed his daughter by the shoulder and pulled her back. Thankfully, Michelle returned to her senses. We sat there and calmly talked for close to thirty minutes before Jeff and his parents showed up. Michelle leaned over and told me the performance was about to start.

Michelle had spent a lot of years with her sister and knew her as well as anyone. Robin immediately kissed Jeff for longer than necessary and grabbed his hand holding it in hers. Obviously, this was a performance for the two of us. This whole situation really seemed like a bunch of teenagers playing games with each other. Something I was not interested in doing.

A few minutes later, I excused myself to use the restroom inside of the house. After finishing, I exited in the small hallway only to run into Robin Woods.

“Are you dating my sister ?”, she asked.

“No, we have already answered this question twice. We work out together at the club. We have been for months now. That’s it, nothing more, nothing less.”, I replied.

“Then, why are you here ?”, she quickly inquired.

“Because she asked me to come and so did you.”, I answered.

“I’m not sure I believe that.”, Robin sighed.

“I’m sorry that you don’t believe me, Robin. But honestly, what difference would it make if I were dating your sister ?  You showed me exactly what I meant to you last Christmas.”, I said, softly and walked away.

I walked back out deciding not to tell Michelle about what just happened. This was turning into a bad situation and I didn’t want to make it any worse. The disc jockey started playing music and Robin and Jeff were the first on the dance floor. Michelle and I were talking about our workout schedule for the holidays when Stan Woods came over and asked Michelle if she wanted to dance. She accepted quickly and they walked on the floor for the next song. It was easy to see how much Stan loved his younger daughter as they moved together across the floor. When the son ended, Michelle walked over to the disc jockey and whispered something in his ear. He nodded and then got up taking a break.

It was getting close to ten o’clock when the disc jockey sat back down behind the computer. Michelle grabbed my hand and pulled me toward the dance floor. I was very reluctant to add more fuel to the fire that was already burning. We danced to a song called “I Will Always Love You” by Whitney Houston. There was no doubt that Michelle picked this song on purpose.

As we danced, I suddenly realized that this whole situation was becoming totally out of control. I had never thought about a romantic relationship with Michelle. She was a friend who I enjoyed being around. Because of my relationship with her sister being romantic was out of the question.

Then again, should it be. Michelle was every bit as beautiful as Robin, She, was fun to be around and always made me laugh. She had a body to die for, she was built for sex. But again, how did she feel. Perhaps, this was just about getting back with Robin. I decided quickly that it was in everybody’s best interest that I leave. As soon as the song ended, I pulled Michelle aside and told her I thought it was best if I left and went home.

She seemed hurt at first but told me she understood. She told me she would sleep at her parents tonight and get her dad to bring her home in the morning. I asked her to tell everyone goodbye for me which she promised she would.

On the drive home, I don’t believe I was ever more confused in my life. I got home, took a shower and fell into bed falling fast asleep. I woke up about eight thirty the following morning and made a pot of coffee. I was on my second cup when my cell phone rang, it was Stan Woods calling. Just what I need on Christmas ran through my head as I answered the phone.

“Tim, this is Stan. Merry Christmas, son.”, he said.

“Merry Christmas to you too.”, I replied.

“Tim, I have to tell you something. Michelle and I had a long talk last night. First, I want to thank you for being honest with me. Michelle confirmed everything that you said. With that being said, I think Michelle is in love with you.”, he stated.

“Sir, that’s not possible. We never did anything…”, I started.

“That doesn’t mean she doesn’t love you. Michelle admitted many times that she was tempted to make the first move. But she was uncertain of how you felt and didn’t want to ruin your friendship. She admits the two of you really get along well.”, he suggested.

“Yes sir, we do. I love working out with her and she always keeps me laughing.”, I answered.

“That she does, son. All I’m trying to say to you is that if you want to take your relationship further with my daughter, I’m ok with it. You’re a really level headed young man and I was devastated when Robin did what she did. My wife and Robin might not take it as well, but I don’t care. This is about Michelle and the gleam in her eye when she talks about you. So, whatever you decided, I’m in your corner. Either way.”, he ended.

I thanked him for the call and hung up the phone. I laid back on the sofa and tried to wrap my head around what I had just heard. Stan did make me promise to never tell Michelle about the phone call that had just occurred, which I did. How did Michelle really feel about me ?

There was so much, I did not know about Michelle. Basically, all I was told about her past was the feud with Robin. Which as far as I was concerned was ancient history. I did not want a possible relationship to be based on revenge. That would be a disaster for the both of us.

I watched television all day on Christmas and went to bed early that night. I woke up around eight o’clock made a pot of coffee and began to wash clothes. It was sometime after ten o’clock that morning when the phone rang. It was Michelle.

“Hey Tim, what are you doing ?”, she asked, cheerful.

“Washing clothes.”, I admitted.

“What a fucking party animal you are.”, she giggled.

I could help but laugh at her, she could always get me to laugh hysterically. I composed myself quickly, something you had to do with Michelle.

“What the fuck are you doing ?”, I answered.

Now it was very hard to get the better of Michelle Woods. Once or twice since we had been training together I did, but it was rare. She was always ready with the comeback, no matter how good your response was.

“I’m getting dressed to come see you.”, she answered, trying to get to me.

“I fucking never asked you to come over.”, I quickly answered, trying not to laugh.

“Too bad bitch, I’m on my way.’, she replied, hanging up the phone.

I was aware a day ago that I may have to look at Michelle Woods in a whole new light after speaking to Stan. But I didn’t expect it to come this fast. Since the house was clean, I simply finished washing the laundry and was sitting on the sofa folding towels when the doorbell rang. I got up and headed to the door not sure what I was getting into. I opened the door and Michelle stepped in quickly with a large tote bag on her shoulder. I closed the door and followed her into the living room where she laid her bag on the sofa.

“Folding towels huh. God, you know how to live.”, she giggled.

The words that she used and the faces she would make would always make me laugh. She was the ultimate friend, she could always cheer you up. She sat down next to the load of towels and quickly help me finished them. I put everything away and returned to the sofa and sat down a few feet away from her.

“We need to talk”, Michelle said, with a serious look on her face.