Alchemilla Hospital is almost derelict. Lights hang from the ceiling, some sputtering bars of white against the walls. The walls are covered in some sort of black sticky moss, but it does not have the life of the other place where the walls reached out to grab. It's just dirt and grime taking it's toll on this place.

Reigert had been specific. "You've fallen down the rabbit hole," he said, as she stood up, stuffing his hands into his pockets, "go find the white queen. The red queen, she has an agenda, but the white queen. She waits."

Glad at least it's not the usual Lord of the Rings references Sam pressed him. "And where does she wait?"

"You can't tell?" Reigert was surprised. "Do you know what Dragon lines are?" He asked, "there are a number of universe, finite, but so many that even we could never comprehend their number, and each exists now and here, like a pile of transparencies dropped on the floor. Where these universes butt against ours they form Dragon lines. Where these lines cross are places of power, in the old world they would put shrines there. But sometimes more than one line crosses. In the House of Five Aspects 5 lines cross, reality is blurred there. It is possible to enter a room and go back in time. Here the lines make a rather unique symbol." He knelt down and in the gravel of the carpark drew a square and then drew the lines from each point to meet in the centre. Water eases the transition. This place, it's not real, well as real as anything else. But she's there, waiting, where the lines cross."

"I still don't understand." Sam said, he couldn't figure out at all why this was important.

Reigert rolled his eyes and decided to throw away the crypticism. "She's in the basement of Alchemilla hospital. Someday I will understand how your species lasted so long, because I wonder if you can even feel the change of the seasons." And then he was gone.

So Sam began the trek to Alchemilla hospital.

***

Lisa waits in the doctor's office, the bed wedged between the cupboard and the wall to create a place for her to hide. She still has her knees pressed to her chest. "You came back," she says, "no one ever comes back."

"I need your help," he says, "I need to get to the basement."

If anything Lisa is even more scared than she was before, she starts to cry. "No, no, not there, you dont' want to go there. She's there."

"Who, Lisa, who's in the basement?" He thinks if he can coax her past her fear he might get the answers.

"Alessa's down there." She answers, "she's been down there so long, but if you go down you won't come back, no one ever does. Others have gone down there, but no one comes back."

"What's her name, Lisa, what's her full name? I can come in the day time, I can come when it's safe if I know her name."

"Alessa," she repeats, "Alessa Gillespie."

***

Her name is Alessa Gillespie and like everything else in this fucked up town she's not quite right.

The window in her hospital room over looks the lake, which is two miles from here in the opposite direction, despite that her room is in the basement.

No matter what direction Sam approaches her from he only sees the back of her head and shoulders. She is wearing a bed jacket of a soft slubby wool and her hair is a black bob with a razor sharp line where it is cut. She could be any age from twelve to fifty and Sam wouldn't know, but also that she doesn't want him to know.

She has a heavy photo album open on her flower printed lap but her attention is fixed on the lake and the lighthouse there. From where he stands he sees an abandoned theme park like a dark grey blot with brightly coloured flashes. There are flags and he can hear the boats on the water.

"So, you are the Boy-King," it is a statement not a question. "Welcome to my world, the world that you gave me, welcome to dear sweet Silent Hill." There is a flash of fire, as if for an instant she is immolated, the air stinking of burning meat, and there is a great scream but it, like the fire, like the smell, was suddenly gone as if it had never been there. "So tell me, do you prefer Sam, or Sammael?"

She laughs and again there is the moment of screaming, of fire, the world flashes with rust and blood and desolation, the windows blacked out and the plastic curtains blood spattered and torn, then the room is fine again, making Sam question what the fuck is going on.

"You came too late." She sing songs, "far too late, and she got away, but time is different here, upside down and back to front, twisted, broken and put back together wrong. We waited." Her voice is lilting, her cadences arching and dropping like she's chanting a child's rhyme. "Alessa waited so long, so very long, we waited and waited, and Cheryl came and we waited, and the fire!"

The room blazes for a long moment, Sam can feel the heat on his face, searing to the point of blistering. It hits him like a slap, and then it is gone, and the dark rust and blood desolation remains in it's place. There are picture frames on the wall with butterflies batting their wings futilely. He can hear them.

"The fire, Sam, you know the fire, don't you. They said I was a witch, they said I was a demon, because I had powers, you have powers don't you, Sam?"

Sam can hear children singing Oranges and Lemons, their patent leather shoes slapping on the tarmac. Then the same tune becomes "Alessa's a witch in her mother's gold bangles. She'll eat up your soul and her hair is all tangles." Then another voice, seperate as the others sing, "d'ya know what they do to witches, Alessa?" Sam can feel his hair pulled hard, "they burn them, you're going to burn, Alessa, you're going to burn."

"No demon can be as cruel as a child, Sam, but I did burn and burn and burn." She tilts her head, a gesture that reminds Sam of Castiel, "for seven years I burned and burned and burned." She spits the words out with true vitriol. "Do you know what it sounds like to burn, Sam, do you know you don't hear the fire, just your skin bubbling. I burned, Sam, for you, for you!"

The wall of flame engulfs them both and Alessa stands up, she is wearing a school uniform and her hair is long, she is at most seven years old. "I burned, Sam, and I waited, and I waited, and do you know why? For you. All for you. I burned up all for you, and then I waited here, in this room for God to come to me, and you come now! You're over twenty years too late."

The fire is consuming her, licking at the polyester of her school uniform, up her legs which are red and angry, her hair vanishing in a wisp of flame. "I'm dead and gone, Sam, I burned twice over, and now Heather waits for you, are you going to let her burn too? Like I did, all the fire, Sam, all those flames, all for you. I waited seven years in this room, burning," there is a design on the floor, an alchemical circle but he doesn't recognise it, "because you were too late."

She stops, and composes herself with her little girl face, "but it's okay, Sam, I'm not angry, not anymore." She returns to her chair facing the window and Sam wonders if he can only see the back of her head because she is so burned, if her skin is blistered and split. The dead butterflies are beating their wings so hard that it rattles the glass on the shadowboxes. "Heather is waiting for you, she's in the lighthouse, waiting. She's been waiting a long time, so very long, seven long years."

"Who's Heather, Alessa?" he asks. It's the first thing he's said to her.

Alessa laughs, a dark morbid sound. "Even the Boy King needs his queen."

"Hey Sammy," Dean says shaking him, "wake up, rise and shine, those monsters don't hunt themselves you know." Sam tries to shake the sleep from his head, like a dog in a car accident. Alessa has left a strange taste in his mouth, like roast pork, but she gave him something else, he thinks as he mutters to his brother and gets out of the bed. She named the town in his dreams. Silent Hill.

The strange thing is that the name is familiar and he doesn't know why. "Sammy, rise and shine, I'm huuuuuunnnnnggggrrrrryyyyyy." Dean elongates the word and for a second he sounds just like the Darkness. "If I don't get some meat in me soon I'm going to wither away and die."

Sam, still half asleep, still puzzling over Alessa's strange pronouncements, doesn't miss the opportunity to raise his eyebrow at his brother. "TMI, dude," he says, "I do not need to know what you do with other people." And Dean says he hasn't got a bitchface...

Breakfast is a quiet affair because Sam takes the opportunity, whilst shovelling in oatmeal to try and fill the gaping hole inside him, and the smell of Dean's bacon makes him want to retch in the memory of Alessa and the smell that lingered around her, to read John's journal. Dean, has enough appetite for both of them, and possibly the Darkness combined, washing it down with slurps of black coffee with so much sugar it's a wonder it maintains liquidity.

There is a note next to several torn out pages and two more that are heavily redacted. It says that Silent Hill is a bust, that the missing people seem to have more to do with the local lake than the town's albeit fantastic history. John heard of the town and researched it, that he decided it was a bust doesn't surprise Sam, some places keep their secrets close.

"Anything interesting, Sammy," Dean is a terribly good mood and Sam doesn't know why, maybe he went out to meet his angel boyfriend, Sam sneers internally at that, the Darkness growling within him. Although Dean's not usually this cheery just because he got laid. Perhaps there was chocolate involved.

Suddenly the raisins in the oatmeal, little bursts of sweetness, aren't as good as they were just a moment ago. His mouth waters at the thought of chocolate and sweat and pheromones and firelight, and there it is again, the smell of burnt bacon and he wants to retch. He covers it up with a mouthful of coffee. "I think I've found us a case," he says after he swallows, "probably a seal, ever hear of a town called Silent Hill?"

***

Google can sometimes be a mine of information about the supernatural, and sometimes a waste of time. People learn things and post them on their own pages but Silent Hill has plenty of information, just most of it is contradictory. The photos from the town's tourism site however confirms it for him, it is the right place. That it makes it's money from tourism Sam finds unsettling. One site, run by a woman who has pictures of herself with bright purple hair and a broomstick skirt and calls herself White Witch Endora, talks frankly about the strange history of the town. She lists her address as Brahms, one of the neighbouring towns. Her website also sells a lot of strange crystals, seals and is attached to a tattoo parlour for those who want alchemical designs, offering specials on those from the anime "Full Metal Alchemist".

Endora is of the opinion that Silent Hill is just plain bad news and that you should stock up on every single supernatural protection charm and then avoid the town completely.

Knowing the little that he does of the town Sam is inclined to agree.

He has his laptop open on his knee in the car, as Dean drives, it's a long way to Buffalo which is the nearest city to the town, and his charge is running out fast. But whatever kind of kook that this Endora is her research is detailed.

It seems the town, which is near the Canadian border, was the ritual ground for a tribe of Native Americans whose name was lost after skirmishes with the invading puritans. Both the Native Americans and the puritans died in an epidemic. Alchemilla Hospital was built to try and stop the disease but it was eventually abandoned.

It was to prove to be the first step in a long pattern.

For a hundred years the town lay vacant until it was reopened as a penal colony, including one of the world's first panopticons - which is now open to the public - before another epidemic wiped out the prisoners, despite the best efforts of the newly rebuilt hospital. It served as a prisoner of war camp for the war of 1812. The panopticon was closed in 1840, and the town abandoned again.

In the 1850's some enterprising local discovered coal and the town became a boom town, Old Silent Hill being built. During the American civil war the most dissident of the Southern prisoners of war were sent there and another prison was opened, the panopticon considered cursed.

It was around this time that the doomsday cults began to spring up around the town claiming to use the religion of the unnamed Native American tribe, that through devotion, sacrifice and loss that they would be the most devoted to "God" who would be born in their midst. Relics from this period included silver discs embossed with the Seal of Solomon, which Sam knew better as the Devil's trap, the Seal of Metraton and the Seal of Sammael, all of which Endora was offering as tattoos.

In the 1920's the order, to fund it's work, began trafficking a local herb called "White Claudia," this was stopped when their actions resulted in the death of several well known policemen from Brahms.

The Order was brought to a head in 1979 following a house fire in which a small girl, Alessa Gillespie, died. Her mother was institutionalised, her doctor struck off and imprisoned, as several people vanished during the period and he was held accountable for their murders.

In 1986 there was another wave of disappearances, including Brahms police officer Cybil Bennett, which caught media attention but even the FBI who were called in could find nothing strange about the town.

In 2003 a fire at...

Sam curses as his battery finally gives up the ghost, the screen going black although the power light is still on. He closes it with a final clack, sliding it back into it's satchel before reaching around to put it on the back seat. He feels a little nauseous from reading in the car, though he thinks he should be used to that by now, he's been doing it all his life. So he cranks down the window a little, and wonders why Dean doesn't just get a new car already, even if he knows all the reasons by heart.

"You find anything interesting?" Dean asks, he has removed his green jacket and his forearms are bare, making the strange charm bracelet on his arm stand out all the more proud. The white bead, the one that makes Sam uncomfortable, is shining wetly in the light.

"Town's asking for hauntings," Sam says, "demon worship, false gods, no fewer than three separate plagues, used as a prisoner of war camp twice, a penal colony and a coal town. It has a population of less than a thousand and two hospitals, and a sanatarium I think that says it all."

Dean scoffs, "let me guess, missing children..." he throws the suggestion out there.

"A bucket load, an orphanage full of suicides, not one but two serial killers in the last fifteen years." Sam fills in the information, it wasn't on Endora's website but it was on another.

"And every hunter that visited the place found it a bust?" Sam had told Dean that earlier. "Yanno," he starts, "in Chicago, I met Reigert at this mall, he said some places had such evil there that they became part of Hell without demonic interference, that they just handed it over, that the evil was so soaked in the place that Hell didn't even have to bother." The golden feather catches the light from Dean's window, lining against his forearm like a brand of ownership, even more than the handprint on his arm. It's a reminder of all the things Dean's done that Sam is not privy to, that Dean never told him about. "So it sounds like this place is fucked up from the left side down."

"Yeah," Sam agrees, "I think we might need Cas here." As soon as the words are out he can see the potential of it, the town has one angel trapped here, why not another?