Another true adventure of my time with a topless dancer during the 1960's: 
Maybe the worse thing about working graveyard shift is that everybody thinks you're free all day because you're at work when they are sleeping. I had spent all day helping my girlfriend Linda, move to a place even farther away from where I lived. Thank god, she only rents furnished but even so, she had a lot of crap, none of it boxed or even close to ready to go. With everything done, I volunteered to go get pizza while she made her bed and when I got back, we ate first then broke in her new bed. By the time we'd finished it was already time for me to go to work, I didn't even get a chance to shower or change my clothes and I left her house and went directly to work. By the time I got home the next morning I was toast and all I wanted to do was sleep all day, but suddenly there was a knock on my door and there was Linda and another girl. It was Linda's best friend Karen and although I had heard all about her, this was the first time we'd met. I have already described Linda in another story, she is a topless dancer who is flat and skinny and real close to homely, however her sexy attitude more than makes up for her appearance. I knew that Karen was married but that she liked to sleep around; her figure showed that she had the two kids I'd heard she had. She was wearing an ultra short skirt stretched tight across her big ass showing off lots of thigh that looked as big as tree trunks. When she sat at the bar between my kitchen and living room, I got a glimpse of pussy and proof that she was going commando. Her big tits looked like they were trapped inside her bra and trying to escape. She had on a top with a big scoop at the neck and when she bent over, I could see all the way to her navel.

Linda told me she had scored some weed but that Karen's husband would get upset if he smelled it at her house so they came to my house to get high. She plopped a baggie on my counter and asked me to roll some joints. I kept looking down Karen's top and telling myself I could always sleep later, so what the hell, I got some papers and started rolling. We smoked one and then another and before long we were all baked, we ate a bag of chips that had been on my counter for weeks but to us they tasted great. Linda tried to roll a joint and we all were laughing at how bad she was doing, when she tried to get me to help I said no, got up, and leaned against the stove.

Finally, she gave up, got off her stool, and came around to where I was standing.
"Karen have I ever told you how pretty his dick is?"
Karen told her that's what she said about all her boyfriends,
"No, no it's true let me show you."
She then proceeded to unfasten my pants and pull them down to my knees. Next, she reached into my briefs and pulled out my dick, holding me in her hands she kissed the tip
"He has the nicest dick to suck, come over here, and taste it."
She pointed it in her direction then she put it back in her mouth. I couldn't believe what was happening here, were these two girls going to suck me off right here in my kitchen? Karen came over and as Linda sucked me, we began to make out. She kissed me with an open mouth and her tongue pushing between my lips. Then she stopped and backed away,
"If we're going to do this let's do it right where's your bedroom?"
She pulled off her top as she said this, Linda stood and with one hand holding Karen's and her other holding my throbbing erection, she led us to my bedroom. We all undressed together then Linda pushed me on the bed and as she mounted me, she offered Karen my face. My first good look at Karen's pussy was as I watched it descending to my mouth.  She was super wet and she rubbed it all over my face, covering it with her juices, then she settled on my mouth and as I tongue fucked her she humped my nose with her clit. Every time she came, I felt a fresh flood of her cum roll across my cheeks. She got up and turned around and now facing Linda she sat down on me again and then they began to make out. When I saw them, it put me over the top and I came inside my girl.

"Come on Linda trade places I want to fuck him."
"Sorry you're too late I already sucked the jizz out of him."
They talked as if I wasn't there but then agreed to switch places. Me eating my own cum was a new game that Linda had been trying to teach me, I liked the idea until I came and then it wasn't as appealing. To train me Linda had stopped asking me if I wanted to do it and now she would just sit on my face without asking. As a rule, she didn't care for me giving her oral and if the only time I could do it was when she was full of cum I decided just to do it. As I was busy eating my girlfriend, Karen was trying to put me inside her but my wet noodle was not cooperating, the only thing she could do was rub me against her clit.

I finally told the girls I was sorry but that I was spent and too tired to go again. I rolled them some more joints for the rode gave them both a kiss as they left and I crawled into bed for some sleep. I went to work that night as rested as I'd been in a long time and still when I came home the next day, I lay down for a little nap. My phone woke me, and I answered it to find Linda on the other end. She and Karen were going to the beach and wanted to know if I would go with them. I could hear her talking but all I could think about was watching Karen's pussy lowering to my face and as I stroked my dick, I told her that I'd love to go. I waited out front for them and when they pulled up I opened the back door to get in only to see two kids sitting there. It was easy to see that they were of mixed race and so I was guessing that Karen's husband was black. This was very rare back then and I remember how even hotter I thought it made her.
"Hop on in it they won't bite," Karen told me, "They heard Linda talking to you and they put up such a fuss I had to bring them along."
I could see this day was not going to turn out as I had hoped, but I got in any way and before long, we were at Malibu Creek Beach. This beach is one of the lesser used beaches in the county, they didn't even have lifeguards and so you could get away with a lot more than on one of the regular beaches. The kids were playing in the sand and we adults were lying in the sun, Karen asked me to put sunscreen on her and she undid her top as I lathered her back, when she turned over for me to do her front she breasts were now exposed. Her little boy came over,
"Mommy, everybody can see your boobies," he said it loud enough for the whole beach to hear. She told him that it was all right and that she was just getting some lotion and the two kids began giggling to some secret only they knew of. Lying there, I could see Linda and Karen whispering to each other and then Linda got and told the kids they were going for an adventure and they walked off down the beach. Karen with her top back on, got up grabbed my hand and said to come to the water with her. We waded out to about chest deep just beyond where the waves were breaking, she reached into my suit and began to play with me.
"You ever do it in the ocean?" She asked then she wrapped her legs around my waist and by pulling her suit to the side, I slide right inside her. I couldn't believe it here we were in front of all these people fucking and yet to them it appeared as if we were just frolicking in the surf. Having let her down the last time we were together, I was determined to not cum to soon this time but then she told me to hurry because she saw she kids heading toward the water. I came easily and then we headed to where her kids were standing. We all played in the water but I swear, by the way that little girl looked at me she knew what we had been doing.

After they brought me home I took a nap and when I awoke I took a shower, got dressed and went to a friend's birthday party out on the west side. I got super drunk and ended up sleeping on their couch and I didn't get home until late afternoon the next day. My phone was ringing as I opened the door,
"Oh my god I was so worried, where have you been? I've been trying to get a hold of you since last night (remember this was long before cell phones, pagers, or even answer machines). Karen's kids told her husband about us at the beach and he flew into a rage, grabbed his gun, and went out looking for you"
Now this guy didn't know me and I didn't know him, I mean we could have been next to each other at a traffic light or maybe the liquor store and neither one of us would have known. Linda said she had to hang up and call Karen to tell her I was all right. A couple of minutes later she called back to say that Karen's husband had forgiven her and all was OK. What a relief, here I'd had a jealous husband with a gun looking for me and I didn't even know it. I figured I had literally dodged a bullet but rather than take another chance I decided to stay away from Karen and that's what I did, I never saw her again.
