This is a story I wrote for my GF.  I have had it in my mind for several months, but until now the muse did not let me write it.  It finally came together a couple of days ago-RHL


What's a Father To Do?

I know it is hard for a young girl to relocate.  My daughter Amanda was taking it pretty hard.  Times are tough, and I have to go where the jobs are.  She was trying, but leaving all of her friends and the only home she had known was tearing her apart.

(Amanda was her given name.  The only time I used it was when she was in deep trouble.  As she was a very good girl, I hardly ever used it.  Her Friends and I usually called her Mandy, but if we were alone, I called her princess.  As she was an adorable child, she really was my princess.)

After my wife was killed by a drunk driver, Mandy and I tried to make the best of it.  She became Daddy's Girl as I tried to make up for the loss of her mother.  I tried to find jobs where I could be there for her.  The tech support job I finally got was a boon to us.  I could work from home with only a small amount of time spent at the company offices.  I would work out of the house, making service calls to companies, most within an hours drive.

Unfortunately, the company had problems and had to file bankruptcy.  Through contacts in the business, I found a similar job in Ann Arbor, Michigan.  The only drawback was it was 1000 miles away from everything that Mandy was used to.  She would have to make new friends, go to a new school, and communicate with her grandparents via email and telephone instead of the weekly visits.

We were fortunate that we could make the move in June, giving her time to settle in before school started.  She did find a couple of girls in the neighborhood that she became friends with.  She became especially tight with Amy, who also had lost her mother at a young age.  I think sharing a common situation drew them toward each other.  I got to know her father Roger quite well also.  From the times that I spent at their house, I noticed that father and daughter had a very close relationship.

By the time school started, they were almost inseparable.  Amy was either at our house or Mandy was at theres.  I also thought that Mandy was becoming more touchy-feely, hugging and kissing me whenever she could.  I quite didn't know what to do.  She was at that age where she was becoming a woman instead of a little girl, and I thought I should try to discourage her from being so physical with me.  I was in a dilemma, not wanting to hurt her as I was the only close family any more, but I didn't want anything to start.

Her choice of clothing around the house was starting to be a problem.  She would wear a tee shirt and skimpy panties when she was at home.  Her breasts had just started to develop and the tee's did little to hide her nipples.  Her buttocks were filling out, and when she would lay on the floor to watch TV, there was little to hide them.  It was worse when Amy was over, as now there were two of them.

Just before school started, we had a bad storm.  There were tornado warnings out.  Wind howled and lightning flashed.  About 9:00 PM, the power went out.  We had been watching TV.  When the lights went out, she jumped into my lap.  I gently held her, but she held on with a death grip.  She was squirming in my lap with her face buried in my chest.  Her buttocks wiggling on my lap caused a raging hardon.  I was embarrassed, but I didn't say anything.  I tried to move so she wasn't sitting on my cock, but she wouldn't let go so I could move.  All of a sudden, I felt the familiar thrill.  Her rubbing on me was causing me to cum.  I stiffened, and my cum came rushing out.  

"Daddy, what happenned?  Did I hurt you?  Did you pee?  I am all wet on my bottom."

"Dear, I need to explain things to you, but not tonight.  You are growing up and you need to know about these things.  But we need to do it when we are more relaxed.  Lets go to bed and we will talk later."

Daddy, I am scared.  Can I sleep with you tonight?"

"Just tonight.  I know it is scary out there."

We woke up the next morning.  The power had come back on during the night, so the morning was fairly normal.  I had several service calls because of the storm, so I called Roger and asked him to take care of Mandy for a few hours.  I had thoughts about last night, but put them out of my mind so I could tend to business.  The problems took longer to take care of than I expected, so I was grateful that Roger allowed Mandy to sleep over.  The quid pro quo was that I had to take care of both of them for the weekend.

Friday night was easy to prepare for.  I got a couple of movies that I knew they enjoyed and called out for pizzas.  I put on a robe over my skivvies to get comfortable.  After the pizza was gone and everything cleaned up, I started the movie.  I sat in my favorite chair and started to read my paper.  The girls were watching the TV and giggling between themselves.  I would look over as they were laying on the floor.  A couple of times, they started to giggle and I put the paper down and looked at them.  They turned away quickly, their faces red.  I think they were looking at me and discussing what I must look like under my robe.  Their tee shirts were riding up and I could see more and more of their thighs.  After a loud spate of giggles, I put the paper down and looked at them.  The little minxes had pulled their shirts up to their waists.  They were not wearing their normal underwear, but each had a pair of white thongs on, completely baring their buttocks to me.  They both looked at me, smiling.

"That's enough.  It's bedtime for you two."

"Aww, Dad, why?"

"That's unladylike.  I need to have a long talk with you, but not tonight.  Get upstairs and go to bed now."

Mandy and Amy got up, their shirts falling into a more modest position.  Grumbling, they went upstairs to Mandy's room.  I knew I needed to talk with her.  She always was very touchy-feely with me, but now I think she was trying to seduce me.  Was this conscious on her part?  I had to put a stop to this as she was starting to become a very good looking teenager and I might not be able to resist.  The sight of two naked butts had given me a raging hardon that I needed to take care of.

Saturday was a better day.  We went to a local water park for the afternoon.  I figured that something like this would tire them out and we would not have a repeat of last night.  I dropped Amy off at 6:00 and we went home.  Mandy was tired, and after a couple hours of TV, she went up to bed.

The next week went by quickly, with my work and Mandy preparing to go back to school.  In between work assignments, we managed to get her new clothes and school supplies.  Neither of us mentioned the previous Friday night, but we both knew that discussion was coming soon.

A couple days later, I came home to an empty house.  A note told me that Mandy was spending the night at Amy's.  It was  nice as I could catch up on some personal email.  I sat down at my computer and turned it on.  When it had came up, a box popped up showing an external memory was attached.  Curious, I clicked on the contents.  There was a file marked "Chloe" and a folder marked "I love my Daddy".  I clicked on "Chloe" and the video player loaded.

The video started and there was a young girl about Mandy's age that I recognized as one of her new friends.  She was in what appeared to be her house.  She faced the camera and said, "I love my Daddy and he loves me.  I will show you just how much we love each other."

A door behind her opened and a man about my age walked in.  I assumed that he was her father.  She hugs him and kisses him in a very un-daughterly way.  He returns the kiss just as lustfully.  They break the kiss and she says, "Daddy, I love you so much."  She kneels in front of him and pulls his zipper down.  She reaches in and pulls his hard cock out of his pants.  She slowly kisses the head before she sucks it in her mouth.  She procedes to give him a very sensual blow job.

"Princess, I'm cumming!", is all he could say.

She puts her arms around his ass, pulling him tighter into her mouth.  She gags a little as his penis stiffens, spurting his cum deep into her throat.  A little escapes her lips, running down her chin.  After a few minutes, she lets his softening cock slip from her lips.  She wipes the cum from her chin and licks it off of her hand.  

"Princess, that was wonderful.  Let me make you feel good, too."

He picks her up and lays her on the table.  He raises her legs up and spreads them, exposing her pantyless pussy.  She has just a small patch of hair on her mound.  He buries his face in her slit, licking her from her mound to her asshole.

"OH, DADDY!  THAT FEELS SO GOOD!", she cried.

She pulls his head into her crotch and thrusts against his face.  All of a sudden she stiffens, obviously having a very intense orgasm.  He keeps licking her until she relaxes.  

She stands up and hugs her father.  "OH, Daddy, you always make me feel so good!"  As she kisses him again, the picture fades.

My mind was spinning.  Is this what Mandy wanted?  Was she trying to seduce me?  I knew that only she could have left this memory stick in my computer.

I clicked on the other folder.  It contained several JPEG's.  I clicked on the first.  It was Chloe sitting on her father's lap.  They were both smiling at the camera.  They were both naked and you could see his penis buried deep into her pussy.  The second and third were the same, but with different girls and their fathers.  These girls all seemed to be about Mandy's age, with barely budding breasts and very little, if any hair on their mounds.  I clicked on the fourth one and got the surprise of my life.  It was Amy and Roger in the same pose.  They appeared to be thoroughly enjoying the situation.

Is this what Mandy and Amy talked about?  Is this what they were giggling about when they were looking at me?  I really needed to have that talk with her before things got out of hand.  I took the memory stick out of the computer and put it into my pocket.  

I finished up my work and went to bed.  I was tossing and turning thinking about what I had saw on my computer.  My daughter had put it there for me to see.  That is what really bugged me.  It seemed like all of her friends were fucking their fathers.  I see now that she had been coming on to me, especially the other night when she and Amy bared their asses to me.  Did she want to fuck me, too?  It sure seemed that way.

The next day I woke up and cancelled all of my appointments.  I knew Mandy would be home about nine or so.  I had a small breakfast and I waited for her.

She came bouncing in the door right after I had cleaned up the kitchen.  "Sit down, Honey."

Yes, Dad?"

I pulled the memory stick out of my pocket.  "What is this?"

"Pictures of my friends."

"And WHAT are they doing?"

"They are making love to their daddies.  What is so bad about that?  I love you and I want to make love to you too.  I want to love you just like my friends love their daddies."

Then she dropped the bomb.  "Just the way Mom loved her daddy.  She told me about it after I walked in on you and her making love one night.  She sat me down the next day and explained everything.  She told me that sex was for two people who loved each other very much.  She also told me that when the time was right, you would make love to me just as her daddy had made love to her."

Cheryl had told me about her and her father.  When she was pregnant with Mandy, we went to visit her parents.  One day we spent the afternoon poolside.  Since we had privacy, we all shucked our clothes.  After a while, Cheryl and her father got frisky and started making love like it was the most natural thing in the world.  To them, it was.  Her mother and I watched them, getting frisky ourselves.  I ended up making love to her mother as they watched.

"Mandy, why do you want me?  I am sure you are getting all of the sex you want."

"Daddy, although my girlfriends and I have given each other orgasms with our fingers and tongues, I haven't had anyone make love to me.  I have always loved you and I want you to be my first lover."

I was in a fog, but Mandy knew exactly what she wanted.  She climbed on my lap, putting her arms around me, and kissing me.  Not a chaste peck, but a full open mouthed kiss.  She slipped her tongue in my mouth and rubbed it on my teeth and tongue.  She squirmed her butt on my cock, causing it to get hard.  

"Oh Daddy, you do love me."  She hopped off of my lap, kneeling before me and gripping my now rock hard cock.  Before I could react, she had my pants unzipped and my cock in her mouth.  I have no idea which of her friends taught her so well, but her lips were fantastic.  She only had the head in her mouth, but her tongue was working like a windshield wiper.  She would lick all over the head and then stick the tip in my peehole.  Her hands were gently massaging my balls or stroking my perineum.  

"Princess, I'm cumming!"  I tried to push her head away, but she held on.  She wanted me to cum in her mouth!  "OH, Mandy!"  I moaned as I shot deep into her mouth.  She held her lips tight to my cock until I had finished squirting, then she sucked hard to get all of my cum out of the shaft.  

As I softened, she let it slip from her lips.  I saw her swallow as she stood, looking at me.  She threw her arms around me again, kissing me full on the lips.  She slipped her tongue in my mouth and I could taste my cum in her mouth.  "Daddy, that was fantastic!"

"Princess, that was wonderful.  It's my turn to make you feel good."  I picked her up and laid her on the couch.  She lay back, raising her butt and putting her legs in the air, allowing me to remove her panties.  I removed them gently, like unwrapping a precious gift.  Spreading her legs, I looked at her virginal pussy.  A puffy mound with a slight covering of downy hair.  Her slit was slightly open and covered with her juices.  I knelt between her legs and kissed her inner thigh.  I licked up her juices and worked my way toward her pussy.  As I started to tongue her outer lips, she grabbed my head and pulled me into her crotch.  My tongue parted her inner lips and found her opening.  I stuck my tongue as far as I could, trying to get all of her nectar.  She started to buck against my face, so I worked my way to her clit.  It was not hard to find as it was engorged and protruding from its hood.  As I sucked it into my mouth, she stiffened in orgasm.  I felt a small gush of liquid squirting out of her pussy onto my chin.  She relaxed and I lapped up her cunt juices.  Nice, I thought.  A squirter, just like her mother.

"Daddy, that was the best ever!!"

I thought you had orgasms with your friends."

"Yes, but nothing like this.  Daddy, this is the first time I ever squirted.  Mommy told me if I had a good lover, they could make me do that."

She stood up and removed the rest of her clothes.  I she stood before me, waiting.  "Well?"

"Well, what?"

Aren't you going to take your clothes off?"

I stripped, letting her get a good look at my body.

"Daddy, you are the most handsome guy I know."

I sat on the couch and she sat on my lap.  "I love you 'Daddy.  Are you ready to make love to me?"

Having concentrated on her pleasure, I did not notice till now that my cock was rock hard again.  I knew she felt it as she was rubbing her ass on me as she was kissing me.  "Daddy, will you make love to me now?"

"This may hurt a little, Princess."

"I know.  My friends told me about it.  I still want to do it with you."

"Raise yourself up, Dear."  I positioned my cock at the entrance to her vagina and slid the head in.  I felt the resistance of her cherry.  "I'll let you control the penetration."

"Oh Daddy, it hurts!"

"Only for a few seconds."

"It feels so tight.  Its stretching me."

"Just push down.  It will only hurt for a few seconds, then it will feel nice."

She shoved down hard on my cock and I felt her hymen tear.  She gave out a gasp of pain.  "Daddy, it hurts!"

"Just relax and don't move for a few minutes."

She was sitting on my lap with my cock fully buried in her pussy.  I pulled her to me and kissed her.  She eased up off of me just a bit to return the kiss.  The friction from her pussy was wonderful.

OH, DADDY, that felt wonderful!"

She tentatively pushed down on my cock.  She slowly began thrusting her hips.  She was tight and the sensation was fantastic.  She soon found a slow, comfortable rhythm and soon was bouncing on my cock just like Cheryl would.  

Princess, I am going to cum!"

"Daddy, I am too!"

Her pussy started to spasm, and I could not hold back.  I thrust deeply into her and squirted my cum.  She clasped me to her and literally shook through her orgasm.  We held each other tight in the after glow of our climaxes.

She slid off of my lap and snuggled next to me.  "That was wonderful, Daddy.  This is way better then Mom described it."

"Yes, there is nothing better than when two people who love each other give each other pleasure."

"Daddy?"

"Yes, dear?"

"When can we go visit Gramma and Grampa?"
