The Garden Centre Of Eden
by CloudCuckoo

- 6 -

Before I knew it, National Nude Day little more than a fortnight away. Then things started to go wrong.

Firstly, my aging car gave up the ghost, and Jimmy at the workshop I used told me it would cost more to repair than it was worth. I needed a couple of thousand dollars for a new car which was money I didn't have. Fortunately, I was able to get a lift to and from work from either Francine, who it turned out lived a couple of blocks away, or Gill, another middle-aged lady who worked mainly on the tills, and by juggling these offers I could manage most days without being late arriving or leaving. Just once I had to walk, and as it was about a mile and a half I was glad not to do it too often -- it wasn't that it was a long way, I could manage that far easily enough, but by the end of the afternoon when I was walking home it was pretty warm for that, and not enough parts of the walk in shade.

At the time I was also helping to set up the Church Sale. I would spend evenings there helping to sort through the donated items in the Church storeroom ready for the sale on Saturday. I discovered that Abe was back from college, and no less leering and oversexed than before he went. Needless to say I got asked to go with him in his car to collect last minute donations on Thursday evening. As soon as we were alone in the car he resumed his campaign of trying to have sex with me.

"So, Eve, still a virgin?"

"None of your business!" I snapped. I'd obviously developed a bit more backbone since last time.

He smirked. "Got a boyfriend?"

"Yes thank you, so keep your distance!"

Unfortunately I wasn't good at lying. "I'll take that as a no, then! Let me introduce you to sex -- you'll enjoy it, and wish you'd let me sooner!"

"I'd rather have sex with a tramp off the streets than with you!"

"I'm sure I can persuade you sooner rather than later," and he gave a sneering laugh. I wondered what he meant.

Then on Friday after the garden centre closed, Luke had those working on Sunday for the Nude Day event in for what he called a "Dressed Rehearsal". We went through our places and tasks for the day, and rehearsed what to do about customers who got overwhelmed by the event, either morally or sexually. I was to be on the door, greeting visitors, explaining the day and the offers, and showing them where to disrobe if they wanted to, with Adam also helping, so we had cover for the mens' and ladies' changing rooms. These were areas just inside the door normally used for displaying sales goods, conveniently placed near the café with its rest rooms. They had been converted with the aid of screens and equipped with seats and plastic crates to store the clothes, and there'd be a staff member in each to look after things there.

So I'd be the first naked woman they would see on arrival! The thought send a frisson of fear and excitement through me. I later found out that Marijka had suggested this to Luke -- the crafty fox! Marijka herself was to be in the car parking lot, directing people and warning them of nudity inside.

"So you won't be naked then?" I asked in surprise. "Wait and see!" was all she would say.

After the Dressed Rehearsal was done, Luke came up and took me by the arm and steered me into a quiet corner.

"Eve, er.." he said, uncharacteristically tongue-tied. I thought he was going to ask me to do something for Nude Day which he thought I wouldn't like doing.

"Luke, it's ok, whatever it is you are about to ask me!"

He seemed to pluck up his courage. "Ok, then, I was going to say I've really enjoyed us working together on this project, and wondered if... er... perhaps we could go out to dinner to say thanks? Maybe on Wednesday? I'd really, um, like to get to know you better."

I smiled and took his hand. "Thank you Luke, I've really enjoyed it too, and I'd love to have dinner."

Luke beamed and said, "Great! I'll firm up the details nearer the time!" and then before I knew what was happening, he leaned forward and gave me a brief kiss, and before I could react, spun around and rushed off.

I felt my lips tingling and my heart beating. Could Luke really be interested in me like that? I'd been enjoying his company more and more, but I was trying not to fall for him as I was sure that would result in disappointment.

The next few days passed in a kind of dream. Luke and I had little contact at work, both of us busy with our separate tasks, but whenever we did meet, we both had big smiles on our faces. I felt more excited about dinner with him and what it might lead to than about Nude Day. I told Marijka of course, and she was triumphant. "See, I told you he was keen on you!"

Saturday came round, and unusually I wasn't working at Mow & Grow, having taken the day off to help out at the Church Sale. It went pretty well, and even better, I found four second hand gardening books and a casserole dish I thought I'd get myself. When I did the cashing up, I found we'd raised some $4,000, which was very good. I put the coins in a bag, and the notes in a bank envelope with a slip totalling the amount, and left it on Pastor Brown's desk with a yellow post-it note addressed to the Pastor and a comment to the effect of a good amount for the cause. I noticed Abe had watched me do this, and when I came out and went to pick up the rather heavy cardboard box with my purchases in, he came over and said, "Are you still on foot? That's too heavy for you to carry home."

I was a bit surprised at his apparent helpfulness. "I'm sure I can manage, but thanks."

"No you can't, that's quite a weight. Give me fifteen minutes and I'll run you home."

I felt I couldn't refuse, it was a big help after all. Whilst I was waiting, I saw Pastor Brown as he was passing and told him how much we'd raised and what I'd done with the money; he was of course very pleased and thanked me for my efforts and contribution.

After a little while, Abe came out with one of his mates in tow, an equally oily and unpleasant young man called Gerry. They got in the front and I got in the back, with my box in the trunk.

We arrived at my house, and Gerry got the box and they both walked me to my door. I got my keys and opened it, and Gerry said, "Where do you want me to put these?" I led him to my lounge and said to put them by the bookcase there. Abe had followed us in. "What a day! I don't know about you Gerry, but I could do with a drink!" and they both looked at me. I felt trapped, and offered a beer, which they both accepted with alacrity. I went to the fridge in the kitchen, there were just two beers left, so I brought them through to the lounge. They were both lolled in armchairs, and took the beers, leaned towards each other and clinked the bottles, and took a swig.

"Nice place you have here!" said Abe. He got up and wandered around the room as if inspecting it. He paused by a side table against the wall with my purse on it where I'd dropped it when we came in. "What's this?" he said. I saw there was the corner of an envelope sticking out the top. Abe grasped the corner and pulled the envelope out. I saw with horror it was the bank envelope containing the cash which I'd left on Pastor Brown's desk.

Abe was smirking openly. "This must be just the right amount of money to get you that used car you need," he said triumphantly. "I reckon my Pa will want to call the police about this. What do you think, Gerry?"

"For sure, Abe," he said with a grin. I realised why Gerry was with us and that this was a set-up. I could guess what would happen next.

"Of course, we could just quietly return this and keep quiet," Abe said musingly, "if we had a reason to... You know what I want, if you give it to me I'll be very discreet!" I remained silent, partly out of shock that this was happening, and partly because I couldn't think how to get out of this. I could deny it all and point the finger at Abe, but Pastor Brown was hardly likely to believe me over his doted son. I tried to play for time.

"I'll have to think this through, give me a couple of days and I'll give you an answer on Monday," I said.

"Oh no, I don't give you time to weasel out of this. I need an answer now. Before Pa misses the money."

"OK," I said, "you leave me no choice. It will have to be Thursday, that's my day off this coming week, and not here. You sort out where." I couldn't believe I was saying this, and hoped it bought me enough time to figure out how to get out of this without being branded a thief.

"See, that wasn't so hard! I'll give this back to my Pa and tell him you left it with me to give him."

"I think I'd like you both to leave now."

"OK, we were just going, weren't we Gerry?"

They got up slowly and walked to the door. "I'll call you and tell you where and when. Make sure you are hot and ready!"

As I was shutting the door behind them, I heard Abe say as they were opening the car doors,

"Thanks buddy, I owe you one."

I shut the door and burst into tears. What was I to do? I sobbed as I tried to think. I knew I'd been set up but there was no way to prove it. I couldn't see a way ahead without bedding Abe, which would be nothing short of rape. At least with violent rape you don't have a few days to anticipate it.

When I had almost stopped sobbing I called Marijka. Perhaps she would have an idea.

She answered almost immediately. "Hey Eve, how are you doing? Church sale go well?"

"The sale went fine, but afterwards..." and starting to recount the events I broke down again. Marijka told me to stay put and she'd be round in five minutes. She was as good as her word.

I opened the door to her and flung my arms round her neck and started crying again. Marijka bundled me to the sofa, sat me down and slowly got the story out of me. "Let me get you some tea, and I'll think what to do," she said. I went with her into the kitchen and sat on a stool, and pointed out where to find the mugs and teabags.

"Right," she said when she had finished making the tea, "I've got a couple of ideas, let me work on them and see if they might work. Don't worry, I won't let this happen. We'll talk again very soon."

We talked some more and then Marijka got up to go. I hugged her again on the doorstep and thanked her profusely for her help.

"Hey, what are friends for? Now you get some sleep and remember, this will work out, I'm sure."

I was feeling a lot better, but still in the absence of a plan, I couldn't sleep for the worry.

Next day, I went into work a physical wreck. I had bags under my eyes, and they were still a bit red from the crying I'd done from time to time during the night. When I got there, Luke asked me to help him count some of the low stock items in the garden supplies shop. When we got there, he said with a big grin,

"I've booked us a table at Fred's, can I pick you up at seven?"

With what had happened, I'd forgotten about dinner with Luke. How could I go out on what I hoped would be a date, and then have sex with someone else the next day?

"I'm sorry, Luke, I can't go out with you, I..." and bursting into tears, I rushed off and hid in the Ladies' rest room. My world was falling apart. I was branded a thief, blackmailed into having sex with an odious oick, and my hoped-for relationship with Luke was over before it started. I couldn't stay. I put on some dark glasses from my purse, came out and bumped into Marijka.

"Marijka, can you do me a favour? I'm not feeling well, I'm going home, can you tell Luke?" I turned and hurried off, hearing her calling behind me but not stopping.

It was a long walk home but it helped me stop crying. When I got home, I just curled up on the settee, put a golden oldies radio station on loud enough to block out the noises inside my own head, and eventually fell asleep despite the radio, no doubt since I'd slept so little the previous night.

Some time in the early afternoon, I woke up and realised that as well as the radio blaring, the phone was ringing. It was Marijka.

"Eve, are you ok? Are you ill?"

"I'm a bit better, thanks. It was just that, well, with everything, and I couldn't go out with Luke because of it, it all got on top of me."

"Well, Eve, you are not to worry, I've sorted out a plan, we'll get you out of this. I'll be round this evening to explain it all. It's going to work out Eve, no way we'll let you do this!"

I allowed myself just a smidgeon of hope.

Then a couple of hours later the phone rang again, and it was Abe.

"Looking forward to our little tryst?" he said smarmily.

"Just tell me where and what time, and spare me the small talk."

"Now then, don't get all uppity, you need to relax and enjoy it! I'll pick you up at seven o'clock Thursday evening."

"And where are we going?"

"I've booked a room at the Holiday Inn Express."

"No expense spared then, you really know how to make a girl feel good."

He laughed. "You'll feel good, I promise," he said. I hung up.

Around seven thirty, the doorbell rang, and when I opened the door to my surprise Marijka was there with Dan and Luke. And before I could manage more than a feeble hello, Luke stepped forward and swept me into his arms for a hug.

"Eve, why didn't you tell me what was going on? You shouldn't have to deal with this on your own! Dammit, I would make sure this ridiculous blackmail never took place!"

Marijka stepped forward and took over. "Eve, let's all go and sit down round a table, and we'll explain to you what we are going to do."

She explained that she had gone to Luke to pass on my message, and found him distraught with worry. She gave him the full background, and they discussed what to do, and they came up with the plan, which was where Dan came in. It seems Dan's company was a supplier to Mow & Grow, and he and Luke knew each other well.

"Now Dan sells security equipment -- CCTV and other monitoring gear. So what we are going to do is get one of Dan's miniature microphones and transmitter hidden in your clothing. Dan will be stationed outside, and you need to have a conversation with creepy Abe that spills the beans. Make sure he reacts to it as we know he will, and make it completely clear you don't want to have sex with him, that he is coercing you because you can't prove your innocence. Don't worry about this for now, I'll rehearse it all with you. Dan will record it all, and once we have what we need, we'll come in. Do you know where he's meeting you?"

"The Holiday Inn Express, he's picking me up at seven."

Dan brightened up, "That's good, I know the manager there, Sandra Fielding, I'll explain the situation to her and I'm sure she'll help us interrupt his seduction attempt!"

"OK then," Marijka continued, "we'll come round here at say five thirty to set up the equipment in your clothing, and to rehearse what's going to happen. Is that OK with you two?" She looked at Luke and Dan. They both agreed immediately, and Luke added, "Whatever it takes to take this problem away!"

They got up to go and I saw them to the door. Luke paused at the door, and said quietly, "I'll put the dinner booking back to next week, when you are over all this. We'll celebrate liberating you from this nasty piece of work, and celebrate a successful Nude Day event as well! Now don't worry any more, we'll take care of this." And with that he cupped my face in his hands and gave me a gentle kiss. I broke it after a few seconds and hugged him again. The tears were flowing again. "Thanks Luke for believing in me and helping me." I watched him go with renewed hope.


- 7 -

On Thursday, I spent the day at work, but I'm not sure I contributed much to the business. I was as nervous as a kitten, kept going over what was coming and the briefing and rehearsal I'd had with Marijka. I kept forgetting things, dropping things and was generally a hindrance to everybody else.

Eventually, a little after four in the afternoon, Marijka came to find me.

"Come on, Luke says go home now and get ready. I'm running you home."

That was a relief, I wanted to get going with this, it was really hanging over me like the sword of Damocles.

She took me home and we had a discussion about what I should wear.

"I think you should be clean, tidy but not glamorous. Ordinary everyday clothes. You need to wear something loose on top, your wire will be attached to your bra."

We looked through my wardrobe (which, let's face it, doesn't take long) and settled on jeans with a button-up blouse. Although it was a warm day, I agreed to put a tee shirt under the blouse. It meant that there was no way the bug would show through, and if he tried to undress me there'd be plenty of time for the cavalry to arrive before he could expose the bug.

Then we had a bit of a wait for the men to arrive. Marijka insisted I made some tea and I got out some bought cakes -- I hadn't felt like baking in a while. I wasn't hungry, but Marijka tucked in. She was very chatty about all sorts of things, particularly gossip from work -- was Adam keen on one of the girls from the café? -- and I realised she was keeping me occupied so I didn't think about the ordeal to come.

Soon enough the men arrived in quick succession. Dan had some news: he'd called Sandra and explained the situation, and she offered to set aside a room to put the bug in, so I wouldn't need to wear one. He'd already been and set it all up. He got his phone out.

"Let me take a picture of you to send to her, Abe might not check in under his real name, and we want to ensure he's in the right room. You'll just need to make sure it's obvious you are with him when he's registering."

So I posed and he texted the image to Sandra.

"Now, this room is one of those with a door into the adjacent room. Luke and I, and I guess Sandra as well, will be in there, I'll have the receiver and the recording equipment, I'll be using headphones and we'll need to keep quiet so he doesn't suspect anything, but my guess is he'll be so focused on what he thinks is an easy lay that he won't be suspicious. We'll head off shortly to be in position."

"I'll stay in my car across the street to let them know when he's made the pickup," Marijka chimed in. "So, anyone got any questions? Everyone clear on what is happening?" Nods and assents all round.

"OK then," said Luke, "I guess Dan and I can set off now."

I saw them to the door, and Marijka said she'd stay a bit longer.

"Have you got anything to drink? It might help settle your nerves."

I realised I hadn't. I'd been so preoccupied that I hadn't done a proper weekly shop for a while. Then I remembered I had some Scotch in a cupboard kept for visitors -- I don't really like the stuff myself -- and Marijka found it and poured me a tot.

"I know you don't like it, but drink it. There's not enough there to impair your judgement, and you'll feel better."

I did as she said, shuddering as the pungent liquid burned its way down. She was right though, I felt a little steadier.

With about twenty minutes to go, Marijka left after giving me a hug and telling me it would all be OK. I really hoped so, but I was pretty much on edge despite the whisky. I saw her get into her car and reverse thirty or forty yards down the road, and settle down to wait. I went inside and sat by the front window. She hadn't left any too soon, Abe pulled up about five minutes later. Obviously he was keen.

I took my time answering the doorbell.

"You're early," I said curtly. He gave one of his oily smirks.

"Don't want to keep a lovely lady waiting when she's in for a treat," he said. I snorted derisively. He moved towards me as if to kiss me.

"Oh no," I said, "you want sex, that's all you'll get!"

"We'll see," he replied undaunted, "once I get you going it will all be different!"

"Come on then, let's get this over with."

He stepped back onto the porch and made a grand sweeping gesture. "This way!"

He took my elbow and steered me to his car, and started to drive away. As we passed Marijka's car, I saw she was on the phone, doubtless to the men.

It was almost fifteen minutes to the Holiday Inn Express, the traffic was quite busy. Abe parked up and we walked into reception. There was a lady standing in the background, and as we approached, she stepped forward and murmured something to the receptionist, who got up and went into the back room. She greeted us and said, "How can I help you?" I saw she was wearing a name badge, this was Sandra. She was well groomed with full make-up, shoulder length wavy straw blonde hair, and looked very professional. She certainly made me feel confident. I caught her eye and although there was nothing said and no gesture, it was clear she knew who I was.

"I have a reservation under the name of Wayne Evans," Abe said. It was all I could do not to laugh out loud.

"Yes, Mr. Evans," she said briskly, "One night, yes? Please fill in the registration. How will you be settling the account?"

"Cash," said Abe, pulling out his wallet.

The formalities completed, Sandra handed over the little folder with the keycard.

"Thank you sir, you are in room 213, it's on the second floor. The elevator is just in front of us here. Enjoy your stay."

We took the elevator in silence. Abe opened the door to 213 and ushered me in. I stood by the door and he went over and sat on the bed. He patted the bed beside him. I shook my head.

"I don't think I can do this."

"Come on honey, I don't want to have to tell my father I found four thousand dollars of the church's money in your home, do I? You know he has a zero tolerance when it comes to crimes against the church. He'll call the police and they will charge you for sure, the evidence is compelling."

"And I will tell them you planted the money to blackmail me."

"Really? Perhaps I did, perhaps I didn't. But you can't prove that, it will just look like an attempt to wriggle out of the charge."

"But you did plant it. I didn't bring it home, so it must have been you. Or your mate Gerry."

"But I didn't see Gerry put it there. I'm sure Gerry didn't see me put it there. We both saw me find it."

"OK, so what guarantee do I have that if I have sex with you, that's an end to it?"

"I'll be happy with one night with you. No doubt after that you'll want more, but I doubt I will!" He smirked unpleasantly.

"So just to make it clear: if I have sex with you, just this once, you won't tell your father you found the money you planted?"

"That's about the level of it. So are you going to or not?"

"You are blackmailing me into having sex by means of a false accusation. How can you live with that?"

"I'm just encouraging you to indulge in a little fun. And you can't prove it, and I can prove the money was found in your house. So it's your word against mine, and I have a witness." He got up and came towards me. I backed up to the door as he stopped in front of me.

"OK," I said, trying my best to sound compliant, "I can see I've got no choice. I'll do it, but for my own satisfaction, was it you or Gerry that planted the money?"

"Right decision! Well, since you told me the money was on my father's desk, it was easy to pick it up before I came out to take you home." He reached forward and started to undo the buttons on my blouse. "And then it was easy to get you to leave the room whilst I dropped it into the top of your purse. I told Gerry to look away so he could honestly say he didn't see anything." He reached the bottom of the buttons, and started to pull the blouse down off my arms.

Then all hell broke loose.

I heard the click in the door behind me and it burst open. Of course, I was stupidly positioned right behind it, so I was catapulted into Abe, and he fell backwards with me on top. Somehow in all of this my face hit his head or arm or something, and all I was conscious of for a minute was a blinding pain in my nose. There was a lot of noise and shouting, somebody pulled me off but I had both hands holding my nose and didn't see what was going on. There was scuffling and Dan shouted, "Luke! Leave him, that's enough!"

I realised it must be Marijka holding me, as she suddenly said, "Eve, are you alright? Where are you hurt?" and tried to pull my hands away from my face.

"Oh, my nose!" I moaned. Marijka called out, "Sandra, I need something for the bleeding!" I realised my nose was gushing blood. Sandra was there in a moment with a hand towel from the bathroom. "Use this," she said. "We get a lot worse than bloodstains in a hotel!"

Things quietened down. Sandra it turned out had first aid training as part of her job, and examined me gently. "I don't think it's broken," she said, "keep the towel there until the bleeding stops. Your nose will be sore for a day or two but I don't think there's anything worse."

I dragged my attention away from the throbbing in my nose to where Abe was still on the floor on his back with Luke sitting on his chest. I noted with satisfaction that Abe seemed to be sporting the beginnings of a shiner.

Marijka took charge. "Right Abe, it's like this. We have this room bugged, and a recording of you admitting to planting the money and blackmailing Eve to have sex with you. I don't know about the States, but in the Netherlands procuring sex by coercion is a criminal offence akin to rape. I guess the police here will form their own view on what laws have been broken."

"Hell, no, wait, I didn't mean to harm Eve, I wasn't going to rape her, just have some fun. Please don't involve the police! I'll do anything you want..."

"Well, Eve, what do you think we should do with him?"

I tried to think, although my nose was throbbing and I was I think a little bit in shock. I didn't want to land him with a jail term, he was an unpleasantly smarmy sort but he wouldn't physically hurt anyone. I think he was just a bit rebellious at his strict upbringing.

"Abe, do you solemnly promise, on the bible if necessary, never to attempt to force a girl into sex ever again?"

"Sure, anything, if you don't tell the police."

"Do you have any idea what misery you've caused me? Tears and sleepless nights? Well, we'll sit on this recording, but if you ever cross the line again, I'll make a formal complaint and make sure this gets to the police. I'll leave it to you to decide what if anything you tell your father, and I'll decide later if I tell him anything. Let him up, Luke!"

Luke reluctantly stood up and stepped away from Abe, who scrambled to his feet.

"Let's go home," I said. I turned to go out of the room. As I did so, Abe called out, "Eve?" I turned. "I... I'm sorry, I didn't mean for you to get hurt, I thought you'd enjoy having sex, it's not as if you have a boyfriend after all."

"Oh, but I do," I said, and held out a hand to Luke, who jumped forward and took it. That might have been a lovely moment had I not still got the towel held to my nose with the other hand. The bleeding had all but stopped.

After profuse thanks all round -- I later arranged for flowers to be sent to Sandra, and gave Marijka a bottle of good Scotch to give to Dan -- I let Marijka take me home. Luke wanted to but I said no, I wanted to get over this evening, and anyway my nose was too sore for kissing. Luke told me firmly to take a couple of days off, so my first day back would be the big day...


- 8 -

National Nude Day dawned bright and sunny, it promised to be perfect weather -- plenty of blue sky, warm but not too hot, with a light breeze. To get myself in the mood, I decided not to dress at all for breakfast, and so brazenly went into the kitchen after showering and sat at the table for my muesli in my birthday suit. To my surprise I'd actually slept pretty well -- the nose was no longer sore, I felt I'd put the trauma behind me, I'd realised I had good friends to turn to in time of trouble, and I was confident there was no longer a sword of Damocles suspended over me and I could focus on the day ahead.

I got ready as usual, except without clothes, and at the last minute I slipped my Mow & Grow shirt, cap and shorts on with no underwear. It felt very illicit. Francine arrived to pick me up and with a cheery greeting I got into her car.

"So, Eve, ya lookin' forward to git nekkid?" she said with an exaggerated accent and a wink.

"Yes, to my surprise, I think I am. And you?"

"Hell, I ain't bothered one way or the other. I know I ain't no oil paintin', but you take me as you find me. Some men like 'em big you know!" and she gave one of her hearty laughs. Francine always seemed to be able to lift my mood.

We pulled into the staff car park at Mow & Grow, and went in the rear entrance and through to the front. The only person we saw was Debbie from the café, who waved and called out "Happy Nude Day!" -- she was apparently naked but had on her café apron. "Hey, that's cheatin'!" Francine called back with a grin.

We went into the ladies staff room and I gripped the bottom of my shirt. Here goes, I thought, but I'm ready for this. And with a deep breath, I pulled it over my head and undid and dropped my shorts. I popped them into my locker and turned to see Francine magnificently naked, big but firmer and less flabby than I'd expected. "Here goes!" she said and we high fived.

We went out through the door, and bumped into Luke. He was already nude.

"Hey, Luke," said Francine, "very nice! You should do this more often!" and she gave another hearty dirty laugh. Luke looked a bit discomfited. I looked him over, he was the first real live man I'd seen naked, and I liked what I saw. Fit, well muscled without looking as though he spent all his time in the gym, and a good looking cock, uncircumcised. I suddenly realised he was looking at me too, and with an expression I couldn't quite fathom. He suddenly said, "Great, you ladies look great, er, I'll see you later," and rushed off.

"I don't think he's used to seeing nekkid women!" laughed Francine. She went off to the cash desks and I went to the front entrance. Adam was already there, and I greeted him. We looked each other over, and he blushed -- I was proud of myself that I didn't. "All set?" I said, and he replied, "I guess so!"

I looked out the door: Marijka was in the car park, dressed in her normal Mow & Grow shirt and shorts, talking to a couple of customers who had already parked and were waiting for opening. I felt rather disappointed and, if I'm honest, a bit let down that she wasn't joining in the Nude Day event.

Soon opening time came. The first customers were a couple of men in their forties, and as they approached I felt my heart pounding. I took a deep breath.

"Hello, welcome to the Garden Centre of Eden! Here's how today works..." and I went through the rehearsed spiel. They looked shocked, and declined to strip. I got a trolley for them and they set off to go round the displays.

There were others behind them. There was quite an early rush in fact. The second ones through were a married couple, who agreed to strip for the extra discount. I directed the guy and led the lady into the changing area and handed her over to another of my colleagues, Gillian, who was a redhead, and who had agreed to work the changing rooms so as to avoid too much sun.

And so the day began. We were certainly a whole lot busier than usual, and I wasn't keeping count but I reckoned probably more were stripping than not. I noticed the men generally gawped at seeing me naked when they came through the door -- despite all the notices and the publicity, I think many of them believed it was in some way a hoax, that they'd find us in body suits or with fig leaves or something. I surprised myself yet again by finding the inspections thrilling, not creepy or sexist.

It was getting on towards midday, and I was starting to look forward to being relieved from my stint on the door to have a break and get some lunch, when Luke came over with a TV cameraman and a lady impeccably dressed, fully made up, whom I recognised as a reporter with local TV news.

"Eve, this is Lucy Spellman from KYTV, she's doing a piece on our Nude Day opening. Will you do an interview? I'll cover on the door for a moment."

Wow, that was unexpected. I stammered my acceptance, and was led back to the bedding plants display for a suitable background. The cameraman set the camera on a tripod.

"OK Eve, now I'm going to ask you some questions about the event and how you feel about it. Don't worry about this going out on TV, they'll pixellate the naughty bits otherwise it would be too racy for a news broadcast! OK, are you ready?" I nodded.

"Ready Jim? OK, three, two one.... I'm talking to Eve Laidler, who has the job of meeting customers at the entrance and helping them get over the shock of a nude garden centre. Eve, what did you think when they asked you to do this?"

"Well, initially I couldn't believe it was for real, I thought it must be illegal or it would put people off coming, but when I realised it was going ahead, I have to admit it took a while to talk myself into it!"

"And how are you finding it now it is actually happening?"

"I'm really enjoying it! I've found that being nude feels natural, and seeing other people naked just strips pretence away, you have to be yourself, there's nowhere to hide. Why don't you try it? Shouldn't a reporter get into the feel of what she is investigating?"

I saw the cameraman starting to laugh and having to take his hands off the camera to avoid shaking it. Lucy seemed a bit fazed by the question. Then the cameraman said, "Yes Lucy, she's right, you should strip -- it'll make you a news legend!"

There was a pause of indecision. Then she said,

"Jim, camera on me... Well Eve, I guess you are right. Let's see what this is all about!" she paused, and then said to Jim, "But I expect you to as well!" Jim squirmed a bit but clearly the prospect of seeing Lucy naked got the better of him, and he agreed. I told them where to go to disrobe and agreed to wait by the camera.

In a few minutes they came back. It looked as though Lucy had taken a moment to blend the makeup down onto her chest, otherwise there would have been an obvious boundary between made-up and not made-up areas. She looked pretty statuesque. Jim, on the other hand, was a bit flabby and -- well, shrivelled.

"Right," said Lucy, "Camera on me first... So I've decided to try the customer experience here at the Nude Day event at Jackson's Mow & Grow. I'm talking to staff member Eve Laidler. OK Jim, camera on Eve again... Now, Eve, how are people reacting when they encounter you naked?"

"I think it's curiosity as much as anything, most people don't encounter other folks nude, and they are agog to see how they look and behave naked in a social situation."

"Have you had anyone behave improperly?"

"No, it's not as if it's a sexual situation, it's just normal everyday life where folks happen not to have any clothes!"

"Thank you Eve," Lucy said, and nodded to Jim. That clearly was that for the interview. "OK, now we need to get a few vox pop." She saw me looking a bit blank. "Street interviews, talk to some of your customers." Ah.

Just then a small group passed and saw and recognised Lucy. Someone produced a phone and took some snaps. Lucy sighed.

"That was my reservation about stripping here. I'm not a prude, but now those will be all over the internet, on celebrity nude websites, and so on. I've been looking for a way to cement a reputation for fearless reporting, and when you suggested I strip off, I thought this might be a way to do it. I'll certainly be remembered for it!"

"I think you are brave to do it as it were professionally. And I think people will admire your body as well as your composure," I said.

"Thanks Eve. Maybe I'll see you here again next year!"

She went off in search of customers to interview, and I went back to the front entrance, where Annie had taken over and told me to take my lunch break.

After lunch things got if anything even busier. The place was crowded with increasing proportions of naked customers, and I was kept too busy to take in the weirdness of the situation. Then mid-afternoon, who should approach the main entrance but Pastor Brown and Abe.

Pastor Brown came in with a face like thunder. He was trying not to look at me. Abe wasn't having the same problem, his eyes lit up and he openly leered at my breasts and pussy.

"Eve, I'm shocked and ashamed for you," said the Pastor. "I didn't think you'd indulge in such indecent and depraved activities!"

I seemed to have found some backbone and some self-confidence. "I'm sorry you should think that, Pastor, but I don't see anything indecent or depraved. Simple nudity is neither of those."

"It's an incitement to depravity, a temptation to indecent behaviour! Please stop it at once!"

"Pastor, before the apple, God walked in the garden with Adam and Eve whilst they were naked. Surely that must mean God condoned this behaviour. Take a look around here, you'll see plenty of nudity, but nobody is acting depraved. Anyway, have you come to get something here, or just to be a voyeur?" I shocked myself at my outspokenness.

Pastor Brown seemed shocked as well; at least, he was put out of his stride. "Ah, well, yes, I was going to pick up some more bedding plants, someone managed to reverse onto one of the flower beds on Saturday, so I need to replace them." Pastor Brown was very proud of his neat flower beds outside the church.

"Certainly," I said sweetly, "the bedding plants are down there and through those doors to the right. Please come back and let me know if you find anyone acting indecently or depraved and we'll ask them to leave." He glared at me and hurrumphed, but moved off.

"Abe," I said, "you can put your tongue away and close your mouth. Now you know what you will never have!" He made a contemptuous noise and an angry gesture and turned away. "What did she mean, you'll never have?" I heard the Pastor saying as they moved away. I smiled to myself as I wondered how Abe would answer that.

I wondered if I'd burned my boats at the Church. Strangely, it didn't feel bad. There are other churches after all.

Eventually we reached closing time, and everybody gathered in the main queuing area at checkout for an excited celebration of what we'd done. Luke appeared with a crate of bubbly and a couple of boxes of plastic wine glasses, and this was shared around. He clapped his hands and shouted,

"Listen up everybody! I just want to say a huge well done and thank you for your efforts today, and to say how really good you all look!" A laugh and a sudden babble of comments. Luke held up his hand and we all quietened down. "This has been more successful than my wildest dreams, and it's down to all of you! Besides the overtime, I'll be arranging a bonus for each of you who have helped, I won't say how much right now until we've sorted out the revenues. It's been a big boost to takings, and we are now the talk of the district thanks to all the publicity. Keep an eye on KYTV news tonight, I'm sure we'll be on! Enjoy the rest of the day and finish off the wine before you go!"

There was a big cheer and general applause. There was no doubt everyone was buzzing.

I had to admit that, although I wasn't aroused, I'd really enjoyed being naked in front of so many people. The nearest I can explain it is when you've had that first few sips of wine, and you get a slight pleasant buzz, but you clearly aren't yet tipsy; that's how it felt, a pleasant buzz rather than actual arousal.

I looked around and saw Marijka through the throng. She came towards me, with people keeping stopping her and exchanging words as she came, so I went to meet her halfway. As I got close I realised why so many folks were talking to her: what I had taken as her work clothes was in fact body paint. She'd had a very realistic shirt and shorts painted onto her naked skin, so she was in fact 'naked in plain sight' out in the parking lot.

"Hey Marijka, you crafty old soul, you got pole position to shock all incoming customers!"

"Yes, well, it was thought we couldn't be obviously naked out there in sight of the road, but as you can see, you can't tell until you are close, and even then you'll be amazed how many people still didn't realise!

"Anyway, I've got some great news for you! I don't know if you were aware, but it was so busy out there that some of the staff who were clothed in the private areas got roped in to help out in the parking lot. One of them brought a shopping cart with Pastor Brown's plants, and I helped them put these in the car. Incidentally, Pastor Brown was one of those who didn't realise I was naked, but I could tell Abe did. He couldn't take his eyes off my fanny! But the best bit was when I opened the door to let Abe get into the driver's seat -- it was Abe's car I presume -- and there was a post-it note on the floor down the side of the chair. I picked it up, and it was the note you'd left with the money! It couldn't have got there unless Abe had taken it. So I said, I think we know what this is Abe, he nodded, I said you shouldn't have dropped this, it's the final proof of attempting to coerce sex by blackmail, he paled. I said we'll keep this with the other evidence. Pastor Brown said, what's going on Abraham, and I left them to it. Although that's a conversation I'd love to have heard!"

"Oh, thank you so much!" I felt the tears welling up again, and flung my arms around Marijka for a hug. It was only then I remembered we were both still naked! I went to release her but she held the hug a moment longer, whispering "Time to reel in Luke -- he's hardly taken his eyes off you!"

I still couldn't really believe that was true. I had come to regard Luke as a real friend but he was my boss after all. Although he was pretty attractive, especially naked! And he had been trying to arrange a date.

Anyway, we mingled and chatted to each other, until eventually people were starting to leave. I caught Francine's eye.

"So Francine, did Ethan stop by?"

"He sure did, he was tickled pink that I was there on the checkout without a stitch!"

"Did he strip as well?"

"No, and I ain't gonna let him forget it! The coward!"

"Absolutely! Anyway, I still need to help Luke with the cashing up, so you head off, I'll get a lift with someone else or walk home, I'll be fine."

"OK Eve, see ya tomorrow. It will seem strange to come to work and be dressed!" We both laughed. Funny how this being naked thing had become natural so quickly.

So I went and found Luke and we got the cash drawers and the till rolls and took them through into the office.

It took us over an hour, checking and rechecking, and getting it put into a night deposit bag with all the bank forms filled in. Eventually it was done; Luke was ecstatic about the takings, which exceeded his most optimistic forecasts. It was certainly a whole lot more than I'd had to cash up before.

"So, Eve, have you got a car yet? No? Then let me run you home. I just need to go past the bank to drop this into the night deposit."

"Thanks, Luke, I'd appreciate that. It's been a long, busy and somewhat exciting day!" I looked at my watch, it was almost seven thirty.

"Let's go and get dressed, and I'll meet you at the staff car lot door in ten minutes."

I went back to the staff room and found my locker. I looked at my clothes for a bit, and thought what the hell, it's still Nude Day, and so I dropped the clothes in my bag and went to the rendezvous still naked. I amazed myself at how I'd adapted not just to being naked but to being confident in my skin in public. Little timid as a mouse me.

Luke arrived. "Wow Eve, are you going to be ok in the car like that?"

I beamed at him. "I'm prepared to risk it!"

"Well, I have to say I like the new Eve even more than the old one!" he said with enthusiasm. I liked that, but I liked even more the look of hunger in his eyes.

He locked the door and set the alarm, and we walked out to his car, a pickup truck with the Jackson's brand on the side. We set off, and I dropped the window on my side. At traffic lights in particular I enjoyed seeing other drivers do a double take when they saw my breasts.

Luke pulled up at the bank and got out to put the takings in the night deposit safe. Behind us another car pulled in and I saw the lady who ran Suzy's Boutique, whom I assumed was Suzy. I'd sometimes looked for clothes in there, they had some nice stuff but mostly out of my price range. She saw me and her jaw dropped.

"Happy National Nude Day," I said.

"Is that so? Well, hats off to you for being so brave. I hope it doesn't catch on too much, I want folks still to wear clothes, or I'm out of business!"

Luke came back and we drove to my home. I opened the door and said,

"Won't you come in, Luke? Come and have a drink!"

"Thanks," he said, "I'd like that."

So I found myself walking up to my front door, in my home street, naked as a babe, for any of my neighbours to see. If that man in the upstairs room who could see into my kitchen were to appear now, I'd positively flaunt myself for him.

I let Luke in and led him through to the back room where I spent most of my time. It was a bit hot, so I opened the door onto the patio. The table and two chairs out there were now in the shade and it was pleasantly cool. I left Luke having a look at my garden and went to get a couple of glasses of white wine.

"Sorry Luke, I'm out of beer."

"This is fine thanks. Here's to National Nude Day!"

I made the toast and put my glass down. I then took Luke's glass and put that down too. Luke looked at me quizzically.

"National Nude Day is not over yet! We aren't overlooked here," I said. It came out a bit huskily. I felt nervous all of a sudden. I reached out and tugged at the hem of his shirt. He caught on and pulled it over his head. He undid his shorts, looking into my eyes the whole time. The shorts dropped to the ground followed by his boxers. He reached out with both hands and cradled my cheeks, and leant forward to kiss me. It was a long, slow, gentle, almost chaste kiss but it was enormously erotic. I'd never been kissed like that before. I moved closer and put my arms round him; I felt his erection against my stomach, and pressed against it. I kissed back with more urgency. I was filled with a need to satisfy the longing inside and the urge that was making me wet, and to banish the loneliness of being single.

We broke the kiss, panting. "I don't think I've shown you the bedroom..." I tried to be nonchalant and jokey but it came out a bit hoarsely. I took him by the hand and led him back into the house. I thought of something and stopped.

"Luke, I'm not on the pill..."

He gave me a look of mixed longing, mortification and frustration, then it cleared. "I know, my brother used to borrow the pick-up for meeting his many conquests, he used to keep a supply in the glove box. Let me see if there's any there."

I reached down and grasped his erection. It was the first penis I'd ever touched and I was intrigued by how firm it felt.

"You can't go out looking like this! Give me the keys, I'll take a look." He picked up his shorts and fished them out of the pocket. I opened the front door and marched boldly down the path. The old guy in the house diagonally opposite was watering his hanging baskets. I waved cheerfully and he stared open mouthed. Just as well he's not closer, I thought, I'm sure my pussy is engorged, my nipples are like bullets, and I must smell of desire. I found three packets in the glove compartment and brought them all back into the house. I gave them to Luke, took his other hand, and led him to the bedroom.

I turned inside the door and kissed him again. "Please make love to me Luke," I whispered. "Just... I've never been with a man before, so I'm sorry if I don't know what to do."

"I'll take care of you," he murmured. He gently guided me down onto the bed, and leaning over, kissed me again, long and slow like before. Then he started kissing down my jaw, round my neck, and slowly down my chest. I was beginning to feel desperate for his touch on my boobs, when his hand slid up my stomach and oh so gently caressed my left breast, as he kissed down the swell of my right breast until he nibbled on my nipple, which if anything got even harder.

He started switching from breast to breast; it felt so erotic. I reached out for him but he whispered, "Not yet, this time it's all about you..."

He started kissing down my midriff, nuzzled in my navel, and slowly carried on down. The excitement and anticipation was really building. I was so turned on. He kissed and nibbled into my crotch, up and down beside my pussy, but not touching it directly. I was desperate for a touch there. When I thought I couldn't wait any longer, he licked lightly and slowly up my pussy lips and then I felt his tongue gently but firmly circle my clit. I had a mini orgasm there and then. He continued to circle the nub and I felt a finger just pushing between my pussy lips. I gasped and moaned in sheer pleasure. After a moment of this, I felt it building up inside like a balloon ready to burst. I reached down and put my hands either side of his head and pulled gently.

"Please, I need you inside me now..."

He broke off a moment, and I worried I'd done something wrong, but I realised he was putting on a condom. He eased back over me, kissing both nipples again in passing, and started giving me lots of quick light kisses on the lips. I felt the tip of his cock rubbing up and down my pussy, and then he started gently pushing it in.

"Tell me if I need to stop. It will hurt at some point but then get better."

"No," I said, "I'm a virgin but I've lost my hymen -- a girl's toy..."

He beamed. "Then I'll just take it slow while you get used to it."

He slowly eased in, stopping every now and then to pull back a bit and then push a bit further. It felt so good, so full, so right. I put my hands on his buttocks and pulled him in. I was making little whimpers and squeaks, but I couldn't help it. He started moving more vigorously, and I was moving with him, kissing his shoulder, his chin, anywhere I could reach; then he reached down between us and a finger or thumb, I don't know which, I didn't care, rubbed my nub and within seconds I had an earth-shattering climax. He slowed down, waited for me to come down, and whispered,

"You OK?"

"God yes, that was amazing..."

"Ok for me to carry on?"

There was more? He hadn't come? I thought the men always came first...

He picked up the pace again and within a minute or two became more and more urgent, and the feelings built inside me again too, and then I felt him spasming and jerking, his cock pulsing, and then I was spasming too.

Afterwards, I lay there in the crook of his arm with my head on his shoulder.

"I never realised how good that could be," I murmured. "Thank you ..."

"Hey," Luke replied, "I should thank you. I was falling for you and tried to resist it, but it made me realise what a fake Keiron was, and how wrong she was for me. You rescued me from a dead end relationship, and now you've made me an even happier man."

"You were falling for me? You never gave me a sign!"

"I was afraid to, I didn't think you were feeling the same about me, and I didn't want to spoil the friendship we already had. You never gave me a sign either."

"That's because I thought it wouldn't be possible. I really liked you but you moved in higher social circles than me, and you are my boss, so I tried not to think of you in those ways because I was sure it would result in disappointment or heartache."

"And now?"

I snuggled closer.

"Now, I can't believe what has just happened. I'll not believe it until I know it's not going to be a fling. I've never had a serious relationship and I'm afraid of getting hurt..."

Luke turned towards me, raised himself onto his elbow and looked me in the eyes.

"This is no fling for me. I find I keep thinking about you when you're not there. When I'm doing something I like, I find myself wondering if you would like it too. I want to learn what you like or don't like, how I can make you happy. I guess that means I'm in love with you."

My eyes filled with tears. "Me too," and I just reached for his face and drew him in for a passionate kiss.

"I've got a lot to thank Marijka for. Without the suggestion of an event for Nude Day I'd never have had the opportunity or the nerve to invite you in."

I felt his manhood stirring.

"And now I think there's someone else who needs attention! I need a closer look -- don't forget I've never had one of these to play with before!" and I scooted down the bed and grasped his cock. It swelled to full size in no time, it was a wonder to watch and feel as it did. I tentatively rubbed it, then reached forward and licked it. Surely it was too big for my mouth? Only one way to find out... I pushed the tip into my mouth and sucked. I didn't think I could get much more in. I popped it out again and said, "You'll need to tell me what feels good and what not to do. I don't have a user's manual for one of these!"

"Anything you do with love will I'm sure feel good. We can explore that together later. Right now I want to be in you again." He reached out and felt around for another condom. He turned onto his back and I watched him roll it on, and then he pulled me on top of him.

I felt it nudging my pussy, and I moved my knees so I was kneeling over him and reached below me to direct it in. I settled back onto his cock and rocked to and fro. He reached up and fondled my breasts and rubbed and pulled my nipples. That felt really nice, I murmured appreciatively.

"Eve, that's so good. Just do what makes you feel good, let me learn from you..." I silenced him with my mouth and we kissed passionately, tongues duelling, whilst my loins seemed to have their own agenda, and I was starting to bounce more and more vigorously on his cock. I felt so full, it was glorious. It swept me to another shattering orgasm in no time, and as it was dying away, Luke started urgently thrusting into me from below and his followed in short order, which set me off again.

I lay on top of Luke trying to recover and wondering if you could wear out a pussy. How far had I come since that first spilt mug of tea! And all thanks to National Nude Day...


- Epilogue -

"Ready?" Luke called.

"I guess so!" I came out of the house naked, my six month bump held proudly in front of me. Luke held the passenger door open, and I kissed him and got in. "Come on, tell me what this surprise is!"

"No, you'll have to wait till we get there!"

It was a short drive to Jackson's Mow & Grow, where the banners outside proudly proclaimed, "Third Annual Nude Day Event -- The Garden Center of Eden reopens today!" Luke pulled into the staff car park. There were already half a dozen cars there, but as we got out, the door of one opened and a buxom naked blonde leapt out, rushed over and flung herself into my arms.

"Marijka! I thought you were in Holland!"

"Eve! Hey, you look good, how's the bump? I couldn't refuse the invitation when Luke got in touch. I was so disappointed to miss the wedding, it was so stupid to break my ankle the day before I was due to fly!"

"Oh Marijka, it's so good to see you, I can't wait to have a real good gossip."

"Hey Marijka, lovely to have you here," Luke came and gave Marijka a hug as well. "Why don't you two go to the café and have a coffee and a chat? Everything's in hand, Eve should be taking it a bit easy now, there's plenty of staff cover. Go!" and he swatted my butt. I needed no second bidding. I'd not seen Marijka in the flesh -- so to speak -- since a couple of months after Luke and I first got together; there's only so much you can catch up with by WhatsApp or Skype.

"So tell me all about how you got engaged. Is Jan over here with you?"

"Uh huh, he's coming along about ten. He's heard so much about you and is looking forward to meeting you. I haven't told him about Nude Day -- I can't wait to see his face when he finds out we are all naked! He's going to love it!"

