Keywords: Ff, cons, interr
Part: Chapter 32
Author: Miranda Mars
Title: Laura's Story - an Interracial Lesbian Romance






          Over the next few weeks she and Yvette engaged in a 
    white hot affair, fucking like fiends whenever they got the 
    chance, twice more at work in vacant offices Yvette somehow 
    knew about.  They knew how dangerous it was, but that seemed 
    to make it even more exciting, and they both had unbelievably 
    intense orgasms in each other's arms on executives' sofas.

          Every few days they met at Laura's apartment after work 
    and fucked until Yvette had to go.  She persuaded her 
    husband that she was working late on a project, usually 
    staying with Laura until about eight, ravenous with lust.  
    Once Laura asked her, "Don't you ever do it with him?  He'll 
    get suspicious if you stop entirely, won't he?"

          "I let him fuck me once a week," Yvette smirked.  "I 
    fake a climax, he comes in ten seconds, falls asleep, and I 
    pretend I'm with you.  Once I even came just from thinking 
    about you, after he went to sleep."

          When Yvette's husband had to go out of town on a 
    business trip for a week, she invited Laura to stay with her.

          "We'll kill each other with fucking," she said, smiling 
    wickedly.  "We won't be able to walk."

          "We almost do that already," Laura said.

          But she couldn't refuse.  Her desire for Yvette was 
    undiminished.  After the baby was in bed, their first night 
    alone in Yvette's house, they nearly did just that.  Though 
    Yvette had trouble really letting herself go with her 
    daughter asleep in the next room, she and Laura fucked 
    fifteen times, each having several multiple orgasms.  And 
    Yvette enjoyed them even more since they were in the same 
    bed where her joyless sex with her husband usually took 
    place.

          The next day the Yvette took her daughter to stay with 
    her mother for a few days.  God, Laura thought, we'll put 
    each other in the hospital.

          But after work that evening, before they could even get 
    out of their clothes, Yvette's sixteen-year-old sister 
    dropped by for a brief visit, and Laura realized that 
    something very shocking was happening to her.

          "This is my kid sister Chanitra," Yvette said, 
    introducing Laura to the most ravishing, shockingly beautiful 
    teenager she had ever seen.

          The weather was warm, and Chanitra was wearing cutoff 
    jeans and a skimpy halter.  She didn't yet have a woman's 
    body.  She still had the enchanting, smooth, lissome body of 
    a girl on the verge of complete womanhood, and the sight of 
    it nearly made Laura come unglued.  Chanitra's skin was 
    somewhat blacker than Yvette's, very black, and her long 
    legs were even more shapely than her sister's, if that were 
    possible.

          They rose to willowly thighs and the most perfect bottom 
    Laura had ever seen, even more perfect than Rina's, high and 
    sculptured and round, a more beautiful ass than anyone could 
    imagine possible.  Her small, jutting breasts were concealed 
    by the thin halter, but the rest of her upper body was naked, 
    and sleek, and smooth, her back a masterpiece, her midriff 
    taut and glossy. 

          Laura tried not to stare.  She was embarrassed.  She 
    knew that long ago, before Karen, she wouldn't have looked 
    twice at Chanitra, except to notice that she was a good-
    looking girl.  But she wouldn't have wanted to eat her alive, 
    as she did now.  And she couldn't let either Yvette or 
    Chanitra know.

          They all three had dinner together, and Chanitra left.  
    Laura and Yvette began fucking almost before the girl was 
    out the door, tearing at each other, desperate to do in total 
    freedom what they had been doing in a more restrained manner 
    while Yvette's small daughter was there.  

          But for Laura there was even more urgency, since she 
    wanted to obliterate the memory of Yvette's stunning sister 
    in a marathon of orgiastic sex.  And she knew she had the 
    right partner for it.  If anything, Yvette's appetite 
    exceeded even Karen's.  She came easily under Laura's 
    caresses, and one climax only made her want five more.

          In about an hour neither one could even sit up, and 
    they both fell briefly asleep.  Laura awakened first, about 
    twenty minutes later, and gazed up at the ceiling, wondering 
    what was happening to her.  Isn't it enough that you're 
    screwing a woman with a husband and a small child? she 
    thought.  Or that a beautiful girl is dead because of you?  
    Now you want a fresh young teenager too?  What would Yvette 
    say?  You're turning into a cradle robber.

          The next day Yvette was sent out of town on a quick 
    business trip herself.  She would be gone for three days.  
    Laura had packed a suitcase and left it at Yvette's house, 
    since they had planned to spend at least five days together 
    while Yvette's husband was gone.  Her stomach did flipflops 
    as Yvette told her she could drop by to pick it up any time 
    since Chanitra would be house-sitting while she was gone.

          At first she was afraid to go.  How can I be alone with 
    her and not let her see how much I want her? she wondered.  
    She's only sixteen!  God, she might even be a virgin!

          This thought made her both recoil from the idea of 
    wanting to fuck a virgin, and excited her wildly at the 
    thought of fucking a virgin.  Especially one who looked like 
    Chanitra.  How could you be so awful? she asked herself.  
    Wanting to corrupt that poor sweet thing.

          But she couldn't stop herself from going by to pick up 
    the suitcase.  She couldn't stay away.  Just control 
    yourself, that's all, she told herself over and over.  Self-
    control.  She won't have the slightest suspicion you want to 
    do that do her, so just don't let her suspect it.  Just be 
    friendly, get your suitcase, and leave.

          She actually tried to control her impulses, but 
    Chanitra was wearing the same thing when Laura got there, as 
    if she had known how it affected Laura, and wanted to rub it 
    in, to make things worse.  

          "Hi," Chanitra greeted her at the door.  "Yvette said 
    you might be dropping by."

          The girl had a fetching little crinkle-nosed smile.  
    Laura had been so busy looking at Chanitra's spectacular body 
    that she had scarcely noticed her beautiful face. 
 
          "Just to get my suitcase," she said, bashfully, only realizing 
    afterward that it was a little unusual for her to have left it there.

          "It's right in here," Chanitra smiled, leading her into the . . 
    . bedroom.

          Oh god! Laura thought.  It was all so obvious.  Chanitra bent 
    over to pick it up, and Laura's eyes lingered long, lovingly, even 
    lustfully on the girl's perfect long legs and incredible bottom.  
    Chanitra couldn't help noticing the way Laura was looking at her as 
    she turned and gave Laura the bag.

          "You fucking my sister, aren't you," she said in a 
    quiet, matter-of-fact voice. 

          Laura blushed hotly, and turned her face away.  She 
    didn't know how to respond to such boldness.

          "I . . ." she stammered.  "I . . . we---"

          "You don't have to say anything," Chanitra said.  
    "Didn't mean to embarrass you.  I just thought . . . you two 
    be sleeping in the same room and all, you know."

          She pointed to the bed.  Laura swallowed.  She sat the 
    suitcase down, afraid she would drop it.  Chanitra's 
    infectious smile never left her face.  She wasn't hostile, or 
    any less friendly.  Just curious, it seemed.

          "Really," Chanitra said, trying to reassure her.  "I 
    can see I upset you.  Didn't mean to.  I . . . kinda even had 
    a question, that's all."

          "I didn't mean to look at you that way," Laura said, 
    almost under her breath, deeply ashamed.

          "I don't mind," Chanitra crinkled her nose.  "Kinda 
    like it.  Why do you think I wear these, anyway?"

          She did a graceful little pirouette, showing off her 
    sleek black thighs and incredible high round ass.  Laura 
    tried not to crave the girl's delicious body.

          "You know," Chanitra said, conspiratorially. "I did it 
    a couple of times, with a couple of dudes.  It wasn't too 
    hot, if you want to know the truth.  They was pretty quick.  
    It was over before I got into it.  I just thought, maybe you 
    know something they don't know.  Like Yvette seems to like it, 
    know what I mean?"

          God, is this really happening? Laura wondered.  Is she 
    coming on to me?

          "You certainly have the most beautiful ass I ever saw," 
    Laura said under her breath, barely able to trust herself to 
    speak.

          "You like it?" Chanitra grinned, turning again, 
    sideways, and sticking it out provocatively.  "You know, I 
    don't wear anything under these.  Just fold up a piece of 
    toilet paper and stick it between . . . you know where, and 
    the cloth.  Pretty sexy, huh?"

          Laura nodded.  "Pretty sexy," she said softly.

          "You want to see it?"

          Laura shut her eyes and nodded.  "What'll your sister 
    think?"

          "She don't have to know."

          Chanitra unbuttoned her cutoffs and let them slide 
    slowly down her spectacular legs.  Already Laura could feel 
    her cunt throbbing and oozing, fluttering excitedly.  
    Chanitra kicked the cutoffs away from her feet.  She turned, 
    and Laura's eyes feasted on the gorgeous, round, beautifully 
    shaped bottom.

          "You want to touch it, don't you," Chanitra whispered.

          Again Laura nodded.

          "Sit down on the edge of the bed."

          Laura sat and Chanitra walked over to her, turning her 
    back so that her perfect ass was right in front of Laura.  
    Laura raised both hands and caressed the firm, dark moons, 
    sliding her fingers under them, giving Chanitra a twinge of 
    pleasure.  Chanitra's half-naked body stiffened, then relaxed 
    again.

          "Ooohhh, that feels good," she murmured.

          The girl was so receptive that Laura stopped 
    restraining herself.  Her hands grew more aggressive, 
    cupping, kneading, squeezing, her fingers gradually invading 
    the shadowy crack between the perfect, gleaming buns.  She 
    bent forward and kissed them, running her lips and tongue all 
    over them, nipping the taut flesh gently with her teeth.

          Both of them were driven wild sexually by what they 
    were doing.  Chanitra began quivering and moaning softly.  
    Laura's pulse raced and roared, and her cunt flooded with 
    juice.  

          "Put your hands here, on the bed," she murmured to 
    Chanitra, guiding her, helping her bend over and place her 
    palms on the edge of the mattress.

          Then Laura slipped to her knees behind the girl and 
    came up under Chanitra's perfect ass, slipping her tongue 
    deep into the wet open cleft of Chanitra's pussy.

          "Uhn!  Oh!" Chanitra gasped.

          Her thigh muscles and her buns clenched, making her 
    more desirable than ever to Laura, who knew she could make 
    the girl come quickly, if she chose to.  Gently, she pushed 
    and urged Chanitra forward, face down on the bed, pushing the 
    girl's sleek thighs apart and lowering her mouth to 
    Chanitra's clit at the same time.  It only took a few sucks 
    to bring on a sharp, surprising climax.

          "Aunngg!  Oh!  Oh . . . annggg . . . aaiingghiieeee!" 
    Chanitra cried out, her body shaking as a strong orgasm 
    gripped her.

          Still stunned by her climax, she didn't resist as Laura 
    unfastened her halter and rolled her onto her back.  Laura 
    scooped up both of Chanitra's hard, small breasts, in her 
    hands, sucking the girl's large, bulbous nipples sharply, 
    passionately, while dropping her hand to the girl's crotch 
    and rubbing her clit again.  In only seconds Chanitra came 
    again, whimpering, then moaning as a long, sinuous climax 
    unfolded in her body.

          Laura wouldn't let her stop but kept building on the 
    erotic plateau Chanitra had reached, sliding back down 
    between the girl's yawning thighs and tonguing her wet pussy 
    into two more orgasms.  Finally she slid one finger, greasy 
    with Chanitra's own pussy juices, up into the girl's 
    incredible ass, sucking her clit at the same time, fucking 
    her rapidly in the ass, and brought Chanitra to a shattering 
    culminating orgasm that left the poor girl weak and panting 
    with fatigue, and throbbing with aftershocks of sexual 
    pleasure.

          Her eyes were glassy and her mouth slack as she looked 
    up worshipfully at Laura, who only now realized that she 
    herself was still fully dressed.

          "God . . . you really fucked me," she said in a hushed, 
    astonished voice.  "I came five times."

          "You're so beautiful, Chanitra," Laura whispered, so 
    desperately horny herself that she could barely see straight.

          Chanitra reached up, pulled Laura's face down to hers, 
    and kissed Laura with a scorching, searing kiss, unbuttoning 
    the back of Laura's blouse as they kissed.  

          "I want you," she panted into Laura's ear.  "Want to 
    fuck you too, like you did me."

          She almost ripped Laura's expensive silk blouse in her hurry 
    to get it off.  Her lips were on Laura's neck and shoulders, dipping 
    between the cups of Laura's bra, hungrily kissing the shadowy valley 
    between Laura's breasts, while her fingers worked at the clasp 
    behind Laura's back.  She got the bra off and took one of Laura's 
    aching breasts in both hands, sucking the nipple deep into her 
    mouth.

          "Oh!" Laura cried out softly, her body squirming excitedly as 
    Chanitra devoured her breast.

          The girl was a demon.  Her mouth and hands were all over 
    Laura's breasts, sucking and squeezing and mauling them until Laura 
    was coming wildly, still wearing her skirt, writhing and moaning 
    sharply as Chanitra nearly swallowed her throbbing nipples.

          "Auunngghh!  Ungghiieeee!" Laura cried out, her breasts aching 
    as Chanitra continued to suck them even after the orgasm began to 
    wane.

          But then Chanitra was quickly removing the rest of her 
    clothes, skimming her skirt and panties down her legs.  And then 
    Laura felt the entire naked length of the girl's delicious body 
    against hers as they coiled together, kissing and caressing with a 
    sharp, feverish urgency that she didn't remember feeling since she 
    and Rina first discovered each other.

          "I want you . . . I want you," Chanitra murmured over and 
    over, sliding between Laura's legs.

          "Auunnghh!" Laura groaned as she felt the girl's lips touch 
    her pussy. 

          For a near-virgin, a certain virgin when it came to girl-
    fucking, Chanitra was a hot and urgent lover.  Her long tongue 
    slithered up inside Laura's flowing pussy, her lips closed over 
    Laura's clit, and she mouth-mauled a straining, sobbing, groaning 
    Laura into two more climaxes in only a few minutes.  They were 
    quick, wrenching, violent climaxes, and Laura was still panting and 
    sighing as Chanitra slithered back up to embrace her.

          "There . . ." she whispered softly.  "I made you come a few 
    times too.  Couldn't leave you hanging like that."

          "Thank you," Laura blinked away the tears.  

          "Now I know why you and Yvette be doing this, why she like you 
    so much."

          "Did she tell you about me?"

          Chanitra shook her head.  "I can see it in her eyes."

          "It's kind of awful for it to be so obvious," Laura said, 
    half-ashamed.  "I mean, I'm not trying to steal her from her 
    family."

          "I know," Chanitra said, matter-of-factly.  "You just want to 
    fuck her."

          "It's such a cold way of putting it."

          "You think so?"  Chanitra crinkled her nose in her infectious 
    grin.  "I just want to fuck you.  Is that so bad?"

          Laura shook her head.  "It's wonderful.  You're so . . . 
    natural.  You just . . . made me come so hard."

          "Really?"  The smile again.  

          Laura kissed her passionately, and her kiss aroused Chanitra, 
    who began squirming, pushing her small hard naked breasts into 
    Laura's, panting, even whimpering.  Laura couldn't believe how lucky 
    she herself was.  This delicious girl!  So young, so beautiful, so 
    exuberant and energetic and ripe and eager for hot girl-fucking. 
    With me! Laura thought.  God, she's so beautiful!

          This time Laura slowed down the pace.  She was very skilled at 
    taking the initial sparks of sexual arousal and slowly building a 
    raging fire of need in the other's blood.  She had learned it with 
    Karen, and used it with each successive lover, and now with Chanitra 
    she began a slow, steady buildup to a shattering finish. 

          And it gave her a chance to explore the girl's young, 
    beautiful body in a way their quick, urgent fucking so far had 
    prevented.  Chanitra was very deep black and had young, new, hard 
    little breasts with popping, bursting, gleaming large black nipples 
    that swelled up from the surface of her breasts like ripe plums.  
    They were sensitive, too.  Even the touch of Laura's tongue on her 
    nipples made her moan, made her body strain and quiver.

          "God, it feel so good," she panted, watching as Laura sucked 
    one thick, bulbous nipple into her mouth.  "Ahhnnnn!"

          And this sensitivity fell right in with Laura's plan, since 
    she could suck Chanitra's nipples and caress her wet pussy until the 
    girl was shaking, only seconds from coming, before slacking off, 
    dropping the intensity level, bringing her back from the edge.  Then 
    Laura would start it again.
  
          After three times, Chanitra was writhing with need.  Her wide, 
    murky eyes implored Laura to give her release.

          "Please . . . Laura," she panted.  "Why won't you let me 
    come?  Please!"

          "Oh I will, baby, I will," Laura murmured, nearly swallowing 
    one of Chanitra's delectable thick nipples, bringing short, hot 
    yelps of ecstacy from the girl's throat.

          The writhing of the girl's delicious naked body, and the feel 
    of Chanitra's sensitive, bulbous nipple in her mouth nearly made 
    Laura herself come, without any other help.  She let it slide from 
    her mouth and slipped one leg under Chanitra's, moving forward, 
    bringing their pussies together slowly, deliberately, until the 
    electrifying contact took place. 

          "Ohhh!" Chanitra gasped, nearly fainting with sexual 
    excitement.

          Laura knew how it felt the first time.  Never in Chanitra's 
    wildest dreams had she ever thought such a sensation was possible.  
    Both of them nearly came an instant after their cuntlips met, and 
    mashed together.  They were both so aroused already from what Laura 
    had been doing to Chanitra that Laura knew it would be fast.

          She didn't even need to slip her hand down between them and 
    guide their excited clits together.  Chanitra was already quivering 
    and whimpering hysterically.  Laura could feel her own orgasm only 
    seconds away.

          She embraced the girl's lean, smooth, beautiful body, pressing 
    their naked breasts together and kissing Chanitra with scorching, 
    devouring passion.  At the same time, she let her hands slide down 
    the girl's fantastic back to her ass and dug her fingers into the 
    perfect moons, jamming her cunt forward into Chanitra's and grinding 
    her hips sharply.

          Again and again she mashed her wet cunt into Chanitra's, 
    fucking the girl hard, hard, and Chanitra began pumping back, 
    whinnying helplessly and hysterically as a fierce uprush of 
    rapturous coming suddenly wracked her body.

          "Auungghiinnnaaiiii!" she cried out, coughing and choking on a 
    hot flood of sensations, her luscious young body wrenched by spasms 
    of ecstacy.  "Oh!  Ungghh!  Oh . . . auungghhiieee!"

          Laura came a split second later.  A shattering climax 
    convulsed her flesh, a blinding incandescence of sexual bliss that 
    left her breathless, before a helpless cry of pleasure escaped her 
    throat.

          "Anngghh!  Oh, oh . . . mmnnnggghhhieeeee!" she cried, 
    clinging to Chanitra's straining body, luxuriating in the feel of 
    their two silky wet throbbing pussies pressed together while they 
    both came wildly.

          Collapsing together on their sides on the bed, panting, their 
    cheeks slick with tears, they kissed each other softly, tenderly.  
    Even Laura, who had been through it before, could hardly believe 
    what they had done, how shocking and powerful their combined orgasm 
    had been.  Chanitra had barely entered womanhood, but she was a 
    total woman now.  Most women went through their whole lives without 
    having an orgasm like that one.

          "God . . ." Chanitra gasped softly, after a long pause while 
    their breathing returned to normal.  "I never knew sex could be like 
    that.  I almost passed out."

          "I know," Laura whispered.  "Some day I will make you pass 
    out."

          Chanitra smiled warmly.  "You gonna keep fucking me?  Might 
    make Yvette jealous."

          Laura knew it was true.  "But how can I keep my hands off 
    you?"

          "I hope you don't try.  I never came like that.  Ever."

          "You're such a delicious girl.  I want to eat you alive."

          Chanitra's eyes grew murky with lust, and Laura knew that she 
    wasn't tired, she wanted more.  And Laura wasn't about to turn away 
    from the experience of a lifetime.  Would she ever again get to fuck 
    a girl so young, so beautiful, so innocent and eager, so exuberantly 
    sexy and excitable?  One long, searching kiss lit the fires again in 
    both of their bodies.

          Laura wanted more of the girl's incredible ass, as if she 
    couldn't keep believing it existed unless she was kissing and 
    stroking and clutching and . . . probing it.  Rolling Chanitra onto 
    her stomach, Laura slid down the girl's body and began kissing and 
    caressing the dark moons of Chanitra's ass aggressively.  Her teeth 
    nipped the taut flesh, making Chanitra whoop and sigh.

          Finally, she pulled the hard round buns apart and began to 
    explore the crack between them with her tongue.  She knew Chanitra 
    had never experienced anything quite like it, and the girl nearly 
    went wild, moaning, squirming crazily.  The hotter Chanitra became, 
    the more relentless Laura became, until finally she was tongue-
    fucking the girl's asshole and scissoring Chanitra's clit between 
    two fingers at the same time, bringing Chanitra to a seizure of 
    coming that seemed more wrenching and total than even their cunt-
    kissing shared orgasm that had preceded it.

          The girl's supple, pliant, black, naked body was so desireable 
    to Laura that somehow Chanitra's orgasmic convulsions brought out a 
    hot, feverish, consuming lust in her.  She swarmed over Chanitra's 
    supine, straining body, sucking Chanitra's nipples, hand-fucking her 
    pussy, raping her, bringing the poor girl to three more quick 
    climaxes before Chanitra's mouth on her hot, throbbing pussy brought 
    Laura to another sobbing orgasm herself. 

          It was midnight before they stopped fucking, there in 
    Yvette's bed, exhausting each other with insatiable need.  After 
    Laura's all-devouring rape of the delicious teenager, Chanitra had 
    turned the tables on her, fucking Laura so energetically, so 
    relentlessly, that Laura herself had three orgasms in a row, without 
    stopping.  By the time they couldn't go on any longer, around 
    midnight, Chanitra had come about twenty-five times, give or take 
    one or two, and Laura, who never counted any more, knew she had come 
    close to fifteen times too. 

          "Don't go," Chanitra begged as Laura began slowly collecting 
    her clothes.  "I don't want you to go."

          "What do you want to do, fuck me to death," Laura laughed 
    softly.

          "Yes."

          She pulled Laura back.  For a long time they simply lay 
    together, kissing and whispering.

          "I never knew anything could be like this," Chanitra 
    whispered.  "I came about a thousand times."

          "Me too."

          Chanitra's large dark eyes welled with tears.  "Do it to me 
    again, once more, before you go.  I'm afraid, once Yvette finds out, 
    you won't ever do it to me again."

          "Oh honey . . . she's not going to find out," Laura soothed 
    her, kissing her, caressing her.  "There's no reason to tell her.  
    This is between us, you and me."

          "Oh!  Oh god!" Chanitra gasped as Laura's mouth dropped again 
    to her breasts.

          Laura couldn't keep away from them, or from Chanitra's perfect 
    ass.  Determined this time to make it the last one, and the most 
    final, shattering, devastating climax of all, she gradually 
    reawakened the smouldering sexual fires in Chanitra's incredible 
    body.  Summoning up what little energy she had left, she took a full 
    twenty minutes to bring the luscious teenager to such a frenzied 
    pitch of need that Chanitra was quivering helplessly under her 
    touch, moaning and begging for release.

          This time Laura couldn't resist fucking Chanitra's ass and 
    pussy at the same time while sucking her clit, and the girl nearly 
    passed out as a wrenching, excruciating orgasm throttled her 
    arching, shuddering body.  She screamed so loud that Laura was 
    afraid the neighbors might hear.  Spasm after spasm of fierce 
    pleasure wracked her beautiful body, finally leaving her as limp as 
    a rag, panting and moaning in Laura's arms.

          It was one a.m. when Laura finally left the girl sleeping 
    peacefully in Yvette's bed.  She let herself out and drove home, 
    feeling a curious mixture of exhausted but happy sexual tingling and 
    troubled anxiety about the future.  She knew that her relationship 
    with Yvette, which was fairly uncertain anyway because of Yvette's 
    husband and child, was now complicated more than ever by the night 
    Laura had spent with Chanitra.







