Final Fantasy Seven: TFLN Cues
(Texts from Last Night)

Rating: T
BETA: Ziggy Pasta…
Cue: Just read the story, kay!
Warning: Alcohol abuse, so Rufus is involved.
Disclaimer: Don't own FF7 Fandom, just using for my own amusement. Do not profit from this endeavour.
Characters: Reeve, Rufus and Tseng
POV: Reeve

SCREWDRIVER

Reeve had offered to escort the Vice-President to the morning meeting as it was on his way from his little lab. Tseng had said something about how he needed to be watched more carefully. He didn't bother to knock on the office door, as he was sure that Rufus was expecting him, and he entered the young man's office.

He was a little taken aback at the sight of Rufus standing by the bar. He was aware that the young man liked to indulge a little in the drink, but this was going a little too far.

Reeve watched as Rufus took a spoonful of frozen orange juice directly from the can and place it in his mouth. What had stunned him next was how he brought the vodka bottle to his lips and took a mouthful from it. Rufus then seemed to swish it around in his mouth before he swallowed.

He watched as Rufus seem to slouch slightly and gave out a sigh until his grey eyes focused on him. Rufus' young face turned red and his hand clenched around the bottle of booze.

"Don't tell Tseng," Rufus whispered as he scrambled to put the incriminating evidence away.

Reeve now understood why Tseng wanted a closer eye kept on the boy. Reeve couldn't help let a smile form, as he could use this new information to his advantage. "Why don't you want me to tell Tseng?" He could see the panic in the young man's eyes. He could assume correctly that this must be an ongoing problem between him and Tseng.

"Please, don't tell him."

Reeve approached Rufus, and he could see the young man's hands were shaking slightly and clutching the bottle in the other. The boy acted quite strong in meetings and in public, but he was obviously more fragile in private.

"I think he would like to know about something like this," Reeve said. The fear in Rufus' gray eyes was more evident now.

"Reeve, please. You can't tell him," Rufus said in a whine that was usually reserved for children. "What-what will it take for you to not tell him?"

Reeve smiled brightly. Rufus may be young, but he also knew how the game was played in Shin-Ra.

Reeve placed his hand on the boy's shoulder and felt him shudder. "It is nothing that you won't be able to accommodate." Rufus swallowed and looked pale. Reeve wondered how many other deals the Vice-President had made in the past to keep his secret from Tseng.

"A simple increase in my urban planning development budget, without having to go through board approval, would suffice," he said, seeing the relief was over the young face.

"Oh, I can arrange that," Rufus said and went to bring the trembling bottle of vodka to his lips. Reeve reached out and took it from his hand and placed it back on the counter.

"I think you have had enough of that." Reeve saw the pout starting to form, reminding Reeve that Rufus was still a child in so many ways. "We have a meeting to attend to and Tseng is waiting. I wouldn't want to have to tell him we were late because you had to finish your drink."

Rufus nodded but looked longingly at the bottle. "No, we can't have that." The boy straightened his suit and put on his control and mature face as they started to head out the door.

Despite the claim that he was not going to talk to Tseng, he was more worried about what the boy had thought he was propositioning for silence, and what others had asked him to do.

"We found you eating frozen orange juice with a spoon and drinking vodka from
the bottle." Inspirational text from TheOtherKeybladeMaster

To celebrate Drunken Rufus emoticon … http:/ vvkiti .deviantart . com /art/Drunk-Rufus-for-Albedosreqium-166586156