The Bull Ride
by Emma

I’d ridden the mechanical bull in a pub before, with my previous girlfriend Laura.. A pretty embarrassing experience! I happened to mention it to my current girlfriend, Ani… always a mistake to talk about what you did with former partners, and this was no different! Ani just had to give it a go as well! 

We decided to go to the same pub as I’d gone to with Laura.. It’s always pretty busy with lots of students using it, so always a pretty noisy audience, and no shortage of people willing to take a turn on the bull. They’re also pretty open minded there, with no problems over nudity…. 

We decided to go on Saturday night… Ani was staying over, and the pub was a short train ride from my house. I’d rather not be driving as there was a good chance we’d both need a few drinks before getting on that bull in the outfits we intended to wear! Saturday afternoon we changed into our outfits for the evening. I put on a tiny white boob tube, a rather short flared denim shirt and some sandals…. Nothing else… Ani chose a cute little wrap round dress… Very short, off the shoulder and pretty low cut. It also had no zips or buttons…. Just held shut by a simple tie belt. I tried to persuade Ani to go commando as well, but knowing just how short the dress was, she chickened out and wore a little white thong. We caught an early evening train into the city centre and made straight for the pub with the mechanical bull. We had a couple of drinks, attracting plenty of attention because of how we were dressed! We were certainly ready for some fun! 

The pub was packed, loads of students on an end of term night out, a great atmosphere. Plenty of people were happy to ride the bull… We saw quite a few girls having a go, many of them flashing the flesh and showing more than they intended… always to loud cheers from the watching students! Ani and I took it all in, had a few more drinks, building up our courage. I went first.. Moving up to the bull, climbing on, acutely aware of my lack of any underwear… The crowd weren’t slow to notice… they saw my naked ass, but couldn’t be sure that I wasn’t wearing a thong like Ani.. The operator guy started the bull… slow at first, then faster, jerking , bucking. My skirt started to fly up, more flashes of my ass, a few flashes of my pussy! Some of the crowd were already pretty much aware that there was no thong covering anything.. I really was bareback on the bull! 

I could here the comments from the crowd, I knew that they knew I was bare under my skirt! Hell, that turned me on! All I could see was a sea of faces, the bull was really moving now! Tried to pick out Ani, to see the look on her face, but I was moving too fast, spinning, dizzy, clinging on for dear life. I was sliding about on the bull, more than when I’d started. The back of the bull was slippery, some of it was sweat, but I was also leaking! I was so aroused… my juices were leaking out…people could see how wet I was… see the effect this was having on me! That just made it worse! To my horror I could feel the pleasure building in me… God! If this didn’t stop soon I was going to cum… here on the back of the bull in front of everyone! So humiliating, so thrilling… turned me on even more! I hadn’t even noticed my boob tube sliding south… I glanced down, saw my nipples swollen to twice their normal size, and just about keeping my boob tube hooked on them, sparing my blushes. Then one massive jerk from the bull, felt cool air on my nipples, boobs, heard the crowd roar, felt the boob tube round my waist.. I was topless on the bull! It was the last straw! Couldn’t control it any more, couldn’t stop myself…. I came, came hard.. Juices squirting out of my pussy, running down the bull, losing my grip, sliding to the floor, landing in a heap, cum smeared up my body, skirt up around my waist, pussy and boobs on display! 
The crowd was roaring, but all I saw was Ani, gently lifting me up, kissing me on the lips, pulling my skirt down and my boob tube up, covering me, holding me tight in her arms. 

And so to Ani… Her turn now! The crowd were really buzzing after my humiliating display, wondering how this older woman would cope. Ani’s older than me, but really fit! Very slim, excellent body, certainly doesn’t look - or act - her age! Ani walked over to the bull.. it’s back still wet with my sweat and cum. She ran her finger through the wetness, then put it to her lips and licked.. The crowd went wild! Ani reached up under her very short dress and pulled down her thong, stepped out of it, and proceeded to dry the back of the bull with it, before tossing it into the crowd… Her thong, my juices…. 

Ani climbed onto the bull. Every single person in the pub knew she was bare under her very short dress, they all knew they were in for a show. The guy started the bull up, slowly, then faster, bucking, side to side…. Ani’s dress was flying up round her waist, bunched there… Waist down, she was on display! Her shaven pussy, her boney little ass, her puckered little hole, all usually so hidden and private, now all on public display! Most women who are shaven look really sexy, and Ani was no different… But, I don’t know if it was because she was so much older than most everyone else there, It made Ani look filthy! This stunning lady, old enough to be the mother of some of the kids there, perched on top of a bucking bull , her sex shaven bare, looked sooo hot! God and how the crowd loved it! Screaming and cheering her as she was tossed about! 
Have to give that bull operator loads of credit… he didn’t push her too hard, wanted to keep Ani on that bull as long as possible, especially when he noticed her belt coming loose… talk about slow and painful… seeing the look on Ani’s face as she realised the belt was coming undone… knowing that unless she did something she was going to end up full frontal on that bull… hell she was going to end up naked… Without the belt there was absolutely nothing to keep that dress on her back… 
Talk about exquisite torture! He kept slowing the bull right down, then as she risked taking one hand off the bull to tighten her belt, or at least pull it back together, he increased the speed again! What a contest! Ani, grimly determined to keep the dress on her back, against the skill of the bull operator… and all the time her dress was coming open at the front, revealing more and more, as the belt came completely undone…. One second it was just about covering her nipples, the next it was gone completely, fallen to the floor, leaving a very naked Ani riding the bull! 

The crowd erupted! Ani had a wild look in her eyes…. Stunned realisation that her worst nightmare/greatest fantasy had come true! Perched naked on the slowly bucking bull, boobs flying about , nipples swollen like erasers… or lug nuts as one guy from the crowd yelled out! She was clinging on for dear life, sliding on the back of the bull, her bare shaven sex visible to everyone, it’s wetness oh so obvious as she got more and more turned on. I could only stare at her exposed sex… I thought I’d been exposed on the bull… but Ani… well this was a whole new level… Perhaps it’s her age, but, for whatever reason… Her pussy gaped wide open! EVERYTHING was on display… her inner pink wetness, the folds of her labia, her clitty… All exposed to the noisy crowd! 

The comments were flying thick and fast, some of them not too kind, some of them pretty crude… Along the lines that Ali was no spring chicken and had been around the block a few times.. Some of the comments made me cringe, but I was amazed to see they had the opposite effect on Ani… they were getting her even more aroused… a fact obvious to the crowd… so the comments got worse… 
Soon it all became too much for Ani.. She lost her grip, slid off the bull into a heap on the mat by the bull, all hot exhausted and exposed. I ran over and hugged her. She whispered softly in my ear 
‘Thank you so much’ 
She was crying and laughing, not believing what she’d just done. 
We looked for her dress…. No surprise that it was gone! A naked train ride home wasn’t really an option, so Ani begged the bull crew for a t shirt…. One of the t shirts you get if you manage to stay on the bull. They said no, but they were willing to let her try again! 

Unbelievably, an exhausted and naked Ani climbed back onto the bull. This time she had to be helped, two of the crew lifting her into place, hands wandering all over her bare flesh, enjoying their job. Ani didn’t last long this time, she just didn’t have the energy. The operator took it slow, allowing everyone to savour her naked body one last time before she collapsed into a heap on the floor. This time they agreed she could have a t shirt for her efforts…despite failing again! 

The four guys from the crew took her into the back of the pub to find her a t shirt that fitted. She was gone ages, and finding a t shirt seemed a noisy business as I heard her screaming out a few times! She seemed very happy when she came back out, wearing a very small white clingy t shirt that she was struggling to tug down far enough so that it at least covered her ass and pussy for the train ride and walk home. Mind you, the four guys looked very pleased and satisfied too! No idea why…
