Lauren's Last Tease
by George Foxx
Copyright© 2020 by George Foxx

I was not a favorite with my wife’s family. I was twenty-three years older. I was a white-collar guy from a white-collar family, and she was a blue-collar girl from a blue-collar family. Strangely enough, I was pro-union, while her family was anti-union. Go figure.

We went to visit Marie’s aunt to attend the wedding of her eldest daughter. We were put up in one of the kid’s bedrooms, with us in the bed and the kid on an air mattress on the floor. The “kid” was seventeen-year-old Lauren, the youngest daughter.

Marie and I were still newlyweds, and we were fooling around under the sheets one morning, when we noticed that Lauren was already out of bed and out of the room. Marie was not a beautiful woman, but she wanted all the sex I could give her, and she was easy to arouse. I enjoy making a girl cum, so I was going after her G-Spot, and she was about to cum when Lauren walked into her room. I knew Marie would be bitchy all day if I didn’t finish her off, so I gave her G-Spot the final press and release cycles needed to send my wife falling over the edge into a morning orgasm.

Of course, Lauren saw, and of course she couldn’t miss the tent my cock was making under the sheet.

Lauren is one of those smart mouthed girls who acts like she is experienced when she is really still a virgin. She said, “George, do you know what’s a ‘dickfur’?”

I was still sleepy, so I wasn’t at my sharpest. I said, “No, I don’t.”

Lauren said, “Well, you are forty-five, and you’ve got a dick. I’d think you’d know what it was for, by now!”

Hahahaha, everybody laugh at George. I was about to let it slide and escape to the bathroom when Lauren unwrapped her robe and flashed me her tits. It wasn’t accidental, the girl gave me a good, long look at her C cup tits, capped with erect, pencil eraser sized, brown nipples.

Marie moved fast for a chubby girl who had just cum hard enough she had to stuff a fist in her mouth to keep quiet. My wife tackled her cousin, and put the teenager on her back on the air mattress.

Marie said, “Teasing bitches always make a mistake and flash their tits at the wrong guy. You act like you know all about sex. Now your C cup boobies are nice, but I know George would rather be playing with my double Ds. Still, you need to be taught a lesson, little girl, so my husband is going to do me a favor and fuck your little teenie pussy with his grown man dick to show you what a real man’s dick is for.

“Oh, and by the way, I’m going to sit on your bratty mouth, and you better not stop eating my pussy the whole time my George is fucking your little brains out.”

I didn’t want a penile abrasion from a desert dry, scared virgin’s pussy, so I started out by going after Lauren’s tits. I mauled them and made her moan into Marie’s cunt. I sucked her nipples until the teenager squirmed her hips.

Marie said, “Don’t be a lazy bitch. Eat my pussy good, or I’ll smother you. Now get busy and lick your cousin’s clit!”

I kept sucking Lauren’s nipples and I slipped a finger into her pussy. I felt her hymen, so I didn’t finger fuck her vigorously. Instead, I turned my finger over and found her G-Spot. I worked over the bumpy patch on the front wall of Lauren’s virgin cunt until the little tease came and soaked my finger.

I kept working her G-Spot while I slid down and started licking Lauren’s swollen pussy lips and probing her soaking wet hole with my tongue. I found her clit, and started licking her joy button and sucking on it until she came again. Her scream of pleasure was muffled by my wife’s pussy, mashed against her cousin’s mouth.

“Don’t get lazy you teasing bitch,” Marie rasped. “Eat my pussy and make your cousin cum as many times as you do. I’ve always known you are a little slut, and when my George gets finished with your skanky cunt, you’ll know in the depths of your womb that you are a cum slut whose pussy is meant to be stuffed and spunked as often as possible.”

I rammed my seven-inch dick all the way into Lauren’s soggy twat. I popped her cherry, and the teenager screamed from the shock of having her snatch full for the first time. Her scream was muffled by my wife riding her cousin’s face.

I said, “Hey Marie, guess who used to be a virgin?”

My wife said, “I’ll bet it was a mouthy little cock teasing teenager!”

“Right in one!” I said.

I don’t have a porn star cock, but my equipment is thick enough to rub Lauren’s clit on both the in stroke and out stroke. She came quickly. It was her first cock induced orgasm, and even though Marie was riding the teen’s face, Lauren’s babbling was clear evidence she was a girl who needed a hard bone up her quim to reach her full orgasmic potential.

I have this problem where if I get too excited, I can’t ejaculate for a long time. I was as worked up as I’d ever been, so I slammed Lauren’s tight cooze until she was cumming pretty much continuously.

Marie moaned and came on her cousin’s face. My wife came nearly as hard as she does when I fuck her. She rolled off Lauren’s mouth and lay gasping on the air mattress. I fucked Lauren’s convulsing cunt like I hated her, and it drove the teen into a sexual frenzy. She fucked me back as hard as she could.

I moved my knees closer to her ass an that let me get a longer stroke going. Marie turned on her side to watch, and she shoved a pillow under Lauren’s ass. That improved the angle, so that my prick was slipping and sliding just right. Without Marie’s swollen labia muffling everything Lauren said, I was treated to a little cock tease who had learned her place.

“Uncle George, fuck my slutty pussy good and hard. I need your big cock to teach my naughty cunt not to be a tease. Make me cum so hard I pass out. I promise I’ll be your sweet, obedient cum dump when I wake up. Please fuck me and make me your sex toy, Uncle George. Oh, it’s so good. Oh god, I’m going to cum so hard! Pound me into the bed. Show me my place is on my back, under a big, strong man,” Lauren babbled.

She came as hard as she predicted. Her satin smooth sheath clinched my cock hard and began to milk me. Her cry of pleasure pushed me over the edge, and I shot five strong ropes of boiling cream straight against her cervix. Lauren’s twat kept milking me until every drop of my scum was sucked inside her, with most of it plastered against her open cervix. My sperm filled semen was being lapped up by her cervix and carried into her womb.

Lauren was still squirming under me, and I quickly realized that although my balls were empty, my cock was still as hard as a rock. I kept right on fucking the teenager for another hour, until she whimpered, “Uncle George, my pussy is getting sore. Please dump another load in me, so my cunt won’t be too sore for you to use tomorrow.”

I’m a big sucker for that sort of talk, so the words were barely out of her mouth when a surprisingly big load of slime, the dregs of my balls, burst out of my cock head and shot straight into her open cervix.

Marie and I went to sleep with Lauren wedged in between us.

Lauren woke with a start and said, “We better get cleaned up and dressed before mom gets home. You know they don’t call her Typhoon Terrie for nothing.”

We got dressed in time to make lunch for the MOB. (mother of the bride) Marie helped her aunt go through her checklist again and make sure everything was ready.

After the bride and groom were on their way to Hawaii for their honeymoon, Marie and I stayed a week with her aunt Terrie. While Lauren’s mom was at work every day, Marie and I showed Lauren how a good little cum dump slut ought to behave. I enjoyed the time Marie ate out Lauren, while I emptied my balls on the teenager’s tonsils, but most of the time, I spunked her hot twat and planted my potent seed as deep inside her as I could.

At the end of the week, Marie and I drove home. We were feeling nastier than usual, and passing truckers were treated to the sight of me mauling Marie’s double D hooters, her red head in my lap, trying to drain me, or Marie with her feet on the dashboard and two or three of my fingers buried in her hungry, red fringed cunt.

When we got home, we found that my body had adapted to fucking both Marie and Lauren as often as they were horny. It was difficult for my wife to drain all my spunk by herself. Marie was a horny slut, and I was surprised she was having difficulty coping. After all, I was forty-five, and she was twenty-two. Marie wasn’t the kind of girl a guy needed to be considerate and not fuck her if he was still horny. She would take “being considerate” completely the wrong way. She’d think I was porking some other bitch and my balls didn’t have any juice left for her, so I continued to nail Marie every time I was hard enough to get my prick inside her. Marie kind of flourished, being so overworked by her husband, and she got even sexier, so I wanted to bonk her even more than our normal four times a day routine. My boys stepped up to the plate, like the champs they are, and I drowned Marie’s tight cunt with more scum than I’d ever pumped into any one girl.

Marie was one of those girls who wasn’t ugly, but she wasn’t pretty either. She had great DD cup tits that didn’t sag, and she never complained about me playing with them. She never told me to be gentle with her boobs; in fact, most of the time she was begging me to squeeze her hooters harder. She hadn’t had much sex before I discovered she was as hot in bed as her red pussy hair made me think she would be. That meant her cunt was nice and tight. Being lusted after was new to Marie, and she loved the way it made her feel to know that a computer engineer from one of the major companies in the world wanted to nail her five times a day.

About a month after we got home from the trip, Lauren was sitting on our porch when we got home from work. She looked shame faced when she said, “Cousin Marie, can I live with you for a while? I’m pregnant, and Typhoon Terrie threw me out of the house.”

Marie laughed and said, “Only if you promise to help me keep George’s balls properly drained. I can’t seem to keep up with his sperm production, although since I got a positive result on my pregnancy test yesterday, I may need to get fucked more often.”

Lauren giggled and said, “It’s a hard job, but somebody has to do it. It’s easier to clean up cream when it’s in a full to overflowing pussy than it is if the stuff gets on the sheets or the carpet or the couch.

“We can help each other out with our babies, and we can take the edge off for each other if your OLD man can’t keep up. We are family, after all.”
