No More Control
byR3ighter©

No More Control Ch. 25

Sonya once again made a sweet nectar cum soaked mess in Marietta's car. She smirked at the idea of getting the car detailed and the cleaning crew wondering what that sweet smell was. Marietta was getting used to permanent nudity thanks to the brazen actions of her best friend, partner in crime, and permanently nude Sonya. The women were so used to being nude in the car that traffic was no longer an issue. Even if anyone did notice, no one said anything.

While they were in stop and go traffic, Sonya spoke. "Hey Marie, I think I need to see what it's like to be totally by myself now that I have thrown all my clothes away. I have really enjoyed this weekend with you and you have been the best. But I need to see what it's like to be naked with no one around for full effect. I've gone from a shy prude to a lewd nude addict piratically overnight. This is the most logical next step. Now if you just want to walk naked from your car to my place, you can. I think apart of you wants to experience it. I only request you leave your clothes in the car if you do decide to come back up to my place. If we can get away with it on a regular basis, this should be your requirement when you drive to visit me from now on. Also you have spent a lot of time with me this weekend. Probably more than we have spent together in a long time. I'm sure there are things you need to do at home."

Taken aback by Sonya's need for space, Marietta paused before she responded. She loved every moment being around Sonya even if she was denied clothing. In fact if it wasn't for practical reasons, she would have probably taken her clothes out of her home too if Sonya demanded it. However, Sonya was right, she had to experience total nakedness without a safety blanket if she was going to complete her transformation. Marietta was still surprised she was enabling this behavior.

Marietta replied with a smile "Ok Sonya, I'll walk up the stairs naked with you and leave my clothes in the car. You are right, we have spent a lot of time together this weekend. I'm sure you have some catching up to do too with your own personal affairs. You have always been a loner and I don't see how that would change overnight."

Sonya chuckled. "Yeah a part of the old me is left somewhere, just the good parts though. Thanks for understanding Marie."

And with that, the two naked women continued small talk. The drivers were oblivious to the naked women driving in stop-go traffic. Maybe someone noticed, but certainly there was no reaction. The women played with their nipples, casually rubbed their pussy and just carried mundane life conversation. If it wasn't for the fact they were naked, it would be a typical human interaction on a lazy Sunday afternoon.

They arrived to Sonya's apartment, Marietta looked for a parking spot close to Sonya's building. Knowing she was required to be naked naked to see Sonya, minimizing her chances of being seen were now a priority. The typical butterflies you would expect welled up inside Marietta. She loved the thrill but she was not ready to flaunt her naked body to the level Sonya had achieved in just a short time.

Sonya on the other hand, hopped out the car without a car in the world presenting her bare goddess flesh for anyone who would notice such a spectacle. She stretched out her back arms outstretched. She even gave a yelp of satisfaction as her body got more limber from sitting in the car for all that time. She reached into the car and took her purse. This was her only possession she took with her as it had her keys and money. She even took the long way around the car to expose her body to the parking lot to see what was taking Marietta so long to get out the car.

"Come on slow poke!" Sonya said with a smile. She tapped gently on the driver's side glass. Marietta slowly got out the car, fully nude except her shoes. Sonya was quick to stop her.

"Shoes too. Leave them." She said with a sultry but also firm, demanding tone. Unable to resit such a sexy command, Marietta slipped off her shoes. Minus her purse, Marietta was fully nude just like Sonya. While she was ready to deal with Sonya's permanently nude lifestyle, she had not anticipated that Sonya would go as far as to force Marietta into this same lifestyle as well. She was turned on but also embarrassed as to what the naked goddess would require next.

Once out of the car, the two bare naked women began to climb the stairs to Sonya's apartment. They made it up to Sonya's floor undiscovered. Marietta was relieved. Sonya was kind of disappointed no one had seen her. Her desire for all to see her was insatiable at this point. However that quickly changed.

They were greeted by Samantha as Sonya was fishing her keys out her purse. Little did they know Samantha had been sitting by the window when Sonya to return. What they also didn't know that Samantha had seen them get out the car naked. Also what they did not know is that Samantha had been naked and masturbating thinking about being naked in public the whole time after she had seen Sonya.

Samantha was not ready to go outside her apartment naked, so she quickly slipped on lingerie. Her heart was pounding but she knew she would be accepted. Sonya and Marietta were climbing the stairs naked after all. She stood at her front door looking out the peep hole waiting for the naked women to come into view. She had been naked for so long her lingerie did feel slightly uncomfortable covering her body, but she would not have been able to go outside her apartment otherwise.

As soon as Sonya started to jingle her keys. Samantha stepped out her apartment exposing herself in public for the first time. Marietta's head snapped at the sound of the door opening. She was relieved to see it was just Samantha.

Shy, Samantha spoke. "Hey ladies."

"Oh hi Sam!" Sonya said with a warm smile. She left the keys in the door. Marietta took this moment to unlock the door in case they needed to dart inside for fear of being seen naked by other neighbors. Sonya bounded over to Samantha and gave her a half hug ensuring her skin did not come into contact with her fabric. Samantha was hypnotized by Sonya's perfect bouncing breasts. Her areola, her nipples, her boob size. Everything was simply marvelous to behold in person. Now they were coming right for her face.

Samantha was short and petite, she had a thin frame and small budding tits. However, she did have a nice hour glass figure and shapely ass. One would say she's petite and thick almost pear shaped. She has fair skin and red hair. That being said. Her face was right at the height of Sonya's chest.

"Look at you!" Sonya said with approval looking at Sam. "Did little 'ol me get convert you to try what I'm doing?" Sam nodded meekly with a smile.

"Well come on in to my place! Let's talk about it." Sonya placed her had on Samantha's bare flesh and gently pushed her forward to her apartment. Samantha padded gingerly over the cold concrete. Marietta watched the shy girl make her way to the apartment. Sonya's sudden attention to a new woman made Marietta a little jealous. A part of her knew that Sonya would be a different woman. It never occurred to her that she had to share. At that point moving forward, Marietta had the resolve to not be bested by this newcomer in her circle of flesh.


No More Control Ch. 26

"Sonya," Samantha said meekly. "I have a confession to make." Marietta and Sonya turned to the almost naked shy woman.

"What is it?" Sonya asked. The women had now walked into Sonya's apartment and closed the door. Samantha slowly began taking off her underwear. Once she was naked, Samantha spoke hands down not covering her body.

"Ever since I saw you, I can't stop thinking about being naked. It was so hard for me to concentrate. All I wanted to do was take my clothes off and experience a little bit of your lifestyle. I'm just so scared of getting in trouble though. I don't know how you do it. As soon as I got home, I took off all my clothes and stayed naked. I had never done that before and the feeling was liberating! I've never have been this horny before either. I have been playing in my pussy for hours thinking about being naked in public. I have never masturbated this much before in one day."

Samantha continued. "You gave me the impression that you are an open person so I'm not going to lie that I can't stop thinking about your naked body. You look incredible! Just when I thought I couldn't cum anymore, I decided to open my blinds and show myself and those same feelings of arousal came back all on their own once again! I just couldn't move away from the window. As luck would have it, you and Marietta came back and I was soo turned on seeing both of you naked like that in the parking lot! I even told my friends I could not meet with them today. What they didn't know was that I didn't want to put clothes on! I wanted to come out naked and greet you too, but I finally reached my limit and fear got a hold of me so I put on my best lingerie to come out and meet you! I was so nervous!"

Samantha had said everything so fast that Marietta and Sonya both had to process what they had just heard. This young woman had poured out her whole soul to these two butt naked strangers. She walked into a stranger's apartment and stripped naked on top of that. Sonya and Marietta looked at the little woman up and down. She was barely five feet tall, pear shaped with small tits and red hair. She had vivid gray eyes and the most polite tiny voice. You would never think she would have it in her to do and confess to the things she had been doing since she met Sonya. One would assume in her own way Sonya and Samantha were not much different prior to their nudity liberation.

Marietta was beginning to wonder if Sonya was her own fetish and was starting her own naked cult. She smiled at the idea but she didn't like the idea of competition. Sonya did confess her commitment to Marietta but the relationship that they were making was too new for her to gauge completely. She didn't want to come off as possessive or insecure to this newcomer. It took a lot of courage for Samantha to "come out" and confess her innermost taboo desires.

The silence persisted a little too long. Marietta made the first move. She walked over to Samantha and gave her a big warm hug. "Sonya has that affect on people Sam. In fact, one would say it's expected that you can't stop thinking about being naked after seeing her. Look at me, I went from her guardian to her slightly reluctant participant. Sonya's desire to have no clothes in her life is addicting."

Samantha trembled with excitement and awe happy to be accepted. Sonya stood there watching the two naked women interact with each other. However, it was hard to focus on them because Samantha had brought clothes into Sonya's naked home. She had worked so hard to get rid of body coverings of any kind. She looked at Sonya's clothes they way one would stare at a dog turd.

Marietta had noticed Sonya's eyes were darting to the clothes on the floor. Trying to be polite, Sonya had chosen not to say anything just yet. She had worked so hard to get rid of all her clothes that it felt very ironic that clothing still wound up appearing in her sanctuary. Choosing to intercept for Sonya Marietta spoke again.

"Sam, I have one small request for you. I know it's a super big step but there is something very important to Sonya you must do."

"What's that Marie?"

"You have to get rid of your clothes you dropped on her floor. Sonya has vowed to remove clothing from her life and even though she will not admit it right now, she is very bothered by the presence of your undergarments. While they are absolutely beautiful, it still is clothing. That is something Sonya cannot allow in her home. Can you please get rid of them?"

"How do I do that?" Sam said this meekly as her head bowed and to the floor. She felt bad because she had offended her new friends.

Sonya finally spoke spoke. "Sam, don't be ashamed or embarrassed. Don't feel bad at all. I'm the one that's been fainting and bumping my head and changing. I know what I'm doing is very far from the norms of regular society so I wouldn't expect you to know that is how I felt. We have practically lived side by side for years and know nothing about each other. Now here we both are exploring something new in life."

A devilish grin appeared on Sonya's face. Marietta knew this smile all too well. "I know what you can do to make it up to me," Sonya said with her sultry tone. Marietta knew where this was going. She could fell herself getting wet.

Looking forward to impressing her new idol, Samantha picked up her head with a twinkle in her eye. Shy and meek, she asked, "What is it?"

"Pick up your clothes, go back to your apartment and throw your lingerie in the trash. Come back here. I will be waiting. Also you have to do it while your hand is playing in your pussy. Marietta, can you stand outside and make sure she follows through with her request? I would do it myself, but I don't want to risk seeing any more clothing today if I go into her apartment." Sonya was really starting to enjoy telling people to do things while naked.

Samantha gasped in surprise. She could feel her body flush with arousal, but she didn't know if she could follow through. Sensing hesitation, Sonya said. "Well you could always say no and go back to a boring life of wearing clothes. Your choice"

Samantha didn't want to put clothes back on. She wanted to be like Sonya but she was so scared. Marietta didn't want to shun a new nudie to she decided to move things along. Before Samantha could react, Marietta calmly opened the door and stepped out in the nude with the front door wide open.

"See Sam? It's not that hard. Looks like you left your door unlocked I see your front door is open a little bit that should make things easier. It's just a few feet. You can do it."

Samantha took a long look at Marietta for the first time. She was thick in all the right places and had much larger jiggly tits compared to Sonya's but she was also very visually attractive. Marietta had a round unassuming face that also wouldn't lend itself to someone who was into a kink such as this but here she was naked for her best friend trying to encourage Samantha to do the same.

Overwhelmed by all the support, Samantha bent over, picked up her lingerie with one hand and put her other hand in she played in her pussy. Her first time naked outside will be while she's watched by another naked woman while she goes outside playing in her pussy.

Samantha gasped as she felt the daytime air on her private parts. She instantly got wet knowing that at any moment someone could see her. Her heart was pounding her chest. Even though it was only a few yards, she still felt so exposed but also more aroused. Her hand playing in her pussy enhanced these sensations. She half ran back to her place. Marietta called out "Walk next time!"

Samantha slowed her pace a few moments before she got back to her apartment. Marietta padded after her slowly knowing the risk of being seen was only a few seconds. Sonya wanting to be exposed now that she was sure that all clothing was out of her sight also stepped back out in the open and stood super woman style with her legs spread letting the air caress her wet and aroused womanly folds. Testing herself, she wanted to see how aroused she could get just standing naked outside without touching herself. To no surprise, her body responded in kind to once being exposed to fresh air. Her lips swelled to almost twice their size and her nipples hardened to big brown eraser heads. She smiled at who she had become. Her pussy was starting to drip on the concrete walkway.

Meanwhile Samantha had arrived back to her place and walked to the nearest trash can. Obediently throwing away her lingerie. It was growing quite obvious that Sonya's clothing free lifestyle was a step beyond what she had imagined. However she was unbearably aroused. She continued to play in her pussy. Unknown to Samantha, Sonya's influence or should we say Sonya's suddenly manifested sweet smelling scent was more than likely the cause. Sonya's scent and juices already demonstrated an arousing affect on Marietta and the couple in the park. Samantha was now part of Sonya's sphere of influence. Marietta stood and watched the naked woman gingerly parade around her apartment nude but she could also tell Samantha was nervous.

"Hey Sam? I know there is a lot to take in," Marietta said, "But look at me, I was supposed to be Sonya's guardian but apparently now I'm her partner in crime. Are you sure you want to go through with this, you look so nervous."

Samantha replied quickly, "I'm fine. I want to do this. I just didn't expect to do this so soon. It's such a rush to be naked in front of strange women and then going outside and then throwing away my clothes. I..," She stuttered, "I want to.., play with myself.. but I'm too ashamed to do it in front of someone."

"Well, I can let Sonya know and we will wait for you to come back. You just have to come back naked or Sonya won't let you in." Samantha sighed in relief. It felt good to get that off her chest. Her eyes had been opened to a new world and her body was ready but her mind was still catching up. Marietta smiled warmly at Samantha. Her small voice, and tiny shapely frame and her shy innocence eclipsed the possible threat of this woman taking Sonya away from her. Letting her insecurities rest, she walked over and hugged the naked woman.

"Whenever you get nervous," Marietta said "remember there are two other women like you living this lifestyle that are here to help you."


No More Control Ch. 27

Meanwhile, Sonya was still standing naked outside of her apartment on the verge of a no-touch orgasm. She was well aware her nudity addiction had progressed to extreme levels and she was uncertain if she even had limits. The very act of going outside in the nude and exposing her body where she could get caught was enough to stimulate a strong sexual response. Looking down at her naked body past her flat stomach, she could see her clit standing at attention. Her clit was about 1 inch long when fully aroused and proudly pointed out in whatever direction Sonya wanted to walk.

Below her clit, her swollen pussy lips engorged by arousal were leaking just a little bit of cum. She could hear the few drips hit the concrete below as a small sweetly scented puddle formed beneath her. Ever since her fainting spells, her body chemistry either started making some unknown pheromone or in some aspects her own cum had become unnaturally sweet smelling affecting everyone around her. She was certain that's how Marietta got pulled into her lifestyle and she felt it was only a matter of time before Samantha began to let go of her inhibitions too.

Fighting the urge to touch herself, Sonya locked her hands behind her head living her breasts higher where here nipples were pointing slightly upward towards the sun. Regulating her breathing, the naked woman tried her best to relax and focus on achieving her orgasm. She had never been this aroused before but she was so on edge that she felt this was as good as a time as any to try and achieve her goal. A few minutes had passed and she was wondering what was taking Sonya and Marietta so long to get back.

She hated to force the no clothing rule on Samantha so quickly, but she was so enraged by seeing clothing in her home. It seems her arousal level and hatred of clothing were hand in hand. She made a note to behave herself if she was ever invited over to a friend's house. Would she even be able to make new friends with her constant nudity?

Lost in her thoughts, her clit began to pulsate demanding attention. Her hips started bucking the open air begging for her touch. Sonya fought the urge to resist and tried to focus on her orgasm. It was about this time, Samantha and Marietta emerged from the next door apartment. Both naked women were all smiles. Samantha still looked a little reluctant and embarrassed, but that changed when she saw Sonya standing there air humping the sun. Samantha's eyes grew wide with amazement. Marietta could feel herself getting wet even though she didn't quite know what was happening.

First to speak, Marietta asked, "Uh, Sonya are you ok? What are trying to do exactly?"

"Trying to achieve orgasm while naked in public and not touching myself. I think I can do it." Sonya said this with her closed. She was really trying to cum with her mind.

"So that's what this is? I thought it was really bad dancing," Marietta spoke with a little bit of sarcasm. She mad a smirk on her face and walked over. Swaying her hips and bouncing her breasts just so. Sonya opened her eyes and watched her naked friend walk towards her. Samantha started idly playing with her nipples looking at the naked goddess and watching Marietta's hips sway and her booty shake.

Seeing so much naked skin in public was something Samantha had never seen before and the visual stimulation was making her horny. She was never this attracted to a woman before but Sonya's body just begged for all to see and get aroused by her. Watching Marietta sway her hips in confidence fully nude was beginning to inspire Samantha. Maybe she too could be half as confident as these naked women.

She also took the opportunity to observe Marietta. She was not bad looking herself. She had a thicker build than Sonya. Marietta had shapely hips, larger breasts, a sightly olive skin complexion and a round full face. Her black straight hair complimented her fully nude body. One would say she was thick in all the right places and her belly was mostly flat but proportional to her thicker dimensions. Samantha always desired to have larger breasts, but was never interested in augmenting her body through surgery. Looking at the stark contrast of naked bodies in front of her as well as her own petite frame, there was a change her preservatives. Her own body image was changing for the better.

As she began to play with her sensitive nipples and rub her pussy, in that moment Samantha realized her body was not that bad. It was her experience being nude outside in the open air with the possibility of being seen. Her male lovers never had complaints but she just never found "the one" to settle down with. While she was still young at 25, she just had not found that special person to settle down with. By no means was Samantha extremely promiscuous but in some ways like Sonya, she was looking for some kind of awakening. For the first time, Samantha was really enjoying her body and the skin she was in. Showing her body out in the open for these two women was extremely satisfying. She continued to watch the scene unfold in front of her as Marietta began to tease Sonya.

By this time, Sonya's concentration was broken. She started to break out in laughter. Her perfect breasts bouncing with her giggles. Her radiant smile beaming. She still tried to lock her hands to the back of her head in attempt to maintain conversation and achieve her goal. While she was still very turned on, she lost her concentration to push herself over the edge. She figured she would have to find a situation to try again later. Now she was just a horny aroused mess who needed to cum.

Because Marietta's back was turned, she didn't see Samantha has closed her eyes and was playing in her pussy. The visions of Sonya and Marietta's naked bodies were flowing through her head. She could feel the sun on her backside and the air caressing her legs and bare ass. With one hand, Samantha was playing in her pussy twirling and making the wet sexy sounds a nicely lubricated pussy makes. Her other hand was pinching her nipples. She began to bend her knees in pleasure. Sonya smiled looking at her new naked friend enjoy public masturbation. Marietta saw Sonya's gaze shift and turned around to witness the sight of a new naked convert. Marietta also began to smile. She was no longer jealous of Samantha. In fact Marietta's devious mind began to race all sorts of new ideas.

Sonya's nudity addiction was sudden and aggressively transformative through unforeseen events and circumstances. That in itself was an amazing spectacle that in over a few short days had led Sonya to abandon all caution and live without any clothes by choice. Samantha's situation was something new entirely. While she had also progressed quite quickly, she was willing to be told what to do and followed through to be accepted despite her apprehensions and inhibitions.

Just like Sonya had transformed Marietta to compromise with her own nudity, Marietta felt she could mold Samantha's willingness to please into a sexy situation. Sonya would be bold and fearless. Samantha would be submissive and willing. Both would go naked in public. Marietta began to get aroused at that thought. While she herself may never be as bold as Sonya, she wanted to push Samantha to new levels of shamelessness.

Life was good for these 3 naked women and their new lifestyle and sexually charged friendship.



28