Room service
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

We were on holiday and I was dying to see a quick fuck of my prudish wife. I had a plan. After a hectic day of sightseeing, I primed her by continually kissing her and tweaking her nipples. She was aroused. At dinner time, I bought her some tequila shots which like really loosened her up completely. When we were coming up our room, she was already like staggering and stuttering. Anyway, even then to be sure, I crushed three sleeping pills in a glass of orange juice and asked her to drink up so there was no hangover the next day. She made a face but drank the entire lot. But before she was gone, I asked her to order some room service - a beer, a gin and tonic and some nachos. She didn't even question why and ordered. She had not even kept the phone on the hook when she just slumped down. I had to be real quick as I "arranged" her on the bed, spread eagled, wearing just an open nightdress exposing her luscious breasts and her lush black haired pussy. I even slickened her pussy slit with some KY jelly. Then I scribbled a note to my wife and left it on the floor, leaving the door open a little bit like I had just stormed out. Then I dimmed the lights and hid inside the walk-in closet.

Five minutes (phew don't ask me how I managed to finish everything in time) later the room service was ringing the bell and when there was no response after two rings, I heard some one walked in unsure. "Mr. Lund?" I heard a probing voice repeat itself a few times. Then I peeked out. Oh sheer bad luck! It was the unsavory looking old black steward. He looked ugly, was pot-bellied and had this disinfectant type body odor. I guess they must have hired him for his politeness. Anyway, he was inspecting my wife tentatively. "Mrs. Lund? Are you okay?" Then he noticed my note. He picked it up, looked around and read it. "Oh fuck. What a shame! You left that son of a bitch of a husband of your, high and dry? Oh how could you Mrs. Lund?"

He had already kept the drinks down. He went around the head of the bed and gently tapped my wife on her head. "Hello there?" Seeing no response, he shook her a little more. Then he slapped her cheeks hard. No response still. Satisfied, he cupped her breasts tentatively and squeezed them. My wife didn't move. How could she? With so much alcohol and three sleeping pills in her system, she was out cold like a dead woman.

My old black mate then bent down and sucked her breasts noisily. He sucked one, and slathered his saliva around the brown nipples. Tweaking the left nipple with his big black old hands, he sucked on the other breast. Then he spat on his fingers and trailed a wet finger down her naval...moving south, his hands trembled a little before ruffling her lush pussy hair. Not content with that he looked around and slowly started rubbing her pussy slit with an old black finger. Up and down he went a few times. And then he slammed his long bony finger deep inside my wife's love tunnel. My wife quivered in her induced sleep but didn't budge. Emboldened by his new found treasure trove, the old steward got up and locked the door.

Standing by the door, he slowly rubbed his crotch and watched my naked wife sprawled on the king sized bed like an open invitation. He leered and unzipped his pants. Fishing for his cock he rubbed his old black bone a little more and then pulled it out. It was like a slithering black snake had come out of its hiding to hiss - an extremely long black snake with a puckered uncut head. I was now not so disappointed in the old fucker. His 10-inch of black meat was sending chills of pleasure down my cock's spine...and his heavy-set, low-hanging smelly black balls were giving my mouth a taste of sperms to cum.

Leroy, I read his name from his name tag, quietly moved to the bed and straddled my wife. He didn't waste much time in foreplay. His fat block cock was already rock hard and jerking up and down in anticipation of the taste of my wife's lovely hairy pussy. Leroy pulled his foreskin back to reveal a vile, purple, cock-cheese covered cock head. It looked as big as a purple pear, its flared ridge sticking out like a mushroom's head. The head was pre-lubricated with his sticky precum but he spread it across the large glans and the head shone in the dim lights. He held the giant cock by the root, to harden it even more and rubbed it up and down my wife's meaty pussy lips. She was out cold but her pussy was heating up. I saw her cunt spooge dribbling out. Leroy rubbed his cock up and down for a minute and then slowly pushed it in. My wife's fucking slutty cunt opened up like a flower - a meaty flower - and engulfed whatever was pushed in. Three inches slid in easily. Leroy pushed two more inches but half of his horsemeat, bearcock was still out. The rest of the five fat inches of his black horse cock slid in one deep stroke and we were in business.

He fucked her for 10 full minutes like a crazy man who had been holed up in a deserted island without a pussy. He pulled her pussy hair, inserted his middle finger up to the knuckle in her virgin ass, sniffed his fingers and fucked her some more. Each time he pulled out, white frothy cunt juice and his own precum lathed his cockbone shining on his jet black cock. He fucked in and out, spat at her breasts and even spat on her mouth so that some of his smelly saliva dribbled in her mouth. It was driving me crazy...but I waited for him to finish. Which he did soon. He pulled her knees up and fucked her brutally for two more minutes and shouted, "Take my nigger breeding cum, you fucking cheap slut," and then he slammed his slobbering hot fat cock deep inside my wife's pussy. He buckled in pain (I am sure it was pleasure) and emptied his big balls load inside my wife's fertile pussy. He folded her legs and held the knees up in the air to let his smelly cum seep, deep inside...right inside her womb to mate with one of her healthy eggs to make a coffee baby.

Then he got off her, zipped his pants and moved to her head. There he spat at her mouth one more time. Then the bastard maker gulped my gin and tonic and tiptoed out. I didn't notice that he didn't close the door properly but stormed out to suck his smelly black seed straight from my cumdump of a wife. It was bitter and tangy but I didn't complain. I slurped my wife's meaty pussy till it was dry like an oyster. Only then did I notice a long black cock dangling near my face and just inches from my wife's large holed pussy. The asshole had let on to his friend and the 70-year-old senile janitor was dangling his cock in my face now. I had no choice but to suck him hard and once he was hard I helped him push it in my wife's willing pussy. He came in five minutes flat, dumped his smelly yellow load in my pretty wife's fertile pussy and left. Before anyone else came in, I locked the door and dove right back in my wife's funky pussy to suck out the millions of black smelly sperm rushing to my wife's womb. It was a race against time but I sucked everything out...and then I fucked her to my fill and collapsed on top of her. This is how she found me next morning, still inside her pussy, getting hard and all the bitch could say was, "Honey, what a lovely way to wake your wife up. Now fuck me hard."