For CathyW
By abbeycakes


Like I promised, here are my 2 latest stories. This one happened last fall, I just never posted it. I hope you like it: 
 
It's been a while since my last big adventure. Real good opportunities are hard to come by, so a girl has to take advantage of any one that comes her way. Since I'm not as daring as others on the website (and more power to them), should a good opportunity come my way I'll go for it. 
 
My brother and his wife moved into their new house back in the spring. I saw photos as it was being built, but I never visited. My folks did, and said it's in the a very rural area about an hour and a half drive from my place. Some people like their solitude I guess. Anyway they planned on going away overnight with some friends, but the puppy they just got 2 weeks before threatened to kill those plans, since he's too young to leave alone or put in a kennel. 
 
Since I'd never been to their house I volunteered to puppysit. They heartily agreed. Armed with my Google maps and nav system, I drove out there early Saturday morning. It was a great drive, leaving "civilization" behind as I heading into the country with that fall chill in the air. What was really nice was seeing all the trees sporting their fall foliage. Once I got off the highway I realized what "middle of nowhere" actually means. I passed by several houses and through a fair-sized town on a major route, then turned onto a couple more narrower 2-lane roads with fewer and fewer houses, or signs of civilization for that matter. On the road to my brothers place I passed exactly 2 houses.  
 
My brothers "road" is more like a poorly paved driveway that's barely 2 cars wide. It's marked by a "Private" sign, even though the street is named. Go figure. About 50 yards up is his house. It's very nice, on a big piece of property, and yes, pretty much in the middle of nowhere. I pulled into the driveway, said my hellos, was introduced to Baxter and got the tour of the new house and it's amenities. My brother and sister-in-law showed me my room and all the supplies they stocked the kitchen with as if I was staying for a month rather than overnight. With that I helped them pack up their car and off they went. 
 
As they drove off I stood outside looking around. While country living isn't quite for me, the area they live in is really very nice and secluded. And secluded can be very good. I wandered further up their street and maybe 25 yards further up is a gate across the road barring traffic. Past the fence is a railroad track. From their overgrown and decrepit looks they're obviously no longer in use. At this point the tracks are fairly straight and one can see a pretty good distance from either way, and cross over the road though there's no crossing grade -- a safety issue perhaps lol. The street goes another 25 yards and dead ends. From there I saw three paths that lead into the woods. 
 
I could see that two just ended in more woods and would have involved some serious hiking, so I followed the one that looked like it didn't and it came to an open field. Across the field was a drainage ditch and another road. I hung out there for a little bit and didn't see any cars. I walked back to my brothers house, a plan formulating in my head. But since my first responsibility was Baxter, I tended to him. 
 
Baxter had gotten pretty revved up, so I took him out in the yard. After he did his puppy business (yes, I picked it up), we played for about an hour. Unbelievable how much energy a puppy could have. But just like my brother and sister-in-law told me, he'd play his little puppy ass off and then take a nice long nap. I could tell he was tired, so I took him back inside and placed him in his little puppy pen. He had a drink of water, crawled onto his doggy bed and fell asleep. It was about 11:00 AM. With Baxter taken care of and asleep, I wouldn't have to tend to him for a couple hours at least. I went back outside. 
 
It was still chilly out, but it felt good. I walked up my brother's road, past the gate and to the train tracks. Looking around and taking one last listen, I started to strip. Usually I leave the house already nude, but not this time. I bent down and pulled off my shoes and socks. The chilly ground felt refreshing on my bare feet. I crossed the train tracks, dropping my jean jacket on the ground. A little further up my shirt was off and tossed aside. My nipples immediately responded to the cool air. Or maybe it was the arousal at what I was doing. 
 
I undid my jeans and pushed them to the ground. I stepped out of them and kicked them away. By the time I got to the end of the road I was just in my bra and panties. I had decided to walk to the field I had discovered earlier. Standing just outside the woods, I removed my bra, freeing my breasts. I entered the woods in just my panties. 
 
The trail was clearly marked, and the ground was soft. I wondered if I should have worn shoes, but that would have defeated my desire to be totally nude. As long as I walked carefully I'd be OK. Once I got to the field and slipped my panties down. They slid down my legs, and I picked them up and hung them on a tree by the trail. Last thing I needed was to get hopelessly lost while naked. As I crossed the field I relished being completely naked outside and in broad daylight. The chilly fall air was the perfect accompaniment to the arousal I was feeling. I felt naughtier than any time before. 
 
I crossed the field and drainage ditch and stepped onto the road. I looked both ways and listened for any traffic. Nothing but the breeze through the leaves. I strolled along the road, naked as the day I was born, caressing my body. As I walked along the road I resisted the urge to touch myself. I did my little ENF bit, imagining getting caught by some unsuspecting passer-by. I eventually left the road and reentered the field. I could see my bright blue panties still hanging from the tree off in the distance. I was a bit surprised at how far I'd walked as I headed back. 
 
I took my panties off the tree and headed back down the path, but I wasn't finished yet. I had no idea what time it was, but I figured I'd been out for about a half hour or so. I picked up my bra and left them and my panties with the rest of my discarded clothes. Then I set off down the train tracks. 
 
I'd seen several pictorials of girls nude on train tracks, and for some reason I always found them very erotic. To finally be one of those girls  was a real turn-on. By now I was so hot the temperature could have dropped 20 degrees and I wouldn't have felt it. I wandered down the tracks, again touching everywhere but where I needed it most. If I felt myself about to cum I stopped. 
 
After a little bit I turned around and realized the tracks had curved, so I couldn't see where I'd just come from. I shivered and moaned as I thought of how vulnerable I was, totally nude and far from my clothes and my brother's house. The thought was extremely arousing. I walked further still. 
 
Eventually I came upon a path into the woods. It was on the same side of the tracks as my brother's house, so I knew which direction it was going. I marked the entrance and headed in. This trail was wider than the other one, and pretty free of any forest debris. I walked deeper into the woods, surrounded by trees. What if I encountered some hikers. Boy, would that be a shock for everyone. I had absolutely nothing to cover myself with, since my clothes were so far away. I did another ENF impression, using one arm to cover my breasts, the other between my legs.  
 
Oops, I shouldn't have touched there, because as soon as my hand went down there I slipped a finger into my pussy. I just couldn't help it as I masturbated right there in the woods, practically convulsing as my orgasm hit. My hand was wet from myself. I wiped it along my breasts, then licked my fingers. Determined to get that feeling back, I gathered myself together and continued (a bit shakingly) down the path.  
 
Eventually this path led to another road. I had a pretty good idea this was the road that led to my brother's house, and since I also knew his house was to the right of the path, I'd go right. Heading back up the path to the train tracks wasn't really an option. The idea of walking along a country road bare-assed naked was  the only way to go as far as I was concerned at the moment. I knew that would get me aroused again. I looked to the left (the road was fairly straight, which was good), but to the right it curved slightly, hiding the approach any vehicle or whatnot. I'd have to listen very carefully. Off I went. 
 
OK, now I felt more exposed than any single time before. But my exposure only fueled my stimulation. It was just so brazen. I kept looking over my shoulder to see if anything was coming. I passed by a marker I recognized and knew I was heading in the right direction. I looked over my shoulder again and to my surprise could see a truck heading my way. 
 
"Oh shit," I thought as I looked for something to hide behind. Thank God the country is full of trees as I ducked behind a big one. The truck, a county vehicle, rumbled past, then stopped. Did they see me? No way, I was too well hidden. Two workmen got out, and started to replace a road sign on the other side. So there I was, totally naked and hiding behind a tree, waiting for these two guys to finish. The good thing was that this was exactly what I needed to get re-aroused really fast, and it was working. That these two guys had no idea there was a bare-assed girl just a few feet away was making me crazy horny. It was like the stories by Hooked6, Celestine and  Naked Jaybird. 
 
I was a nudeinsf.com story! 
 
The guys finished and drove away, and I couldn't get back to my brother's house fast enough. I hurried up his road, past his house to the gate across the road. Leaning on it, my hand went right between my legs and I think I went cross-eyed as my fingers worked their magic. If anyone had driven up the road right at that moment they'd have seen something they weren't likely to ever see again. I couldn't stop moaning as I slid 2 fingers in and out of my soaked sex, and finally screamed as I came. Good thing I was in the country, as this orgasm was mind-blowing. 
 
There's no doubt that the right location, scenario and situation can make somebody hornier than usual. What I did was just so brazen (at least for me) that when I came I came good. I need more of these opportunities. 








This one happened last week. For anyone who's read my previous stories about my being naked at work, things have changed a bit. My uncle's company moved out of the industrial park and into a bigger building on it's own large piece of property. It's on a 2 lane local road, across from a big rural cemetery (I just can't get away from these things). 
 
 
Last Thursday I worked late. My folks were out of town, so I would be the only one home. My uncle was the last to leave and asked if I was OK and if I wanted him to wait, but I told him I only need an hour tops to finish up and I'd call him when I got home. He said OK and left. I watched his car pull out of the parking lot and drive away. I was done in about an hour and a half, and it was tough keeping my mind on my work thinking about what I was about to do. Doing a bit of planning, I found out the cemetery closes at 8:00 PM, and there isn't much in the way of security short of the police making the occasional rounds. Not for nothing, but there isn't much in the way of houses and such in the area, so it's not like kids are going to wander over. Plus the somewhat ominous "No Trespassing" signs would probably deter most. Plus from what I could see (thanks to the roof and a pair of binoculars) not too many people visit during the week. 
 
But not me. 
 
During the day I was moving a couple of the company's trucks and I made sure to park one alongside my car, thus blocking anyone from seeing it from the road. The day was overcast with showers predicted later in the day. Wrapping up my work around 9:00 I shut down my computer and left my office. I had left the lights off so it would seem nobody was working late. I double-checked nobody was still there. Everybody was gone. The coast was clear. I left from the back door by the loading dock and walked to my car, perfectly hidden from the road. It was just starting to get dark and drizzling lightly by that time. I just couldn't wait until it was totally dark. 
 
Pulling out my cell phone I called my uncle and told him I was pulling into my driveway and I'd see him tomorrow. I popped open my trunk and tossed in my bag. My sandals followed. As did my t-shirt, jeans, bra, panties, watch, earrings and bracelets. I was debating whether I should wear something and "lose" it, but I decided I was doing this already totally nude. I then placed my keys under the drivers seat. It was starting to rain a little harder and I was getting wetter and wetter. I was so aroused by this time I was shaking. Much too early to do anything yet. Stepping away from my car and around the truck I headed for the road. Ready to hide if a car was coming, I looked both ways. Nothing. I stood on the yellow line and stretched my arms over my head, exposing my naked body to the whole world. Bare-assed and barefoot I hurried into the trees. Clearing the trees I could feel my heart going a million miles an hour as I crawled on all fours towards the cemetery. The wet grass against my naked skin felt so erotic, and my hair was plastered to my face as the rain came down just a bit harder. My pussy begged to be touched, but not yet. 
 
I finally made it to the cemetery proper. I stood up and looked around. Nothing but me. I strolled throughout the headstones as it got darker and darker. Everything was so quiet. Just me and the sound of the rain. I walked deeper into the cemetery, my engorged sex screaming for release. My nipples were so hard they could have cut glass. But not yet. I played with my titties as I walked, not sure if the wetness dripping down my leg was the rain or me. Finally I couldn't take it anymore. 
 
Leaning forward, I steadied myself with one hand against a large headstone while my other hand slid between my spread legs. I imagined a fully clothed audience watching me as I masturbated totally nude and dripping wet. I tried to make it last by just teasing myself, but my lust was in control as I slid 2 fingers into my soaked pussy. I pumped my ass to the rhythm of my fingers as my orgasm built. Biting my lip I came and it was incredible. I flopped onto the wet grasp trying to catch my breath while still stroking between my legs. I just lay there letting the rain fall on my naked body. Hopefully the sprits enjoyed the show. 
 
I got up and started to head back, and that's when I realized I wasn't sure which direction to go. There were no stars to go by, no lights except for widely spaced lamposts and no landmarks. Rows of headstones look even more nondescript in the dark. Oops I thought, was I lost? Lost and completely nude. That thought rekindled my arousal. Imagine being found the next morning wandering around totally nude, miles from where I started, outside and in public, smelling of my arousal. I imagined being found in such a state, perhaps forced to humiliate myself for my discoverers. What if they were workmen busy on some road project when they spotted me? Break time as they pulled out their cocks, offering them to my mouth. They'd spray their cum all over me, then leave me, their lust satisfied, sticky with their cream. That was making me hornier still. 
 
I walked in what I figured was the right direction, and it was, but when I got to the road it wasn't across from the office. It was the right road, but which way do I go? I had no idea what time it was, only that it was dark and I was walking naked along a 2-lane local road. Feeling daring, I walked right down the middle, constantly checking over my shoulder for any approaching cars.  
 
Feeling very horny again, I saw headlights in the distance and hurried to the side of the road. I hunkered down in a ditch while a car shot past. If only the driver knew what he'd just passed. I climbed out of the ditch and continued walking. Thinking about what it would be like to be caught naked in the headlights of a car I slid my hand down my belly towards my sweet petals. I pictured myself bent over the hood completely naked while the woman driver took me from behind with her strap-on (which everyone carries in their car, right? LOL). I lay down on the road (the asphalt wasn't terribly comfortable, but I didn't care), lifted my ass off the ground and started to masturbate right there in the middle of the road. As my orgasm built, I realized I was nearing a point when I'd be very vulnerable. If a car approached I'd have to move, but right now I was feeling real good. Thank God nobody came by as a came again in an even more incredible orgasm.  
 
I just lay there licking my fingers, and reaching between my legs with my other hand I started to diddle myself again, and came a third time. Finally I got up and continued on, just a bit wobbly. After a bit I could see the company sign in the distance. By now it had stopped raining. I got to my car (the dashboard clock read 11:22. I'd been out over 2 hours) and cleaned myself off with my t-shirt. Rather then put something on, I decided to drive home nude. The leather seat felt great against my bare ass. The drive is about a half hour, and I passed several cars on the way, including a police car. Nobody noticed. Oh well, their loss. At one point I pulled over and hopped into the passenger seat. Placing my feet on the dashboard I masturbated a fourth time. That's when I felt most at risk, and I think that made it even better. 
 
I finally got home, tossed all my stuff on the kitchen counter and skinny-dipped in the pool. Then I went to bed with my hand nestled between my legs and had very sweet dreams. 





