What Underwear?
By NoPantiesTami

Rejuvenating a stale marrage.

After a couple of decades of marriage, the spark king of faded a little and as of late she had become less cooperative with my ideas of fun. Since she didn't need to work and my job was highly stressful, I needed intimacy my wife and the little things she used to do seemed to not matter as much any more.

After another argument, I decided to do something. I acted like a good husband by carrying the laundry down stairs and wash some clothes.

​While I sorted the laundry, I separated my wifes panties from the rest of the clothes, then I dumped them behind the washing machine and dryer.

After a couple of days Tami asked, did you do something with my underwear? I just smiled and she smirked back saying, I'll just buy some more. I said if you do, they will disappear as well.

I can't go around with out panties all the time especially at church. Why not? You used too all the time. Thats one of the reasons I married you. How about we compromise? I'll take you underwear shopping but we'll pick them out together.

We went to the lingerie aisle and she gravitated to granny panties and pretty pastels. I suggested skimpier and held up a pair of thongs. You really want me wearing those. No, I'd rather you be naked under your skirt, as you are now.

She kind of half smiled and took them and said I don't know how comfortable it will be with that string up my butt. We ended buying about half a dozen pairs of thongs. I found a pair with a metal chain and insisted we buy those as well.

After a couple of days, it was time for Sunday School. We loaded the kids in the back of the car and headed on to church. By the way, the car we drove was a small Ford Contour sedan. If you've read the story, "I Love Shopping With You" it was the same vehicle we drove while when we made love while I was driving. Back to our story.

We arrived at church, ushered the kids in and my wife whispered in my ear, I'm wearing my chain thong. I ​smiled and took her by the hand.

She was friendlier than she had been in a ling time and after Sunday School, several of the saints go out and eat together for a time of fellowship. We kept sharing knowing glances during our meal and on the way home, the kids dozed off in back of our car.

While I was driving, I asked Tami how did the thong feel. She said it wasn't as bad as she thought. My wife asked what did I think of her wearing her chain thong. I liked it and I'll call you my chain woman. She looked in back to make sure the kids we asleep, than reach over, unzipped my dress pants and pulled out my erection. She gripped the shaft with the head sticking up like a mushroom. You better put him away ​before pulling in the drive way and the kids awake.

I'll empty you out when we get home.

That was the first of many times for a bit until one Sunday we were heading to church and she whispered in my ear the thong she's wearing was uncomfortable.

I suggested she take it off. We pulled in and I got the kids out of the back of the car. Tami lingered a bit then followed. I didn't think anything of it at the time.

When the preacher started ministering, Tami leaned over and whispered in my ear, no u's. I didn't understand at first then I looked at her and she smiled, no u's.

I put my arm behind her and pulled her closer to me. I put my hand in the thigh and she gripped it tight and from that time on Tami rarely wore panties.

No panties on at church, home, and shopping. When we go to out of town to church camp or on vacation, she wouldn't pack any underwear.

Even when we went motorcycle riding, no panties. I had to be careful how I parked so when she dismounted no one else would know our secret. It is nice to be flashed by my wife when possible and great to grab my wife backside and feel her lack of underwear.
