Myrtle beach dares
by Abby


My best friend and I went on a trip to Myrtle beach together when we were about 14 or fifteen years old. While we were there we came up with this "game" to see who could embarrass the other one the most. It wasn't like doing pranks on each other though. It was more of giving dares to each other and if you didn't do your dare then... you were a loser. Now that I think about it, there really was no punishment. 

My friends name was Hailey by the way. The hotel we stayed at had a pool that was open 24 hours a day. We only stayed at Myrtle for a week and we would always finish off the day by going to the pool. Usually around 9-10pm was when we got there and we stayed there for a few hours. Just the two of us. 

The first night we barely did anything embarrassing. We wold just take off our tops for a second. I was not afraid of being seen naked by Hailey but I was terrified of letting someone else see me naked. We went back to the room and took showers. 

The next night was a lot more intense. We were getting fully naked and jumping into the pool. I dared Hailey to walk back to our room with just a towel on. Nobody noticed her and we got back to the room. I took my shower and when I got out Hailey dared me to walk in the hotel halls naked. She used the socks I brought to tie my hands behind my back and as a blindfold. When I first walked out the door I could feel the cold cement on my feet. The hallway was sort of like a balcony. We were on the seventh floor. Hailey lifted up my shirt and revealed my nipples. Then she pulled down my short pajama bottoms to leave me with nothing covering my privates but my panties. We walked all the way down and turned around. Hailey grabbed my panties and pulled them down just enough to show my whole vagina and ass. The sensation of being uncovered like that was indescribable. The feeling of not knowing if someone is going to see you nude. We got back to the room and I was untied. I put my clothes back on normally and went to sleep. 

The next day we didn't do anything special so we had an entire day to embarrass each other. We went to the gym in the hotel and when we walked into the change room we saw at least five people naked and we knew it was our chance to embarrass each other. I was mortified of this but I didn't let it show. Or least I think I didn't. We left and came back with a change of clothes. We were going to shower in the change room and change clothes. When we came back there was a fairly young girl naked in there. About ten years old. I got into my underwear and was so nervous. Hailey had already gotten into the showers and I was just standing there by the locker. We both knew the faster we got it done the better. I took my underwear off. I turned around and almost fell to my knees. There was at least fifteen other girls in there. Mostly women who were about twenty. I went to the shower and I was already feeling defeated. I got out when Hailey did. When we were drying off, she dared me to "drop" my clothes and bend over to pick them up. Trying not to look like a total wimp I did it. I am not sure if you reading this has ever been seen naked before like this but if you haven't then you have no idea how humiliating it is. For the rest of the day I basically sat in the hotel room watching tv. Doing occasional things. Right before we went to sleep I dared Hailey to be my personal slave girl. She had to be stripped down naked and then do as I say. I made her lick my toes and let me spank her. 

The next day was basically uneventful. Small things here and there but nothing worth noting. 

The last day Was the best/worst. We came back to the pool and stripped down again. Hailey dared me to rub my own pussy. I was comfortable being naked in front of her but that was just humiliating. I did it though. We were walking back to the room when Hailey pulled my bottom piece down. She bent me over and spread my ass apart. I stepped out of my bottoms and told her to give me back my bathing suit. She told me I get it back when we get to the room. I walked past the main desk with nothing covering me down there. They didn't notice or say anything. We got back and Hailey dared me to let her tie me up. Sure I think why not. She uses double everything to tie. Two socks to tie my hands and feet and cover my eyes. She stakes off my top and puts me on the bed. She gropes my body and rub my pussy. I was so humiliated. She brings me to the tub and puts my vagina under the bath faucet with my feet in the air. She turned it on and left me. the cold water hitting my vagina was breath taking. It took me a while but I undid the ties. My vagina was red and sore. It was obvious that I had orgasmed a lot. I took my last shower and that was the end off my trip to Myrtle beach.