_This is for TJ- His inspiration, his fantasy, my words! I hope I did it justice, and I hope you like it! – Happy Birthday!!_
The seven of us checked in to the hotel around five p.m. I had been looking forward to this trip for weeks now, ever since we planned it.
My wife and my sister had put this trip together just a few weeks ago. After so many attempts of trying to get together had failed, they decided to take matters into their own hands, and plan a long weekend away together.
It was myself and my wife Mary, our daughter Sara, who had just turned six, my sister Karen, her husband Tom, and their two kids, Michael and Lynne who were both thirteen.
It had been quite some time since our families have been able to spend any time together, since we lived so far away. So we picked a destination halfway between us and decided to meet up for four days of family fun.
I was really looking forward to seeing my sister and her family.
As we pulled into the parking lot of the hotel, we saw Tom unloading the car.
"Here long?"
"Only about five minutes. Karen's inside checking us in."
We all piled out of the car, and exchanged hello's with my brother-in-law and the twins. The kids immediately ran inside, as my wife chased behind them.
"So how have you been Tom, You look good."
"Thanks. You too."
We hauled all the luggage behind us as we walked into the hotel.
"My sister been treating you good?"
"He doesn't have any complaints." My sister said.
"Ears like a fox." Tom joked.
I hugged my sister, who looked absolutely stunning for a mother of two, and I told her so.
"She works out like a fiend." Tom added.
"Well it shows. You haven't looked this good since you were sixteen."
"Yea yea, save the compliments for your gorgeous wife. At least with her they'll pay off."
"Don't bet on it." Mary said.
We all found our way to our rooms and settled in. The girls got two adjoining rooms, each with two double beds.
Tom and Karen found their way into our room, as the kids entertained themselves in theirs.
"Well what's on the agenda for tonight ladies?"
"Well we thought we'd take the kids and get a bite to eat, then we can plan the rest of the trip over dinner."
Dinner was going well, until Karen got a sudden headache, and wanted to go back to the room. My wife suggested that I drive back with her, so Tom could spend time with his kids. All the kids were insisting on going to the arcade that we passed on the way to the restaurant. Mary said she and Tom would be okay with the kids, and that it would be nice for me to spend some time with my sister. I agreed, and Karen and I headed back to the hotel.
"I feel bad. You didn't have to come back with me. I would have been just fine on my own."
"It's no problem at all. We still have the whole time ahead of us."
"Well still, I didn't want to ruin your night."
"Don't worry about it sis, you're not ruining anything. It's really great to see you."
She smiled and rested her head on my shoulder for the rest of the drive back to the hotel.
When we got to our rooms, I excused myself to use the bathroom. When I came out my sister was already changed into a long night-shirt, and lying on top of the bed.
"Well I guess I'll let you get some rest. Is there anything I can get you?"
"Don't be silly! Come here and keep me company. It's just a little headache, and it's already starting to feel better. I think it was just all the traveling today."
"Alright, but let me go change, and I'll be right back."
I changed into a pair of sweat shorts and a T shirt, got us a couple of sodas from the machine, and headed back to my sister, who was flipping through the television channels.
She patted the bed next to her. "Cmon over and have a seat."
I laid down next to her and got comfortable, as we caught ourselves up on each others lives, and made small talk about the crappy television shows.
"So is everything good with you and Mary?"
"Yea. As good as it gets I guess."
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"Nothing. Well you know, as good as can be expected with a six year old running around."
"Ha. I know the feeling! Try having two sometime, and then come and talk to me."
"Yea well it'll get better."
"Not anytime soon. I think Tom and I have more sex alone than with each other!"
"Yea I know what you mean. My electric bill is sky high lately!"
We both laughed, and settled back on the television.
"There aren't any kids here now."
"Huh?"
"It just amazes me how quiet it can be when they're not around."
"Oh…yea. Quiet."
"God the television sucks here. What else is on?"
My sister grabbed the remote and flipped around, stopping on the adult menu page.
"Ooh look little brother, the naughty channel. Want to check it out?"
"Not really. I mean you've seen one, you've seen 'em all right? Besides, what would Tom and Mary think when it shows up on the bill?"
"Aah well just tell them you hit it by accident."
"Why me?"
"Cause you're a man, they'll believe it more if we say you did it! So whaddaya say?"
"I don't know Karen. Watching a porno with my sister really isn't on my list of things to do."
"Oh please! your such a baby! It beats the hell out of anything else that's on, besides it'll give us an opportunity to see what we're missing."
I just laughed and shook my head.
"Good, now which one should we watch?"
She flipped through the description of each film, until she settled on the last one.
"Okay this will have to do."
She pressed the button, and within minutes, there was a big breasted blonde being pumped by a good looking man with a huge cock. I was really uncomfortable at first, sitting next to my sister, but as I began to focus on the movie, I practically forgot she was there.
We sat in silence for a few minutes while the movie played on. It was then I realized that I was becoming a little excited, and I thought I'd better focus my attention elsewhere. After all, there would be no way I was going to be able to hide an erection in sweat shorts.
"Do you want another soda?"
"No I don't want another soda. I didn't even drink the first one, you can have mine."
"Great! Now what?" I thought.
"Maybe we should turn this off, I think they might be coming back soon."
"It's only ten to eight, they won't be back for a few hours. Besides, we both have the keys, so well know when they're here. Anyway it's just starting to get good."
"Yea but, I don't know…"
"Oh my God listen to you! You're worse than Lynne with all that whining. It's okay if your dick gets hard, that's what's supposed to happen. It's no big deal. It's not like anything I haven't seen before. Now shut up and watch!"
"My dick getting hard isn't the problem. My dick getting hard while my sister is here is!"
"Oh for God's sake. It's not like it's the first hard-on I've ever seen! What is it small or something?"
"No! I mean that's not the problem."
She laughed. "I know sweetie. Don't worry, I'm sure it's huge! I don't want to hurt your fragile ego, so if it bothers you that much, we'll just get under the covers, and then I won't see your massive erection. After all, I wouldn't want it to frighten me!"
"Your unbelievable, you know that?"
"Yes, I've been told before. Now just get under the covers with me."
I knew from years of growing up with my sister that there was no point in arguing with her, so I just slipped under the covers. She smiled at me and slipped in on the other side. She focused her attention back on the screen, but she had a crooked smile on her face, and her tongue rested in her cheek. Basically, it was her "Ha! I won again" look. I just shook my head, and thought of Tom. "Poor bastard" I thought.
Once again, I turned my attention on the movie. Two beautiful girls were locked in a sixty-nine. It's a good thing I was under the covers, because now my hard-on was raging. I couldn't help but feel a little self- conscious about my current state of arousal, being that my sister was right next to me, but I figured if it didn't bother her, then I wouldn't let it bother me.
As my cock throbbed at the sight of the two porn princesses going at each other, I couldn't help but feel a little "dirty." I can't remember the last time my wife wanted to watch a porno. Now I was sitting here with my sister. Maybe it was just me, but I was sure she had to be getting somewhat aroused, I mean, after all this was her idea. In reality, it was probably just her enjoyment of watching me squirm under the circumstances that was giving her pleasure, or so I thought.
I was lost in my thoughts, when out of the corner of my eye, I noticed the blankets slowly moving where my sister was.
"Is she doing what I think she's doing?" I couldn't believe it! My sister was playing with herself right there! My hard-on was straining against my shorts, and I could feel it starting to leak. My throat was dry, and my whole body was hot. I couldn't believe that I was so aroused. Never in my wildest dreams would I imagine my sister in this way, but now that it was right here, It was driving me insane.
I didn't want to draw my attention to her, partly because I wanted to see how far she would take it, and partly because there was a side of me that thought she was just jerking me around.
Soon, it was no longer easy to ignore her. Her hands were moving steadily under the blankets, and her breathing was getting heavier. I finally decided to call her.
"What the hell are you doing?"
"What does it look like I'm doing?"
"I know what it looks like! Why are you doing it here?"
"Why not?"
"Because I'm right next to you!"
"So? If it bothers you, leave."
"It doesn't bother me, I just can't believe you would do it while I'm here."
"Why don't you do it with me? You must be ready to explode by now!"
"Don't you think that it's a little weird?"
"What's so weird about it? Everyone does it."
"Yea but not with their sisters!"
"It's not like we're fucking! Besides, we're under the covers. I can't see you, and you can't see me. Quit worrying about everything and just do what you want to do."
For some reason, she made a lot of sense. My dick was begging for release. I reached down and freed it from my shorts. I grabbed on to the shaft, and smeared my pre-cum around the head with my thumb, and began to pump my rock hard cock. I didn't take my eyes off my sister the whole time. By now, her hands were working feverishly under the covers, and her hips were rocking steadily. I matched her movements, praying to get a glimpse of what she was doing. Suddenly she rolled towards me, so we were just inches apart. She threw her leg over mine and pulled me towards her, causing me to roll on my side to face her. She looked straight into my eyes as she bucked her hips into her busy hand.. My hand was bumping into hers as we worked on ourselves feverishly.
"That's it, stroke that nice cock for me. Cum for your big sister. Let me feel it."
I needed no further encouragement. I thrust my hips forward, pressing myself against the back of her hand, and shot my load. It felt like I was cumming for days. Shortly after, I felt my sister grind hard into me as her own orgasm hit her. She started to shake uncontrollably, and her body stiffened. She let out a long groan, and finally collapsed.
We were silent for a few seconds while we caught or breath. I could feel my cum dripping between the two of us, soaking the sheets.
"Wow little brother, that was some load you had stored up. Don't you feel better now?"
"I do."
"See I knew you would."
"Well you ruined this for the evening" She said, pulling her nightshirt over her head and stuffing it under the bed. She snuggled in close to me. Her body felt amazing pressed against mine.
"I have a confession to make."
"Oh yea? And what would that be?"
"Do you remember that big party I had at mom & dad's?"
"Huh, which one?"
"The one just a few weeks after your eighteenth birthday."
"Yea, vaguely, but yea. I got pretty hammered that night."
"Yes, you did. My friend and I had to carry you to your bed."
"Aah that's how I got there."
"Well when everyone was gone, I started to undress you. You were dead to the world. Anyway, as I pulled your jeans off, your underwear came down with them. I didn't mean for it to happen, but that big cock of yours just flopped right out in front of me."
   She looked down at my crotch, and then back at me.
"Anyway, maybe it was the booze, but I couldn't resist. I started to stroke you until you got hard. It was so beautiful. I had never sucked a cock before, and I wanted to try it. I figured you would never know, so I put you in my mouth. The feeling got me so hot, I stripped of my shorts and fingered myself the whole time. I sucked your cock, until we both came. I was a little disappointed that you never woke up."
"I can't believe your telling me this. I can't believe you did that!"
"There's more. Ever since that night, that's all I can think about when I suck cock. The thought of your dick in my mouth gets me off quicker and harder than anything else. I think about it all the time."
I didn't know what to say.
"The only problem is, you didn't know it. I want to suck your cock. I want you to feel it."
Without hesitation, she pulled the covers off of both of us, revealing her perfect body to me, and instantly dropped her head down and wrapped her lips around my shrinking cock. Her expert tongue and lips instantly brought me back to life. This was by far the best blow-job I've ever had. I watched as her head bobbed down on my cock, as if she was possessed. Her one hand stroked my shaft and balls while the other found it's way between her legs. She stroked and sucked me until I couldn't hold out any longer, and I blew my second load in her mouth. She eagerly swallowed every drop as her body began to shake again with her second orgasm. Her hand never left my cock, and when she regained herself she pulled herself back up to me and kissed me hard on the lips. As her tongue swirled around my own, I savored the salty taste on her lips.
She threw her one arm around my head pressed herself tightly into me. She gently stroked the back of my neck, while the other hand still lovingly stroked my cock. She broke our kiss, and rested her head on my shoulder. My eyes drank in the sight of her body. She was a perfect 10 from her long dark hair, to the tips of her toes. Her tits were perfect, and stood straight up with practically no sag at all. I could tell she really worked on her body.
Just as my mind started to relax, and get used to the soft touch of my sister melting into me, the phone rang. We both jumped, and my sister rolled over to answer it.
"Hello… Damn!…oh nothing, I just spilled a soda all over me…"
She looked at me and winked.
"Yea, better now…I think he's sleeping…did you have fun?"
She put her finger to her lips and smiled.
"Okay, see you then…bye."
She hung up the phone, and stood up.
"Guess who that was! They'll be here in a half hour, we better get cleaned up."
I got up and started to pull the sheets over the bed.
"Wait a minute."
She opened the can of soda next to her that she never drank and poured it on the pool of cum seeping into the sheets. Then she pulled out her nightshirt from under the bed and did the same. She looked at me and smiled.
"You look like you've done this before" I said jokingly.
She smiled at me. "Attention to detail is what sets us women apart from the men little brother."
She set the soda back on the table, and hurried into the bathroom. I stood awkwardly, not knowing what to do. I mean let's face it, how would one know what the proper etiquette is in this situation? I fixed myself up a little, and yelled to her in the bathroom.
"I guess I'd better be sleeping when they get her."
"Hold on a sec, I'll be right out."
About a minute passed, when she finally came out. She was still naked, and my cock twitched as though it was the first time I'd seen a naked woman before. She Walked up to me, wrapped her arms around me, and laid her head on my chest.
"Thank you."
"Thank you for what?"
"For being my brother. What we did tonight was something I have dreamed about for a long time, and you made my fantasy come true."
"Oh well uh…you're welcome then."
She pulled away from me and grabbed my hands, pulling me with her as she walked.
"Come here. We still have a few minutes, and there's something I want to give you."
She backed up to the bed and sat down. She pulled my shorts down, and my cock sprang in her face.
"Mmm still ready."
She licked her lips and looked in my eyes.
"Do you want to fuck me?"
I almost couldn't answer.
"Yes, but we don't have enough time. They'll be here any minute."
"I guess we'd better hurry then."
She wrapped her ankles around my legs and pulled me on top of her.
"Sis, I want this, I really do, but I don't want to rush."
"I know, but if I let this moment pass, and we don't do this, I could wind up regretting it for another 15 years, and I'm not about to do that."
I figured I'd better not spend precious time arguing, so I pushed her down, and kissed her hard. She grabbed on to my cock and led it straight to her hole. She moaned into my mouth as my head slipped between her moist lips. She wrapped her legs tightly around me and thrust her hips toward me until my cock was buried in her. I pumped hard. I was thinking that I hadn't cum three times in one night since I was like eighteen, and I was trying hard to concentrate on cumming, because I knew it would take a while. Just then I looked down at her beautiful face. Her eyes were staring into mine, and her lips were parted slightly.
"C"mon little brother fuck me. Give me your cum. Oh God I love you so much!"
I pumped harder and faster, and I could feel her pussy tightening around my cock. She bit her lip and closed her eyes, and before I knew what was happening, she had thrust one of her fingers in my asshole. The sensation was overwhelming, and I immediately felt my orgasm beginning to boil. We both came at the same time, and I collapsed on top of her. She pulled her finger from my ass, and stretched out underneath me.
"That was amazing little brother."
"Yes it was."
"I wish we didn't have to stop."
"Me either."
I rolled off of her and stood up, pulling her up with me. We shared one last kiss.
"What do we do now?" I asked.
"I don't know, but I'm not waiting as long as I did last time to have you again. We'll have to figure something out. In the meantime, I'll be thinking of you."
I got into my own bed about five minutes before my wife and Sara came into the room. I pretended that I was asleep as my wife settled next to me. She kissed me on the cheek and rolled over. I heard our daughter settling down as well, and the faint commotion of Tom and the kids doing the same next door. I knew my life would never be the same.
The next night Tom suggested that he take Sara for a few hours so my wife and I could have some alone time, if I would do the same for him later. I agreed. My wife and I had the hottest sex of our lives. I lost count of how many orgasms she had. I did things to her that I never thought she would agree to, but I never gave her the opportunity to protest.
When we finished she snuggled into me and whispered in my ear.
"That was amazing. I don't know what got into you, but whatever it is keep doing it."
"I will." I thought.
"I think it's just the fact that we could get away, we should definitely do this more often."
"I agree. I'll talk to Karen later about the next trip."
"Great." I said.