THE BEZISTAN CHRONICLES
Chapter 3: Aindrias meets his Master

This is a story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over
the age of eighteen years

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris):  Re-edited January, 2012
An archive of my stories can be found at
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories

"The characters and ideas in this story are the writers and
shouldn't be used without permission. Please, respect the
integrity of the story and don't rewrite, make any alterations or
attach photos."

Chapter 3: Aindrias meets his Master

Nervously, the young slave stands motionless beneath the shady
portico at the ceremonial entrance to his Master's desert palace.
He is in the `display' position mandatory for all slaves who
await their masters' attention. With his feet apart and his
fingers entwined behind his bowed head, he holds his smooth,
hairless torso rigidly upright so that it displays his body to
its full potential. With shoulders pulled back, chest thrust out,
stomach sucked in and with both leg and arm muscles tautly
stretched he is ready for his Master's inspection.

In common with all of his Master's slaves he is completely naked
except for the stainless steel, slave collar permanently fastened
around his neck and the matching, three ring genital band. The
largest of these three rings encircles his cock and balls and
rests flat against the plain of his stomach. A second, smaller
ring isolates his large balls from his cock and presents them as
a tightly, bundled package held well down from the body. The
third ring, smaller than the other two, encircles his cock and
holds it high and proudly thrust out at right angles to his belly
in a semi-erect state. These cock rings serve to re-enforce his
status as a slave and as owned property.

As this is the first time the slave has been allowed to enter the
Master's palace compound he is understandably nervous. His duties
as a slave have, until now, been confined to the stables and
surrounding fields. This morning, for some unknown reason, the
stable-master ordered him to lead the Master's personal pony cart
to the front of the palace and to tether the ponies to the
hitching- pole at the bottom of the front steps. The slave was
then to take up his current position at the front door and await
his Master's pleasure. That had been some hours ago.

The slave, at least, is in a more comfortable position than the
two African pony-slaves who stand naked and immobile in the full
glare of the desert sun. Like him they are naked. Unlike his,
their slave collars and genital bands are made of pure gold which
gleam against their flawless, black hides. These gold fittings
are a symbol of their special status as the Master's personal
ponies. Perfectly matched in both height and musculature they
wear red harness embossed with gold trimmings. Each is fitted
with a bridle and bit and wears blinkers which restrict their
vision. Their hands are fastened by matching cuffs to the shafts
of the carriage. Additionally, they also wear leather bindings,
with tinkling bells attached, around their ankles.

As they stand immobilised in the full sun, flies and other biting
insects feed thirstily on their oiled and sweating torsos;
clearly their discomfort is obvious. This causes them to
musically stamp their feet or to vigorously shake their bodies;
all too minimal effect. The cart to which they are harnessed is
made of a light, metal frame for speed and is well sprung to
allow for their driver's comfort. The cart is upholstered in red,
pure, soft Moroccan leather with gold embossing which matches the
ponies' harness. And to protect their Master from the weather
there is a matching red and gold canopy with drop down sides.

As the slave awaits his Master's arrival he reflects on his
present situation.

Now in his nineteenth year, he has been a slave for five years.
As time is of no consequence to a slave, he is no longer aware of
his exact age. The slave only knows the unrelenting and
repetitious nature of slavery where each new day is exactly the
same as yesterday and tomorrow promises to be the same as today.

Why he was enslaved is unknown to the slave. He remembers only
that once his name had been Andrias and that even this has been
taken from him. He, in common with all other of his Master's
slaves, is now disparagingly referred to as `slave' or `boy'.

He has confused memories of his father, a Greek fisherman, and
himself being brought to this vast and isolated estate and
initiated into slavery. The slave recalls vividly that both he
and his father had been stripped naked and taken before their new
Master for inspection. His father had strongly protested at this
treatment and had subsequently been severely whipped by order of
their new owner.

The vision of his father being fastened to a whipping-post and
soundly thrashed with a leather whip is still vivid in the
slave's mind. So too are the memories of his father's screams and
pleas for mercy which met with no response. After the whipping
the slave's father was made to crawl on his hands and knees and
kiss his Master's feet as a sign of his new subservience. After
this initial whipping the slave's father never again offered any
resistance to either the Master or his overseers.

Whipped into submission and fully subdued, the slave's father
stood docilely as he and his son were subjected to humiliating
examinations. This involved the Master examining their bodies for
any flaws or defects and appraising their musculature for
strength. A detailed examination of their genitals was next. The
slave recalled the tears of shame he shed as his Master fingered
his cock and balls. And of the utter humiliation he also felt
when ordered to bend at the waist and prise his buttocks apart to
allow his new Master a closer inspection.

After this, the Master discussed with another man he called
Geoffrey how best to use them. The slave recalled his father
being described as a fine, sturdy animal and of himself as having
future potential. Both men agreed that they should both be taken
to the Master's stables where the father was to be used as either
a pony-slave or draught-slave. The boy would serve as a
stable-slave until old and strong enough to be harnessed and
placed between the shafts.

Suddenly, these thoughts are interrupted by the sound of a loud
gong and movement within the palace. Both large, bronze doors,
powered by four muscular, white slaves swing open. Once the doors
are fully open, the four slaves fall to their knees, cross their
left ankles over their right and spread their knees apart to
their fullest extent thus exposing their genitals to full view.
Their upper bodies are held rigidly upright with their heads
bowed in submission and with the palms of their hands facing
upwards on their inner thighs.

The Master disparagingly refers to these slaves as his door
hinges. Their only role in life is to open and close the massive
front doors for his departures or arrivals. At all other times
they stand passively, alongside the doors, with their bodies held
rigidly erect with their feet apart and with their hands clasped
behind their backs.

The young slave has never seen palace slaves this close before
and he momentarily notes that, like him, they too are completely
naked but wear gold neck collars and genital bindings identical
to the two African ponies. The slave also notes that their
smooth, hairless bodies glisten with special slave oil used to
highlight their muscularity.

Consistent with the slave etiquette training he has received at
the hands of his overseers, the young slave immediately drops to
the floor in the full prostrate position. This requires that he
lie face down on his belly with his chest and face pressed hard
against the marble tiles. Then, the slave stretches his arms and
legs out to their fullest extent in a St Andrew's X position and
fearfully awaits his Master's arrival. This is the first time
since his initial examination five years ago that the slave has
found himself in his owner's close presence and he trembles with
trepidation.

Suddenly, the slave is aware that his Master, accompanied by his
major domo, is standing over him and looking down at his prone
body. Within the range of his limited vision, the slave sees a
pair of exquisite leather boots. Slowly the boots circle around
him as the Master appraises the slave lying before him. For what
seems an eternity nothing happens. Then the Master, in an
imperious tone, gives the order for the slave to assume the
`kneeling display' position identical to the still kneeling door
slaves. Quickly the young slave scrambles to his knees and
assumes the position as commanded. Once again his owner walks
slowly around the slave stopping to appraise his body from all
sides.

The slave is unaware that his Master is captivated by his
physical beauty and youthful naivety. He wonders why he hasn't
previously noticed this magnificent, young slave. Still within
his slave herd it is very easy for the Master to overlook a
single slave.

Wanting to see more of the slave kneeling at his feet he gives
the order for `full kneeling display'. The slave instantly
uncrosses his ankles and leans forward to press his chest to the
floor and place the palms of both hands facing down on either
side of his head. This effectively elevates the slave's ass to a
higher level. At the same time the slave spreads his knees to
better display his cock and balls for his Master's pleasure.

Of all the degrading positions slaves are forced to assume before
their masters, the young slave hates this one the most. Its
intention is to reduce the slave to the level of the animal he
has become. The young slave's ingrained sense of modesty silently
rebels at this humiliating display of his body for another man's
sexual pleasure. Therefore, he hopes by keeping his knees
slightly closer together, and by tightly clinching his buttocks,
he will be spared the embarrassment of publicly displaying that
most private and secret part of his body.

In thinking his the slave is mistaken!

The Master notes the slave's coyness at fully opening his body
for his inspection. He becomes angry at this subtle display of
disobedience and determines the slave shall be taught a lesson in
Master/slave relations. Reaching to his belt he unclips a short
whip and raising it high above his head proceeds to bring it down
hard on the slave's exposed back.

The slave, of course, is unaware of his Master's actions and is
totally unprepared. The slave hears a hissing sound above and
behind him and this is quickly followed by a loud `thwack' as the
lash cuts viciously across his naked ass. Instantly the slave
becomes aware of a searing pain burning into his consciousness
which causes him to scream with animal-like intensity. This gives
way to sobbing which wracks his entire body.

Over the years the slave had been caned many times by his
overseers. Though painful at the time, these were soon forgotten
until the next time punishment was administered. The whip however
is different. The intensity of the pain is reminiscent of the
time, five years ago, when both he and his father were branded.
The memory of the branding iron searing into his flesh is ever
present and reminds him daily that he is a now slave for life.

With his body shaking from the intensity of the pain in his ass,
the slave is  suddenly aware of his master's stern orders to
`spread those knees',' further yet', `wider', `yes that's it,
`press your chest into the floor', ` raise your ass higher',
`higher I said', ` now thrust it out', ` hold that position'.

The Master won't tolerate any non-compliance from his slaves. His
angry commands tumble out in quick succession and the slave, like
his father did five years ago, yields to his Master's authority.

New and shameful sensations sweep over the slave. He becomes
aware that the crack between his buttocks is stretched wide and
he feels the strain on his sphincter as it opens his orifice to
his Master's gaze. This causes his hole to spasm and he feels it
rhythmically opening and closing to his rapid heartbeats. He can
also feel the heavy weight of his bound balls as they hang
suspended between his now widely spaced legs.

Now subdued, the compliant slave is aware that his Master is
bending over him. Then, he feels his Master's hands upon his
body. They move slowly and firmly across his buttocks and then he
feels a finger sliding down his ass-crack and over the perineum
to his balls. The slave gasps as these are tightly squeezed and
pulled away from his body. Satisfied, his Master then feels under
his belly for his cock and begins to softly stroke him to a full
erection. The slave responds to his Master's manipulations and he
is aware he is oozing pre cum onto the tiles beneath him. Then
the finger begins its return journey back up his perineum, into
his crack and upwards to his pucker where it stops momentarily
before slowly tracing a circle around his hole.

The slave shudders with pleasure as the finger continues its
contact with the sensitive tissue around his anus. He yields to
his Master and gives himself over to the feelings now engulfing
him. He moans with carnal pleasure and this delights his Master.
The slave suddenly gives an audible gasp of surprise and
discomfort as the finger presses against his opening, looking to
enter into his body. Involuntarily, his hole suddenly tightens up
as a defence against the probing finger and seeks to prevent any
further intrusion. However the Master isn't to be denied entry
and pushes even harder against the resistance until his finger is
fully inserted.

The slave wriggles with discomfort and this earns him two hard
slaps on the ass with the Master's free hand and the command to
remain still. Slowly the invading finger explores the slave's
insides seeking out his prostate and, once found, the finger
begins a gently stroking of the sensitive gland. Now the finger
begins a slow, piston-like movement in and out of his hole. The
slave feels the involuntary contraction of his ass muscles as
they tightly grip the intruding finger. As pain gives way to
pleasure, the slave is overwhelmed and begins to whimper softly.
This too pleases the Master as he continues to finger-fuck the
slave's tight, virgin hole.

All too soon the slave feels his Master slowly withdrawing his
finger. The sudden release of pressure causes the slave to fart.
This displeases the master who delivers a series of sharp slaps
to the slave's upturned ass with the admonishment that `slaves
don't break wind in the presence of their Masters'. The slave
cringes in fear of his Master's sense of outrage and anger.

The Master continues his verbal abuse of the slave and then he
puts his boot to the slave's ass and propels him partially
forward onto his nose. The now terrified slave hears his Master's
angry order to.

"Stand and display".

The slave scrambles to his feet and adopts the `display' position
ready for his master's inspection.

The distraught slave is trembling with fear over this upset his
unfortunate farting has caused. The majority of the estate's
slaves, because of the high fibre content of their special diet
and the stress placed on their bodies as they labour, break wind
often and loudly. Their overseers accept this as evidence of a
slave's status as a beast of burden and, unless they are in a bad
mood, usually don't punish the offending slave.

Once again there is a loud outburst from the Master and he hears
himself described as a filthy animal. The cause of this latest
outburst is the pre cum which leaked from the slave's cock during
his Master's ministrations and which now glistens in small pearls
on the marble floor.

The Master orders one of the door slaves to crawl forward and to
clean these up with his tongue. When this is done to his
satisfaction, the Master  orders the slave to clean up the young
slave's cock from which a long, silver thread of pre cum is
slowly working its way downwards towards the floor. The door
slave crawls on all fours and commences to move his tongue over
the young slave's cock paying particular attention to the piss
slit .The slave trembles at the sensations now flooding over him.


The Master calls a halt and orders the `door hinge' to return to
his position by the door. The Master turns to face the slave
standing rigid with fear in the face of his anger. Imperiously,
he snaps his fingers and the slave goes to the `full display'
position by standing on his toes and thrusting his hips forward
thus obscenely presenting his cock and balls for inspection.

The Master notes with satisfaction the slave's now faultless
compliance with his commands.

The slave is aware that his Master is appraising his body. He
senses the Master standing behind him and then feels his Master's
hands lovingly caressing both cheeks of his buttocks. The slave
trembles slightly under his owner's touch. He now feels the hands
groping between his outstretched legs before a finger moves up
the crevice to his hole where, as previously, it stops and slowly
excites the sensitive anal tissue. The slave enjoys the resulting
spasms as his hole puckers in response to the Master's stimulus.

Next, he feels a finger tracing the outline of the S brand on his
left flank before it moves to the angry, red welt left by the
whip. He winces audibly and flinches at the touch. Noting his
slave's re-action, the Master asks him does he know why he tasted
the whip.

Unsure of the correct response, he cautiously replies,

"Yes Master, because your slave offended you".

The Master compliments him on his answer and tells him his ass
will be sore for several more days. However, the pain should
remind him that total and instant obedience is what a Master
demands from his slaves.

The slave's reply is simple but contrite.

"Thank you Master".

Satisfied, the Master condescendingly slaps his ass and tells him
to turn around and to lift his head.

The slave turns and lifts his head, as commanded, and finds he is
looking directly into his Master's face. Their eyes met,
momentarily, before the slave deferentially lowers his gaze to
the ground. In the fleeting seconds that their eyes make contact,
the slave notes the Master's handsome bearded face. The slave
shivers imperceptibly as the eyes, full of arrogance and
contempt, bore into him. From the cruel line of his Master's
mouth, the slave knows instinctively not to expect any pity or
mercy.

Reaching forward the Master places his hands on either side of
the slave's head and examines his eyes and teeth before moving
down over the slave's shoulders to begin a slow, methodical
examination of his body. The hands slide down over the slave's
muscular chest, pausing to cruelly twist and tweak the pert,
ruby-red nipples surrounded by their large, coin sized areolae
before tracing the outline of the prominent brand on the right
pectoral. The Master's hands continue their downward sweep to the
ribbed abdomen where a finger is pushed rudely into the deep
indent of slave's navel. Satisfied, the Master then cups his
right hand and wordlessly holds it in front of the slave.

The slave responds by thrusting his hips forward and places his
cock and balls into the upturned hand thus acknowledging his
Master's ownership of his body. The Master slowly manipulates the
two hairless balls, gauging their size and shape, and then turns
his attention to the partially erect cock which he strokes to a
full erection. Finally, satisfied the Master turns his back on
the slave and prepares to leave the palace.

The slave, as his training dictates, runs swiftly down the stairs
and falls onto his hands and knees alongside the Master's pony
cart. Bracing his arms and legs, he offers his straightened back
as a step up into the cart.

The Master, accompanied by his major domo, reaches the bottom of
the steps and moves to examine his African ponies before entering
the cart. Suddenly the Master is gripped with a cold fury as he
sees a drying puddle of urine in front of each pony. Unclipping
his whip, he lays into the ponies, furiously lashing their naked
bodies. The tethered ponies, re-acting to the savage lashing,
futilely try to avoid their Master's whip.

Finally, his anger partially satiated, he uses the young slave to
step up into the cart, pausing momentarily to grind his heel into
his back. He settles himself comfortably into the driver's seat
and clicks his fingers in the direction of the still kneeling
slave.

The slave immediately leaps to his feet, untethers the now
chastened ponies and offers their reins to his Master. Taking the
reins, the Master now vents further anger towards the young slave
and orders him to clean up the ponies mess. And when this is done
- the Master instructs his major domo - he is to take the slave
to the whipping-yard where he is to be given five strokes of the
cane across his ass.

The major domo asks the Master of what transgression is the slave
guilty.

"None!" The Master snaps. "But because you questioned my
judgement increase the number of strokes to ten".

The slave flinches and turns pale at his Master's order.

Trembling with fear he simply replies,

"Master, thank you Master".

However, the Master still isn't finished with the slave. He
instructs the slave to beg the whip-master to apply the cane with
the full force of his arm and that on his return he will
personally inspect the slave to see if this has happened. Should
he not be satisfied, he tells the slave, he will double the
number of strokes and apply them personally.

Through his tears of fear and apprehension the slave once again
thanks his Master.

Then, almost as an after-thought, the Master instructs his
major-domo that once the caning has been administered, he is to
prepare the slave for hard usage. His body is to be cleaned and
oiled on the outside; he is to be douched, his hole lubricated
with fragrant oil and opened up with a dildo. Then he is to be
placed, in the kneeling position, in the Master' private quarters
to await his return later in the afternoon.

The Master now turns his attention to the two ponies and pulls
back cruelly on their reins to gain their attention. With a flick
of the reins and the command to `walk on' the two ponies strain
into their harness and the cart moves forward. Once on the move,
the Master gives the order for `full gallop' and savagely applies
his whip to their shoulders and asses urging them into a full
gallop.

He is running late and he needs to be at the airstrip for the
arrival of his latest shipment of new, unbroken slaves from his
European agents.

Impatient to make up the time he'd lost inspecting the young
slave, he whips his ponies that much harder.

Still the young slave was an interesting, delightful diversion
and he has no regrets for the delay in his busy schedule. The
slave was worth every minute of his time!


 To be continued.............





