>Aftermath -

   Chapter 1 -

   She was conflicted.  She had recently had a cock other than her
husband's giving her pleasure.  Will's touch and feel were so different
from Ken's.  Not better.  Just different.  Physically, the experience was
great.  She had a couple of mind blowing orgasms, one from him eating her
and one from a fantastic fucking.  Knowing that Ken was no more that 20
feet away fucking Linda was part of the excitement.

   But now, she was feeling guilty.  Normally, she would not have let
things get started let alone go as far as they did.  Obviously, the wine
contributed to the relaxing of her inhibitions.  Still, she's married and
married women are not supposed to give themselves to men other than their
husbands.  And yet, she had enjoyed having that other man.  Someone she was
not familiar with.

   That was only the beginning of her inner conflict.  A part of her was
wanting to do it again.  Every time she thought back to that weekend in the
motorhome, her nipples started to tingle and her pussy got damp.  One
morning, the erotic thoughts got to her.

   She was dressed in a t-shirt and shorts.  For a reason that she never
really thought about, she had decided to forgo underwear that day.  She was
having her morning coffee when she began to think about that weekend.  As
the memories flooded her head, she began to feel those familiar, pleasant
feelings again.  Absentmindedly, she reached up and stroked her breast.  It
felt good so she stroked her breast again, this time paying attention to
how stiff her nipple was.  Putting her coffee cup down, she began to feel
her other breast.  Slowly massaging her tits, she was feeling her nipples
get rock hard under her t-shirt.  She was getting more involved now.  The
sensations in her tits started to make her aware of the tingling in her
pussy.  Her left hand drifted down over her belly and down to her crotch.
She gently stroked herself through the fabric of her shorts.

   As she thought back to how Will had touched her, a low groan escaped her
lips.  She had definitely turned herself on.  The thoughts of Will fucking
her combined with her manual ministrations was making her flush.  She snuck
a finger up the leg of her shorts and slid it the length of her slit.  She
knew she was damp but had no idea how wet she was until she felt the
slickness with her finger.  By now, she knew she had to cum.  She lifted
her shirt over her head and undid the front of her shorts.  She lifted her
right breast so she could reach it with her mouth and began suckling
herself.  Her left hand moved down over her shaved mons and began some
serious stroking.  She slid on finger then a second into her sopping cunt.
She knew where she was reaching for and quickly found her g-spot.  She
began to stroke her fingers in and out, making sure to make contact with
the honey spot.  She arched her back and she forced her fingers into her
own cunt.  She let go of her breast when she moaned.  Her right hand moved
down to her crotch to help out.  With her right index finger, she reached
under her left hand and found her rock hard clit.  She slid the finger past
her clit and briefly dipped it into her soaking hole.  With her finger now
lubricated, she began to rhytmically stroke her clit and g-spot.  Even with
her shorts on, she could spread her legs to afford herself even better
access.  She bent forward as her orgasm began to build.  Slowly, the
tension in her cunt built up until she exploded in pleasure.  Her head went
back and she let out the loudest moan of her life as her cum overwhelmed
her.

   She removed her hands from her shorts as she slowly came back down to
earth.   -That was fantastic -, she thought to herself.  As reality moved
back in, she picked up her t-shirt and put it back on.  The she did up her
shorts.  Still without any underwear on, she just let her juices soak into
the material and carried on with her morning.

   Chapter 2-

   That evening, as Ken and Louise were snuggling in bed, Louise decided to
tell Ken about her morning masturbation session.  As she went into the
physical details, Ken got hotter and hotter.  His cock rose to attention
quickly.  When Louise finished her story, she figured Ken would just roll
over and mount her.  He surprised her by asking what had inspired such a
lustful experience.  After all, Louise did not masturbate often.  Well, the
moment of truth had come for Louise.

   So, she reached over and started to stroke Ken's hard cock.  Looking him
in the eyes, she began her confession about how she had been remembering
that evening in the RV and how much she had enjoyed having Will putting his
cock in her.  She went into more details of her encounter with Will as Ken
began to run his fingers over her increasingly wet pussy.  By the time she
had finished her story, she was in need of another orgasm.  So much so that
she let go of Ken's cock, looked him in the face and said,  -Fuck me now.
- It wasn't a request.  It was an order.

   She rolled onto her back as Ken raised up and positioned his instrument
at her opening.  In one movement, he was buried as deep as he possibly
could be.  She wrapped her legs around him and held him deep.  Then she
placed her hand on his hip and gently began to guide his motions to the
pace that she wanted.  With his cock moving in and out of his wife's pussy,
Ken looked at her and asked the question -  -Do you want to do that again?
-

    -Do what again? -, she asked.

    -Fuck Will. -

    -I don't know about that -, she replied.

    -Do you want to fuck somebody else? -.  Ken followed up.

    -I don't know. -  -I think so. -  -Yes -

    -Do you have anybody in mind?  Is there someone in particular that
interests you? -.  Ken enquired.

   She was quiet for a moment.  Then she said  -Nobody in particular comes
to mind.  I just want to experience a strange cock again. -

   Ken began to thrust harder as she revealed this.   -If you do -, he
said,  -I get to watch.  Would you do that for me? -

    -Yes -, was all she could get out before she began to cum.  She
groaned as she grabbed his ass to hold him tight against her clit.  She
ground hard into him as wave after wave of orgasm splashed over her.  She
came like she had never cum before.

   Ken had made sure Louise's orgasm had subsided before he started fucking
her again.  That she had admitted to wanting more strange cock had him even
more excited than before.  His mind began to wonder as he imagined Louise
being pleasured right before his eyes.  He also wondered how serious she
would be after the lust of this moment had subsided.  But that wasn't
important right now.  What was important was his hard cock fucking in and
out of her incredibly tight, wet pussy.  Louise wrapped her legs around his
back and Ken could tell she was getting close again.   -She's insatiable
this evening -, he thought.  But he was getting close as well.  He felt
his balls tighten.  The end of his cock was getting that familiar feeling.
Louise was groaning in his ear.  Quietly, she encouraged him to fuck her.
And he did.  Her breathing became more shallow.  He could feel the walls of
her pussy tightening.  He increased his pace as his balls and cock got to
their release point.

    -Ugghhh, I'm filling your lustful cunt -, Ken cried out.  As his
sperm coated her pussy, Louise reached another climax.   -Yes, yes, yes.
Fill my horny, unfaithful cunt, lover!! -, she yelled.   -Fill me with
your cum. -

   When the two lovers came down from their high, they fell asleep and had
the most restful sleep in ages.

   Chapter 3-

   They slept late the next morning.  When Ken woke up, Louise was already
out of bed and in the shower.  The thoughts of what she said were swimming
in his head.  Were her words a result of her recollection of her
masturbation session?  Or was she serious?  If she was, what was the next
step?  They led a pretty conservative life style.  Other than Linda and
Will, they had never even come close to even having a conversation of a
sexual nature with any of their friends.  A bit confused, Ken decided he
would wait until later to broach the subject with Louise.

   After supper, as they watched TV, Ken looked at his beautiful wife and
asked if he could ask her a question.   -Of course. - was Louise's reply.

    -How serious were you when you said you would like to have another
stranger to fuck you? -

   There was silence for a moment.  They never talked of such things
outside the bedroom.  Louise thought for a moment.  It had been nice to
have Will even if alcohol was a contributing factor.  And the talk in the
bedroom last night had really turned her on.  She hadn't cum that much and
that hard in the longest time.

    -Well, - she started,  -Since that night with Will, the memory of
him fucking me has turned me on from time to time.  There's a part of me
that feels that you are all I need and want.  But since that night in the
RV, the naughtiness of having a different guy touch and fuck me has been
getting to me.  That came to a head yesterday with my  -playtime -. -

    -And? -, Ken prompted.

    -And, I think if the right guy showed up, I would let him fuck me.  Or
rather, I would fuck him. -, she answered.   -I don't know how we would
go about finding that person, but if the guy and the situation were right,
I would go through with it.  How about you?  Did you enjoy Linda?  Do you
want to screw a different woman?  It might be easier to arrange my fun if
it were a swap situation. -

    -Well, - Ken replied,  -I fucked Linda only because she was there.
The real turn on for me wasn't her.  It was the fact that you were getting
laid by somebody else.  Besides, we have shared Jane in the past.  Right
now, my  -fantasy - is to treat you to a three way or at least watch you
being pleasured by another guy.  And, failing that, I would want you to
give me all of the details if you fucked some guy without me being there.
-

    -I almost forgot about Jane. -, Louise commented.   -Her new guy
seems nice and I think he's quite attractive.  A part of me wouldn't mind
trying him on for size. -

    -But, he is involved with my best friend.  I don't know if I could get
her to share. -, she added.

    -I don't know why not.  You shared me with her in her time of need.
-, Ken smiled.   -The real crux of the matter would be how to convince
Jane to give him permission and to encourage him to join us . -

    -You know what?  It's been a while since I've been over to see Jane. I
will go over and see her in the next few days.  By then, I should have
figured something out. -

   Chapter 4 -

   A couple days later, Louise knocked on Jane's door.  She had called
earlier and Jane welcomed the opportunity to see her dearest friend.  Jane
had the coffee on and they sat down in the dining room to chat.  They
chatted for a while.  Eventually, the talk turned to sex.  Louise began to
tell Jane of the camping trip with Will and Linda.  She described how Ken
had fingered her to an orgasm outdoors while telling her of Ken hearing
Will and Linda fucking in their bunk.

    -That evening, the wine was flowing freely and we ended up playing
Truth or Dare, - Louise continued.  As she got into the details, her eyes
got a bit glassy and her breath got shorter.  Her story was having the same
effect on Jane.  By the time Louise had finished the story, both ladies
were extremely turned on.

   Louise found herself trying to figure out how to proceed.  After all,
the main reason for her coming over was to see if she could borrow Jane's
man, Ryan, for an evening of fun.

   She chose her words carefully.   -Have you ever had two men at once?
-, Louise asked.  Jane was a little stunned with the question that seemed
to come out of the blue.  Looking deep into Louise's eyes, she truthfully
answered that while the fantasy had helped her get off a few times, she had
never engaged in a threesome with two guys.

    -I would like to propose something. - Louise continued.   -If Ryan
is up for it, I will lend you Ken so that you can have a MFM three way. 
But only if we can borrow Ryan for one of our own. -

    -That sounds exciting but I will have to figure out how to approach
Ryan with this. -

   Louise looked at Jane and asked,  -Do you miss Ken and me? -.

    -I do, kinda.  I especially miss you.  After all, I get all the cock I
need from Ryan.  He's always in the mood. -, Jane answered.

    -I miss you, too. -, responded Louise.  She got up and moved next to
Jane and gave her a passionate kiss.  Jane responded with a soft whimper.
When they broke their kiss, Jane said,  -Let's go upstairs and get more
comfortable. -

   They went up to Jane's bedroom and slowly undressed each other.  As soon
as Jane's breasts were available, Louise cupped them and began to massage
Jane's nipples.  Jane leaned forward and kissed Louise while caressing
Louise's beautiful ass.  Her left hand found its way to Louise's right
breast and she began to reciprocate the treatment she was receiving. 
Louise was getting more turned on by the second.  She was feeling her pussy
getting moist.  About that time, Jane slipped her hand down to Louise's
cunt and began stroking her lips.  Jane felt the excitement coming from
Louise's hole.  She slipped two fingers into Louise's willing pussy,
crooking them to make contact with her G-spot.  When she got touched there,
Louise moaned into Jane's mouth.

   Jane pulled away and longingly asked Louise if she would like to try
something different.  Louise was so turned on at this point that she agreed
without even asking.  Jane went over to her dresser and pulled out a two
headed dildo.  She told Louise to lay on her back and get ready to be
fucked.  She moaned as she inserted one end into her sopping pussy then
crawled between Louise's spread legs.  Louise reached down and guided the
fake cock to her wet opening.  As soon as Jane sensed the timing was right,
she pushed her hips forward, skewering the groaning Louise with the fuck
toy.  When her mound made contact with Louise, she bent forward, placed a
hand on Louise's tit and kissed her lover.  Jane began to rock her hips
back and forth, slowly fucking Louise.

   Louise began to take control.  She pushed Jane's hip back until only the
head of the dildo was in her pussy.  Then she slowly pulled Jane towards
her.  Jane's cock slowly re-entered her steaming, wet cunt.  She moaned as
she felt the head pass along her g-spot.  Jane got the idea and started
fucking Jane with slow, long, deliberate strokes.

   Jane's own pussy was also being rewarded.  Every time she thrust into
Louise, her end of the dildo pushed into her pussy causing her to gasp.  It
was like nothing she had ever felt before.  The best part was when her clit
rubbed against Louise when she bottomed out.  It was like small pleasure
blasts every time.  Jane was slowly building to a climax.  The way her
pussy felt at that moment, she knew it was going to be huge.

   The two lady lovers continued to kiss, grope, stroke and fuck each
other. The passion building as they went on.

   All of a sudden, Louise grabbed Jane's hips and pulled her hard into
herself.   -Urgh, aaaahhhhhhhh, FUCK!!! -, she screamed as her orgasm
hit. Jane sensed the time was right and was getting off at the same time. 
-Oh, my godddddd.  Arghh, yesssssssssss -, Jane moaned as she felt her
cunt walls contract around the fake cock.  She was creaming like she never
had before.   -Fuck, yes!!!! -

   Chapter 5 -

   Jane was moaning as Ryan plunged his 8 inch cock into her cunt.   -God
I love fucking you. -, Jane blurted out.   -Give it to me.  Give me that
fuck monster. - Ryan, not wanting to disappoint, withdrew his cock til
just the head was in Jane's tunnel then slowly slid it all the way in. 
Jane grabbed his ass and pulled him in as deep as he could go.  Her pussy
was feeling his cock but her mind was on the conversation that she and
Louise had earlier in the day.  The only threesomes she had engaged in were
with Ken and Louise.  She wondered what it would be like to be the center
of attention of two men.  Four hands, two mouths, two cocks to please her.
And that was the essence of her current fantasy.  To please her.  She
wanted the MFM threesome but for her pleasure.  She wasn't going to be the
used one.  She wanted to use the men.  But she knew she had to figure out a
way to get Ryan to go along with this.

   Ryan was none the wiser.  He kept fucking Jane, adjusting his tempo and
depth according to her movements.  Jane slowly eased his tempo to a very
slow, sensual fuck.  She pulled him deep and held him still.  She wanted to
feel full.  She held him still and started rocking her hips against him. 
Rubbing her clit against his pelvic bone, she was getting closer to heaven.

    -Ryan -, she whispered,  -you look at other women, don't you? - He
lied and replied,  -No.  My eyes and thoughts are only for you. -

    -Don't lie to me.  You're a guy.  Guys look all the time.  It's OK. -

    -OK, - he answered,  -I do look. -

    -And do you think to yourself that it might be fun to be with any one
of them -, Jane continued.

    -I think that in a fantasy kinda way. -

    -Have you ever thought about what it would be like to fuck, say,
Louise? -, Jane queried.

   Ryan was taken aback by that question.   -She's married.  So, no, I
cannot say that I've thought about her that way. -

    -If she were available, would you want to put that delicious cock of
yours into her? - Jane continued as she felt Ryan's cock twitch in her
cunt.

    -If she were single, and I wasn't involved with you, I think I would
like to fuck her.  But that's all speculation and fantasy.  Neither of us
is available for that. - Ryan said.

    -So, you would if you could?  What if I were to tell you that it may
be possible for you to get that pussy on your cock? -

   Ryan started to slowly move inside Jane at that suggestion.  Jane knew
she had his attention as she started to move in unison with him.  His cock
had gotten harder and his movements were betraying his outwardly moral
character.

    -What if I were to tell you that under certain conditions, you could
pleasure Louise what this magnificent piece of man meat that is buried in
my pussy? -

   Ryan started grinding his crotch into Jane, breathing harder.  The
thought of fucking his girlfriend's best friend getting the better of him.
He began slowly plunging his cock in and out of Jane's pussy.  Her cunt had
gotten even wetter with her talk.  It was almost as if she was wanting to
turn the both of them on.  His pace picked up.  He was withdrawing more and
more of his cock and plunging it all the way down.

   As Ryan's fucking picked up, Jane responded in kind.  Pulling away as he
withdrew, rising up to meet his groin when he plunged in.  She was getting
close.  Her breathing got deeper and faster.  His breathing was matching
her as the end of his cock began to give the tell tale signs that he was
close to erupting deep inside her belly.

   Just as his balls started to contract, Jane grabbed his hips and pulled
him as deep as he could go.   -Uuuggghhhhh, uuuuggghhh,
aaaaarrrrrrrrrrgggghhhhh, YEEESSSSSSSS,
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!  FUCK, YESSSSS -, Jane wailed as
Ryan pumped his load into her.

   They lay joined together until Ryan's cock got limp and slipped out of
Jane's messy cunt.  Jane cuddled up to Ryan and commented that he seemed to
respond to her suggestion that he might be able to fuck her friend Louise.

    -The thought of new pussy always gets me going.  But I don't see how
it would work.  She's married and I'm with you.  I don't see that kinda
think working. -

    -Well, - Jane continued,  -her's the deal.  If you agree to let her
husband join us and treat me to two men at the same time, you can join
them. Or, Louise will let you fuck her provided her husband can watch.  You
interested in a couple of interesting experiences? -

   Chapter 6 -

   Ken nibbled on Jane's neck as he had done dozens of times before.  This
time, however, his partner in pleasing Jane wasn't Louise, but Ryan
instead. As Ken caressed Jane's left breast, Ryan was sucking on her right
nipple.  At the same time, Ryan's had two fingers probing between Jane's
wantonly spread legs.

   Jane was soaking up all the sensations she could.  Four hands fondling
her.  Two mouths paying attention to her.  Her nipples as hard as they have
ever been and her pussy flowing uncontrollably.  She was going to get
fucked by two cocks tonight and she was going to enjoy it.

   Ryan began to kiss her ribs and then down her side.  Soon, his head was
between her thighs, his nose taking in the scent of her extremely excited
sex.  His tongue poked out and he began to lick her shaved cunt lips,
carefully avoiding her clit.  Jane moaned, becoming even more aroused.

   As Ryan orally worked on Jane's cunt, Ken continued to pay attention to
her tits.  Now, without Ryan in the way, Ken was able to pay attention to
both of her familiar orbs.  He knew exactly where to touch and kiss to get
the best reaction.

   Ryan's oral skills were getting the reaction he had hoped for.  Her cunt
was flowing with wetness.  Jane started to hump against his mouth.  Her
breathing grew short.

    -UNGHHH, YES.  Suck my cunt, YESSSSS -, she cried out as her orgasm
hit her.  She held Ryan's head between her legs as her pussy overflowed
with passion juice.  He continued to lick her and added 2 fingers to her
over stimulated cunt.  His fingers started to rub the little rough area
that he knew was her g-spot.  She wrapped her legs around his head and
exploded again as her second orgasm wracked through her body.

   She had come already but she wanted more.  Ryan was on his back, his 8
inch cock waving in the air, expecting to be pleasured.  Jane straddled his
hips but did not immediately impale herself upon the glorious piece of meat
that was pointed her way.  She looked over her shoulder and Ken and told
him to fuck her cunt.  So, he climbed between thier legs and slowly entered
her.  She moaned in appreciation of the familiar feeling she was getting
between her legs.

   There he was, fucking his wife's best friend doggy style while her
boyfriend lay beneath her.  The eroticism was almost overwhelming.  He was
disappointed when she told him to stop fucking her and pull out.  That's
not what he wanted to hear.  But, maybe she had a plan.

   She did have a plan.  When Ken had pulled out, she reached down and took
gentle hold of Ryan's cock.  She pointed it up and slowly slid all the way
down on it, moaning the whole time.  Once she was full, she looked over her
shoulder at Ken and commanded him to put his cock in her ass.  She wanted
to be double fucked and she wanted it now.

   He understood now what she was doing.  She wanted him to fuck her to
lube his cock so that he could fuck her ass.  Jane lay still with Ryan's
cock filling her cunt as Ken came forward.  When his cock touched her hole,
she leaned forward and began to aggressively kiss, Ryan.  A little more
pressure and the head of his cock slipped into the familiar territory that
was Jane's ass.  Jane moaned loudly into Ryan's mouth.  She had dreamed of
this and now it was coming true.  A little more of a push and Ken had three
quarters of his cock buried in Jane's back door.  He could feel Ryan's cock
through the small amount of flesh that was separating Jane's openings.

   Ryan knew what he had to do now.  He slowly began the withdraw his cock
from Jane's cunt.  This allowed Ken to bury his cock all the way into
Jane's ass.  She moaned even more.  Then, Ken and Ryan began to slide back
and forth past each other  -" Ken going in as Ryan was coming out.  Jane
lifted her head and screamed out in pleasure,  -Yesss!!  Fuck my holes! 
Fuck them good!!!! -

   Neither of the men wanting to disappoint, continued.  As they continued
their probing of both her holes, Ken reached around and started pulling and
squeezing Jane's nipples, bringing even more sensations to her pleasure
saturated body.  All three bodies soon got into a natural rhythm of three
way fucking.

   Soon, the sensation of anal tightness and the movement of Ryan's cock
against his had Ken's balls beginning to boil.  He was fast approaching his
climax.  Jane was even closer.  She started panting,  -fuck, fuck, fuck,
yes, oh my god -.  Then she exploded in pleasure.   -YESSSSS.  ARRRGHHHH.
FUCK YES!!!!!!!!!! -

   When she started cumming, Ken and Ryan both drove in as deep as they
could and started shooting their loads.  The heat of their cum drove Jane
even further over the edge.  Jane, overwhelmed by all of the sensations
could only wail in pleasure.  She was experiencing something that had never
even been a fantasy.  Her pussy was pulsing in orgasm.  She was feeling the
heat of Ryan's cum in her pussy.  Her ass was full of Ken's cock and cum.
She revelled in being held by two men at once as she was impaled on their
rock hard cocks.  Ryan kissed her passionately on the lips while Ken
lightly kissed her back and neck.

   When both men had softened, their cocks slowly eased from the tight
holes they had been encased in.  Ken rolled off Jane, who in turn rolled
off of Ryan.  They fell asleep next to each other, the expended energy
needing to be refreshed.

   Chapter 7 -

   Ken sat in the comfortable chair that he had positioned in their
bedroom. Before him, at the end of the bed, stood Louise, dressed very
sensually.  Ryan approached her and gently took her in his arms.  He leaned
forward and gently kissed Louise's neck.  She felt a small shiver travel
down her spine.  Ryan drew her closer, running his had over her silk clad
back and down over her similarly clad buttocks.  He felt no bra or panties.
His cock began to swell in his pants.  Lifting Louise's chin, he kissed her
full on the lips, his tongue gently licking hers.  She opened her mouth
slightly to greet his tender invasion.  She pulled herself closer to him,
knowing that her husband was in the room watching all that transpired.  Her
pussy was already dripping.  Was it that Ryan was going to fuck her tonight
or that her husband was going to watch?  She decided that this was not the
time to try and analyze things.

   Ryan moved his hand to her silk covered breast and started to circle her
nipple with his palm.  She felt her nipple tighten.  Another pleasure
tremor made its way down to her cunt.  He switched breasts and got the same
reaction.  Now, her nipples were as hard as pencil erasers.  He had to
taste them.  Slowly, he unbuttoned her silk blouse and exposed her chest.
He had her kneel on the bed facing him then slowly, sensually pushed the
material off her shoulders.  She moaned loudly as he took one nipple then
the next in his lips.  He lightly bit them and suckled as if he were a
hungry baby.  She held his head to her chest and he did this.  She leaned
forward to let him support her weight.  Any more pleasure and she would not
be able to hold her self up.

   His mouth busy, he renewed his exploration of her curves.  He cupped her
ass.  She moaned.  He moved his hand downward, not breaking contact with
her.  Past the curve of her ass, down to the hem of the silk slip she was
wearing.  He brought his hand up her leg under the material.  She felt his
fingers on her bare leg and shivered.

   Was it his touch or her exhibitionism?  Again, not the time to figure it
out.  Enjoy it she thought to herself.  You wanted this.

   In the meantime, Ken sat quietly in his chair enjoying everything that
he was seeing.  Fully clothed, his half hard cock was starting to press
against his pants.  When Louise had fucked Will, he couldn't really watch
as closely as he had wanted to because Will's girlfriend Linda was fucking
him and the sight lines from the upper bunk of the RV were not great.  Now,
he had a close up, unobstructed view of what was going on.

   Ryan released his oral grip on Louise's tits and sat her up.  Once she
was upright, he had her lay back on the bed.  He climbed onto the bed
beside her and began kissing her and caressing her legs.  As his hand moved
up her legs, she parted them to give Ryan access to her dripping opening.
As he got to within a couple of inches of her passion zone, he felt the
moisture that had already dripped down her leg.  She was hot.  She was
ready.  He touched her pussy lips and easily penetrated them with one
finger.  She moaned lightly.  He stroked lightly with his index finger. 
She began to move her hips in time with his actions.  Her kisses became
more urgent.  She reached over and unbuttoned his jeans.  She unzipped his
pants.

   Knowing what she wanted from him, Ryan stood up and removed his
clothing. Louise sat up and saw, for the first time, Ryan's 8 inch fuck
tool.  Compared to her husband, Ryan was huge.  She started drooling from
both sets up lips now.  She reached out to him, taking his cock in her
hands.  He lay on the bed next to her, enjoying the stroking she was giving
him.  She needed to see if she could take him in her mouth.  She twisted
around and licked the entire underside of Ryan's cock.

   Ken's cock by now was hard as steel.  He stood up and removed his own
clothing, giving his cock some relief.  He sat back down in his chair and
continued his voyeurism.  He avoided touching himself at this time.  He
wanted the excitement of watching to build.

   When she got to the head of Ryan's cock, Louise opened her mouth and
tried to engulf his head.  Ryan moaned at the hot breath and tongue on his
sensitive parts.  Louise continued to take more into her mouth.  By the
time his cock was touching the back of her throat, she only had about 3
inches.  She moved her tongue around, resulting in more moaning from Ryan.
She bobbed her head up and down and few times, letting the fucking motion
of her mouth excite her even more.

   Ultimately, that's not what she wanted.  She wanted to fuck Ryan, not
suck him.  She wanted that cock in her cunt.  Yes, she thought, in her
cunt. And she wanted her husband to watch her take that cock.

   Ryan was on his back, his legs hanging over the edge of the bed pointed
in Ken's direction.  Louise let Ryan's cock pop out of her mouth.  She
moved around so that she was straddling Ryan's hips while looking at her
husband.  She reached down and gently started rubbing the 8 inch cock along
the length of her pussy.  Keeping her eyes locked on her husband, she
continued to lubricate the man she was about to fuck.  When she could no
longer take it, she raised herself up, pointed Ryan's cock at her cunt and
slowly began to lower herself on it.  As the wide head of Ryan's tool
started to split her lips, a low moan began to come from Louise's mouth.

   The sensations were unbelievable.  Her cunt started to stretch wider
than it ever had been.  She continued to lower herself, feeling the head
going deeper into her pussy than any man had ever been.  Soon her shaved
pussy was meeting Ryan's pubis.  She had him as deep as she could go.  She
looked over at Ken and saw him starting to stroke his own, 6 inch cock. 
She began to move her ass in circles as Ryan put his hands on her hips.  He
was enjoying the tightness of Louise's cunt.  It was better than he had
hoped.  She started to raise herself up then dropped back down.  She was
starting to fuck him the way she wanted to fuck him.  She was full.  She
was enjoying herself and watching her husband enjoying the show she was
putting on for him.

    -HE wanted me to fuck somebody else and HE wanted to watch me do so.
-, she thought as she climbed off Ryan and lay on her back next to him. 
She reached over and pulled Ryan on top.   -Being on top and doing the
work was nice but I need Ryan to provide the in and out. -, her thoughts
continued.

   Ryan, not being stupid, climbed between Louise's legs and plunged into
her prepared cunt in one stroke.  Buried as deep as he could be, he ground
into her groin providing extreme pleasurable pressure to her clit.  For her
part, all Louise could do was grunt when he reached rock bottom then moan
when he ground into her.  She looked at him, knowing the her husband could
hear her adulterous words, and told Ryan, in no uncertain terms,  -Fuck
me. Use me.  Fill my cunt with your seed. -

   Ryan started to piston in and out of Louise's tight tunnel.  He pulled
his cock out to her lips then moved the head past her g-spot causing more
moaning from her.  Her legs wrapped around his waist, she encouraged him to
continue giving her pleasure.  This was about her, she thought.  This feels
soooooo good.

   Soon, Ryan started to move quicker.  He was starting to feel the
pressure in his balls building.  For her part, Louise was getting so close
to cumming all over, Ryan's cock.  In his perch, Ken was getting close as
well.  So close that he had to stop stroking his cock to prevent himself
from cumming before his wife did.

   The sensations in her cunt finally reached a boiling point.  
-UUNNNGGHH.  AAAAAHHHH.  I I I I I..  ARRRRGGGHHHH!!!!!! 
FFFFUUUUUCCCCCKKKKKKKK. - she yelled as her orgasm hit.  She pulled Ryan
tight as her hips rubbed up and down on the base of his cock.  Her g-spot
was on fire and her clit was sending pleasure through her entire body. 
Just as she started to come down from the sensation, Ryan's cock started
pumping his hot cum into her cunt.   -Yessss, fill me with your seed. 
Make my cunt yours - she moaned.

   When they had both come down from their mutual orgasms, Ryan rolled off
Louise.   -Wow, that was ...  Wow -, he said.

   After resting for a bit, Ryan got up off the bed, took his clothes and
went into the bathroom to clean up.  Ken came over a lay down beside his
wife.  He looked at her beautiful face and down her body to her well used
cunt.  Ryan came out, looked at the loving couple, and thanked them before
leaving to go home to Jane.

    -Thank you -, Ken said to his wife.  She looked at him and asked, 
-For what? -

    -For doing this.  For letting me watch. -

    -Did you come? -, she asked.   -No.  I held back. - At that, Louise
started stroking her husband's still hard cock.   -Relive what you just
saw -, she said, as she set out to provide her husband with the release
his cock was asking for.
   Is there more adventures to cum?  We shall see.  
