Title: ORF V: Jenny's Adventures
Author: bobwhite
Summary: Jenny, another member of ORF, tells a story.
Keywords: MF MF+ FF mc

ORF Chapter V: Jenny's Adventures
by Bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Jenny is one of the few female members of ORF. Mostly, she's used on
clean-up jobs, but she taught me everything I know about fixing
deletions, and I'm very good at fixing messes that involve deleted
people, or Deletes, as we call them. You see, Deletes are people,
usually women, who have been abducted by very powerful mind
controllers and then forced to help the controller hide their
existence from the minds of everyone that the Deleted person knew of
that knew them.

This, in addition to the elimination of various public and not-so-
public records that usually takes place (which, in all fairness, is
necessary in the building of harems without being caught) is a very
cruel method of kidnapping, and cleaning the mess used to be her
specialty.

She taught me that on a case-by-case basis, I had to work with the
victim, re-surfacing certain memories and manufacturing new ones so as
not to drive the Delete and his/her family insane with the knowledge
of what happened. After all, the only thing that keeps most of the
general population sane is the fact that they don't know MC exists!

The Delete cleaning process is a long process that requires immense
concentration and sensitivity. Also, these women (it's usually women)
normally are completely fixed and normalized (ie, super-sensitive
breasts that have grown 10 cup sizes are returned to normal, forced
lesbianism / bisexuality / BDSM fetishes, etc. are removed), something
which takes a woman's touch. Or two. Or a lick, if they're in the
mood. Oh, yeah--that's why they don't let me un-delete people too
much.

Why am I telling you this? Because, if you think we're the sole police
protecting the public, you're wrong. In fact, in the case of deletes,
it's usually a sympathetic MCer (one who works with us without being
an actual ORF member) who discovers the problem. Then they contact us.
One Delete normally leads to a small harem of them, as Deleters
collect, on average, between three and seven victims.

Why so few? These folks aren't stupid. They can delete a memory from
someone's mind from across the world (well, delete is a strong word
'cause we can fix the problem, but you get the picture), but they can
only do that to specific people who the affected person identifies as
someone who knows them. They're bound to miss a few, and grab too many
slaves, and you'll be caught; sometimes by norms. Since the punishment
a norm gets for discovery of harems is almost always very harsh, we
try to get there first.

Anyway, back to Jenny. After she left the meeting as Ugly Woman, she
went to track down Betty, who had been abducted from a local mall. The
other two victims in this harem were, thanks to Mike (their abductor),
on their way to a local ORF headquarters (probably another basement)
to be cleaned. Of course, Jenny had "suggested" to Mike that it was
time to let his little triad leave.

Oddly, Betty's body had been altered--bigger tits. Mike, as Jenny
found with a scan, had very limited body altering powers... mostly, he
could change the size of various parts of the body, and change hair
growth rates. At least, that's all he thought he could do. Delving
into Betty's mind, Jen discovered how he had abducted her. It was a
typical, if interesting, story.

Witnesses said that Betty had been seen behaving strangely in class
the day she vanished.  Although, when asked for details, her
classmates couldn't give any information beyond something like "I
don't know... just strange behavior. And she looked... different. I
don't know. She left with some guy." As Jen fixed her and made the
Deleter un-do his hard work, she also probed Betty's mind to see how
she was abducted in the first place.  She knew it was at college.
Combining her findings from both Mike and Betty, she came to the
following scenario.

Mike wasn't really looking for harem prospects in the mall; he was
just getting some food at the food court. Then he saw her. Betty had
some blemishes on her pretty face, but her eyes were gorgeous with
dark-brown irises and a piercing and inadvertently sexy stare. Her
hair was past her shoulders and black, and she had a nice ass (she,
much to her surprise, stood up and did a turn, and then sat down)--
very shapely and curvy, not tiny and flat. She was pretty slim, with
no extra belly, but her hips and shoulders had that sexy hourglass
shape that most women envy.

She was kind of small on top--only an A or maybe a B cup. She was also
straight, and has never really thought about fucking a woman. But,
loving the sight of girls going at each other's pussies, Mike started
to have some fun with her. Just for kicks, he left her entire
consciousness intact, and let her freely vocalize her thoughts as she
normally would without drawing attention to herself.  Her body would
be under his complete control. Making sure nobody around could notice
anything amiss, he began his work.

Jen found out that he likes to break his ladies in with a pre-
mentally-recorded set of sensations that he stashed away in his mind
during his first forced threesome on his first two female
acquisitions. He recorded the physical sensations from the women and
used it to judge the sensuality and responsiveness of any prospective
woman he wanted.  When it was time, Betty left the food court and went
to her next class at the nearby community college.

Once in class, Betty began her humiliating last few moments in public
by suddenly standing up and moving her desk to her right. This put her
directly in front of the assistant professor who had suddenly come
into the class room. She sat back down, now giving him a view of her
sitting form. She looked rather confused as she had no idea why she
had just done that.

Then, she realized that she was standing again... and her hands were
taking her clothes off! She mentally tried to stop herself, but when
she couldn't, she began to get scared, saying things like "why can't I
stop?" and "what's happening to me?"

About this time, she saw Mike staring at her with a sinister grin on
his face, and somehow, she knew that this was his doing. He was no
assistant professor. "Please stop, I don't want to do this, let me get
dressed, please," she calmly said, not able to scream (and worried
about that, too). It didn't matter, though; in a few seconds, she was
completely naked.

Her body, while imperfect, didn't disappoint. She had more pubic hair
than he liked, and her tits were kind of small, but aside from a few
blemishes on her back and shoulders, she was not too bad. It was at
this point that he started to really have fun. First, she looked down
and saw all the hair on her body simply fall out. Then she sat back
down, and her hands came up and began to knead her breasts, which were
much more erotically sensitive than they used to be.

"Why... can't..... I... uh... uhhhhh... mmmm... stop please let me
stop please I'll do an- an- an- anythinnnnnnnnggggg ohhhh
unnnnggggghhhhh!" She just had her first orgasm of the day, just by
fondling her own boobs! She was quite surprised, no longer afraid, but
very humiliated, not knowing that only Mike could see her nakedness in
the crowded classroom. She also noticed that her tits began to
actually grow when she came... they were now definitely B cups.

"But h- h- h- h- h- howwwwwwww" she began when she began to tweek her
nipples. As she did, they continued to grow as she continued to cum,
soaking the chair. "Please let mmmmmeeee ee ee stop I'll dooooo an-
anyth -thinnnng..."

"Yes, you will, my pretty," he said.

She continued to play with her tits. Every nipple pinch resulted in a
little growth until she guessed they were DD cups with nipples as big
around as her middle finger and about 1/2 inch long! She desperately
wanted to stop but she couldn't. Then, he decided to have a bit more
fun. Knowing he could change memories, he made it so that only the
professor would fail to notice Betty's actions. Once he programmed the
other students so that they could never communicate what they saw, he
begin to have fun with her again.

He leaned forward and said, "if you thought that was intense, just
wait." She got very nervous, but couldn't leave her desk. As the
professor droned on, she noticed a funny sensation on her new tits--
her nipples, to be exact (which had been reduced to only super
sensitivity; rubbing them now was like licking her pussy, but not
quite as intense as it had been). They were being sucked! One by a
mouth with a moustache, and the other by a nice smooth pair of lips.
They were being licked, sucked, even bitten a little... and the
sensations were making her moan quietly and squirm in her seat.

This got the attention of the students, who suddenly discovered the
naked hottie in class squirming in her seat, moaning and rubbing her
thighs together. Her wrists seemed glued to the top of her desk; she
had hoped to stop the sensations by covering her nipples with her
hands. Of course, she didn't know that wouldn't work. She was
clenching her fists when she began to feel fingers on her nips, and a
moustached mouth slowly making its way to her groin. She looked down
to confirm that nobody was kissing on her, when she felt--no, tasted--
something strange... something warm, fleshy....

Just then, he whispered in her ear, "it's pussy. Enjoy the taste of
it." She looked at him with an expression of horror mixed with
disgust, and of course, lust, because the invisible mouth moving
towards her own pussy (leaving wet kisses along the way which she felt
even though her skin was dry) suddenly found its already drenched
target.

At this point she began to tremble, and that brief moment of semi-
control was soon replaced with total loss of control--her head
thrashed left to right and back again, she slid around in her now
lubricated seat, and she somehow managed to say, "why ... are... y-y-
y-you doooooing thissssss to meeee?"

Mike was surprised at this question; usually, his women can't even
verbalize anything recognizable. But, she deserved an honest answer in
return for her total devotion. "Because you were cute. Now you're hot.
And, you look like you need a good time. Finally, because I find this
fun."

She gasped as suddenly she felt and tasted a cock in her mouth. Her
expression was priceless! She had the tactile sensations of sucking a
dick, but her mouth (while gaping wide open) wasn't currently blowing
anything but air. That feeling didn't last too long; the phantom cock
was withdrawn and she once again tasted pussy. Then, the mouth on her
already sloppy pussy went away and was replaced with was the smooth
one that had been on her nipple earlier. She could feel weight on her
torso, and two little finger-sized stumps lightly poking into her
lower abdomen. She didn't know what they were.

"That's a girl's mouth on your pussy, dear. Those are hard nipples
touching your stomach. Doesn't it feel," and at this point he circled
around her and bit her on her neck with just a little force, eliciting
another moan out of her, "wonderful?"

Once he started moving, the rest of the students were alerted to his
presence. Not that they really noticed, though. The ones in the back
were playing with themselves and each other, and the ones up front
wished they were in back so that they could take a little self-
pleasure in the erotic display.

Betty was about to try to say something when she felt it. It, of
course, being a tongue licking her asshole while that smooth mouth was
nibbling and sucking on her clit. After a few minutes of this, poor
Betty had finally regained some composure, moaning almost continuously
and rocking back and forth, but the violent movements had stopped.
Despite the constant (albeit invisible) attention to her genitals, she
was finally able to jot down some notes, trying to treat the entire
experience as a dream that she could work herself through.

Then, she felt a hard cock start slide into her pussy while a finger
pumped her lubed brown eye. She tried to figure out how this would
even be possible, when it dawned on her: she would feel something like
this if she was on top of an all-girl 69.

She delved a little deeper into her quickly-sickening imagination and
thought that if the arms of the girl below her were situated inside
her thighs, she could take one hand and reach around her hip, down her
ass crack, and into her asshole. Of course, a man would have to be in
the room, fucking her pussy while the girl below sucked on her clit
and finger-fucked her ass. At some point, they would have had to move
to the edge of the bed to allow the man easy access, and before any of
this happened, she would have to have lubed her ass.

Now actively joining the fantasy, she immediately climbed to her
oncoming orgasm. But, right before it hit, it was blocked. She again
started thrashing about now with some force, and as her arousal and
the sexual tension got higher, she couldn't understand why she didn't
cum. She wanted to move her hands off her desk to cup her tits, to
shield her cunt and ass from the invisible invasion, to do something,
but she couldn't. She was trapped in her own body, being tortured to
agonizing bliss.

Then, for a moment, it stopped... but only for a moment. Before she
knew it, something much larger was pressing into her ass... it was...

"A cock. Say it." By now, Mike had altered the entire class and there
were several people making out and/or fucking. Even the ugly girls and
fat guys were getting some much-deserved fun.

"C- C- C- C- Cooooock." It began to ream her slowly, but it was
picking up speed, and she still hadn't cum. It hurt at first, but very
quickly turned to pleasure. Then, something made its way into her
cunt... it was big like a cock, but cooler in temperature and ...
VIBRATING! She was being DP'ed by a cock in her ass and a vibrator in
her pussy!

Absently, her mind lost amidst her sensations and thrashing movements,
she wondered what color it was. Then, she tasted pussy again and felt
the familiar smooth mouth on her clit suck a little harder. The pussy
taste stopped and she felt hands groping her tits, pinching her
nipples very hard, and finally an explosion of what she knew to be hot
cum in her ass and...

"UUUUUUNNNGGGHHH! OH OH OH OH OH OH OOOOOH MMM
UUUUUUNNNNNGGGGHHHHHH!!!!" She came at the top of her lungs, messing
her desk's seat even more and causing it to become so slippery she
almost slid off. Everybody's heads turned, but they didn't care...
besides, Mike would soon diminish their memory of her to just another
girl in class, whose name nobody knew, who dropped out like so many
other girls and boys did. (This, by the way, was his fatal flaw; it's
how we were able to find him.)

Mike stood up, walked up to her and kissed her right on the mouth. In
her aroused state, she kissed back hungrily. "Thanks for being my
little VCR, Bet. You can keep the body. You'll need it when we get
home." It was then that she understood her fate. "I need you to list,
one by one, everyone who knows you. After all, we can't have anyone
looking for you, can we?" He began to laugh, and she found that she
couldn't weep. That bit made him laugh harder. Soon, she started
rattling off names as she followed him to his car, wanting to reach
out to anyone she passed by for help but quickly accepting and even
being glad for her fate.

That was 3 months ago. Having fixed her, and the other two who he was
keeping when they arrived at the local HQ, Jen sent them on their way
back to their families. Mike had un-deleted them, and each was given a
good, non-suspicious reason to be absent by Jen. It's always fun to
have the deleter do the un-deleting; it keeps us from having to set up
telepathic programs in the minds of the missing people. Those programs
don't always work well.

Jen then removed Mike's MC ability. She went so far as to remove the
idea and possibility for mind control from his now smaller mind to
prevent him from doing any more Deleting. Upon leaving his house, she
changed back into Ugly Woman and left. She ended up taking five or six
days on this assignment, and was due for some vacation. She headed out
on the back roads, and while on the phone with me, had a tire blow-
out. I laughed a little, and warned her about a possible rogue.
Thanking me for the warning, she let me hang up, and decided that
before she called information for a tow truck, she'd look at the
damage.

After all, she can change a tire. Or so she says.

She called me the next day to say that she was heading back home. I
wondered how it took a powerful mind controller so long to get a ride
or a new tire or even a new car--so she told me what delayed her.

"I got out of the car and examined the damage... it was just a flat,
but I could fix it later. I wanted to rest a bit, so I set up a "do
not disturb" bubble around the car. Only a helpful, good Samaritan
would be able to approach the car. I tried to take a nap to pass the
time, as the road wasn't too busy. Not too long into my nap, a nice
fellow named Jim pulled up behind me and knocked on the window,
offering help."

"Jim and Tammy were their names. She was in the car, and they had just
been married, and were literally driving to their honeymoon spot--
exactly where isn't important--when they happened upon me. I let him
change my tire, and he offered to follow me to a nearby garage to make
sure I was safe. Apparently, the doughnut tire isn't made to go far. I
was touched--what a sweetheart! He was offering to help ugly ol' me
for free. I peeked in his mind and saw that he had no ulterior
motives. He was just planning on some really kinky, sticky, nasty, sex
with his new wife. Sifting through his plans, I saw that he had
brought some toys, and I was inspired. I influenced him to let me
instead follow them to their honeymoon suite.

"Once we got there, I had Tammy go and change. I had re-lived Betty's
ordeal and it turned me on, but I don't use recently fixed vics for
personal pleasure. UNLIKE SOMEONE I KNOW. Anyhow, with Jim and Tammy
and I, there were enough players to actually live out that scenario.
That's when I revealed my true, and naked, self (with some nice
enhancements; like C cup breasts, red hair to my ass, only a small
patch of red pubic hair above my perfect pussy and waiting asshole)."

"I quickly influenced Jim to understand my power enough to know the
basics of what I was capable of, and I told him that, as thanks for
his help, his home life was going to be almost as much fun as his
wedding night was about to be. He said that he didn't want to cheat on
his wife. Get this--he said that even though the temptation to tackle
me to the bed and fuck me till I passed out was tormenting him!
Looking a bit deeper, I saw that he was contemplating a way to trick
me into making him fuck me against his will, so he could avoid any
real guilt. And even considering a plan to do that was seen in his
mind as cheating! He was struggling to find a way to have me without
being dishonest with his vows. Sweet, huh?"

"Um, yeah, I guess. Morality is quaint," I said.

She continued. "I told him that I could make her look and act like
anything he desired, at least for that day. I knew that he had always
fantasized about a threesome, and he was getting his wish today. All I
asked him to do was allow me to have her to myself for a few hours
after he fell asleep. Of course, he had no choice, but I love
bargaining when I have the upper hand. Removing any idea of guilt from
his head, his eyes opened wide, and he shook my hand, securing the
deal. He disrobed quickly, as did I, and Tammy came out of the
bathroom, clean and naked. 'Tammy,' I told her, 'I know you love Jim,
and since he was so helpful, I've decided to give him a gift. You. You
are already his, but now, you'll be more his than you thought
possible.' I made sure she liked the idea."

"You mean you made her a slave to her husband?? But I thought you were
so gung-ho about not doing that sort of shit!" I retorted. This was a
surprising move from her, and I was anxious to find out what prompted
her to do that.

"Well, this guy is a good one. He was as faithful to his new bride as
he could be, and he held back after seeing me naked. He held back,
even though I had made myself look exactly like his wettest dream! He
deserved a gift. But back to the story. 'So, no matter what I have you
do, I can re-do or un-do it later?' he asked. I nodded yes. 'So, I
guess I'll get started then,' he said."

"Tammy was in a kind of trance, standing naked in front of the
bathroom door. He eyed his new bride, and, reading his mind to make
the changes he wanted, made her armpit hair follicles disappear, as
well as from her pubic mound. He did leave a cleanly-bordered strip of
hair about an 1 1/2 inches wide and 3 inches tall above her pussy. The
bottom of it was pointed right at her clit. She wasn't a virgin, so he
regenerated her hymen--I'll never understand what some men have with
breaking hymens--and also created lubrication glands in her anus. Yep,
he liked ass sex, and was going to get some as soon as he could, but
was worried about the kind of lube to get. He doesn't need any now."

"Her tits grew next--all the way to E cups, but then back down to D
cups, extra firm and not requiring a bra. Her nipples were given
erotic sensitivity equal to that of her clit, and her clit's
sensitivity was increased three times it's normalness. I mean, what is
it with this mathematical stuff you guys do with physical sensations?
Don't answer that! Anyway, she came out of her trance and he told her
to pinch her nipples. She did, coming quickly and wetly. 'Well, that's
a start,' he said, 'We're gonna have fun tonight!!!!!' He was rather
excited."

"Oh, do you think so? C'mon, who wouldn't be?" I asked.

"Fair enough. As I was saying, I noticed that he'd made it so she
wouldn't talk, but that's OK, she was enjoying the fuck out of this
thanks to him and me. Thankfully, he didn't like to humiliate women in
his fantasies. Again, unlike someone I know."

I chuckled at that, and when I was done, Jen continued. "She kneeled
on the bed, and Jim and I both took a nipple into our mouths. She
started rocking back and forth, so we laid her on her back. I sat on
her face, and Jim made his way face-first towards her waiting snatch."

"Jen, why are you talking so dirty?" I asked, noticing for the first
time that I was jacking off. Damn! I had let her into my mind to
convey the story a bit more visually, but she was having some fun with
it. And, I didn't want to stop, but just to make sure, I tried to
stop. Success!

I summoned a woman who was walking by my house (a 19-year old with an
athletic build) to my living room. By the time she got there, she was
a sex-crazed nymphomaniac who barely had the time to get out of her
spandex shorts before standing in front of me on the couch I was
sitting on, turning around (nice ass, I thought), and squatting down.
Soon, she had a pussy full of cock--this little minx had a thing for
big dicks before I made her a nympho, and my new 11 inch fella didn't
disappoint her.

"Because I know you like it. Besides, you're getting some by now.
Anyway, Tammy had never eaten any woman out before, but I gave her the
experience of the countless carpet munchers I've had, and she used it
quite well, especially considering the fact that I was playing with
her huge nipples and obviously distracting her. Giving Jim instant
knowledge of pussy eating as well was a good idea, as she was really
starting to shake... but not come... from his work."

"He got up and brought his cock to her mouth. I moved aside and she
hungrily sucked it for a short time, but then he suggested Tammy and I
69 each other. I said, 'Sure, but Tam here is on top,' and he agreed.
We began digging in to each others nether regions, and he began to rim
her. She was so high on lust that she began to coo, so we let this go
on for a few minutes or so."

"But, he was ready for some action, so after what must have been an
eternity for Tammy, he plowed his newly enlarged (and specially shaped
by me, a present to Tam) dick into her pussy. I kept on nibbling her
clit, but I ran my hands around her hips and began to finger her self-
lubing asshole. Damn, that was a good idea! I must hand it you,
Xavier. Butthole improvements are more fun than they sound."

"After a good fucking, he paused and went to their suitcase. I knew
what he was looking for: a vibrator bought just for this trip. When he
had it, he handed it to me, and I knew what he was thinking. With Tam
going to work on my pussy (I was holding off an orgasm until Tam came;
saving one up is so much better than one little one after another!),
he entered her ass, slowly. I inserted the fake phallus into her
sopping cunt, and we began to attack her from both ends. The sensation
was almost too much for her, she began to peak but couldn't."

"Finally, almost out of control, she sat up. I reached up and pinched
her nipples hard, causing even more quaking and thrashing. Finally, I
felt him release a wad of man juice into her ass, and I came right
with them. We collapsed together, a tangled mess of bodies."

"Tammy was out cold, and would be for several minutes. Jim was sexed
out, so I got dressed and started for the door. We had fucked for
hours, apparently; it was dark already. I sat back down on the bed.
Tammy moved aside in her sleep and I got naked again and told Jim I
was going to bed. Then he did something that surprised me."

"What's that?" I asked.

"He said, 'Thanks for the great time, but what's your name?'
hahahahahah! This guy was actually a bit sorry he'd had his first
threesome and didn't know the extra girl's name. I said to him, 'Don't
worry about it. And you're welcome.' When I winked, his member got
rock hard. 'It'll stay hard as long as you want from now on, letting
you fuck all night if you want. Tomorrow, when you both wake up, you
and Tammy can choose what her body will look like. Anything you want,
but once you set it, it can't be easily changed. I'll still be around,
since I'll be staying the night."

"And, even though you're officially spoken for, you're going to fuck
me right now. 'Don't worry about her,' I said pointing to his new
bride. 'She won't wake up.' He was about to protest--still faithful!--
when I took over his mind directly and made him fuck me hard. I hadn't
so much as tasted his new cock, much less have it inside me. Since I
was kinda tired, I just laid back and let him do what he wanted in my
pussy. No anal for me, but he didn't mind."

"I bet h-h-h-heeee--ungh--didn't!" I said, shooting a load into my
small-breasted jogger. She came too, and after kissing me, left to
continue her cool-down jog. "But what about you and Tammy?"

"Well," she continued, a little coyly, "let's just say Jim didn't get
up with the alarm clock. But Tammy and I did. I gave her a tongue-
fucking she will not soon forget. But, I'm running out of minutes on
my phone. I did take one trinket--a whip they'd bought. I made sure
they'd never miss it. My boyfriend..."

"Bill?" I said, cutting her off. "It's Bill this week, isn't it?" I
said, laughing.

"Oh please, it's been Bill for three years. And yes, it's for Bill. I
think he's been naughty with our maid."

"I wonder why!" I said in mock surprise. I knew how horny she kept
them both.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2002, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.
