Leif knew he was a lucky man as he looked over the companions before him. Sir Glen, his host tonight, allowed him first selection for his evening companion. Initially he narrowed the choices down to three. He didn't have to question their abilities; Sir Glen was renown in his circles for his training. All the women waited patiently as they waited to hear from Leif's lips which among them would be selected by him to serve as his companion tonight. They had brought in, asked to kneel in front of Sir Glen's chair illuminated by the fireplace. From the shadows, Leif had come forward, to avoid their curious gazes.
Here in the library lit only by the room's fire, heavy evening shadows were cast over the room. Only Sir Glen's finest would be available tonight. He had seen most of the companions that had come to Sir Glen or had been brought to him for training. They knew him, and of his history.
All but one raven-haired vision who Leif had never met before. She stole a glimpse of Mr. Leif, against all she had been taught. Her conscious prayed that Sir Glen might have missed her slight in fraction. A casual thump of Sir Glen's cane on the floor told her she had been spotted. Internally she cringed.
Leif ignored the reprimand that Sir Glen issued and then approached the daring woman and lifted her chin so that he could read her name on the gold necklace she wore. She chose the moment to look up at him, but could not make out his features because he blocked the light from the fireplace.
"If I may Sir Glen, I believe I would like to select the company of..." he looked into her hazel eyes with a roguish grin, "this siren." He turned to look at the formidable, aging man who he had known in great detail so many years ago. Leif fought the training he had to go and wait by the man's side and help him with his robes.
Sir Glen nodded, his eyes narrowing to her in warning to her. He was fair, but she should remember all he had taught her.
"Yes, Taylor should be a good foil for your skills Mr. Leif." He spoke to Leif motioning with a slight wave of his hand commanding the remaining two to withdraw and rejoin the others, awaiting the other guests of the evening, leaving Taylor at Leif's feet. Hearing the name of the mysterious guest, undoubtedly it would be common knowledge in the entire household in the matter of minutes the identity of the protected guest of Sir Glen. But when his eyes fell back on Leif, Sir Glen's eyes sparkled in a private joke between them.
Sir Glen beckoned his favorite, Laurie, to his side and whispered a few instructions and then motioned for Leif to join him to return to the majority of the gathering. Before Taylor followed silently behind Leif, Laurie slipped Taylor a small package and tucked it in her gown.
Sir Glen and Leif entered the entrance hall, Master and apprentice. In the entrance hall to Sir Glen's home, Leif was nearly blinded after being in the dark quiet room for nearly fifteen minutes. The other guests took note of Sir Glen and nodded and shook his hand as he mingled. They watched Mr. Leif warily.
"You're new here." Lief spoke as he drew Taylor into the shadows of the grand hall behind a large marble column. Taylor shook having been addressed for the first time. She studied his boots, an unusual cut as they were stitched on the outside and not high gloss as many of the other boots she had studied from Sir Glen's collection.
"It is the first time Sir Glen has allowed me to join his evening functions." She dared to allow her gaze to travel up. He was dressed unusually casual for tonight although his blue jeans were new. However, his black cloth robes were starched and crisp for the evening. She was surprised that he didn't wear a belt, but black suspenders with brass fittings engraved with what she decided were his initials.
A derisive chuckle rose from his lips. "A daring one."
"I am sorry." She swallowed hard wondering what Mr. Leif must think of her horrible memory of all she had been taught.
"Oh, to the contrary, I do not mind a little boldness. You must be curious. Step back and look your fill for now."
As she did as she was told, she wondered what he was thinking of her. But her gaze continued as her eyes rose over him. His white shirt was worn, but like his robes were crisp and well starched. But looking into his pale blue eyes, Taylor found he was amused at her curiosity.
Three chimes echoed over the murmur of gossip and laughter that had risen in the grand hall and the entry. The guests seemed to part as Sir Glen and his favorite began to head to the dining room, hand in hand. Most guests had already met their companions for the evening, having previously agreed to the conditions that Sir Glen set. Those that hadn't would meet their companion at dinner. Then a select few wouldn't have a companion at all: the collars marked total commitment, and had been brought as guests of Sir Glen.
Taylor reached into her gown feeling the small package she had been given. She pulled it out and looked at it, realizing it was a pair of dinner gloves for Mr. Leif. She presented them to him.
Again, he chuckled. Taylor found herself attracted to the sultry deep resonance in his voice. "Laurie knows me all too well." He took the gloves, giving Taylor a chance to see his hands. To her surprise, the back of his left hand was marked with a tattoo that only belonged Sir Glen's order. Taylor had not ever met another in Sir Glen's order, and as the hair on the back of her neck stood on end in warning, she undoubtedly was intrigued by the man who had chosen her as his companion for the evening.
Sir Glen's order was men who had come to him at one time or another to be companions. Clearly, though, Mr. Leif was not a companion, at least not anymore. In some ways, the companions of the order were another class unto themselves in the house. All bore the distinctive tattoo of a triangle inscribed of a circle, which in itself was inscribed in a square.
"Now we just need to endure the formalities for at least an hour and then we'll be off on our own." He reluctantly zipped up his own robes, looking as formal as the rest of the guests of Sir Glen.
"Mr. Leif, you cannot tell me that you find amusement in allowing your companion to watch you as you dress." A woman in her own flowing robes and dinner gloves approached Leif as if she was walking on a cloud. "I admire your skill Mr. Leif, taking her already in a public hall. Perhaps you should join the group later in the dungeons?"
"Ah Lady Marie." Leif greeted her warmly with a false smile.
"Now Mr. Leif, I did see you exit Sir Glen's private rooms with this enchanting companion. I hope that you, I, and she might meet up again later tonight?" her perfume surrounded them, and Taylor fought off the urge to fan the air.
Leif turned back to look at Taylor. "I'll see what I can do Lady Marie. But I do believe my companion is only for my eyes tonight." Taylor did not need to look to Mr. Leif to know that his words were genuine.
"Ah well, I'll see you a dinner then." And with a seductive wink she floated away.
"If you'll humor me for one more thing my companion." Taylor's eyes lit up as Mr. Leif addressed her. He hung a silver pendant around her neck.
"This will keep people like Lady Marie at bay." He kissed her shoulder allowing the cold clasp to fall against her pale neck. Taylor stole a moment of inspection of the pendant. On the plain silver disk, three block letters were stamped out: his initials.
   In a moment of introspection, she wondered if there was nothing he didn't put his initials on. Obediently, she followed Mr. Leif wondering what lay ahead in the evening.
In the dining room, it seemed as if the guests had thinned out considerably. Or perhaps now that they were lining up around the table instead of the haphazard cliques that dominated the friends of Sir Glen, that there seemed to be less of them. Every high back wooden chair had an accompanying cushion on the floor for companions, except for Sir Glen's, which Taylor marked with fascination. When all the guests had located their seats, Sir Glen entered, with Laurie. She also noted that Mr. Leif was seated at Sir Glen's left hand.
"My guests," announced Sir Glenn when he had come next to his chair, Laurie waiting patiently behind him. "Before we begin, I would like to welcome you all to our gathering tonight. I hope you find all you desire here tonight. I have but one announcement."
"My companion Laurie, has agreed to bind herself to me." And as the announcement was made, the guests and companions applauded in salute of Laurie and Sir Glen.
Sir Glen held the chair at his right for Laurie and she took it quietly allowing the guests to take their seats. As Sir Glen took his seat, dinner was served, and the dinner chatter rose from the table in hearty gales of laughter and smiles. The guests were looking forward to the evening as it took shape.
"I trust that your return Mr. Leif means you're going to stay this time?" asked Sir Glen.
"You know me better than that Sir Glen, I have my interests else where in the world right now." Was the brusque response as he took a choice morsel from his plate and fed Taylor with his fingers. She accepted the bite, realizing it was Sir Glen's finest fare. He was here tonight to definitely impress his guests.
"Then can I convince you long enough to stay to over see our ceremony?" asked Sir Glen, catching the ears of the guests closest to the head of the table.
Leif paused. "I had no idea you held me in such high esteem Sir Glen."
"Mr. Leif, you should know me better than that. A difference of opinion is hardly a dent in our relationship."
"Then I would be glad to."
"Perhaps in getting you to stay Mr. Leif," spoke Sir Glen's oldest nemesis, Mr. Conner, "He will convince you to help him with the companions." The comment was laced in humor. Leif's stay with Sir Glen eight years ago for nearly two years was the longest he had ever stayed anywhere in recent history.
"Doubtful, I'm sure Sir Glen remembers all of my exploits quite well." Mr. Leif drew a chuckle to try and diffuse the situation. Sir Glen kept his friends quite close, but having Mr. Conner not three seats from his Laurie proved that his enemies were kept closer.
"I doubt there's been as much fuss since you left Mr. Leif. No companion is nearly as daring or as cunning as you were with the wine accident." Chuckled Lady Daire as she flirted needlessly with her companion at her side. Clearly her companion was enamored with the elder woman's grace.
"I was hoping that my fame would not be for the havoc I caused, but my leadership, my overwhelming gentlemanly behaviors." Leif patted the woman's hand. "And if I remember Lady Daire, I believe it was you who swooned into my arms as I was your chosen for the evening."
She smiled fondly at Leif. "Aye, and it was a good thing you were as fast on your feet as you are with your mind."
Taylor looked to Mr. Leif surprised in finding out this bit of information. In her time with Sir Glen, the wine accident, as the novice companions had dubbed it, had seemed as much as lore as truth. Never in her dreams had she imagined that she would meet the mastermind behind the greatest escapade in un- companion-like behavior in Sir Glen's conclave.
"Well Sir Glen, what do you think of your prodigal companion?" asked Mr. Conner. "Do you think you're up to the task of keeping him in line until you and your companion are bound as one?"
From over his wine goblet, Sir Glen appraised Mr. Leif. "I think time has tempered Mr. Leif's ..." he paused searching for the correct word. "Curiosity. I'm quite certain that there are many other things which will capture his time to keep him from leading a companion revolution."
"If that is true Sir Glen," spoke Leif gallantly, "then I must endeavor to keep you on your toes. I sense a challenge."
"Mr. Leif, I believe that I am too old to worry about your little tricks. Besides I've seen them all." With a wink, he passed his cup to Laurie who sipped from it. "I do believe I still have one or two of your former comrades around here who will be able to snuff out anything you might try. I'm not beyond taking you to task in the dungeons."
"In that case Sir Glen, I shall be on my best behavior." The men exchanged meaningful glances. For as much of a scamp Leif had been under Sir Glen's tutelage, Sir Glen had admired the man's tenacity and respected the man that Leif had become in the past years.
With the last course served, Sir Glen clapped his hands, calling for the guests' attention once more.
"Now my friends, the entertainment for the evening. The dungeons are open for you to use as you see fit. Please ask if there is anything you require. My Laurie and I shall be in the dungeons should anyone need additional assistance. I hope those of you who have the company of one of my companions tonight find them more than satisfactory. Before we adjourn, I would like to propose a toast."
All of the seated guests took up their cups, the companions, waited, their eyes submissively downcast.
"May you find what you seek tonight, a new limit, a new fondness, or even a new appreciation. To the journey."
The rumble of agreement as they all echoed the motto of the society, "To the journey."
As the cups were lowered in solidarity, almost immediately, the companions were ordered away on preparatory tasks. Taylor sat patiently wondering what might Mr. Leif have in mind for them both tonight. She watched anxiously as each companion filed out of the room, leaving the
-Perhaps he is a tease, he seems playful enough.- wondered Taylor.
Sir Glen leaned forward in his chair to Leif and spoke in a hushed whisper. "Mr. Leif, you know where your room is, feel free to have entire roam of the facilities here. I can trust you won't get into too much trouble with Taylor."
"Mr. Leif! So good to see you."
"Sir Marcus, the feeling is likewise." Leif turned to rise and greet the familiar man. A regular to Sir Glen's gatherings, Sir Marcus was known for only one true appetite: dinner.
"If you'll both excuse me, I have something planned for Laurie." Sir Glen exited the room with courtesy nods from both men.
"Now who is this enchanting woman that you have here?"
"A companion Sir Glen selected for me tonight." He lied but put a protective hand on Taylor's shoulder.
"He seems to be hiding the best ones. Would you and your companion like to join Sir Joel and myself this evening? We both are headed to the dungeon racks first. I think a pretty one like the one you have in your company tonight would prove to be very interesting to say the least."
"Indeed." Mr. Leif feigned interest. "I have other plans for Taylor tonight, but perhaps we might pass each other in the dungeons, if I have time."
"Of course. Sir Joel!" Sir Marcus called over to his partner in crime. "Well, I'll be seeing you."
"By your leave Sir Marcus." Mr. Leif deferred passage to the other man.
Once they were alone in the dining hall, Leif turned a chair with the toe of his boot next to Taylor.
"Sit." He was brusque as he reclaimed his chair. Taylor climbed into the chair.
"Now ask what ever you wish. I know you heard an earful just now."
Taylor looked at Mr. Leif with saucer shaped eyes. "I wouldn't know what to ask Mr. Leif." She stammered.
"I have some indication from Sir Glen you're a bit difficult to control, he seems to find it funny that you and I are companions for tonight. Is that true?"
"I am working on it Mr. Leif. My faults are something I will always work at to overcome."
"Are you happy here?"
"I've known few other places. I am happy here Mr. Leif."
He nodded. "Can't argue with honesty." He leaned back and unzipped his robes, leaning back to relax in his chair.
Taylor looked around and then apprehensively spoke. "Why haven't we joined the others Mr. Leif?"
An eyebrow arched at the question, which was followed by a chuckle. "I may initially choose my companions for their beauty, but I do like to know my companion is more than she appears."
"Is there anything I might be able to do for you Mr. Leif?" though she asked, her eyes were on the maids who were trying to clear the dining hall.
"Hmmm. Come then." He followed her line of sight getting to his feet with a sigh and holding out his hand for her.
Instead of heading back to the entry and into the room across the hall, he led her up the stairs to his private room.
Taylor hesitated. She had never been in a private room, which wasn't either Laurie's, or Sir Glen's. And this should not occur without Sir Glen's knowledge.
Leif spun around assessing his companion for a moment. In the dull light of the private quarters hallway, he glanced Taylor over in her entirety for the first time.
"Turn around."
Nervously, wondering what Mr. Leif intended to do at this very moment, she did as she was bid.
In the light he caught the pale pink of her gown, and he muttered to himself remembering the color scheme that Sir Glen used to denote seniority. Though Taylor was quite accomplished, to date, Sir Glen had never allowed her to greet companions on their own. And having her accompany her to his private chambers would be quite inappropriate as a guest of Sir Glen.
"Wait here, I'll only be a moment." Leif berated himself privately for not taking more time in selecting a companion for the evening. Within the sanctuary of a private room, he removed the gloves placing them on the bed stand without much though. The fire already lit, and the curtains drawn to remind him of the soul of the deep night, Leif paused for a moment over looking the grounds he had helped maintain so many years ago. But his lingering memories did not last long. His interest in Taylor peaked knowing that Sir Glen found her worthy enough to be a part of the selection process. He hung up his robes in the armoire and then selected a shirt that he wasn't going to miss if it suddenly was misplaced in the depths of the dungeon.
Leif looked over the blue drenched landscape outside the window, wondering where he could go and avoid the girl outside when his door creaked, as it was open, and he turned straightening his cuffs. The silhouette spoke.