The Lover Server Part 4 - Her

As she washed herself, she heard him leave. She knew the village men would be leaving for the hunt today, and wondered at his spending the night. She could never have told him to leave, but she wondered, too, what would come of it - and all that had taken place the night before. She shuddered as she remembered the stories she'd been told in training of the Love Servers who'd been punished for such willfulness. In particular, the story of the two Love Servers who'd been beaten, given clothing, and banished from the village, terrified her. She finished washing and began to brush the tangles from her hair, wandering from behind the curtain as she did so. Her door was left wide open, as it should be, and Lucas - a regular visitor to her room - strode in and shut it. 

"We must hurry," He said, "I waited most of the night for you and now I'm late for the hunt." He sat down, waiting for her to begin the ritual of removing his shoes. She caught herself hesitating and sped forward, falling to her knees and tugging at his shoes almost violently. "I said we must hurry, but I did not mean that you should hurt me!" He spat and slapped her face. Her head rocked back from the blow and her hair flew behind her. His eyes went wide as he looked at her. "Is this why my access to you has been barred all night? So that some other man could use you, and mark you as his own! And then you have the nerve to leave your door open, inviting me in to THIS!!" He roared. His face turned red, and he used both hands to shove her backward. She landed hard on her butt, and her head smacked a table. She saw stars for a moment and when they cleared, he was on top of her, grunting. He pulled out of her and let his ejaculate spray her full in the face. He rearranged his clothes and left, slamming the door shut. 

She stood, crying, and washed again. She resumed brushing her hair and straightened up her room. There was nothing left to do but inspect her body for the marks Lucas had seen. She found nothing, but felt tenderness at her neck on both sides. With marks on her body, she couldn't have visitors, of course. But, she was also forbidden to leave her room, not even for meals. She hung a white cloth on her door and waited. 

Within the hour, two village women came to her door, in response to the white cloth. Both were dressed smartly, and both were concerned for Cypress' well being. The need for medical attention was deemed a high priority for Love Servers. The women saw immediately what the problem was and after ascertaining that there was nothing else, one of the women left to bring Cypress a meal. The second woman stayed to tend to her, holding soft cloths against her neck, cold, damp and smelling of some medicinal herb or other. When the first woman returned with her morning meal, she also brought news of Lucas' report to the Mistress. She did not know details, only that the Mistress was on her way. They encouraged Cypress to eat quickly and promised to stay with her until the Mistress's arrival. They would be expected to leave then, while Cypress was thoroughly examined and questioned. 

Mistress Naveah arrived within minutes, alone, and she cleared the room without greeting. She stood over Cypress, worry and anger warring for position on her face. Standing nude in the sunlight, hands on hips, one leg stuck out, her Mistress looked perfect. She couldn't help taking in the long, dark hair, the huge brown eyes, the small, perfect breasts topped with areole that were almost brown. She was taller than Cypress, and her body was long and lean. She was older than all the other female Love Servers and while it showed in her face, her body was taught and delicious. She had puffy pussy lips that stuck out of the hair there, swollen and always wet looking. 

Cypress' attention was snapped back to her Mistress's face when she spoke her name in a tone that told her just how much trouble she really was in. "Tell me everything."

Cypress told her Mistress all that had happened, leaving out nothing, including her own wanton behavior, and ending with showing her the marks on her own neck. 
