Hot Springs - The Last Day
by Emi Tsuruta

It was day three of my trip to the hot springs with my boyfriend, Ryosuke, the last day.  We'd stayed the night in an inn in Kawazu Nanadaru, a resort town up in the mountains of the Izu peninsula not far from Tokyo. That morning, I woke up early because I wanted to see as much as I could before we had to go home.  Especially, I wanted to go see the outdoor bath. It's really famous because it's right by this beautiful waterfall in the woods.  I woke up Ryosuke, and we got ready, so we could get there before everyone else.  I wore my yukata, and debated putting on some underwear, but decided not to.  As soon as Ryosuke was ready, we headed out to find the bath. 

The morning breeze smelled so fresh, and felt cool on my skin.  The falls turned out to be a long walk from the inn.  I was all excited to see what it would be like.  We walked down this path that ran along the base of the cliff behind the inn.  You could kind of see the main road through the trees.  When we finally got there, it turned out that there was this whole group of older salarymen already there having a dip.  They all turned to look at me, so I kind of hid behind Ryosuke.  The bath was nice and clean, and there was a beautiful view of the falls, but I really didn't want to strip naked with all these strange men looking on. 

We peeked into a few of the other baths they had nearby, dug out of caves in the cliffs or in wooden shacks, but the men were glaring at me expectantly, so I finally convinced Ryosuke to go back to the inn.  We ended up going to the indoor baths, he to the men's, and I to the ladies', just to clean up before breakfast.  There were no windows at all in the women's, but it was nice enough I guess - clean and bright with wood paneling on the walls. 

We had breakfast in the main dining room, and then hurried back out to see if the bath by the falls was free.  The men from before were gone, but now on the other side of the river, there was a tour bus and a tour guide with a microphone talking to this whole group of older men and women.  We waited for a time hoping they'd get back on the bus, but then another tour bus came.  Feeling kind of discouraged, we walked back to the inn, and asked the clerk about all these buses.  She said they always had a lot of tour groups coming through because the falls were so famous. 

Ryosuke and I ended up going back to our room to try to figure out what to do.  We'd come all this way to try that bath, but there was just no way I was getting naked in front of all those tourists with their cameras.  I'd brought my bathing suit, but even that would be weird.  Ryosuke looked disappointed.  He sat there sulking for a while, so to cheer him up, I dragged him out to have another look around the inn.  It was getting near check out time, but we wandered down for one last look at the indoor baths. Suddenly, Ryosuke's face brightened up. 

"Here, check if anyone is there on the women's side.  I'll check the men's." 

I wasn't quite sure what he was thinking, but I went in, and sure enough everyone had gone by then.  I came back out, and he said the men's was empty too. 

"Here, let me just take a few quick snaps.  Take off your clothes." 

"You're not coming in here!" I told him, blocking the women's door.  He pointed towards the men's, and I shook my head no. 

"OK, then just let me take your picture here." 

The hall where we were standing was a few steps down from the main floor, but you could kind of hear the staff running around.  We went over, and peeked down the hall, but it looked like no one was coming this way.  I walked back to the ladies', but my heart was starting to speed up at the thought of stripping. 

"OK, but just for a second," I finally told him. 

He'd been grumbling all morning, but as soon as I said this, he brightened up.  I gave him a kiss, and then disappeared back into the ladies' change room.  I slipped out of my yukata.  I felt so naughty.  I left my things there, nervously walked over to the door, and peeked out from under the hanging curtain. 

"Is anyone coming?" I asked.  Ryosuke gave me a big smile, but ran over to the stairs again to check. 

"The coast is clear." 

My heart beat faster as I stepped right out into the hall - stark naked. I did have on my good luck necklace though.  Ryosuke started taking my picture, so I tried to give him my sexiest look, but I was sooo nervous. We could still hear the staff's voices coming from upstairs. 

"Stand by the men's entrance," Ryosuke pointed.  I peered over at the stairs, but it looked safe, so I quickly hopped over, and posed in front of the men's.  I arched my back, trying to look sexy.  I pretended like I was going to go into the men's, and I almost did except we heard someone coming up the stairs, so I ran back to the women's.  I stopped at the doorway, so Ryosuke could get one last shot, and then rushed inside, and put my yukata back on.  We quickly went back up to our room.  Ryosuke laughed, and congratulated me on being so daring.  I smiled. 

So we missed out on the bath by the falls, but anyway, we still had the whole day to enjoy before we had to head back home, so we decided to do some sightseeing on the way.  In the guidebook, Ryosuke found something about another waterfall right nearby.  We drove up that way through the mountains, enjoying the scenery.  It was still a bit early for the leaves to change color, but all the mountains were covered with beautiful green trees, and there were these quaint little country towns along the way. Before long, we found the place where the waterfall was supposed to be. There weren't any other cars in the parking lot.  We parked, and then found the trail that led through the woods to the falls. 

The path through the woods was nice too - quiet and peaceful.  Ryosuke was smiling, and held my hand as we walked along.  After we'd been walking a while, we finally found the falls.  They were tall and narrow, just a small stream of white water.  There was a nice clear pond at the bottom.  I took off my shoes and socks, and dipped my toes in.  Ryosuke said he wanted to take a few more pictures. 

"Wade out into the water." 

"I don't want to get my jeans all wet." 

"Take them off then." 

I gave him a look.  It's like getting me naked is all he thinks about. Anyway, it was true we hadn't seen anyone since we parked the car.  I still felt nervous, but I ended up taking off my jeans.  I started teasing him a bit, posing and splashing him, but it really did look like there was no one around, so finally I pulled off my hoodie and blouse too.  I ended up taking off my undies too, and waded out naked into the pond.  The water was cool, but I was all excited at being out here naked far from my clothes. 

I splashed Ryosuke standing at the edge.  We couldn't stop laughing. The water was a lot colder than the springs, so I ended up coming back out. I'd left my towel back in the car, so I held onto Ryosuke to warm up.  He'd gone all quiet, and I started to feel pretty self-conscious without my clothes.  I was about to put them back on, but Ryosuke told me, 

"Here just put on the hoodie." 

I quickly pulled it on.  It was soft and warm, but I was naked from the waist down.  I pulled the hem down to cover up my bushy hair at the front, but it wasn't really long enough to cover up my bottom.  I wanted my jeans back, but Ryosuke wouldn't give them to me.  He ran off with them and my other clothes, down the path. 

"C'mon.  Let's go." 

I quickly wiped off my feet, pulled on my running shoes, and ran after him.  I felt pretty silly walking around bare ass like that.  I couldn't stop shivering.  I kept hearing noises coming from the woods, and I had to hurry to keep up with Ryosuke. 

Unfortunately about half way back to the car, we heard voices coming this way from ahead of us.  I hid behind Ryosuke.  Sure enough there was another group of hikers coming down the path.  I started panicking.  There was no time to get dressed.  I pulled down the hem of the hoodie as best I could, but I was so frightened.  Here I was half naked in the middle of this forest. 

As they came closer, I saw there were three of them, two middle aged women and an older kindly looking man.  They were Japanese, but dressed up like Swiss mountaineers with feathers in their hats, knee-length shorts and hiking boots.  They looked so funny dressed like that.  I started giggling. Here I was romping around in this hoodie, and they looked like they were ready to climb the Alps. 

"Hello there," they called out.  I hid behind Ryosuke, and tensed as they came closer.  Ryosuke pushed me back out of their way, and bowed his head to return their greeting.  I held my breath as they passed, but once they had gone by all three of them turned, and noticed my bare behind.  I closed my legs, but I couldn't pull the hem at the back down enough to cover up.  There was a long tense silence, and then suddenly they all broke out laughing. 

"Don't catch a cold there, missy," the gentleman yelled back as they headed on further down the path.  Ryosuke and I were just so surprised we didn't know what to say.  They just kept on laughing, as they hiked down the path out of sight.  I was amazed.  They'd caught me naked, but didn't seem upset or anything.  Maybe my magic necklace does work. 

"Do you think they ran around naked when they were young?" he asked.  I rubbed my bare bottom, and looked back the way they'd gone. 

"That is funny." 

"Maybe we should have asked them to take our picture," Ryosuke joked.  I giggled, and then gave him another kiss.  I was in such a good mood.  I skipped along the path not as worried as I had been.  Once we got within sight of the road though I slowed down, and crouched down to hide.  I covered my pussy with my hand, and watched the road carefully. 

"Here, you'd better give me my clothes back." 

Ryosuke came up behind me, and patted me on my bottom. 

"Oh, don't do that," I warned, getting all excited.  He started feeling around for my pleasure zone.  I jumped when he found it.  "Hey, cut that out." 

He gave me this cool stare, and then walked out and over to the car, and opened the trunk. 

"Hey, come back!" I looked both ways down the highway, and I couldn't see any cars coming, so I cautiously stepped forward.  Ryosuke closed the trunk, and then got into the driver's seat.  He didn't have his bag anymore. 

"Here, hop in," he called out.  I stepped out of the forest into the sun, but I was absolutely panicking.  I felt my bottom.  I was so excited by then. 

"Ryosuke, open the trunk.  I need my things." 

"Come on.  Get in.  It'll be fine." 

I didn't want to stay out in the open too long, so I finally ran over to the car, and opened the door. 

"I need a handkerchief or something." 

"What for?" 

I didn't want to say it, but if I sat down like this, I'd get the seat all wet.  He finally relented, and handed me some tissues to spread out on the seat.  I got in, but I could still feel the vinyl of the seat right on my backside.  I felt sooo nervous!  The seat seemed so high, and I was worried that people in the cars we passed would be able to tell.  I closed my legs tightly, and pulled the hoodie hem down as far as it would go, but my bare thighs were shining pink in the bright sun.  As Ryosuke started the engine, I motioned for him to stop. 

"Uh, Ryosuke, I don't think this is such a good idea.  People will be able to tell." 

"You look fine.  Don't worry.  Besides the other cars will be going by too fast to get a good look at you." He reached over, and pulled up my hoodie examining my bush.  "Besides you've got the sweetest looking pussy. You should give more people a peek." 

I swatted him, and pushed the hem back down.  I didn't feel safe at all, but Ryosuke pulled out onto the highway.  I wanted my panties back, but I didn't want to fight, so I just went along with it for now.  If I'd really wanted to be good, I probably shouldn't have gotten undressed in the first place.  That's what got him all excited.  I kept thinking about those people who had seen us.  'Don't catch a cold!' That is so funny.  It was almost like they were on my side. 

We drove along through this beautiful scenery, but I had trouble relaxing.  I was so worried that someone would see that I was naked.  I would tense up every time a car drove by.  It was pretty obvious Ryosuke was enjoying tormenting me though.  I don't think I'd ever ridden in a car naked before, so it was a thrill, even if it was a bit nerve-wracking. 

Ryosuke stopped the car in the nearest town, Shuuzenji, to buy some lunch.  He wanted me to come with him to buy it, but there was no way I was going to leave the car half naked.  I just waited in the car shivering and hoping no one would walk by.  When Ryosuke finally came back, I begged him to get my clothes out of the trunk, but he wouldn't.  It felt so weird to be sitting there in the car bare ass with my lunch perched on my knees.  A couple of people walked by down at the corner, but no one came over this way.  I really wanted my panties back, but Ryosuke wouldn't listen.  It was safe enough in the car I guess, but I felt really exposed. 

When we were done lunch, we drove a bit more till we got to the main highway.  That was even scarier because there were two lanes, and sometimes a car would pass us.  I kept covered up as best I could, and tried to act calm, but the whole situation was so unnerving.  When we came to Lake Ashinoko, Ryosuke turned along the Skyline highway which runs along the top of the mountains next to the lake.  Luckily there weren't so many cars there.  Part way along, Ryosuke stopped the car at this lookout spot, and got out. 

"Well, aren't you coming?" he asked cheerfully.  I just glared at him. We were way up on the top of this mountain range.  I could see the lake, but what worried me was the highway back behind us.  There weren't any cars in this parking lot, but I was still really worried.  Ryosuke came around, and opened my door, and stood there waiting.  I got up my nerve, stuck my feet out, and stood up, holding the front of my hoodie down over my pussy. On the other side of the highway, you could see this other low mountain range stretching off into the clouds in the distance. 

"Mount Fuji is over that way, but I guess you can't see it today." 

What am I doing walking around outside half naked right by Mount Fuji? Ryosuke grabbed my hand, and pulled me over toward the lake side of the lookout.  I could feel the air between my legs, and the feeling was driving me crazy.  It was so bright out, and we were so out in the open.  There was no place to hide.  He motioned for me to stand over by the railing, so he could take a picture.  I stood there...  teeth chattering, all in a daze. I vaguely remember him coming over and giving me a kiss, but I was just so out of it, caught up in all the excitement. 

I didn't even try to stop Ryosuke as he pulled the hoodie over my head, leaving me naked.  I could see miles and miles of mountains and valleys, and here I was completely nude up at the top of it all.  I spread my arms out, and started twirling around.  I felt so free and alive and excited. 

I don't know what Ryosuke was planning, but suddenly, another car pulled into the lot.  I quickly dashed back to our car to hide.  I was freaking. Ryosuke quickly came over, and the two of us struggled to get my hoodie back on.  He opened the car door, and I dove in.  I'm not sure if they saw me, but we didn't stick around to find out.  I think I saw them watching as Ryosuke drove off.  My heart was pounding in my chest, but I was so relieved we'd got away all right.  Ryosuke broke out laughing. 

"You should have seen the look on your face!  I wish I'd got a picture." 

"That's not funny.  It's all your fault, you know." 

"No, I mean, you looked so cute and sexy." 

I looked over at him, a bit embarrassed at how horny I was feeling. 

"Can we stop somewhere?" I asked shyly. 

"No, I've got to get off this highway first.  We can take a right down into Hakone, and maybe find a quiet place there." 

I tried to relax, but I was so worked up.  A little further along, we came to a toll booth.H I realized we'd have to stop to pay them, so I pulled the hem of my hoodie down to cover up.  Ryosuke stopped right next to the little window.  I couldn't really see the toll taker's face because the booth was so high, but I think he could see my bare thighs. 

"A thousand yen," he said.  Ryosuke looked over at me with this evil gleam in his eye, and said, 

"Oh, Emi, I think my wallet's in the back seat.  Can you get it?" 

What?  He can't be serious.  If I got up, and leaned over the back seat, the toll taker would see my bare behind.  I shook my head no, but Ryosuke kept motioning for me to do it.  There weren't any cars in our line, but the toll taker was right there.  Ryosuke looked up at him, and then whispered in English. 

"He's not looking.  He's busy with the cash register." 

That sounded hopeful, but I was still afraid.  Ryosuke kept nodding for me to go for it.  I took a look out the windshield, and then quietly undid my seat belt.  I pulled down the hem of my hoodie at the sides, but it was way too short to cover my behind.  Ryosuke was grinning away, all excited. 

Bracing my hands on the dashboard, I slowly got up, and turned around showing them my ass.  I could feel the air tickling my hello kitty getting me even more excited.  I stuck my head over the seat back, but I swear I felt like I was getting into position to be spanked.  My bare bottom was way up in the air.  I was so horny. 

I leaned way forward, my ears and face getting all hot.  As I leaned over, the hem of my hoodie slid up exposing even more of my bottom.  I wasn't sure if the toll taker was watching, but if he was, he'd be getting quite the eyeful. 

I opened Ryosuke's bag, and felt around for his wallet.  I was so excited it wasn't even funny.  I finally found his wallet, grabbed it, and crawled back into my seat.  I handed the wallet to Ryosuke, but I felt so embarrassed.  I suddenly realized my pussy was showing, so I quickly pushed the hem back down, and turned away trying to hide how much I was blushing. I've never felt so embarrassed. 

Ryosuke handed the man a bill, and then we had to wait for the change. It was taking forever.  I wondered if the guy was deliberately drawing things out, so he could ogle me some more.  Eventually, he paid us, and Ryosuke pulled away.  Ryosuke looked pleased, but I was worried that the guy might call the cops on us. 

We drove some more, but all I could think of now was sex.  It took forever to find a place to park.  First, Ryosuke stopped the car in this little tree-covered laneway.  We pushed the seats back, and started to make out, but there were voices coming from outside the car.  We sat back up, and sure enough there were all these people walking by.  I pulled my hoodie back down, but more people kept coming, so eventually we gave up, and went to look for another place. 

Next, we parked the car off behind this bus shelter.  It seemed quiet enough at first, and we snuck in to the shelter, but as soon as we started to make out, we heard voices coming from outside again.  A group of middle-aged women were coming this way, so I pulled my hoodie back down, and we ran back out to the car, and drove away.  That was pretty close too. If we'd started making love, and they came in, that would have been embarrassing! 

Eventually, we just gave up on Hakone, and got back on the highway.  I kept fingering my pussy.  I was so worked up by then I could have done just about anything.  Ryosuke was concentrating on driving, but I could tell he was pretty frustrated too. 

As we started to get closer to my home, I got more and more nervous.  I recognized the scenery.  We came to Enoshima, this beach resort near my house.  Ryosuke pulled into a car park under a family restaurant.  There were all these cars driving by on the street, so Ryosuke finally got my mini-skirt from the trunk.  I still felt pretty naughty walking up the stairs with no underwear on, but I think we managed to eat and everything without anyone noticing. 

After supper, we walked across the road to the beach.  It's changed a lot.  It used to be all these old little shops that sold swimsuits and surfboards, but now they've put in an underground parking lot and landscaped it all like a botanical garden with public washrooms and stuff. We zigzagged through the walkways and trees, till we finally came out to the beach.  It was dark by then, but there were still some people out walking their dogs and stuff. 

I was thinking we should give up, but Ryosuke still wanted to try.  We found this long round walkway ramp that was kind of hidden by these bushes in planters.  It was right by the entrance to the washrooms, but if we ducked down, maybe we could hide.  I still thought it would be too risky, but Ryosuke was all excited still. 

He started kissing and nuzzling me, and then he, like, put his hand... well you know, down there, and started playing around.  It was so embarrassing, but it felt good too.  He knelt down, and all of a sudden he was licking me, and I was like 'oh god no.' It was getting me so excited that I thought I was going to, like, you know...  come I guess, but then I made him stop, and stand back up.  He undid his pants, and then I squatted down, and took a hold of his manhood.  I licked him a bit, but he was pretty close to the edge too, so I had to stop.  He got out a condom, and I helped him put it on.  He was so hard. 

I stood back up, and took another look over at the washrooms, but it was still pretty quiet.  I was still worried that someone might come walking up the stairs from the beach, but we were too far gone to just stop.  He got me to bend over, but then he started undoing my skirt.  I was shaking all over, but I lifted up my feet one at a time, so he could take my skirt off. He set it down on the ledge of the planter, and I bent over again, but now he started pulling up my hoodie.  I grabbed it to stop him - we'd seen some people on the beach just a few minutes before - but he kept whispering that it would be OK, and so I finally let him take it off me.  There I was naked again.  We were so close to the highway that I could hear the cars whizzing by. 

I was like completely freaking out by then, but Ryosuke got me to bend back over, and then he started teasing me with the tip of his manhood.  I was getting fed up with being teased, so I spread my legs even more, and started leaning back into him.  He finally started sliding it in.  It seemed so big.  My whole body tensed, but he just kept pushing it in further and further.  It felt so good!  He started humping, and I felt like these tremor shocks every time he pushed.  He was getting so big it was getting hard to move, so I spread my legs even more, but he slid in even deeper.  It got so I couldn't think of anything else, just the sensation of him up inside me.  I must have come first, but I was so far gone I don't even remember what happened.  I was on cloud nine. 

When my mind finally cleared, Ryosuke was still there, and he handed me some wet naps.  The insides of my thighs were all gooey.  I wiped them off, but I wanted to get back dressed.  Ryosuke picked up my clothes though, and we ran over to the washrooms.  Ryosuke wanted me to walk down to the beach naked, but anyway, it was getting late, and he had to take me home before driving back to Tokyo, so finally he let me get dressed.  We got my panties from the trunk, and I slid them on. 

From there, Ryosuke drove me back to my house in Kamakura.  We couldn't let my parents see him, so he let me out at the bottom of the hill.  I gave him a quick kiss, and then, watched as he drove away.  All kinds of stuff had happened, but anyway, it had been a good trip. 

I have just a little bit more to tell you about Japan.  Hope you are having a nice spring.  See you, 
