Luke was fiddling with his hat again, wriggling a finger up underneath the edge of it; Guy nudged him none-too-gently in the side and got a half-hearted glare for his trouble. It wasn't that Guy thought Luke would really knock the thing loose, not on purpose, but sometimes he just didn't think his actions through. And they really didn't need to draw any more attention to themselves.

Showing off a head of bright red hair while walking the streets of what had been the capital city of Kimlasca was therefore high on their list of things not to do. They could be grateful, at least, that it was cool enough for a hat not to look out of place.

Seeing what had become of Baticul over the past two centuries was shocking, to say the least. Guy still remembered his first impressions of the city, when he'd arrived as part of the Malkuth delegation to discuss a joint defense against the growing Archadian Empire. It was mostly a memory of height, of open views and wide streets and the rattle of the trolleys and elevators moving between levels. There had been so many people, constant streams of them moving in and out of the marketplace and coliseum and temple. Not that the Malkuth capital of Grand Chokmah had any fewer people, but they had more room to spread out there, and it showed.

Two centuries later and the people were still there-- strangely dressed, to Guy's eyes, and far noisier than he remembered. And if he'd thought there were a lot of them before, there were so many more now, crammed into the corners, shoving past each other on the walkways and staircases. Everything looked dimmer, somehow, the colours faded, the surfaces dusted over and worn down.

"This way," Basch murmured, leading them forward. Guy chanced a look over his shoulder, making sure the others were still behind them. They'd agreed to split up and move through the city in smaller groups where they could-- fifteen fighters was a bit obvious travelling together, but enough people still came and went from the coliseum that a few here and there didn't turn any heads.

The basic layout of the city hadn't changed that much, not at the heart of it-- there were only so many changes that could be made to the infrastructure of a city built into the side of a cliff, after all. But on the lower levels, at least, streets had been shifted or split or in-filled, and Guy had trouble fitting what he remembered onto what was currently there. Luckily, Basch's knowledge of the city was far more recent than either Luke's or his, and he was leading them forward with only a few false turns.

Guy wondered if the upper tiers were just as changed. The nobility had always been legendarily jealous of their properties, but who knew how many of them had made it through Archades taking over, never mind the last fifty years. Baticul seemed to have fared better than other cities they'd seen-- better than Balamb, for example-- probably due to the presence of the portal, but Guy could already see that it hadn't escaped unscathed.

The city was still enough his home that it kind of hurt to see it so changed. He could imagine how Luke must have been feeling-- could feel the agitated roil of Luke's emotions in the back of his own head. The look in Luke's eyes as he worked through the crowds made Guy walk a little closer.

Basch gestured them forward again, leading them through a side passage and from there to what looked like an old maintenance elevator.

"How do you know all of this?" Guy murmured to him as they paused to let the others catch up, eyeing the battered mechanics of the lift. This wasn't the first time Basch had shown them some sneaky back route around a guard post or between levels.

Basch gave a crooked smile over his shoulder. "The product of a misspent youth," he answered.

For security reasons, the portal facilities weren't actually part of the palace. The portals had been created as major transportation routes that could shuffle streams of people and trade goods between worlds, after all, and thus weren't easy to guard. The designers had therefore placed the Baticul portal on its own tier of the city and built an entire facility around it, with warehousing space for transport goods and a series of offices for those in charge of running the thing. It was an ugly grey building that would have stood out from old Baticul like an eyesore.

Five guards stood at the front entrance, with more probably waiting inside-- Guy eyed the surrounding landscape and nodded agreement when Basch pointed them back the way they had come. Not that they couldn't have taken care of any number of guards, among themselves-- it was entirely possible they could have ripped their own doorway right through the wall-- but it still seemed better to do things quietly, if possible. So the rear service entrance with its two visible guards was still a better choice, even if it made some members of their party grumble.

They muscled past the two guards, Guy and Luke moving to knock them senseless before they were even aware of the intrusion. The door was locked but it yielded to Basch's twist and push, and then they were filtering in by twos and threes, taking up watchful positions along the walls until everyone was inside.

The halls beyond had the plain, unadorned look of warehouses everywhere, occasionally given a wash of paint where there were more offices than storage rooms. They climbed and descended several sets of stairs, backtracked a couple of times and had to incapacitate four more guards and a rather stunned trio of maintenance workers before getting to the actual portal room, a massive thing with a high ceiling that was unremarkable but for the control pedestal to one side. The portal itself was a featureless grey square on the far wall.

There were at least thirty uniformed guards between them and it, all of whom came abruptly to attention when one happened to be looking just the right way to notice Roy's head as it darted a look around the corner. Someone shouted in wordless alarm, and Guy heard Luke mutter something uncomplimentary under his breath.

Guy firmed his grip on his sword and swung around the corner of the doorway, ducking and weaving instinctively even though none of the guards seemed to have guns ready. He dove into their midst with Luke moving at his side like an extension of himself, cutting effortlessly through the guards' forward line. It was the first time they'd really fought together since Kaitzur, since this whole mess began, and the change was startling-- he was very aware of Luke's position beside him, to the point where he could almost see where Luke would go before he moved. And Luke responded to his own movements as smoothly as if they'd been practicing it for months. It was-- it was incredible, and Guy felt his mouth turning up in an entirely inappropriate grin.

Even so, they weren't quite fast enough-- one of the guards fumbled at a console on the wall and a siren began to wail throughout the facility. Bare seconds later the man was tumbling senselessly from Basch's fist, but the damage was already done.

A glance showed Jade and Roy working furiously at the portal controls and shortly thereafter the portal itself hummed to life, a ripple of air between the gateposts the only visible sign. Jade stepped through immediately.

Guy exchanged a startled look with Luke-- from their vantage, it looked unnervingly like Jade had vanished into thin air. Guy gritted his teeth, though, grabbed Luke's arm and ran. They hit the portal at a dead sprint just as a fresh wave of guards rounded the corner behind them, and then it all faded out.

***

Squall coughed as he came out of the portal, staggering the last few steps and jarring his ankles as he stumbled over an unseen drop. He doubled over as he came to a stop, breathing deep as he tried to control his rebellious stomach. Seifer muttered some kind of nasty comment, but Squall managed to ignore him-- Seifer had a rather pale, dazed look on his face, too, and the comment had been half-hearted as best, not worth a response.

Neither of them had ever traveled inter-world before; from the looks of things, most of the others hadn't either. The shock was supposed to be the worst the first time. Jade was one of the few who maintained his composure, but from what little he'd seen of the man Squall wasn't sure that anything ever fazed him.

The room they had emerged in was a twin of the one on the other side, except that it was currently empty. Empty, but obviously not abandoned-- the floors were clean and the portal controls looked well-maintained. Squall strained his ears, and thought he heard the faint sounds of motion and voices in the hallways beyond. "We should get moving," he said in a low tone.

"I hate to agree with him," Seifer added, looking around narrowly, "but I can't help but notice that there aren't many doors here. Be a bad place to get caught."

Vincent was already ghosting towards the exit. "Someone will have noticed the portal activating," he said. "We should make as much progress as possible before whoever runs this facility realizes that we are not an authorized transport party."

"'s what I said," Seifer muttered. Squall scowled at him by reflex, then scowled harder when he realized that he'd already fallen in at Seifer's shoulder in a defensive posture. For a moment he considered stepping away, but eventually discarded the idea. Whatever their connection was, he admitted grudgingly, it did make them fight better together. That had been proven back in Baticul, despite the fact that a few unenhanced guards were hardly any kind of challenge

Just then, in a strange place against an unknown number of foes-- it made sense to take any advantage they could get. Even if it was one he'd still rather do without.

They almost managed a seamless escape. Most guards didn't expect intruders to be coming from inside the area they were guarding, after all. But all it took was one startled runner that they didn't manage to silence quickly enough, and then there were pounding footsteps chasing them as they made their way through the maze of passages towards what was hopefully an exit. It was just instinct leading them-- moving them towards a vague sense of open air beyond concrete walls.

Squall took a firmer grip on his gunblade and held it ready as the first enemy body came into view ahead of them, cutting them off. At his back, Seifer laughed low in his throat.

When they finally hit open air, they just kept on running, aiming for the nearest cover-- though the shock of the air hit Squall like a slap to the face as they left the climate-controlled building. It was hot, hotter than summer in Balamb had ever been, and they were all dressed for autumn in Baticul. Squall was sweating beneath his leather before the portal building was out of sight.

It was bright, too-- the sun was a white glare that reflected off everything and rippled in waves above the few sprawling buildings. And maybe it was just the odd knowledge that he was on a different world than the one he knew, but everything looked kind of wrong as a result, all the colours a little bit off. The plants were brown-edged, thick and waxy, totally unlike the forests that clung to the remote parts of Trabia.

They came to a halt some distance away, after the last confused shouts of the guards had faded, to catch their breath and take stock of their surroundings. Seifer cursed as he shook sand off his boot; Squall smirked at him, and tried not to fidget at the drip of sweat running down his neck.

"So," Yuri said, "that's done. Where to next?" He had already shed his outer shirt, and was fanning himself with one hand.

They had a map, courtesy of an abandoned tourist's kiosk near the portal building in Batciul. Jade spread it out on the ground and, after a moment of consideration, pointed. "There," he said. "Our coordinates seem to point us there."

Squall looked at the pointing finger, and dubiously eyed the spot that it had settled on-- a little blob of brown in a whole lot of blue.

"Doesn't look like much," Seifer said, echoing his thoughts.

"Nevertheless," Jade said with suspicious cheer, "that seems to be our goal. Shall we?"

***

No one glanced at them twice on the ferries, which was a relief but also a bit of an anticlimax. There was apparently enough transient traffic moving between the islands that they could go unnoticed, even with a group as incredibly unwieldy as theirs was-- either that or the islanders really were just that laid-back. They certainly didn't seem to let much bother them, from what Luke had seen so far. Maybe that was what had let them survive the political upheavals with so little visible effect, or maybe it just hadn't hit this world as hard as his own.

When they departed the mainland-- a pretty vague term, considering that it was just a really big island-- they skimmed the edge of the major tourist areas and hopped a series of ferry services along the keys that were scattered between their starting point and their destination. No ferries ran to the section of islands they needed to get to, though, so they played leapfrog with charter ships and rowboats and, finally, stowed away in the hold of a cargo freighter.

Eventually they did end up where they needed to be, and it quickly became obvious why it was so difficult to get to-- it was nothing but rock barrens and shrub thickets as far as the eye could see, with very few signs of habitation. The dock was a long thin plank connected to a mining outpost; they narrowly escaped having to swim to shore, which was a relief since Luke remembered what it was like to get salt water in your clothes.

They set out overland, using Vincent's datascreen to give them a fix on their destination. Luke was pretty sure the thing was finally broken when it brought them to what looked like a solid rock face in the midst of a craggy set of hills. A little poking around uncovered a door set into the cliff itself, though, and even with the opening mechanism corroded away by wind and sand and neglect, they managed to force their way inside.

The lights were slow to activate-- circuits and machinery surrounding the solar batteries long unused, chugging reluctantly to life. It was therefore still very dim when they found the expected hallway of darkened hatches, shadows thick in the corners and cast in sharp relief by the few emergency lights that were still in full working order. They triggered the release sequence just by habit, and nothing on the control panel lit up to indicate there was an active tank-- no survivors, which was not entirely a surprise. When they walked the line, though, to be sure, they found no indication that the few very high-tech capsules had ever been used in the first place.

"This is somehow even creepier than all the rest of them," Luke said to Guy in an undertone, "and I didn't think that was possible. Why is there a state-of-the-art laboratory with no test subjects?"

"Maybe the program was abandoned before they could use it?" Guy suggested with a shrug.

"I guess," Luke replied dubiously, still looking around with wide eyes.

"Stairs," Vincent called, and they all went forward and up.

The second floor was full of storage rooms and unlabelled boxes. The floor above that one appeared to be living quarters, which was something new-- but all of the rooms were empty, showing signs of being packed up and evacuated quickly.

"Creepy," Rush muttered, and Luke tossed him a commiserating grin.

The uppermost floors contained office cubicles and file rooms, rows of desks with empty files on top of them. And when they broke into the sealed room at the very top of the stairs, the big shiny bank of datascreens they found there made Jade's eyes go alarmingly glinty.

They all crowded around as Vincent hooked up his palm-sized 'screen, Luke not the only one craning his neck in an attempt to see the display-- until Vincent turned to fix them with a glower and Jade, just behind him, smiled in a way that had them scattering to wait elsewhere. Luke sat to keep himself from pacing, and Guy leaned against the wall nearby; the rest took up similar poses of waiting, though none of them really took their eyes off the two at the far end of the room.

Thankfully, it didn't take very long-- Luke hoped that meant that the stored information was just in better shape than it had been at the previous locations, and not that it was missing entirely. The blank look on Jade's face as he finally sat back didn't seem to bode well, but on Jade that expression could have meant absolutely anything.

After a moment's silence, Jade cleared his throat-- and began to read.

"'By this proclamation and the signatures and seals hereon, a cease-fire and unconditional truce is declared between all nations of the three worlds so that they might join forces against their common enemy. The entity from beyond the stars, to be known henceforth as JENOVA, is a scourge upon mankind that must be met with such force as is necessary to expel its influence back into to void from whence it comes.'

"'By this agreement, each signatory nation will contribute a percentage of the necessary manpower, and as much monetary, technological and personnel support as is feasible, to be determined in future consultations. Each agrees to construct and support the necessary laboratory facilities within its own border--'"

Jade cut off, eyes flickering back and forth as he skimmed the text. "The rest of the document essentially lays out what we have surmised so far, and gives further details about each participant's requirements. It is signed by the ruling councils or monarchs of each nation on all three worlds, and dated two hundred and sixty-four years ago."

Jade set down the datascreen with a delicate click, and for a moment silence hung thickly in the air. Then--

"Aliens?" Rush said. "Aliens, seriously?"

Jade shook his head. "It appears so."

Rush made an incredulous sound and sagged back against the wall. "Just when I thought this couldn't get any weirder."

"I expect that sort of reaction is precisely why the public was never informed of the program," Jade remarked. "All they would have seen were their resources and money going into some farce of a program-- and one that, as a bonus, required human test subjects. I doubt it would have made the rulers of the time very popular."

"But there must have been some proof," David protested. "The ones who signed that document must have known beyond a doubt that their supposed enemy was real. So many separate and opposing nations would not have set aside their differences and started a project of such scope and risk just on a hunch."

Jade gave an eloquent shrug. "The minds of people are baffling things. The minds of politicians, even more so."

"So, do we have any new coordinates to check out?" Yuri asked after a moment, and Luke was actually a bit relieved when Jade shook his head. He was getting a little tired of running all around the three worlds chasing clues that usually ended up being nothing at all-- go figure-- and he figured he couldn't be the only one.

"No, we may have reached our limits when it comes to laboratories, for the moment." Jade flicked the screen through several pages before he let it come to rest. "There may well be more; in fact I would be surprised if we've managed to find them all already. However, much of the more recent information here is heavily encrypted, which means it may actually be useful but also means that it will take time to decipher.

"There is something," he added after a pause, eyes moving again. "Several memos between the project's administrators-- incredibly vague, of course, but all concerning the one of the three worlds we have not yet visited. There is an attached file with some manner of coordinates, although it doesn't seem to follow the usual system."

"So we go world-hopping again and figure it out when we get there," Rush said with a shrug. "Maybe the locals will be able to help. We're not about to stop now, when we're so close to figuring all this out, right?" Around the circle, a few other heads nodded in agreement.

"If that is the group's decision?" Jade looked around and noted the shrugs and nods given in reply. "Fine. But we will not likely be able to use the same portal we arrived by; they'll have increased their security after we left. We'll have to find another, and hope that they have not taken similar measures."

"And how do we do that?"

Jade pulled a sheaf of maps and papers off a nearby shelf, and tossed the whole mess on the table with a beatific smile. "Start looking."