Story: Stasia's Gate

Dan stood silently in the corner.  He was naked, and his bottom was 
bright red from his recent across-the-lap hairbrush paddling from his 
girlfriend Stasia.

His punishment would have been finished a while ago if it weren't for 
the fact that he had ejaculated when he was being spanked.  He 
squirted his spunk on Stasia's legs and ankles, as well as on the 
carpet beneath him.  The way he twisted and squirmed when he spurted 
embarrassed him now, although he felt no shame at the time when the 
intense feeling of his orgasm overcame him.  The pleasurable hot 
spurts rendered the hard hairbrush swats almost pleasant at the time.

Stasia had warned him previously when he had seeped pre-cum on her 
bare thighs during a spanking.  He knew he would spurt someday, and 
today was the day.

He had positioned himself over her lap, after kissing her dark haired 
pussy.  How he loved to pleasure her that way.  The taste, the scent, 
her firm, smooth legs and thighs - those served to predispose him to 
his intense arousal.  Then Stasia picked up the oval hairbrush and 
pointed to her lap.  She brought her thighs closer together and spread 
her feet apart as Dan positioned himself for his spanking.  He sighed 
softly as he felt his firm erection lightly contact Stasia's inner 
thighs.

She tickle-touched his bare bottom for a few moments, and then began 
the spanking.  She placed the sharp smacks about one second apart.  
Dan exclaimed and kicked as Stasia spanked hard.  She pressed her 
thighs together for stability and Dan began to twist and writhe as the 
spanking continued.  At the same time that the spanks sharply invaded 
his consciousness, the thought of Stasia's delectable legs, thighs, 
and pussy aroused him and mitigated the cumulative effect of the 
spanking.

Dan's boner was firm, and the feel of it rubbing between his 
girlfriend's bare thighs as he wiggled served to bring his arousal to 
the fore.  He knew what was likely to happen, and he could not stop.  
Stasia continued to spank, and Dan's arousal increased.  Each swat now 
stimulated him, and he felt the gradual progression of the prelude to 
his orgasm.  Then the feeling engulfed his midsection, and he passed 
the point of no return.  He twisted and pumped shamelessly as he 
freely spurted.

Stasia felt the rhythmic pulsing of his member between her thighs, and 
knew what was happening.  She made an effort to spank harder, and kept 
up until well after her boyfriend was spent.  She stopped spanking and 
pushed him off her lap.  His face, as well as his nether cheeks, had a 
red flush.

She told him to stand in the corner.  He knew that she had something 
else in mind - something more humiliating, though he did not know at 
the time what it was.

After 20 minutes in the corner, he heard Stasia pick up the phone and 
dial.  "Hi Kelly, it's Stasia.  Good, and you?  Dan? He's being 
punished (giggle).  Hey, you want to see something interesting?  How 
about if you come over in about two hours and you can watch as I 
punish him some more.  Good.  Can you get hold of Doris and Veronica 
and see if they can make it too?  (giggle)  Okay, see you then. Bye."

Two hours later, Stasia's three friends were in the living room 
sipping coffee.  The women were in a festive mood.  Dan was still 
naked, standing in the corner.  The ladies did not pay much attention 
to him, which increased his confusion and arousal.  After a while the 
moment he had been dreading approached.

Kelly asked, "Stasia, what's the situation with Dan?"

Veronica and Doris giggled.

"I was giving him a good spanking and he ejaculated - all over my 
thighs and legs, and on the floor," Stasia answered.

"Tee-hee! He gets off on being spanked?!"  Veronica giggled.

"I've had to warn him when he leaked and seeped other times," Stasia 
shamelessly related.

"So what did you do when he, uh, you know..."

"I spanked harder for a while and made him stand in the corner.  After 
I called Kelly, I took him in the other room and gave him two nice, 
big, sudsy enemas to prepare him."

"For what?" Doris asked with wide eyes.

"You'll see! Come with me, ladies."

Stasia's three friends followed her into her bedroom.  She opened a 
drawer and retrieved butt plugs, dildoes, disposable gloves, and 
lubricant.

"Ooooh," Veronica cooed, "This is going to be good."

They followed Stasia back to the living room and she pulled a 
straight-backed chair near the sofa.  After placing the materials on a 
nearby coffee table, her friends seated themselves on the sofa and 
excitedly wondered what was next.

"Okay, Dan," Stasia commanded, "Come over here and get over my lap."

The humiliation that Dan felt when he saw the assorted objects on the 
coffee table and Stasia's three friends with excited smiles was 
nothing compared to what was to come.  He gingerly positioned himself 
across Stasia's lap.

"What are you going to do now?" Veronica asked.

"I want to milk him and drain him completely without his ejaculating, 
and then give him another good spanking," Stasia replied.

"Oh, wow, I've got to see this!" Doris interjected.

Stasia smiled and put on a disposable glove.  She squeezed some 
lubricant on her gloved index finger.  Spreading Dan's nether cheeks 
with her free hand, she then inserted her lubricated finger and probed 
and wiggled it inside him.  When she encountered his prostate, she 
repeatedly pressed hard, evoking twisting and groaning from her 
boyfriend.  Dan's semi-erect cock seeped profusely as Stasia milked 
his prostate.

After a few minutes of this she stopped and retrieved a medium sized 
butt plug and lnserted it in Dan after lubricating it.  His 
humiliation was obvious when Stasia kept him across her lap and 
tickle-touched his naked bottom while conversing with her friends.

A few minutes later she pulled out the plug and inserted a dildo.  She 
casually worked it in and out, slowly at first, and then increasing 
the tempo.  Dan's choked and restrained vocal protests aroused the 
women.

Doris spoke up, "I think his prostate should be milked again, Stasia.  
I wouldn't mind doing that."

"Good!" Stasia replied, and told Dan to get up.

Stasia and Doris exchanged places, and Doris ordered Dan across her 
lap.  She put a disposable glove on each hand, and lubricated the 
middle finger of her right hand.  She inserted her finger into Dan, 
and probed until she found the prostate.

"Ahh, there it is," she said, and pressed hard with a determined 
expression on her face.

"Ahhh-uhhhh!  Ohhhh!  Uhhh!"

With her free hand, Doris reached around and grasped Dan's cock and 
continuously squeezed and pulled it as she continued to press hard on 
his prostate.

"Ohh!  Ahhhh!  Uhhhhhhh!"

Drops of pre-cum dripped from Dan's cock as Doris performed her 
handiwork.  Then she grasped a slender anal probe and inserted it into 
Dan.  She gently and sensuously slithered the tool in and out, while 
her other gloved hand was busy hand-jobbing him.  

Dan's member grew in Doris' hand, and he helplessly became more 
aroused.  His entire midsection suddenly tingled as he approached the 
finish line.

He squirmed in Doris' lap and moaned, "Uhnnnnh!"  

She stopped all stimulation the instant she felt his member twitch in 
her hand. Dan's cock pulsed a couple of times, and then seeped 
profusely.

"Well, look at this!" Doris exclaimed in sensual mock surprise.

She proudly held up her gloved hand with the specimen of cum for all 
to see.  All the women giggled.  Stasia ordered Dan to 
kneel in the corner until she thought he was ready to have more 
milking.

While Dan kneeled in the corner, the ladies talked among themselves as 
if he were not there. They touched on many subjects, occasionally 
talking about him.

"What kind of enemas did you give him, Stasia?" Kelly asked.

"Two enemas, warm and soapy. I put as much as the closed-top bag would 
hold, and used the douche nozzle on him."

"The douche nozzle! Oh, my!" Veronica exclaimed.

"Yes, and I had him hold each one for five minutes. You should have 
heard him carry on (giggle!)"

"I wish I'd been there," Doris gushed.

"The next time I have to give him enemas, maybe I'll call you and you 
can come over and watch."

All the ladies laughed. Kelly and Veronica said that they'd like to be 
included too. Dan squirmed in humiliation at the thought of several 
women watching him receive enemas.

"Kelly, would you like to try your hand at milking him now?"

"Of course," she replied in a sensuous tone.

"Dan, come out of the corner and do everything she tells you," Stasia 
ordered.

Kelly snapped on a disposable glove and beckoned Dan to get over her 
lap.

"I'd like to spank this bottom sometime," Kelly stated. "Now, let's 
see, first some lubricant and a prostate massage." She expertly probed 
inside Dan's back way as everyone watched. Then she retrieved the 
dildo that Doris had used on him, and rather brusquely fucked him with 
it for a few moments. Dan groaned from the discomfort. Kelly left the 
dildo inside Dan and lubricated her other hand and grasped his cock 
with it. As she worked, his member became firm, and then hard.

"Wow, Kelly, where did you learn to do that?" Veronica giggled.

"Oh, I'm not telling," she said with a coy smile.  She worked the 
dildo in and out of Dan's nether portal while she kept up her skilled 
manipulation. Dan frequently groaned, both from Kelly's attentions and 
the humiliation of having all the women watching.

"Oh, look at this," Kelly said in mock surprise as Dan got more 
aroused and closer to ejaculation. A few moments, and the women heard 
an aroused, "AHHHHH!" from Dan. Kelly immediately ceased her handling 
and pulled the dildo out. Dan pumped his hips while positioned over 
Kelly's lap. A trickle of semen leaked from his cock into the woman's 
waiting hand. His frustrated groan filled the room, and Veronica 
giggled.

"All right, back in the corner, Dan," Stasia directed, and then she 
served coffee to her friends.

"Do you give him enemas often, Stasia?" Doris asked.

"Every couple of weeks.  Then I give him a prostate massage with him 
across my lap. We both like that, and things get hot from there." The 
women giggled.

"Do any of you give your guys enemas?" Stasia asked.

"I do, when I'm going with a guy," Kelly admitted. "I like the feeling 
of dominating him and symbolically doing the fucking. I give at least 
two enemas and make him retain each one for ten minutes. Sometimes 
that's a real trip."

"Ooh!"

"Then, if I like him, I take him with a strap-on. I have him lie down 
on his tummy and present his ass for a nice long fucking. You should 
hear the sounds a guy makes when I take him like that."

The other ladies listened attentively to Kelly's narration as she 
continued to tell them how she uses anal play to dominate.

"After enemas and some strap-on play, then I might let him in. If I 
want to give them more during the night, there's always butt plugs and 
dildoes."

"Kelly, do you think Dan is drained enough for his spanking?" Stasia 
asked.

"I don't know. Maybe Veronica would like to see if she can get more 
out of him."

Veronica regarded the scene with her wide eyes. "I'd love to," she 
said, then exchanged places with Kelly.

"Dan," Veronica intoned in a low sensuous voice, "Come over here."

She pulled her skirt up to her hips and bared her thighs. She placed 
her feet apart and pointed her toes in. Her knees were slightly 
separated. "You like what you see, don't you? I notice that you like 
to look at my legs. Come on -- get across my lap."

Dan's humiliation was further increased by Veronica's having caught 
his furtive glances. In spite of, or perhaps because of, the women's 
previous handling of him, he became erect when he felt Veronica's 
smooth firm skin.

Veronica pulled on a disposable glove and gently played with Dan's 
nether portal. Her slender finger wormed and wiggled inside him, 
lightly touching his prostate. He sighed. His boner stirred between 
her thighs.

"I can't wait to see that bottom get a good hard spanking," she 
teased. "Hmm, I think you're not quite drained yet."

She inserted a knobbed dildo inside him and had him stand up and face 
her. She discarded the latex glove and lubricated her hands. Lightly 
and gently, she tickle-touched Dan's cock and his nuts. Her sensuous 
smile aroused him as much as her skilled handling.

As she continued, the presence of the knobbed dildo inside Dan, plus 
the light delicate touching of his genitals, brought him to a 
desperately aroused state. His erection throbbed and seeped. Veronica 
knew that if she kept going like that, Dan would spurt. She suddenly 
stopped, and switched on the vibrating dildo that he retained. After a 
few seconds, she lightly touched Dan's nuts. As soon as she felt his 
cock get ready to spew forth, she turned off the vibrating action. Dan 
squirmed, and groaned in frustration as Veronica collected the trickle 
of cum in her hand. Then she removed the dildo.

The women giggled. "Wow, she knows how to milk them," Doris exclaimed.

Stasia said, "I think it's time for me to spank him again. All you 
ladies are welcome to watch."

Stasia, as she always does when she administers a spanking, pulled her 
skirt up to bare her thighs, placed her feet apart with her toes 
pointing in, and left enough room between her legs for Dan's cock. She 
had him fetch the hairbrush and hand it to her. Then, as Stasia's 
three friends sat close by, he placed himself across her lap.

Stasia swatted hard. She alternated sides on Dan's nether cheeks. 
After the first fifteen swats, he could not keep from punctuating each 
one with an exclamation. When he bucked his hips with each swat, 
Stasia closed her thighs around his cock. She spanked... and 
spanked... and spanked. Dan shouted, bucked, writhed, and pleaded. 
Still, she kept on paddling until she was convinced that he would not 
ejaculate.

When she stopped, she had him stand facing her, and grasped his 
member. A few stringy drops of prostatic fluid were in evidence.

"Well, there's some seepage here, but he didn't cum all over my legs."

"Wow, Stasia, you give a good one!" Kelly exclaimed. The others joined 
in praising Stasia's spanking talent.

"I think a weekly session with enemas and the hairbrush is in order 
for Dan," Stasia noted. "How about if the three of you come over a 
week from today and participate? Kelly, you can give him his enemas 
and show us how you take him with a strap-on. All three of you can 
spank him."

After the women left, Stasia had Dan across her lap for several 
minutes of sensuous prostate massage. Then she led him to the bedroom 
and undressed. He tasted her sweet pussy until she climaxed. Then he 
easily entered her. In spite of his earlier spanking and humiliation, 
he enjoyed Stasia in bed. As he pumped in and out, she tittilated his 
fantasies by talking about her friends.

"I'll bet you'd like to feel more of Veronica's legs," Stasia teased.  
"Maybe I'll have her give you your first spanking next week when 
they're all here. And then Kelly will give you enemas. That'll be fun 
to watch! Then it'll be across Kelly's lap for a good paddling. I bet 
she spanks hard! I wonder how hard Doris spanks. I guess you'll find 
out. Then you'll present your ass for Kelly's strap-on. Maybe she'll 
let the rest of us use it on you after she shows us how. After she has 
her way with you, of course. You'd better wear a butt plug every day 
to get your bottom in shape to take a strap-on. Yes, across my lap for 
some dildo work and then a butt plug. Every day!"

Stasia's closeness, her eyes, her smile, and her excited arousing talk 
sent Dan across the threshold into a wrenching ejaculation, made all 
the more intense from earlier teasing and milkings. Stasia's pussy 
drained him of every drop he had to give. Then she tenderly held him 
close and they slept.

One week later, Dan's insides fluttered when Stasia told him the other 
women were due to come over shortly. She told him to strip to his 
briefs, pull them down to bare his bottom, and lie face down across 
the ottoman in the center of the living room. He was in that 
humiliating position fifteen minutes before the doorbell signified 
that the afternoon's festivities were about to begin.

All the women dressed for the occasion -- Kelly wore a black skirt, 
fashion boots, and a white blouse; Doris wore a short white pullover 
dress and white sneakers; Veronica had a T-shirt, a very short skirt, 
bare legs, and sandals.

After their initial remarks about Dan's position, Stasia invited the 
three women to her bedroom to map out a plan of action. Dan stayed 
face down over the ottoman with his briefs pulled down. He heard 
hushed whispers from the other room frequently punctuated with raucous 
giggling. Several minutes later they returned.

"Stand up, Dan," Stasia directed. "Leave your briefs pulled down."

He stood and faced all the women. He saw that Veronica held a large 
oval hairbrush in her hand. She seated herself on the straight backed 
chair, pulled up her short skirt to show as much of her legs as 
possible, and with a sensuous smile positioned her feet apart, with 
toes pointed in, and her knees slightly separated.

Then she beckoned Dan to get across her lap. His cock began to firm up 
as it nestled between her smooth firm thighs. She waited a few 
moments, subtly moving her legs under Dan. As soon as he became rock 
hard, she started spanking. She swatted hard from the start. There was 
no tender warm-up. Her pattern was to place three hard smacks on 
various parts of one nether cheek, and do the same on the other side. 
After the first few swats, Dan kicked wildly and exclaimed aloud each 
time the hairbrush made contact. Veronica kept on until she had 
delivered more than fifty swats. Dan's raging erection had long since 
subsided by the time she told him to get up.

"Very good, Veronica!" Stasia exclaimed. "I'll remember your 
technique. Now it's time for Kelly to demonstrate how she gives 
enemas. She brought her assortment of equipment, including a nice 
retention nozzle."

"Dan, you can come and watch me prepare it," Kelly stated in a low 
sensuous voice as she led the way to the master bathroom. All the 
women excitedly looked on as Kelly prepared a two quart soapsuds enema 
and attached a double cuffed retention nozzle to the open top bag. She 
spread a large towel on the floor.

"Now Dan," she directed, "Get down on your hands and knees. I'm going 
to give you a nice warm, sudsy enema. I want you to keep your head 
down at all times. Remember that I have not spanked you yet."

She generously lubricated the nozzle as the other women watched with 
wide-eyed anticipation. Then she bent down and spread Dan's nether 
cheeks with one hand and slowly inserted the inner cuff of the 
retention nozzle. She gave the attached bulb two squeezes and Dan 
groaned. She then inflated the outer retention cuff and said, "We're 
ready. Here it comes, Dan!" She released the hose clamp and stood with 
her hands on her hips.

As the enema began to intrude, Dan panted. A moment later, his choked 
groans filled the room. Then he voiced exclamations of true 
discontent. 

He wondered what goes through a dominant woman's mind when she is 
administering an enema. What kind of arousal do they feel when the 
male is struggling to accept and retain the soapy water? Are their 
pussies all creamy now? Do they want a hard cock inside? Do they want 
to diddle themselves, or could they have unassisted orgasms just from 
watching?

"Ten minutes, Dan. You're going to retain this enema for ten minutes. 
And keep your head down."

He twisted and writhed. Kelly scolded him several times to keep his 
head down. He begged her for relief. He pounded his fists on the floor 
in a vain attempt to deal with his feeling of distention. Finally, 
Kelly deflated the retention cuffs and pulled the nozzle out.

"Take your time, Dan. I'm going to give you another one when you're 
done with this one."

"Let's have some coffee while he's getting rid of his enema," Stasia 
suggested. "Dan, come out to the kitchen when you're finished."

While Dan spent more than twenty minutes getting rid of his soapsuds 
enema, the ladies sipped coffee and chatted. They did not talk about 
Dan -- there would be ample time later to do that.

When Dan entered the kitchen -- naked, of course -- Kelly said, "Okay, 
it's time for your second enema. Let's go."

Kelly selected a three quart bag and prepared the solution. "I usually 
give a bigger one for the second enema, and I don't use as much soap." 
She prepared the retention nozzle.

"Okay, Dan, down on all fours, just like the last time. And try not to 
squirm as much." All the ladies giggled.

As much as he tried, Dan could not take the three quart enema without 
a struggle. Kelly admonished him a few times to keep his head down. 
All of the women became very aroused from his exclamations and 
protests.

After a long ten minute retention, Kelly told him to make sure he got 
rid of all of it and then to get cleaned up in the shower. The women 
set the stage for the next part of Dan's ordeal.

When Dan returned he was treated to two ominous sights. The ottoman 
had been draped with towels, with lubricant and a strap-on harness 
with its probe on a nearby table; and Kelly was seated in the 
straight-backed chair with the hairbrush in her hand. She had removed 
her black skirt, and kept her boots, blouse,and panties.

"Come over here, Dan. I'm going to paddle you. Over my lap. Yes, 
that's it."

Kelly delivered over fifty swats while Dan kicked, squirmed, and 
pleaded. She frequently admonished him to keep still while 
dispassionately giving swat after swat with amazing strength. His bare 
bottom was thoroughly reddened when Kelly finished and told him to get 
up.

Kelly, while seated, then removed her panties and spread her legs. 
"Dan, I want you to thank me for the enemas and the spanking by 
pleasuring me with your mouth."

Dan's eyes zeroed in on Kelly's smooth, firm thighs and her blonde 
pussy. He did not need to be told what to do next. He knelt between 
Kelly's legs and gingerly approached her blonde mat with his mouth. He 
detected arousal, which soon made him forget about his paddled bottom. 
As he licked and kissed Kelly's beautiful pussy, he developed a strong 
erection. Kelly moaned softly, and after several minutes of Dan's 
work, shuddered.

"That wasn't bad, Dan," she complimented. "Now I want you to get over 
the ottoman and present your ass. I'm going to give you a good fucking 
with my strap-on."

His arousal ensured compliance with Kelly's directives. Kelly stepped 
into the harness and tightened it around her hips. The other women 
gathered around her to watch. She put on a disposable glove and 
generously lubricated Dan's nether portal. Then she sloppily smeared 
lubricant on her probe and knelt between Dan's legs.

"Stick out your bottom, Dan, like you're asking for it."

He felt arousal and humiliation at the same time as he complied with 
Kelly's instruction and arched his back.

"There. I want you to stay like that while I use you."

Kelly's firm and slender fingers grasped Dan's hips. She pried his 
nether cheeks apart with her thumbs and placed the tip of her probe 
against his portal. "Don't tighten up or it'll hurt. I'm going to 
enter you now."

She pushed the probe inward about two inches and stopped. Dan moaned. 
Then she pumped short strokes until the probe was all the way in. Dan 
admitted to himself that the way Kelly used the probe felt good -- at 
least so far, especially when it stimulated his prostate. Kelly began 
to pump harder and faster, and admonished him to stay relaxed back 
there.

Dan's groans and exclamations aroused the women. They heard a constant 
litany of moans and panting sounds. Throughout Kelly's fucking, Dan 
felt frequent pulses of pre-cum seep through his member from the 
relentless stimulation of his prostate. Kelly's exuberance frequently 
resulted in a spirited outcry from Dan when she thrust inward 
especially hard. After a thorough fucking, Kelly pulled out.

She reached around and felt Dan's member.  "Uh-oh," she said, "You've 
been seeping. Look at all this pre-cum!" She showed the others a mass 
of clear sticky fluid.

"I think Doris should warm his bottom and then see if he still leaks 
after she uses the strap-on," Stasia said with an aroused quaver in 
her voice.

Doris smiled and hiked her dress up to her waist and seated herself. 
Her olive skin and pigeon-toed pose were in contrast to her 
no-nonsense words and tone.

"Dan - bring me the hairbrush and get over here right now!" She 
pointed to her bare thighs. As if in a trance,he obeyed. He sighed 
softly when he felt Doris' smooth skin against his midsection.

The strength of her swats surprised him. He kicked, twisted, and 
begged throughout his spirited paddling. The others frequently giggled 
at his wild reaction.

"Wow, that was good!" Stasia exclaimed when Doris stopped.

Doris had Dan get off her lap, and removed her panties. She thrust her 
hips forward and spread her legs. "I like Kelly's idea of you thanking 
your mistress for spanking you. Get busy now."

Dan noticed that Doris' dark-haired pussy was moist with arousal. He 
reverently licked and kissed. The moans he heard showed that Doris was 
more than a little aroused. All the stimulating scenes that she 
watched, combined with her anticipation of administering a vigorous 
strap-on fucking, brought her to orgasm quickly.

"Now," she said with a contented sigh, "get in position for the 
strap-on!"

She removed her pullover dress and, keeping her sneakers on, stepped 
into the harness and donned a disposable glove. She told him to spread 
his knees, knelt behind him and amply lubricated her probe and his 
entrance.

If the firmness with which Doris grasped Dan's hips was an indication 
of what was about to happen, he knew he was in for a strenuous ride.

Doris quickly entered him, and in a matter of a few seconds, plunged 
her probe all the way in.

"UhhhhhAAAAAAAAAAAH!" Dan exclaimed.

She withdrew almost completely, and repeated the slow full thrusts a 
few times, to the accompaniment of Dan's loud vocal reaction.

"Oh, yes!" she purred, and pumped faster.

"OHH! OOOH! AAAH! UHHHH!" Dan exclaimed. His outcries only increased 
the stimulation that Doris felt, and spurred her on to pump harder. As 
her firm experienced hands held him in place, she thrust her hips 
forward with each pump, making hard contact with Dan. He begged her to 
stop, to go slower, to be more gentle, but she kept on while her 
friends watched as if in a trance.

She threw her head back, closed her eyes, and climaxed as she 
continued to pump. Her loud and unabashed moans filled the room. When 
her orgasm subsided she stopped pumping, withdrew completely, and gave 
Dan a couple of affectionate slaps on his bottom.

The women all voiced their approval of Doris' technique. Stasia told 
Dan to get up and face them. She fingered his cock and collected more 
pre-cum that had seeped due to Doris' pounding with the strap-on 
probe.

"More leakage, I see," she teased. "I'll take care of that later."

She told Dan to lie face down on the ottoman, with his legs spread 
wide. While he remained in that humiliating position, the ladies had 
coffee and chatted. One by one they left.

Dan had remained in position over the ottoman, since he knew better 
than to get up before his girlfriend permitted.

Without saying a word, Stasia put on a disposable glove and teased 
Dan's prostate. She alternated moments of heavy prodding with very 
light in-and-out slithering. Dan became erect in spite of knowing that 
he was in for more physical discipline. Also, he knew that after the 
discipline, Stasia would show her tender and seductive side. He 
frequently had to earn his way into her pussy, and the more severe the 
discipline, the greater his pleasurable rewards would be. And he 
earned it by accepting discipline and humiliation.

"Stay there with your legs spread," she directed. "I'm going to give 
you a strapping."

After the multiple hairbrush paddlings and strap-on sessions he 
endured that day, he did not look forward to more from Stasia. His 
erection subsided in the few moments that he waited.

She returned with a doubled-up leather belt. She made sure that he saw 
it as she snapped it taut several times with an aroused smile. Then 
she took her position. Dan gritted his teeth and clenched his fists in 
preparation.

Stasia, her feet apart and knees close together, kept her eyes focused 
on Dan's nether cheeks as she forcefully wielded the strap. With each 
swipe, she bent her knees slightly and performed a tennis player's 
follow-through. With each swipe, Dan shouted and struggled to stay in 
position.

Throughout the extended strapping, Stasia commented that she liked to 
see Dan's ass cheeks jiggle when she strapped him; she encouraged him 
to stay in position and keep his legs spread. And, she strapped long 
and hard.

She put the belt on the floor and ran her hands over Dan's well 
spanked nether cheeks.

"Nice and hot," she commented. Then she lightly fingered his testicles 
until he became erect. She kept on with the teasing until he squirmed. 
When his breathing told her that he was intensely aroused, she was 
ready for him.

She led him to her bed, and removed her clothes. She reclined on the 
bed, spread her legs, and smiled. It was her seductive smile that 
always assured her of an intense sexual experience.

Dan took in the view, then focused on Stasia's dark-haired pussy. It 
was moist and steamy. He got on the bed between her smooth legs and 
kissed her delectable womanhood. The scent of her arousal spurred him 
on. He hungrily and passionately licked and kissed her tasty pussy. 
She stirred, and as he continued she rocked her hips. Just before she 
would have climaxed, he pulled away. Stasia moaned.

He knelt between her legs, and she bent her knees.  The wanting showed 
in her excited eyes. Dan plunged his throbbing erection inside her, 
all the way in, and pulled out completely. He loved to do that 
repeatedly and watch his cock get messy with her cream. It also drove 
her wild. When his arousal intensified further, he pumped several 
times before pulling out. Stasia's moans became open-mouthed 
exclamations. Finally he got down on top of her. He pumped slowly and 
continuously. When Stasia surrendered to her own orgasm, Dan could no 
longer hold back, and he profusely spurted inside her. She moved under 
him as he pumped and thrashed about.

Stasia knew that one ejaculation, no matter how intense, was not 
sufficient to keep Dan's submission to her ravenous appetite for 
administering discipline and humiliation. She also loved the feel of 
his cock thrusting wildly inside her after getting him to an aroused 
state. Accordingly, she always made sure that he was completely spent 
before the weekend came to a close. She acknowledged to herself that 
the session that day was especially intense. The repeated spankings, 
pussy-licking of her friends, the retention enemas, the humiliation -- 
the very thought of the day's events made her tingle inside.

They got dressed and went out for a liesurely meal, during which she 
aroused him (and herself) by keeping him focused on the day's scene. 
She asked a barrage of questions - "What did Kelly's pussy taste like? 
What kind of scent did you get from Doris' pussy? You'd like to taste 
Veronica, wouldn't you? What about the way Kelly and Doris fucked you? 
Could you feel them staring at your ass when you were face down on the 
ottoman with your briefs pulled down? What about afterward with your 
legs spread? I'm going to use Veronica's spanking technique. Next week 
I'm going to fuck you silly with a strap-on. What do you think a 
fucking from Veronica would feel like? How did it feel to get enemas 
from Kelly? What would an enema from Doris be like? And Veronica?"

Stasia never ran out of ideas to spice up her bedroom sessions. Some 
of the food at dinner gave her some ideas. She had always wanted to do 
some messy things with food and sex, and decided that she'd try some 
of those ideas when they got home.

Dan noticed his girlfriend's excited eyes, and knew she had plans for 
later.  They got back to her house and she told him to get undressed 
and wait for her in the bedroom.

She took all her clothes off in the kitchen and brought a tray with 
jelly, a stick of butter, and a container of sour cream into the 
bedroom. She placed a dropcloth on her bed and got on top of it. Then 
she grasped the stick of butter and sexily rubbed it all over her legs 
and thighs while Dan watched. When she had applied a slippery coating 
of butter to her legs, she scooped sour cream in her hand and sloppily 
applied it to her pussy. Then she spooned some jelly on her breasts.

Her excited eyes communicated what was to happen next. Dan, his 
tiredness having vanished from the erotic scene before him, lay on top 
of Stasia. She arched her back as he licked the jelly from her 
breasts. Her butter-smoothed legs felt heavenly to him.  He got 
between her thighs and brusquely entered her cream-slopped pussy. The 
sensual effects of the day's events came to the fore, and he quickly 
and thoroughly ejaculated the day's tension into the welcoming pussy 
of his lover.

-----
This story is copyright 2005, 2006 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com).  All 
rights reserved.  No reposting without permission.  Please see my 
other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
