Roberta Vasquez had already worked her way up to security officer in LA when she was discovered and selected to become the November 1984 Playmate of the Month. One year later her world collapsed when her boyfriend and high school sweetheart left her for a blonde Swedish Playmate. Roberta was brokenhearted. She absolutely had no idea why her friend chose for some blonde bombshell. She always had accommodated him sexually. Only anal sex she avoided. Raised as a Spanish-American, that kind of sex she considered queer. Fortunately in this difficult period of her life Roberta received strong support from another blonde Playmate, Kimberly Conrad. It was Kimberley who suggested making an erotic clip and entering the Great Playmate Pornstar Hunt. She also recommended a candidate for the male lead to assist Roberta in realizing the clip.
Roberta shivered when she met Mike. He was quite a muscular hunk. Unlike other men she met for a date, he openly let his eyes move over body, making stops at her breasts, her legs and her legs, ending at her crotch. Roberta suddenly had second thoughts about making an erotic video with him. On the other hand, now she had the chance to show she was not sexually inferior to some dumb blonde.
"Which scenario did you chose? The swimming pool or the bedroom?"
Mike's question startled her. Actually Roberta hadn't studied the scenarios at all.
"The bedroom, she replied firmly."
She preceded him to the bedroom upstairs, feeling his eyes burn at her bottom...
Roberta laid spread out on the bed, her head hanging over backwards. As in her pictorial, golden yellow lingerie was loosely draped around her middle and over her breasts. The cameras were focused on her lips... moist... half opened... Mike knelt in front of her dangling face and bent over. Roberta saw his mouth approaching. She closed her eyes when his lips touched hers. He placed a finger on her lips, slightly entering the wetness of her mouth, circling around her tongue. He waited patiently till she turned her face to him. Then he kissed her somewhat longer, and for the first time she could taste his mouth...
 _He is seducing me..._
Roberta didn't expect this and gasped in surprise. He let her wait for his next move. It was worth waiting for. It was their first real kiss, the first time their lips made full contact. The next kiss was even better as Roberta allowed him to slip in his tongue. His kisses started her fluids flowing. She felt his fingers removing her lingerie. The tissue was softly caressing her nipples when he unfolded her breasts. Mike held his breath. He had looked at her pictorial earlier but the reality was nothing less than spectacular. Her breasts were two perfect mountains of flesh, crowned by lovely pink nipples and large dark areolas.
 _He will stroke my breasts_.
Roberta knew the routine of a Playmate video clip but she was in for a big surprise
Instead, Mike just let his pants drop. Roberta looked up and saw he clearly appreciated her beauty. His erection was standing like a great flagpole proudly pointing straight ahead. The throbbing column of flesh was thicker than anything she ever had seen before. The purple crown dangled straight above her ... Mike took his fleshy mast in his hand and took aim at tempting lips. Without having red the scenario, Roberta had a pretty picture of the action to come...
Roberta could still turn away her face and leave the set indignantly. Instead Mike saw her lips yield to his touch. Turned on, he let his swollen prick sink into her inviting, wet mouth... Her mouth was delightful and her cheeks hungrily welcomed his invading cock. Lying backward helplessly, Roberta allowed his fat shaft to move further and further into her throat... She put both hands back over her head on the carpet in fear of slipping further down. Gasping Mike looked down at the red circle of her sucking lips moving over his member... Gratefully Mike started to fuck her mouth. Now and then Mike gave her some time to catch her breath.
"You are big," the Playmate gasped.
Roberta didn't know it yet but Mike had big plans for her and his big cock. He let her kneel down with her arms over the bed to show her behind. Roberta was an experienced model and knew exactly what to do. Playfully she wiggled her bottom to the camera. Soon, however, she started to suspect more would be expected from her than showing her crack for some cute pictures. Her concern increased when Mike sided over her. She felt his throbbing member rubbing over her crack. Slimy pre-cum trickled into the hollow of her anus. It was only then Roberta was certain what was laid out for her. His hot flesh glided caressingly over her tingling sphincter. Roberta shivered and sobbed. She always had refused any anal penetration... but now...
"Ooooooh... I have never done that before..."
Her desperation resounded in her voice. Mike couldn't believe his ears. This Playmate was grossly neglected indeed... He considered it an honor to take her brown cherry and capture this historical event for posterity He kissed her in her neck, whispering sweet promises of hot pleasure in her ears. Cheerfully he kept rubbing his prick in her dark crack. Eagerly he groped for her breasts to check if she felt hungry for something exciting action too.
Roberta Vasquez, the Playmate who always proudly had defended the values of Hispanics, realized she was about to be fucked in the ass for the very first time. If she truly wanted to escape at that moment, she might have had a chance. Instead, she felt herself melting down. His whispered promises of ecstasy were too sweet... his fingers playing with her swollen nipples too sophisticated... his shaft rubbing against her crack too hot...
Mike aimed his penis at the virginal anus between those impressive bronze buttocks... In exciting close-up the screen showed how his mushroom-shaped helmet slowly disappeared behind the puckered anus... Roberta increased the intensity of the scene with her low, moaning and groaning. Her rear was rotating desperately... The contractions of her sphincter only increased his pleasure. Mike had about an inch of his flesh inside. He considered diving in her hot furnace in one long stroke. Instead he decided to have some consideration with the howling Playmate.
"Would you like to suck my cock some more before I go deeper...?" he whispered.
Only thinking of putting his glans from her squeezing anus directly in her wet mouth let his engorged mushroom swell even more. Roberta didn't know what to think of it. She wished she had studied the books on anal sex some more! She felt so inexperienced. _Was this just regular foreplay...?_ Before she could react, Mike already retracted from her ass.
In trance Roberta rose up to him. His cock stood straight up like a proud obelisk. The purple end looked like a ripe plum... When Mike brought it before her lips, she instinctively opened her mouth... When he entered her mouth he was certain this would look magnificent on the screen... Her lips lovingly took care of his him and felt like soft, sucking cushions...He couldn't believe his luck. What a hot piece of ass! He took her hands to kiss the palms. Mike was a true professional. With her hands up, the cameras had an unobstructed view of the main event. At the same time he tingled her senses and, most important, his rock hard cock could proceed further into her mouth... He gained inches and inches... Roberta certainly was an expert in no- hands deep-throat. Mike promised himself that he would let her show her deep- throat technique again; but only after he had deep-fucked her ass...
Mike pulled her to the edge of the bed. He spread her long legs and her feet went up in the air. Again he pushed his fat cock against her nervously contracting anus... His penetration would be deeper this time. Soon more than half of his dick was inside and Roberta gave up all resistance. In fact she was shamelessly aroused now. Her ass still felt uncomfortable, but the burning sensation excited her too. Mike infallibly picked up the change and directly exploited it. He brought her legs far over her head and let her hold on to her own ankles. Her breasts were shaking, inviting him to have his pleasure. He badly needed his free hand to pay his tribute to those miracles of Mother Nature. When Mike was finished molding and kissing her bouncing breasts, the magnificent mountains felt firmer and her nipples harder. Of course, during his manipulations he never forgot to stir his stick in her hot cauldron. When Mike eventually freed his cock from the smoldering grip of her ass, Roberta knew what to expect.
 _This is nasty..._ she thought when he scrambled on the bed with his joystick ready to go.
Yet the panting Playmate held on to her ankles like a good girl. He knelt above her. Between the V of her widespread legs the screen showed how his joystick, just moving around in her ass, started moving the same way in her mouth. Mike held her wrists over her head but it was not necessary at all. The lusty Playmate was perfectly willing to pamper his glistening pole with her sucking mouth, without any help of her hands. Of course he also gave her all opportunity to show off her perfect deep-throat technique. Eventually she had to gasp for air.
"Again..."
Mike knew exactly what she meant and if he was still in doubt, Roberta made it abundantly obvious by slipping from the bed and crawling over the thick carpet with her moving ass cheeks high. Her brown orifice exposing and her wiggling hips sent out a shameless invitation. It was an invitation, impossible to refuse. With his wide legs around her Mike positioned himself over her wobbling behind. He let his cock slide over the edge of her gaping opening as a subtle caress. Roberta rattled in heat.
"Fuck me... fuck me in my ass..."
Mike rewarded her hoarse pleas with a slow powerful thrust of his impressive penis. His flesh tool entered her dark crater in all its glorious length. Roberta shouted loud when she felt how his penetration stretched her anus more and more. The contractions of her sphincter were not of this earth. It felt as if a tight glove of smoldering lava was slipped over the whole length of his cock. He kept her hips in an iron grip to keep himself in the saddle so he didn't have to miss one second of this burning pleasure
Roberta sobbed and wept for mercy but her upper legs on the carpet were fully absorbing the forceful and merciless thrusts into her dark pit, the center of the fuming friction of their mating. Suddenly, unannounced, she experienced a smoldering delight she never felt before. It was like a fire, just ignited, smoldering, hesitating... The flames were licking and flickering higher and higher. A burning sensation, starting from her shit hole... spreading through her skin... Roberta felt her clit burning, followed by her nipples, armpits and other erogenous zones she never realized having them before.
Again Mike infallibly picked up the change from the way her hips were moving and her anal channel was squeezing. What a wonderful piece of ass! Mike grabbed her breasts dangling free under the rhythm of their coupling. Farther down he found her swollen clit, stroking it with delicate strokes. She was so easy to excite, a wonderful toy in heat... It was unbelievable. This Playmate was a natural... she was made for anal sex... now, she was soft as butter... the perfect time to cash in on the promise he made to himself...
"I am going to take my cock from your ass... You know what to do, do you...?"
"It is so nasty..."
Mike felt her shiver. He lifted his hand, a signal to concentrate the cameras on the area between his legs where the next spectacle would take place. Roberta sobbed in disappointment when she felt his cock pulling out from her ass.
"Stay low..."
Roberta turned and crawled low on the carpet to reach the magical match that had ignited her fire. Her whole body glowed in delight. When she reached his wide spread legs she pushed herself up. Viewed from between his legs, first her gorgeous breasts came in sight as two rising moons. Then all attention went to her mouth, till her splendid lips were filling the whole screen. The purple helmet of the cock presented itself at the entrance, fresh from the dark depths of her secret passageway... Then her wet lips yielded... allowing entrance... starting to suck... He fed his hotdog with mustard to her hungry mouth... With her hands on the carpet, nothing could obstruct the magic of this lewd spectacle. Mike didn't have any pity with the kneeling Playmate. He knew Roberta could take it. And indeed she took it like a champ. Her throat clamped around his member as a true sucking machine
Mike let her do ass-to-mouth again. The second time was all fun and games. When he fucked her ass, his balls were happy dancing against her thighs. Her whole body was one erogenous zone. He granted Roberta two small orgasms that made her only hungry for more. Her orgasms made their ass-fuck loud and wet. Her ass-juice, drooling from her shit hole made for nice, obscene close-ups. When he left her with an empty, gaping hole again, she crawled to his cock as a thirsty traveler in the desert crawling to a fountain. For Roberta the fountain was his member, plenty covered with ass-juice. Any consciousness of nastiness was gone. Only the hunger for his cock remained. Roberta sucked his member like a vacuum cleaner.
 _He is playing with me_ she thought, shivering with delight.
Mike was enjoying himself too. For an anal virgin Roberta was every man's fantasy: a spectacular body, a tight ass and a willingness to perform ass-to- mouth with a deep throat technique to match. She was a serious candidate to win the Great Playmate Pornstar Hunt He should definitely let her perform some more nasty stuff. Her shit hole looked anything but virginal now: a gaping hole with the edge, all red and swollen: challenging him to devise some more obscene games. Mike reached out a finger to the mysterious dark hole to feel for the pink folds of her rectum inside, followed by another one... Roberta uttered raw guttural sounds when his fingers started rotating in her anal cavity. He let her have her pleasure. She turned her face around to look Mike in the eye. He presented his wet fingers to her lips offering the lascivious Latin Lady a taste of her own ass. Instantly she started sucking and soon both fingers disappeared in her mouth...
As a reward Mike didn't let her wait any longer and just penetrated her ass again. Of course he let her perform ass-to-mouth a third time if only something might have gone wrong during her two earlier performances. He made sure he screwed her deeper then ever. He let her rotate her hips round his fleshy axis to obtain some real rich ass juice around his cock. When he pulled out the proud result was a cock, engulfed in abundant brown striped slime. Roberta outdid herself, taking in the greasy pole with open, curly lips, closing them for a long and tender suck, interspaced by marvelous deep- throats.
Roberta did such a beautiful job Mike decided to let her do A2M it again, just for his own pleasure. Only thinking about the delight this would bring him, made his erection swell some more. He drilled deeper and deeper, reaching new depths, excavating unknown pleasures. His drill was so thick he clearly could feel the sides of her anal canal over the total length, bathing his cock in ass juice. When he pulled out, for some tender loving care, his cock must have looked very special but Mike just lied down on the carpet with his eyes closed.
"Lick it clean..."
He was sure his stick scooped quite some ass juice but this time he didn't need to care of camera positions or lighting.
" Start at the base..."
He knew the viscous slime would tickle down along his shaft to the root. It was always an exciting sight to see a Playmate made her way from the base to the top. It felt very nice too... He felt her warm breath over his balls and then her soft lips at the root of his trunk. The wet sounds of her lips were very stimulating. He moaned approvingly when she nibbled and licked upwards. Her lips were wonderfully soft. Roberta applied special tender loving care to the ridge, licking all the way around and finally taking the whole helmet in her mouth. He pushed her head down until her lips touched base and his hairs were tickling her nose. He let her gasp for air, put his hands in her neck and pushed her down again... all the way... His thoughts went racing around in his head.
 _What a fucking mouth..._
 _Do it again babe..._
 _Yes, lick my balls..._
 _Now suck my cock... take it all the way in... give me your throat..._
 _Do you like my balls better...? Then lick me..._
 _Rub your face against my balls... you like that, do you... you can smell my sweat... suck up the sweat from my hairy nuts..._
 _Go lower, babe... don't be shy... Lick my ass... yes... lick my fucking ass..._
 _I am pushing your face against my ass... fffuck... I am wiping my ass off against your face... your beautiful face..._
 _Lick my ass... taste it... You like your own ass better...?_
 _OK, sit on it... sit on my cock, babe..._
 _I will support you... Let your ass dance on my cock... move that fucking ass..._
 _Oops, I let you slip... did it hurt... went it in too deep...?_
 _OK, just suck it clean... does your ass taste better...?_
 _Now go deep... bury your nose in my hair... deeper... deeper... fuck, fuck, FUCK...!!_
 _OK, have some air, get your ass moving ..._
 _Ooops_ , I did it again... I slipped...did my cock really deep up your ass...?
 _Roberta was crawling over the floor, just speared by his mighty weapon. She was squealing and wheezing. With watery eyes she looked at his rod, all covered with grease requiring attention again..._
 _"Do you like to deep-throat me again... taste your own ass...?"_
 _Roberta moaned, mumbling unintelligible words._
 _"What? You are asking how often you sucked my cock right from your ass already...?"_
 _"I dunnow...! I am not counting... What do you think I am... some pervert...? Don't crawl away, babe... I will get up and do all the work..._
 _Standing behind her he fed the end to her hungry hole_
 _"Is that better, babe...? I'm only sliding the end in... and out... and in... Do you like that...?_
 _"Don't start shouting... I can hear ye... You want the whole thing!?"_
Mike gave in... fucking her ass deeper and deeper, faster and faster, racing to the final countdown. He grabbed her chestnut hair and yanked her head backwards. Her torso with the beautiful boobs jutted out like a magnificent figurehead. He was riding her like a stallion now.  
\- Yesssss, yesssss
Mike came like a volcano. He emptied his balls and let his hot seed fill her rectum in convulsive, gut-wrenching waves. Roberta started her big Orgasm when the first hot spray hit the walls of her insides. Her rear cavorted, threatening him to throw him out of the saddle. With both hands Mike pinned the squirming Playmate flat to the carpet. Her breasts flattened by his weight. With her body pinned down, Roberta helplessly banged her fists on the carpet her calves aimlessly flapping in the air. Mike kept pumping his seed between her bronzed, beautiful orbs. His hot seed overflowed from the cesspit in her creasy crack.
Panting heavily Mike rolled over. Roberta was just sobbing and moaning in post coital bless. Her whole body was soaking wet. Her thighs were still wide open. His cum was slowly dripping down in the dark canyon of her crack. With his cock Mike started scooping back his slimy ooze back into her chute. Deliberately his cock passed her sensitive anus again and again, extending her orgasms with post-coital jolts

About thirty minutes later they met the producer
"You were excellent..." he said to Roberta. "You will surely be in the top 15."
"Did you like the final episode...?"
"You should have sucked him clean... The second time he could come in your mouth and you could swallow his cum..."
He paused to let this information sink in.
"You would have reached the top 5..."
"What...!?"
Upset Roberta turned to Mike.
"Why didn't you let me do that...?" she asked indignantly.
"Let's redo the final scene...!"
"But..."
Roberta was already walking to the bedroom.
"Mike, we need new make-up... Are you coming...?"
Those Playmates became more demanding every time, Mike thought. He filled her ass just half an hour ago. Now she expected him to cum twice within a period of fifteen minutes. He looked at her swaying bottom. Some creamy cum still drooled out of her ass. He sighed and started following her. He had a tough and demanding job.
But hey... somebody had to do it...