
  To more fully enjoy this story in living, breathing HTML,
  please visit our website at:
 
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian

  Now offering over 140,000 words of pure prurience!

  --------------------------------------------------------


 

                               Sangrelysia

                          by Vivian Darkbloom

Butterflies

   We honored the sacred traditional rite of staring at the ceiling,
   which in this case was a translucent quartz-crystal skylight. It
   filled the room with a peaceful glow, and granted us the
   opportunity to glance around at the neatly organized clutter and
   partially-tamed disarray collected by generations of eccentric
   cognoscenti.

   On the wall behind the collection of telescopes were pinned
   several different maps of the stars and charts adorned with
   astrological glyphs, the seven elements, and other magical
   symbols, accompanied by notes in ancient Sangrelysian. Because
   many of the more useful texts regarding magical practice had been
   penned in that language, it was customary for a wizard to learn
   it.

   As the warmth of satisfaction gradually diminished, Sylvia's
   former cranky mood began to return. Though silent, her fidgeting
   and tossing about told of her discontent.

   "What's so great about this cramped old cave, anyway. Can't we
   open a window or something?"

   "A window," I chuckled, taking the resolve to sit up and walk
   over to a battered old wood console from which emerged a series
   of tarnished brass-knobbed-levers. I slid one of them to a
   different position, and the ceiling disappeared altogether for a
   360DEG panoramic view around the horizon, 180DEG across the sky
   overhead. "One-way, nobody can see in," I said.

   Sylvia took in a quick breath, but quickly recovered. "What if a
   bird comes by and craps on it?" she asked.

   I laughed again. "Not sure. It wouldn't hit you, though. The
   lever only adjusts invisibility, not solidity. We can have it
   open in a rainstorm and we'll still be dry. Like being outdoors,
   but protected from the elements. And bugs."

   There was a breeze of fresh air. Up in the air nearby above us, a
   patch of cloudiness shielded us from direct sunlight. The magical
   cloud would shift throughout the day to keep the room perfectly
   lit.

   We were surrounded by orchards and meadows, and there was a lake,
   perfect for swimming or sailing on, down a short path from the
   cave. In the distance were mountains, and nearer by were the
   rolling hills.

   "Rolling" wasn't literally the way they moved, more like bobbing
   slowly up and down like rounded hemispherical islands floating
   dreamily in some sort of viscous fluid. The hills were covered
   with dark green grass and trees.

   "Those hills, are they moving?" she asked, pointing.

   "You could say that, though the technical explanation is somewhat
   more complex. See, this has been the training grounds for
   generations of wizards, and all that spell-casting and magical
   activity has loosened the grip of reality."

   "Oh."

   "Over there is where we practice folding space, like I was doing
   yesterday. I'll take you over there and I can teach you."

   "So what am I going to wear?" Sylvia complained. "All my clothes
   were in the carriage. Or back home."

   We were, after all, both naked.

   "Open the closet," I said. "See if there might be something in
   there."

   With a dejected slump, she trudged over to the wardrobe, and
   yanked the door open.

   It was divided into two -- the first I had seen the wardrobe here
   accomplish that. (did this mean we were married?) On one side
   were dresses, skirts, pants, and every sort of foot apparel
   imaginable, all in her size.

   For a moment the dark cumulus hanging over her mood lifted, as
   she dove in with words like "Wow!" and "Awesome!" and "Cool," and
   there was a momentary blizzard of fabric in the royal crimson,
   violet, and green, as she tried on the various articles.

   Few things bring happiness and satisfaction to the heart more
   completely than witnessing the delight of a young girl.

   Meanwhile, I donned one of the lighter robes, more suited for
   this tropical climate.

   While I sat enjoying the view, she came to me with various
   outfits, grinning for my approval, which I gladly conveyed.
   Eventually, she arrived at one eminently suited for running and
   playing in, pants and a shirt with a little dress for frills, and
   stood before me, showing it off.

   "When they're dirty, just toss them on the floor of the closet,
   and when you open it again they'll be hanging up, clean. Or you
   can use the hamper if you like," I said. "Isn't that a better
   kind of wardrobe than one having a preachy old lion in it?"

   She sucked on her index finger while leaning on my chair.

   "You miss everyone from back home?"

   She nodded sadly.

   "Hungry?" I asked.

   She nodded again.

   For breakfast we went downstairs, and with the touch of a wand,
   the kitchen stove provided waffles.

   "Those are like the ones they make in that non-magical city of
   Belgica I think it's called, wherever that is," I helpfully
   explained.

   "Belgian waffles. From Belgium," she corrected.

   "How do you remember stuff like that?" I asked.

   "Weren't you going to make up some memory potion to help you
   remember things?"

   "Well, I was, but I, uh. . ."

   ". . .Forgot?"

   "Well, yes."

   She executed a flawless eyeroll.

   The waffles were topped with syrup harvested from the local
   treacle-trees, perfectly sweet and flavorful, and white foamy
   whipped cream that came from pods growing on short bushes with
   grey leaves. It was like whipped cream, only with the botanical
   freshness of a spring garden, without the sour aftertaste of the
   stuff that comes from cows.

   And fruit salad of strawberries, melons, apples, and a variety of
   others.

   Shortly, I was sipping coffee, while she gave up the struggle to
   finish what was on her plate.

   "So let's go back upstairs," I said. "I've got an idea of
   something to help with your mood."

   "'K."

   As she sat with me overlooking the panoramic view, I found a
   cubby with a sheaf of blank paper, in different colors of
   stationery.

   "What's that for?"

   "Messages. Write one for each of the people you'd like to
   contact."

   "'K." She set out with determination, filling the leaves with
   hearts and flowers and words of yearning and well-wishing.

   "Write only on one side," I said. "Then they can turn write on
   the other, and it will come back when they are done. It will
   split in two, so they can keep the message you sent."

   I wrote to Roderick, asking about the raid, and other political
   news from the castle. And I wrote to Gwendolyn, telling her the
   story of what happened.

   "How do we send them?" she asked, when we were done writing.

   "First, fold them exactly like this." The series of creases
   yielded an origami shape with two symmetrical wings.

   I helped her fold the ones she had written, for Shanon, Meredith,
   Lindsay and Stacey. Then I pulled a sturdy little wand from
   collection in the wand-holder sitting on the desk, and held it
   over one of my folded insects.

   "Now you say this verse, and keep the person's image clearly in
   your mind. At the end, you say the person's name:

   Mela thiann uz laue sith O uerech Imcla
   Lo/th er a d`in.

   Schea sia uth senn myria nasco dia l`aloth seya
   Ko/kh re oe ts`in.

   O ith a hoitha serva maeneth

   Fly to Roderick!" and I tapped the folded shape lightly with the
   wand.

   With a burst of tiny magical glittering stardust, it turned into
   a gorgeous butterfly, and flitted off into the wind.

   "Here, now you try it."

   "Um, could you write down the words? I didn't quite get all of
   them."

   "Of course," I laughed. "Sorry!"

   I held the wand in her hand and helped her recite the spell, and
   one by one her tiny messages came to life and fluttered and
   scattered, each one winking at us, growing smaller and smaller
   until it diminished completely in the distance.

   By the end, she was doing it all by herself.

   Once they were all gone, and had vanished into the remote
   solitude of their journeys, she wondered aloud, "So somebody who
   just saw them flutter by would think they were butterflies."

   I smiled. "And whenever you see a butterfly, it could be a
   missive of longing for an absent lover."

                                                          Chapter 17

  _______________________________________________________


  For more stories, please visit our site:
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian



  
