Title: Class Of 2006 Rulez!
Author: bobwhite
Summary: Tim gives his fellow classmates a gift to remember.
Keywords: MC MF FF MA MD

Class of 2006 Rulez!
by bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

*I really need to get a man*.  That thought kept running through my
mind.  Every morning for most of this whole school year--my first, by
the way--I would wake up so horny that I had to get off before going
to work.  I could barely get out of bed before I just *had* to answer
my body's demands.  Hell, I'd bought enough sex toys over the past
six months to fill two drawers in my night stand, and they all got
used regularly.  I didn't even make it out of the house some
weekends, unless I had some shopping to do, or friends or family to
visit.  Not that there was much to do in the small town--the biggest
building was the little high school that didn't even have 500
students total.

But still, there had to be more to my sex life than just constant
masturbation, didn't there?

Eyes closed, on my knees, and my shoulder hard to the bed, I slid
the fat, black rubber dildo deep into my scorching wetness.  It's the
big one, with the realistic head, veins, and even balls at the very
end.  It doesn't vibrate, I don't need a nine-inch dong in my pussy
to vibrate to get me off.  The slender, well-lubed, six-inch vibe I'm
using in my asshole provides all the vibes I need, and then some.

*I really, really need a man... one who isn't intimidated by all
of... ungh...! one who isn't intimidated by all these toys....*
After an orgasm like that, an early morning strong one (I usually
needed about ten of those to be worth anything in front of the
history class I taught), I usually turn my thoughts to finding a guy
who would love sharing me with my toys.  Just thinking about having
one of my toys replaced with a living, throbbing, 100% natural,
U.S.D.A. Grade A slab of manbeef gets me ready for another go.

*The butt plug?  The *vibrating* butt plug?  Yeah... get some
lube... rub around the opening a bit... press gently... work it in,
c'mon, Jess, it's the medium one... almost there... almost...
oooooooooh, yeah, it's in... turn it on, set it... to throb... ok,
now the vibe with the bunny ears that hit my clit....*

I usually flip over on my back when I use the Blue Bunny Vibe,
especially if I'm wearing a butt plug that won't slip out, like my
Supra Vibro-Plugganator 2000.  Both have speed settings, and the butt
plug has settings that vary the speed automatically for a throbbing
effect.  If I didn't have to hold the vibe just right so it's tickle
my clit while the head rotates inside me, I could just lay on my back
and let the damn things make me cum and cum until the batteries ran
out.

But, I didn't flip over.  I even tried, but I held my position. *I
guess this just feels so damn good that... oooh, oh, UNGH!  Damn,
can't fucking stop now... damn, here comes another... oh....
Mmmmmmmmm, fuck... knees are starting to hurt... shoulder too, when
did my mattress get so damn stiff!*  I tried to turn over again, as
my knees were getting pretty sore.  But the more I tried, the better
my toys felt--it was insane, it's like I was afraid to take them out
because they were just making me cum so fast and so hard.  It was
getting hard to count how many times I'd climaxed, as they were
coming one right after the other... but after one of the louder, more
violent ones, my leg slipped off the edge of my bed.

*No way is my bed this small... dammit, did I work my way over to
the edge somehow?*  I almost always have my eyes closed, as it helps
my imagination (at least, that's what I tell myself--truth is, with
toys like I've got, imagination takes a back seat to getting off).
But I could not understand how my leg just slipped off of my large
bed--and as I thought about it, this mattress was more like wood.
Hard, varnished wood.

I opened my eyes.  I was staring sideways, as my shoulder was pinned
to the... *wood?  This *is* wood!  That door, that's familiar... this
isn't a pillow... this is... my calendar from my desk?  Wait... this
is my desk!  Fuck, what in the... FUCK, UNGH!*

I couldn't keep that last one quiet.  I screamed as I came, and
that's when I heard the applause.  Suddenly able to control my body
(and a more than a little nervous that I couldn't before), I
carefully rolled over to my back and almost fainted.  The desks in my
room were pushed back, and sitting on them were some of the boys...
no, not just some random ones, but the Seniors who were graduating
next week.  They were wearing those stupid "Class of 2006 Rulez!"
shirts.  And, they were giving me a thumbs-up.

Something else was wrong, though... of course, I don't set up chairs
to have an audience while I play with myself in my classroom.  That's
not it.  It was the fact that some of the varsity cheerleaders were
on their knees, naked except for their matching shoes and skirts
(sans panties), in front of the boys.  I was curious as to what was
going on, and tried to ask, but all that came out was, "Mmmf! Uhg
mpff!"  It was then that I realized that my mouth was open and I was
biting into something hard and rubbery... and something was strapped
around my face.

"Good to see you finally opened your eyes... well, that's my fault,
actually," I heard someone say.  It was Tim, from fourth period
American History.  I looked at him, and I can't explain it, but I
just *knew* in the back of my mind that this was his doing.  I tried
to say something, but the more I struggled to speak and yell around
the ball gag in my mouth (I'd bought it last week, just an impulse
buy really--I'd never imagined how I was going to use it).

I tried to say something, but instead of getting any words (muffled
or not) out, I just four times in a row.

"Yeah, as you've guessed, this little party is all me.  I managed to
get the Senior cheerleader's class schedules changed for today, so
they'll be here all day.  *You're* the main event, though.  It's
'Seniors Rule Day,' and as my little gift to the guys in the Class of
2006--all of whom have at least one class with you today, by the way--
I'm giving them a blowjob and a show."

I stared at him, flabbergasted.  I couldn't even try to speak--I
just kept fucking myself with the bunny vibe.

"Of course," he continued, "*I'm *not giving the blowjobs, and this
is the only class you have where there are enough senior boys to
occupy all of the cheerleaders.  Don't worry, though--they won't get
bored.  When they're not servicing the guys, they'll be at your beck
and call."

He reached around my head and took off the ball gag, saying, "OK,
I'll give you about a minute or so to ask me questions.  I'm sure
you've got some."

Before I could think of something to say, I tried to stop fucking
myself with the bunny vibe.  It was instinct, really--how can a
teacher calmly fuck herself in front of her class?  But, as soon as I
would pull the dildo out, I'd thrust it back in.  When I tried to
throw it away from me, I came so hard that I actually squired on my
hand and the vibe, and my scream was loud enough to be heard all the
way down the hall.

"Don't try to stop.  You have plenty of toys here, so you can switch
if you get bored with one.  And when Olivia in fifth period gets
here, be sure to fuck her well.  She's sort-of in the closet, and I
convinced her that fucking the hottest teacher in the school was the
best way to 'come out.'"

"What's... what's happening?  Why are the cheerleaders... why am
I... *ungh!*"  *Damn, another orgasm*.  It was better than the last,
but I wanted this to end.  How was I going to explain this to the
parents?  "Why are we naked, and why are they blowing... *Fuck!
Oooooooooh!*  Tim, why can't I stop cu- cu- cuuuuuming! *Ungh!*"

"'Seniors Rule Day' is all about Seniors, Ms. McKay.  You see, you
were voted the Hottest Teacher, an award that never makes it to the
yearbook but one that I feel is very important.  I mean, sure, we all
had a great time at the After Prom party at the Y'--every senior got
to fuck whoever they wanted at least once.  And, since this is the
last week of school, I figured I'd throw one special party for the
guys in my class."

"But... how are you...."

"Nevermind how.  It doesn't really matter, does it?  Oh, look--
Tiffany has had enough of sucking on Keith's dick.  She's going to
straddle his lap and fuck him.  When he cums, so will she--I set it
up.  And then she can come over here to your desk and try her hand
and using your toys on you.  Don't worry about running out of room--
after this class, the guys in shop are setting up a platform with a
mattress for you."

I looked back to the boys on the chairs.  I didn't want to, I'd
wanted to tell Tim to stop everything, but my head turned anyway.
Tiffany, and now Kendra "Don't Call Me Bambi" Bambini, were
straddling their lovers and hopping up and down, little yelps of
pleasure escaping their painted lips.

They humped the boys like there was no tomorrow, grinding their hips
when they weren't busy bouncing on their stiff cocks.  Whoever Bambi--
er, Kendra was fucking even had a finger in her ass, and from the
sounds she was making, she loved it.  She even kissed him, while Anne
was busy yelling something about "What the fuck is going on!  Why
can't I stop fucking Bobby fucking Gurvin!?"

I tried to ask Tim about that, but I came as soon as I tried to say
the first word of my question.  When I tried again, the same thing
happened, only it was more intense and I screamed.

"Hush hush, now, Ms. McKay.  Bambi is a slut, she has been since I
first fucked her in Freshman year.  Yeah, those were some times.  She
loves sex since then, and finds this all very hot.  But, she's the
only one.  The rest of the girls are just too busy with their mouths
to complain.  But don't worry.  Everybody's had STD tests, and the
girls have been on the pill since they were Freshman.  You can thank
me for that, too."

Kendra was going slow, probably to savor the moment.  But a few
minutes after Julie had hopped up on Ben's lap, he shot his load.  I
know, because Julie went from screaming "What is going on?  Why can't
I stop?  I don't want to do this!", to screaming "Shit!  Fuck!  Yeah,
fuck, god damn I just came so fucking hard... Fuck..."  She continued
to shudder as her climax subsided, and then stood up and came to my
desk.  Tim had taken a seat in the corner of the room.  I was curious
as to why he didn't have a girl with him, but I wasn't going to try
to ask.

When Julie got to my desk, she grabbed the base of my butt plug.  I
lifted my hips so she could wiggle it out, and she said, "Ms. McKay?
What's going on here?  Why are we naked, and why did I just fuck...
wait a second, where's the lube?  Here... there we go.  Hey, why am I
putting lube on this... what is this?  It looks like six rubber balls
glued together, sort-of... oh no, Ms. McKay?  Ms. McKay?  I'm so
sorry... I can't stommpfff  mmm felffff...."

I watched the horror spread over Julie's face when she put the base
of my anal toy (it's like a cross between a dildo and a string of
anal beads... and it's quite good, actually) into her mouth after she
lubed it up.  Again, I flipped over, but this time I dropped my bunny
vibe.  I looked down between my legs.  Tim apparently wanted me on my
hands and knees for this, so I could just barely see Julie grabbing
the special G-spot vibe I'd had since Christmas.  She lubed it up,
which wasn't really necessary considering where it was going.  I was
*soaked*.

It slid in easily, and the shape was perfect--it was buzzing my G-
spot in no time while Julie fucked me with the toy that was sticking
out of her mouth.  After the a few orgasms, my knees slid off the
edge of the desk and I was standing in front of my desk, bent over
and getting fucked by a confused  cheerleader.

I heard Julie say, "Michelle, no!  Don't do that to Ms. McKay, she
doesn't know what she's doing!  Something's wrong here! Jennifer,
what are you... oh, yeah, that feels... gooooooood... no, wait,
Jenny, why are you licking my... p- pussy, oh, stop, stop... feels so
good...."

*At least she's as confused as I am*, I thought.  I turned my head
and saw that the increased speed and force of my anal probing was
thanks to Michelle, who had taken over the ass fucking duties.  Julie
was still working my pussy with that special vibe, and from what she
was saying (now that her mouth wasn't fucking my ass), Jenny was
eating her out.

I tried to stand.  *Enough is enough*, I thought, staring over at
Tim.  I knew he could hear me, I had no doubts about it.  He was
behind this, and there was no way I was taking this from some punk
kid.

"Pound my asshole harder, Chelly-kins!  Fukin' slap my ass till it
turns red.  Julie, grab Mr. Righty over there--it's the 12" long one.
Give it some lube, and fuck me with it.  Now!  Do what your teacher
says!" I yelled.  I was horrified--he made me order the cheerleaders
to fuck me harder!

Julie obeyed, crying.  "Ms. McKay, what's going on?  Why am I
obeying you?  Why can't I get dressed?"

"Because I'm making you do this," I said.  *God damn it, that's not
what's happening!*  "Now, get back there and make me cum!"

I may as well have been tied up, naked, and put on display at the
courthouse on the town square.  I couldn't escape, and any time I
tried to even think of putting an end to this nightmare, I would cum
loudly.  I saw the flash of a camera, and I my whole body flushed in
humiliation.  People were seeing me naked, I was getting fucked by
cheerleaders (and I'm not even a little bi), and begging for them to
do it harder.

And, I knew that the scene would be repeated at least eight times
today.  I felt like running into the supply closet and never coming
out--how could I face these these kids for another whole week, after
this?  Somehow I doubted Tim was going to let anyone let this leak
out to the authorities or even the parents, but it didn't help.  I
had to see these kids every day--and the underclassmen were watching,
too.  They would never forget this.

I wanted to cry, and started to--but then I came harder than I ever
had before, in my life.  Julie withdrew Mr. Righty and Michelle took
the toy she had (I called him Lumpy) out of my ass.  Julie
practically rubbed her face all over my wet pussy, smearing her
makeup with my cum, and smearing the whole mess all over my ass.
Then, she came around the desk and kissed me, rubbing her face all
over mine.

Now, I'm not going to say that I've never sucked my fingers after
getting myself off with them--I do that a lot.  But somehow, this was
even more wrong.

Julie, crying a little, whispered, "I'm so sorry... I can't help it,
I can't stop...."

"It's OK, Julie.  You just fuck me really good, and it'll all be
OK," I told her.

Her face brightened a little.  "You know, when you put it like that,
I kinda agree.  Hmph.  Don't know why I was so sorry... I mean, I'm
covered in your wetness; clearly, you're having a good time... and
Tim said you thought you were at home at first, and that these are
all your toys from your nightstand... damn, you're a filthy little
slut deep down inside, aren't you?" she asked.

The bell rang, and the cheerleaders lined up behind my desk, openly
playing with themselves.  All of them except for Bambi and Julie were
asking each other what was going on, why they were masturbating, and
why they couldn't stop.  The guys who I assumed were from the shop
class came in next, and quickly set up a long, sturdy platform and
topped it with a queen-size mattress.  I climbed on top, and found
that once again, I could speak.

"Tim, please... some of these kids are Freshmen, how can I face them
after this?  What if they tell--"

"Don't worry; they will only be able to discuss this with
themselves.  They can't tell parents, police, other adults--they
can't say a word to anybody who didn't see it.  They can't even show
the pictures to anybody who will recognize you... of course, the pics
could be found, but kids are resourceful when it comes to hiding
things."

"Please, Tim.  End this.  Why are you doing this to me?  And the
cheerleaders...." I was unable to think of anything else to say; the
whole situation was too bizarre.

"The cheerleaders have teased us guys--and, well, Olivia--for the
last four years.  They're just making good on their offers, if you
will.  And by the end of the day, they'll all enjoy this kind of
thing, just like Bambi and Julie.  You'll make sure of that.  They'll
obey your every word, your every command.  Just tell them it'll all
be OK, and for them, it will be."

"But you're making me say things!" I screamed, and then closed my
eyes as a powerful orgasm slammed into me like a tractor-trailer.

"Details, details," Tim said.  "Look, I didn't make you buy all
these toys and fuck yourself silly in front of my dad's video camera
so you could talk back to me when I'm just trying to show my
classmates how darling you look when you... 'play well with yourself
and others.'"  He laughed and added, "Hey, perk up.  After today,
your early morning bouts of frantic masturbation will be replaced
with morning bouts of franticly fucking me!  My mom and dad agreed
that I could move in with you for the summer, before I go off to
college."

Three of the cheerleaders (Michelle, Julie, and Bambi) got up on the
mattress and platform with me as a few guys took seats in front of
the class.  Kimmy, Wanda, and Veronica knelt in front of the guys who
had just sat in the chairs and unzipped their pants.  They had fished
out the semi-erect penises and were stroking them, asking the boys
and each other why they were on their knees, jacking "these losers"
off.  Then, I saw their heads lower, and the protests of all three
girls were cut off at the same time.

I knew what they were doing, so I closed my eyes.  I closed them
tight, and imagined I was in my bedroom with Michelle, Julie, and
Bambi.  "Michelle, honey, ride my face until the end of class," I
said.  I imagined what it'd be like for Julie and Bambi to take turns
licking my pussy and fucking it with the glass dong I paid too much
money for, and before I knew it, they were doing just that.

My summer vacation had started a week early.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2006, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.