Author: mypenname3000
Title: Submissive Incest Mind Control Spreads Chapter One: Daughter Submits to her Mommy
Summary: A daughter comes home to find her mother mind-controlled into a dominatrix. It's time for mommy to take charge!
Keywords: Ff mc inc oral anal toys D/s BDSM exhib public spank

Copyright 2022

Note: Thanks to wrc264 for beta reading this!

Bess Atwater  The Goddess Aquarius

I hummed in delight as I was being led around the grocery store by my leash by my mother. My collar was tight about my neck. I wore my leather boots and corset that left my small breasts bare. Nipple clamps squeezed about my nubs, giving me such naughty pain. A butt plug filled my ass, humming away.

Come along, you little slut, Mommy said. I loved how she controlled me. She was wearing her own corset that held her round breasts. Her brown hair was gathered back in a ponytail. She swayed, her ass plump and naked. Her heels clicked.

No one cared that she was naked. That I was naked. I was a goddess. I radiated out my commands, my thoughts prickling as I affected all the people I passed, imprinting my commands and desires on them. But it wasn't enough.

I was only one person.

Make repeaters, the voice whispered. It was both male and female. Like two people speaking in unison. It was the perfect thing for a naughty goddess like me. 

Grab those oranges, said Mommy. Get ten of them. Good ones.

Yes, Mommy, I moaned, my pussy clenching, so wet that I had to obey them. I couldn't affect my parents any longer. I had made it so they would always dominate me. It was so sexy that they could control a goddess like me.

Just because I was a goddess with the powers to change the world didn't mean I had the right to disobey my parents. It made me so wet to obey them. To be dominated by them. Spanked and bound. They ruled my life.

I went to the oranges and started feeling them, finding the perfect ones. I put them one after the other into the bags. This blonde woman came up beside me. She looked like a mother. I bet she had daughters.

Are you a mother? I asked her, focusing my powers on her. A prickle ran across my thoughts and hers. It didn't take much to get her to answer my question. 

I am, she said, smiling. I have two daughters.

She was perfect to be my first repeater. To spread my powers to new people. 

I have a task for you, I said. I'm your goddess, and you are my disciple.

My thoughts burned as I gave her that command. She trembled there, whimpering as she held the orange. Then she blinked and nodded, a smile spreading on her lips as she stared at me. Then she gasped and fell to her knees. 

My goddess, she said.

No, no, don't bow to me, I gasped. I'm just a goddess-slave. But you... You have to spread my commands. I need you to do that for me.

I cupped the blonde woman's face and thrust my commands deep into her mind. I pushed them against her thoughts. I squeezed about her mind, pushing on her my will that I wanted her to carry out. My asshole clenched on the buzzing butt plug as my thought blazed.

Acidic needles stabbed into my thoughts. I whimpered against the ecstatic pain. Agony was the other side of rapture. They could blend from one to the other so easily. It was such a wonderful thing to experience. I fed her my commandment.

Daughters submit to their parents. Women submit to their men. It makes a father hard to have his daughter submit. A mother wet. A daughter burns with submissive lust for her parents. To pleasure them. Obey them in every way. To be dominated. Controlled and ruled. To be their dirty slut. Their naughty whore. Mothers, if you don't have a man, submit to your brother or father. Parents, buy paddles and flails to spank your naughty daughters. Gags, vibrators, all the fun toys. Dress in leather. Corsets and chaps. Thigh-high boots. Sexy BDSM clothes. Agony is the other side of rapture. Pain feels good.

Go and spread it, I said, feeling her mind echoing. Go.

I will, she groaned and rose. She hurried off, gasping, I have so much to buy.

I smiled as I turned back to the oranges. I gathered them into the bag and returned to my mother picking out apples. She glanced at me then at the woman. Her gaze narrowed at me. What was that about, slut?

Just spreading my good word, Mommy, I said. I beamed at her. Don't you want the world to understand that daughters need to be sex slaves? That wives have to submit to their husbands and dominate their daughters with them?

Yes, yes, I do, said Mommy. Now let's get the vegetables. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Cally Servant

I'll see you tomorrow, I told my friend as she dropped me off at my place.

Yes, yes, it'll be great, Cally, Debra said. Ciao!

She drove off in her car. I hummed as I headed up to the door. My thoughts tingled as I came closer to the house. A prickle that ran across my brow. I shook my head. Mom was home. She was working hard to provide for me and my little sister Betsy after our father died. 

Mom was great.

My thoughts prickled more as I approached the house. My brow furrowed at this strange sensation. Like pins and needles were burrowing into my mind. I grabbed the doorknob and opened it. I stepped inside, and my thoughts burned.

On your knees, slut! Mom said as she stood before me.

What? I groaned, my mind blazing. Thoughts were pushing in on me. Stars danced across my vision. Slut?

Why would my mom... call me... a slut...?

I struggled with that question as I realized through the fire burning across my thoughts that Mom was dressed weird. No, like she was a dominatrix or something. She wore black thigh-high boots that gleamed with polish. A matching corset went with it. One that left her tits and pussy exposed. Mom had a blonde bush that was thick and dripping in juices. Her large breasts were lifted into a pair of quivering mounds, her fat, dark-red nipples thrusting out at me. Her blue eyes burned.

I collapsed to my knees from the pain as this foreign thought pushed against my mind. I clutched my head. I shook my head, confused by what was going on. Then... then... the pain relaxed. I blinked as the prickling withdrew, like a million needles had pulled out of my mind. 

Good, slut, Mom said as she stood before me, her hands on her hips. I shuddered at how right it felt to have to kneel before her. She smiled, her blue eyes shining with domination. Now strip, you dirty fucking whore. You're just a slut. Seventeen and a complete whore! Now you're Mommy's whore!

Yes, Mommy! I gasped and jumped to my feet. I was so eager to obey her. There was a part of me that thought this wasn't right. My mother wasn't a dominatrix who would call me those names. Nor would she tell me to strip.

And I shouldn't be so eager to obey, but I was.

It was like I was seeing the world in a whole new light. The proper light that I was meant to view the world. One where daughters submitted to her parents. Women to their husbands. That I was a dirty slut that had to obey Mommy's every command.

I worked at the buttons of my blouse. I pulled that off, exposing my round breasts held in a pink bra. I threw my blouse on the floor, Mommy watching me with hunger in her eyes. She licked her lips across her mouth, her hips rocking from side to side. 

I reached behind me and undid my bra. I freed my round breasts. They spilled out. Firm, teenage titties. Mom groaned at the sight of them. Her bush dripped with pussy juices. God, she was so sexy. I lusted for her. I wanted to commit incest with her.

It was so forbidden, but I didn't care. If she ordered me to eat her pussy, I would do it.

I hoped she would order me to do it.

That would be so fucking hot.

I kicked off my shoes and pulled off my socks. Then I unsnapped my jeans. I wiggled them off. They were tight and stretchy. She groaned as my boobs swayed before me. I worked off the denim and slid it down my sleek thighs. I was so glad I shaved my legs this morning.

Yes, yes, she groaned. Show Mommy that pussy. Let Mommy see how delicious your slutty cunt is, whore. Your Mommy's whore now, aren't you?

Yes, Mommy, I moaned, stepping out of my jeans. I didn't even hesitate to shove off my panties next.

I shuddered as my panties rolled down my thighs. The tangy aroma of my pussy filled my nose. The aroma was just a wonderful delight. Proof that my mom turned me on. God, she looked so sexy in her corset and thigh-high boots. I dripped for her.  

I stepped out of my panties, quivering, so ready for her to order me. I dropped to my knees. It felt so right to be there. I trembled, waiting for her to give me the next order. She looked uncertain for a moment. Like this was all  new to her. That she still hadn't gained her confidence in it.

What do you want me to do next, Mommy, I moaned. I'm you're daughter-slave. Command me! Rule me! That's what parents do to their daughters, and since Daddy's gone, I need you to dominate me. Will you do that for me, Mommy?

Yes, she groaned. Stand up. Let me see that body. Mmm, you make me so wet, slut. My daughter-slave makes me so wet and juicy. You're going to make me cum, whore. That will be amazing.

Yes! I gasped. How do you want me to make you cum, Mommy? I'll do anything. I don't care that its incest. I don't! Just command me, Mommy!

First... she glanced to the dining room table. There were bags on there. Black bags that had no store logo on them. But first, I have to do things to you. I bought things I want to use on you. Yes, yes, I bought some naughty, naughty things!

Use them on me, Mommy! I gasped as she headed for the table.

I followed after, staring at my mother's rump. She had such a plump rump. It made me so wet to stare at it. My cunt clenched with the heat of it. This rush of delight that would sweep through me. I groaned, my cunt on fire. My pussy melted with the heat burning through me.

I reached the table to find Mom pulling out a cone from the bag. It was small with a knob handle set with a jewel. My eyes widened as I realized what it was. A butt plug. A stainless steel butt plug. My asshole quivered.

Bend over the table, slut! hissed Mom. Now!

Yes, Mommy! I moaned, my cunt clenching. My juices soaked my bush. As I bent over the table, my cream ran hot down my thighs.

This ticklish delight that made me quiver. I shuddered at that. My heart pounded in my chest as Mom moved behind me. I squirmed, my nipples rubbing into the table. Pleasure tingled from them that raced down to my cunt. My pussy burned.

Now, Mom moaned, you are going to be a good, little slut from now on, right? 

Yes, Mommy, I moaned. I thought I had been a good daughter. Mostly.

She pushed the butt plug between my butt-cheeks. I shuddered as she found my asshole. I groaned as she drilled the stainless steel end of the butt plug into my sphincter. My anal ring stretched around the blunt point. I gasped as it grew thicker and thicker. I whimpered, my backdoor widening.

Mommy! I moaned, at that naughty toy drilling into my asshole. Oh, god, Mommy! Jam that in me. I want that to be in me. I want that to fill me up.

Yes! she hissed and twisted it back and forth.

More and more of it slid into my asshole. My anal ring stretched so wide. I whimpered at how strange it felt. This burning heat that melted down to my pussy. I groaned and shuddered as the butt plug popped into my bowels.

It was all the way in me. Filling me up. This felt so strange to me. Stretching me out. I whimpered as my bowels clenched about it. I squeezed my anal sheath around the intruding cone. My pussy dripped more juices down my thighs.

Then she pushed on the knob. It hummed to life.

Holy fuck! I gasped, bucking as it buzzed away in me. It's a vibrator!

Yes, it is, Mom said, her hands sliding over my rump now. She squeezed my butt-cheeks. Mmm, does that drive you wild?

It feels so good in me, I groaned. Oh, wow, that feels really good in me. Holy shit, Mommy! Oh, yes, yes, thank you for putting that in my asshole. Oh, wow, that feels so wicked. Mmm, Mommy!

Good, she purred then squeezed my butt-cheeks. But you're such a bad, bad girl. Making Mommy worry while you're out with your friends.

What? I gasped. You're worried? But I'm just hanging out with them.

Being a slut! Her fingernails bit into my butt-cheeks. I gasped at the pain as she continued, Fucking whomever you want. You don't get to choose who you fuck. I own you! Don't you fucking forget that, slut!

Sorry, Mommy! I whimpered as she dug her fingers into my butt-cheeks. But it's only been a few guys. Not a lot of them. I don't just fuck anyone.

You fuck whomever I tell you to fuck, she hissed. If I want to put you on the street corner and sell your cunt for $5 to any guy who comes along, you'll fucking do it. I own your body! You're pussy! Your mouth! That tight asshole! I own them all, don't I?

Yes, Mommy, I gasped, her fingernails hurting. And that... that felt incredible. My pussy burned. The pain felt good. It still hurt, but it also felt rapturous. Like they were linked. One was the other side of the other. I'll do whatever you want me to do. You own me! You own my body, Mommy!

Good, she groaned then pulled back her hands. But you still made me worry so many times. I tried not to show it. I tried to be a supportive mother. You were growing up, but... No longer. I can't tolerate you doing whatever it is you want. You will obey me. 

SMACK!

I gasped at her hand slapping down on my ass. She spanked me. Mom had never spanked me. Dad, before he died, never had, either. I couldn't believe this. Heat swept through me at the feel of the stinging pain melting down to my pussy. It hurt, but it also felt so wondrous. I whimpered, my cunt clenching at the pain bursting through my cunt. 

SMACK!

Mommy! I squealed at the stinging spank that landed on my other asscheek. It hurt in such a butt-clenching way. Oh, Mommy, I'm so sorry to make you worry. I won't do it again! 

SMACK!

That's right, Mommy purred, my ass burning. Tears sprang into my eyes. It hurt, and I loved it. You'll do whatever Mommy tells you. 

SMACK! 

Right, daughter-slut? 

SMACK! 

My daughter-slave! You're mine. I own your ass! 

SMACK!

You do, Mommy! I squealed, the pain burning across my rump. You own me. I'm yours! 

SMACK!

I whimpered at the heat blazing across my butt-cheeks. They both stung. My pussy clenched, drinking in the heat. The pain turned to pleasure. The agony into rapture. Tears spilled down my cheeks as I quivered there. 

SMACK!

My head threw back. My blonde hair danced around my face. My boobs rubbed into the smooth table while the butt plug hummed away in my asshole. That buzzing delight only swelled the pleasure growing in my pussy. 

SMACK! 

I was going to cum. 

SMACK!

Mommy! I gasped, my asshole clenching about the butt plug.

The humming cone stimulated my asshole. As the pain melted down to my pussy, so did this hot pleasure. The two mixed inside of me in this wondrous way. I didn't know this was even possible, but it felt amazing so wonderful I shuddered, savoring every bit of these sensations swirling through me.

SMACK! 

You are such a slut! hissed Mom. 

SMACK! 

I can smell how wet you are! She inhaled deeply. 

SMACK! 

Mmm, the smell of a daughter-slave wet from being spanked! 

I am so wet, Mommy! I moaned, my asshole clenching down on the butt plug vibrating away. I'm going to cum! 

SMACK!

You are such a slut, she hissed. Oh, my god, you're going to cum from being spanked, whore?

SMACK! 

Yes! I howled, my pussy burning. The butt plug is driving me wild. And the spanks hurt so much! 

SMACK!

Tears spilled down my eyes as she spanked me towards my orgasm. It was incredible to feel her hand slapping down on my rump. 

SMACK! 

The heat burned through me. I savored it as I quivered here, my nipples rubbing into the table. 

SMACK! 

I quivered on the edge of cumming. 

SMACK!

My asshole clenched around the butt plug. The pressure grew in my pussy. Tears spilled hot down my cheeks. My ass burned so wonderfully. I shuddered as Mom drew back her hand. The air swished. She struck hard. 

CRACK!

Mommy! I squealed as I bucked on the table. 

I exploded.

My orgasm swept through me. Waves of rapture that surged through my body. I groaned, bucking from the pleasure that surged through me. Juices gushed down my thighs from my writhing cunt. I whimpered, stars dancing before my vision.

Mom put her hand over my pussy. I soaked her palm in my pussy cream. I whimpered, my mind drowning in rapture. My burning butt-cheeks clenched. The butt plug vibrated away in my asshole, adding more delight surging through me.

Oh, Mommy! Mommy! I squealed as more rapture surged through my body. It was just so wild. I loved every moment of it. Oh, Mommy! I love this! This is so right!

Yes, it is, she purred, her hand rubbing up and down my twat. I loved how she stroked my pussy lips. She caressed me. Naughty delight swept through me. Ooh, you make me so wet. On your knees, you dirty slave! You're going to eat Mommy's pussy!

I've never done that before, I groaned. But I'll do such a good job. I promise, Mommy! I'll make you cum so hard!

I know you will, she said. You'll make me cum so hard. You're such a dirty, dirty slut! You love Mommy's pussy!

I did. I had never even realized it, but I did love her pussy. I just knew that I would savor pleasuring her. Being a daughter-slave was my destiny. I should have been one since I turned fourteen. It all made so much sense in my mind. I could see it all so clearly.

I felt so good as I turned around, my body buzzing from the amazing spankgasm Mommy gave me. The butt plug hummed in my asshole. I loved that naughty toy massaging my anal sheath. I turned to face my sexy mommy.

She was in charge in her sexy dominatrix outfit. Her boobs jiggled as she breathed in and out. Her blonde hair framed her mature and lovely face. A mommy. A MILF. I groaned as I dropped to my knees, my mouth watering to eat my first pussy ever.

Her spicy musk filled my nose. I groaned as I breathed it in. This wonderful aroma that made me quiver. I leaned forward and pressed my lips into her bush. She grabbed the back my head and shoved me forward.

I gasped as her curls spilled around my lips and cheeks.

Then I kissed at her pussy.

The cunt that birthed me.

I groaned and licked at her spicy folds with hunger. An incestuous desire to make my mother cum. I shuddered, the pleasure sweeping through me. I trembled, my tongue licking through her petals, stroking her labia. Her thick lips rubbed on my mouth.

I groaned, breathing in her musk. She gasped, her hand tightening on the back of my head. She held me to her pussy. She gripped me, forcing me to do this. I had to lick her. I had to eat her out. It was such a wild moment. I groaned, licking and lapping at her with all the hunger that I had. I licked and lapped with such ferocity at her.

She groaned, humping her pussy against my mouth. She smeared her twat across my lips. I loved that delight. I thrust my tongue into her snatch. I swirled about in her. I loved the flavor of her snatch. I licked at her. Lapped at her.

She groaned, her back arching and boobs bouncing. Oh, you are such a daughter-dyke! Just a cunt-munching slut!

These were words I never thought I'd hear from my mother. Cunt? It was so hot. I thrust my tongue into her snatch. I swirled around in her twat. Her pussy clenched down on me as she moaned. She held me her pussy. It was incredible to feel her bush on my face.

Her juices trickled down my chin. She was so wet. My mother was wet for me to eat her out. That was so hot. This was so wild. I swirled my tongue around in her cunt. I didn't know if I actually loved pussy and never knew it, or if I just loved my mother's pussy.

But this was so amazing to enjoy.

I was in heaven as I tongued her cunt.

I swirled about in her. I licked and lapped at her. I loved every moment of thrusting my tongue into her snatch and soaking in her spicy juices. Then I explored her folds. She had such thick labia, not like me. I found her clit nestled amid her petals.

I brushed her naughty bud. She gasped, her back arching. Her big boobs jiggled. She squeezed the back of my head, holding me to her pussy. It was so hot. So naughty. I was so wet and excited by this. I thrust my tongue into her snatch.

Cally! she moaned. Oh, Cally, that's so good!

I flicked my tongue to her clit. And you're so delicious, Mommy!

I stroked over her clit. I polished that naughty pearl. She groaned, her body bucking. Her moans were so exciting to hear. I loved them as I suckled on her clit. I nibbled on her bud. She groaned, her boobs bouncing in her corset.

Yes, yes, yes, she hissed. Ooh, you're going to make Mommy cum. Just the way a good daughter-slut should be. Yes, yes, just make Mommy cum!

I will! I squealed, wanting to obey her so badly.

I danced around her clit. I swirled about her bud, wanting to make her cum. It was so exciting to feel her clit against my tongue. I suckled on her. I loved her. She groaned, her bush rubbing on my face as she trembled.

My cheeks hollowed as I suckled harder. I nursed on her with all my might. She groaned as I did that. She whimpered, her head tossing from side to side. She trembled, her moans echoing through the house. 

That's it, she moaned. My daughter is a pussy-licking whore! Yes!

She bucked and a flood of her spicy juices gushed out and bathed my mouth.

I groaned at how delicious she tasted. She had such a wonderful flavor. My pussy clenched. I made my mother cum. That sent such a wild and heady thrill through me. My asshole clenched on the butt plug humming away in my bowels. I had almost forgotten about that in there. I had gotten so caught up in eating her pussy.

I lapped at her cunt, drinking the delicious juices gushing out of her. Mommy moaned out her pleasure as she ground her furred muff on my face. She smeared all that wonderful flesh over me. It was an amazing rush.

Yes, yes, yes, Mommy groaned. Ooh, that's good. That's so good.

I thrust my tongue into her pussy. I swirled around in her snatch. I licked and lapped at her. I caressed her pussy folds. She quivered, her head tossing and blonde hair dancing. Then she groaned and stepped back from me, leaving me dripping in her pussy juices.

Oh, my god, she panted, her big boobs rising as she panted. She fanned her face. Cally, you made Mommy cum so hard. You are my daughter-slave.

Yes, Mommy! I moaned, my cunt on fire. I want to do anything for you. My pussy is so wet. That butt plug feels so good in my asshole.

Mmm, Mommy has just the toy, she said and darted to the table, her boobs bouncing. 

I turned, my head, licking my lips, as she dug through the bags. She pulled out a wooden paddle, setting it down on the table. Then some other boxes. Were those nipple clamps? My nubs tingled as I stared at them. My bowels squeezed about the butt plug.

Then she grinned and pulled out a large box. It had a picture of a fleshy dildo on the side. She slapped it down, a big smile on her lips. She tore into the box and pulled out a big, thick dildo just like on the box. A beige hue, not much different from Mom's skin. Then came a black harness.

A strap-on, I gasped.

Mmm, a slut like you would know what this is, said Mommy. She thrust the dildo through a circular ring in the harness. Now hold this so Mommy can step in it so Mommy can fuck that whore-pussy of yours.

Yes, Mommy! I moaned, my asshole melting around the buzzing butt plug. 

I took the harness from her and held it out, the dildo facing me. Mommy stepped into it, her leather boots shifting. I could see my reflection in them when I was up close. That was so hot. My cunt tingled. My dominatrix mommy was so hot.

After she had stepped into the harness, I drew it up her thighs. I worked it higher and higher up her body until I was pushing the dildo's base into her blonde cunt. I adjusted the straps around her waist. They were elastic and seemed to be positioned right. 

I really didn't know what I was doing here, but I made sure it all seemed right. That was the best I could do, I supposed. There, Mommy!

Suck it! she hissed. Suck my girl-dick like a whore!

Yes, Mommy!

I opened my mouth wide. I had sucked my boyfriends' dicks before, but never a rubbery one. My lips slid over the dildo. I groaned at the taste of rubber. It sent this wicked shiver through me. My cunt clenched as I suckled on her.

I bobbed my head, working my lips up and down her fake cock. A shiver shot through me. This was so insane. My cunt burned, my pussy on fire. I swirled my tongue around her girl-dick. She stared down at me, her eyes burning.

That's it, she purred, suck Mommy's big dick. She's going to fuck you with it!

I moaned around the fake cock, sucking on it. My cheeks hollowed as my cunt dripped to be fucked so hard by my sexy Mommy. I wanted her just ramming into me with it. That would be so hot. My pussy dripped all these juices. 

I bobbed my head, working my mouth up and down this shaft. It was so exciting to do that. My cheeks hollowed with the effort. I loved it. My tongue swirled around the tip of the cock. The rubbery flavor suffused my mouth.

Yes, yes, I can feel it rubbing on my clit, moaned Mommy. That's so good. Mmm, I'm going to love fucking your cunt.

I moaned around her dildo.

And you want Mommy to do it, don't you? she demanded, staring at me. You want Mommy to fuck that dirty pussy of yours! You are such a kinky daughter-slut!

I whimpered and nodded, nursing so hard on the fake cock. The butt plug hummed away in my asshole, melting my pussy. Juices spilled down my thighs. Hot and wicked juices. I felt so naughty. I wanted to just explode with orgasmic passion.

Then get on your hands and knees like the daughter-bitch you are! she hissed. Mommy wants to fuck that cunt!

I ripped my mouth off her dildo and groaned, Yes, Mommy!

I turned around and knelt there, my cunt on fire. My pussy dripped juices that spilled down my thighs. My bowels clenched about my butt plug. Mommy moved behind me. She dropped to her knees. Her dildo slapped down on my rump.

 I gasped at the stinging pain that flared hot across my spanked ass. I whimpered at that. She then slipped it down my rump to my pussy. She pressed it through my bush and found the lips to my cunt. I groaned at that delight pushing on me there.

Fuck me, Mommy! I groaned. 

SMACK! 

Her hand spanked hard on my rump. Pain burst from the impact. You don't tell Mommy what to do, slut! You're Mommy's slave!

Yes, Mommy! I groaned, my pussy burning. My asshole squeezed about the butt plug. I'm so sorry, Mommy. I meant to beg for it. Please, please, Mommy, fuck my whore-cunt with your girl-dick and make me explode. I need it. I need to be fucked by my sexy Mommy! Please, please, fuck me, Mommy!

Such a disgusting slut! Mommy moaned. Mommy loves it!

She thrust her girl-cock into my pussy. That fake dick stretched out my labia to swallow that thick shaft. I groaned as her dildo, thicker than my boyfriends' shafts, buried into my snatch. I gasped as she stretched me out. The toy felt amazing in me.

My cunt clenched about it as she drew back her hips. She stretched me out with that thick shaft. She fucked into me with hard strokes. I shuddered as she pumped away at me. She pounded me. I groaned, loving every thrust of her girl-cock into my pussy. She pounded me with such force. Such hard thrusts into my cunt.

Oh, my god, I moaned. Oh, my fucking god, Mommy! I love it. You fuck me so hard!

You are such a dirty slut! groaned Mommy as she pumped her dildo into my cunt. Just a filthy daughter that loves being fucked by her Mommy!

My sexy and hot mommy! I moaned, throwing a glance behind me. Her tits bounced in her corset as she fucked me with her strap-on. Yes, yes, so fucking sexy, Mommy!

You wicked daughter-slut! she gasped, drilling her rubbery dildo into my cunt. 

I squeezed my twat down around the fake cock, savoring how it felt in my cunt. My body trembled from her hard thrusts. She felt so wonderful fucking me. She pounded me with such prowess. I groaned as she plowed to the hilt in me again and again.

My round tits swayed beneath me from the force of her thrust. She churned my pussy up. My mommy knew how to fuck me. She pounded my snatch with her thick shaft. My asshole gripped the butt plug, melting heat to my cunt.

The delights mixed in me, building me towards another orgasm. Another amazing burst of rapture that would surge through me. I couldn't wait for that ecstasy to consume me. I groaned as that thick dildo plowed into my cunt again and again.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Oh, my god, that's so good. Just bury that dildo into me. Fuck me so hard, Mommy!

Oh, Mommy's going to pound her daughter-slut! she gasped, her crotch spanking my rump. Pain flared every time she did that. Wondrous pain that melted down to my cunt. Oh, Mommy's going to make you cum like the dirty whore you are!

Yes! I squealed, my pussy clenching down on her rubbery dildo.

I could only hope this felt as good for Mommy as it did for me. I didn't see how it could. She didn't have that thick shaft pumping in and out of her pussy, did she? She didn't have all this pleasure sweeping through her body. She was missing out on how amazing this was.

I loved every moment of it. The hard thrusts. The powerful plunges. It was all just so amazing. Just what I needed to feel. My cunt clamped down on her dildo as she drew back. Then she rammed it back onto my body.

Her hands slid up my sides as she fucked me. Pleasure swept through my body. My nethers melted from the thrusting dildo and the butt plug massaging my bowels. I trembled, rising towards my climax as her hands reached my breasts.

She gripped them.

Mommy! I moaned as she pounded me.

Mmm, these are Mommy's tits, aren't they? purred Mommy as she fucked me.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped, savoring that thick dildo fucking into me. They're yours. I'm yours! You own me, Mommy! Daughters should be owned by their parents!

Yes! Mommy gasped, fucking me so hard.

Those words I spoke rose from the center of my mind. They were implanted in me. Like they were divine. I shuddered at that idea. That God had planted these ideas in my mind and turned me into a daughter-slave.

The Goddess put those thoughts in my mind, Mommy groaned. I'm her disciple. She chose me at the supermarket!

Goddess, I groaned in awe. A Goddess made you her disciple. Oh, that's so wonderful, Mommy! And she revealed that I should be your daughter-slave!

You and your sister! gasped Mom, thrusting away hard at my pussy.

Yes, yes, yes! I squealed in delight, my cunt clenching down on the dildo fucking my pussy. We're both your daughter-slaves, Mommy! That's so right to hear. I love it!

My orgasm swelled fast now. Mommy fucked me hard, driving her dildo into my juicy depths. She squeezed my boobs. It was so hot to have my mother groping my tits as she fucked me from behind. She drove that dildo deep into my cunt.

It was amazing. Wondrous. I loved every thrust. Every plunge. I whimpered, my asshole quivering around the butt plug. Heat swelled in me. I climbed towards that wondrous moment of bursting. My climax was moments away.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, savoring the way that Mommy fucked me. She pounded into me. She thrust that girl-cock into my pussy and churned me up. Ooh, that's so good! That's so amazing!

Are you going to cum like a whore for Mommy? she asked, her fingers sliding down to my nipples. She pinched them, her fingernails biting into my nubs.

Yes! I squealed, my pussy clinging to her dildo. Mommy!

She twisted my nubs. Abused them in such a wondrous way. The pain became rapture.

I exploded.

Mommy!

My cunt writhed around her dildo. Waves of heat rushed through me. It was just such a thrill to have that amazing shaft thrust into me. I loved that big dick fucking into me as I climaxed. Waves of delight surged through me. I gasped out with ecstasy. This was so awesome. I savored every moment of that big dildo plowing into me. 

Oh, yes! Mommy gasped, burying her sex toy into my snatch. Yes! Mommy's cumming!

I shuddered, my asshole writhing around the butt plug humming away in me. My pussy convulsed about the dildo. I shuddered, my mind drowning in the incestuous, submissive delight. Mommy pinched my nipples hard. My nubs throbbed with sweet agony.

Oh, my fucking god! I moaned, my body trembling. That's so good. That's amazing. Yes, yes, I love that. I fucking love that so much!

I trembled, my pussy rippling around that thick shaft that had rammed into my cunt. The pleasure of submitting to my mother was so amazing. I loved this so much. I wanted to keep experiencing such naughty delights.

It was so wonderful being a sex slave to my sexy mommy. I shuddered, my body hitting the peak of that orgasm. Mommy moaned, her dildo filling me up. She released my nipples as she panted. I loved the sounds she made.

This was so wild. So amazing. I was my mommy's sex slave. Just the way the Goddess intended. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lana Servant

I ripped the dildo out of my daughter's pussy, my body buzzing from the thrill of dominating Cally. I wished that Betsy was home, too. Then we could have some real fun. But until then, my oldest daughter would get to enjoy being my slut.

It was a shame her father was dead. I missed Eric. He was such a good man. He would have so much fun spanking Cally and Betsy. I would obey Eric's commands as he dominated our daughters. As we enjoyed them together. 

No licking cum out of their pussies. That was a shame. 

I peeled out of the strap-on as I needed more than just some clit massages. I needed a shaft in me. But a sex slave shouldn't do the fucking. Luckily, the guy at the sex shop really understood that I had to dominate my daughters. It made perfect sense to him. He was so supportive of me. And he suggested this naughty item.

I reached into the bag and pulled out the gag. But it was a special gag with a dildo thrusting out from it. Plus a smaller one to fill her mouth. I would ride this fake cock. I would have so much fun with it. Dominating my daughter and receiving pleasure all at the same time.

That was a mother's duty. To make her daughters into good sex slaves.

I hummed as I opened the packaging, my daughter panting in the background. I knew she was curious about what I was opening. My pussy melted with how much joy I was having being such a naughty mommy. My cunt dripped juices that soaked my thick bush and ran down to my thigh-high boots. I loved them and my corset. I felt so... authoritative.

I glanced at the paddle. I would use that on Betsy. She was a real brat sometimes. Cally was a good girl, even if she was sexually active without my permission. Well, she wouldn't give that cunt to any boys. I supposed I would have to choose her husband. Make sure he could dominate my daughter fully before I let him own her. 

A man was needed in the house. Unless...

I shuddered at that wicked thought. I'd have to call him later. If he could even come. His job kept him busy. Right now, I had to dominate my daughter-slut. 

I turned around and found Cally kneeling there, her hands kneading her round tits. She stared at me with glazed, blue eyes. The seventeen-year-old girl was quite gorgeous. She had blonde hair, like me, but she had her father's ears and nose. Not quite as dainty as mine. Her lips were full, though. Plump like mine.

I marched to her, my boobs jiggling. She shuddered, her hands squeezing her tits then almost offering them to me. Her nipples thrust out hard. They were so delicious to see. So perfect for pinching or clamping.

Open that mouth wide, I ordered. Mommy has something to shove in there.

Yes, Mommy, she moaned. She immediately opened her mouth wide. Aaahhh!

I thrust the end of the dildo into her mouth. I shuddered at how wonderful it was to shove things in my daughter's mouth. She moaned as the leather flap of the gag covered her lips. I wrapped the straps around her head, the longer dildo bobbing before her. I strapped it nice and tight.

You can breathe? I asked her.

She breathed through her nose, nodding.

Good, I said. If you have trouble breathing at any time, you pinch Mommy's ass. Pinch it hard so Mommy can get it off you, okay?

She nodded and moaned around her gag. 

Now be a good slut and lie down on your back. Mommy is going to ride that dildo. Mmm, Mommy is going to fuck your dildo and your face! Just shower you in juices!

She nodded, her blue eyes glossy with her lust. The guy at the sex shop told me about the non-verbal safe word. I didn't want to harm my poor daughter, just dominate her. I knew this would be such a wicked delight to enjoy. 

She stretched out on her back, the dildo thrusting up from her mouth. She moaned again, muffled by her dildo-gag. I shuddered and threw my leg over her head. I was so ready to just impale my cunt down the dildo. I grabbed it, my boobs quivering.

I placed it against the entrance of my cunt and plunged my pussy down the shaft.

Yes! I gasped as that thick shaft filled my pussy. My cunt gripped the dildo as my bush rubbed into my daughter's nose. Oh, Mommy loves this!

I worked my cunt up and down that thick dildo. My boobs quivered in my corset. They jiggled in the cups of my corset as I rode that dildo. I trembled, my pleasure rushing through me. I loved how that thick shaft massaged my snatch.

I stared down at my daughter's blue eyes between my thighs. They brimmed with such worship in them. She was such a submissive, little girl. A mommy-slut that would please me whenever I wanted. That made me so hot.

Yes, I groaned as I worked my cunt up and down that thick shaft. Oh, you're going to be Mommy's personal fucktoy!

She squealed around her end of the dildo gag.

My orgasm swelled in me so fast as I worked my cunt up and down that thick shaft. It was so hard to plunge my cunt down towards her mouth. I trembled, my snatch melting around the thick shaft. It gave me so much pleasure.

It was so wild to use Cally this way. To ride up and down the dildo thrusting out of her mouth. I loved this. She groaned and moaned as I fucked that shaft. My boobs jiggled, my body drinking in the pleasure rippling through me.

I plunged down the shaft, my bush rubbing into her face. She breathed in my spicy musk. This was so wild. I slid back up it, moaning the entire way. My passion echoed through the room as I rose towards my climax.

Mommy's going to cum! I moaned.

She whimpered.

Yes, yes, you want Mommy to cum, I panted, hurtling towards my climax. I was so closer to it. Oh, you're such a naughty daughter. 

I slammed down my daughter's dildo-gag. My back arched. My boobs bounced and jiggled in my corset as the pleasure burst in my cunt. I gasped as I came. Pleasure rushed through me. Waves of delight that washed through my mind.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped, my body quivering from the ecstasy. Oh, that's good. Oh, that's amazing. I love it! I love it so much!

My pussy juices gushed out around the dildo and spilled over my daughter's face. She moaned as I bucked on the dildo. It was such an amazing delight. I was so glad I bumped into the Goddess at the supermarket. That was just so wondrous.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, my head tossing from side to side. Oh, you are such a good slut for Mommy!

I drowned in ecstasy as I ground my pussy on my daughter's gagged face. My twat writhed around the dildo. Such ecstasy swept through me. I hit that wonderful peak of pleasure. I hovered there as the front door opened.

Oh, my god! gasped Betsy as she witnessed us, her sandy-blonde pigtails swaying about her face.

Then she groaned and grabbed her head as my thoughts prickled, sharing the Goddess's revelation with my youngest daughter. I grinned as she was converted to the faith in the Submissive Goddess. I really had to call my brother to help dominate my daughters, but...

I had to enjoy Betsy.  

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Burt Makelroy

I entered the Atwater house. The drone surveillance had them out of the house. This was my chance to find one of those spy cameras monitoring them and figure out where the devices on the psychers had come from.

Agency orders.

I moved to the kitchen where one was installed. It took me a moment to find the small hole. It was tiny. A millimeter or two across. I whipped out my knife and dug into the sheetrock of the ceiling, not caring that I caused damage to it. I dug out the camera. 

It was the tiniest damned thing I'd ever seen. The size of a USB thumb drive. I shoved it into my pocket and headed out of the house, adjusting my baseball cap that covered the metal headband protecting me from the influence.

That done, I headed to my car. It was strange being back in Burlington. I started up and drove away. Where had this little device come from? Where had the pyschers come from? So many questions the Agency wanted answer. 

To be continued...
