The Academy
by storyguy

The Academy – 4

Things settled into a more comfortable pattern during the next few weeks. Nick proved considerate of her shyness and would usually turn away when she undressed or went to the bathroom. The only time she felt uneasy was when showering.

In the shower was the one time both saw each other intimately.  There was just no way of avoiding it. Beth hated shower time. It wouldn’t have been that bad if it had only been Nick there. By now she had resigned herself to being seen by him. She saw him too. Had she not seen him soft once, she would have thought he was always hard for even when she just caught a slight glimpse of him, his cock was stiff.

Beth had even grown accustomed to people walking into the bathroom when Nick and she were showering but was never really comfortable with it. When someone would walk in, she would demurely turn and face away from them. They would still know she was nude but at least the only thing visible to them would be her ass.

The planned worked for a while. One day a couple walked in and, as was her custom, Beth turned. She had learned to discern the soft sound of the door even with the water running. Beth hadn’t heard the door this time and turned toward Nick, hoping to see some kind of hint on his face. What she saw was a smile as he gazed toward the shower doorway. Out of curiosity more than anything else, she turned to see what he was looking at. Much to her shock, another set of partners were getting undressed; obviously planning to join them in the shower.

Panic surged through Beth but she knew there was nothing she could do. As the strange partners walked into the shower, Beth turned toward the wall again. She could feel her knees weakening. “Hi, I’m Doug,” the strange boy said as he stepped under the showerhead right next to Beth. “We haven’t met you guys yet. This is my partner Sue.”

Beth froze. Her eyes met his. She was so embarrassed, her head lowered to break the eye contact. As she looked toward the floor, his cock came into view. Her eyes widened as she looked at the biggest erection she ever saw. Had he been dressed, there was no way he could have kept it concealed with his pants. No doubt it would have been waving well above his waist. Realizing she was staring at his manhood, Beth quickly looked up again.

“Um… Hi… Ah… I’m Beth,” she managed to get out somehow.

“You must be new; I haven’t seen you around,” Doug said, apparently not bothered by the fact everyone was nude.

“Um… yes… we just started here…” Beth stammered. “Oh! I’m sorry… this is… um… Nick. Um… we were just getting out. Talk to you later.”

Beth immediately headed toward the changing area, not even looking back to see where Nick was. She grabbed her towel, hastily wrapping in it. She turned to see Nick standing next to her.

“Are you OK?” he asked.

“Yeah,” she lied. “Why do you ask?”

“You look like you just saw a ghost!” he chuckled. “You got out rather quickly too.”

“No, I’m fine. Um… I just wanted to get to the school store before it closed,” she blurted, not able to think of anything else to say.

Nick seemed to accept the excuse and didn’t say anything more. His attention was focused in the shower room rather than at Beth anyway. Beth looked in to see what he was watching and blushed. Sue was standing in the shower, her legs parted, with a razor in her hand. It was obvious she was putting the final touches on a shaving job that left her pussy completely hairless. Beth too, stared at her for a moment.

She had seen bare pussies before, but only on young girls. Older girls had hair there and it never occurred to Beth to shave it completely off. Some girls who had very hairy crotches did trim some only to stop the hair from poking out of swimsuits and such but to go completely bald? Although Beth did have hair, she was still a little envious of other girls. Beth’s hair was still thin compared to most and it made her feel somewhat inadequate. She would have been thankful to have a full bush and this girl was shaving hers off. Beth was astonished.

“Hurry up and dress,” Beth urged, embarrassed by Nick watching Sue. Although he didn’t rush, finally they were dressed and headed for the school store.

They walked into a small, but well stocked store. Once inside, the two separated. Beth went to the girls’ clothing section. She remembered she still needed to pick up panties. Shyness had stopped her from getting any before. Her mother had always bought them for her.  Unfortunately there was no more time to delay. Beth had been alternating her initial two pair and she wanted some new ones. She walked over to the counter where they were and, after glancing around to make sure no one was looking at her, picked up a pair to see them better.

She was allotted seven pair so she could pick out five more. Beth slowly rummaged through the bikinis, and had picked out 3 pair when she became aware of someone standing next to her. She blushed as she looked up to see Nick. “This is so embarrassing…” she blushed.

“These are nice,” Nick offered, handing her a pair. He hadn’t really looked at them but wanted her to feel more at ease.

“It’s a thong. I’ve never worn one before,” Beth whispered.

“Lot’s of girls do. I think they look nice,” Nick rationalized.

“OK,” Beth agreed, stuffing the thong into her hand along with the others. His attempt to help her impressed her. Beth grabbed a second thong. “Let’s get out of here,” she blushed, still embarrassed by having to buy underwear. “Are you going to pick up anything?”

Nick held out his hand, revealing five pairs of white briefs. Beth, with a sudden surge of confidence, walked toward the boys section. Nick followed her. After a quick glance around, Beth walked to the underwear counter. She picked up a pair of maroon boxer briefs and handed them to Nick, taking one pair of briefs from him. “There,” she smiled as she headed for the checkout.

Checkout was easier than she expected using the school provided card. Soon the two were heading back to their room, each carrying a bag.

As they entered the room, Nick teased Beth. “Are you going to model your new things for me?”

Beth’s first instinct was to say no but then she thought. Nick had been very accommodating to her since the beginning of school. He had also seen her many times but had never made an issue of it either. ”I will if you will,” she conditioned.

“The thong?” he hinted with a big grin.

“If you try on the ones I picked out for you,” Beth answered softly. Nick’s head bobbed violently as he agreed. His enthusiasm made Beth chuckle. “OK, turn around and don’t turn back until I tell you.”

Nick grabbed the boxer briefs and turned his back toward Beth. She pulled out the thong Nick had chosen and turned toward the wall. She undid her pants and pushed them off, dropping her panties at the same time. Beth looked at the thong as she held it in front of her, wondering what it would feel like. Nervously she stepped into it and pulled it up.

The thong back neatly slid into the cleft in Beth’s ass. She had half expected it to feel like the proverbial “wedgie” but, although she could feel it, it wasn’t uncomfortable at all. Beth smoothed out the waistband and then checked to make sure the front not only sufficiently covered her but was smoothed also. The thong rode very low on her – lower than most of her bikinis – but she was satisfied with how it looked.

Beth turned around to face Nick. He was still obediently facing his wall with his back to her. He had already put on his boxer briefs. She admired the look as it seemed to “present” his ass very nicely. “OK,” she said softly.

Nick turned to face her. A big grin came over her face but she hadn’t noticed it yet. Her eyes were on his underwear. She had seen his erection before but it seemed a little bigger to her now. His underwear stretched across it. His cock formed a ridge extending from the bulge created by his balls all the way to his waistband. Beth liked the look. Eventually she looked up at his face and greeted his smile with hers.

Beth pulled her top up to the bottom of her breasts to give Nick a better view of her new thong. After letting him look for a moment, she slowly turned around in front of him, letting him see the back, and her ass, also. For some strange reason, she wasn’t embarrassed this time as he looked at her panty covered body. Somehow it felt natural.

For a while, Beth stood still letting Nick admire her young assets. She felt proud but uneasiness was creeping back with the lack of activity in the room. “I’m tired. Let’s go to bed now and get up early to study,” she suggested.

“OK,” answered Nick, obviously disappointed. Beth, sensing his letdown, did something she hadn’t done before. With one swift motion she pulled her top over her head. Nick began to turn around. “You don’t have too,” Beth told him in a quiet voice.

Nick stopped and turned to face her again. Beth looked into his face as she reached around to her back and grabbed her bra strap. “You sure?” Nick asked. Beth didn’t answer. Her bra slid down her arms and she dropped it in the bed.

Beth hesitated, wondering if she’d have the courage to do what she wanted to do. She stood, now dressed only in her panties, and made no effort to cover her perky tits as Nick stared with open mouth. He quickly recovered his composure. The smile was gone from his face but not because of sadness. He looked into Beth’s eyes as he pushed his boxer briefs to the floor and stepped out of them.

Nick stood before Beth now completely naked. His cock stood straight up from between his legs like a lighthouse jutting up from the shore. He straightened; his feet parted, and let Beth look at all he had. She gave him a Mona Lisa smile and then dropped her gaze to the floor, pushing her thong to her ankles at the same time. Slowly she looked up. She was still shy about revealing her body but didn’t feel like she was exposing herself this time. It was more like sharing.

The two studied each other’s differences for several minutes. Slowly Beth’s modesty crept up on her. “I guess we’d better get ready for bed now,” she muttered as she turned toward her dresser. Beth chose a nightgown and pulled it over her head before turning toward Nick again.

The moment had passed. His back was to her and he was pulling up his sleep pants. Beth picked up the day’s clothes, except for the thong, and deposited them in the shute. She placed the thong on top of her dresser and climbed into bed. Nick had already gotten into his and was facing the wall. His light was already out. Beth turned out hers.

She lay in her bed and thought about what had happened. The idea of a boy seeing her had always frightened her but for some reason it was different with Nick. She wondered why.

Beth had no idea how much time had passed when she heard noises coming from Nick’s bed. It sounded like he was in pain. “Nick, are you OK?” she asked in a quiet whisper. He didn’t answer. Soon his body was moving and his groans got louder. Beth jumped out of bed and rushed to him. She was shocked by what she saw. His arm was under his blanket and his hand moving quickly back and forth under it. “Sorry!” she gasped and jumped back into her bed.

Silence fell on the room. Nick stopped moving. Beth knew she had just caught him “jerking off” as they called it. Suddenly she felt a combination of embarrassment, disgust, and guilt. As she thought about it, though, her mind began to change. Most nights she would masturbate after she knew Nick was asleep. He had even caught her once but hadn’t realized it.

“Nick, I’m sorry,” she meekly said. Beth listened for a response but Nick remained silent. “I know what you were doing… It’s OK. I don’t mind… I guess everybody does that… You can do it, really, I don’t care… I do it sometimes myself.” Her last statement made her blush. She regretted telling him that but it was too late now. She just wanted him to know she wasn’t angry about what he had been doing.

Beth waited a little while longer for Nick to say something but he never spoke. “I’m not angry or anything…” she whispered, trying again to get him to talk.

Eventually Beth fell asleep. Nick had never answered her.


The Academy – 5

Tensions eased after that night. Beth became more accustomed to Nick being there when she changed. Although she knew he saw her, he didn’t stare, which was comforting to her. The shower still made her uneasy and she dreaded others seeing her naked.

She had worn the thong the next day. Nick had watched her put it on. “I like that on you,” he had complimented, which had embarrassed her a little but she did appreciate the compliment. She didn’t wear a thong too often because it made her feel a little naked. On occasion she would wear one though. Sometimes that naked feeling made her feel sexy.

Classes were getting much tougher. Neither she nor Nick had trouble with them but they required a lot of studying; all except the anatomy class that is. What she had expected to be her toughest class had turned out to be one of the easier ones for her. Most of what they had covered in the first few weeks she had already studied before coming to the academy.

Anatomy class was on Fridays and they had just gone through a week of testing in all her other subjects. Beth was mentally exhausted and looked forward to relaxing through the class. The instructor had a surprise for them though – a surprise quiz. The eight students had entered their classroom and were surprised to find the desks pushed aside and four mats on the floor.

Beth gasped when the instructor told them to disrobe and don their lab coats only. The students all seemed to freeze and stood nervously looking around the room at each other. “Quickly, please. Don’t be shy. I know the school policies. You have all seen one another by this time,” the instructor impatiently ordered. They finally complied; each trying to take their clothes off and put on the lab coats before anyone saw them.

“OK, I see you’re all set now. This will be a practical quiz. Each set of partners will be in a different corner of the room. During the quiz, there will be no actual touching. Each will just point to whatever they are asked to identify. Please refrain from looking at anyone else during the quiz. Any questions?” The instructor explained. Seeing none, he continued. “We’ll start with the girls. Gentlemen, please remove your coats and lay face down on the mats and put the blindfolds on.”

The instructor spent the next 5 minutes naming different muscles and would go to each girl to see if she could point them out. Although somewhat nervous having a prone, naked boy stretched out in front of her, Beth managed to point to every muscle the instructor had named. The boys were then told to roll over. Beth felt sorry for Nick. He was sporting his usual erection, which she had seen before, but he was now with others. She imagined he was a little embarrassed.

Once again the instructor named several muscles asking each girl to point them out. Once he finished, the partners were told to switch places. The girls were now naked, but they didn’t need the blindfolds as they had already been tested. Beth nervously complied and glanced around the room to see if anyone would look at her. Satisfied all the boys were looking only at their partners, she settled some but was still uneasy. The instructor repeated the test for the boys.

Beth breathed a sigh of relief and reached for her clothes at the end of the quiz. That is until the instructor told them they could put on their lab coats but NOT to get dressed just yet. Beth pulled the lab coat over her naked body and waited to see why the instructor hadn’t let them dress.

All the students finally settled, now covered. The instructor pulled one of the mats to the center of the room. “So far we’ve gone over only those parts which male and female have in common. Today we will begin studying those which differ,” he told them. Beth felt her stomach flutter. She was well aware boys were different from girls and was interested in learning about all the differences, but knew she’d be embarrassed about it too.

“Will everybody gather around the center mat? Elizabeth, since you seem to be my star student so far, I’d like to use you. Please slip your lab coat off and lay on the mat,” The instructor began.

“What?” Beth gasped as the students moved to the center of the room.

Beth had frozen where she stood. The others, including the instructor were all kneeling around the mat. “Elizabeth? I know I don’t have to remind you about the academy policies and philosophies. I’d like you to begin. Please come here,” the instructor grumbled.

Beth blushed as she stepped forward, dropping her lab coat. Dutifully she took her position on the mat. It was bad enough to be nude in front of others but she felt like she was in a spotlight now. The instructor, seemingly ignoring her obvious uneasiness, began to point out her breast to the class. He explained the differences and similarities of male and female breasts, which Beth would normally had found interesting had it not been her breasts the instructor was using.

After what seemed like hours, the instructor asked the students if they had any questions. Beth was relieved when she didn’t hear any and attempted to sit up. The instructor placed his hand on her shoulder telling her she was to remain as she was. He then began to describe her body below her waist, pointing out the flair of her hips, her pelvic bones, and even her public hair, adding that as she matured more, her hair would thicken. That last statement humiliated her. It was the one thing she most hated about her body.

Beth didn’t think things could get worse until the instructor told her to open her legs. “No!” Beth gasped. “Elizabeth!” the instructor scolded softly. He then turned his attention to the other students and began to give them a brief overview. Once finished, he turned back to Beth. She had parted her legs about a foot apart and was waiting. “No, Elizabeth, bend your knees. Here, relax and I’ll show you.” The instructor took her leg, bent it at the knee, and pushed it down enough so it was almost flat against the floor. “Place your other leg like this,” he told her.

Never had she ever been so exposed. Beth’s face turned red as the instructor began to explain her most private area. She closed her eyes in an attempt to shut out the entire situation. She hadn’t seen him slip a latex glove on. She wasn’t even listening to him until he spoke her name again. “Elizabeth, I want you to try to relax now. I won’t hurt you and no one but I will touch you. I know this may be a little embarrassing for you.”

Beth almost laughed. She was flat on her back, nude, with four boys and three girls all looking between her legs. The instructor didn’t think that was embarrassing? What more could he do to humiliate her? She soon found out.

A hand touched her slit making her jump. “Try to relax,” the instructor comforted. Beth’s face turned scarlet when she felt her pussy lips being parted. The instructor, in detail, pointed out every part of her. She almost died when he pulled her pussy lips further apart, pointing out her body’s entry hole. He then proceeded to explain about intercourse, still holding her open, and pointed out her clit, mentioning its function and how it would be stimulated by a penis.

Beth thought she would faint from humiliation before he finally pulled his hand from her and thanked her for being his subject. The class had ended and Beth dressed as quickly as she could. “Please hurry,” she urged Nick as she wanted to just get away from everyone. He finally finished dressing. She grabbed his hand, almost dragging him out of the room. Once outside, she quickly let go of him, realizing she was holding his hand like he was a child.

“I felt bad for you in there,” Nick told her. “You must have really been embarrassed.”

At first Beth didn’t answer him. She wanted to shove the whole class out of her mind. She looked over at him and saw his sad and worried expression on his face. Finally she realized he really did feel for her. “Yeah, I was,” she mumbled.

“Are you OK now?” he asked. Beth nodded. “Good… I did learn some things though.”

“Well, I guess that’s good. I just wish it had been someone else on display.” Beth managed a slight smile for him. “It wouldn’t have been so bad if it had just been you.”

“You’re just saying that… I bet he picked you because you’re the smartest one in the class …and the best looking too,” he blushed.

A full smile finally formed on Beth’s face. “Thanks,” she replied. Their conversation faded and the two walked slowly back to their room. Beth was deep in thought as they walked though. She hadn’t lied to Nick about him seeing her body. He didn’t believe her and she didn’t understand why she felt that way, but it was true.

It took a few days for Beth’s nerves to settle but they finally did and her life at the Academy once more returned to normal. She became nervous again when she awoke on Friday morning. It was to be her first anatomy class since her ordeal. The day dragged for her. Finally anatomy class time came and Beth approached the room. She relaxed when she entered seeing the tables, desks, and chairs were all arranged normally and no mats were in sight.

The instructor came in, greeted the class, and once again told them to disrobe and don their lab coats. Beth felt her now familiar uneasiness as she complied. Once everyone was ready, the class began.

Everyone was told to remain seated bet to arrange their chairs so the partners were facing each other. The girls were then asked to lower their lab coats to expose their breasts. Although Beth hated being exposed to others, this wasn’t as bad as before. Nick was the only one really looking at her. The instructor then began a review of the previous class, encouraging the boys to examine their partners to make sure they were familiar with what he would be explaining and asked the girls to help out the boys if necessary.

As the lecture began, some of the boys touched their partners and even some of the girls were pointing things out but Nick kept his hands on his lap. “You understand everything?” Beth whispered to Nick. He nodded, but by this time he was the only one who hadn’t touched his partner. “You know, it’s OK if you touch me,” Beth whispered. “It’s part of the class.”

”I know, but I know you and I don’t want to upset you or anything. I’m fine,” Nick replied. Beth was touched by his concern for her. The instructor had begun talking about nipples and Beth wanted Nick to know she didn’t mind him touching her for the class. She reached out and took his hand.

He gave her a concerned look, but she placed his hand on her breast and shyly told him, “It’s OK. I don’t want you to fail because you’re worried about me.” Nick needed no further encouragement and began to examine her breast as the instructor continued. Surprisingly, Beth didn’t feel awkward with Nick’s hand prodding her breast. She actually liked his soft and gentle touches.

Within a few minutes the instructor had finished his review if the female breast and the girls were told to lie on the tables facing their partners so they could continue. Beth knew what was coming next and, although she was dreading it, wanted Nick to be relaxed at least. As she jumped up on the table, she told him, “Remember, this is part of the class. I’m OK.”

The girls were instructed to assume the same position Beth had been in the week before. A few groans were heard but Beth, not wanting to give Nick the idea she was nervous, complied without complaint. She felt her face flush, but somehow managed a small smile for him. “You sure you’re OK?” he asked.

Beth nodded, afraid if she spoke, he would be able to detect the quiver in her voice. She was embarrassed but tried her best to mask it. As the instructor resumed his lecture, Nick reached out and touched her. Beth jumped, not because he had frightened her but simply because of where she had been touched.

Nick pulled his hand away quickly, muttering, “Sorry!” as he did.

“I told you it was OK. It’s just your hand was cold,” Beth lied. She settled back down and Nick’s hand returned. She tried to remain calm and not let Nick know it was really bothering her, but she couldn’t stop her face from becoming bright red with embarrassment. Her breath sucked in sharply as his finger pushed into her, but fortunately he didn’t seem to notice. Her finger had been there before but hers was the ONLY finger that had ever been there.

Suddenly Beth became aware the instructor had stopped talking and girls were jumping off their tables. She quickly got to her feet and recovered her nude body; thankful it was finally over.

“Boys, please jump up on your tables,” the instructor ordered.


The Academy – 6

The boys all looked around the room nervously. It had been one thing to look at nude girls but now they were the subjects. “Open your lab coats, gentlemen,” the instructor ordered. Slowly Nick opened his coat to reveal his manhood, which, much to his embarrassment, was erect.

Beth’s face turned bright red. She had already seen what boy’s look like and even though it was still early in the school year, had seen what she thought were a lot of erections. She had actually hadn’t seen a cock that wasn’t erect, except for Nick on the first day. She had been so overwhelmed on that day she had hardly noticed, though, and just assumed boys were always hard.

She had never touched a boy’s prick though and knew she would be now. The thought both excited and frightened her. As the instructor began describing what the girls were looking at, Beth tried to not look at Nick. It may not have bothered him had she looked but Beth was very nervous about it. Her eyes darted around the room to the other couples. She gasped as one girl reached out and put her hand on her partner’s manhood.

“Elizabeth,” the instructor called, making Beth jump. She hadn’t been paying attention to what he had been saying and hearing her name startled her. “Is your partner circumcised?” the instructor asked.

Suddenly Beth felt light headed. She knew what the term meant but had never really looked close enough at Nick to really know. She hadn’t really looked at any boy that closely. “Elizabeth, is your partner circumcised?” the instructor repeated.

Beth suddenly turned red. “Um… ah… I… um… I don’t know,” she stammered.

“Come here,” the instructor ordered. Beth stood and slowly walked to the front of the room. She had never felt so self-conscious in all her life. It was bad enough she didn’t know the answer, but to be asked THAT question? She wanted to die.

The short walk to the front of the class seemed to be miles. “Why don’t all you girls join us,” the instructor suggested. The girls made their way to the front of the class. “OK, it seems most of you don’t know what circumcision is. Let me explain,” he began. After explaining the clinical definition of the term, the girls were told to return to their partners.

“Now let’s see if you’ve learned,” the instructor said. He proceeded to each girl and repeated the question he had asked Beth. Beth again flushed when he approached her. He asked his question. Beth still couldn’t tell and responded, “I don’t know.”

“Boys, would you all come over here, please?” the instructor requested. As asked, the boys all walked over to where he was, along with Beth. “OK, please open your coats,” he ordered. Beth almost fainted as each boy opened his coat and revealed their bodies. “Look at each boy carefully, Elizabeth,” the instructor began.

Beth had no choice now. Shyly she let her eyes glance at what each boy had between his legs. “Notice the difference?” the instructor asked. “What’s different?” he questioned.

The questions made Beth re-examine each boy. They were indeed all different – different lengths, different color hair, different everything. “Take a good look at John,” the instructor suggested. Beth looked at the boy specified.

John was the biggest boy in the class, but Beth was surprised to notice he didn’t have the biggest cock. Her observation made her blush even more. “He’s circumcised,” the instructor stated. He then proceeded to point out what he was talking about to Beth; much to her embarrassment – and interest.

“OK, Elizabeth, I want you to gently pull the skin of his penis upward,” the instructor told her. Beth looked up in horror. She had never touched a cock before and he now wanted her to touch a boy she hardly even knew? “Go on,” he encouraged. “You won’t hurt him.”

Beth reached out; her hand visibly shaking. She looked up at John’s face and saw his grinning back at her. Taking a deep breath, she extended her finger and touched his prick. “Gently pull the skin towards the tip,” the instructor repeated. Beth used two fingers, quickly did as she was told, and then snapped her hand back. For the first time in her life she had touched a boy’s cock but had been so nervous and traumatized she hadn’t really noticed anything.

“Now do the same thing to Nicolas,” she was told. She looked up at Nick. His embarrassment was obvious, but she could also see sympathy for her plight. “It’s OK,” Nick mouthed.

Beth repeated her actions on Nick and noticed the skin roll forward a bit. “See the difference? Is he circumcised?” the instructor asked. With her vocal cords long since paralyzed with fright, Beth could only manage a nod. The instructor evidently accepted her answer and walked back to the front of the room, much to the relief of Beth.

“Sorry,” Beth blushed once she had regained some composure.

“I know. You had no choice though. It’s OK. Don’t worry about it,” Nick whispered.

“Gentlemen, please take your seats,” the instructor ordered. Once things settled, he continued. “Males have a prostrate gland…” and the instructor explained its function and location. Beth hardly listened. She was still trying to settle her shattered nerves with little success. Her attention snapped back when the instructor said, “Gentlemen, please stand and bend over your tables.

Beth turned white as Nick leaned over the table and the instructor ordered, “Lady’s, please lift your partner’s lab coats.”

“I can’t!” Beth muttered.

Nick knew what was coming and dreaded it. He did feel bad for Beth though; it wasn’t her fault. He realized she was probably dreading what was coming as much as he was, if she even knew what was coming. “It’s OK. Just do what he says,” Nick consoled. He hated what was about to happen but if it had to happen, he was grateful it would be Beth anyway.

Beth lifted Nick’s lab coat revealing him. She couldn’t help but blush. “Girls, in the right hand drawer of your tables, there’s a tube called ‘KY Jelly‘. Please squeeze a generous amount on your partner’s anus. There are also latex gloves. Put one on,” the instructor ordered.

“Oh, no!” Beth muttered.

“It’s OK… just do it. It’s for the class,” Nick whispered, trying to console her but cringing on the inside. A shiver went up his back as he felt the slimy substance being smeared on his asshole.

Once the instructor was satisfied all the girls had complied, he instructed them to insert a finger and he described what the prostrate gland would feel like and where it would be located.

Nick grunted as Beth’s finger entered him. “I’m so sorry,” she whispered. “I wish I didn’t have to do this to you.” As embarrassed as she was doing what she was doing to Nick, she was also fascinated by his anatomy. Somehow the humility she had felt paid for what she was doing to Nick. She giggled softly as Nick’s cock began to harden.

Soon the instructor told the boys to stand again and wipe themselves. Nick seemed moré embarrassed wiping his ass than he had been allowing Beth to put her finger into him. Once everyone was settled once more, the instructor gave a brief review and dismissed them.

Beth and Nick dressed facing each other. There was only a tinge of embarrassment left between them. As they were leaving the class, one of the other partners approached them and told them a group had arranged to go swimming at one of the local beaches. Nick and Beth gladly accepted the invitation. A break would be nice.

The school had issued bathing suits but Beth hadn’t really looked at hers. As they rushed into the room, Beth grabbed the suit and immediately saw a problem. The suit was a one piece and very fashionable. She liked it but it had very high cut legs, meaning it tapered very sharply in the front. “Um, Nick, I don’t quite know how to put this. Girls have to trim some so, um, ah, hair doesn’t show,” Beth blushed.

Nick looked a little puzzled. Beth, not knowing how she could explain her situation further without really embarrassing herself, suggested, “Let’s shower before we go.” Nick nodded and grabbed his towel along with his swim suit and was about to leave the room. Beth stopped him though. Her bush had grown sufficiently enough that she knew there was no way she would be able to just shave it. It had to be scissor trimmed first.

“Promise you won’t laugh,” Beth giggled as she slipped her pants off.

“Laugh?” Nick questioned. Beth didn’t answer as she slipped her panties off. Somehow the idea of being pantyless with Nick there no longer bothered her. She spread a towel on her bed and sat down. Picking up her scissors, she began to trim the edges of her bush. “You gonna cut it all off?” Nick asked.

“No!” Beth blurted without thinking.

“Bet you’d look nice like that,” Nick commented.

Beth knew some girls did shave completely but she had never considered doing it herself. Nick’s suggestion made her think though. She liked him. He wasn’t just a boy but he wasn’t a boyfriend either. He was more like one of the girls but he wasn’t really that either. The thought did intrigue her, though. “Really think I should?” she giggled. He smiled and nodded.

“Why not,” she thought. Carefully she began to trim the hair away. It took a while but Beth finally reduced her bush to stubble. She looked up at Nick smiling. “Let’s go take a shower so I can finish.”

Beth threw on a robe and the two headed for the shower. Once there, she tossed her robe on a hook and waited for Nick. She was glad there was no one else there; not because she was shy but she wanted to have just Nick there this time. Beth smiled as Nick’s underwear fell to his ankles. He had a hardon, which wasn’t that unusual, but she knew this one was because of her. “Come on,” she urged as she headed for the showers.

Nick followed her and turned on one of the shower heads. Beth let it spray on her for a moment and then stepped back. She took the can of shaving cream, squirted some into her hand, and then spread it over the remainder of her bush. As Nick looked on, Beth took a razor and began carefully clearing the stubble. She didn’t look up at Nick but knew he was watching her as she shaved. Strangely she wasn’t embarrassed. He wasn’t threatening at all and, to Beth, it was becoming commonplace to have Nick see her.

Beth scraped the last of her hair off and stepped under the shower to rinse off. She ran her hand across the now smooth skin of her pussy. Doubt ran through her mind. What had she done? Women had hair there; little girls didn’t. Beth almost felt like a little girl again. “Let’s get ready to go,” she muttered as she walked out of the shower area.

It felt strange not having any hair between her legs as she dried off. Being bald down there made her feel even more naked. Beth felt her face flush. She picked up her swim suit with every intention of covering her nakedness but suddenly stopped and straightened out, dropping her suit as she did. Quickly she cleared her head and looked up at Nick. “Like it?”

Nick had a huge grin on his face. “Yeah!” he answered. His stiff cock twitched as he answered. Beth smiled, not only at his word, but also at the obvious approval of his prick. She didn’t quite understand, but his approval was very important to her.

The two dressed quickly and almost ran to meet the others, knowing they were late.
