When Sam wakes in the morning with a start, he knows that he’s almost out of time. His little excursion into his brother’s head has roused the darkness inside of him and he can feel it again as an eager undercurrent to his thoughts. Feeling along the edges of his defenses for any cracks it can use to worm its way deeper into his soul. Refusing to use the power anymore will stave it off for a little while, but that can only slow what’s happening. It won’t stop the darkness from taking him inch by inch, and it certainly won’t reverse the damage that’s already been done.

Sam takes a few minutes to shore up the wall in his mind, hoping to prevent any accidents, and then turns the pickup around and heads back to the cabin.

Dean is still sleeping, but his color is better. Sam turns one of his brother’s hands over and sees that the cuts on Dean’s palms are all but gone, although the gash on his brow is still there. He traces one finger across his brother’s wrist and pauses over his pulse. Not as steady as he’d like, but better than before: stronger.

He really is healing.

Replacing Dean’s hand on the bedspread, Sam takes a careful look around. Not counting the gun on the kitchen table, there are hundreds of objects in here that Dean could use on himself if he wanted: some obvious and some not quite so obvious but no less deadly. It would take days to make the place completely suicide-proof. Sam’s going to have to do his best with the time he has.

He takes the knives first. Hesitates over the forks and then takes them out as well. The cleaning supplies underneath the sink go next. He dithers over the dishes for a few minutes and then takes out everything that isn’t plastic, leaving them with two plates, four cups and a pale pink bowl with bananas on it.

The stove is gas, and will have to be turned off from outside if (when) Sam leaves; Dean will still be able to use the microwave if he wants to cook something. Then Sam realizes that Dean could shove half a dozen metal cans in there and, at the very least, cause a fire. He can’t remember how to breathe for a moment.

Jesus Christ, this is impossible. There are so many ways a person could end his life if he wanted to, and Sam can’t possibly take care of them all. And this is Dean, who’s resourceful enough to have made an EMF reader out of an old, beat-up Walkman. He’d probably be able to manage it locked in an empty, padded room.

Besides, there’s nothing to stop Dean from leaving, is there? There’s nothing Sam can do to prevent him from, say, wandering off to drown himself in the lake or toss himself in front of a passing car. Or he could always find Bobby and cash in on his promise.

Sam’s breath comes faster. What the fuck is he supposed to do? It isn’t like he can keep Dean in the cabin, let alone away from anything dangerous. He can’t—

Wait.

Sam blinks down at his hands, remembering. And thanks to John’s training, he does remember: remembers it exactly, he’s sure of it. Dean’s going to hate him, of course, but Sam can deal with a little hate if it means his brother is still alive to yell at him.

Sam finds a package of Sharpies in one of the kitchen drawers and pulls them out. Then he studies the room, mapping out a space that will be the easiest to clear. The bathroom will have to be included, of course, but he’s fairly certain he can deal with that. He just has to empty out anything even remotely dangerous and put it in the kitchen.

Okay. Okay, he can do this.

Sam gets on his hands and knees and starts drawing. Two Sharpies and three hours later, he stands back and looks at his handiwork. The modified devil’s traps surround Dean’s bed in a circle that’s just wide enough to include the bathroom door. Sam has been careful to link the traps edge to edge—no space between for Dean to slip through—and to point the focus of the trap inward toward his brother. If he ends up taking the wolf’s advice, he’ll need some help to get through himself, of course, but he’ll cross that particular bridge when he comes to it.

It takes Sam another two hours to Dean-proof the bathroom. He takes everything away but the half roll of toilet paper, a bar of soap, a small bottle of shampoo (nontoxic: he checked), and a tube of toothpaste. No toothbrush: Sam has seen enough prison movies to know that a toothbrush can be snapped and the handle filed into a serviceable weapon. If Dean wants to brush his teeth, then he can make do with his finger for a few days. Even the mirror comes down: far too easy for Dean to break it and use one of the shards as an impromptu knife.

Sam still doesn’t feel secure. He knows that he’s probably just being neurotic, but what if the modified devil’s traps won’t work on the floor? What if they’re specifically designed to lock things closed, like doors or windows? After a few minutes of gnawing on his lower lip, he heads outside.

There’s a can of waterproof paint in the shed out back. Sam can’t find a brush, but his finger works just as well. He does the cabin door first, and the all of the windows. After a moment of hesitation, he climbs up on the roof and leaves a trap there as well.

When he climbs back down, he’s covered with streaks of paint. Droplets of sweat fly from his hair when he shakes his head, and his shirt is stuck to his back and chest. He wonders absently if the heat is normal for this part of the world in late September. Maybe. He can’t be sure: their treks from one side of the country to the other have never taken them this far into the northwest.

After returning what’s left of the paint to the shed, Sam goes back inside.

Dean’s awake.

He’s sitting up in the bed and looking around at the symbols he can see on all the windows. Sam isn’t sure if his brother has noticed the floor yet, and he can’t read the answer in Dean’s expression because when Dean looks at him, his face is completely neutral. Dean takes in the brown coating on Sam’s hands—the streaks on his face and arms and clothes—and doesn’t say anything.

Sam closes the door behind himself, not bothering to lock it. He doesn’t need to lock it, and they both know it.

“I’m not apologizing,” he says.

Dean’s stare is unnerving. It doesn’t waver: doesn’t fluctuate in intensity. There’s no hint of what’s going on in that screwed up head of his.

“You’re not going anywhere,” Sam adds.

Dean stares at him for a moment longer and then says, “You’re gonna have to open the door eventually.”

So, he hasn’t noticed the floor. Heart beating too quickly in his chest, Sam reaches behind him and opens the door. He can always slam it shut again if Dean makes it past the traps surrounding his bed. Dean’s healed, but he still looks too weak to use one of those inhuman bursts of speed to escape, so Sam should have enough time to do that much.

Suspicion flickers through Dean’s eyes as he gets out of the bed. Keeping his gaze focused on Sam, he takes two steps forward and then stops. Looks down. Looks up. His jaw twitches.

“You son of a bitch.”

Sam stands there quietly while Dean paces along the line of traps. It’s almost exactly like watching wolves at the zoo. Dean disappears into the bathroom and then comes out a few minutes later with a bitter smile on his face.

“What, you weren’t worried I was gonna choke myself on the soap?”

“I didn’t go through all that to lose you.”

“In two weeks you’re gonna lose me either way, Sam!” Dean shouts. “Or are you gonna keep me here, huh? You gonna keep me here and throw me a few table scraps now and then? Get yourself a collar and a leash and take me for fucking walks in the woods?”

Sam winces internally at the anger in his brother’s voice. “You don’t need the Gleipnir, Dean,” he says softly. “The wolf isn’t a problem. You aren’t going to turn into some kind of bloodthirsty monster.”

Uttering a wild laugh, Dean drops down on the bed and puts his head in his hands. His fingers flex in his hair. “God, you—I don’t even know what to say to you right now.”

Sam shuts the door again and heads into the kitchen. His chest feels about three sizes too small to hold his insides, and his stomach is twisting restlessly. “You hungry?” he asks. “I can make us some lunch.” Then, glancing at the clock, he corrects himself. “Dinner.”

“Let me out of here, Sam,” Dean says without looking up.

“We’ve got some steaks, if you want. Or burgers? Did you want another burger?”

“Sam.” Quiet. Dangerous.

The darkness inside of Sam pulses in eager response. Shutting his eyes, he rests his hand on the refrigerator door and concentrates on the slight thrum in his fingertips. The darkness is more restless now that Dean’s awake. Hungrier. It wants to hurt him.

Break him.

Kill him.

No, Sam thinks. Jesus no.

At this rate, he has as many as five days left before he’s completely gone. Maybe as few as two. And even if he takes the wolf’s advice tonight, it could be take three days for something to answer.

It could already be too late.

“I’m not letting you out, Dean,” Sam says. Funny how he’s falling apart inside and yet his voice sounds completely normal. “If you don’t tell me what you want for dinner, you’re gonna be stuck with whatever I’m having.”

“You fucking asshole,” Dean says.

Sam takes a deep breath and then nods. “Okay, burgers it is.”
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
“You want to watch a movie?” Sam asks. It’s a peace offering of sorts, spoken in the hope that this—what is possibly their last evening together—can at least have some small spark of good in it. Dean’s flat glare as he nudges his burger around on the Styrofoam plate tells Sam it isn’t going to happen.

Sam lifts his own burger and takes a bite. In the hostile silence, the meat seems overcooked and tasteless. He swallows with difficulty and then gets up and looks through the DVDs. They’re mostly tasteless B horror flicks—the kind Dean always used to get a hoot out of—and a couple of Nicholson classics. Missouri’s advice, probably.

After a moment’s deliberation, Sam pops Batman into the DVD player and turns on the TV. Dean remains sullenly silent until the opening strains of music and then he grunts, “If you’re gonna put something on, at least fix the fucking reception.”

Sam slowly glances over his shoulder, not sure if Dean is fucking with him. But Dean looks genuinely cross, and he makes a sharp, ‘get on with it already’ gesture at Sam.

“The picture’s fine, man,” Sam says.

“What’re you, blind? It’s just a bunch of colored lines.”

Sam knew his brother’s eyesight had to have improved to keep up with his new speed, but this … this is verging on ridiculous.

“You can’t see the picture?” he probes.

“What are you, deaf as well as blind?”

Sam realizes that now isn’t a great time to tell Dean that the problem isn’t with the TV: it’s that his eyes have gotten too good—too fast—for the technology to work.

“Actually, my ear’s feeling better,” he says. “Thanks for asking.” His voice is biting with the fear that Dean will figure out what’s happening on his own if Sam lets him think about it long enough. Getting up again, he walks over and snaps off the TV. “And you’re right: the set’s broken.”

“You’re hurt? What’s wrong?”

Sam turns around and Dean is right up at the edge of the symbols on the floor, his face stern with worry. He’s pissed at Sam—has been pissed since he woke up—but the second there might be anything at all wrong with his precious little brother, Dean’s own feelings get shoved to the back. Unimportant.

It pisses Sam off and saddens him at the same time. He can’t do this anymore. Can’t handle Dean’s neurosis and hold off his own impending panic at the same time.

It’s getting late anyway. If Sam is really going to do this, then he has to leave soon. Good thing he cleaned himself up before burning the burgers in Charlie's battered frying pan.

“I’m fine,” he says dismissively, bringing his plate into the kitchen and setting it on the edge of the sink.

“Bullshit. Get over here and let me look.”

Sam ignores his brother and opens the pantry. He starts pulling out boxes—crackers, cereal, Ring Dings—and tossing them over onto Dean’s side of the cabin. Dean dodges the first few and then just stands there, looking from Sam to the growing litter of food and back again with dawning comprehension.

When Sam starts tossing bottled water—he doesn’t trust what comes out of the pipes, and apparently neither does Charlie—Dean snaps, “Where the fuck do you think you’re going?”

“I have some things to do, and no, we’re not talking about it. I should be back in a few days. If I’m not—if I’m not, then I’m sorry.”

“What the hell, dude?” Dean demands, eyes wide. “You’re freaking me out here.”

Sam glances around and spots the case of Gleipnir on the counter. Glass, he thinks, remembering the shattered shards stuck in Dean’s palms, and, he doesn’t need it anyway.

But Dean thinks he needs it, and Sam just can’t do that to his brother. He can’t take himself and the Gleipnir away from Dean at the same time. At this point, he’s pretty sure that Dean is worried enough about him that he won’t do anything stupid anyway. Not without knowing what happened to Sam first.

Walking over to the edge of the traps, he holds out the case. “Take it.”

“No,” Dean says. Scowling, he backs up.

Sam sighs. “I’m leaving either way, Dean. I don’t think you need it, remember?”

Dean hesitates a moment longer and then takes the case. “Don’t do this, Sam. Just—stay here, okay? Roll the TV over here, and I’ll fix it, and we can watch Batman, okay? Okay?”

Dean’s eyes are wide: green lightened to jade by desperation and fear. Sam meets his brother’s gaze and wants to kiss him. If this is the last time he’s ever going to see Dean, then he wants to do that much. His chest aches with how much he wants it. But he knows that if he moves close enough to kiss his brother, then he’s also going to be close enough for Dean to grab. Dean isn’t above yanking him across the line and sitting on him so that he can’t go anywhere.

And that would kill them both.

“I love you, Dean, okay?” Sam offers hoarsely. “I—I love you, and none of this is your fault.”

“Sammy, please,” Dean begs.

Sam bolts, sprinting for the door and wishing that he was deaf. Then he wouldn’t hear his brother’s shouts, alternating between angry and frantic. He slams the door behind him and realizes, quite suddenly, that he can’t leave yet. Squaring his jaw, he goes back to the shed and retrieves the paint. He’s more practiced at devil’s traps, but they’re ten times harder for him to complete than the ones meant to contain his brother. It hurts to finish each symbol, almost as if he’s leaving little pieces of himself behind in the paint.

When Sam does the first window—when his brother realizes what he’s painting there—Dean goes haywire. Sam can see his brother pacing the confines of the traps around the bed and bathroom through the windows as he paints. Dean’s shouts redouble both in volume and violence: threats and abuse that aren’t fueled by anger but by panic.

Sam does his best to ignore it, but between Dean and the pain wracking his body, he’s crying by the time he’s finished. With the sound of Dean’s shouts in his ears—get back here, you stupid shit—he tosses the near-empty paint can into the back of the pickup and climbs into the cab. A moment later, he pulls away in a spit of dust and rocks.

In the red burn of the setting sun, the paint smearing his hands looks like blood.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Sam heads into town first. He buys a rabbit at the pet store, listening calmly to the instructions on care and feeding and nodding when he’s supposed to. He even buys a bag of feed to go with the carry out cage. The clerk seems like a nice girl and he doesn’t want to upset her.

Making a circuit of the town’s hardware stores and groceries, he fills the bed of the pickup with firewood. Buys a shovel and some kerosene and some matches and puts them in the cab with him. Then he drives to the payphone Charlie told him about.

He fiddles with the cord for a few minutes, trying to build up his courage, and then decides to check his cell phone messages one last time. The first five are mostly incoherent shouting from Bobby. The next one is from Jo and makes Bobby’s messages look tame. Then there’s one from Ellen apologizing for Jo and telling Sam to stop this nonsense and come see them, that they’ll figure something out. Then a final message from Bobby. Sam is about to delete that without listening to it, but he catches the first few words and hesitates.

The man called him from Bela’s apartment.

“…that book you told me about,” Bobby is saying. “The Bible. I don’t know what line she fed you, Sam, but I’ve looked through it and there isn’t anything about a cure. The whole damned thing reads like a Jim Jones ad for Kool-Aid, if you know what I mean.”

There’s a huffing breath and then Bobby says gently, “Come on home, Sam. Let your brother have a few days of rest before the end. Don’t drag him around looking for something that isn’t there. We’ll see him out, and then we’ll figure out how to help you.”

Then there’s another pause, and this time when Bobby’s voice comes, Sam’s pretty sure that the man is crying. “Where did it all go wrong?” Bobby asks. “Just—when did everything get so far out of whack? I can’t wrap my head around it.” He pauses again, exhaling slowly, and then says simply, “Come home, son. I’ll be waiting.”

Sam erases the message and stands there staring at the payphone. Is that what he’s doing? Drinking the Kool-Aid? He drops his head forward and leans it against the cool metal in the dying light. Bela lied to him about the protection wards. Of course. He should have smacked her one with the butt of his gun and taken the book. Read it himself. He should have done a lot of things.

Hindsight, he thinks humorlessly, and dials Missouri.

“Hello, Sam,” she says immediately when she picks up the phone.

“Thanks for sending Charlie. He was—I don’t know what I would have done without him.” He hesitates for a second and then adds, “And tell him I’m sorry about the cabin. He’s going to have to repaint it.”

“He won’t mind none,” Missouri assures him. “And that isn’t what you called for, is it?”

“No. No, I’m—I’m about to do something incredibly stupid, but I don’t really have any other options.”

He pauses, maybe hoping for her to tell him that there are other options: to point him down some unseen path where things can go back to the way they were before Stanford, when he and Dean were normal. Then he laughs at himself silently. As if he and Dean were ever normal.

When Missouri doesn’t say anything, Sam clears his throat and continues, “I left Dean at the cabin. If things go right, I’ll be back there within four days, but if they don’t, I—” He draws up short and then admits, “I’ll still probably be back there, but it won’t be for anything good. Um. If you—will you be able to tell which it is? From where you are?”

“I think so.”

“Okay then. Okay. If I’m—if it’s wrong, then I need you to tell Bobby Singer what happened and tell him where the cabin is.” That will probably kill Dean as well, of course, but Sam’s pretty sure that Dean won’t survive him for very long anyway.

“If I’m okay, then I’ll need someone to let me in and Dean out.”

“You’re a good man, Samuel Winchester,” Missouri says with a hint of a smile in her voice. “Your brother too.”

Sam smiles slightly himself. “He thinks you hate him,” he says, remembering the conversation that he and Dean had after the incident with the poltergeist in Lawrence.

Missouri chuckles. “He just needs a stern hand every once in a while. Pulls him out of feeling so worthless to get a little riled up.”

Sam knows that. He’s seen Dean forget that he isn’t worthy, or good enough, or whatever he tells himself. In the middle of hunts, usually, when the adrenaline is flowing and he’s doing what he was trained to do—what he was born to do, if Sam wants to be honest. Anger will do it every time, as Missouri just pointed out. Sex … sometimes yes, sometimes no. Depends on the person, or the sex itself, or maybe just the phase of the moon.

“I’m gonna fix him,” Sam says.

He feels slightly foolish making the announcement, but Missouri just says, “I know you are, honey. He’ll fix you right back.”

Sam frowns. “I’m okay.”

“Oh, Sam,” Missouri says fondly. “Of course you are. Now you’d best get going if you’re gonna make your deadline.”

Sam lifts his eyes and the sky is that deep, purple color where dusk is just edging into night. Missouri's right: he's running out of time.

“Thank you. For everything.” It isn’t nearly enough, but Sam trusts her to hear everything he means. Everything he can’t put into words.

“You thank me by coming through this, boy.”

Missouri hangs up without saying it, but Sam must be a little psychic himself, because he hears her ‘good luck’ loud and clear.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
He gets Charlie’s truck stuck twice while driving off the road and deep into an uninhabited, untrailed patch of Olympic National Park. The first time he manages to free it on his own, but the second he has to chance another slap of power. The darkness surges up willfully and explodes outward in a rush that Sam is powerless to stop and can only channel. This far from Dean, forcing it back into place is easier than it has been for days, and moments later Sam is leaning on the back gate of the pickup and staring in horror at the burnt, ruined swath of land that stretches out before him.

The darkness chuckles at his dismay until it realizes that he can use the destruction as a kind of rudimentary road. Then it shuts up in a sulk. Sam marvels that he ever could have thought that cruel, cold voice was actually part of him. It sounds like him sometimes—speaks in his voice when it makes whispered suggestions and demands in his head—but it has the yellow-eyed demon written all over it.

I killed you once, you son of a bitch, he thinks at it. Twice should be a piece of cake.

All talk and no follow though, Sammy, the darkness whispers back. This time it’s his father’s voice: the only voice that the demon ever spoke to him with when it was alive. You and me, we’re gonna do great things together. 

“Fuck you,” Sam mutters, and pushes the pick up a little harder.

After about a mile, he leaves the destruction at a tangential path, driving carefully and with his brights on in order to avoid getting stuck again. He’s worried that park services will send someone to investigate the burn and he’d rather not be found naked in front of a bonfire when they do.

Finally, he finds the perfect spot: a natural clearing with trees high enough on all sides to block the sight of his fire but not so close that there’s any real danger of them catching. Enough of a clearing that some of the moon’s rays will reach his skin. He doesn’t need a full moon for the ritual—it just needs to be visible in the sky—but it’s close to full anyway tonight: hanging low and pregnant just above the treetops.

Backing the pickup into position, Sam tumbles the firewood out from the bed. When it’s all unloaded, he relatches the gate and moves the truck out of the way again.

The ground is soft enough that it only takes a few minutes to dig the fire pit, and then Sam tosses the shovel to one side and starts building the bonfire’s frame. When he’s done, he stacks the leftover wood off to one side: close enough that he’ll be able to feed the bonfire but far enough that it won’t catch accidentally.

There are more than enough loose leaves and twigs lying around to fill the bonfire’s center, and then all that’s left is to get it going. It’s cheating to use kerosene, but Sam doesn’t have time to coax the wood into a steady burn. Dousing everything thoroughly, he lights a match and tosses it into the frame’s center.

Sam waits until the fire is burning steadily and then heads back to the pickup, striping his shirt off as he goes. His shoes and socks go next, and then his pants. He stands next to the pickup’s cab, clad only in his boxers, and hesitates.

He isn’t really doing this, is he? This is fucking insane. All that he’s going to accomplish here is replacing one form of madness with another.

Except Sam doesn’t really believe that anymore. God help him, he likes Geri. He trusts it. And the wolf more than likes him, which is sort of embarrassing and a lot weird, and he’s doing this.

He’s doing it for Dean.

Sam slides his boxers off and stands there naked. He glances around once, half expecting someone to bound out from the wilderness and haul him downtown for public nudity, and then tosses them into the cab with the rest of his clothes. He pulls the rabbit out of the cage and cradles it against his chest. Its heart is beating too quickly, making him think of another rabbit: long dead from fear and given an abbreviated funeral by John Winchester’s boys.

Stroking its ears softly, he whispers, “Sorry, buddy. I’ll make it quick.”

The rabbit flicks an ear at Sam and he’s suddenly glad that he wasn’t paying attention when the store clerk told him what sex it was. He’s having enough trouble already. Funny, he’s easily killed half a dozen people—a hell of a lot more than that if you count the bodies the demons were wearing—and he’s balking now. Over a bunny rabbit.

Sam walks back over to the fire and kneels before it. Stray twigs and rocks poke his knees uncomfortably, and he shifts a bit before giving it up as useless. The moon is still overhead, but it kisses the branches on the other side of the clearing now, almost out of view.

Sam clears his throat and starts to speak.

He stumbles a few times—the language is heavy and unfamiliar on his tongue—but he always picks up the thread again. He went over these words too many times while looking for a loophole for Dean not to know them pretty much inside out. He has one moment of panic when he forgets the Old Norse word for ‘spirit’—the word that is switched out in the altered ritual for the name of the animal the berserker wants to call—and then he remembers his latest conversation with the wolf.

“And,” he breathes out, relieved. “Ek kalla and.”

This is the hard part. Sam looks down at the rabbit in his hands and it’s looking at the woods around them: twitching its nose and terrified of the fire, of Sam’s hands, of everything.

He brings the rabbit to his mouth, twists its head back, and bites down. It claws at him and it hurts, but Sam is more concerned with the sickening copper rush on his tongue. His stomach rebels against the warm flood of blood. His throat locks and he starts to gag. The rabbit’s struggles are already slowing; its hind legs kick in a disoriented, lazy manner.

Closing his eyes, Sam focuses on the sting of the scratches on his chest and forces his throat to work.

The blood is slick going down: both thinner and hotter than Sam thought it would be. He drinks until there’s no more flow and then drops the rabbit’s body and hunches forward, one hand going to press against his stomach where harsh, painful cramps are ripping through him.

I will not puke, I will not puke, he thinks desperately, clenching his jaw shut tightly enough that his muscles spasm in protest. Finally, the urge passes and the pains in his stomach lessen. He’s still nauseous, but he isn’t going to throw up if he opens his mouth.

“Ek gefa mik sal til andinum,” he rasps. “Bein, bloð, sarar moðanna. Ek kalla þik. ”

The fire explodes towards him, and even though he’s expecting it, Sam can’t help but flinch. The flame engulfs him, sinking inside of his soul and taking his measure: noting every strength and fault. He feels it hesitate as it scrapes across the darkness and has a moment of fear that he’ll be rejected before he even gets a chance to try fighting. Then the flame withdraws and is gone, roaring up and away and into the night.

Sam kneels with blood on his mouth and down his throat and in his stomach and shakes. That’s it, then. There’s no stopping now: no take backs or do overs. He’s in this until something comes for him.

Sam doesn’t expect anything to come tonight, of course, so he’s surprised when he senses a presence just outside the firelight. Then he realizes what part of him is doing the sensing and realizes that he should have expected something like this. He opens his mouth, readying to grab the power inside of him and thrust with it, and a woman’s voice comes smoothly out of the darkness, “I come in peace. Or something.”

Despite himself, Sam hesitates. “Why should I believe you?”

“Because you could blast me to pieces where you kneel and we both know it,” the woman’s voice replies easily.

“Fair enough,” he agrees. “Don’t get too close, though.”

The demon that moves into the firelight is wearing the body of a park ranger—probably the closest thing it could grab. It eyes him up and down and raises one eyebrow. “My, aren’t you a big boy?”

Sam remembers that he’s naked and is filled with the urge to run to the car for some clothes. He’s supposed to stay naked for as long as the ritual takes, though, so he makes himself sit where he is. He’s an adult and a Winchester. He can handle a little demon ribbing.

“What do I call you?” he asks.

She gives him a slow smile as she sits down next to him, toeing the rabbit’s body into the fire. “You can call me Ruby.”