Evil Twin - a Story
  by Delta Venus


I am in deep shit. I must make a terrible decision. I've been
going out with a wonderful girl named Tabitha. She has been
everything I ever wanted in a girlfriend, sweet, sexy, and just
plain fun to be around. She has an identical twin sister, Mary,
and that was my downfall. If I could only have told the two of
them apart, maybe I wouldn't be in such a horrible fix.


Mary played the cliche role of the evil twin, and tricked me
good. She pretended to be Tabitha, and seduced me. She also
recorded the whole thing on video. Since I have never slept with
Tabitha, and thought the interlude with Mary was our first time,
you can guess that the video would make for excellent blackmail
material. Good guess. If I knew anything, I knew that if Tabitha
saw that video, I was done. Cooked. Hit the road, Jack, and don't
you come back.


Mary took immediate advantage. She let me think I'd had a magical
moment with Tabitha for a day or two, then revealed her trickery,
and showed me the video. She let me know in no uncertain terms
that this meant I was now subservient to her. If I chose to do
anything to change our new relationship, Tabitha would see the
video, and that would be that. I was basicly a slave, and I was
to be treated as such.


Mary was very careful to contain her abuse to times when Tabitha
was not around, she didn't want our little secret revealed any
more than I did. Revelation would mean she wouldn't have me as a
plaything any more, and she loved using and abusing me too much
to have that happen. I could always end things, simply by letting
Tabitha know what had happened, but Mary knew I would never risk
doing that, which left her free to be as cruel as she wanted to
be, and that was pretty darn sadistic.


She never let me fuck her again. I got to look at her naked all
the time, but I wasn't allowed to touch. She constantly had me
jacking off, and would force me to eat my own cum after I
orgasmed. I had to cum in my own hands and suck up my semen from
them, or lick my freshly shot cream off her toes, or eat a plate
of food with my own special sauce on it, but her favorite thing
was to have me lie on my back, hang my legs up over my head,
letting my cock hang down towards my face, and then ejaculate
into my open mouth and all over my own face. She orgasmed several
times watching me give myself the full facial treatment.


The forced masturbation was only a small part of her abuse. She
was quite sadistic, as I already mentioned. She beat the holy
hell out of me! I got spanked as roughly as possible, bare ass
naked, with her hand, a hairbrush, a wooden spoon, anything that
she could swing real hard. My cheeks would be reddened for hours
after she had been whacking me, and I'd be aware of them for
days, feeling a heated glow. I also got whipped, pinched,
punched, and manhandled in various other ways. A riding crop put
welts on my thighs that wouldn't fade for weeks. My arms had
constant indian burns and bruises on them, and my nipples
regularly felt like someone had taken a fine grade sandpaper to
them. Mary was careful never to mark my face, or anywhere too
obvious, but she gave everywhere else on my body vicious
treatment.


She fucked with my head, too. Her abuse wasn't only physical, she
laid on a heaping dose of mental malice as well. I constantly
heard about what a worthless piece of shit I was, how only a
total asshole would have cheated on a nice girl like Tabitha, and
how sick I was to put up with all this abuse, I must really get
off on the kinky shit if I could stand everything that was being
done to me. Sadly, the abuse and kinky things did get me off. I
hated what Mary did to me, but I got off on it just the same. She
had to be right, I must be a sick, kinky fuck.


During all this, I still dated Tabitha. I was in love. I would
never make a move on her, though, because Mary told me if I ever
was anything more than a gentleman, that video was still around
to cause me grief. This would have gone on forever, I think,
except for one little mistake. Tabitha and I had gone
rollerskating, and she had taken a fall, and skinned the hell out
of her knee. The next day, I was over Mary's lap, getting a
wicked spanking, when I noticed her skirt riding up - and there
was that skinned knee! She saw me notice it, so the game was up.
The blackmail excuse is now long gone, and I have to decide.
There is no evil twin, they are both wicked bitches.


Do I really like the wicked things they do?

