To be precise, they'd first met almost exactly ten years ago. House and Wilson had been on a road trip, they'd met Chris in a bar, Chris had hit on Wilson, and both House and Wilson had ended up spending a couple of days staying at his place by the sea. They'd been like ships passing in the night, though, and Chris had certainly never expected to see Wilson again.

And then they'd met again three months ago, completely by accident, in the clinic at Princeton Plainsboro Teaching Hospital.

Chris had been passing through Princeton one afternoon. It had been a warm day and he'd taken off his jacket. He'd come off his motorcycle driving through an unfamiliar junction, when a car had come at him from a unexpected angle. He'd got up immediately and carried on traveling for a short while, but he'd rubbed his right arm raw against the tarmac, taking the skin off all the way up the arm. Soon it was hurting so much he didn't trust himself to drive all the way home. Someone told him that Princeton Plainsboro ran a free drop-in clinic. He figured he'd get patched up there, find a hotel in Princeton for the night while he recovered, and head on home the next day.

He'd been waiting nearly an hour in the clinic, and was feeling increasingly uncomfortable. His arm was throbbing, his hair was tangled and matted, his T-shirt scruffy and bloodstained, and he was starting to wonder if he'd made a mistake in coming here.

And just as he was on the verge of giving up and leaving, a man in a white coat striding briskly past suddenly stopped dead next to him. Chris looked up, and recognized him instantly.

"Holy fuck," Chris said, amazed. "If it isn't James Wilson."

"Yeah." Wilson put his head on one side and regarded Chris with astonishment. "My word. It's been a long time."

"Yeah." Chris looked him up and down. Pretty boy, large surprised brown eyes, tall, although a little shorter than Chris was. Ten years older than when Chris had last seen him, but just as cute as he had ever had been. He was wearing a slightly dorkish sweater vest and a rather regrettable tie, which somehow only enhanced the charm.

"You're a proper grown up doctor now, are you?" Chris asked.

"Yes, I work here. And what on earth are you doing here?" Wilson's gaze fell on Chris's arm. "You've hurt your arm?"

"Came off my bike," Chris said gruffly, trying not to hold it too stiffly.

Wilson's eyes dissolved with concern. "You should've gone to the ER."

"I thought I was OK. I am OK. It's just a scrape. Hey, any chance of bumping me up the line?" Chris asked hopefully. "I've been waiting an hour."

Wilson glanced at his watch. "I've got a few minutes, I'll look at it. Give me a sec." He looked at Chris. A corner of his mouth twisted upwards. "Remind me what your name is."

Chris told him, and watched as Wilson strode up to the nurse's station, had a word with a stern looking nurse with a sharp nose, then rifled through a pile of files. He extracted one, turned and nodded at Chris. Chris stood up, and followed Wilson down a corridor to an empty exam room.

Inside, Chris sat down on the table and took off his leather jacket. Wilson took one look at the raw red skin running up to his shoulder, and said, "And the T-shirt."

Chris pulled the black T-shirt off over his head, trying not to wince as he moved his arm. He watched Wilson's eyes move professionally over his arm, then not so professionally over his torso; Chris worked out, and his body was taut and muscular, his stomach firm and flat. Chris caught Wilson's eye and smiled; Wilson smiled back, then dropped his eyes and turned his full attention to Chris's arm.

God, the chemistry was still there, Chris thought wonderingly. Wilson tutted, told him again he should have gone to the ER, and cleaned his arm. He felt Wilson's fingers move gently over his skin, probing for any damage. Wilson's touch was light, but it tingled and burned, and not just because of Chris's injury. Chris looked at Wilson out of the corner of his eye; the doctor in the white coat ostensibly just doing his job, yet those big brown eyes somehow telling a different story. Chris shivered a little, and knew if it wasn't for the stabbing pain all the way up to his shoulder, he would have definitely had a erection by now. From the look in Wilson's eye, he rather thought the doctor was already in that position, although the white coat masked any evidence of it.

"No broken bones, no deep cuts, you were lucky," Wilson said eventually. "Is it just your arm? You didn't hit your head? Or hurt yourself anywhere else?"

"No," Chris assured him, and looked at him archly. "Although I'll take my pants off if you want to check."

Wilson looked down. Chris was wearing black leather biker's pants that fit snugly. Chris was pleased to see Wilson smile broadly. "That won't be necessary. And patients shouldn't hit on their doctors."

"Then doctors shouldn't look at their patients like that," Chris replied without hesitation.

"I'm not—" Wilson started to say, then stopped and laughed. "I'll dress your arm. You shouldn't really ride your bike for a bit, try and give your arm a rest. Are you going far? Do you still live down by the coast?"

"Yeah. Same place, you'll remember it. But I thought I'd stop in a hotel in Princeton for tonight, go home tomorrow instead."

"Good idea." Wilson dressed Chris's arm and wrote him a prescription for painkillers.

As Chris took the piece of paper, his fingertips brushed Wilson's palm in a deliberate manner. Wilson didn't pull his hand away, but lingered slightly, and Chris felt Wilson's own thumb glide over the back of his hand, ever so lightly.

Chris said casually, "Want to go get a coffee or something, catch up?"

"I'm afraid you've already made me late for my rounds," Wilson said, his tone regretful. He hesitated, then went on, "If you're staying in Princeton this evening, we could do dinner perhaps, if you don't have other plans?"

"Now I'm sure doctors aren't supposed to invite their patients out for dinner," Chris said with a smile and a tilt of his head.

"Absolutely not," Wilson agreed with a solemn look and a tilt of the head back. "But you won't be my patient after this. I've just patched you up, you'll go home and see your own doctor, right?"

"Right. Dinner would be good." Chris grinned and met Wilson's eye. "You're the local. Let me know when and where."

Wilson considered for a moment, then suggested an Italian restaurant on the other side of town, eight o'clock. Chris absorbed directions, and agreed.

Chris got his prescription from the hospital pharmacy and left the hospital, riding his motorcycle awkwardly but carefully. He found where the Italian was first, and then checked into the nearest hotel, where he crashed for the next few hours, let the painkillers kick in, and mused on how strange it was to run into James Wilson again.

He got up in the evening, showered, changed, and turned up at the restaurant a few minutes after eight. He thought it was probably fifty-fifty whether Wilson would show or not. Wilson was clearly a successful established doctor, working at a good hospital. No particular reason he'd want to hook up with someone he'd had a brief fling with ten years ago. He had probably just been being polite earlier; he'd think it over and perhaps decide it was best not to show.

But Wilson was there already, sitting at a table. He'd lost the white coat, of course, and the sweater vest, but was still wearing his work shirt and tie. It was warm in the restaurant, and he'd rolled up his sleeves and loosened his tie. Chris's eye was immediately drawn to Wilson's forearms and neck. He could see the tiniest glimpse of chest hair peeking out from the shirt collar.

"Hey," Chris said, dropping into the chair opposite. Wilson's brown eyes flicked over him. Chris leaned back confidently, knowing he looked a lot better than he had done that afternoon after an hour waiting in that clinic. His hair was now clean and combed. He was wearing a casual shirt with several buttons undone at the neck; it hung loosely on him and hid the heavy dressing on his arm.

"Hey. How's your arm?" Wilson asked immediately.

"Much better, thanks." Chris smiled warmly at Wilson, and Wilson smiled warmly back.

They slipped into conversation as readily as they had clicked ten years before. The food was good, the wine Chris picked out was very good, the restaurant was peaceful and candlelit, and altogether it was quite the most pleasant evening Chris could recall having in a long time.

They talked mostly about work through antipasti and the main course. Chris explained to Wilson how he still owned the bar, club and restaurant Wilson had visited ten years ago; how he'd expanded over time, and now ran a string of such establishments up the coast. Recently he'd started a part-time MBA up at Rutgers, having decided after running his own businesses for many years that it would be interesting to learn how much of the theory he'd been putting into practice without knowing it. He drove up for classes every week or so and usually stayed a couple of nights. This time he'd been driving back via Princeton, en route to visit one of his bars.

"And what about you?" Chris asked, twirling spaghetti round his fork. "You were a resident in Boston when we met before, weren't you?"

"That's right. Lot of water under the bridge since then." Wilson outlined various moves up the medical profession career ladder, including being employed as an attending at Princeton Plainsboro a few years ago, and concluding with how he'd been made Head of Oncology just a few months before.

"Congratulations." Chris was impressed. Head of Oncology sounded like quite an achievement. Chris wasn't absolutely sure how old Wilson was, but he couldn't be any older than his late thirties. And being naturally baby-faced, he looked even younger than that.

Dessert arrived, and as Chris dug his spoon into his ice cream, he was emboldened enough to move on from the work arena into more personal matters.

"I seem to remember you were married when we met before," Chris probed carefully.

"Yeah." Wilson shook his head. "Bonnie. Well, that didn't work out."

"I figured." Chris had noticed the lack of wedding ring. "And... how's House these days?"

"Oh, he's still very much around," Wilson said immediately, and then his face fell. He took a mouthful of cheesecake and went on slowly, "He works with me at Princeton Plainsboro. A lot's happened to him over the last ten years too."

Haltingly, Wilson told Chris about how House had suffered a blood clot in his leg some two years ago now, and the resulting infarction had left him crippled, in constant chronic pain, dependant on painkilling drugs, and walking with a cane. Wilson didn't go into an awful lot of detail, but Chris gleaned without difficulty that the whole experience had been extremely traumatic for Wilson too. He could see Wilson visibly hurting through the recollection.

"And his girlfriend left him, too," Wilson concluded. "They'd been together five years, lived together. She took six months of crap from him afterwards, and just couldn't take it any more." He sighed. "He's still not over her. Doesn't seem like he ever will be."

"I can't actually imagine House being crippled," Chris said, after a pause. "I remember him swimming— running—" fucking you from behind while you were fucking me. "Riding my Harley."

"House hasn't ridden a motorcycle since the infarction," Wilson said flatly. "He sold his own right afterwards, when he was still in a wheelchair and we thought he might not get out of it."

Chris was silent. There didn't seem to be much to say. They ordered coffee.

As the coffee arrived, Wilson asked the question he had clearly been psyching himself up to ask: "So... how's Edward?"

Chris had known Wilson would ask this, had tried to prepare himself to talk about it, but it was still like being kicked in the gut all over again. He took a gulp of coffee and got the worst of it over with quickly.

"Edward's dead, he died two years ago."

"He's dead?" Wilson asked, horrified.

"He was riding pillion with me. A car turned the wrong way out of a side street in front of us. I braked hard, he fell off to one side, right underneath a truck," Chris recited swiftly. "He was killed on the spot. I walked away without a scratch." He swallowed. "I didn't ride my bike for about a year afterwards either... been trying to get back into it recently. I don't carry passengers any more, though."

Wilson's brown eyes were deep pools of compassion and concern. He reached across the table and took Chris's hand. Chris found himself with a large lump in his throat and looked away. Damn, he hadn't gotten this upset for ages. Must be the wine.

They sat like that for a few minutes while Chris gradually regained his composure. Eventually he looked back at Wilson. Wilson had his eyes down and was stroking Chris's wrist gently with his thumb; Chris found this strangely comforting.

After they left the restaurant, they went back to Chris's hotel room together without even discussing it.

They were onto each other as soon as the door closed behind them, attacking each others' mouths, tugging desperately at the other's clothes. Equally hot and horny for the other. Each trying to blot out his own lonely void with passion and sexual thrill.

And by God it worked. Wilson took charge, in a gentle way; pushing Chris to sit down on the edge of the bed, taking Chris's cock, already swollen, in his mouth. Chris leaned back on his hands and groaned at the sensation of Wilson's mouth lapping, sucking, sliding back and forth; bringing him to the point of climax in no time at all, then pulling back, making him wait.

"Don't tease me," Chris growled, his breathing ragged. His memories of Wilson ten years ago were returning with a vengeance. No House this time, but James Wilson was just as much of a turn-on as ever.

"Wouldn't dream of it," Wilson breathed back. He was now rolling on a condom, which he'd taken out of his wallet. "Got anything slippery to hand?"

"Funnily enough, I didn't think I was coming to Princeton to get laid," Chris retorted, glancing sideways at the nightstand. He did have moisturizer. He shoved aside the thought that that small bottle had cost forty bucks, reached for it, and handed it to Wilson.

"Turn round," Wilson said, uncapping the bottle.

Chris turned around, dropping to his knees on the floor and leaning against the bed. He shut his eyes and let himself just feel, Wilson's fingers probing his ass. His cock began to jerk and jump of its own accord. Oh yes, there was Wilson's cock, hard, thrusting, pushing up inside him until Chris felt ready to burst, and then he felt Wilson's hand reaching round, on his cock now, and Chris exploded in a burst of ecstasy. Wilson finished bringing him off, then thrust very firmly up inside Chris one more time; Chris felt his ass clenching and shuddering as Wilson came with a strangled gasp.

They stayed locked together for a few minutes, Wilson's head resting on Chris's back. Then Wilson pulled out as gently as possible, Chris still gritting his teeth as he did so, and the two of them struggled up onto the bed and lay down.

As he drifted off to sleep, Wilson curled up beside him, Chris wondered if Wilson would be there when he woke up the following morning. Perhaps not. Perhaps it would just be another fleeting encounter to add to the one ten years ago.

Wilson was not only there in the morning, but stayed to shower and breakfast with Chris at the hotel before leaving for work. And having ascertained that it was not much trouble for Chris to detour via Princeton on his way to Rutgers again next week, they fixed another date for a week's time.

The last thing Chris said before Wilson left was, "Do you prefer being called James? Or Wilson? I think of you as Wilson because that's what House always called you."

Wilson smiled. "I'll answer to either. Using surnames is a doctor thing. I've been Wilson to almost everyone since I was a med student. House calls me Jimmy sometimes, if he's after something."

"So who calls you James?" Chris was curious.

Wilson considered. "My parents. My brother. My ex-wives. And girlfriends."

Chris had no wish to be bracketed with them. "Wilson it is then."

"Fine." Wilson smiled again, and left.