TV with Teddy
by Emi Tsuruta

The weather had turned warm in Oceanview, California, so up in my room, I packed away all my sweaters and coats, and got out my warm weather clothes. I had miniskirts—pink chiffon or scruffy blue denim— and halter tops—colorful beaded or wispy white cotton. The one thing I was missing was a decent summer nightie.

I did have a couple pairs of long-sleeved boy-style pajamas and my baby-doll, which I guess is like a nightie. It was kind of see-through, so I was worried that Loretta, my host mom, might freak if she saw me roaming their halls in it. Her 20-year-old son, Brandon, would probably love it though. He's cute, and still fairly pure. It's fun to tease him, but anyway, I was trying to be a good girl at the time... at home at least. I could horse around outside, but I tried to be more careful around my host family.

Early in the spring, to bed, I mostly wore the p.j.'s, but as summer drew near, I began to get restless. I would put up with the p.j.'s in the evening, but usually by morning, I'd wake up to find that I'd pulled off the bottoms. I looked pretty scandalous with my black bush and pink pussy showing. It felt funny to be naked. I don't remember taking my bottoms off, but I guess I did while I slept—sort of like sleepwalking, except more like sleep-stripping in this case.

As long as the weather was cool, I'd sleep with my door closed, so my host family wouldn't see me naked, but sometimes I'd wake up thirsty, and have to root around for my p.j. bottoms before going out into the hall. It seemed unnecessary because my host family were all asleep anyway, but like I said I was trying to be good. A few times, in the middle of the night, I dashed across the hall to the bathroom bottomless, just for the thrill. Kind of nerve-wracking, but I didn't get caught at first.

One morning, I woke up early. I had my p.j.'s on, top and bottoms. I started up the computer, and messaged a few people, but soon it was time to get ready for class at Oceanview U. I heard Loretta call up the stairs that she and her kids were leaving, and then the house went quiet. I went down, and had some breakfast, but I still felt sleepy. I ended up coming back upstairs, and going back to bed. Ah well. I can always get the notes from Satomi later.

When I woke up again, it was almost noon. I peeled off my p.j.'s, and had a shower, happy to have the house to myself. I scampered back naked to my room, toweled off, and clipped on my good luck necklace. It has a locket with a picture in it, me and Ryosuke, my boyfriend at the time. Whenever I wear it, nothing bad ever seems to happen to me. It's almost like magic.

Looking in the mirror, I brushed down my pubic hair, still wet from the shower. I hadn't been out in the sun much, so my skin was creamy white. The only dark spots on my body were my pinkish red nipples and the shock of black pubic hair between my legs. I'd been swimming a lot, so I was in pretty good shape. I gave my breasts a little squeeze. I lowered my hand, dabbing at my hello kitty for a moment, but I felt a bit guilty for skipping off school to... what? ...play with myself?

I didn't want to get dressed though, so I picked up my teddy bear—Teddy I call him—and a soft pink towelket off my bed. Teddy is soft, brown and furry with a big head, googly eyes and a cute puppy-dog snout. He doesn't wear a shirt. He doesn't even have a mouth. He does keep me company though. I slid my feet into my fluffy white slippers, and then headed downstairs, still buck naked.

As I neared the foot of the stairs, I hid my bush with the blanket as I peered out the big front window trying to see if anyone was outside. It was a little bit scary, but I couldn't see anyone on the street. I tossed Teddy and the towelket down onto the sofa, and scampered off to the kitchen to get something to eat. It was actually pretty fun, flitting around the house naked, not having to worry about my host family for once.

Coming back out to the living room, I set my plate down on the coffee table, spread the towelket out on the sofa, and sat down next to Teddy. I grabbed the remote, and turned on the TV. The two of us sat there—Teddy was naked too—flipping through the channels looking for something to watch. I finally found a movie with Chris Hemsworth. Ooo! He's kind of hunky. I settled back, and slowly nibbled away at the onigiri (rice ball) I'd made. My fingers got a bit wet from the sweet sushi vinegar. I looked around again, and then started dabbing at my kitty. Teddy could see me, but I don't think anyone else knew.

Soon, the phone rang. I peered out the window, but still couldn't see anyone. I left the blanket where it was, and wandered over—naked—to answer the phone.

"Hello."

"Emi? Oh you're home! You didn't show up for class, so I wondered..." It was Satomi, my classmate and best friend.

"Oh, right. I felt a bit zonked this morning, so I decided to stay home."

"Is there anything you need?" Satomi asked. "I could drop by a bit later, and bring you some food." This image popped into my heard of Satomi showing up, and me answering the door naked. She'd probably freak. She always overreacts whenever I lounge around naked.

"No, no, that's alright. I'm fine. I went shopping the other day, so I have food." It was nice to hear from Satomi, but I probably shouldn't keep standing here by the huge front window.

"Oh, d'you know who I saw the other day?" Satomi went on. "D'you remember that Craig guy from Asuna's place? I saw him downtown."

I remembered him alright. He was a boyfriend of Sandra, Asuna's roommate. He caught me coming out of their shower one time, and we'd had a few run-ins after that. He was a bit of a bad boy, but there was something about him... I knew I shouldn't, but I did find him kind of intriguing.

"That's great, Satomi, but I'd better go...,"

"Oh, you poor dear. Are you sure you're OK?"

"Yeah, yeah, I'm fine," I told her. I didn't feel fine though. I felt embarrassed, turned on. What? At the thought of Craig? What am I thinking? He already has a girlfriend.

Satomi eventually let me go. I hung up the phone, took another look outside, and then scampered back to the sofa. That was a bit silly, answering the phone naked like that. I don't think anyone saw me, but even so… I should be more careful.

I went back to watching TV. It was nice of Satomi to phone, but why did she have to mention Craig? I'd been trying to forget him. I don't even like bad boys.

I ended up going back to the kitchen, and made some popcorn. I thought of fetching my apron, but didn't bother. Anyway, it was fun cooking in the nude.

Once the popcorn was ready, I took it back to the living room, and settled back down. My fingers got all buttery from the popcorn. I reached down, and smeared the butter on my you know where. Mmm. Nice and slippery. Delish!

Unfortunately, before long, the phone rang again. Thinking it was Satomi, I jumped to my feet, and ran to get it.

"Hello? Hello?" I couldn't hear anything. Bad connection? Finally, someone spoke.

"Good afternoon. Is Mrs. Hendrickson there?"

Oh. They are asking for Loretta, my host mom.

"No, I'm afraid she's not in right now. Can I take a message?"

"I'm calling on behalf of a consumer research group. We're carrying out a little survey." The voice sounded odd... out of breath. And how did they know Loretta's last name? Worried, I peered out the window. I still couldn't see anyone, but then why...?

"Um, anyway, maybe you'd better phone back later," I told them, worried they could see me somehow.

"Oh, no. That's alright. You can answer just as well, Miss...?"

"No really. I don't think I could help. Call back after six."

"Um, alright. Thanks for... uh... Thanks." That was strange too. What on earth were they thanking me for? I covered my pussy with my free hand, and checked out front again. There didn't seem to be anyone on the street, but maybe someone in their house could see me from their window. I hung up, and darted back to the sofa. I was a bit worried I'd been caught, but I tried not to think about it, and settled back in to focus on the program.

"What's happening?" I asked Teddy, but he just stared at the TV, engrossed in the movie I guess. I wonder if Teddy gets these urges. I pulled him over, and threaded his leg between mine, rubbing my pussy against his leg, seeing if I could get a reaction out of him. His expression didn't change. Playing it cool, are we, Teddy? Most guys would love to be you right now.

Soon, the phone rang again. My, I'm getting a lot of calls today. Worried about being seen, I left it, but it kept ringing, so eventually, I got up, and answered. It was Yuuki, the girl who works at the mall. At least it wasn't that weird researcher guy again. Yuuki had heard from Satomi that I was home sick, and offered to come by to take care of me.

"I'm fine. Don't worry. It's nothing," I told her. Yuuki is sweet, a year or two younger than me, but quite self-confident for her age. She's a bit of a strange girl, quite curious about me. I guess I had shown her a bit of my kinkier side. She's maybe not that wild herself, but she did seem fascinated by how I could do these things.

"I'm just getting off work. It's on my way home," she chirped. I'd been enjoying being home alone, but apparently, Satomi had asked Yuuki to look in on me, so I couldn't really say no. They both mean well.

I gazed out the window, wondering if I should go get dressed before she came. The mall was a bit of a ways from my house, but from the sound of her call, she was already on the bus. I kind of wanted to see the rest of the movie. There was some kind of romance between Chris and Natalie Portman, and I was curious how it would turn out. I sat poised on the edge of the sofa watching and waiting.

Then out the window, I caught a glimpse of Takuya out front. Takuya is this tall guy from Osaka with glasses, a joker, who was staying in Satomi's dorm over the summer. Oh shoot! I didn't realize Yuuki was bringing him. I wasn't sure what the deal was with Takuya and Yuuki, but they hang around together a lot. I think Yuuki likes her boss, Mr. Kishitani, so maybe Takuya is just a friend.

I sprang to my feet, but then the doorbell rang! I drew back the curtain, and peeked out. Yuuki was right here—already!—with Takuya and his friend Hiro further back, coming up the drive. Hiro is short and cute, a fast talker. He and Takuya are friends.

Oh my god! Now what do I do? I was naked, but I shouldn't just leave Yuuki standing here at the door. I hastily undid the lock, and opened the door just a crack. The breeze felt cool on my naked skin. Peeking out, I whispered,

"Yuuki! I'm not decent. Can you keep the boys downstairs for a minute while I go get dressed?"

She blinked at me, and cocked her head to the side. She peered in at me through the crack, with her wide cat eyes, wondering I guess why I wasn't decent.

"Please Yuuki! I beg you. Keep them downstairs, alright? I'll come down once I've cleaned up," I whispered, not wanting the boys to hear. She didn't answer, and the boys were getting awfully close, so I finally just turned, and ran upstairs, leaving the door ajar.

"Where's Emi?" I heard Takuya ask.

"Um, she went upstairs," Yuuki explained. "You guys wait down here. I'll go see what's going on."

I made it into my room, and closed the door, but I was all excited now, too horny to think straight. I actually know Takuya and Hiro fairly well because they are living in Satomi's dorm. They zeroed in on me the first time I met them, and had caught me in compromising positions a few times since. I knew I should try to get my feelings in check, but I was still kind of excited from playing with myself all morning.

Yuuki came upstairs, and pushed the door open, peering in at me.

"What on earth are you doing?" she gasped.

"I was just watching some TV."

"No, I mean why are you naked?"

"Shhh! Keep your voice down. They'll hear!"

The whole house had gone quiet. The boys must be listening.

"Here, anyway, put some clothes on."

"I didn't expect you to bring the boys. I haven't showered or anything."

"Well, whatever you do, hurry up," she gestured.

To tell you the truth, I was so confused. I hadn't expected any of this.

"What's going on?" Takuya called up the stairs.

"I don't know. She's naked for some reason," Yuuki told them! Of all the crazy…?

"Shhh! Don't tell them that!" I whispered. I scanned around, and finally found my shower kit, and dashed across to the bathroom.

It went awfully quiet, but I could hear the boys coming up the stairs. Oh oh. This isn't good. I didn't even bring a towel or clothes to change into. I leaned up against the bathroom door, holding it shut, but soon, they were right there knocking.

"Open up, Emi! Come out! Let us see!"

"Yuuki! I told you not to tell them!" I yelled.

"Sorry," she giggled. Takuya and Hiro had seen me naked before, and I guess they'd told Yuuki about it. Maybe she thought I was cool with showing them!

"Come on, Emi. Open up!" Takuya demanded. The trouble with young guys is they tend to get all worked up when they find out I'm naked. It's kind of hard to keep things under control if you know what I mean!

"No way! Go back downstairs. I have to get ready."

"I didn't get to see," Hiro whined.

"Oh, come on, Emi! Give us a chance," Takuya called through the door. "Tell you what. Hiro and I will go back downstairs, but you come out as far as you dare, OK? We'll make it like a race."

"What kind of a deal is that?" I sniffed. I looked down at my naked body. My breasts had swollen up, and I smelled of sex. Oh god, I hope they can't tell how horny all this is making me.

"Oh, come on, Emi. It'll be fun."

Finally, Yuuki weighed in,

"Emi, listen. I think I know a way this could work. I'll take them downstairs, and then call out when we're all in the living room."

"Not you too, Yuuki," I squealed. They were all ganging up on me!

"Don't worry. I'll make sure they don't cheat. I promise."

I knew from the start that this was a bad idea. I hadn't meant for any of them to see me naked. I swear. Maybe though if I agree, at least it'll buy me some time to think, maybe grab a towel or something.

"OK, but no peeking."

"OK, I'm taking them downstairs now," Yuuki called out. I listened. It did sound like they were heading downstairs. Soon, I heard Yuuki call up from below.

"OK. We're downstairs. You can come out now."

I wanted to trust Yuuki, but the truth was I didn't know her all that well. She was acting all weird too, almost as if she was enjoying seeing me squirm. Was she a lesbian? She claims that she loves Mr. Kishitani, but who knows? Anyway, I shouldn't overthink all this. Yuuki had been a good friend so far. I can probably count on her not to do anything too crazy.

I let go of the door, nipped into the shower, and quickly washed off my body with soap. When I got out, my skin was shining from the water, making me look sexier than ever.

I slowly opened the door, and peeked out. From the sound of things, the three of them were still downstairs! Thank you, Yuuki. Cautiously, I tiptoed out into the hall. It felt so weird coming out into the hall naked, knowing they were down there waiting!

"Where are you?" I called down the stairs.

"I have them herded in here by the sofa," Yuuki assured me.

"Come out to the top of the stairs!" Hiro shouted.

"Yuuki?" I asked if it was safe.

"Yeah, it's OK. I've got them."

This was such a strange situation really. It didn't make any sense. I mean my body looks good. I wasn't worried about that, but why was I doing any of this in the first place? It seemed kind of crazy. Reluctantly, I padded over to the top of the stairs.

"OK, I'm here," I called out.

"Come down a few steps, so we can see you," Takuya suggested. I cupped my breasts, fighting off an orgasm. One step after another, I moved down the stairs. I couldn't see the boys, but I could hear them breathing. I wasn't sure how far I should go, but then Hiro suddenly called out,

"Go!"

I think they'd broken free from Yuuki, and were bolting this way! I spun, and ran back up the stairs to my room. I slammed the door shut behind me, and held it.

"Hey, no fair!" Takuya complained. "You ran back before we could see!"

"Ha ha ha. You'll never catch me!" I teased. I could hear them whispering, and then Takuya suggested,

"OK, how about this? We'll go out into the backyard. You come all the way down the stairs, and then we get Yuuki to tell us when to start."

That made even less sense than their first suggestion. Why would I do something like that? Yuuki piped up again,

"It'll be OK. I'll make sure they're outside before I call you."

I glanced over at my reflection in the mirror. I look hot, my pubic hair wet and tousled, my breasts rising and falling as I breathe. Still, this is crazy.

"Alright," I finally let slip. I don't know why I was doing all this, but somehow, I'd gotten caught up in the thrill of the moment. It was pretty daring, naughty.

I heard footfalls, a door shut, and then silence. Slowly, I tiptoed out into the hall peering down the stairs.

"Yuuki, are you there?" I called down the stairs.

It was awfully quiet. I slowly edged closer, trying to see where she was. Eventually, I heard her come out of the kitchen laughing. "What?"

"I locked them out."

"You didn't!"

"Yeah, I did. Come see."

I thought of getting some clothes, but maybe that would break the rules of whatever game this was we are playing. Still naked, I softly padded down the stairs again, nervously eyeing the front window. Yuuki motioned for me to come over to the kitchen door. I tiptoed over, heart all aflutter, and opened it a crack, peeking round the edge. Sure enough, the two guys were out on our back porch, banging on the locked door.

"Come on, Yuuki. Let us in," I could hear Takuya crying through the glass. I laughed. It was pretty funny.

"It serves you right!" I yelled at them, sticking my arm in, and waving my fist. Yuuki laughed too, her eyes dancing. She seemed pretty amazed at my daring. I could barely believe it myself!

"Here, can you take a picture?" I asked. I glanced around for my smartphone, but it was upstairs, so I ran back up to get it. It was so weird wandering around my house naked with Yuuki and them all here.

"We can use mine!" Yuuki called after me, but I found my phone, and came back down. I don't know why I was so excited, but I was. It was so fun tempting fate like this.

I handed my phone to Yuuki, and stood in front of the kitchen door. I opened the door a bit, so Yuuki would be able to get Takuya and Hiro into the shot, but she motioned for me to open it more.

"Here, if you can do better, you strip, and I'll take a picture of you naked," I teased. She opened her mouth wide in mock shock, and we both laughed. I suddenly realized that there was someone out on the street, so I motioned for her to hurry up.

"Oh god! What time is it?" I cried out. "If it's 4 o'clock, that's probably Brandon or Jennifer." I had to hide somewhere. I couldn't go into the kitchen though, because Takuya and Hiro were there.

"Check to see who it is," I ordered Yuuki, as I tried to think.

"Brandon," she whispered back. That wasn't good! Can you imagine if Brandon came in here, and found me naked with Takuya and Hiro out back? He'd never understand.

There was one other way out. There was a side door under the stairs which leads out into our garage. The garage is cold. The floor was concrete, but I didn't have any choice. I hastily undid the lock on the side door, and peeked out. Luckily, the garage door was shut.

"Cover for me!" I told Yuuki.

"How?" she squealed.

"I don't know. Make something up."

I went into the garage, and shut the door, shivering from the cold of the pavement on my bare feet. I could kind of hear their voices through the door. It sounded like Yuuki was having a hard time explaining what she and the boys were doing in the house without me. I guess Brandon had met Yuuki at the mall once or twice, but he didn't know her well.

Brandon's voice came this way! I started to panic. I guess I could open the automatic garage door, and then what? Dash out onto our front yard, then up to the porch, and hope the front door is open? That sounded like a horrible plan. Our neighbors would see me.

Eventually, Brandon's voice died down. Yuuki came, and opened the side door to let me back in.

"Where's Brandon?" I whispered.

"Upstairs in his room I think."

"Could you go get me something to wear? A dress or something?"

"From the mall?" she squealed.

"No, from my room upstairs, silly!"

"What about Takuya and Hiro?" she asked.

"What about them? I can't let them in! I'm naked!"

"Oh yeah, right." Yuuki was acting so weird. I guess she was all excited too. "But what about the race?"

"I can't race with Brandon here," I balked.

"Oh," she breathed. "I thought you too were…"

"A couple? No. He's like my kid brother. He's a brat."

"I don't know. He's kind of cute," she smirked.

"Yuuki! Go get me some clothes," I hissed. Eventually, I got through to her, and she disappeared off upstairs. Takuya and Hiro were still kicking up a royal fuss out back. I crept out to the kitchen door, and motioned for them to shush. I let them see my naked shoulder and arm, but tried to keep my breasts hidden behind the door. I was so excited though it was hard to keep my balance.

"Oh come on, Emi! Let us back in!" Takuya begged. I mulled this over, but soon, I had a more serious problem. Out the front window, I caught a glimpse of someone else on the street looking in. I covered my breasts and pussy, and took a few steps closer to the window, trying to see who it was. It turned out to be Carter's father. They live across the way, a few doors down, but he'd come out of his house to get a better look at me. Had he seen me earlier? Was he the one who'd phoned? Shoot! I should have known something like this might happen.

I came back to the side door, trying to hide from him. Carter's dad was definitely watching. He must be wondering what I'm doing standing here naked. How do I get myself into this situations?

Yuuki finally came back carrying a beige and green floral crop top and mini-skirt.

"These are cute," she smiled, throwing them to me. I quickly pulled on the skirt, glad to have some cover at last.

"Emi! Are you home?" Brandon called from upstairs. I rushed to pull on the top, just barely getting it on before he came down.

"Yeah, I am," I blushed.

"What are your friends doing out back?" he asked. I still didn't have any underwear, but I signaled for Yuuki to let Takuya and Hiro in.

"Oh I don't know. They just showed up out of the blue."

Brandon seemed baffled, but luckily, he kind of got distracted when Takuya and Hiro came in. I edged around past him, hoping to run upstairs, and grab some undies. This skirt was such light material it flared out as I twirled. It's quite possible that Brandon saw my bare bottom, but hopefully, Takuya and Hiro did not. I made it to my room, my heart beating pitter-pat. I quickly grabbed some panties, and dashed across to the bathroom to wash up.

Once I was all clean, I pulled on my panties. I looked at myself in the mirror. This is kind of a sexy outfit, and I was still blushing, but I did my best to collect myself, and go back down to face them all. Brandon looked kind of shocked, but I just ignored him. Takuya and Hiro looked like they wanted to say something, but thankfully, kept mum. Yuuki was giggling away.

Eventually, Yuuki dragged Takuya and Hiro off, so the 'sick girl'—oh, that's me—could get some rest. A weird day, but quite the experience.

Emi Tsuruta
