Madison
by Demonhead
Copyright© 2021 by Demonhead

Chapter 17: Daddy Comes Home

Madison opened her eyes and for a second she did not know where she was. She stayed still as her mind slowly cleared. She remembered last night and what happened in this bed with Katie and Mr. Thompson. He was not here but she heard the shower. She was laying with her back against Katie. Katie’s hand was holding her breast. She felt warm and safe. She held onto Katie’s arm and took a deep breath.

“Good morning, sweetheart.” She heard Katie’s voice.

“Good morning, Katie.” She said.

“How are you?” Katie said.

“I am good, can we stay like this all day?” Madison said and she heard Katie chuckle.

“I would love that, but you probably need to go to school.” Katie said.

“Oh yeah, that. I guess so but can we lay here for a little while longer?” She said.

“Absolutely, sweetie.” Katie said and hugged the young girl.

Madison saw Mr. Thompson walk into the bedroom in a towel. His chest was impressive, his whole body was impressive. She watched him pull out clothes and lay them on the bed. He looked at her.

“Good morning, sweetie, how are you this morning?” He said.

“Great, I slept really good.” She said.

“I have never dressed in front of an audience, well, other that Katie.” He said as he held his towel. She saw a lump in his towel, and she giggled.

“Do you want me to close my eyes?” She said and he chuckled.

“I guess you have seen everything already.” He said and dropped his towel. She saw he was hard again, his cock sticking straight out.

“Does it hurt?” She said and he looked at her.

“No, not really, just uncomfortable in clothes when it gets this hard.” He said.

“Do you want me to help?” She said.

“You don’t have to; it will go down once I am not looking at you two.” He said and saw her moving closer.

“I know I don’t have to.” She said and he felt her little hand rub down his shaft.

He groaned and she slid closer. She laid on her belly and pulled his cock to her mouth. He felt her warm tongue on his cock, and he put his hands on her head. She reached under him and grabbed his balls. She pulled him closer, and he slid into her mouth. She pulled him to the back of her throat, but her position did not allow her to try and take all of him. She slid off of him and turned over on her back.

He looked down and she was laying on her back and licking his cock while she massaged his balls. She opened her mouth and slid him in. She slid closer to him and her head was now hanging off the bed. She wrapped an arm around him and pulled him to her, he felt his cock hit the back of her throat. She was holding his balls and pulling him closer. He looked down and almost lost his shit when he slid into her throat. He saw her throat bulge and he was now pressed against her face.

Madison felt him slide into her throat and it felt a little better than the first time she did it. She did not gag this time. She held him deep and then pulled him out so she could breathe. She took a deep breath and then pulled him back into her throat. She felt him put his hands on the sides of her head and start to move in and out slowly. She let go of his balls and put her hands on the bed and let him move in and out of her mouth.

Brad looked at Katie as he was fucking the young girl’s face. Katie was sitting up and her mouth was hanging open. He knew this was not one of the lessons, this girl figured this one out on her own and he was blown away. He fucked her throat slowly and then he felt her hands move again and start to massage his balls. God, she knew exactly what to do. He felt his cock lurch and then he blasted a load down her throat. She pushed him out and he sprayed the next load on her face. She was holding him and licking his head as his cum poured out.

Katie was mesmerized as she watched Madison take him into her throat. She had to work hard for a long time before she could do that, and this little girl was doing it like it was nothing. She shook her head and then she saw Brad dumping a load onto her face. She jumped up to grab some Kleenex as Brad stumbled back and sat down on the chair. She moved over to Madison and wiped her cute face. She pulled her up and hugged her. They both looked at Brad and laughed as he tried to recover.

Brad dressed and left for work as his girls laid on the bed and watched him. He kissed them both before he walked out. His cock was satisfied, at least for a little while. He knew as soon as the memory of her on her back flashed into his mind again, he would be rock hard but for now he could think about work and maybe last an hour.

“Katie, did I do good that time?” Madison said, her back against Katie again as they laid in the bed.

“Baby, that was amazing, how do you do that? It took me a long time.” Katie said.

“I don’t know, it seems like he likes it and this time it was easier. I didn’t gag this time.” She said.

“Well, you are definitely special, and I guarantee he enjoyed that, and he will remember it a very long time.” Katie said and Madison giggled.

They laid in silence for a few minutes as Katie tried to understand how Madison seemed to always know exactly what to do to make people happy. She held onto her warm body and did wish they could stay like this all day. Her thoughts were broken by Madison’s voice.

“Does it hurt when he puts it inside you?” Madison said and Katie took a deep breath.

“Not anymore.” Katie said.

“So, it hurt before?” Madison said.

“Yes, the first time, and then the first time with Brad.” She said.

“So, Brad was not your first time?” Madison said.

“No, it was a stupid boy who I thought was more special than he actually was.” Katie said.

“So, it hurt again when you did it the first time with Mr. Thompson?” Madison said.

“Yes, he is much bigger, and it took me a couple of times to get used to him.” Katie said.

“Did it hurt the first time with Aaron?” Madison said and Katie sat up and looked at the girl.

“I saw you down by the pool one time, sorry.” Madison said and looked up at Katie.

“No, it really didn’t but I was much older and had been with Brad for a long time.” She said and Madison nodded.

“It is ok, I think I understand why you let Aaron do that. You love Mr. Thompson but Aaron is very cute and very nice.” Madison said and Katie shook her head.

“You know, you are way too young to be so wise.” Katie said and ran her hand over the soft face.

“I am really 150 years old; I am a witch.” Madison said and smiled up at Katie.

“Yes, you are.” Katie said and leaned over and kissed her softly.

“Now, little witch, you have to get ready for school.” Katie said and squeezed her firm little ass.

Madison laughed and got out of bed, Katie watching the cute ass as she walked out of the room. She looked over and saw little pink panties hanging off of the lamp. Now, that is funny. She got out of bed and found her own pajamas and slid them on. She picked up the pink panties and threw them in the hamper. She walked downstairs to get a cup of coffee, she heard the shower as she walked past the bathroom and her pussy tingled as she thought of Madison standing naked under the water. This girl was driving her insane.

Madison finished her shower and wrapped her towel around herself and stepped into the hall, almost running into Katie as she walked by.

“Katie, will you brush my hair?” Madison asked.

“Absolutely, sweetie.” Katie said and followed her into her room.

Madison sat on the stool and handed her the brush. Katie started brushing the wonderful long hair.

“What do we want today?” Katie asked.

“Can you do braids?” Madison said.

“You do realize the answer to any question about hair will always be yes, right?” Katie said.

“Yeah, can I have two?” Madison said.

“Coming up.” Katie said.

“I only get braids when Sam sleeps over, she is good at it and I can’t do it to myself.” Madison said.

“How is Sam?” Katie said.

“She is great, her daddy was out of town too, but I think he is back, I saw his car yesterday.” Madison said.

“That is good, Henry should be home this afternoon, I heard Brad talking to him yesterday and I think they got him on an early flight.” Katie said.

“Good, I don’t know if I can last much longer without him.” Madison said and Katie felt a lump in her throat.

Katie finished the braids and Madison squealed with delight when she saw them. She walked out and went downstairs as Madison finished dressing. Katie was sitting at the table as Madison came down the stairs. She was wearing the cute white sundress they had bought, and it was fabulous on her. The top held her chest well and the length was perfect. Her pretty legs were visible, but it was not too short to look trashy, and this little girl was not at all trashy.

“You look beautiful this morning.” Katie said and took a sip of coffee.

“Thanks, I love my braids. Thank you so much.” Madison said and spun around, her dress lifting a little and her braids flying around. Katie laughed.

“Aaron is waiting whenever you are ready.” Katie said.

“Cool, I am not really hungry, can I go now?” She said and Katie smiled.

“As soon as I get my goodbye kiss.” Katie said.

Madison smiled and walked over to her. Katie opened her legs and pulled her closer. She kissed Katie’s soft lips and their tongues were dancing. She felt Katie wrap her arms around her as they kissed. She pulled back and put her head on Katie’s shoulder.

“I love you.” Madison said.

“I love you too, baby.” Katie said and hugged her harder.

Madison pulled back and kissed Katie on the lips again and then grabbed her backpack.

“Have a good day at school.” Katie said and Madison waved to her as she walked out. Katie took a deep breath and a sip of coffee.

Aaron saw her walk out of the house, and he was amazed again at how fucking cute she was. It seemed like she looked a little different each day. That sundress was perfect and her hair in those braids made her look even cuter. She smiled at him and crawled into the car. He watched her white lace panties as she crawled across and his poor cock was hard again, damn this girl.

Madison waited for him to buckle his seat belt before she slid over to him. He put his hand on her thigh and she held his arm and leaned into him. She loved this, she hoped that Aaron would still be able to drive her when daddy came home. She noticed his pants had a big lump and she knew he was excited again. She wondered what it would feel like inside her. It was really big, she wondered how much it would hurt. She felt a little shiver run through her as she thought of Aaron sliding his cock into her body.

Aaron loved the feel of her warm soft thigh, he would never get tired of that. He drove very slowly and carefully, maximizing the time she was next to him. They arrived at her house and he saw the old man in his swing. He understood, she must have been driving him crazy for a few years now. She sat up and looked at him. Her eyes were sparkling, and she was smiling.

“What?” He said and she giggled.

“Nothing, just looking at you. Do you want to kiss me?” She said.

“I guess so, if I have to.” He said and he saw her face drop into a frown. He laughed and she hit him on the arm.

“You are mean.” She said and started to pull away. He grabbed her and pulled her close to him.

“Girl, I would kiss you forever if I could.” He said and she smiled.

“Ok, I guess that would be ok, if I have to.” She said and broke into a giggle immediately.

He pulled her in and kissed her. She climbed onto his lap and they kissed hard for at least a minute. She pulled back and her face was red.

“Wow, that was cool. I think I would like kissing forever.” She said and she heard his phone ring in his pocket.

He pulled it out and answered it.

“Yep, she is right here.” He said and handed her the phone. He saw her face get serious as she took the phone.

“Hello.” She said.

“Hello, sweetie, how are you?” Henry said.

“Good, daddy, why are you calling?” She said, nervously.

“I just wanted to tell you that I was able to get a non-stop flight this morning and I am sitting on the plane. We are taking off in 5 minutes so I will be home today for sure.” He said.

“Oh daddy, that is wonderful. I miss you so much.” She said, her voice cracking.

“I miss you too, baby. I will go straight to the office and then I will be home after work.” He said.

“Great, I will be waiting when you get home. Do you want me to cook something?” She said.

“Absolutely not, we will figure it out when I get home.” He said.

“Ok, daddy, I will be waiting.” She said.

“Great, I will see you very soon. I love you.” He said.

“I love you too daddy.” She said.

“Goodbye sweet girl.” He said.

“Goodbye daddy.” She said and hung up.

She leaned into Aaron’s chest, holding his phone. He wrapped his strong arms around her and held her.

“Aaron, he is coming home.” She said.

“I heard; I am so glad.” He said.

“Yeah, me too.” She said and took a deep breath.

She sat up and kissed him gently and then slid over in the seat. She grabbed her backpack and opened the door. She leaned in and smiled at him.

“I am going to walk home with Sam today. I think I have a meeting tomorrow afternoon so can you pick us up at school?” She said.

“As you wish, princess.” He said and she giggled.

He watched her walk away and he saw the little dog run up to her. She knelt down and picked him up. He slipped the car in gear and pulled out of the driveway. He was going to miss seeing her every day. He drove away, feeling a little sad.

Madison laughed as Roscoe jumped up into her arms. She picked him up and he started licking her neck and ear. She laughed as his little tongue worked on her. She saw Mr. Jones standing on the steps and she walked up.

“Sorry about that but I think he missed you.” Barry said.

“It is fine, I missed him too.” She said and giggled again as Roscoe licked her ear.

“Roscoe, I am sure Madison already had a bath today.” He said and pulled the little dog off of her.

“Mr. Jones, daddy just called, and he is definitely coming home today. He was already on the plane.” She said and he could tell she was very excited.

“That is great news. I am sure you are happy about that.” He said.

“Oh yes, I miss him terribly.” She said.

“Yeah, I know. Is he coming straight home?” He said.

“No, he is going to the office first, he will be home the normal time. Do you mind if I hang out with you a little bit, so I don’t have to be alone in the house?” She said.

“You do know that is a silly question, right?” He said and she giggled.

“Cool, thank you, I will see you this afternoon.” She said and climbed up to the step above him and kissed him quickly.

“Have a great day, Mr. Jones.” She said and walked out of his yard.

“Have a good day Madison.” He said and she waved at him. He watched her pretty legs until he could not see her anymore. He took a deep breath and walked into his house.

Madison walked to her friend’s house and saw Sam come out of the house dressed in black yoga pants and a nice white top that went over her pants but showed her cute belly when she moved. She came down the steps a little slower than normal.

“Sam, what’s wrong?” Madison asked.

“My legs are sore as shit from yesterday’s practice, and I may be coming down with something.” She said and hugged Madison.

“Ooh, you will give me your cooties.” Madison said but held onto her friend.

“Rock star, as much as we touch and kiss my cooties are all over you already.” Sam said and smiled.

“True.” Madison said and they started walking.

“Hey, is your daddy coming home today?” Sam said.

“Yes, he called me this morning and he was already on the plane.” She said.

“That is cool, I know you have been a little off since he has been gone.” Sam said and chuckled.

“Hey, is your daddy home, I saw his car.” Madison said.

“Yeah, he came home yesterday.” Sam said.

“Cool, does he have any more trips planned?” Madison said.

“Nah, I don’t think so.” Sam said and Madison sensed she did not want to talk about it.

“Do you think you will be able to practice today?” Madison asked, noticing her friend was still walking a little slower than usual.

“I hope so, maybe they will get better as I walk around? You are not sore? He worked us hard yesterday.” Sam said. Madison thought about it for the first time that he did make them go a little harder than normal, she had not realized it until Sam mentioned it. She shook her head, realizing her focus recently had been on other things.

“No, mine feel fine.” Madison answered.

“Figured, you are a rock star after all.” Sam said and smiled.

Madison smiled as well, and they continued to school. Her first period was with Mr. Thomas. She noticed he was at his desk as she walked in.

“Good morning, Mr. Thomas.” She said as she walked past his desk.

“Good morning, Madison.” He said and noticed her pretty little white sundress.

It was a lovely dress, but he was starting to think this girl would look good in a potato sack. Her shoulders were smooth and the small hint of cleavage over the top of her dress was marvelous. Her legs were the star today, though. The dress fell to the middle of her perfect thighs and he caught his breath as she slid into her seat. His eyes were locked onto her pretty legs as she leaned over to put her books in the desk. Yes, he saw a glimpse of her white lace panties, god, that was so hot. He rubbed his poor cock and started to figure out how to lecture from behind his desk today.

Madison noticed him watching her as she sat down. She saw his eyes light up as she bent over. He probably caught a glimpse of her panties. She felt a shiver run through her. Why did she react like this when one of her guys looked at her? She looked around and there were a lot of cute boys in the class but none of them even looked her way. Oh well, her guys kept her busy enough. She smiled at Mr. Thomas as she pushed some of her hair behind her ear. He seemed to like that.

Madison ran into Sam on her way to lunch and she was going to see the nurse. She hugged her friend and decided to pop in on Mr. Thomas since Sam would not be in lunch. She walked into his room and he was behind his desk. He looked up and a big smile covered his face. She loved the way her guys smiled when they looked at her.

“Hey, Mr. Thomas, can I eat lunch with you?” She said and pulled over a stool.

“Certainly, Madison, you are welcome any time.” He said and tried not to just stare at her legs as she climbed onto the stool.

“Thank you, I like it in here, it is nice and quiet. The cafeteria is a little wild at times.” She said.

“I can imagine that many teenagers in one place is a recipe for chaos.” He said and she laughed.

He loved that laugh; he could listen to that forever. He wondered if he could arrange it that she was in his class again next year. He would love to watch her develop for another year. He looked over at the ladder and took a deep breath. He hoped he was not being too obvious; he did not want to scare her away.

“Yeah, it is a wild place, most of the time it is fun but today I wanted some peace and quiet and a good friend to talk to.” She said and he was amazed at how good she was at making him feel special.

“So, is your offer still valid to help me get some more stuff?” He said and motioned to the ladder. She looked over and saw the ladder, her legs started to tingle. He was so cute.

“Absolutely, you better not be crawling up there anymore. You let me know every time you need something, and I will be happy to grab it for you.” She said in a serious voice.

“Thank you so much, you are so sweet. Finish your lunch first.” He said.

“What do you need today?” She said and took a bite of her sandwich.

“Some folders to help us with the lessons next week. They are all green, but they may be in two different boxes I am afraid. Are you sure you don’t mind?” He said.

“I live for it.” She said and he smiled.

She wondered what he would think about the fact that she was starting to get excited about climbing that ladder. He would have no issues looking up her dress today. Her pussy was starting to get a little wet as she thought more about it. She was such a weird girl; she took the last bite of her sandwich.

“All done, let’s see what we can do.” She said and jumped off the stool.

They walked over to the ladder and she noticed there were a lot of boxes in the storage space.

“I think most of them are in the purple bin there, but there could be some in the bin behind that one. I am so sorry, you really don’t have to do this, I can get the janitors.” He said.

“Mr. Thomas, don’t be silly, it is not a problem.” She said and climbed the first three steps. She was a little above his head. She turned and looked at him.

“Unless of course you would prefer the janitors.” She said and he shook his head back and forth. She giggled.

She climbed up to the top of the ladder and pushed her feet against the edges of the step, spreading her legs slightly. His view was immaculate. Her wonderful legs and the white lace panties wrapped around her perfect little ass. His cock was raging immediately. She was reaching for the purple bin and he felt her slip a little.

“Mr. Thomas, can you hold my legs please?” She said and looked down at him.

He slid his hands off the ladder and onto her firm calves. Her skin was warm and smooth, he loved it.

“Thanks.” She said and pulled over the purple bin.

She liked his hands on her legs. She was also loving the fact that he was looking up her dress. Why did this excite her so much? She wondered if it was only older men that gave her this feeling? She had never even thought about doing this with boys her own age. She would have to ask Katie about this one.

“There are 3 green folders in here.” She said and looked down.

“Good, there are 5 in total so the other two must be in the other bin. We can get those later. I can start the lesson with these.” He said and held onto her warm calves.

“Nonsense, I am already up here, we may as well get them all.” She said and handed him the three folders.

He placed them on the table and wondered where his hands should go. He gambled and put them back on her legs. She had no reaction, and he took a deep breath. He looked back up at the white lace. He watched her slide the purple one over and grab the bin behind it. She had to reach far so her left leg moved off the step. He held onto her calf but now he was looking at the white lace with her legs spread even more. He tried to imagine the young pussy sitting right there behind the lace.

“I got it.” She said and pulled the bin closer.

She put her foot back on the step and he held onto her. She pulled out the other two folders and handed them down to him. He put his hands back on her legs. She slid the bins back in place and looked down at him.

“Hold onto my legs until I get a little lower, this ladder is really shaky.” She said and he nodded.

She started to move down slowly, and his hands slid up her legs. He slid past her knees and then he was holding her thighs. She moved down further, and he moved his hands up her hips and then off, but his fingers tingled as they remembered the firm thighs. She jumped down and smiled at him.

“See, easy peazy. Thank you so much for holding onto me, you saved my life.” She said and smiled.

“You are welcome, but I am not thinking your life was in danger.” He said and chuckled.

“Maybe not but it was nice. We make a great team.” She said and straightened her dress.

He wondered what she meant by that; this girl was something else. Cute as fuck and an innocent sexuality just oozing out of her.

She looked at him and saw the look on his face. He enjoyed that as much as she did, she was happy he asked her to help. She grabbed her backpack and slung it over her shoulder.

“Thanks Mr. Thomas, I will see you tomorrow.” She said and turned to leave.

“Thank you, Madison, you are very helpful.” He said, holding his folders to his chest.

“Anytime, Mr. Thomas.” She said and disappeared out the door.

He pushed his poor cock around and wondered if he should go to the bathroom now or just hope it goes down before next period. He loved that girl, and he was already thinking of what he could ask her to help with tomorrow.

Madison walked slowly down the hall and thought about Mr. Thomas looking up her skirt while he held onto her legs. She shivered as she remembered his fingers on her thighs. She hoped the ladder was back again tomorrow.

Coach was a maniac again today. The meet was this weekend, and he was really getting excited. He told her that the girl from Jefferson would be there again and they needed to be ready. Madison felt like her body was better than ever. She was loving these intense workouts. Sam did not participate in any of the running, her legs were still sore. She just sat on the side and stretched.

They walked into the dressing room and Madison peeled off her drenched shirt. She pulled off her sports bra and then pushed her shorts and panties down her legs. She was really looking forward to this shower.

“You are really pretty.” Sam said softly and Madison looked at her. She looked a little sad.

“What’s wrong?” Madison said and sat next to her friend.

“Nothing, just looking at your perfect little body and feeling a little inadequate.” Sam said.

“You have no reason to feel that way, you are beautiful, and I love your body. You should know that by now.” Madison said.

“Thanks, that helps.” Sam said.

“Now get those clothes off so I can see it.” Madison said and stood up.

“Nah, I only stretched today, I am good. You go, I will wait for you.” Sam said and looked at her naked friend.

“Ok, I will be quick, but I have to take one, I am so gross.” Madison said.

“Yeah, you are a little smelly.” Sam said and Madison laughed.

She walked into the shower and stood under the warm water, feeling her body respond and relax. She soaped up and finished quickly. She grabbed a towel and walked back to her friend. Sam was still sitting on the bench. She dropped the towel and reached for her panties.

“Did you eat lunch with Mr. Thomas again?” Sam said and watched her pull up her panties.

“Yeah, it was nice.” She said.

“Did he pull out the ladder again and get a glimpse of those?” Sam said.

“Yeah, he did. Is it wrong for me to let him do that? I kind of like it.” Madison said.

“My friend is a perv.” Sam said and smiled.

“Yes, but you like me as a perv.” Madison said and pulled her sundress on.

“Yes, you are right about that.” Sam said softly.

They walked out of the school and headed toward home. Madison grabbed Sam’s hand as they walked. She felt Sam squeeze her hand. They made it to Sam’s house, and she hugged her hard and long. Madison noticed her daddy’s car was still there, that was good. She kissed Sam gently on the lips and hugged her again.

“I love you.” Madison said.

“I love you too, rock star.” Sam said and Madison giggled.

She watched her friend walk slowly up her steps; her legs must still be sore. She saw her look back once and then go into her house. Madison continued down the sidewalk towards her first guy.

Barry Jones held his little dog on his lap as he sat on his swing. He was waiting as he always did just to get a glimpse of his little next-door princess. He saw her coming and she was a vision. That little white sundress and those braids. She was precious. He saw her waving at him. He waved back and put Roscoe down on the floor. He watched him shoot off towards her.

Madison saw Roscoe fly off the porch and she knelt down. He ran into her and she rubbed his head. He was frantic and licking all over her legs. She giggled as she tried to calm him down. She felt his little tongue on the inside of her thigh, and it felt strange. She finally grabbed him and held him to her chest. He started his cleaning of her neck and ears. She smiled as she walked towards Mr. Jones’s house.

Barry loved seeing her kneel and play with Roscoe. He remembered watching her in his old t-shirt in his living room, but this was just as nice. Her legs were so pretty, and the dress was short enough so he could see most of them. Roscoe was flying all over and she was trying to grab him, allowing him to also see the white lace between her legs. His cock was now hard as a rock. He was hard just in anticipation of seeing her but now looking at her legs and panties pushed him over the edge.

“Hey, Mr. Jones.” She said as she walked up onto his porch.

“Hi Madison, how was your day?” He said.

“Great, I am so excited for daddy to come home the day just flew by.” She said.

“That is great, what time will he be here?” He said.

“He said the normal time, can I hang here until then?” She said and sat on the swing. She set Roscoe down.

“Absolutely, you are always welcome to hang.” He said and she giggled. Roscoe continued to try and lick her anywhere he could.

“Roscoe, settle down and leave Madison alone.” He said and grabbed the little dog, calming him down.

“It’s ok, Mr. Jones, he is just excited to see me. I will probably do the same thing when daddy gets home.” She said.

“Well, I am hoping you don’t try to lick him all over.” He said and she laughed. His heart got warmer as he listened to that wonderful laugh again.

“I am not sure what I will do, I feel like I have a pound of tears just waiting to come out.” She said.

“Yeah, that is normal. Just let it out.” He said, his eyes popped a little as she swung her legs up onto the swing and sat cross-legged, her dress pulling up and showing most of her thighs.

“Thanks, I probably will, I have been crying a lot lately.” She said.

“Are the Thompsons treating you good?” He said.

“Oh yes, they are wonderful. That is part of why I have been crying, I love it there, but I can’t wait for daddy to get home. I feel like I am torn. I will be very happy to have daddy back, but I will miss them terribly. Does that make any sense?” She said and he saw her eyes get a little glassy.

“Yes, it absolutely does. You have a way of making everyone around you love you, so I am sure they are going to miss you as well.” He said.

“Yeah, Katie has been crying too and I know Aaron is sad.” She said and he nodded, he knew how they felt.

“You are a special little girl, and you make a lot of people happy and will continue to do that your whole life I am sure.” He said.

“Thank you, Mr. Jones, you are sweet and make me feel good. You wouldn’t happen to have some hot chocolate?” She said and smiled.

“I am pretty sure I do.” He said.

“Even if I don’t have a pretty bra?” She said and gave him an evil grin. He was amazed at how quickly she could turn from angel to a little flirt.

“I think I could make an exception.” He said and she giggled.

“I will owe you one.” She said and jumped off the swing.

He stood up and followed his little neighbor into his house. He set Roscoe down and started making the hot chocolate. He looked at her sitting at his table smiling at him. She was sitting in that exact spot yesterday with her shirt wide open but today she looked just as good. Her legs were dangling off the chair with her bare feet. Her sandals were laying on the floor, god, she was sexy.

He brought over the drink and she picked it up and held it to her chest. She did love her hot chocolate.

“I love the warmth. It feels so good.” She said.

He smiled at her and just enjoyed watching her drink her drink. They sat in relative silence for a few minutes, and it was nice.

“Mr. Jones, can we talk about your wife some more?” She said.

“Certainly, sweetie. What do you want to know?” he said.

“How old were you when you started going out with her steady?” She asked.

“Well, we were sophomores, so I guess around 15.” He said.

“So, next year I will find my soul mate?” She said and smiled.

“Baby girl, don’t be in a hurry. I promise you that you will find someone special. When you find them you will know.” He said.

“So, I shouldn’t just start dropping pencils?” She said and he laughed out loud. She started laughing with him.

They laughed and drank their chocolate. He was so happy, she brought such light into his house, it had been mostly missing since his wife was gone. How could a 14-yr-old bring the same light his wife of many years brought? If he believed in reincarnation, he would swear his wife was drinking hot chocolate and looking up at him. That didn’t help his problem of evil thoughts of things he wanted to do to her, now he could justify it in his mind that it was just his wife come back to life.

“I think we should go back and sit on the porch so I can watch for daddy.” She said and stood up.

“Sounds like a plan. Are you done with your chocolate?” he said and she lifted the cup and drained it. He loved watching her swallow as she downed the rest of her drink.

“Yep.” She said and lowered the cup, now wearing a chocolate mustache. She laughed again.

He handed her a towel, she wiped her mouth, and they went onto the porch. He sat and she sat again with her legs crossed, now with her bare feet. She looked up at him.

“Do you think of her when you are on this swing with me?” She said.

“Yes, I do.” He said softly.

“Do I remind you of her?” She said.

“Yes, you do.” He said.

“Good, then you just think about good thoughts and memories when we are out here.” She said.

“Yes, maam.” He said and she giggled.

“Did your wife like to have her feet rubbed?” She said, knowing the answer as she saw him doing that very thing on this swing many times.

“Oh, yes, that was one of her favorite things.” He said and closed his eyes to remember. He felt her shifting and he felt something on his lap. He looked down at two cute little feet.

He looked over and she was smiling. He shook his head and started to rub the small feet. They were magical and he ran his fingers through her toes and then pulled gently on each one. He looked at her and she was leaning back with her eyes closed. He continued to rub the wonderful little feet and thought of his wife.

Henry pulled into his driveway and he saw Barry and Madison on the swing. He got out of the car and started to walk around towards Barry’s house. He cleared the car and then a white steak appeared, and Madison jumped into his arms. He put his arms around her as her arms had a steel grip on his neck. She said nothing, just held onto him. He walked into Barry’s yard.

“Barry, thanks for looking after her.” He said.

“Henry, never a problem. She is a wonderful girl and she missed you terribly.” He said and motioned to the hunk of white that was attached to Henry.

“Thank you, yeah I missed her badly as well. I am thinking there will be many tears this evening.” He said and squeezed his daughter.

“Here are her shoes.” Barry said and handed her sandals to Henry.

“Thanks Barry, we will see you later.” Henry said and carried his daughter into the house.

They walked in and he sat on the couch, her body still wrapped around him.

“Baby, are you ok?” He said and rubbed her back.

“Oh, daddy, I am sorry, I just want to hold you. I missed you so bad.” She said and he felt her start to sob.

“It’s ok honey, you hold on as long as you want. I am here now.” He said and leaned back on the couch.

They sat on the couch, father and daughter, for at least 10 minutes and then she sat up and looked at him. Her cheeks were wet with tears and her eyes were glassy. He pushed some of her hair off her face and noticed her hair was in braids.

“Nice braids.” He said and ran his hand down one.

“Thanks, Katie did them. She is very good with hair.” She said.

“Did you have fun over there?” He said and she started to cry. His heart broke with worry.

“What happened honey, did they hurt you?” He said and she shook her head side to side.

“No daddy, not at all. I loved it there, I am going to miss them horribly. I have been going crazy the last two days. I could not wait for you to get home, but I was horribly sad that I had to leave them. Am I crazy?” She said and cried into his chest.

“No honey, you are not crazy. You are just incredibly loving, and you feel things deeper than most. You are also very lovable, so I am sure they are very sad as well.” He said, his heart relieved

“Yes, Katie was crying a lot. Aaron cried too.” She said.

“Aaron cried?” Henry said.

“Yeah, he looks big and scary, but he is a softie.” She said and giggled. He was glad to hear her laugh again.

“Well, I guess we will be visiting them a lot then. Maybe in our new car?” He said and she sat up and looked at him.

“What new car?” She said and he pulled something out of his pocket.

“The new car we are going to buy with this.” He said and handed her an envelope. She ripped it open and saw a check.

“Daddy, what is this for?” She said.

“That is my first commission check for all the accounts that you and Mr. Thompson worked for me while I was in training.” He said.

“Really?” She said.

“Baby, this is $140,000 dollars, whatever you and Brad were doing, keep it up. I have to work hard to make sure we hold onto the accounts, but this is amazing. We can pay off all our debts, get a new car, and get you a nice phone.” He said and she felt her heart get warm watching him so excited.

“Daddy, I am so glad that you are happy. It makes me feel good to see you like that.” She said and hugged him.

“Thank you, sweetie, what do you say we go out for a nice dinner and then go get you a phone?” He said.

“That sounds wonderful.” She said into his chest, still hugging him. He held onto his amazing daughter and leaned back on the couch.

Eventually, they got off the couch and she went upstairs to clean her face. He put the check into his wallet and shook his head. He could not believe how well this job was working out. He had three massive accounts before he even started. Now he had a meeting on Thursday and Thompson said it was the biggest one yet. This could turn out to be the perfect job that turns their life around. He turned and saw his daughter coming down the stairs. She was smiling and looked so happy, he liked seeing her like that.

They stopped at the bank on their way and deposited the biggest check he had ever held in his hand. They went to their favorite Italian restaurant and Madison was so happy that she did not even notice all the eyes that followed her every move as they walked in. They ordered their food and then daddy excused himself to go to the bathroom. She looked around and then she noticed. It seemed that every table had an older guy and almost all of them were looking at her. She felt her legs tingle.

Henry returned to the table and they had a wonderful dinner. They left the restaurant and stopped at a Verizon store to get Madison a phone. She picked out a nice one and got a pink case. He was so glad he could give that back to her. She was such a good sport to give hers up when they were struggling but he knew she was sad. They left the store and headed home.

Madison was loving her new phone and loading as many apps as she could on her way home. They got home and she went upstairs to change into her pajamas. She slipped on her blue ones with the shorts. She went downstairs and jumped on her daddy as he was sitting in his recliner. She heard him let out a grunt as she jumped on him.

“Sorry, daddy, you ok?” she said.

“Yes, baby, I am fine. It is nice to get jumped on again.” He said and she laughed. She laid her head on his chest.

“I love you daddy and I am so glad you are home.” She said and he hugged her.

“Baby, you have no idea how much I missed you. I am so proud of you for being a trooper while I was away.” He said.

“Daddy, do you like your new job?” She said.

“Oh yes, it is wonderful. I think it could work out great for us, if I can work hard and get more accounts we can be set.” He said.

She heard the excitement in his voice, and she was happy. She sat on her daddy’s lap and they watched TV until it was time for her to go to bed. She kissed him lightly on the lips and then headed upstairs. She stopped at the top of the stairs and looked back at him.

“I love you daddy.” She said.

“I love you too baby.” He answered.

She walked into her room and climbed into bed. She grabbed her phone off the nightstand. She turned off the lights, got under the covers and dialed the number.

“Hello?” she heard the voice and smiled.

“Hello, Katie.” She said.

“Madison, is this you?” Katie said.

“Yeah, I got a new phone tonight.” She said.

“Baby, that is great. Did your daddy get home ok?” Katie said.

“Yeah, we went to dinner and then got my phone. We watched TV and now I am in bed.” She said.

“That sounds lovely. I am so glad you are happy and in your own bed.” Katie said.

“I wish you were here.” Madison said softly and Katie felt the lump in her throat again.

“I wish I was there too, baby.” Katie said.

“Can we talk a little while; I miss you already.” She said.

“Sure, how was school today?” Katie said.

“It was great, I had lunch with Mr. Thomas, he is nice.” She said.

“That sounds fun, how is Sam?” Katie said.

“She is good, I think. Her legs were sore today, she said, so she didn’t practice.” She said.

“I am sorry, I hope she is better soon, don’t you guys have a meet this weekend?” Katie said.

“Yeah, we do, are you guys coming?” Madison said.

“Are you kidding, we are hooked. That last meet was the most exciting thing I have ever seen.” Katie said.

“Good, I like it when you are there. Can we come over to the house after like last time?” Madison said.

“Yep, that is kind of a tradition now.” Katie said.

“Thank you, sorry for inviting myself over.” Madison said.

“Baby, this feels like your home now as well, you can come over here anytime you want, invited or not.” Katie said.

“Thank you. I miss my kisses.” Madison said.

“Oh baby, you have no idea how much I miss those.” Katie said.

“I wish we could kiss over the phone.” Madison said.

“We can.” Katie said.

“How?” Madison said.

“Ok, close your eyes. The hand that is free, touch your lips softly.” Katie said.

“Ok.” Madison said and touched her lips with her fingers.

“Now your fingers that touched your lips are my lips now. Move them wherever you want.” Katie said.

“Ok, I am touching my neck.” Madison said.

“It is nice and soft, and I lick it gently.” Katie said.

“I am touching my stomach.” Madison said.

“I love your tummy; I kiss your belly button and move up slowly. I kiss all the way to your chest and the bottom of your left breast.” Katie said and she heard Madison moan.

“Now I kiss that pretty nipple, is it stiff?” Katie said.

“Yes.” Madison said in a whisper.

“I suck on it and lick it with my tongue.” Katie said.

“Now I move to the other one and kiss it as well. I suck on it gently.” Katie said and she heard another moan.

“Do you want to go further, sweetie?” Katie said.

“Yes, please, I am moving my fingers into my shorts.” Madison said.

“Oh baby, I am kissing those pretty thighs. I run my tongue up to your pretty pussy and kiss the lips gently. I lick slowly around and then run my tongue inside.” Katie said and he heard the young girl breathing hard.

“Are you close, baby?” She said.

“Yes.” Another whisper.

“Move your finger to your little button. I kiss that softly. Rub it softly as I kiss it.” Katie said.

“Oh yes, please kiss it more.” Madison said.

“I take it in my mouth and suck on it, rub it now and cum for me baby.” Katie said and she heard a gasp.

Katie listened to the young girl orgasm and it was one of the sweetest sounds she had ever heard. She waited patiently.

“Katie?” Madison said.

“Yes, baby.” Katie said.

“I love you.” Madison said.

“I love you too, sweetheart.” Katie said.