Emily
by rtyuuioyuih1

Emily Ch. 01

Girlfriend's coworker walks in on me masturbating.

There was a knock at the door.

I chose to ignore it. It was probably just the delivery guy with some package my girlfriend had ordered. He could just leave it in the hall. I was, shall we say, indisposed at the moment: in bed, pants off, headphones on... you get the picture. My girlfriend was at work and I had chosen to spend my evening with a little stress relief. We have a healthy and active sex life, don't get me wrong. But there's something different about doing it yourself every now and then.

"Ben, open up!"

Goddamnit. I recognized that voice. Although, I had never heard it here before. That was my girlfriend's coworker, Emily. They were waitresses together at the place a couple buildings over. The nice thing about living downtown is that everywhere we needed to go, including work, was walking distance. I had met Emily on several occasions when I'd come by the restaurant. We had even gone out for drinks as a group after my girlfriend got off work.

I always liked hanging out with Emily. She was genuinely sweet, funny, and enjoyable company. She was also, coincidentally, stacked. I can only guess of course, but I'd estimate she's 5'6", 110 pounds (10 of which were boobs), and maybe a 34E. She looked like a brunette Kate Upton. And clearly, I wasn't the only one who thought so. My girlfriend had raved about how nice Emily's boobs were, and would affectionately laugh at how her friend always seemed to show up to work sans bra when rent was due. One night after drinks, I was feeling particularly brash, and on the walk home I confessed to my girlfriend that I found her friend difficult to look in the face. She playfully slapped my arm, but then conceded that she too struggled to make eye contact after a couple beers. That wasn't the only allusion my girlfriend made to her bicuriousity, but that's a story for another time.

"Ben, hurry, I know you're in there! I only have a few minutes!"

Whoops. How long had I left Emily knocking at the door? I guess my reminiscing had melded into my fantasizing. Goddamnit, "Coming!" I yelled to her. I thought I heard a small giggle from the hallway. I opened the door from my apartment only wide enough to stick my head out. I didn't necessarily want her to see the rest of me like this. "Hey, Emily, what's up?"

"Finally!" Emily said. "Your girlfriend told me you'd be home to let me in. Look, while we were doing our sidework, I accidentally spilled marinara sauce all over my shirt. I don't have time to run all the way home to change, and your place is so close to work, and your girlfriend said I could borrow a shirt."

"Oh, um, sure. Of course. Um, come in..." I hoped my extra long t-shirt would hide my dwindling erection. I wasn't sure how my girlfriend expected one of her shirts to fit Emily - my girlfriend is the hottest girl I know, but she's not as well-endowed as Emily; no one I'd ever met is as well-endowed as Emily.

Emily pushed past me into the apartment. She gave me a quick look up and down, smirked, and said, "Cute outfit. Where's your girlfriend's dresser?"

"In the bedroom, to the left there," I informed her. I was so pleased to be of assistance to this wildly attractive, platonic friend that I briefly forgot the state of the bedroom. A little too late, I clamored to follow Emily in, hoping to subtly straighten up.

Emily saw the sheets thrown back, the open laptop, the headphones. She looked back at me, starting with my boxers, and then flicking her eyes up to meet mine. She smirked, and said, "Don't worry. Your girlfriend warned me what I'd be interrupting."

Great, I thought. I know girls talk, but I'd prefer these sorts of habits were more of a private matter between me and my girlfriend.

"And don't be embarrassed," Emily continued. "I spend my days off the same way."

That shocked me. While my sex life had been pretty active since getting to college, and I had learned a lot about the world from the internet and my girlfriend, I had grown up in a very conservative household - the type where it was assumed girls didn't enjoy sex and that masturbation was an exclusively male past time. I was relieved to learn over the past couple years that those were all inaccurate assumptions.

While I was reeling from Emily's brazen confession (and trying not to picture her in action until after she'd left), she had apparently chosen a shirt: one my girlfriend would probably consider over-sized and comfy, but might look tight and sexy on Emily's frame. Emily had exited to the living room, and I distractedly followed. "Well, I'm glad I was able to help. Are you gonna make it back to the restaurant in time for-"

I froze mid-sentence. Emily had stripped off her t-shirt right there in my living room - right there in front of me! Lucky for me, it was the end of the month... Her boobs were as perfect as I had imagined. They didn't sag or droop an inch when released from her tight shirt. Her nipples were tight and erect, right at the center of two perfect pink, quarter-sized areola.

"Ben? Ben. Ben!" Emily giggled and I became aware I'd missed the last several seconds of whatever she'd been saying. "Are you alright, Ben?" I nodded. "They're just tits, Ben. Although, I'm happy you like them." I nodded again. "Why don't you have a seat, Ben? You look like you're gonna fall over." Emily giggled again. I loved that giggle.

"As I was saying," Emily continued, "I actually don't have to be back at work for a little while. It turns out they overscheduled us tonight. I just want to be back for the dinner rush. Seeing as we've got some time to kill, I thought maybe I'd hang out here for a little bit?"

I finally found my voice. "That sounds great!" Too eager. "That sounds great," I repeated more measuredly. I'm not sure when Emily had put on my girlfriend's shirt, but I was finding it easier to think now - even despite her nipples poking so prominently through the thin cotton. "What do you want to do?"

"Well..." Emily stretched out the word as she stretched her arms up to the ceiling, bringing the shirt up to expose her midriff temporarily. She giggled again as she couldn't help but notice me noticing her body. "Maybe we could finish what you started?"

"What?"

"You know. You could go get your laptop and we could finish whatever you were watching. I'm always curious what other people are into."

"I don't know..."

"Come on, Ben, it'll be fun!" She bounced in her chair as she said so. I was still hesitating, so Emily got up and went back to the bedroom herself. She talked as she walked, "Look, it'll be harmless. You touch yourself; I'll touch myself. No harm, no foul."

I finally gave up. This was too good an opportunity to miss. And she was right, if we both kept to ourselves, then we weren't doing anything too illicit, right? But then I remembered what I had been watching when Emily knocked.

"Ohhhh," I heard from the doorway. "Busty college slut titty-fucks lucky guy," Emily read the title as she carried my laptop back to the living room. "I should have guessed. And she's a brunette too. Fantasizing about anyone in particular?" she teased me.

I was so embarrassed. I don't always masturbate thinking about Emily... but I'd be lying if I didn't say she's a lead actress in my mental entourage. I didn't know how this was supposed to proceed (my girlfriend knew I watched porn, but we had never watched together), so I was glad Emily was taking the lead. She set my laptop on the coffee table, sat down next to me, unzipped her pants, and cuddled up next to me. Already, we were touching, but I guess it wasn't sexual touching.

"I usually watch girl on girl," Emily casually informed me. "I just find the female form more sensual. But I can get off to this too."

I was watching, but I couldn't pay attention. I was too nervous about what I was expected to do next, and I kept stealing glances at Emily's unzipped jeans. Emily kept looking from the porn to me, back to the porn, and back to me. "Go ahead," she encouraged. "Finish what you started." When I hesitated, Emily stood up, unceremoniously shoved her pants and underwear to the floor in one motion, and sat back down. That was enough for me. One glance at Emily's tight ass, and my dick popped through the flap of my boxers all by itself. "Finally!" Emily said. "That's what I've been waiting for."

The porn was long-forgotten. I was too busy admiring Emily's fit body, the curve of her thighs, and the trimmed brunette triangle of hair just above her pussy lips. Likewise, Emily was too busy admiring my penis. It stood proudly erect, 8" long and 4" around. "You've got some good equipment," she complimented me as casually as if we were comparing kitchenaid mixers. And with that, she got to work: she stuck three fingers of her right hand in her mouth, sucked them gratuitously, lowered them to her pussy, and began fingering her clit. I was awestruck and frozen in place. Rolling her eyes, Emily grabbed my right hand, licked my palm up to my fingertips, sucked three of my fingers into her mouth, and then placed my hand on my dick. I got the message and started stroking.

We watched each other play for what felt like a lifetime. Every fidget of her fingers, every twitch of her thighs, every flutter of her eyelashes, and every gasp from her lips was burned into my memory forever. She knew exactly how to touch herself to get herself off, and I knew she was telling the truth when she said she spent her days off the same way I do. All too soon, her body tensed up and I knew she was on the verge of orgasm. Still, she surprised me one last time.

"Choke me," she demanded softly.

"What?"

She looked me right in the eye, and said, "Choke me."

I was too far gone to remember our "hands to ourselves" rule, so ever the accommodating host, I wrapped my left hand around her neck and squeezed. That pushed Emily over the edge and her whole body convulsed and shook with orgasm. Her fingers were a blur on her clit. Her face turned red and her lips clamped tightly shut. I almost came just at the sight of this powerful orgasm.

When she finally opened her eyes and gasped for breath, I released my grip on her throat. She came down slowly and her breathing evened out. She looked me in the eyes again. "Thank you."

"No, honestly, thank you! That was the sexiest thing I've ever seen."

"Did you get off too?" Emily asked, while looking around for some evidence of my cum.

"No, not yet."

"Is that due to performance anxiety, or wishful thinking?" Emily asked coyly.

"I was a bit distracted," I teased back.

"Well, I think I need to thank you for letting me in to borrow a shirt," she suggested. My heart leapt as Emily slid to the floor in front of me. She grabbed my dick with her right hand, which was still wet from playing with her pussy. She started to jack me off, slowly but firmly. As I sunk into my seat on the couch, she leaned forward and licked all the way up my shaft, before sucking the head into her mouth. She rolled the head around and flicked her tongue on the underside. Then, she steadily and deliberately pushed my dick deeper and deeper into her throat until her nose was in my pubic hair. I twitched in her mouth, but held on for dear life. I didn't want this to end just yet. She pulled her head back off my penis and breathed in deeply, a trail of spit leading from my tip to her lips.

"Have you ever actually titty-fucked a busty college slut?" she asked me. I shook my head violently and Emily giggled. "Well, what are you waiting for?" She got up on her knees in front of me, bunched up my girlfriend's shirt until it covered her boobs but exposed her midriff again, and pulled me by my knees toward the front of the couch. She spit into her own cleavage and then rubbed it in. Seemingly frustrated by the lack of lubrication, her eyebrows furrowed briefly. Then, her eyes brightened as she reached down to her still dripping pussy, inserted one finger at a time between her lips, and then brought her now re-wetted hand to rub into her cleavage. Satisfied, she turned her attention back on me and thrust my penis between her luscious boobs. As she bounced her tits on my cock, I thought nothing could ever top this experience.

I was glad I had already cum this afternoon and had been on round two when Emily knocked, or I never would've lasted as long as I did. The feeling of her big boobs squeezing my cock, the knowledge that her pussy juice was providing the lube, the sight of my dick peeking out of her cleavage, and the taboo of Emily wearing my girlfriend's shirt were leading me to orgasm quickly. Emily looked up at me with her big beautiful doe eyes and asked if I wanted to try one more thing with my little college slut. Of course I did.

Emily extracted my cock from her tits, stood up, and walked around the coffee table. I watched her ass sway and wondered what she had in store for me next. Emily laid on her back on the coffee table with her head towards me, poked her chin toward the ceiling, looked me in the eye, and winked. That was all the invitation I needed. I got on my knees and roughly shoved my cock down her throat again. I fucked her face like I longed to fuck her pussy. Emily fondled my balls while I drove my dick in and out of her mouth recklessly. This final position was too much and I quickly told her, "I'm gonna cum!" I pulled out and reached to start jerking myself off, but Emily slapped my hand out of the way and took over finishing the job.

"Cum!" she ordered. "Cum all over my pretty little face. Cum all over my slutty little lips. Cum all over my tits in your girlfriend's tiny little shirt!" Who was I to refuse her request? After so much buildup, I came everywhere. I came on her pretty little face. I came on her slutty little lips. I came on her tits in my girlfriend's tiny little shirt.

Emily smiled and giggled. "Yummmm, that was so much fun!" she exclaimed. She sat upright and turned to look at me. Her mascara was running down her cheeks, there was spit all over her face, cum was dangling off her nose and her chin, there were puddles of cum on her clavicle running down into her cleavage, and there were wet spots of cum on her shirt.

In my post-cum clarity, I began to feel an inkling of guilt, but Emily promptly squashed that. "Your girlfriend was in on this by the way."

"What!?"

"Your girlfriend was in on this. She spilled the marinara on me on purpose. She told me you'd be here masturbating. She told me you fantasized about my tits. She told me to get a little crazy with you. If you don't believe me, check your phone."

My phone? Where was my phone? I ran to the bedroom to retrieve it, and there was a text from my girlfriend from half an hour ago. "Send me a photo of that little cumslut!" I chuckled at how I'd been set up, and in admiration for my wonderful girlfriend. We'd talked about opening our relationship but only as a fantasy while we were fucking. I never thought she'd actually condone it.

"She wants a photo," I informed Emily. Emily smiled at me with cum still dripping off her face, with her nipples poking through my girlfriend's shirt, and with her neatly trimmed bush on display. She gave a peace sign as she posed for the photo.

"Send that to me too," Emily requested. I offered her a tissue, but she only cleaned up the mascara and then threw the tissue away. "I think I'll leave the cum there. At least until I get back to work. I heard it's good for the skin." Emily winked at me as she pulled on her jeans. "Hey, you should meet us for drinks after work. And no more jacking off between now and then! I don't think we're done with you just yet."

Emily headed out the door, and I collapsed onto the couch. As I looked to my right, I saw Emily's black thong on the floor under the coffee table. My phone chimed, and I saw a new message had arrived. Emily had sent me a photo. She was back at work and she had taken a selfie in the bathroom mirror. My girlfriend was with her and was licking a glob of my cum off Emily's face. The message read, "I got some help cleaning up before I clocked in." Despite all it had been through today, my cock rallied to attention. It was going to be tough not masturbating again until I met up with these girls for drinks.


Emily Ch. 02

Fun with girlfriend's coworker continues in bar after work.

It seemed like midnight would never come, but finally I was walking into the bar my girlfriend and her coworkers frequent after work. I had thought abstaining from jacking off would be difficult, but honestly I was so worn out from my first round with Emily that I needed the time to refuel. I glanced around to our favorite spots in the bar and quickly found my girlfriend waving me over toward the corner booth.

Like her coworkers, my girlfriend Abby was still dressed for work in a black v-neck t-shirt and black leggings. Her shoulder-length brown hair had been set free from its ponytail. Her 32C boobs had not been set free from her push-up bra. She looked a bit like a 5'10" version of Anna Kendrick.

Abby got up so I could slip past her into the booth. That left Abby at the end, me next, Emily in the middle, a girl I hadn't met after Emily, and another coworker (Beth? I think?) at the other end. "The guys are milling around the bar trying to get laid," Abby informed me. "Joke's on them, we snagged the hottest girl for our table!" The girl I hadn't met yet choked on her beer, glared briefly at Abby, and then stared down into her beer, blushing. "Oh I'm just teasing you! Ben, this shy little thing is Becky." Becky smiled at me and held out her hand. "She was one of my last tables tonight. She got stood up for a date - don't be embarrassed! He was probably a loser anyway! - She got stood up tonight, so we invited her out with us."

"Nice to meet you, Becky." I reached across Emily to shake Becky's hand. Becky was cute. She looked like Kristen Stewart when she chooses to be blonde. On any other night, I would've enjoyed chatting up Becky, but tonight I was a bit distracted by what the hell would or would not happen with Emily and my girlfriend later. "Well, I should probably catch up a bit. Abby, will you let me out so I can go grab a drink?"

"I'll come too!" the coworker I was now sure is named Beth announced. "I'm due for another round." Beth followed me up to the bar.

"I'll have a pint of the rotating pale ale, whatever it is tonight. Whatever Beth is drinking...you know what, how about another round for that whole table in the corner. Thanks!"

"Aw, thanks Ben!" Beth leaned in to hug me. Then, just soft enough for me to hear, she said, "I hope you're expecting to get lucky tonight. Although, I suspect you already did. I walked into the bathroom at work earlier and found your girlfriend and Emily taking a pretty interesting photo. Was that all your cum I saw on Emily's face? By the look on Abby's face it must have tasted pretty good. I wouldn't mind getting a taste myself. If Abby's cool with it, of course."

"Here are your drinks, Ben. On your tab?" the bartender interrupted.

I nodded, as Beth took her beer off the tray. "Think about it!" Beth said as she winked at me and headed off to chat with one of the male waiters they worked with: Mark, or Mack, or Matt...or Chris...not important.

I set the tray of drinks on the table and Abby got up to let me by. As I settled into the middle of the corner booth, I tried to get caught up on the conversation. Becky was a sophomore at the local college, studying engineering. Tonight was supposed to be her first date since high school, as she had preoccupied herself with her studies.

I was already only half-listening, when I became further distracted by the feeling of a hand resting on my upper thigh. I turned to my girlfriend and saw her smirk, but she never broke eye contact with Becky.

"There must be a lot of guys in your classes to choose from. I wouldn't get too hung up on this one." Abby said casually, as she started pulling down my zipper with one hand. I definitely did not hear Becky's answer, as Abby fished my cock out and held it gently. Maybe I'm alone in this, but I love the feeling of starting out soft and growing in a girl's hand or mouth. As opposed to getting aroused and hard before even getting my pants off. Abby knew this about me. Lucky for me, she also finds it erotic to suck on me while I'm still soft, although I don't stay soft for long in her mouth. As Abby began stroking me under the table, I looked around the bar and sipped my beer, trying to not draw too much attention to myself. It felt like everyone knew and was talking about it, but I'm sure that was all in my head. The bar was dark and the benches were pushed in a little too far under the table.

At some point, Becky excused herself to use the restroom. My girlfriend looked at me, then looked at Emily. I looked at Emily. Emily looked at me, then my girlfriend. I felt like the three of us were having a conversation, but that I didn't speak the same language as the two girls. Emily looked back at me, giggled, winked, and then slipped under the table. I looked at Abby, who smiled back at me. Next thing I knew, Abby's hand was gone and the now familiar feeling of Emily's lips had replaced it. I must've groaned involuntarily because Abby shushed me. But what was I supposed to do as I felt Emily's tongue trailing up one side of my dick and down the other? I just hoped that Abby's body, the purses on the floor, and the darkness of the bar would hide what we were doing.

Becky returned to the table and slid back into her end of the bench, which was somewhat across from me in this corner booth. "Where's Emily?" Becky asked.

"Oh, she got tired of peanuts, so she went looking for a bigger snack," my girlfriend quipped.

"Oh, okay." Becky accepted. "So, how did you two meet?"

I couldn't believe how casually my girlfriend was talking to this new girl, while her friend was under the table blowing me. Emily was getting so sloppy, I was sure my pants were gonna have a big wet spot on them from her spit. Meanwhile, the suction from her throat was pulling me in like Emily's uvula was itchy and she needed my help to scratch it.

"Anyway, long story short, he dragged me away from the punch bowl, pulled me into the bathroom, and railed me over the counter until I came hard enough to see stars." I heard my girlfriend conclude.

"Oh! My goodness!" Becky blushed furiously.

"Yeah, we were about your age at the time, and we've been together ever since." I added. Or, I think I added. I may not have actually made any words in my Emily-induced delirium.

"That's very, uh, that's very nice- sweet that you've been toget- where did Emily get off too?" Becky stammered.

"Oh, I don't think she's gotten off yet..." Abby purred. "Although, she tells me she can get off this way."

"Wh-" Becky started, but was interrupted by my girlfriend yelping. Emily had jabbed at her under the table for gossiping. Becky's eyes suddenly narrowed and she looked at the expression on my face. She leaned to the side and looked down under the table, then bolted upright. "Oh. My. Goodness!"

"Relax," my girlfriend chided.

"I should probably be going now." Becky started.

"Relax, please, stay." My girlfriend pleaded.

Becky grabbed her coat and began to stand. Emily relinquished my dick when I was so close to cumming. It took all my discipline to stop from cumming all over the underside of the table now that Emily's mouth wasn't there to catch it. Emily reached out from under the table and grabbed Becky's hand and pulled her back to a sitting position. I watched as Emily waddled on her knees over toward Becky, pulled Becky's knees apart, reached up under Becky's sundress, and pulled down Becky's pink thong.

"What are you- I've never- here!?" Becky stammered.

Emily wasn't to be deterred. She dove face first under Becky's dress and got to work. Becky sat up straight as an arrow and clamped her lips together tightly. But she didn't move and she didn't ask Emily to stop.

"See? No reason to leave yet." My girlfriend insisted with a smile.

Emily peeked out from under Becky's dress for just a moment. "Someone was planning to get lucky tonight. She's completely shaved down here." Becky blushed even redder if possible. Emily pulled Becky's thong the rest of the way off and tossed it in my lap. My girlfriend promptly picked up the thong, wrapped it around my dick, and resumed softly stroking it for me - not enough to get me off, but enough to keep me interested as she liked to say (but really, how could I not be interested at a time like this?).

"So Becky, what are you planning to do with your engineering degree?" Abby asked with a smirk. Becky was, at this point, incapable of even making eye contact with Abby, let alone answering her. Abby picked up her beer and sipped it, waiting patiently for an answer she knew would never come.

I was at my wit's end. I had been so close to cumming when Emily abandoned me, now my girlfriend was stroking my dick with some other girl's thong, while Emily was on her knees eating that girl out.

Becky was still sitting up straight like her spine was made of steel. Her big green eyes were open wide, looking wildly around the bar. Suddenly, she squinted them shut tightly, and whimpered. Her hand fell from the table and slapped the seat cushion next to her. With her elbow locked, she slapped the seat cushion again and again and again. She let out a little squeak that was luckily drowned out by the bar's music. Finally, her eyes and her mouth shot open simultaneously as she sucked in a big gulp of air, held it, and then let it out slowly, sinking into the seat cushion and slumping against the seat back at long last. Her eyes fluttered and her mouth hung open, as her breathing returned to normal.

My girlfriend looked around the bar to make sure the coast was clear, and then nudged Emily with her feet. Emily took the signal and shimmied up into her seat between me and the nearly comatose Becky. "Sorry we got interrupted," she said to me.

"No, that was fantastic. That was so hot. I mean, I knew your oral skills were second to none..." Abby slapped me on the arm. "...except for Abby's of course. But - well - your oral skills - with girls - also are - good?" I don't understand why I always sound like such a moron when I talk to Emily. I blame it on her cleavage. No wait, her nipple is out!

"Ahem," my girlfriend looked at Emily and flicked her eyes downward pointedly.

Emily followed Abby's eyes to her own nipple. "Woops!" She said, but she didn't seem that embarrassed as she tucked herself back into her shirt. "I got kind of excited down there. It's not every day you get to eat out such a cute young college girl. To your point, Ben, yes, my 'oral skills with girls also are good'." Emily giggled. "I have had a little practice since my own college days."

"How about you, Becky?" my girlfriend asked. "You didn't seem able to say much, but I do think I heard you use the word 'never'?"

"No! Never!" Becky gasped.

"Well I'm glad we could-" my girlfriend started but was interrupted.

"I've never been eaten out before." Becky finished.

"What!?" Emily demanded. "I figured by how shy you were that this might be your first time with a girl, but it was your first time getting your pussy licked at all?? Damn, I should've at least bought you a drink first."

"No, it was fine. Really, it was amazing. I see now what all the fuss was about."

Emily giggled. "Well, if you'd like to return the favor, Abby here has never been with a girl before..."

"Oh I could never! Here??" Becky blushed profusely again.

"No, not here." Emily advised. "Ben and Abby live just a couple blocks away. We're taking this party back to their place."

"We are?" I asked excitedly.

Abby winked at me and grabbed me by the hand. Emily grabbed Becky by the hand and followed us out.


Emily Ch. 03

Girlfriend's coworker directs a live lesbian show for me.

Stepping out of the bar, into the cool, quiet night air was sobering. My girlfriend Abby was holding my hand, and clasped between our palms was Becky's thong. A few paces behind us, a blushing Becky was being led to our apartment by the giggling Emily.

I spoke softly to Abby: "Where the hell did all this come from?"

Abby slowed her pace somewhat to walk closer in-step with me. "I don't know. I've fantasized about something like tonight happening, and I know you have too. I guess I was nervous to ever try it for real though. But I love you and I trust you and I want to have fun with you. Sending Emily to the apartment to give you a blowjob and a titty-fucking was planned. Picking up Becky and what just happened in the bar was all pretty spontaneous. Emily sure is a wild one... I wanna be a little wild too."

"Hey, this has been the best day of my life, so if you wanna do more of this, then I'm in. I love you too." I told her.

"Good," she kissed me on the cheek. "Now shut up, you're spoiling the mood."

I smiled as Abby sped back up walking toward our apartment. I tuned in to the conversation the other two girls were having.

"No, never!" Becky was explaining. "Well, except... So one time, in my freshmen year, my roommate and I had a couple guys over in our dorm. We were playing truth or dare, and well, you know how boys are, so they dared us to kiss. It was real quick, just a couple of seconds, but I think she was trying to rev the guys up, so she grabbed my boob while we were kissing. I panicked and said I had to go study and I left her there with the two guys."

"So that's your only girl-girl experience?" Emily asked.

"Yes, ma'am." Becky replied. "I'm from a pretty conservative town, so we didn't do things like that."

"And you've never been eaten out before tonight. Damn, you're missing out. Speaking of, what happened with your roommate and the two guys?"

"Oh!" Becky blushed again. "I never got the full story, but when I came back in the morning, I found the three of them naked on the futon. I tiptoed around the apartment, grabbing my books for the day, and then left for class. When I came back that evening, the guys were gone and I never saw them again."

"Damn. Well, no missing out tonight. Tonight we're gonna have some fun. I mean, more fun than we've had already." Emily declared.

Abby unlocked our apartment and led us all toward the bedroom. I was glad I had straightened up while I was waiting to go to the bar, just in case. I stood dumbly in the corner waiting to be told what my role would be in tonight's proceedings. Becky and Abby were making idle small talk. We seemed to all be waiting for our instigator, who had disappeared at some point between the front door and the bedroom door.

Emily seemed to know she was our ringleader because as soon as she entered the bedroom holding a bottle of red wine from our kitchen, she started giving orders. "Abby, give me your corkscrew, you know I always lose mine. Ben, pants off. Becky, - no, keep the dress on for now - just bring that chair over here. Abby, bring me four of Ben's ties. Ben, pick up the pace, shirt off, boxers off, let's go!"

We all stumbled around the bedroom, trying to each do our part. Abby brought over my four ugliest ties. Were we each going to wear one? That could be interesting. Becky set down the chair facing the bed. I took off my clothes and stood there proud of my body (and my semi-hard erection). Emily took a swig of wine straight from the bottle, looked me up and down approvingly, and then pushed me down into the chair.

"Abby, give me a hand." Emily and Abby got to work tying my arms to the chair arms and my legs to the chair legs. I was bound, naked, with an erection that had been begging to go off for hours. "Good, good." Emily looked around appraising the scene. "Ok, we want Becky to feel safe, so Ben, you're staying right here where your libido can't get the best of you. Girls, on the bed!" Emily stripped off her shirt (Abby's shirt, borrowed that afternoon and still spotted with my dried cum) and let her gorgeous 34Es bounce free.

"This is gonna be fun!" Emily cheered. "I was just telling Ben this afternoon about how I mostly watch girl-girl porn. Now I get to direct my own little scene for Ben to watch!"

"Ok, Ms. Director. What's first?" Abby asked.

"First, I want to see your tits, Ms. Abby." Abby crossed her arms to take off her shirt. "No no no," Emily tutted. "Becky, I want you to take off Abby's shirt for her."

Becky blushed but reached forward eagerly. She grabbed my girlfriend's shirt and raised it up slowly, revealing inch after inch of skin. The shirt caught briefly on Abby's 32Cs in her push-up bra, before springing upward to cover her face. Becky looked away embarrassed. "You both have such nice boobs," Becky lamented.

"Thank you," Abby replied. "Do you want to see more of them?"

Becky didn't answer, but reached around to unclip Abby's bra. As Abby shook the bra off her shoulders and down her arms, her boobs swung back and forth. I've always thought my girlfriend was the hottest girl I'd ever seen naked. Her areola are nickel-sized, light brown, with perpetually erect nipples that often poke through her shirts.

"Becky, show Abby how much you like her tits." Emily directed.

Becky leaned forward and took Abby's left nipple into her mouth. She sucked on it gently and my girlfriend hummed in pleasure. Then, Becky bit down slightly and my girlfriend yelped in surprise. Becky released my girlfriend's nipple and looked at her in horror, but my girlfriend smirked at her and ordered, "Come here!" They wrapped their arms around each other and began making out.

"My work here is done," Emily declared. We all looked at her in confusion. "What? I'm a deist director. I put the cogs in place, now it's time for you two to get it on. I'm sure you'll figure out the rest." Abby and Becky shrugged and got back to it.

Emily got off the bed and started walking toward me, while unbuttoning her pants. She stopped to push them to the floor, presenting me once again with her neatly trimmed bush. "Woops," she said. "I was going to stuff my panties in your mouth to keep you quiet during the show, but I forgot my panties are still under your coffee table."

Just then, a black thong landed on Emily's shoulder. We both turned toward the bed and saw my girlfriend smirking at us, already somehow completely naked, with Becky once again sucking on her nipples.

"This'll do." Emily agreed. "Ah, and this one too." Emily bent to pick up Becky's discarded pink thong from the floor by my chair. She wadded them both up and stuffed them in my mouth. "Perfect."

Emily turned toward the bed, and while I was disappointed to lose sight of her perfect tits, I had the consolation of seeing her perfect ass. "Is this seat taken?" she asked, as she backed up toward my hard cock. She put her hands on top of each of my hands, raised up onto her tiptoes, and then guided her pussy toward the tip of my cock. "Best seat in the house," she decided as she lowered herself onto me. There was no up and down. She must've been as excited as I was by the show in front of us because she lowered herself steadily, slowly, deliberately onto me until I was balls deep in her pussy. If I thought her throat was snug, her pussy felt like home for my dick. As she rested her ass cheeks on my thighs, she groaned. "Oof, that feels good. That's all the activity you're getting though. You gotta wait your turn."

And so, we turned our attention to the two hot girls on the bed. Emily leaned toward the side to make sure I had an unobstructed view, but otherwise didn't grind or move her hips at all. It felt like she was making a mold of my dick, as her pussy held such warm and tight, unmoving pressure around it for so long.

Meanwhile, Becky was trailing her way down my girlfriend's body, one kiss at a time. "Just do what comes natural. What you would want done to you. What Emily did to you a couple hours ago." Abby instructed. With that, Becky nodded, took a deep breath, and dove in. We watched as Becky tongued and sucked on Abby's clit. Becky lowered herself a bit more and thrust her tongue into my girlfriend's pussy and licked her deeply. Then she moved back up and munched on her outer lips while swiping her tongue up and down. Abby, for her part, seemed to be loving it. She began moaning in ecstasy, but as Becky's intensity grew, Abby threw her head from side to side. "Oh my God. Oh my God! OH MY GOD! Ben, she- ooooooh- she may be better than you! Damn, Emily, you must be a good teacher! Fuck!"

"I'm so proud of my student!" Emily beamed. Emily had taken to masturbating while watching this show. She still wasn't moving her hips on me, but as she swiped her fingers faster and faster across her clit, I could feel her pussy muscles contracting around my cock. It wasn't much, but it was building a long-awaited orgasm in me.

Becky persisted and my girlfriend screamed. "OooooooOOOOOOOO ahhhhhhieeeee" followed by staccato whimpers told me my girlfriend was cumming.

Simultaneously, Emily bent forward in front of me and then began shaking. I could feel her pussy milking my cock without her ass cheeks ever breaking contact with my thighs. Emily took a deep breath and then looked over her shoulder at me. "Thanks, Ben. That was just a small orgasm, not like the one you gave me earlier. But enough to tide me over til later. For now, I'm due on set." She giggled as she raised herself off of me slowly, and it was agonizing for my dick to be released again without cumming. I wasn't sure how much more of this I could take. My hands were still bound to the chair, so I couldn't even take care of myself if I wanted to. As Emily's pussy finally broke contact with my cockhead, a thin sticky thread of her cum continued to connect us until it too finally broke away.

Emily climbed onto the bed. "That was amazing, girls. I know Abby enjoyed herself. What about you, Becky?"

"It got me so turned on hearing her cum and knowing I caused it. Damn. And she tastes so good! I had no idea!" Becky effused.

"Oh, really? Let me try some." Emily said as she put her hand on the back of Becky's head and pulled her into a deep kiss.

I was aching watching this and anticipating what was coming next.

"Two of us are naked, and one of us is still wearing a dress." Abby pointed out.

"Hmm, that doesn't seem fair, now does it? Becky, arms up!" Emily ordered. She reached for the hem of Becky's dress and started raising it up over her body. I was gradually treated to views of her luscious thighs, shaved pussy, and firm tits. If I had to guess, they were 34A, with dime-sized pink nipples.

"I don't like wearing bras. No one at my college seems to mind." Becky explained.

"I'm sure they don't. They're so perky and fun!" Abby told her.

"I wish I had big boo- er, tits like you two." Becky complained, blushing.

"No, they're perfect!" Emily exclaimed. "Look, I can fit a whole one in my mouth." Emily attempted to demonstrate, but only managed to get about half of a boob in her mouth. She giggled, "See they're not even that small! I love them." Becky looked like she wanted to respond, but Abby wrapped her up in a kiss.

The next hour was a blur of limbs and moans and tits and giggles and blushes and smirks. Becky made out with Abby while Emily ate Becky's pussy. Abby lay down while Emily sat on Abby's face and Becky ate Emily out again. The three girls lay in a triangle on the bed with Abby licking Becky who was licking Emily who was licking Abby. At some point, Abby retrieved her bag of toys from under the bed and shared them with the girls. Becky grinded on my girlfriend's vibrator while eating out a standing Emily, while Abby laid back and watched with her fingers on her clit. Becky and Abby knelt on the ground and bent over the bed, while Emily shoved dildos into each of their pussies. Emily and Abby scissored while Becky licked from one pussy to the next. Becky and Abby sixty-nined while Emily laid back with her fingers on her clit. I lost track of how many orgasms they each had. Meanwhile, I sat forgotten on the side - a lonely voyeur with an aching cock. Finally, the three girls collapsed onto the bed, spent.

I managed to spit the two thongs out of my mouth and gasped for air. "Abby...please..."

"Oh, my god. Ben, I forgot you were there." Abby said.

"Oh, Ben, I'm sorry, I promised you more fun later and then we forgot about you. I think I'm too tired to get you off right now." Emily said.

"I wouldn't mind helping him out..." Becky suggested, blushing.

"Becky! What has gotten into you!?" Emily feigned shock.

"When we met you tonight, you were this demure country blonde college girl. SOMETHING has corrupted you." Abby smirked.

Becky blushed harder. "Look, this has been fun and all. I really appreciate the new experiences you girls gave me, not to mention all the orgasms. But I went out tonight expecting to get some dick."

"Well, help yourself." Abby offered with a wink at me.


Emily Ch. 04

Girlfriend and her coworker watch me fuck our new friend.

I had never seen anything so erotic. Sitting on the bed, backs resting against the headboard, were the two hottest girls I had ever known: my girlfriend Abby and her coworker Emily. They were both completely naked. They both had bedhead, from all the head they had been getting and giving in bed. Their generous chests were flushed. Four erect nipples were pointed at me. Emily had a neatly trimmed triangle of hair above her pussy. My girlfriend had a narrower rectangle above hers. Their legs were intertwined and the tips of their big toes were touching. They each had one arm around the other girl and the other arm holding a glass of wine. They were waiting, like I was, to see what would happen next.

In the foreground, was a petite college sophomore we had met earlier that night named Becky. I could only assume Becky was a natural blonde because her pussy was completely shaved. Her face was glistening with the other girls' cum. She was sitting at the foot of the bed, arms by her sides gripping the sheets, legs swinging as she considered where she wanted to start. Becky had been through a lot of firsts tonight, and it seemed like she wasn't done yet.

I was still bound, naked, to the chair, my dick aching for relief after hours and hours of teasing.

Finally, Becky seemed to make a decision. She stood up confidently, and slinked toward me, swinging her hips exaggeratedly. She sank to her knees in front of me and reached out with both hands, left on my balls, right on my shaft. "I have been waiting for this all night," she told me. She stuck out her tongue and touched it gently to my balls and then trailed it slowly up my shaft and around the head once. Then, she sucked the head into her mouth, looked up at me, and winked with her lips still wrapped around my dick. She started jacking her hand up and down my shaft firmly. Just then, a small squeeze bottle of lube landed at her feet. Becky stopped sucking me just long enough to turn to my girlfriend and thank her. Becky globbed plenty of lube onto my penis and then resumed stroking me, faster now.

I felt euphoric at finally getting some real stimulation. I tried to hold off, but I didn't know how long I would last at this point.

Becky returned her lips to my dick and started sucking insistently. With both hands and her mouth involved, she was working every part of my cock. On a downstroke, she left her hand wrapped around the base of my cock and let her mouth take over the stroking. In and out, she worked me deeper and deeper on each pass. I was moaning and groaning in ecstasy. Becky took me as deep as she could (about ¾ of the way down), and hummed a staccato.

All my attention was on the girl on her knees, choking on my dick. That is, until Emily appeared on her knees next to Becky. Emily started coaching, "Yes, girl, just like that. Take that dick. Open your eyes wide and look up at him. That's it. Faster now. Swipe that tongue back and forth. Deeper now. Push some saliva out of your mouth. Take it. Take it! Do you wanna taste that cum? Do you want him to cum down your slutty throat? Deeper!" Emily was tweaking Becky's nipples, making Becky squeal in pleasure around my dick. Then, Emily grabbed a fistful of Becky's hair and started forcing her deeper. I grunted, but managed to hold on. Emily took over complete control of Becky's blowjob. Emily started violently pulling and pushing Becky's head back and forth on my dick. Becky gagged, but as she looked up at me, I could see determination in her eyes. Emily pulled Becky completely off my cock, turned her face 90 degrees, and then spit in Becky's face. The two girls started making out passionately. I glanced up briefly to see what my girlfriend thought of all this. Abby had hunger in her eyes, one hand massaging her tits, and the other hand working her clit.

My attention snapped back to the blowjob as Emily stopped making out with Becky and instead impaled Becky's mouth on my cock until I was lodged firmly in her throat and Becky's nose was buried in my pubic hair. Emily held Becky there until Becky gagged once, twice, three times and then pulled her all the way off as Becky spluttered. Becky took hold of my dick once again and resumed stroking it rapidly. "Enough! Enough!" Becky told Emily. "That was amazing. I've never taken a cock so deep before. But now I want him inside me."

Emily acquiesced and returned to the bed, where she began masturbating right next to my girlfriend. Becky stood, turned around, and seated herself unceremoniously on my dick. She began riding me in a standing, reverse cowgirl.

I couldn't believe I was still holding on. I had felt ready to burst all night and now I was holding on impossibly long. As Becky continued to bounce up and down in my lap, I started to grow concerned. I've done this to myself before. Sometimes, when I masturbate, I'll edge myself too long and then I won't be able to cum. That wasn't an option tonight.

I started thrusting up into Becky as she rode me. Becky stopped bouncing and instead started rolling her hips in my lap. She was working herself to a quick orgasm. She started grunting, higher and higher pitched each time, until finally she screamed and her body shook on me. She stopped briefly to catch her breath and then got back to work, bouncing her assup and down. She untied my hands and I took the opportunity to grab each of her boobs and knead them firmly. She moaned in pleasure and rode me harder. I used one hand to push her forward until her boobs were touching her knees. While she was down there, she untied my feet.

Now, fully freed, I picked her up with my dick still inside her and bent her over the bed. I started pounding into her from behind and she yelped as I dug deeper and deeper into her vagina.

"Damn, babe," said Abby. I looked up at them and saw that Abby and Emily were still sitting side by side, but now their arms were crossed and they were working each other's clits instead of their own. "I love watching you fuck. Fuck, this is hot!"

I grabbed this petite college blonde by the thighs and I spun her around on to her back without taking my dick out of her. I put her feet up on my shoulders, grabbed her thighs, and pounded into her, as I watched her 34As bounce. Her eyes alternated between squinted shut in concentration and wide open in shock. I could tell by her breathing, fast then held then gasped then fast again, that she was going through cyclical waves of orgasmic pleasure. I could tell my abs, my legs, my everything was going to be sore tomorrow. I was sweating profusely trying to bring myself to orgasm with Becky, but I just couldn't do it. I pounded her harder and harder until, at one orgasmic peak, her eyes fluttered then shut, her head slumped to the side, and her arms dropped.

"Um, babe. Babe! Stop!" Abby yelled and started to crawl across the bed toward us.

Becky opened her eyes. "Don't - don't you dare - don't you dare stop. Don't you dare stop him." She pleaded drearily.

Abby stopped and looked at Emily. "Damn," they said together. Abby and Emily crawled along the bed toward us and each took one of Becky's nipples into their mouths. Becky's eyes opened wide as she screamed out in another orgasm. I stepped back from the bed for a moment to catch my breath. Then, I grabbed Becky by the feet and pulled her toward me. I put one hand behind her shoulder and lifted her, set her down on the ground in front of the bed. I raised her ass in the air until only Becky's shoulders and head were still on the ground. I then lined up my dick with her pussy and pounded down into her, while holding her thighs in the air.

Abby crawled off the edge of the bed, put her elbows on either side of Becky's head, and started making out with Becky. Emily crawled up behind Abby, spread her legs which were still on the bed, and started eating Abby out.

I piledrove into Becky and finally felt an orgasm building in my balls. I grunted as the orgasm built in me. WIth a guttural yell, I came deep into Becky's pussy, spurt after spurt until her pussy filled up. I removed my dick and continued to cum down Becky's trim stomach, on her tits, on her face, in her hair...I had never cum so much in my life. When I was done, I dropped Becky's legs to the floor and then dropped to the floor myself, exhausted.

We all lay in a heap, breathing deeply for several minutes. Becky was the first to get up. She quickly disappeared from my peripheral vision, and when I raised my head, she had found her phone. She was taking selfies of all the cum caked to her face and her body. "I've gotta memorialize this night," she told us. "Group photo!" she announced. The three girls crowded together and I took a couple photos with Becky's phone.

"Now a fun one!" Emily called.

The girls all stuck their tongues out and made peace signs. I snapped a photo. They put their peace signs in front of their mouths and stuck their tongues through the V's. I snapped another photo. They continued this photoshoot until they ran out of ideas for poses. Becky then texted the best ones to each of us, so we could all have her number.

"We should get together again soon." Abby suggested. "Maybe we could all watch a movie, and eat starbursts out of each other's pussies?"

Becky blushed, but was the first to say, "Absolutely!"

Becky and Emily got dressed again. Emily giggled as she convinced Becky to leave her underwear behind and leave the cum on her face, at least until they found Becky's car. We exchanged hugs, and the girls finally left.

"Hey babe," Abby started after she shut the door. "I texted one of those photos to Beth, and she wants to join us for movie night. And speaking of movie night....I didn't tell you, but I installed a hidden camera in our bedroom the other day. I was expecting to catch a little action with Emily TBD. But do you wanna watch tonight's video?"

I took a deep breath and laughed. "Maybe tomorrow night, hun."



