More Therapy
by edithdick 

More Therapy - Chapter 9

After Heidi left, Dr. Crowe rounded on us and asked, “Sophie, did you have a nice run?” Her tone sounded very angry, which Sophie picked up on and began to cower. “That was a bad girl!”

Sophie bowed her head and looked at the ground. I was in shock. I had never seen Dr. Crowe angry before. Even though she was about the same size as me, it felt like she was 10 feet tall. Though she never raised her voice, the tone she used when she scolded Sophie about running away felt like she was screaming at us.

“It is dangerous for you to be running around by yourself. Don’t you know that?” She demanded. Dr. Crowe began walking around me as she spoke. “I’m sorry, Sophie, but this is for your own good. You need to remember not to run outside by yourself.”

*SMACK* *SMACK* *SMACK*

Sophie flinched with each slap across out ass. It stung more than anything I had felt before. I could see as she circled in front of us again that she was still wearing the padded leather gloves.

“Do you understand me?” she asked.

Tears were slipping down my face. I tried telling Sophie how to say yes, but Sophie was cowering so hard, I am certain she wasn’t aware of my in her head.

*SMACK* *SMACK* *SMACK*

“Do you understand me?” she repeated.

Sophie went down on her knees and began crying, but also following Dr. Crowe’s hand with her nose. So as Dr. Crowe walked in circles around us, we were spinning around on our knees and crying. I couldn’t believe how hard she could hit with those gloves on. My butt stung more than I’ve ever felt in my life.

“I’ll take this as a yes. Now stand up.” She told us.

Immediately, Sophie stood. We continued to spin in circles as Dr. Crowe kept walking around us. “Let’s go home.” Dr. Crowe said. “Walk.”

This command, Sophie followed without hesitation. I knew the way back, so every time before we got to the turn, I would tell Sophie ‘left’ or ‘right’. Dr. Crowe would give the same command a half second later, so I am not exactly sure who Sophie was listening to. We walked back without incident, but before we went into the house, Dr. Crowe let Sophie pee first. I was kind of astonished how quickly Dr. Crowe took to behaving like I was a dog.

I was equally surprised how natural it felt to pee outside like that. I remember the first time Tabitha had me pee in the bushes outside the football field. It seemed like such a horrifying experience at the time, but with Sophie doing it, I couldn’t imagine it otherwise. It just felt so normal.

Once we were done with that, she took us inside and gave us a bath. I sort of remember Tabitha and the boys bathing me last year, but this was way different. For one, Sophie was in control of my body, so I was just sort of observing it. Another thing was that Dr. Crowe was very thorough. Last year, the boys just wanted to play with my body, but this time it was really about getting a dirty girl clean.

She started by getting me all wet from head to toe. Next, she scrubbed shampoo into my hair and then rinsed it off with the detachable showerhead. Next, she put conditioner in my hair. The shampoo and conditioner smelled like flowers. While the conditioner set, she scrubbed my body with soap and a luffa. She soaped me everywhere. I had never really had someone wash my back before, it felt nice to have her rubbing me like that.

Next, she rinsed my hair and body off and had me stand up and face her. I knew what she was about to do, but it surprised Sophie when Dr. Crowe began lathering my pubic area with shaving cream. For a second, I thought Sophie was going to pull away, but then the flash memory of being spanked went through her head, and she merely stood there nervously.

As rough as Dr. Crowe had been, disciplining us for running away, she was very gently during out bath. She pulled out a razor and began slow even strokes. Moving her hands up between my legs, she spread me apart and was able to get up underneath. I could feel her fingers pressing against my vagina. Sophie could feel it too and she began panting. My body was getting aroused.

“How does that feel?” Dr. Crowe asked. “I’m not hurting you am I?”

Sophie didn’t answer, but she did smile at Dr. Crowe. When the shave was done, I felt Sophie move my pelvis forward, following Dr. Crowe’s hand. If she had noticed, I couldn’t tell, but in a few seconds, Dr. Crowe was on her feet with a big fluffy towel, drying us off. Next, she drained the tub and had Sophie sit. I felt Sophie panic when the hair dryer started. I tried calming her down, but it didn’t do much good. For about fifteen minutes, Dr. Crowe dried out hair and then for another fifteen minutes she brushed out all of the tangles.

Finally, Dr. Crowe brushed my teeth and led us to the bedroom where… where my suitcase used to be. Sophie didn’t seem too concerned with it, but I could see that my suitcase and more importantly, my clothes were gone. Instead of leading us onto the bed, she had Sophie lie down on the big cushion on the floor.

“Sophie, this is your bed. Now lie down and get some sleep.” She told us. Sophie followed instructions and curled up on the cushion. Dr. Crowe spread a blanket over us and then left the room. As I lay there, I felt Sophie drift off to sleep. As much as I tried to move, I still had no control over my body. With my eyes closed, I could only listen. Dr. Crowe was in the bathroom her brushing her teeth. I could hear traffic in the street and it sounded like a neighbor in an adjoining townhouse was running up the stairs.

I tried again and again, but couldn’t budge. I just focused on opening my eyes, but nothing. Sophie was asleep, and I was awake trying to get up. I wondered if this was what she went through night after night when I was still in control. After some time, I heard the shower running, followed by some other noise I couldn’t place. Dr. Crowe was doing something around the house. Finally, the I heard the door open and she walked into the bedroom.

Sophie heard her too. She snapped her eyes opened and we watched as Dr. Crowe came in wearing a towel wrapped around her body. In her arms was the clothes she had been wearing earlier, which she quickly deposited into the hamper next to the closet. She then took the towel off and hung it on a hook on the door. I was amazed. She was now standing in the room just as naked as I was. Sophie noticed this too, and got up on her knees. I knew that Sophie wanted to play. Perhaps she thought that a naked Dr. Crowe was going to be a puppy, like her. She was wrong.

“Sophie, lay down.” Dr. Crowe instructed. In response, Sophie pressed my chest to the pillow, leaving my butt in the air, which suddenly began to wag excitedly. For a moment, I thought Dr. Crowe was going to scold us again, but instead she laughed at the site of Sophie being so playful. “Do you want to play, girl?”

Sophie did.

“Up, up!” Dr. Crowe told Sophie.

Sophie got up on her knees. She was beaming with joy.

Dr. Crowe approached us with her hand out. She first petted my head and scratched behind my ears. Sophie really liked this attention. Suddenly, Dr. Crowe produced a tennis ball. Sophie watched it as Dr. Crowe moved it left and right. “Do you want this girl?” She asked.

Sophie wanted it more than anything in the world. In a flash, Dr. Crowe threw the tennis ball out of the room and down the hall. Sophie waited until instructed to “Go get it girl!”

With that we were sprinting as fast as my legs could carry us. The ball bounced into a wall, turned left down another hall and rested next to a small table. For a moment, I thought that Sophie was going to try picking it up in my mouth, but it likely wouldn’t have fit anyway. Instead, she scooped it up in my hands and we headed back just as fast as we came.

I felt the sheer joy of a job well done as Dr. Crowe excitedly declared, “Good Girl!”

She continued to play fetch with us for a while. I lost track of time, as Sophie never got bored chasing the tennis ball around the house. Finally, Dr. Crowe stated, “It’s time for bed. Do you need to go potty first?”

Somehow Sophie knew what that meant and ran to the door where the leash was hanging. Dr. Crowe followed us there, but then, after fastening the leash on and grabbing a small plastic bag, just in case, she led us out into her back yard to do our business. It took me a minute to realize that she had not gotten dressed either. There was an eight foot privacy fence, and apparently that allowed her to feel comfortable enough to wander around outside for a bit as naked as we were.

Sophie took her time looking for a good spot. I have no idea what her criteria was, but in a few minutes she seemed satisfied and proceeded to spray urine. It was done quickly and Dr. Crowe led us back into the house. While we were still standing in the doorway, Dr. Crowe pulled out some wet wipes and cleaned off my pussy, inner thighs and the soles of my feet. She also washed her own feet before we went to bed.

I don’t know why, but it was somehow comforting to have Dr. Crowe sleeping nude in the same room as me and Sophie. As I lay there in the dark, I could feel Sophie drifting off to sleep. Still unable to move on my own, I finally let myself rest. It was so peaceful, I didn’t even feel it when Dr. Crowe slipped the blindfold on me the next morning.

“Wake up, Annie.” She told me. “It’s time to go to work.”

My eyes bolted open, but all I saw was darkness. As panic set in, I reached up and finally felt the blindfold. I was so disoriented by being waken up like that that it took me a minute to realize that I was controlling my body again.

“Should I get dressed?” I asked, hopeful that she would be returning my clothes.

“No need for that, the blindfold will do for today.” She said. “I’ll help you organize the desk and memorize the list of patients.”

“Okay.” I said weakly as she led me downstairs to the kitchen. We ate bagels with cream cheese and washed it down with orange juice. She helped me put my shoes on. Aside from those, the one thing I was allowed to wear was the collar. I expected for her to hook me up to the leash, but instead she just took my hand and guided me outside. It had only been a ten minute walk home from her office last night, but she had a few stops on the way this morning.

The first stop was at the post office, where she mailed some claims into the insurance company. Whenever anyone would ask about me, she would tell them that I was her patient, and she wasn’t allowed to tell them more than that.

The next stop was at a restaurant. She had me wait outside while she went in to order our lunch. There were several people who were whispering as they passed me on the street. With my eyes blindfolded, my ears were a lot more focused, and I could hear them discussing me. Either that or there was another naked girl standing in front of the restaurant, but I doubted it.

The only bright side was that nobody seemed to recognize me, and nobody tried talking to me directly. I have no idea how I would have explained why I was standing out here. At least Dr. Crowe would have the patient privacy excuse to fall back onto. For me… I think I would have to give them some reason for it.

The final stop though, I recognized by the smell alone. We walked into my high school. I was walking naked into my high school! “Why are we stopping here?” I asked, nervously.

“Since I am taking the role as your guardian, I need to fill out some forms and explain your new situation.” She told me cheerfully.

“My situation?” I asked.

“Well, we can’t have you showing up like this on the first day of school without giving them some kind of warning.” She explained.

“Well, I can underst… what? What do you mean like this?” I asked. “You expect me to go to school naked?” I asked.

“Hush now, we are almost there.” I heard the click as she pressed down on the latch leading to the administrative office.

“Dr. Crowe, it’s good to see you again. And Annie… Annie? Why are you naked?” I heard Principal McDaniel ask. Before I could answer, she repeated the question to Dr. Crowe.

“So as I told you on the phone.” Dr. Crowe began. “Annie’s parents have relocated to Syracuse. She is staying here under my care while she works through some trauma she experienced a year ago.”

“You did mention that you were to be her guardian for the remainder of her time here.” Principal McDaniel said slowly.

“Well, as part of her therapy, she is unable to wear clothes.” Dr. Crowe said politely.

“Well, I can’t have a student walking around the school naked, now can I?” Principal McDaniel said.

“I promise you, Annie is okay with this. She has been working at my office and has even interacted with some of her classmates in this exact state. It didn’t bother you to spend time with your friend Josh, now did it Annie?” She asked me.

“Well, I mean… no, I enjoyed talking to Josh. How did you…” I started, but since I had already answered her question she was talking to Principal McDaniel again.

“You see? Annie is well adjusted to this already.” Dr. Crowe said.

“That isn’t even the point. Well, it’s only half the point. I can’t have the other students here seeing a naked girl all day!” She said, her voice getting louder as she spoke.

“Normally, I would have to agree with you. But it is my understanding that there were a number of photos of Annie which had spread around the school all last year. Is that not true?” Dr. Crowe asked, again keeping her voice calm and polite.

“Ah, yes.” Principal McDaniel said cautiously. “But what does…”

“So the students have already seen Annie naked on multiple occasions, right?” Dr. Crowe asked.

“I… yes, all of the students, even the middle-schoolers were caught with pictures of Annie for the day she ah, for her incident.” Principal McDaniel agreed.

“So, it isn’t new for Annie and it isn’t new for the other students. So what is the exact issue for us to address here?” Dr. Crowe asked.

“I’m afraid that Annie’s nudity will be disruptive to the entire school system.” Principal McDaniel said flatly.

“I see. Let me ask you, when the photos of Annie were spreading around the school, was it disruptive?” Dr. Crowe asked.

“Not really.” Principal McDaniel admitted. “Except for when her brother Craig and his friends went around trying to get the students spreading the images to delete them. That got pretty disruptive.”

“Well, since that is not an issue this year, we can just conclude that it wouldn’t be disruptive this year, right?” Dr. Crowe asked.

Principal McDaniel knew she was being bested in this argument, and tried her final card. “Images are not the same as seeing a naked person standing in front of you.”

“I will agree that it is not exactly the same thing.” Dr. Crowe admitted.

“Thank you.” Principal McDaniel said, feeling like she finally won a round.

“However, it is only a degree different. What I want to do is what is best for Annie. As her personal psychiatrist, I can assure you that Annie needs to be in school in order to properly heal, and she cannot do so if she has to wear clothes. So I am asking you, as a personal favor to me, to make an exception and allow Annie to attend school here.” Dr. Crowe played her final card, and it was better than I had expected.

“As a favor to you?” Principal McDaniel asked.

“Yes, as a personal favor.” Dr. Crowe agreed.

“Then I want a favor in return.” Principal McDaniel stated.

“Name it.” Dr. Crowe said.

“We are in the running to have the UC system sponsor for a college credited AP magnet program. If you, a renowned psychiatrist, were to give our Advanced Placements students a weekly lecture on behavioral therapy, it would surly push us up the list on this program. In fact, we’d almost be a shoe-in for it.” Principal McDaniel said.

“How about this, I can do once per month and I will make a call to ensure that you are in the final group to be selected. Will that work?” Dr. Crowe asked.

“Done.” Principal McDaniel agreed.

When we walked out of my school, I was suddenly realizing what they had just agreed to. “Do I really have to attend school naked?” I asked.

“I don’t know.” Dr. Crowe admitted. “I just wanted to make sure it was an option, because if Sophie ever came out while you were in school it could have resulted in your expulsion otherwise.”

I nodded. That was true, but I really felt like she was holding something back. We walked in silence the rest of the way to the office.
