The door to reach the Other Side is hidden in a tangle of brown, twisted vines off to their left. The Hatter has a time of it convincing the vines to part, but finally, with bad grace, they do. He opens the door, steps through, and then gently tugs Alice after him. On the other side of the threshold is the leaning house frame, much closer to Alice than it had been before. 

“I don’t know that I shall ever be used to that,” Alice admits, watching the door swing shut behind them. “Doors opening to gardens and random outdoor locations, I mean.” 

“Alice, doors do not open to random locations,” Tarrant informs her, nose twitching in amusement. “They are set to open to very specific places. Having doors that opened to a random place would be dangerous.” 

“How silly of me,” Alice says, grinning up at him. “Thank you for correcting my thinking, Tarrant.” 

“Not correcting. Doors opening in random locations would, by the very nature of the word random, be a difficult thing for one to grow used to. Redirecting, perhaps, would be a more suitable word.” 

They step over another fallen log, apologize to the toadstools (they do this despite these toadstools being inanimate—sentient toadstools tend to be quite rude when one interrupts them, even inadvertently, and there are a great many in Marmoreal ’ s gardens. So many, in fact, that Alice has already developed the habit of apologizing whenever she sees one, even if she has not done anything to disturb them) and approach the shell. 

Alice counts out the number of posts that make up the foundation of the frame (sixteen) and the number of studs in the only wall that is still completely standing (forty-eight) and marvels once again at how different something is done here in Underland as opposed to Above. She turns, sees an outline in the ground in the approximate shape of a circle towards on the rear east side of the building, and walks to it. “What room was this to be?” 

Tie perking, Tarrant follows her. “You wish for a tour?” 

“Yes, would you?” 

“Of course. I must warn you, though, some of the Ideas I had for a home in my youth were very silly.” 

With this promising statement, he starts by pointing to the low circle of stones at her feet. “This tower was to be the bathing chambers.” Tarrant walks over to the squared off section beside it, steps through, says, “The kitchen. I’d thought to put the stove right there.” An awkward step over a fallen beam, and then he is in the next space. “The larder, here. Can you imagine it, Alice, piled high with supplies, filled with happy ingredients and mischievous spices?” 

As he walks, his descriptions for each space get richer and more vivid, so that soon Alice feels as though she is walking in the house as he had envisioned it all those years ago. Ghostly walls rise around them, faintly shimmering in the sunlight. She exclaims over the decorations, compliments the furniture that is not there, and begins to make suggestions for what she would have added to the space, delighted when they mist into being right along with Tarrant’s. 

They walk up stairs that hadn’t even been hinted at before and gesticulate wildly while half-shouting enthusiastic ideas for a master bedroom. Both the size and placement of the bed are decided, along with the style of furnishings and the colors used on the walls. Even the rug hinted at by their feet gets their attention when a full and lively discourse on the advantages of different carpeting styles ensues. 

Once they agree to visit that subject later (as they are both stubbornly insistent that their suggestion should triumph, and can not come to a compromise that pleases either of them fully), they exit that room and linger for a moment in the new upstairs hallway. The shadows of other rooms are hinted at, but neither one of them seems prepared to discuss those. By mutual silent decision, they tromp back down the wispy steps. 

Their tour ends where it had begun, at the outline of the round stone tower that would have been the bathing place. Alice puts a hand on his arm. “I wish I could have really seen it, Tarrant. I wish you could have gotten the house that you wished for.” And just like that, the ghost house dissipates, disappears as if they had never dreamed it, leaving behind only the battered frame of his former imaginings. 

He comes back to reality with a twitch, the brightly manic gleam in his eyes and clothing altering, as he takes on an almost pensive air. (As pensive as someone in the grip of mania can be, at least.) 

“If I had been more diligent, perhaps you would have been able to,” he says, mouth twisting in a rueful, self-depreciating smile. Then, taking a deep breath, he gets to the Root of the Issue: 

“Alice... I was thinking... I was considering... that is...” Tarrant takes another deep breath, then says, “I wanted ye to see this because... I would like to paint a new house for ye. For us . Not here, so far into what was my Place, but...” 

“No.” 

The word is blurted out before she can consider how that one syllable without any supporting explanation would sound. Before her husband can think she is Refusing this extraordinary gift (a Place and a House of their own? She had never thought much about it, had assumed he would want to stay in the castle and close to his work... but now that she has thought about it, she wants it, so very much !) she hurries to add, “The house should be here. I ’ d like it to be here. If you don ’ t mind.” 

“Nay, Alice,” he answers, eyes glistening with unshed tears. “I d ’ nae mind at all.” 

The rest of the day is pleasantly spent on a picnic blanket eating the odd morsel of food (and Alice adores the way that picnic food here in Underland always stays fresh, no matter when you tuck in, and that it is at the proper temperature for consumption as well!) as Tarrant sketches out the ideas he and Alice had dreamed up during their tour of the old house frame. (He ’ d bit his lower lip as he ’ d pulled the sketch book out of the picnic basket, shrugged his shoulders, and said, apologetically, “I didn ’ t know what you ’ d say, Alice, but I ’ d hoped...” to explain its sketch pad ’ s presence.) Additional ideas are made; most are discarded, but the ones that are kept he draws in, until Tarrant finally declares that he believes he has enough to make a Good Start. 

They pack up shortly after that, and Alice takes one last moment to look around the clearing where, very soon, she and Tarrant will have their own home. Surreptitiously, she closes her eyes and pinches her upper arm. When she opens them and the scene is the same, she smiles so widely that she knows, were Chess to see it, he ’ d be very jealous, indeed. 

*~*~*~* 

The next day, Alice watches as Tarrant strides off into the woods, his box of paint colors and jars tucked under his arm, a basket of eggs held in his other hand (“Eggs?” Alice had asked and he ’d answered, “Aye. I ’ll need the yolks to mix in with the pigment... you did wish for me to Paint our home... and not Dust it?”) , and several new paint brushes stuck proudly upright in the sash around his hat. Yes, he will begin Painting their house today while Alice tries to finish her half of the garden. She glances around at the plants that have appeared since she’d begun her work here. Little by little, the rough velvet of their fabric leaves molts and balds, revealing a living, breathing, leafy plant beneath. She had once admired millinery flowers Above for their lifelike detail and handcrafted perfection... but never would she have thought it would be possible to grow them from mere stitchery and conversation! 

She gently tickles the leaves of the buttercups... perhaps in a few days they will be alive enough to bud and then bloom. She counts the four o’clocks and the harebell. A few days ago she had even dared to Sew a few White Queen Flowers near a trellis Tarrant had fashioned for her at her request. But today... Today, now that she is alone with only the not-quite-living plants to talk to Alice has a very specific project in mind. 

As soon as she is sure that she is alone, she digs through her basket of patterns and pulls out one in particular. As she applies it to the garden soil and begins stitching (yes, she has gotten better at this since she’d started!), Alice thinks of Lady Philomena’s description of the Courting gardens, of the vegetable or fruit she might infuse with her True Feelings and invite Tarrant to taste. Alice smiles. She knows precisely what plant this garden needs. She only hopes that she will succeed, that her feelings are strong enough – Enough – to reward him for his patience... 

Alice stitches as quickly as she can and then, finishing that pattern, reaches into the basket for another. This one she applies near and around the first, hoping to hide its uniqueness from view until she is ready to reveal it... and also her intentions to Tarrant. 

“ Blast !” she curses, as the thread on the needle snaps. She ’ d not been speaking aloud enough; her thoughts had wandered off into silence. Her exclamation is enough to have the Thread reform so that she is able to rethread the needle, though, and she reminds herself to Speak! 

“Yes, things are coming along very nicely. Soon we will have a fully-grown garden and freshly-painted house...” Alice knows she still has to decide what to do with her time and energies. (If she is not going to be a mother or a courtier, then there ought to be something she can do with her days while Tarrant is working at his trade!) 

“And soon – in only seven more days! – he’ll have to get back to it!” she fusses. Yes, their Courtship is nearly over! She gasps at the thought. “Just one more week,” she murmurs, darkening the thread. It is hard to believe that in one more week, the time she had promised him will be over... as will his approved holidays from his work. 

Real life is waiting for them to return to it. She shakes her head, sighing. When she is here – in Their Place – Alice forgets (well, no, she doesn’t forget ... perhaps, allows herself to ignore the fact would be more accurate) that there is anyone or anything else in existence in the world. 

Of course there are other people in Underland besides herself and Tarrant. And this fact revisits her on Tuesday morning.