"Uh... remind me.” Brian furrowed his forehead, then tapped the side of his temple gently. “Short memory." 

"What if... Ben weren't here? I mean to say... I returned from Portland... Ben and I had good chemistry. We hit it off, but... this time I listened to all of you, taking everyones' advice. He's out of my life. He's even moved on to a new guy. A Poz guy."

Brian paused, eyes low and staring straight ahead. "He can't have forgotten you that easily." He lifted his head to look down at Michael. "You're one difficult man to erase from the mind."

"Would I even be here... with you, Brian? Or would you be fucking Justin again? Or maybe some other lucky random twink of the night?"

"Hard to say."

"Why?"

"If you were single again, at this point... I doubt very much that Justin would still be in the picture."

"Oh, yeah? Even though he can be very persuasive?"

Brian turned to face Michael, leaning his hip on the counter ledge. "Not enough to make me leave your side."

"That's it?"

"What's it?"

"That would be all you need to pursue me? Me - alone... living the swinging single bachelor life, like you?"

"No. It's a little more complicated than that."

"Oh? How?"

Brian dipped his head toward Michael's face. "The fact I almost lost you... again. And this one...” He chucked his thumb in Ben's general direction, over his shoulder. “... he had the potential to be serious for you."

Michael blinked fast up at Brian, interested to hear more. "Serious? How?"

"The Professor... he looked... he looked like he could have been long term."

"Marriage material?"

"Maybe."

"Does that scare you?"

"Yes... and no. What really scares me is even though I may be a heartless bastard, Ben has the possibility of breaking your heart much worse than I ever could." Brian looked over at Ben.

Ben stared Brian down, knowing what he was mentioning. "My HIV Poz status..."

"Exactly. You die... Michael dies, too. A little every day the closer you grow together. You build a life with him, only to leave him like that in the end... I'll kill you myself." Brian threw Ben a fork, then grabbed his plate to eat at the dining room table.

Michael looked down at the plate Brian had prepared for him. He was afraid to look up at Ben. Brian was right about one thing.

Ben darted his eyes at his food, then toward Michael, who was unable to look at him. Yeah... that had been his one reason for not pursuing Michael. The chance of getting sicker and leaving Michael's side.

"Don't." Michael put out hand for Ben to keep silent.

"I wasn't going to say anything."

"You're thinking it. And you are so wrong. I wouldn't be here... for you, helping you keep your job at Carnegie, if I didn't think we were worth something as a couple. I'm not pissing around waiting for you to die, so I can jump into Brian's bed."

Ben couldn't touch his food, yet. "But... he'll be right there when I'm gone."

"That's not better than me being alone? Alone in my own misery?"

"Michael... of course if I died, I'd want you to move on. But does it have to be him?" Ben bent low over the counter, trying to keep their discussion a bit private.

"Why would you care... you'll be fuckin' dead!" Michael closed his eyes tight, not meaning to sound so pissy. "And... who says Brian and I will still be friends? Maybe you'll get lucky and I won't have anyone around me but you. Then you up and die on me. On the day we bury you, I'm so distraught I step into our bedroom, pull out the bottle of pain pills or Valium I have stored in my night stand drawer... and I'll just slowly drift away."

"Michael... don't be so fuckin' dramatic." Ben picked up his fork to start digging into his carton.

Michael handed Ben the empty plate. "Why not? I'm here, aren't I? How much more not-dramatic can I get?" He hefted up his plate and drink, moving to sit near Brian's right at the table.

Ben sat speechless. Why did he care so much about what Michael would do if he succumbed to his disease? What was it about Brian Kinney that made him intrigued... yet be so fuckin' irritated in the same instance? Ben had sex with Brian, only to discover, little by little... Ben had never been in Brian's head that night or any other night he'd had sex with other men. Another conquest to conquer. Over and done. Move on.

Had Michael been on Brian's mind all this time? Every time he had sex... was Brian thinking about Michael? Was he wishing the men were Michael or was he simply missing his best friend? Why was Ben so upset to know this, to keep questioning? For some reason it was pissing Ben off. To think Brian Kinney was expertly playing his mind-trip games, looking like nothing ever phased him.

Ben took the seat on Brian's left, but down one chair. He only did it so he could look at both Brian and Michael. He looked directly at Brian. "Two questions."

Brian glanced up seeing nothing in Ben's hands but a fork. "Only two? And where's your pencil and paper? Your voice recorder?"

"Off the record. Personal interest."

"Fine, ask away, Benji."

"Two years ago... between us.” Ben gestured between he and Brian. “Did you feel the same as you did back then as you do now? As you've felt all these years?" He took a nice gulp of his beer, eyes intent on Brian's reaction, and eventual answer.

"What do you want to ask me? Where was I emotionally when I was fucking you?" Brian folded his slice of pizza and bit into the dough.

"About Michael." Ben noticed Michael glance up with a chunk of food in his mouth. "How you've really felt about your best friend."

"That... is none of your fuckin' business."

Ben tilted his head, realizing how afraid Brian was of actually approaching the subject. "I used to think it didn't bother me, but... nah... can't put the blinders on anymore."

Michael wiped at his mouth, taking a sip of his juice. "Brian... it's really a simple 'yes/no' question. You won't have to go into specifics."

Brian looked at Michael with fear in his eyes. "Who's asking? You? Or your boyfriend?"

"What?” Michael's face instantly sank into sorrow, then deep concern and worry. “You think Ben and I masterminded this entire scenario to corner you about your feelings?" He stared in puzzled wonder, wanting a quicker answer from Brian.

"No." Brian shook his head, not knowing where he got that bit of anger from. "I know you aren't involved with Ben's research."

"What's stopping you from answering him?" Michael reached out to clamp a comforting hand over Brian's forearm on the table.

"You."

"Me?" Michael giggled, putting a hand to his throat. "How is that possible?"

"Because... it's always been you..."

"Explain, please." Michael gave Brian such a tender smile of encouragement.

Ben didn't know why he never noticed it before, but they looked... they really appeared to look like a married couple. Like somewhere back in the days of junior high into high school something had overtaken them. And even through separations and rocky roads, relationships and too much sex not being had between them... they still managed to remain strong, bonded... companions in every sense of the word.

"It's always been you, keeping me from moving on."

"This is news to me. Never knew I was holding you back. Ma always said that about you."

Brian snickered, finishing up one slice of pizza. "You're not holding me back."

"But you said..."

"Michael, you've never been clear how you feel about me."

"What... does that mean?" Michael was growing more confused than satisfied.

"Prime example... well, now... with Ben."

"What about Ben and me?"

"The fact that it's even a you and Ben."

"I'm still not getting what you're trying..." Michael shook his head in disagreement.

Brian was the one clamping his hand on Michael's arm, soothing up the forearm toward the biceps. "You NEED a 'boyfriend', Michael. To define who you are. You're not like me, able to fuck countless of tricks without a care. You've done it, for awhile... but then you get antsy. Like you need something more."

Michael's voice became quiet. He liked being touched by Brian; there was a comfort there that words could never fill. "You've always know I wasn't like you."

Ben cleared his throat, wiping his napkin over his mouth. "Michael... what I think Brian's trying to say is... you've never given him the chance to BE that boyfriend you need. Isn't that right, Brian?"

"Somewhat...” Brian pursed his lips in mild disturbance, his index finger pointing at Ben. “... and don't ever pretend like you speak for me again."

Ben smirked, only because he knew he had nailed the problem perfectly. "Duly noted."

"Is that really the way you feel, Brian?" Michael stopped eating, covering his hand over Brian's on his arm.

"It's more, like, I don't know where I stand in your world sometimes. You can tell me you love me for the rest of your life, but... you never give yourself room to breathe to find out. Soon you're off seeking out another man to add to your side... who's not me." Brian went back to eating his food, kind of frustrated he was made to say this out loud, and in front of Ben.

"So... am I to blame for our situation?"

"No. I'm only saying that you never let me know if you wanted me that way or not."

"Are you telling me that had I said something like what you mean... you'd have dropped everything... even tricking... just to be with me? As my... boyfriend?" Michael had a difficult time believing this could be true.

"It's a little too late to find out now."

"Don't think so, Brian." Ben responded as he took another drink of his beer.

Brian squinted his eyes over at Ben. "What do you mean?"

"Sounds like you're calling Michael out on his fear. So... what's stopping you?"

"Because... try as I might to see this... you and Michael, as a 'bad thing'... you do make him happy." Brian threw his napkin on his empty plate, pushing back his chair to head into the kitchen.

Ben sat back in his chair, projecting his voice over where Brian stood. "And you tell yourself that's enough for you? That you'd let go of everything you ever wanted... everything you know would make you happy... just so you--what...? What makes you not risk it all for Michael?"

Michael got up, as well, following Brian into the kitchen. "You haven't been the most receptive man to my advances. Especially when you give off this 'I Don't Give A Shit' vibe.

They were standing at the sink, washing off their plates of food.

"When did you give me advances?" Brian stared down at Michael in shock. 

"College. I came up to visit you. On a weekend, I think. I was about to start working at the Big Q. My time wouldn't be so free anymore."

Brian set his plate down in the sink, leaning his hip on the counter. "Michael... I know the time that you're talking about. You were drunk, not to mention high." He combed back a way ward curl from Michael's forehead. "There was no way I'd have fucked you then. I may be a cold-hearted bastard, but I do have morals and decency. I like my bed partners to be somewhat sober and coherent."

Michael took that as an excuse. He shut off the water, shaking his hands of excess moisture. Brian handed him the towel to dry his skin. "You never said a word to me the next day. I embarrassed myself beyond belief... and you didn't mention anything I had said to you."

Brian swung his arm up to cross over Michael's chest. His fingers curled around the shoulder joint. "You're not... you aren't like other men, Michael. I don't think I could simply fuck you and be done with it."

Michael leaned his head on Brian's body. "It's why I push you away, too. You mean more to me than some suck-n-fuck one night stand." He reached up to latch onto Brian's arm.

Brian bent his head to press his face into Michael's drying hair, laying his cheek on the silky waves. "So... why do we keep not hitting the mark with one another?"

"Maybe, in some odd way, what holds us back is... we keep assuming we'll never be enough. I will always think I'm not that good in bed... I'll bore you and you'll stray..."

Brian nodded his head in agreement. "I think... you think... I can't be happy unless I'm miserable and fucking any guy I can get my hands on. I'll think you don't trust me to be monogamous with you. I could never make you happy, if all you're waiting for me to do is disappoint you."

Ben had been watching them from the dining room table, caught up in their "magic", their powerful connection. He was standing at the breakfast bar, dirty plate and empty beer bottle in his hands. He placed them on the counter top. "Do you love him?"

"Huh?" Michael was in a daze, feeling Brian's body all around him.

"Does who love who?" Brian asked, his brow furrowed in confusion.

Ben spread out his arms in a shrug. "Either of you. I was only curious about Brian, but hearing him speak, sounds like he tends to not be sure you still have feelings for him. Strong feelings. Maybe you need to be honest with yourself, as well, Michael."

"But... I am honest with myself." Why did Michael's voice sound so not-reassuring?

"To your own logic, Michael. One you've adapted to since being in Brian's life. But how about being honest with me.” Ben motioned to himself, hand on chest. “You once told me he was out of your head... out of our life... maybe somewhat out of your body, but never out of your heart. Tell me true... do you love him still... like you did when you were fourteen?"

"Ben... lay off. Leave him..."

Michael smiled weakly, not sure if he could do this calmly with Brian standing right next to him. But he had to try, in order to make sure Ben knew the real Brian. Maybe even finding out who the real Michael was too. "No. No, Brian. It's fine." He patted the arm across his chest that had tightened in its usual protective nature. "That's the one thing I love about Ben. His openness. This ability to have a kind of dialogue, telling him my real feelings. I'm afraid... of losing that... the closer Ben and I grow. Not that the relationship compares to..." He leaned back to look up at Brian, smiling. "... you and I. But as the years go by, it'll get more difficult to bear your role in my life. I understand that fear. It's why I try not to get too close too soon. I'm afraid if I do... I'll have to let you go. I'll lose you."

Brian came around Michael's back, hugging him with both arms. "You can't lose me, Michael. I won't let you let me go."

"If it meant choosing between my boyfriend or you... could you handle knowing you may or may not lose out?"

"No one is putting me anywhere, away from you. I'll still be here, no matter what happens in your life." Brian tucked his face into Michael's neck.

"But... you'd back away from me, wouldn't you? You'd give me the chance to fall in love... build a life separate from you and create my own home. Why?"

Brian lifted his arms to surrounded about Michael's shoulders and biceps. "Because... I know you can do it. I know it's what you want. I want you to have what will make you happy."

"What if..." Michael turned, breaking their embrace to face Brian. "... me being happy isn't what you think?"

"Can't be any different." Brian reached up to brush his fingers near Michael's eyes. "I can see it in your eyes. I feel it in your skin. You want permanence and comfort. You want..."

"What if... all I ever really wanted--needed... is you?" Michael crossed arms over his chest.

"Michael..." Brian had to glance away, but he didn't even look to Ben.

"You didn't answer Ben's question."

"Neither did you."

"It's a complicated answer, so bear with me." Michael grabbed Brian's hand and walked him around to sit him on one of the stools. He decided he would pace in front of Brian, periodically touching him to send out "signals" he was feeling the same way Brian had been. "At 14yrs old, you were larger than life to me. Not only were you gorgeous... and sexy... you were someone I could admire and look up to when I needed a role model in my life. I knew of you, around the halls at school. Never knew you'd actually talk to me. Not only that, but you laughed with me not at me. You were relentless in your pursuit of me." He began to stop moving about the floor, making sure he remained stationary in front of Brian, whose eyes had never left him once. "Even when you thought I wasn't interested, you made me love you. Instantly. You were incredible to my simple mind in every single way. My complete opposite. Where I was dumb, you were smart." He went about touching their chests to signify which comment belonged to whom. "Where I was naive, you were clever... where you were beautiful, I was plain. I was sickly, you were healthy. The list could go on and on." Michael began to lean forward, grasping the counter's ledge. This pushed Brian backward, having to lean elbows on the counter. "The longer we stayed best friends, my love went from schoolboy crush to 'falling in love' with you." He smirked when Brian smirked, only because those hazel eyes twinkled at him. "Once I had coveted your physical attributes, I discovered there was more to you than the surface bullshit you showed the world. No only were you free with your body for me..." He let his hand trail down Brian's chest. "... letting me explore my own sexuality... you let loose your heart to me. I'd have given you anything you had asked of me, during those years. Just to be in your presence was enough to sustain me in those moments alone, when you began to drift away from me. When it suddenly struck me how much I'd been in my own head, thinking you were feeling the same. How quickly you would have walked away from me without a care."

"I couldn't go far could I?" Brian reached under to cup Michael's head. "Carnegie was about as much of a distance from you as I could stand." He let his forehead fall on Michael's. 

"Brian..." Michael let out the name on a breathless sigh of relief.

"Wait... it's my turn..." Brian lowered his hands to clamp around Michael's waist, tugging him in between his legs. He was seated on the edge of the stool, legs splayed. "You think I dreamed of a job in New York to get away from you?" He shook his head. "No. Not in the least. It's what I always did for myself, to cope with Jack and being in that house. I'd pick the farthest away place and project myself there." He was sliding his arms lower and lower on Michael's hips, until his hands were crossed at Michael backside. "My intention had always been to invite you to come visit, no pressure. I would hoped that you'd like it and then we consider living together. While I worked, you'd write." He saw Michael's brown eyes grow wide with shock. "Yeah... I had dreams about us too. Not just the growing-older-together, sipping-Old Pitt-beers-and-rehashing-our-past-love-lives ones. I really did once believe that I could have what you always wanted." His hazel eyes dipped to the floor. He felt Michael's fingers lift his chin, needing to see his eyes as he went on with his explanation.

"Soon... my world became embittered and soured. Jack getting more and more physically abusive and it would take everything in me to not fight him back. Because I knew the second I retaliated..." Brian sucked in a long breath, feeling Michael fall on his chest, hands scraping up his cheeks to comb through his hair. "... I knew I'd fuckin' kill him." Michael's arms encircled his neck, his cheek pressed against the perspiring brow. "I couldn't do that to you... to us, our friendship. So I zoned out half the time, thinking about you. Knowing that once Jack was through, taking his pent-up shit out on me..." He pulled back to caress Michael's cheek. "... there'd you'd be waiting. The sweetest salvation I could ever find... was being in your arms." He swiped at Michael's nose, watching the face contort in empathetic emotions, pain for his pain. Like always. "If you think I didn't feel the same, you'd be wrong." He got the goofiest grin on his lips, squeezing Michael tightly to his chest. "I don't know what made me keep staring at you. I'd seen you around school too. I don't know why... one day, I got tired of all the fake bullshit. I took a chance on something real. Maybe I hoped you were so backwards, you'd try hard to not be my friend. But you kept me on my toes. You were so much more different than the image I'd had of you in my head. So much more adorable, up close. Sure... yes, I agree... you and I were opposites, we still are. But I never saw myself through your eyes... I saw you through my eyes. I didn't care that you weren't like me. I was impressed you even bothered to hang out with me. I was so sure you'd dump me after my first fuck-up, the first time I'd piss you off."

Michael chuckled lightly, sniffling and wiping under one eye. "You tried hard to make me let you go, but I knew what you were up to."

"That's what I liked about you. Quiet... yet tenacious. So passionate about things in your life, even the mundane ones."

Michael didn't know how they'd been doing this... talking so freely, while Ben had been filming them. He turned to face Ben's eyes behind the camera lens. "I'd like to answer your question, Ben."

Ben was startled into coming out from behind the camera eye. "Pardon?"

Michael smirked, his head leaning on Brian's forehead. He locked his arms about Brian's neck, hands dangling down. "I think I've skirted around the issue enough."

"Oh-kay..." Ben waited, unsure about which question Michael was going to answer. So many new ones had been conjured up in his head. God Damn... this was better than scripted television.

Michael returned to look down into Brian's hazel eyes, steady and calm in his gaze. "I don't have the same affection for Brian... that I did when we were 14yrs old." His smile told Brian the news was better than good, it was fucking great! "If anything... I love him more now... than I did then. No longer with the heart of a boy, but with everything that I am as a man."

"Jesus Christ!" Ben's almost doubled over in pain, feeling his heart break a little. The camera lens went too low.

Brian reached out to raise it up, then shot over a dazzling white smile for the "audience".

"Sorry." Michael closed his eyes and leaned into Brian's embrace. "It's what you wanted to know, Ben."

Brian kissed Michael's cheeks, sliding to his ear. "Don't apologize for feelings, Michael. Own them, they're valid and yours."

"Brian?" Ben popped his head from around the camera, waiting for the other shoe to drop.

"What?" Brian had eyes only for Michael and touching his body, all over.

"You skirted around the issue as badly as Michael. How do you really feel?"

"Ben... leave him alone."

"Shit!" Ben held the camera away from his face, still filming but getting aggravated. "What IS it with you two?" He shook his head as he watched them completely ignore the fact he was filming them or even in the loft. "No wonder it's taken you both so long to speak the truth."

Brian cleared his throat, finally glancing over at Ben as he spun on the stool seat, Michael tucked to his chest.

Michael rested on Brian's shoulder, curled into his side. "It's called respect, Ben. Brian's feelings are private and his own..."

"... except tonight..." Brian added as a certain truth of the moment.

Michael looked over at Brian. "Wha-?"

"Ben has given me permission to take our relationship to another level. I'd like to accept his offer by stating this..." Brian's arm tightened about Michael's torso. He swiveled his own torso to face Michael. "... No matter where I am, where I go, who I am with... I can't forget you. You captured my heart at 14. You keep enriching my soul every day. And my one fantasy has always been to spend a night like tonight with you. Having you all to myself; heart, body and soul. Giving myself to you... everything that I am, will be yours..."

"Brian..." Michael couldn't believe what was coming out of Brian. Like the camera and Ben being in the loft was giving him an extra umph of courage. Or maybe it was the thought that they only had one night to make it right. Say things long buried and reveal their secrets in the name of saving the character of Brian Kinney. Both men were willing to pull out all the STOPs.

"I'm not finished." Brian wiped at his lips.

"Sorry."

"Look at me..."

"Alright." Michael fully turned his body to face Brian, brown eyes never wavering, arms secure about Brian's upper chest.

"God Damn..." Brian spun the seat around, reaching up to cup Michael's face in his hands. "... but I know what you mean about the latent affection at 14, then finding yourself... in your 30s... unable to envision anybody else by your side." Hazel zeroed on brown. "I've always loved you best and only. I can't give away my heart to another man. Well..." Brian smirked casually. "... at least without your permission or approval."

"Oh, Brian..." Michael dipped his head to Brian's chest. "What do we do?"

~~TBC...