This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Lost Tribe, Part 3 (mf, cons, creampie, oral, impreg?, m-solo)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

"More..."

Dylan was woken from his post-orgasmic nap by the feeling of Tina bringing his penis back to life with her hand. She had turned toward him under the emergency blanket. He looked at the curvy brown-haired girl's face, so beautiful, and kissed her while she masturbated him.

When he was at his full 5" length she broke off the kiss and moved her hips forward, angling the head of his cock into her recently deflowered vagina. She was so wet that it took little effort to slip it inside her, but lying on their sides made capitalizing on that advantage difficult.

"Lie back," she urged him, and she sighed as his cock slipped out of her. Then she climbed astride him in the classic cowgirl position, easily reclaiming his dick with her hot, fertile pussy.

She sank down on it all the way, making them both moan in pleasure. Tina wanted to feel like this all the time; full, so connected to Dylan, this boy she had just met...well, met again, as it had been over a year since the boys had split from the main group of Christian school crash survivors to start their own tribe. She paused, her eyes closed, savoring the feeling.

Dylan looked up at his new lover...it had been pure chance that brought them together. He had been determined to be a gentleman, just sharing his warmth during the cold downpour outside the shallow cave, but Tina had initiated the sex. He wasn't complaining, though!

He reached up and filled his hands with her large boobs, making her gasp. He hadn't seen them last time, only felt, and he was like a kid in a candy store. While he was doing this, Tina started to move herself up and down on his cock.

Dylan sat up. Tina thought he was going for another kiss but instead he brought his mouth to one of her boobs. She gasped again, her sensitive nipples shooting pleasure through her body and giving her a mini-orgasm.

She continued bouncing in his lap, pulling off halfway and then slamming back down. She wanted more...more!

"Mmuuuhh!" Dylan groaned into her breast.

Tina felt his penis throb inside her. "No! Not yet!" she cried, continuing to bounce. She had almost reached a full orgasm. She continued to ride Dylan but now he lay back, spent. She could already feel him getting smaller inside her.

Frustrated, she dismounted, his semen splashing out of her onto the palm fronds that made up their makeshift bed. She needed to attain that feeling of release again that she had experienced before they fell asleep!

She reached for his deflating member, asking, "Can you get it hard again?" She tried stroking it but it stayed only half-hard. Defeated, she lay back.

Dylan was ashamed that he had had his pleasure but Tina was left hanging. He looked down between her legs, at the brown mass of pubic hair. George had made Dylan suck his penis and that had made the leader of the male tribe feel good...Dylan wondered if there was something similar he could do for Tina...

He got up and moved between Tina's legs. She got excited for a moment but then saw that he still wasn't hard. He was looking intently at her crotch. Then he moved his face down there, pushing aside her pubic hair with his fingers, exploring.

Outside, the storm had cleared and the sun was out again, so he had sufficient light to make out her pussy lips and something odd, a nubbin near the top, like the head of a very tiny penis. He licked it tentatively.

Tina gasped in pleasure. What had he done?

Buoyed by her response, he licked it again.

"Ooh, yes, like that..." Tina moaned, laying back and closing her eyes.

Dylan continued to lick Tina's clit until she hissed through her teeth and pushed him further down. Then he licked her pussy lips. Soon he tasted something familiar: his own semen, so similar to George's but definitely not as gross. He realized that it also tasted a bit like Tina's vagina smelled, which was nice. He pushed his tongue between her vaginal lips.

"Oooh!" Tina exclaimed, raising her hips and pushing towards his mouth.

Soon he was dipping his tongue inside her again and again, extracting and swallowing more of his cum and making her moan. Trying to change things up, he tried licking her clit again.

"Uhhhuuhh!" Tina gasped, shoving her crotch into his face, shaking as she came hard. Deep inside her, her cervix spasmed open and dipped into the puddle of sperm-filled semen that Dylan had deposited there just a few minutes ago.

They heard the scrape of Tina's spear against the stone. Dylan quickly sat back on his haunches as he saw a male form rise up off to the side of the makeshift bed, now holding two spears. Tina froze.

"That was quite the show, Dylan...who'd have thought you'd have it in you?"

Dylan recognized the voice. Of all the people to find them! "Rodney! Hey, give me that spear, okay?" Dylan had gotten to his feet now, facing the newcomer.

Rodney leveled one of the spearheads at each of the new lovers. "Nope! I caught you frat-- frater-- um, helping the enemy...and what an enemy! It's Tina, right?" The dark-haired, half-Asian boy leered at her and she pulled the blanket over her naked form.

"Get dressed," he commanded. "I'm bringing you both back to camp. I may not have caught any game, but it looks like I found something tasty. Oh, and you got a little something at the corner of your mouth, there, Dylan."

---

The cage door opened and a tall, stocky girl with wavy brown hair was pushed in. She turned and punched the door as it locked from the outside.

"Hi Joan," Jason said as he sat naked on the cage's bench, watching. He had remembered the girl's name from when they went to class together, as the big girl had always looked like a "Joan".

"Shit!" Joan turned round again and pushed herself back against the door, looking like a trapped animal. Unlike the other girls, Joan had outgrown her school uniform and was wearing the dead pilot's uniform shirt like a dress, her large breasts starting to strain the buttons. "You stay away from me, Jason."

"Okay," Jason replied, reclining so his lap area and the growing member there became obvious. His eyes scanned Joan's form, especially her toned legs. "So what's going on? You in the cage as punishment, or is it your turn?" He thrust his hips a little for emphasis.

Joan looked sick. "Both. I hid that I had my period a couple weeks ago so now I'm not allowed to leave here until..." She gulped.

"Am I really so gross?"

"Yes!" she said immediately, and then relented. "Well, no, you're not, but...oohhh..." She turned away.

"What?" It was incredibly boring in the cage, especially since he hadn't had sex with any of the girls in days, not even Makayla, who was still on her period, but Jason was genuinely curious now.

"I don't like men...that way. I like...girls." Joan turned back and sank down to the ground, her back to the fuselage wall, her chin on her knees.

Jason sat back up cross-legged to hide his penis. His playfulness wasn't appropriate anymore. "You're a lesbeen?"

"Lesbian," she corrected him and then sighed. "Sister Nancy says that's a sin, but it's not like I had a choice in who I'm attracted to. How is it fair that I go to Hell for that?"

Jason didn't know. "Aren't you their leader? Can't you just tell them to let you out?"

"Sister Nancy's in charge. I'm just the muscle." Joan sounded defeated.

Jason thought for a moment. They were alone, so... "If they stay outside, then how will they know we did it?"

"They'll check for blood and...ehh...your stuff, down there." She pointed between her knees, still visibly disturbed.

Jason felt he had to do something. It really wasn't Joan's fault, and if she was going to stay here until they had sex, and she was never going to have sex with him, then they were going to be together for the next few days until her fertile time ended, based on the other girls' visits. Also, the bench would only fit both of them if they were laying together, which wasn't going to happen either, so Jason was pretty sure he was going to have to sleep on the ground.

He got to his feet, startling Joan, but then he dropped to his knees, feeling under the bench. "Hmm...aha, there it is...and...ouch." He then carefully moved toward Joan, holding out his left index finger.

She saw it was cut and dripping blood. "What...?"

"There's a sharp edge under the bench. Cut myself the first day when I..." He was about to say while he was looking for a way to make a weapon, but decided against that. "Anyway, so now you have blood..."

She looked at his cock, which had softened a bit. "You come anywhere near me with that thing and I'll rip it off and shove it down your throat!"

Jason backed off. "Damn! Relax, I wasn't going to touch you. There's other ways to get what you need than...um, sticking it in. I'll just use my hand to get there and when I'm ready you catch it."

"Catch it?" she looked confused.

He started to stroke his hardening cock, looking at Joan's legs. "Yeah, in your hand, I guess? And then you take the blood and my stuff and put it down there." He angled his stroking to point between her legs.

She looked at his hard cock as if it was a snake about to bite her, but also seemed mesmerized by the stroking movements. "Okay...that could work..."

"Move over to the bench, willya? Then I won't accidentally spill my stuff on the ground."

Joan did so and sat with her legs closed, watching Jason masturbate with a mixture of fear and curiosity.

Jason had another reason to move Joan to the bench; the light was better there so he could see her body more easily. Still...

"I need some inspiration, Joan...can you maybe lift your shirt?"

"Hell no!"

Jason stopped stroking. "Well, I don't think I'll be able to do this, then," he lied. "Normally I'm actually inside the girl so it's easy."

Joan looked torn. "Ohhh...okay, fine..." She pulled her shirt up a bit but kept her legs together.

Jason could make out her dark pubic hair and the slight pooch of her belly curving down to her womanly hips. He resumed stroking. After 30 seconds he asked, "Could you undo some buttons?" He used his other hand to gesture at his collarbone.

Joan paused for a moment and then unfastened the top few buttons of her dress shirt. Her amazing cleavage came into view.

Jason was getting close. All the women he'd had sex with so far had been either fully unclothed or had a pullover shirt on, so seeing Joan with her peek-a-boo naughty bits was surprisingly quite a turn-on. "Get ready..."

Joan, startled, sat forward and put her hands out. As she did so her legs split apart and Jason could see her pink vaginal lips peeking out through the dark mass of pubic hair. That pushed him over the edge.

"Unnhh! Erhh!" He aimed his ejaculation into Joan's hands, painting her fingers and palms with his sperm. Finally, huffing a little, he finished and took a step back, eager to see what would come next.

Joan looked at the pearly white mess in her hands. It was warm and felt weird! She rubbed one thumb and forefinger together, feeling the viscosity of it.

Jason broke the spell. "Better get it between your legs, Joan."

"Oh, right..." All sense of decorum forgotten, Joan spread her legs and started to smear the young man's spend around her vagina as Jason watched.

"I think you need to put a little inside you so it drips out," Jason suggested helpfully. "Remember Sister Nancy after that first time?"

Joan remembered the dripping mess the older woman's crotch had been when she had dismounted the boy. "Shit," she said, "but won't that make me pregnant?"

Jason considered. "I dunno. Every time I've done it before I've been all the way in. It'll just drip out if you only push it in a little, right?"

Joan paused for a moment to think, and then she gathered a glob of semen on her index finger. She pushed it carefully into her vagina, making sure not to go too deep. Like other times when she had masturbated, pushing that finger inside herself, she felt a flash of pleasure at the intimate, intrusive feeling.

"Okay, and now..." Jason knelt down, his face between Joan's legs, making her squeak, but then he reached under the bench. "Ouch. Okay, here's the blood." He offered his index finger again, newly lacerated, and Joan transferred the dripping fluid to her own spermy hands, smearing the red-white liquid between and around her vaginal lips, in the process slipping a little more of Jason's potent sperm inside the entrance of her fertile reproductive system.

She used dirt and sand to remove the rest of the fluid from her hands before knocking on the cage door. By this time Jason had returned to the bench.

Allie opened the door and Joan lifted her shirt to reveal the mess of sperm and blood they had staged. The blonde guard seemed satisfied and made way for the larger girl.

Then Joan turned back. "Thanks Jason." She smiled and left, the door closing and locking behind her again.
	
End of Part 3.

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com).
