Summary: Only one of several female housemates gets a sex slave as the others listen.
Keywords: F/M, spank, femdom, creampie
Author: Rick_oh
Title: Oh Joy!

New Story: Oh Joy

The door slammed. "Hi guys," Joy excitedly called out to her house 
mates.  "I had to work late - oohhhhhh - what's THIS?!  Where's 
Lorissa?"

Her eyes widened as she took in the scene before her - Shelly, Tracy, 
and Shawna casually sitting on the carpet, and a naked male, David, 
who was kneeling before them.

"Lorissa's away for the weekend," explained Shelly, "and she said 
that one of us could have David as a sex slave for a night - but only 
one of us, and we need to decide how we're going to agree on this."

"Don't worry, Joy," Shawna said, "we were waiting for you so that you 
could be in on this too.  Come help us decide how we're going to 
determine which one of us gets him." 

"It's very easy," Tracy piped up, "I'll kill off the rest of you so 
I'll get David as a slave!"  The others chuckled good-naturedly, 
although there was tension in the air.  "I sure could use a sex 
slave," she mused aloud wistfully.

Shelly spoke up.  "I was thinking of maybe a poker game, and whoever 
wins gets him.  Or scrabble."

"I don't know how to play poker," Joy scowled as she kicked off her 
shoes, "and scrabble takes too damn long to play.  Why don't we make 
it simple - get a pair of dice and everyone gets three rolls and 
whoever gets the highest score wins."

The ladies glanced at each other with mumbles of approval.  Shawna 
fetched the dice and they argued about how everyone would take their 
turn, with all the seriousness of a political summit meeting.

David wrote down the score for each roll of the dice, and each woman 
took one turn at a time and handed the dice to the one on her left.  
He handed the paper to Shelly, who double-checked his calculations 
and then shouted, "Joy, you lucky bitch!"

Joy pumped her arms and shouted "Woo-hoo!" and began to think of how 
she would use her new prize.

The women then had some pizzas delivered and an hour later everyone 
had finished.  As David was cleaning up, they made small talk.

"Hey Joy, are you going to give him spankings like Lorissa does?"

"I'm definitely going to give him a good whippin'" the dark-haired 
Joy replied, "and other things as well."

"Can we watch?"

"No! Not directly, at any rate. Hell, you'll be able to hear it in 
the next room."

"Do you want us to make ourselves scarce?"

"Actually," Joy stated, "it will be more interesting if you just hang 
out like normal. Wait... I've got an idea. Before I get him alone I'm 
going to share him a little.  Lorissa tells us that David likes to 
eat pussy. I want to see him perform, on the runner-up. Who got the 
second highest score?"

"Shelly did," answered Tracy.

Joy looked around the room and saw desire in Shelly's face.  "Shelly, 
are you ready?"

"Oh, yeah!"

Joy smiled to herself as she thought of Shelly's exhibitionist 
qualities, and some of the times she has made a spectacle of herself 
among them.  With a shy smile, Shelly removed her panties and tossed 
them across the room, making her house mates chuckle.  She seated 
herself on the loveseat, pushed her wavy dishwater-blonde hair out of 
her face, and hiked her sheath dress up to her hips.  With a coy 
smile she spread her knees and beckoned David to come hither.  He 
knelt between Shelly's legs and gingerly approached her matted mound. 
 When his mouth made contact, Shelly leaned back and closed her eyes, 
letting her jaw relax.  As he continued to work, she grimaced with 
pleasure, and after a few moments she clenched her fists, gritted her 
teeth, and rocked her hips in response to her approaching climax.  
When her orgasm overtook her, she shook her head from side to side 
and uttered repeated "ahh" and "ohh" sounds while her entire body 
trembled.

David pulled his face away from Shelly's pubic area, and was sporting 
a firm erection.

"Oh, that was good!" exclaimed Shelly.  "It's been too long since I 
had somebody who knows what he's doing!"

"Okay now, here's what I want all of you to do," Joy directed. "I 
want each of you, in turn, to hand-job him just short of cumming."  
Looking over to David, she stated, "I want you to work up a good 
heavy load, 'cause I'm gonna have you fuck me, long and slow, and I 
want a big, big, cum from you.  Understand?"

"Oh, yes ma'am!" he excitedly replied, visualizing his engorged 
member inside Joy's womanhood, and thankful for the lack of 
ambiguity.

"And don't cum before, or else I'm not gonna let you fuck me," she 
continued.  She produced some massage oil and a towel, and handed 
them to Shawna. "You first, Shawna.  Work him nice and slow, and for 
heaven's sake don't force him to cum - stop beforehand."

With David lying naked on the living room carpet, each of the ladies 
teasingly manipulated his testicles and rigid boner to the point just 
short of ejaculation, with a twenty minute break between each turn.  
They all enjoyed participating in Joy's plan, and he was desperately 
moaning for relief all through their handling.  Tracy was last, and 
David was especially vividly aroused from her expert touch.

"Okay, David, I want you to go in that bedroom, close the door, and 
wait for me.  I'll be in there in a little bit to give you a 
whippin'."  Joy's bedroom adjoined the living area.

When David was out of hearing range, Joy whispered something to the 
other girls and then went outside.  A few minutes later she returned 
with several willow switches.  Her house mates were wide-eyed with 
excitement as Joy quickly removed the leaves and shoots from the 
switches and rinsed them off.  With a knowing smile, she went in her 
bedroom and closed the door enough to prevent the others from looking 
in.

The women kept quiet, listening for any clues they could gather.  
They waited several minutes before any sound emanated from the 
bedroom.  Then the clues were unmistakable.

They heard David's voice first, emphatic and strong.

"OH! ... OWW! ... AHH! ... OOOH! ... OWWWW! ... OH NO! ... AHHH!  
OHHH! ... AAAAUGH! ... PLEASE! ..."

Joy's voice came through: "That's it! I'm gonna have to tie you 
down!"

Several quiet moments ensued.  Then David's voice emerged again.

"OHH! .. OWW! .. NO! .. OH PLEASE! .. AAH!.."

The pace quickened.

"AAAUGH! NO! AHHHHHHHH! GAAAAAH! YOWW! ..."

Inside the bedroom, Joy, completely naked, was subjecting David to a 
severe switching.  She thought of the many times that she had stood 
in the hallway, with one hand in her panties, listening to the 
effects of Lorissa interminably applying the paddle or hairbrush or 
strap to David.  The only pauses that Joy made now were to grab a 
fresh switch and start in again.  As David's cries became more 
strident, the women listening outside the bedroom were feverish with 
excitement.  To them, the switching seemed to go on forever, 
exceeding their wildest fantasies.

Finally his cries subsided, and Joy, still naked, pranced out to the 
living area.  "Forgot the damn massage oil!" she announced with an 
exasperated smile, and took it back in the bedroom.

While her house mates patiently waited in silence, Joy nuzzled her 
aroused and wet pubic area up to the still-tied-up David's mouth. He 
enthusiastically worked on her and in the space of ten minutes 
brought her to climax twice.  She untied him and had him get up on 
the bed face up, swabbed massage oil on her hands and slowly pumped 
him.  "Yes," she cooed, "I want a big load of cum from you when I let 
you fuck me."  Her fingers tickled and prodded his nuts and his 
raging pole throbbed with desire.  "Do you think you can give me a 
big, big load?" she asked teasingly.

After manipulating David's testicles and slowly pumping his cock with 
her hands for about fifteen minutes, Joy reclined on the bed and told 
him, "Okay, you can go inside me now.  Take it slow and easy, I want 
this to last a while."  He entered her and saw the satisfaction in 
her face from the sensation of slow, leisurely intercourse and from 
his hands tightly grasping her waist.  From time to time Joy held him 
still, afraid that he'd pop off too soon.

Outside the bedroom, the women knew what was happening.  Joy's cooing 
and moaning, together with David's words and moans, painted an 
unmistakable picture of something that they would like to be 
experiencing now.  Shelly's fingers glided over her slippery labia, 
and she unabashedly climaxed at the same moment that Joy whispered to 
David as he furiously spurted, "Yes, lover, Give me every drop you 
have! I want it all! Mmmmm!"

Joy's womanhood milked as much semen as David could give, and they 
lay spent and contented for a few moments before the next stage.

"Since you're my sex slave, I want you to fuck me all night, as much 
as you can.  The only requirement is that you make me cum every 
time."

Joy got up and grasped his hand.  "Come on, let's go out there and be 
sociable."  He looked at her questioningly, but did as she asked.  As 
they emerged hand-in-hand from the bedroom, David saw the looks of 
anticipation in the other women's faces.  Tracy was on the couch with 
her shorts unbuttoned, and her hand inside her panties.

Joy instructed David to lie down on the carpet, and straddled his 
face with her pubic area a few inches above his mouth.  I'd like to 
see Shelly top this, she thought to herself.

"Open!" Joy ordered.  David's reluctance was apparent, so Joy pinched 
his nose shut and asked Shawna to hold his head in place.  He opened 
his mouth after a moment, and Joy opened her pussy.  A creamy-white 
mixture of semen and feminine juice flowed into David's mouth.  She 
nestled her pussy on his mouth and told him to keep going.  He probed 
his tongue into Joy's pussy; she closed her eyes and pumped her hips. 
 A moment later she climaxed.  At that same moment, Tracy gasped and 
threw her head back with her own orgasm.

Later, in bed, Joy whispered seductively to David, "Take me as much 
as you want tonight - the only catch is, you've got to suck me clean 
and make me cum afterwards.  A deal?"  She opened her eyes wide and 
puckered her lips.

"A deal," he asserted, and kissed her.

Joy awakened to David's touches and she spread her legs.  He glided 
in easily and filled her womanhood with his hardness.  She smiled 
sleepily, a look that he found intensely erotic.  She pulled him 
close and responded with her hips.  In a moment he ejaculated.  She 
lay back and put her hands behind her head, dreamily smiling.  His 
mouth hungrily cupped her pussy.  She felt the gentle sucking and 
nibbling; her hips moved in acknowledgement.  She thought of the 
mastery she had over him; the thought of him working her pussy with 
his mouth, right after ejaculating in it, pushed her over the edge 
and she raucously climaxed.  A little while later they dozed off to 
sleep again.

As Joy awoke again later to David's stimulating touches, she was 
content with the belief that he will think of her when he is with 
Lorissa.  That thought gave her much satisfaction.


-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is 
copyright by the author, and commercial use is prohibited without 
permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is 
permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
