Island Vacation
by imaging

ISLAND VACATION CH. 04

Jen surprises her husband.

Tim stepped out of the shower, eager for Jen to get back to the room. He may have just shot the worst round of golf in his life, but he couldn't get the images Mickey had shared with him out of his head. His dick had been hard since before they made the turn and he needed relief badly. He had resisted the temptation to jerk off in the shower, preferring to wait for his wife and her recently discovered sexual appetite.

He was tying his robe when he heard the door. Tossing a couple of small bags on the bed, Jen immediately disappeared into the bathroom.

"Um. Hi? Everything OK?"

"Yeah. Fine. I just... I just need a minute."

"OK. Sure. Need anything?" There was a long silence from the bathroom. Long enough that Tim decided he probably wasn't going to be getting that relief he was hoping for. He picked up one of the bags on the bed as he waited for an answer.

"Do you think you could go find a glass of wine or something?"

"Or something?" he asked, as he pulled a small piece of turquoise fabric from the bag.

"Wine, please. I just want to relax for a few minutes."

As Tim considered the tiny bikini top he held in his hand, relaxing was the last thing we wanted to do.

"Sure. I'll be right back."

.......................................................

"Take your time," Jen replied to no one in particular. The door had already closed and Tim was off to accomplish his mission. Honestly, she didn't even want the wine. She just wanted the moment to compose herself. Though a glass of wine might help with that, she reasoned.

It was hard to process what she had just witnessed; and harder yet to process Kate's words. How is it possible that a married woman could do that with two strangers, and that her husband might be aroused by it? Tim, she knew, would be furious. Of course, it would never come to that. She couldn't imagine herself ever cheating on him. And certainly not with two men -- at the same time!

Her mind was instantly filled with an image of them. She could see them looking at her as she stood, exposed, in the doorway of the dressing room. As quickly as the image came she could feel her body responding to the thought. Looking in the mirror she saw that her nipples had hardened again -- just at the very idea of them looking at her. Kate was right. She did like the attention, though she could hardly allow herself to admit it.

She thought of them again, coming out of the back room with their sheepish smiles. Embarrassed, but only to a degree. There was a look in their eyes. A look of achievement. Satisfaction. And maybe even a slight hint of invitation to her, the surprised and innocent mid-western housewife who had never broken a rule in her life.

With an impulse she barely understood, Jen opened the door, glanced toward the window, and reached for the bag on the bed. Retreating to the bathroom she pulled out the tiny white suit. Within a minute it was on and she was adding an appropriate touch of makeup when she heard Tim returning to the room. As soon as he had closed the door and stepped into the bedroom area she slipped out right behind him. As he turned, she took the glasses from his hands and placed them on the dresser.

Tim's eyes widened at the site of his nearly naked wife. Before he could utter a word, she dropped to her knees, opening his robe and reaching for his stiffening cock. She kissed the head gently before suddenly engulfing it in her warm, wet mouth. She wanted to feel him getting hard at her touch. She pulled him close, pushing her lips to the base of his shaft, then releasing ever so slightly as she cupped his balls. Soon she had a rhythm, it was long and steady and purposeful. As he got harder she could feel her wetness increasing. At a point, she slipped her hand between her legs and found her juices warmly drifting down her thigh. She kept her eyes closed, wanting only to enjoy the sensations between her lips and her thighs.

Suddenly an image appeared. She hadn't called for it. She wasn't even fully conscious of the fact that she wanted to see it. Yet, there it was. The image of that clerk, the one who had been so close to her. The one who had been rearranging his pants as he left the back room. Somehow, he was there. Somehow, it was his dick in her mouth. Somehow, that made her even hornier. On one level she was ashamed of how her body was so aggressively responding to a thought she should have never had. But she didn't care. At that moment, she just wanted to taste him, or Tim, or whatever it was that was in her mouth, growing harder and oozing pre-cum with every stroke.

*****

Tim had enjoyed sex with his wife hundreds of times. He had seen her without clothes a thousand times. But he had never seen her dressed like this. Two tiny strips of gauze-like fabric barely hid her nipples as her tight breasts pushed out from both sides. The narrow patch of fabric between her legs wasn't even wide enough to cover the narrow strip of hair that she had trimmed so carefully. He hardly had a chance to take it all in when suddenly she was on her knees trying her best to suck the head off the top of his cock. She seemed hungry for it. As though she were being driven by some motivation he had never seen in her.

It had never really felt like this before. Honestly, she had rarely ever given him head. Oh, there was always a little, just to help him get ready for "the main act." And occasionally, when it was "sensible" he would finish in her mouth to avoid cleaning up, as they had done at the roadside stand. But oral sex, like this? Never. And today he needed it. After imagining Kate, and those big tits, in the hot tub, on her knees sucking Mickey, watching other couples and God only knows what else, he needed Jen's attention. In fact, even as she blew him like she never had before, he found that his mind kept wandering.

Those images, and that sensation, pushed him toward the edge. It was only as he was nearing his orgasm that he realized that the curtain was open again. And people were walking by. Slowly. That thought was enough to finish him. He felt the pulses beginning and soon he erupted from somewhere deep in his core. Jen never flinched. She continued to suck with that same deep and even rhythm, squeezing his sack as he spurted his seed down the back of her throat.

Jen only slowed slightly when he came. She continued to suck as though she were trying to drain more from him. Then she began to lick the shaft and tease the opening of his prick, as though she were looking for hidden drops of his load. As he slowly returned to his senses, he leaned forward to pull her up, but she resisted, content to continue her oral attention to his slowly softening penis.

"Babe, the curtains. You need to stop. At least let me close the curtain."

She barely seemed to notice his urgency. "Uh uh," she mumbled between strokes. "Let them watch if they want. I don't care."

His dick twitched in response. His head reeled as he tried to understand his wife's sudden change in behavior. Was this the same woman who reacted so strongly to the possibility that someone knew she was having sex just yesterday? Now she was all but naked, giving head, in plain sight of anyone who walked by.

The phone rang. Tim immediately assumed it was the management calling about a complaint they had received. He was surprised to hear Mickey's voice on the line.

"Hey, Tim. Are we still good for dinner?"

"Um. Yeah. Sure."

"That's great. I just wanted to be sure that you hadn't changed your mind after talking to Jen. Listen, given everything that's happened, what do you say we meet back over at the Italian place? I've reserved a nice booth in the corner. It should give us a little more privacy. And maybe an hour earlier than we planned? I know that's early, but the girls didn't eat lunch either and I think we could use the extra time to talk. What do you think?"

Tim agreed though he wasn't sure about Mickey's reference to everything that had happened or why they needed more time to talk. Mickey seemed to be able to find a way to talk regardless of how much time he had.

Jen was still stroking him lightly when he hung up.

"Who was that?"

"Mickey. We decided to have dinner together tonight. We figured that he and I had a chance to get to know each other today while you two were out sharing all your secrets. So a meal with the four of us would be a nice chance for everyone to catch up." Tim noticed a slight look of apprehension on his wife's face. "Is that OK?"

"Um. Yeah. Sure. That sounds... nice."

Tim walked to the curtain, pulling it closed then sitting on the couch, patting the seat next to him, inviting his wife to join him.

"Are you sure you're OK?"

There was a long pause before Jen answered. "What did you guys talk about today?" She completely ignored his question.

"You wouldn't believe me if I told you."

"Try me," Jen insisted. "Then I will tell you something just as unbelievable."

Tim struggled for a minute, trying to determine exactly how to share Mickey's story, and how much of it to share. He finally decided that she would know everything that he knew, so he dove straight in, telling it just as Mickey had, leaving no detail to chance. Jen's eyes widened with every new revelation, then finally narrowed as she began to respond.

"Maybe we shouldn't have dinner with them. Maybe we just shouldn't see them again at all."

"OK," Tim said slowly. "Skipping dinner will be easy. Not seeing them for the rest of the week might be tricky. This place isn't that big. Besides, I kind of like him."

Jen gazed at her feet, saying nothing.

"Did something happen today?" Tim asked gently.

"Yeah, you could say that." She told him everything. Almost everything. She left out the part about the way she responded to the men leering at her in the store.

"And then she said that Mickey would like it!" Again, leaving out Kate's observation that Mickey would be turned on even more knowing that Jen had been there.

Now it was Tim's turn to be quiet. He had heard about people like their new friends. But only in a vague way. As he had told Mickey's story, he found himself getting turned on. When he listened to Jen recount Kate's behavior he had to subtly rearrange his robe so that Jen wouldn't know how much she was turning him on. Suddenly, it struck him.

"Can I ask you something?" He looked deeply into Jen's eyes. "I mean, if I ask you something will you answer me honestly?"

"Of course."

Again, he paused before pushing forward. "Why did you just do what you did?"

"Tell you about today? You asked me to?"

"No. Not that. The bikini. The... oral sex... you know. With the curtain open. Did you realize it was open?"

His wife waited for a second or two before answering. "I don't know".

"You don't know if the curtain was open or why you did it.?" She looked uncomfortable, but if he didn't ask now he might never know.

Jen seemed to be lost in her thoughts for a minute, then finally responded. "The truth is, I don't know about either one. Honestly? I didn't care about the curtain. I just wanted to do that. What difference does it make? Didn't you like it? Don't you like the bikini? I won't wear it again. I mean, I can't even take it home. I don't know..." her voice trailed away to a silent stare.

Tim pulled her closer and lowered his head to make full eye contact. "First of all, I love the bikini. Most of all, I love you. And I love what we've done since we've gotten here. If everything went back to the way it was before, I would still have the memory of some very nice experiences here."

Jen continued to look at the floor. He took her hand as he continued. "Look. I don't know how else to say this but to come out and say it. I was wondering, um, hoping really, that maybe what happened today with Kate might have turned you on as much as listening to Mickey's story got to me."

She finally looked up at him and studied his face for a minute. "I don't know," she repeated. "Honestly, there is a part of me that is really aroused by all of it. Not so much what Kate did. But the rest of it."

"The rest? What else happened?"

"Nothing happened, exactly. It's just that when those guys saw me, I... I don't know. I liked it. And when I got back to the room and thought about it, I... I just liked it. I know I shouldn't, but I did. I do. And, oh God I shouldn't tell you this, Kate said that Mickey was going to be more turned on when she told him because I was there. I think he has a thing for me or something. That's why I don't think it's a good idea to see them." She looked up to see Tim smiling.

"What's so funny?"

"Nothing is funny. I just like that you liked it." He felt his dick responding again.

"You're OK with the fact that complete strangers saw me in this outfit? And that your wife enjoyed that kind of attention?"

Tim pulled his robe open, exposing his erection. "More than OK with it. Look, it's not like you did anything. They just saw you. And I can't explain why, but thinking about it makes me hard. Just like thinking about Mickey and Kate watching those people made me hard."

She reached for his cock, stroking it gently as she considered his words. "But what about Mickey?"

"What about him? He obviously gets turned on by watching, and hearing about what she does. And it's clear that he was flirting with you, so he likes you. I mean, I'm sure he's not going to try anything. He knows I'm right here."

"So you want to eat with them?"

"Yeah, I do. Who knows what they'll tell us tonight!"

"Don't be a pervert. Are you going to go like this?" She pointed to his dick.

"That might be difficult. Can I get a little help?"

"Sure," she said. "But let me do something first."

He figured she was headed to the bathroom, but she surprised him by turning to the curtains and opening them -- and the sheers beneath them -- wide. When she came back she didn't sit on the couch. Instead, she knelt between his legs and began to lick his balls. If it were possible, his erection became even more stiff at the sight of his wife, in that tiny bikini, on her knees, attending to his dick in front of an open window that was no more than four feet away. While she licked and sucked his sac, she stroked his shaft gently. The sensation, coupled with the circumstances, would drive him to a quick orgasm. So he laid his head back, closing his eyes, and enjoyed every sensation.

Soon she was taking him deep into her mouth. Long, slow, sensuous strokes that seemed to prolong his pleasure. He opened his eyes to watch her again. Completely focused on the task, taking pleasure in giving him pleasure. As he contemplated his good fortune, he noticed movement outside. A couple had paused on the sidewalk and were watching their obscene show. His nerves rattled for just a second, until he saw a smile on both of their faces. In a minute, another man joined them. After studying the scene he stepped closer to the window.

Tim was stunned to see Jen pause her spectacular blowjob long enough to turn and look a the man -- and smile. At that instant he lost what little control he had and launched his seed toward her cheek. Everything seemed to slow down. The turn of her head. The couple outside. The first burst of semen coating her cheek and the next falling into her open mouth. She closed her lips around his shaft and continued to suck gently, coaxing the remaining drops of his discharge down her throat. Then she smiled again -- first to him, then to her audience, and walked to the bathroom.


