"Tasha!  May I cum?" he exclaimed as he grimaced.

Natasha smiled. "No, David. Don't cum yet!" she pumped her hips slowly, and loved the feel of his desperate and hard cock inside her. 

He was bound to the bed. She was on top, propped up on her elbows, her naked legs alongside his, her face close to his. She giggled. Her dark haired bangs and wide eyes, combined with her regal nature, painted a picture of dominant sensuality. She kept pumping. 

She tried to keep herself from crossing the line into orgasm. She wanted to experience his desperate hardness for a longer time - and test his self control. She had removed his cock cage and teased him for several minutes before taking his length inside her.

"Tasha! Please! I can't last much longer!"

"No, David!"

The mental trip from his valiant attempt to please her - along with the urgency of his pleading - got her feverishly aroused, and she wished it could last forever. 

Her smile alone used to send David into a convulsive ejaculation when they first got together sexually. She bestowed that same sensual, teasing smile on him as she asserted her dominance.

"Tasha!"

"Think of the consequences, David. I don't want you to cum yet!"

He had been thinking of the consequences, which was the only reason that he held out so far.

Tasha considered the consequences. She made the rules, and enforced them. As she pumped, she recalled the last time David had ejaculated inside her before she granted permission. It was almost humorous the way he repeatedly tried to avoid her pussy on his mouth - her pussy full of his fresh ejaculate after days of saving up. She had to pinch his nose shut until he opened his mouth to breathe. Then she settled in and he submitted. Under her encouragement and direction, over a period of a quarter hour, he finally extracted and swallowed every drop, and gave her several intense orgasms while doing so. That was his first experience of creampie dessert, but was not to be his last.

There had been other consequences, too.

He panted heavily. Tasha slowed her pumping. She realized that David truly was close to the end of his endurance. She wanted more, though. She wanted to give him a spirited ride, and experience several orgasms from intercourse before allowing him to spurt. Alas, that would take several months of intense training.

"Tasha, I'm - I can't - Please, Tasha! May I cum? PLEASE!"

"Not yet, David," she said while rocking her hips and feeling David's full length. "Hang on for two more min-"

"OH NO! TASHA!"

She knew he had crossed the line. He bucked as hard as his bonds allowed, and tossed his head from side to side as he spurted uncontrollably. Tasha held on throughout the wrenching contractions of his ejaculation and enjoyed the sweet moment of his passion.

At last, David opened his eyes and saw Tasha's sensual smile. Neither one said anything until his heavy breathing subsided. Tasha gave him a few sweet nuzzling kisses, and whispered, "David - I want you to eat my pussy now. You can give me some pleasure. I don't want any resistance like the last time. I want to hear you say that you'll do it willingly."

She puckered her lips slightly and gazed into his eyes.

David obviously struggled with himself as Tasha waited. After a moment he said, "Tasha," in a trembling whisper, and paused. Another moment, and he spoke again. "I - I'll do it, Tasha. I'll eat your pussy."

That was all she needed, and felt his cock slither out as she withdrew and straddled his mouth. "Lick it, David. Clean the outside first. I'll tell you when to suck it."

She guided him through his second journey of creampie pussy eating. Several times she filled the room with her moans and gasps of orgasm.

A half hour later, he handed Tasha the hard wood hairbrush and got across her lap. He was totally naked, and she had slipped on a short dress.

"Twenty five swats, David, and the cock cage goes on for three days. Or, for fifty swats, I'll leave the cage off for the night. Shall I give you twenty five or fifty?"

He knew from experience that twenty five swats would not be easy, and he didn't know how he could take fifty. Then he thought of Tasha's sensual, dark haired pussy, and the sweet feeling of being inside her.

"Fifty," he said, and braced himself for the discipline she had convinced him was richly deserved.

-----
This story is copyright 2009 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
