Quit While You’re Ahead 
by Hooked6 

Chapter 6

I could hardly keep my mind on my work the next day knowing that Jess was going to dare me to do something that I was certain involved some exposure and risk. 

1 o’clock came around faster than it had ever done before and all too soon I spotted Jess pulling up to the curb out front.  I bid my coworkers goodbye and hurried out the door and into my friend’s vehicle and off we went. 

“Where are we going?” I asked nervously. 

She just laughed and replied simply, “You’ll see. Are you nervous?” 

I nodded my head and looked at the floor. Just her question and the playful tone in which she asked it got my heartrate up. 

“Good, you should be. I’m glad I’m not the one that’s going to do this.” 

I gasped and looked at my friend who was clearly enjoying herself. Her eyes were glistening and I couldn’t help noticing she really looked fantastic in her outfit – a short white sundress that I swear she wasn’t wearing anything underneath!  That put my hormones into hyper-drive and my brain lost most of its ability to think rationally. I suspect she wore that outfit on purpose just for that very reason. 

I wanted to ask her what she was going to make me do but I realized that part of HER fun was being in control so I just let her assume that role. (I TOLD you I wasn’t thinking rationally anymore!) 

All was fine as long as we were just driving along. About a half an hour later we pulled off the main road and into the parking lot of our favorite mall. I began to get a real uneasy feeling about all of this and was starting to have second thoughts. I couldn’t get naked in the mall! I wasn’t that brave – or that crazy! All the wind seemed to rush from my sails leaving me feeling sad. 

She found a parking space and beckoned me out of the car.  Once inside we walked around the various storefronts as she did some serious window shopping. All she talked about was how expensive everything seemed to be. I began to wonder if she was just having me on – doing this on purpose- prolonging things just to stress me out without really making me do anything here at all. That would be just like her and would certainly go along with her control fantasy. Or maybe she just wanted my senses on high alert for whatever she planned later on someplace else. Or . . . perhaps she was going to make me do some little “innocent” exposure here in the mall while trying on some dresses or something. That wouldn’t be so bad I thought. I could do that, or least I thought I could anyway. Nope, apparently that wasn’t the case though as we never went anywhere near a clothing store. 

For a Wednesday, the mall was really quite crowded. There were also a lot of young people milling about for some reason, more than I thought there would be given it was the middle of the day during the week. As we walked around window shopping, I found myself slowly beginning to enjoy our little outing. If I wasn’t so concerned about whatever Jess was planning this might have been a perfect way to spend an afternoon. We don’t get out together like this very often. As it was, however, I was on edge and deep down inside my stomach was turning summersaults. The uncertainly of it all was maddening! 

“Let’s head up to the second floor,” she announced as she nonchalantly guided me towards the escalator. Once on the second floor she walked on a bit looking at a few more storefronts before telling me that she had to use the Ladies’ room and headed down a small barren, brick-lined corridor to the lavatory facilities.  I decided to make use of them as well as since I was a bundle of nerves my bladder was filling quite rapidly. 

Once we were through and she was primping herself in the mirror, she calmly announced, “Ash, I dare you to walk back to our car wearing just your underwear.” 

Talk about having your heart skip a few beats, “WHAT?! Seriously?” 

She gave me an incredulous look – no make that a look of disappointment as if she somehow hadn’t expected me to protest. I swallowed hard and softly replied with my voice trembling, “Let me get this straight, you want me to take off all my clothes and walk out of here in just my bra and panties, in front of all those people milling about; down the escalator, through the mall about 400 yards or more – by the way, did I mention that the mall just so happens to be packed with hundreds of people?  Then you want me to walk out the entrance that we came into; out into the parking lot, in broad daylight no less, to where we parked our car; by myself . . . in just my underwear. Is that right?” 

I was certain that in repeating out loud my understanding of what she just dared me to do she’d realize just how absurd her dare was. 

“No, silly,” she said laughing. 

“Oh, thank goodness!” I sighed with relief. “For a moment there I thought you were serious.” 

“Of course, I didn’t mean you have to wear just your bra and panties.” 

“Whew! I knew that I had misunderstood you!” 

Jess just grinned from ear to ear, “You can also wear the sandals you have on too.” 

“JESS!!” 

“Make up your mind. You’re either into this or you aren’t. I warned you that I’d test you today, didn’t I?  Well, here is your test. All you have to do is walk out here pretending like you’re dressed perfectly normal. Imagine yourself as some kind of lingerie model or something for Victoria’s Secret and you were taking a bathroom break. Just act perfectly normal and walk on like you own the place. You won’t be obscene – you’ll be covered, well the important bits anyway. It’s not like you’ll be totally naked though there’s an interesting thought!” 

“JESS!!” 

“Sure, hundreds of people will see you in your underwear, so what?” 

“But why are you making me do this here in such a public place?  I mean the other day when you made me walk around in my underwear it was dark and pretty secluded.” 

“That’s the point. I want you to do this in a place where you are guaranteed to be seen. Don’t tell me that when those people up the street saw you that fateful night that you weren’t turned on by it all.” 

She had a point. Being exposed hiding behind her like I had been was the highlight of that night! 

“Besides,” she added, “I’m doing this because I want to. That should be a good enough reason for you. So, are you in or out?” 

She stood there twirling her hair in that flirty way that she often does while leaning forward from the counter just enough so that I could see down the top of her sundress revealing that she was indeed not wearing a bra. Damn her! She knows what her teasing does to me! 

“I’m in,” said as I reluctantly pulled off my T-shirt over my head and handed it to her. I quickly unzipped my jeans and pulled them off as well before I changed my mind. Seeing myself in the lavatory mirror I realized one thing. I wasn’t thinking too well when I had gotten dressed that morning because I chose a white bra and plain looking red cotton panties. Model for Victoria’s Secret indeed! Why couldn’t I have chosen sexier undergarments? At least that way I could have used the model explanation if any customer complained.  As it was, I clearly looked like I was wearing a plain old bra and panties. I couldn’t even hope that people might think I was wearing a bikini either. What I had on looked exactly like what they were – a BRA and pair of PANTIES! 

Jess was giggling almost uncontrollably now.  “You look terrified! I LOVE IT!” 

What a bitch, I thought to myself. She was relishing my discomfort! 

“This is how I want you to do this,” she said rather firmly. “I’m going out and get ahead of you so I can watch everything as you walk towards me. I want you to wait at least FIVE minutes before you leave this restroom. You are to WALK at all times. If you run, you fail this test and we will never do anything like this again – not to mention how disappointed I’ll be in you. At no time will you acknowledge me. Do NOT look at me or even call out to me no matter what. I want to you act as if you are completely alone – that I’m just another customer in the mall. Got it?” 

I nodded. 

“I’ll be off. You do remember where we parked, right?” 

“Yes, outside the Macy’s entrance to the mall.” 

“Have fun!” she quipped and left chuckling leaving me alone and quite scared. Did I mention I was also quite aroused? 


Chapter 7 

I stood there looking at myself in the mirror. I didn’t have a watch as I use my smartphone for keeping track of the time and I didn’t have that with me as it was in the pocket of my jeans and Jess now had those. I guessed at when I was to leave. In any event I wasn’t in a hurry. 

Suddenly I heard voices approaching from outside in the corridor, women’s voices so I knew they were headed my way. I HAD to leave. The last thing I wanted to do was to get caught up close and personal dressed like this. I’d feel cornered and trapped in such a confined space 

I took a deep breath, glanced at myself in the mirror one last time, ran my fingers quickly through my hair a bit and opened the door and walked out. The first thing I heard was a sudden gasp! I looked up and saw three college aged girls looking at me in somewhat disbelief. 

“COOL!” finally one of them said as the others giggled covering their mouths. 

Just seeing them looking at me made me get all the wetter and I worried that I was going to develop a visible wet spot that would be easily noticed against the red color of my cotton panties. The fact that they didn’t say anything rude or do anything to stop me was just the incentive I needed to keep going. Of course, I was still in the somewhat isolated corridor that led to the restrooms. The real test would be out in the mall. 

The girls just stood their giggling and watching me as I passed them by and headed towards the main area of the mall. I could see people wandering to and fro up ahead and so far, no one had noticed me. 

As I rounded the corner and actually made my way towards the escalator several yards up ahead, I heard a little boy ask almost at the top of his voice as kids his age often do, “Mommy, mommy, why is that girl in her underwear?” I quickly glanced around and saw the boy pointing his finger right at me. Then I noticed that his mother shot me a dirty look as she grabbed his hand and turned him around and headed in another direction. 

NOW I wanted to crawl under a rock and die!!  I tried to recall the advice Jess had given me earlier – to pretend that I was supposed to be dressed this way and act confident. I took another deep breath pulled my shoulders back and marched on. Of course, this had the effect of jutting my boobs out away from my body drawing ever more attention to them so I quickly exhaled and tried to walk normally. 

Out of the corner of my eye I saw Jess grinning from ear to ear. She was also holding up her cell phone obviously recording the whole thing for her enjoyment later, the rat! I did my best to ignore her but the more I tried to look away the more I wanted to look back at her! Somehow seeing that she was enjoying this made me feel warm and loved inside. 

As I walked on most of the people in the mall came to a stop and, well, just stared. It was clear I was THE center of attention and I loved it!  It was embarrassing as hell and after seeing Jess with her phone I just knew that this was going to be plastered everywhere – Facebook, amateur porn websites, people’s personal blogs, Instagram. There would be no mistaking that it was me as my face was not disguised in the least and the lighting in this mall in the middle of the afternoon was good enough to capture my panty-clad form perfectly. No hiding in the shadows today. 

That fact sent shivers up my spine!!  It also gave me that funny tingling down below that I relished so very much. 

I was a confused mess to be sure. 

No one approached me or tried to stop me. I had gone over 100 yards so far and other than the dirty look I got from that mom everyone seemed just to be content with enjoying the show. 

Just then a woman came running up to me obviously thrilled at her good fortune seeing me this way. Giggling she said, “Excuse me, but why are you doing this?” 

She was quite pretty and the fact that she was so professionally dressed in her skirt and blouse made me feel so much more exposed and out of place than I had felt before she approached me. 

I knew I had to say something but going with the Victoria Secret line seemed out of place given my rather unimpressive underwear. Saying that this was a dare seemed equally sophomoric. Hormones make you say and do some pretty stupid things so before I knew it, I found myself saying, “A kid threw up on me back there and I wasn’t about to go home with that all over me so I just tossed the foul clothing in the trash and I’m trying to get to my car!”  Of course, after I said that, it seemed to me to be quite impressive. 

At first the lady looked rather empathic to my plight then her face broke into a HUGE smile and she practically yelled, “Yeah, SURE. Is this one of those hidden camera reality shows? I’m on TV, right?” 

I shook my head and was about to correct her when she yelled, “HEY EVERYBODY, THEIR SHOOTING A HIDDEN CAMERA REALITY SHOW. WE’RE ALL GOING TO BE ON TV!!” 

“No, you’ve got it all wrong,” I protested but to no avail. People came flocking over to me like bees to a pretty flower asking all sorts of questions like, “What’s your name? What show is this for? When will it be on TV? Can I help?” 

The crowds kept getting bigger and closer and soon I felt people brushing up against me – in places they shouldn’t be touching! I couldn’t tell if the contact was accidental or deliberate but my intimate places were getting touched quite often as people gathered around. I was getting so aroused I was barely able to contain myself. I’ve never been in a big crowd in just my bra and panties before. 

“Please, let me pass. I need to go . . . please everybody, move out of my way!” 

No one was listening to me.  Finally, I got an idea. “Look, if everyone would form a single line against the wall over there the hidden camera will be able to see you clearly. Everyone please just move back against the wall or we will have to stop shooting and do this project somewhere else!” 

I then heard several people repeating my instructions and a couple of guys began herding the crowd away from me. I guess if you just tell people what they want to hear they’re more likely to do want you want. 

Once the crowd started moving away from me; I saw the down escalator just up ahead. If I could just make it to those stairs I’d be on my way. They couldn’t encircle me on that thing! The worst they could do was to follow me but at least I’d be able to move! 

It was now or never I thought and I started walking. No one seemed to notice at first as they were all so busy trying to get lined up to get seen on my fake hidden camera. 

I was about 4 steps from the escalator when I heard some woman from behind me shout, “STOP!” 

Someone finally noticed that I was sneaking off. I had to get on those stairs before they started coming after me. I took another rather quick step forward and suddenly felt someone grabbing my arm rather forcefully. “LET GO OF ME!” I demanded. 

“I’ll do no such thing!” the authoritative voice said. “You’re coming with me.” 

“Like hell I am,” I snapped and tried to break free of this idiot’s grasp but my arm was held fast and all I did was strain my own muscles. 

“I whirled about to see who this maniac was and I saw a woman in a Deputy Sherriff’s uniform – not a mall cop or one of those old men in rent-a-cop uniforms but a real bona fide law enforcement officer and she had a death grip on my arm. 

I looked up at her face to plead with her to let me go and then a light bulb went off . . . “YOU!  It’s YOU! You’re a cop??” I exclaimed in disbelief.  It was my customer from the beauty shop – the same woman who saw my embarrassing streak in my neighborhood many nights ago. 

I was so screwed! 


Chapter 8 

The officer just gave me a sly grin before getting a more serious look on her face and yanking my arm signaling her intent that I was to follow her. “You’re coming with me.” 

Those idiotic customers in the mall apparently thought this was still all part of that reality TV show they thought I was part of and began clapping as I was being led away. 

It was totally embarrassing being led way arm in arm by a Sherriff’s deputy who was also a customer of mine! I just HAD to know who she was. I looked at her name tag; it read: Officer Barbara Hollingsworth. “Please let me go, Barbara,” I pleaded softly trying not to make any more of a scene that I had already all the while hoping that our business acquaintanceship might just persuade her to give me a little deferential treatment. I obviously needed all the help I could get. 

“Just keep walking,” she demanded coldly and led me past the crowd and towards another corridor near the restrooms. Given her “By-the-book” demeanor I guess I was mistaken about her cutting me any slack.  As I looked over my shoulder upon leaving the main mall, I saw the crowd breaking up and going about their business. I guess they figured the show was over thank goodness and that there was no sense in hanging around. 

The officer led me to the end of that unassuming corridor and through a plain solid door marked, “Employees Only.” Once inside I was in a large open area with multiple desks and a bunch of clerks of some type all working away until one of them happened to look up and notice me. “What the . . . ?” she said, obviously taken aback at the sight before her. Others hearing her remark stopped working and soon everyone was staring at this young woman in her underwear. The silence on the room was deafening and added to the seriousness of the situation. 

Without pausing even for a minute, the officer led me down an internal corridor past several offices until we reached a solid door marked, “Security.” She opened the door and pushed me inside closing the door after her.  She pointed to a spot in front of the only desk in the room and told me to stand there as she removed her nightstick from her gun belt and tossed it haphazardly onto the desk and then sat down.  She leaned back in the chair putting her arms behind her head as if to admire her trophy as I stood there looking back at her not knowing what else to do. 

Neither of us said a word for several minutes. She just looked at me with a stone-cold expression on her face that was inscrutable. Oh, WHY was I so stupid, I thought to myself?  I should have NEVER listened to Jess. Now look what I had gotten myself into. 

Finally, I detected her pursed lips changing to a smirk, then an evil grin and finally a huge smile.  “So, my stylist is a bit of a tart. Who would have known?” 

I felt so ashamed I just looked at the floor in silence. Barbara was a pretty woman and normally quite kind to me when she was in the salon. It was hard to look at her. 

“You are in so much trouble . . . Ashley, isn’t it?” 

“Yes, ma’am, Ashley,” I replied meekly still looking at the floor. 

“So, just what in the hell are you up to now? First, I catch you flashing in my own neighborhood and now this! Are you some kind of sicko pervert or something?” 

“No, ma’am . . .” 

“Is someone making you do this, is that it? Are you in some kind of trouble?” 

“No, ma’am . . .” 

“Well, you’re a polite little tart I must say. So, what’s the story?” 

I swallowed hard. I couldn’t very well admit my perverted fantasies to her – not a client of mine! Why, it would be all over town. No one would ever seek me out to do their hair. You know how women are in a Hair Salon – we are all gossip. I’d be the talk of the town for like years! Finally, I just blurted out, “Look it’s not what you think.  Please just let me go.” 

She just picked up a pencil that was lying on the desk and began fiddling with it in her fingers. “I wish it was that easy. I like you; I really do but the management here takes a dim view of things like this. Teenagers and college kids are always causing trouble here – mostly because they are bored. The mall’s corporate office has had enough of it. This is a family place and they want to keep out the bad elements in town. They have a good reputation and they intend on doing everything possible to keep it. That’s why they’ve discontinued their own security force and began hiring off-duty police officers to handle things. I’m afraid the mall manager will insist on your formal arrest and pressing charges. I’ll have to take you down to the station and book you and get you fingerprinted. He’s on his way here right now. His secretary has already notified him.” 

I let out an audible gasp, “ARRESTED? I can’t be arrested and taken to jail!  I’ll have a record! I’ll lose my tonsorial license – my job! Isn’t there some way out of this?” 

She looked at me pensively for a moment and then smiled again. “I guess I could try persuading him . . . to argue on your behalf but . . .” 

“But? But what?” I asked with obvious stress in my voice. 

“Well, if I’m going to go out on a limb for you and put MY reputation at risk for someone I hardly know, I need to understand what’s going on with you. So why don’t you tell me why you were out practically in my neighborhood and why you are walking around this mall in your bra and panties – nice color panties, by the way – red, it matches your blushing face.” 

“Well, um . . . it’s hard to explain really . . .” I certainly didn’t want to tell her any more than was absolutely necessary and I certainly didn’t want to implicate my best friend either. 

Listen, Ashley,” she said with a serious tone, the smile now gone from her face. I’m not sure how long you have before the manager walks in here and once he does, your ass belongs to him. Got it? So, if you want my help, I suggest you find a way to tell me the truth – all of it – and I must warn you that I’ll be able to tell if you are lying or hiding anything because I’m an expert at reading body language. I have to be in my line of work, you know. So get talking  . . .” 

She was right. I was in a bad situation and my only hope of getting out of it was to do as she asked. She was holding all the cards. “I . . . that is, I have this . . . um, fantasy . . . you know of imagining myself in certain . . . situations.” 

“Time is running out, girl . . . go on. What KIND of situations?” 

“Well, I like to read stories about girls being caught in compromising situations, you know.” 

“You mean like this?” she asked pointing to me waving her hand up and down my nearly exposed body. 

“Well, sort of . . . sometimes I imagine myself . . .” I could barely find the strength to continue “well, naked.” There, I said it.  “Naked like some of the girls in the stories I read getting caught that way by strangers. 

“Oh yeah? Who are your favorite authors? Maybe I have heard of them” 

“Oh Gosh . . . um, well, there’s BPCavel and um . . . ReaderMan, I suppose. I like them a lot.” 

“I’ll have to check them out. Go on, continue sweet pea. You haven’t much time.” 

Anyway, I’ve always wanted to see what it would be like but I’m too chicken to do that. So, I figured that I’d try to let people see me in my underwear and just IMAGINE I was actually naked figuring maybe I’d find out what it was like without, you know, exposing myself completely. I figured it would help me when I was reading my favorite stories, you see? I could identify with the character in the story better, that’s all.” 

“So, you’re not really a die-hard exhibitionist, is that was you are telling me?” 

“Gosh, no; the other night was, well an accident. I wasn’t trying to be seen but it got me thinking and . . .” 

“And this is what you came up with?” she asked chuckling a bit. 

I just nodded my head in total humiliation. 

“And I suppose I ruined your fun just now by hauling you in here.” 

“In a way, yes,” I replied softly. “Ruined is a good word, I guess.” She certainly ruined my day anyway, I thought to myself. 

“And I suppose you’ll never really know fully what it is like now that I turned your little experiment into a nightmare. I imagine that in the back of your mind you’ll still be wondering until you end up doing something really stupid.” 

I didn’t know what to say or even if I was supposed to respond to her. 

“Well, go on.” 

“Go on? I’ve told you everything, HONEST!” 

“Oh, I believe you,” she said with a note of empathy. “No, I meant go on and strip – get naked.” 

“WHAT?!” 

“You heard me. You wanted to know what it felt like to be naked in a public place, right? Well, this is a public place and I’m practically a stranger. Just take off your bra and panties and find out what it feels like.” 

“I . . . I couldn’t. I just couldn’t!” 

“Why not? It’s the only way you’ll get the answer to your question and know for sure what it really feels like. If you do that, I’ll feel better about trying to get you off the hook with the mall’s manager. This way I’ll know in my own mind that you’d probably not try something like this again.” 

“Right now?” 

“You’d better hurry . . .  tick – tock, tick – tock, you know.” 

I wasn’t sure if she just wanted to see me naked or if she was really trying to help me. She was a hard person to read. I hated to admit it but she was right about me wanting to experience this firsthand and it WAS just the two of us. The thought of actually doing this was overwhelming. My hands were literally trembling with fear as I reached back behind me and unclasped my bra and let it fall from my shoulders revealing my breasts. 

Barbara reached out and took it from me as I then nervously lowered my panties which she also took possession of, holding them in her hand. 

I was actually NAKED in the mall’s back office and a client of mine was looking me over not two feet in front me!! My heart felt like it was going to pound itself right out of my chest! 


Chapter 9 

Barbara seemed quite pleased with herself as she continued to look me up and down. “Turn around,” she asked making a circular motion in the air with her finger. 

It was embarrassing knowing that as I turned away from her, she was ogling my bottom. When I completed my turn facing her again, she was all smiles like she had won the lottery or something. That made be blush all the more knowing that she was obviously liking what she was seeing.  All girls want to feel that they are attractive and Barbara was certainly making me feel that way. The fact that she was quite pretty only made things worse. 

“So, how does it feel?” she asked coyly still grinning from ear to ear. 

“Truthfully, I’m scared to death!” 

“If the damp spot on your panties is any indication, you’re probably horny as hell.” She then held up the soaked gusset of my panties for me to see making me blush all the more. “I’d say you’re much more aroused now than you were when you were wearing these,” she added laughing aloud. 

Suddenly a man’s voice somewhere out in the hallway angrily asked, “Where are they?” 

“I think they are in the security office, sir?” a lady replied from outside the door. 

“It’s the MANAGER!” Barbara exclaimed excitedly as she tossed my undergarments into her desk drawer and slammed it shut. She then ran around behind me nervously yelling, “QUICK, put your hands behind your back.” 

“What; why?” 

“Just do it. There’s no time!  Just follow my lead and go along with what I say and I think I can get you out of this.”  I then felt the cold steel of handcuffs locking my wrists firmly in place behind my back just as the manager barged into the room! 

He only took a step into the office and suddenly stopped while still holding the door open when he saw that I was naked. The look of shock on his face will be forever burned into my mind as he looked me over. 

Regaining his composure, he continued into the room leaving the door wide open to the hallway and walked in a circle around the two of us as Barbara continued holding onto my arm. At that moment I saw a professionally dressed young woman walk by the open door. She peered into the room, stopped dead in her tracks; looked at me with her mouth wide open and then gave me a playful smirk as she continued on. 

The manager cleared his throat as he rounded back in front of me and said, “So you caught the little delinquent that was causing all that disturbance. Good work, officer.” 

He then looked at me with his beady little eyes and said, “YOU disgust me! I’ll not have your type pulling stunts like this in MY mall. I want her formally arrested and I insist on pressing any applicable charges. I also want to have her given a trespass warning baring her from this property forever!” 

I gasped again. Barbara was right, he was a bastard! And I was in soooooo much trouble! 

My heart stopped however when my supposed protector simply said, “Right. I thought you’d feel that way,” and jerked my restrained arm that she had ahold of towards the door my eyes got big and I began to get angry! 

I had been betrayed! This had all been a lie! She got me to strip just to get me in a more damning predicament just so she could look good! I was about to shout out in protest when Barbara spoke up, “You know . . .” she said thoughtfully, “You are right in wanting to press charges against this woman but I think I should tell you that I know her, well, her family actually and that might not be the best course of action.” 

“Oh?” 

“Yes, and if you don’t mind me saying, that from what I know this might be one of those delicate situations that must be handled carefully.” 

“Really?  You mean she’s got connections of some sort?” 

I could see Barbara nodding her head ever so slightly. “Like I said I know this girl and her family and she’s not really a bad sort. She’s high spirited, I’ll grant you that, but she’s not the type to get into trouble. This is highly unusual behavior for her and I’m sure she regrets her stupidity.” 

I began nodding my head vigorously in agreement as the manager looked at me as if to ponder Officer Hollingsworth’s words 

. 

She then continued, “I’m sure your kids have done a thing or to that you didn’t want to get out in the public’s eye. You know your kids are decent at heart. I think this one here is basically a good person who did something foolish.” 

The manager rubbed his chin for a few moments and then I saw him lower his eyes down my body – slowly down my body. I’m sure he wanted me to think he was considering Barbara’s argument but he was a man after all and I knew what he was doing – he was taking the opportunity to leer at my exposed flesh!  Just knowing what he was doing caused me to get even more aroused than I had been and I felt my nipples tightening up right before his very eyes. His gaze continued down lower and lower stopping at my pelvis. I could feel my labial lips getting all the more engorged.  I was afraid my ever-increasing wetness was going to eventually start trickling down my thighs if he kept this up. 

Finally, he quickly raised his head and directed his attention to the officer. “I’m sure you’re right but I can’t just let her off the hook. If word gets out that I’ve gone soft I’ll have every looney-toon in town pushing the envelope here. That would undo all the hard work and expense I’ve put into curtailing delinquents from visiting here.” 

I was screwed! This guy is definitely a hard-ass. 

“I see your point,” Barbara continued, “but I think I can assure you that you won’t be troubled by her again. I know her mom and trust me after I take her home, she’ll be suitably punished and I’m sure word on the street will be positive. In fact, I’ll personally see to it by keeping an eye on her. This way you won’t ruin a potentially good person with a record and, well, frankly you’ll avoid a lot of potential headaches from the family later on if you did as you originally suggested. Of course, the decision is ultimately yours and I’ll certainly support whatever you decide. I just felt I had a duty to point out a few things that might be in your interest.” 

I wasn’t sure how much of what Barbara was saying was true about knowing my mom or all that stuff about my family having connections and all that as we certainly weren’t well-connected. As far as I knew she didn’t even know my mom at all.  Perhaps she was just using her street smarts and playing a little politics to do me a favor. What she was saying wasn’t really important.  I was just glad she was true to her word and was trying to help me. 

The manager once again looked at me for a moment and then said, “Can I have a word with you in private?” 

Barbara agreed and sternly told me not to move until she got back. Like where in the hell was I going to go naked and restrained as I was? I just meekly nodded as the two of them stepped just outside the open door out of sight. I could hear them muttering to each other. I couldn’t make out what they were saying but their exchange went on for some time. 

I thought that the longer they were talking the better it was for me. Perhaps he was softening his stance and was going to let me go. I needed to put all my faith into Barbara.  What choice did I have? 

Eventually they stopped talking and I no longer could see the man’s trouser-covered leg that had been visible near the doorway. In fact, I couldn’t hear or see anything!  What was going on I wondered? I began to get worried as more time passed. 

It was obvious that the Manager and Officer Hollingsworth were no longer in the hallway as soon a steady parade of people began passing by the open door, giggling. It seemed that every one of those clerks both men and women wanted to get a peek at the nude girl in the office. I was so embarrassed but there was nothing I could do. Some people waved; some gave me a mock kiss in the air. Several women actually shot me a bird while they were smiling at me obviously enjoying my humiliation, which really pissed me off! 

Then the crowd vanished as soon as it had appeared.  I heard footfalls in the hall and suddenly Barbara and the manager had returned and entered the room.  Both had somewhat serious expressions on their faces which didn’t bode well for my hopes of getting out of here without going to jail. 

My mouth was as dry as the Sahara Desert. I tried to swallow but my tongue just stuck to the roof of my mouth. 

The Manager guy walked over to me and stood practically two inches from my face. He starred into my eyes for several moments. Here it comes I thought. My life is over. “It’s against my better judgment but this fine Officer has convinced me not to have you arrested . . .” 

As disgusting as it is to say this, I actually wanted to kiss that fat bastard. She did it! She really went to bat for me! Now it was Barbara that I wanted to kiss! 

I was in a fog as the Manager kept speaking. I was brought back to Earth when I ultimately heard him say, “Provided and I do mean PROVIDED that you agree to Officer Hollingsworth’s plan and that she take you straight home and tell your mother exactly what happened here today. She has assured me she will keep a close eye on you and report back to me on your progress? If you agree then I think we can call this incident closed. Do you agree?” 

My excitement knew no bounds at that moment. I wasn’t sure what all he had said but I was sure I wasn’t going to be taken to jail. I was getting off. I had dodged the bullet. I was ecstatic. 

“Well?” he barked at me impatiently. 

“Yes, I agree most definitely, yes!” 

“Very well then,” he said turning to Barbara, “I’m releasing her into your custody and I’m holding you to your word.” 

“I understand,” my new found friend said as the manager walked out the door. 

Barbara walked over to me and smiled as she took hold of my arm and began walking me towards the open door. 

“Hey!” I protested. “What about my clothes and these handcuffs?” 

She just stared at me with a puzzled look. “I told the Manager that I’d take you home like you are and explain things to your mom and you just agreed. Would you rather I take you to jail? I can do that ya know if you break your agreement.” 

“You’re taking me home naked and in Handcuffs?” Barbara grinned from ear to ear and without saying a word started walking me towards the door! 



Chapter 10 

Without missing a beat Officer Barbara followed the manager out the door of the security office. I was still handcuffed and she still had that death grip of hers on my arm as she dragged me along in tow. “But wait . . .” I exclaimed, “You aren’t . . . but you can’t! Please, I’m naked!” 

Once again, I immediately regretted the fact that my voice had been so loud as everyone at their desks immediately stopped talking and looked up at me. It didn’t take me long to notice that damn near every single one of them was smiling.  I also noticed that the mall manager had stopped and turned around to face me obviously pleased that I was reacting the way I was. When he saw the look of panic on my face, he seemed to take pleasure in the fact that this was so horrible for me. It was as if I was already being punished somehow for my transgressions in HIS mall.  I saw Officer Barbara return his grin as if to say “See, I told you my idea was a good one.” 

I was led past the rows and rows of desks in the large open-styled office with my feet instinctively dragging across the floor in subconscious protest, which had the effect of forcing my less than endowed chest out as I leaned back resisting our trek towards the exit. 

The female clerks were giggling, making no secret of the fact that they were thrilled with my predicament and what was happening to me while the male clerks, on the other hand, were simply taking in the view. A couple even had their mouths wide open, too paralyzed with what was happening to even grab their phones lest they miss any of the action. To those at their desks missing out on actually seeing me earlier, rumors of a naked girl in the Security Office was one thing, but actually having one forcefully being escorted in handcuffs right in front of their very eyes was quite another. 

When we got to the plain solid door that opened to the corridor that led to the mall, I pushed my body roughly against it blocking Barbara’s ability to pull it open hoping to gain a few moments so that I could persuade her to abandon her plan. That was a mistake as she used her free hand to forcefully smack my bottom sending a resounding echo throughout the room causing everyone to breakout in laughter.  Suitably chastened, I pulled back away from the door allowing her to open it. 

Sure, I was the one that wanted the thrill of exposure but not like this, not naked in a very public mall while enduring the humiliation of being treated like a criminal. I guess it was the “criminal” aspect that frightened me the most as it was so shameful. 

Out into the corridor we walked. Once the door closed and we were walking along the long, barren hallway leaving the curious office employees behind Barbara said, “Well, that went better than I had expected. For a moment there I didn’t think old fuss-budget was going to let you off. I had to argue with him for quite some time as he was so insistent that I take you to jail. Believe me this was far from certain. It’s a good thing I can be persuasive when I have to be.” 

Her comment reminded me that things could have gone much worse for me and I began to feel grateful for her assistance. “Thank you. I really DO appreciate your help. I owe you one.” I noticed that her demeanor had softened and she was almost smiling.  I relaxed a bit and let out a huge sigh of relief. Now I was certain that she was on my side. 

To my chagrin, however, we continued to walk towards the main part of the mall from whence we had come earlier with her still firmly holding my arm. I could see people milling about in the main section of the mall casually shopping and I began to get a little nervous again. “So . . . did you put my panties and bra inside your pocket or something or do you have another plan?” I asked with a little trembling in my voice. 

She stopped abruptly and turned me to face her. “Excuse me?” she responded, as if she couldn’t believe what I had just asked. 

“Well, I mean you ARE going to take these bracelets off now and let me get dressed, right? You’re not really going to take me through the mall naked, are you? I mean it’s YOUR fault that I got caught without my underwear on.” 

Her eyes narrowed and her expression turned quite serious. Pointing to the Star on her left chest she snapped, “Do you see this? I EARNED this. It took me years and a lot of hard work to get into the Police Academy and then several more years working in the county jail before I was able to prove myself and get promoted to full Deputy Status. It’s not easy being a female officer you know as most of the male deputies don’t think a woman can handle this job – that we are too soft or something. Let’s get something straight right now, missy. I put my career on the line for you back there and kept your ass out of jail. The only way I could get keep you from formally being charged and taken to jail was to get that manager to agree to let me take you home to your mother AS YOU ARE. You agreed to that. Everyone heard it so that’s what I’m going to do. Got it?” 

I was in shock. I remember saying ‘yes’ back there but admittedly I wasn’t really paying attention at all. I was too relieved that I wasn’t going to be taken to jail that I scarcely heard anything old fatso was saying. What had I done? “You mean you’re going to . . . all the way out there in the mall . . .?” 

With that I almost fainted as my legs went limp. Barbara grabbed me under both arms and began shouting firmly, “Buck up, sweetheart. Stop being such a wuss.”  She lightly slapped me across my face like in those old Italian movies, which brought me back to reality.  I regained my composure and stood back up. “That’s the ticket,” she said as we resumed our march towards the mall. “Besides, you wanted to see what it felt like to be a character in one of your stories so I guess you’re in heaven now, right?” She was grinning again as she nodded towards my chest. 

I looked down and much to my surprise my nipples were proud and excited. I became aware of something else too. I was wet and that pleasing little feeling began rising deep within me. I might not have been in heaven but I was indeed aroused. My brain was scared out of its senses but my body was screaming for more. I took a deep breath and braced myself for my eventual public unveiling. 

As we got with 5 yards of the mall proper Jessica suddenly stepped into view. “JESS,” I exclaimed excitedly! I had forgotten all about her. 

“Well Jess, here she is in all her glory, just like you wanted!” the Deputy said laughing her fool head off. 

“WHAT?!” I muttered half aloud and half to myself. “You mean, you two know each other?” 

Jess began laughing hilariously. “Of course, we do. I’ve known Barbara for years. We go way back.” 

“You mean you guys set all of this up? She was in on it the whole time?” 

Jess came up to me and gave me a soft kiss on the cheek. “I told you that I’d look out for you, didn’t I? So . . . having fun yet?” she asked as she ran her finger between my legs. “Oops, I’ll take that as a yes,” she quipped as she raised her wet finger for us to see and added mockingly, “I guess that was a rhetorical question, huh?” 

I must have turned six shades of red as I felt myself getting flushed with embarrassment all over listening to them carrying on about her wet finger waving teasingly in the air. 

“Oh Jess . . . you have no idea what I’ve just been through. I’m glad it’s over! 

“Over?” Officer Hollingsworth replied. “Oh honey, it’s far from over.” 

“Wha . . . what do you mean it’s not over?” 

“Look, old Lard Ass back there was for real. He really WAS insisting on pressing charges. Like I said, the only way to get you out of this was to make him think your punishment was going to be something you’ll never forget so I have to take you home to your mother as you are. Weren’t you listening to anything we’ve been talking about for the last ten minutes? I really have no choice.  Knowing him he’ll be watching on the various surveillance cameras throughout the mall making sure I go through with this.” She then began chuckling while adding as she looking my naked body over from head to toe, “. . .  and with his hand in his pants no doubt.” Jess began laughing too at her remark. 

My heart began to race again. I felt like I was on this frightening roller coaster – slowly climbing up and up then free falling down at terrifying speeds. I was scared out of my wits one minute then basking in relief in another then climbing once again towards the precipice! 

“JESS!! Do something!” I gasped at my friend in desperation. 

My friend began playfully caressing my face and hair and then rubbing her hand sensually up and down my back. “Do you remember asking me, no make that BEGGING me, to help you live out your fantasies and I told you that I had to get something out of this too?” 

“Well, yes but . . .” 

“Do you remember when we started all of this and I said I liked controlling people, making them do whatever I want – especially making them do embarrassing or humiliating things. The riskier the better; making them do things that they would NEVER really do by themselves; pushing them well past their limits; things that might have a certain element of risk or pain – not physical pain per se but certainly having the potential to cause them emotional stress?” 

“Yes, but . . .” 

“Well, this is one of those stressful things I want to see you do. It will help me with MY fantasy. It’s not all about you. You agreed to that remember?” 

Me and my big mouth! I’ve got to stop agreeing to things before thinking them through.  Still, I cared so much for Jessica that if this makes her happy then I’d do it – I’d do it for her as I love her so much! I lowered my head and sighed. “I’m ready. Let’s get this over with.” 

Both of them starting chuckling again, “You’re priceless, you know that?” the Deputy said. “I can see why Jessica likes playing games with you.” 

I looked up and Jess had a warm and kind look upon her face as she said, “You didn’t really think that we’d make you walk all the way through the mall naked, did you? I’ve got something you can wear.” 

“YOU DO!” I said excitedly, “But what about old Lard Ass . . .” 

The Deputy interjected, “Oh he’ll be watching that’s for sure but I think we can give you a little help and still satisfy old Lard Ass.” 

“What do you mean?” I asked hopefully. Then to my utter embarrassment Jess pulled out a small pad of tan-colored “Post-It” notes about two inches square. She peeled off one of the squares and placed it over my left nipple barely covering it and then did the same with the other breast. Tearing off yet a third piece of paper she placed it low on my pelvis so that the part of my labia that peeked up from between my legs was also covered. 

“There!” she announced with pride. “That ought to do it!” 

I looked down at myself and was immediately filled with dread. Yes, the “Post-It” notes ostensibly covered the essentials, albeit just barely, but my nipples were so aroused they were actually pushing the papers out from underneath as only the top side of a “Post-It” note has that sticky glue stuff. All the other edges are just paper. Anyone looking from underneath or from the side would see EVERYTHING. I also realized that from a distance the tan color my friend had chosen would make it look like I wasn’t wearing anything at all so Mr. Fatso couldn’t tell from looking on camera that my naughty bits were actually covered. The gentle cool air on my backside, however, also reminded me that my ass was totally exposed and if I bent over, I’d be revealing my most intimate of places. Hell, I’d probably do that anyway just walking! This was supposed to HELP?! 

This was more embarrassing than just being naked. The girls both had HUGE grins on their faces as they admired my “new look.” 

“That ought to fool old Fuss Budget,” Barbara said as she once again began leading me out towards the mall. “We had better get going before the old man gets suspicious.” 
