A Whole New World
by Smuttyandfun

Cadence lets loose and enjoys some steamy fun with Taz.

New city. New job. New Condo. Spinning in a circle, taking in my new digs, I could hardly believe I was embarking on a whole new life.

But I needed a change. After I'd found my fiancé in bed with my best friend, going at it like cats in heat, I couldn't stand the idea of spending even one more night in our apartment. So naturally, I jumped at the chance to start over in warm, sunny Texas, leaving snowy Michigan behind, along with that lying cheating bastard who'd so callously broken my heart.

It was so hot this year on the outskirts of Brownsville, even at Christmas, that I decided to leave the wall of retractable windows wide open in my bedroom, while I looked for places to store all my stuff.

I know I could have put on the air-conditioner, but I wanted to air the place out, especially since I had someone coming over to add a fresh coat of paint to the walls. The condo was only ten years old, so thankfully all it really needed was a little freshening up.

When I woke up this morning, it was already so hot by 7:30, that after I'd had a cool shower, I hated the idea of putting clothes on. Opting for just a little white tube top that barely covered my perky 34C's, along with my tiniest pair of clingy yoga shorts, I twisted my long blonde hair up in a messy bun to keep it off my neck. At least I could feel the warm breeze on my skin while I sorted through my things, while hunting for my Christmas decorations.

I smiled, relieved as I pulled my tiny Christmas tree intact out of a moving box, along with a small case of miniature ornaments. I thought it would make the place feel a little homier, if I went to the trouble of decorating for the season, even if it would only be for me.

While I was in the mood, I put a tray of cookies in the oven and stopped unpacking long enough to do a little decorating.

After setting my little tree up on a table in my living room and turning on the fairy lights, I decided it would have to do for now, until I could go out and find a few more things to try and make the place look a little more festive.

I took a break and poured some coffee to see how the gingerbread men turned out, and I thought as I sampled a second warm, spicy treat that were nearly as good as my mom's.

Back at it in my bedroom, I was opening a box of shoes, trying to decide if I should keep them all, or find somewhere to donate the ones I rarely wore, when I heard a knock on the door, and knew it had to be Taz, the painter. He'd come highly recommended from two girls at the hospital where I worked. The way they'd gushed about him, I didn't even bother asking for references, assuming he'd be good at his job.

But when I opened the door, I swear my jaw almost hit the floor. Good god, he had bad boy written all over him. Dirty-blond hair pulled back in a pony-tail, just a hint of sexy beard scruff, sun-bronzed skin, startlingly pale blue eyes, along with a devilish smirk planted on his lips and even a small silver hoop earring in his ear, had him looking a bit like a pirate. He had to be the sexiest man I'd ever encountered. Instantly aroused, I could feel a shiver race through me as my nipples began to pebble. Dropping my gaze, my pussy really began to clench as I took in his well-worn, body-hugging jeans, that did nothing to hide his pretty substantial looking package.

Clad in just a skin tight white tank top, that really showed off his muscles, as my eyes wandered their way back up his body, and I began to study the intricately designed tats covering his perfectly muscled arms, Taz made me jump when he finally cleared his throat to get my attention.

I could tell from the way his lips were twitching that he was trying his best not to laugh, as I wondered if every woman he met, reacted to him like this, practically drooling, while forgetting why I'd even asked him to come over.

Oh, right. He was here to paint my condo.

Belatedly, I realized he had his hand extended. I could feel my cheeks burning as I reached out and accepted his firm grip. Still smirking, he introduced himself, "You must be Cadence, I'm Taz."

I imagined Taz had to be short for Tasmanian devil, considering the naughty glint in his eye and the hint of a sexy Australian accent that only made him that much more enticing.

All I knew, was this guy was the polar opposite of my ex- fiancé Donny. Who never had a hair out of place, and felt underdressed if he wasn't wearing a button-down shirt and tie with his shoes polished enough to see his reflection.

When I finally remembered my manners, and held the door open for him to come in, I told him as he stepped inside, "Actually my friends all call me Cady."

He winked. "Cady, it is then."

I showed him around and explained what I wanted done. The last owner was really into dark colors, which made the place look kind of drab. But I wanted everything light and airy and Taz agreed, taking notes as we walked around the kitchen and living area, ending our tour in the master bedroom.

"I'm still looking for places to put everything," I explained, nodding at the pile of boxes stacked around the room.

Taz was too busy smiling at the big open wall of windows to notice. "Not sure if you knew, but this condo complex has got quite a reputation," he mentioned, as he turned his attention back onto me, letting his gaze slide over me like a physical caress.

After I managed to catch my breath, I asked, "What kind of reputation?" I just hoped it actually was a safe place to live, since I'd told the real estate agent being on my own, I was looking for somewhere where I wouldn't have to worry about coming home alone at night.

Taz shook his head and smiled. "Actually, it's quite safe, from what I've heard. The neighbors keep an eye on each other. But a lot of the residents here enjoy, I guess what you'd call, a pretty adventurous life style."

"Adventurous?"

Nodding his head, his heated gaze settled on my breasts. I could feel my nipples growing even harder, just from the look in his eyes as he practically stripped me bare with his gaze. I knew there was no way he could miss how aroused he'd gotten me, since he had my nipples nearly poking through my top.

I shivered as he stepped a little closer and whispered against my ear, "Sex is pretty free here, especially since no one bothers to cover up when they go in for a swim."

Wow! I had no idea. If possible, my nipples grew even harder and my poor deprived pussy was nearly soaking through my shorts while I wondered what this bad boy would look like out of his clothes. Preferably, while hovering over me, ready to make me see stars.

Dropping my gaze, I licked my lips when I realized I wasn't the only one aroused. From what I could tell, he looked as hard as a freaking brick, and nearly as thick and long.

It felt like ages since I'd had sex, since Donny had kind of gone cold, long before I discovered that he'd been banging my friend.

Still, the little voice of reason in my head was chiding me, 'You cannot get it on with your painter, a man you barely know.' But my needy body was screaming at me to ignore that stupid little voice and just go for it. Normally, I'd never dream of doing anything so rash. I'd always played by the rules and did the right thing. But considering it was the norm around here, and doing the right thing hadn't exactly worked out with Donny, considering he'd cheated on me with my bestie. I decided a little walk on the wild side might be just what I needed.

Breaking into my thoughts, still wearing that suggestive smirk, Taz said, "I think I'll start moving the furniture away from the walls, so I can see what needs painting."

I just nodded and decided I'd better help out and start moving some of the boxes, instead of fantasizing about seeing him strip out of his clothes.

I was struggling to reach up to the top shelf in my walk-in closet, to put away a box of my winter gear, that I knew I wouldn't need. But it was too heavy to push onto the shelf, even standing on my tip toes. And as I looked up at it teetering on the edge, I was afraid it was going to fall on my head.

But then I felt Taz come up behind me. Right behind me. I could feel his erection sliding against my ass as he relieved me of the box. "Here, let me put that away for you," he murmured against my ear, sending a delectable little shiver all the way down my spine.

Once he'd pushed the box onto the shelf, and I knew it wasn't going to fall, relieved, I sagged against him. I guess to keep me steady, he slipped his arm around me. "You, okay?" he breathed against my ear, with his big hard body still pressed against my back.

I nodded, and turned my head to look up at him. He was so close, I could feel the heat of his breath on my lips and his arm felt so strong and warm wrapped around me, that I parted my lips and moaned as he leaned in, gently touched his lips to mine and kissed me.

I knew it was crazy to be kissing a man that I barely knew, especially so soon after we'd met, but I needed this so badly, that I just gave in.

Aroused beyond belief, I shamelessly wiggled my butt against his fly, loving the feeling of his rock-hard shaft pressed up against my ass as he slid his tongue between my lips and deepened the kiss. As his other hand slowly slid down over my body, I whimpered against his lips as he began to stroke my needy pussy through the thin fabric of my shorts.

"You're so wet, you're soaking my fingers right through your clothes," he whispered as he slid his hand into the front of my shorts. "Oh, yeah, your drenched," he confirmed as he slipped a finger inside me.

Oooh, I needed this so badly, I was nearly humping his hand, and ready to beg him to just take me already.

"Tell me what you need, Cady," he murmured against my ear, sliding his finger in and out of me, getting me so juicy, I was nearly dripping down my thighs.

"I need..." Oh, I couldn't say it. I couldn't tell him that I wanted him to take me hard and fast, till he had me screaming his name.

I could feel him smiling against my cheek as thankfully he whispered, "I know what you need."

Then my wish was coming true and he was lifting me off my feet, carrying me over to the bed that was now sitting right in front of the open wall of windows where he'd pushed it. As he gently placed me on my back in the middle of the mattress, I knew as he smiled into my eyes and peeled my shorts down over my legs, then tugged my top over my head, and tossed it aside, till he had me completely naked, that anyone looking in could see us about to have sex.

It was like we were putting on a show, and anyone who wanted to watch was welcome. But as I relished the sight of him tearing off his tank top, exposing all those rippling ornately inked muscles and then slowly, teasingly, sliding the zipper down on his jeans, I was way too eager to finally see him naked to even care what was happening outside. Or give a damn about what anyone else was seeing.

His body was truly a work of art, swirls of ink that trailed all the way down to his beautiful big cock, jutting out from his body, fully erect. He had a body that could make a grown woman weep, especially considering that woman was me, and he already had me whimpering.

Fisting himself in his hand, roughly tugging his shaft, the way he eyed me like his prey had me shivering, already convinced that this would be something I'd never forget. Raw, hot no holds barred sex with a man I barely knew.

I was sure taking a walk on the wild side now.

And quite possibly with an audience watching our every move.

I could see his cock glistening, and he was just so hard, I needed to feel him inside me more than I needed my next breath. Then he crawled between my legs, parted my thighs, lashed out his tongue and licked me, and I nearly bounced right off the bed.

"Easy now," he whispered, stroking my thighs as he looked up at me. "If this is something you don't like, I won't do it."

I could feel my eyes flare, as what he was saying hit me. "Are you crazy?" First guy I ever met who seemed to be into oral and he thought I wanted him to put on the brakes?

Taz chuckled and pressed a kiss to my mound. "We'll take it nice and slow then, okay?" Before I realized it, his head was buried between my legs, and I was tearing at his hair as the most amazing tingling jolt went straight up my spine and shot into my pussy while I was throwing back my head and screaming his name.

"Oh, yessss," I hissed, tossing my head from side to side, as he slid two fingers inside me and began to lick circles around my clit, sending me right over the edge and into the abyss.

I loved this man. Especially his tongue, oh and his fingers. And soon, I hoped, his big fat cock, once he showed me what he could do with it.

I was still coming down from my orgasmic high, when he reached into his wallet for a condom. His eyes were steady on mine as he slowly slid it all the way down to his balls.

So anxious to feel him pushing his way inside me, actual tremors were running through me as he crawled back between my legs and kissed both my thighs, sending goosebumps racing over every inch of me.

My breath caught in my throat as he fisted himself in his hand and began nudging his way inside me.

Oh, yes. This was what I needed, the feel of a man filling me up till I ached.

"Hmmm, you're a perfect fit, so nice and tight," he murmured as he flexed his hips and thrust into me, going a little deeper with every pump, dusting kisses all over my face.

He'd get no argument from me. I'd never felt anything like it. Now this was what sex was meant to feel like. And I was so glad now that I'd hired this sexy monster to do my painting.

He turned his head and smiled as he nodded outside. "Looks like we've got an audience."

When I looked at the balcony across the courtyard from mine, a little rush went through me at the erotic sight of my neighbor. A big beautiful black man, completely naked with his long, hard cock flying through his fist, obviously getting off at the sight of the two of us fucking.

Still pumping into me nice and deep, Taz cocked an eyebrow. "You don't mind him watching?"

I felt so elated and oddly so free, naked and utterly exposed while having the best sex of my life, I almost wanted to give a friendly wave to our voyeur. "No, I don't care who sees us."

"Then check out the balcony next to his," Taz said, nodding his head to the right.

We both laughed as we watched a beautiful Latina woman with long dark hair, hanging her enormous breasts over the balcony railing while her man pumped into her from behind as they intently watched us mating.

Inspired, I said to Taz, "Let's give them a real show."

Taz slid out of me, curious to see what I had in mind. I nodded at the end of the bed, and once he'd sat at the foot of the bed, I got on him reverse cowgirl style and moaned as I lowered my pussy back onto his hard, pulsing cock. "Ooh, it feels even tighter this way," I told him, smiling at the six people who were now intently watching our coupling. Two men standing side-by side, were anxiously tearing off their jeans and pulling out their dicks to jack themselves fast and hard in their fists while they watched Taz's cock disappearing inside me.

As Taz tugged on my nipples I circled a finger around my clit, thrusting down as he thrust up. Deciding I wanted them to see it all, I parted my pussy lips and leaned back against his chest, so they could see Taz's cock filling up my juicy pussy to the max as he fucked his way inside me.

"Oh, fuck yes," I cried out as Taz picked up his pace and hit me over and over again, right where I needed him.

From the corner of my eye, my breath coming in short little gasps, I watched the woman across the way savagely tugging at her big red nipples while her man with his jaw clenched, fucked her hard and fast from behind. Digging his hands into her hips, he threw back his head and growled as he came, taking his lady right over the edge with him as they both began to visibly shudder as they climaxed really hard.

Then I gasped with excitement as I watched the guy straight across from us. Letting out a deep, low grunt his eyes on mine, he shot his load right off the balcony, clenching his cock ruthlessly hard in his fist, spewing what looked like gallons in an arc into the air, that I imagined landed somewhere down in the courtyard beneath us -- hopefully not onto someone's head.

His breathing tight, Taz murmured against my ear, "I'm really getting close now."

I nodded and whispered, "Me too," as I happily bounced up and down on his cock, watching with bated breath as even more of my neighbors came out to watch our erotic display of affection. Stripping off one by one, they all were getting off at the sight of their new neighbor getting fucked to within an inch of her life.

"Ooh, I'm coming," I gasped as Taz pinched and tugged at my nipples, pumping into me deep and hard, till I felt ready to explode into a million pieces.

"Oh, damn, Cady," he whispered as he wrapped his arms around me, let go and began to pulse inside me, filling the condom almost to overflowing.

Clamping my muscles around him, as he kept thrusting, I cried out, "Oh, fuck, I've never come this hard in my freaking life!"

As one by one they witnessed us climax, I chuckled as my neighbors smiled and waved, apparently happy to have shared in my first truly erotic experience. But hopefully not my last, not when it felt this this good to finally let go and just enjoy myself for once, not really caring what anyone else thought about what we were sharing together.

Carefully, I slid off Taz, then seeing he was still semi-hard, and a little too tasty looking to resist, I got onto my hands and knees with my pussy purposely facing the open window and I went about licking him clean.

Quietly groaning his approval, his hand slid into my hair as I lashed his cock with my tongue, licking all the way down to his balls. "Oh fuck, Cady, that feels good," he murmured as I drew him between my lips and sucked him as hard as I could, till he was sliding over my tongue and hitting the back of my throat.

I chuckled to myself as I realized that my neighbors across the way were back at it, too. The pretty lady was following suit, on her knees cleaning up her man, while he twisted her long dark hair in his fists with his head back and his eyes closed as she sucked him off.

While the other two guys, standing side by side, were pumping their cocks in hands again. And so was my new across-the-way neighbor, getting his big black cock nice and hard again as he squeezed it in his fist, grunting as he watched me enjoying the feel of sucking off my gorgeous new friend Taz.

Then I yelped and laughed, and my neighbors actually cheered when he flipped me around and we did a little sixty-nine for their enjoyment it seemed as much as for ours, as I tried my best to deep throat Taz, while he made a meal out of my tingling pussy.

Shocked, I gasped when Taz pushed two fingers into my pussy and gave me a little finger fucking while I worked at getting him hard again.

I was pretty breathless by the time he got me onto my knees and started sliding his mighty weapon into from behind. I don't think I'd ever felt anything as tight, or anything as incredible as being taken doggy-style by my hunky new painter.

He felt so thick and so much longer this way, as filled up me up to my womb. We both forgot about condoms as he pumped me full of his seed, while I was clawing at the sheets and crying out his name again.

Another three loads of white, hot cum went sailing over the balconies across from us as Taz and I both collapsed in a breathless heap on the bed, happily smiling into each other's eyes.

We actually waved at my neighbors and they waved back laughing and smiling, all of us spent and pretty elated by look on everyone's faces.

"You know, you could probably have a three way, or even more, if you were interested in hooking up with any of them," Taz said as we watched each of them wander back into their condos.

I shook my head, and heaved a happy sigh as I stroked my hand across his bearded cheek. "No. You're more than enough for me."

I guess he liked my answer. He looked pretty pleased as he smiled and tugged me into his arms for a long, lingering kiss.

"What are you doing for Chrissie?" he asked me, once we finally pulled apart.

"You mean Christmas?"

He nodded. "Yeah."

Not sure, I just shrugged. "Guess I'll make a chicken or something, since it'll only be me."

He made me laugh, the way he waggled his eyebrows and suggested, "I noticed you've got a grill element on your stove, so I could do us some shrimps on the barbie."

I curled into his arms and kissed him. "Sounds like a perfect way to spend the holiday to me."

Grinning, he hugged me even tighter. "You've got that right."
