My name is Rahul. I live in the US now. I grew up in a very small town in Punjab. This is a true incident that happened with me a number of years ago and I had been carrying this guilt with me. This forum has not only provided me confidence to share my story but also has been very therapeutic to read other stories with similar experiences.

One day I came home early from school, My dad usually left early at am by train to another town for work. All of my brother sisters were at school. I found all ventilators and windows of the house pulled down and main iron gate bolted. I was not so sure what to make of all this. I went to my next door neighbors house and jumped over our roof and went downstairs. I heard some noise coming from the my parent's room and as soon as I reached there the door was locked but there was a big hole in the door. I peeped through the door and was st;unned,shocked to seem Bebe (my Mom) fully naked bent over while my Taya (uncle) moving his hands all over her ass. He spit on hispalm and started applying on her ass hole gently then he pushed his donkey sized cock in her ass hole. She made some loud noises of pain but he was not hearing any of that and in few minutes it became very rythematic, apparently she was have fun too.

He was holding her boobs in his hands while going in and out. First I got very angry but then all of a sudden I noticed I was hard like a rock. and was masturbating just watching them. This continued for a while. Finally he pulled it out, if he had ejaculated I did not see any cum but he did go to bathroom to clean his cock and he was still very hard. Now she lay on the floor, he started kissing her, he sucked her boobs while fingering her pussy. I could hear her moaning very clearly, she was begging him to fuck her I and move that cock in her pussy -- he kept delaying it was driving her nuts-finally when she became too loud he shoved his Dick in her shiny wet bushy pussy, and she was telling him not to come soon like last time. Strangely the moment his cock touched her pussy he came. She was so mad and almost started crying and asked him to leave and never come back. He appeared little embarrassed, apologetic and helpless. But she was too mad for him to stay there any more. I ran back to the roof and went to neighbor's house.

I knocked the door my Taya was already long gone. She was not in the best of moods. I asked her what was the matter, she told me that she is not feeling well .and asked to be left alone. Watching her made me realize 2 things one she is in need of some serious fucking and secondly I know something about her that will keep her under my thumb for ever.

She used to bring my morning tea to my room while I am still asleep and nudge me to wake me up and tell me tea is there. I always wanted to keep my self covered with sheet in because i used to have huge erections in the morning, One morning when she came I did not have any sheet on and had my thick 7 inches cock erect and was wearing only unwire. She came as usual and she almost dropped the tea looking at my tool. She controlled her self and left in a hurry. all day long she was almost in trance kept staring at me and sometimes I caught her string at my crotch which was rising as well the moment she was looking. She came in my room again next day was even more out of balance when she not only saw the fully risen cock but it was sliding out of the underwear from the sides. She stood there for a while wanted to make sure I was asleep. She did not nudge me to get up -- just left. I did not get up at my usual time was late on purpose. I asked her why she did not wake me up and now I am late for school. She looked at me and smiled and said "tell em something do you have a girlfriend" - I said no I dont have one at all.

Few days passed there was strange awkwardness. Again one day I saw my taya come back again and there was some argument and she asked him to leave.

There was a wedding in the family everyone left except me and my Mom. She had to stay being for taking care of milking the cattle and I had my exams.

The whole house looked so empty with only two of us left and for the last few days our interaction have been very limited. She fixed dinner and then I told her why dont we go for a movie -- she said she does not feel like leaving and suggested we rent a movie, I got Bobby and we started watching it then there were scenes with swim suites only her face is Turing red and she was looking at me and my cock was up and moving. She said may be we should look for a girl for you sooner than later. What kind of girl you like - I looked in her eyes and said your carbon copy -- both of us were looking into each other's eyes and both of said nothing I got up and went to my room and lay down. My Mom came to my room with glass of milk a little later - She was wearing her usual nightie. My Mom said she is not used sleeping by herself in the other end of the house. I smiled and said well I can fill in for dad if you so desire. Why dont you and left.

I went to her bedroom and she was laying on bed with zero watt bulb on waiting for me to come. I asked her which would she like me sleep on -- she giggled a little well he starts at this end and before the nigh is over he is somewhere farther away from there. I said goodnight to her was about togive her a little kiss on the cheek her face turned faster and I ended up on her lips. OOOOOOOOOOOooh it was electricity of 11000volts I was frozen at her lips she kissed a little but stayed on my lips and went little more and more and more before we knew we were rolling each other;s tongue in our mouths . I have no idea how and when her undie came in hands which I felt was drenched and when did she start plying with my tool. I was allover her body i was kissing up and down evrywhere . we were at it for nearly an hour and now she was using the same language with m e as she was with my taya and only difference was I was too eager to show her the time of her life.

The only thing i told her was that you just act like a whore as long as we are in bed and act like my mom when we off the bed we will do just great- I fucked her like she has never been in her life ,She had two orgasma one after the other and she was amazed at my stamina and was most surpried that i had not come even once - Well I am little different than tay I will come in your ass - she said she knew I was watcing her that day and she also knew showing her my cock while pretending to be asleep was not unknown to her either. I fucked her for three years and during thoe three years i fucked all of her sisters, friends and one of my sisters. All those for next-time if you wanna share similar experience or some unstatifed bebe in midwest usa wrtie to me 


