They'd rested for a couple of hours, Arthur needing no pushing at all to move into Merlin's arms to sleep. He'd obviously learnt already that that was his place.

Eventually though, Merlin decided it was time to put his plans into action. He'd been thinking about this ever since he realised just how sensitive Arthur's nipples were. It was a way of marking him permanently as Merlin's property, while also providing an additional way of breaking his control, of making him mad with want.

"Wake up," he said gently to the man in his arms. "Lie on your back and put your arms above your head." He didn't need the leather cuffs for this, but they'd do a decent job of keeping Arthur still and free his concentration and his magic for getting this right. Besides, the leather looked so good against Arthur's skin, matching his collar.

He leant over and put his mouth over Arthur's far nipple, tonguing and sucking it until it hardened under his attentions. It didn't take long, it was far too sensitive to resist his teasing but Merlin knew it could take much rougher treatment. He whispered a spell, then held the small piece of ice against the hardened nub. Arthur moaned but held still, just about holding on to his control.

"I knew you'd like that, you love it when someone plays with your nipples. You might as well let go, you know you can never resist for long."

Once the ice had melted, Merlin sucked the point back into his mouth and the contrast shattered Arthur so completely he arched his back, trying to push himself even further into the heat on his chilled skin.

Merlin hummed his approval and teased a little with his teeth before releasing the nipple, so he could numb it with another piece of ice.

"There we are, all ready for your treat. Have you been thinking about this as much as I have? About what it'll feel like to have those sensitive nipples of yours being teased all the time?"

He'd seen this done before without magic, but had learnt how much easier it was with the ability to heal the piercing straight away. It was the work of only a few seconds to make the hole and thread the gold ring through it. Then he closed his mouth over the injury, to heal it cleanly and ease away the hurt.

Arthur was breathing deeply when Merlin raised his head, obviously controlling the pain.

"I know, that bit isn't entirely fun. It won't be long, though, before you realise it was worth it."

He didn't tease as long over the second nipple, just numbing and healing it as quickly as possible.

"All done, and you've been so good, I think you deserve a reward."

Arthur had been hard from the teasing, but the actual piercing had caused his erection to flag. Merlin slid down and licked him from root to tip, pleased when he responded immediately, his cock filling.

"That's it," he breathed over the sensitive flesh. "You're going to love this."

While he licked and teased at the head, he moved his hand down between Arthur's legs to play with his balls, and then to press on that spot behind then that always brought such pleasure. Arthur spread his legs wider, silently urging him on and Merlin slicked his fingers with magic and started stroking over his hole.

As he began to slide one finger inside, he took Arthur's cock into his mouth, encouraging him to move upwards into the wet heat and then down onto the long finger penetrating him.

"More," Arthur begged and Merlin was pleased to see nothing but pleasure on his face, none of the shame that had marred it earlier. He was only too happy to give him one and then two more fingers, while Arthur eagerly fucked himself, his eager hole happily swallowing them.

When he was completely surrendered to the pleasure Merlin was demanding from his body, Merlin let go his control and let him come, sucking him until he could give no more.

"Don't crash out on me, we haven't finished yet," Merlin said. He helped Arthur turn over onto his front, knees wide underneath him to push his gorgeous arse in the air, arms stretched out in front of him by the cuffs.

"You didn't think I'd let you get away without giving that greedy hole of yours what it really craves? Fingers are all very well, but what you want most is my hard cock filling you up, isn't it?"

"Please, yes..." Arthur moaned.

He was still so relaxed from his shattering climax that Merlin slid into him with hardly any resistance at all, burying himself balls-deep in the beautiful body. He would have liked to have made it longer, drawn out the pleasure till Arthur was hard again, but even he only had so much control and it had been hard tested by Arthur's delicious response to his games.

It didn't take long at all for him to come, his cock still buried deep in Athur's arse. He collapsed over him, rolling them onto their sides and releasing the locks on the cuffs, so they could lie comfortably together.

"Sleep now, and we can play with these new toys tomorrow."