At first I didn't believe it was her. It had been at least three years since I seen her last. Jasmine. She looked beautiful. She swayed so slowly to the music. Her hips rocking back and forth. Her eyes closed, her pretty lips curved in a slight smile. Mesmerized, all I could do was stand in the middle of the crowded, hot dance floor amongst sweaty bodies and watch her, completely forgetting for the first time that evening that I was the only Asian, hell, non-Black in the club.
Her flawless cocoa skin gleamed with a light sheen of sweat. Her black hair was longer than I remembered, hanging over one bare shoulder. The ends brushed over her left breast. I could see the outline of her nipples through the thin white fabric. I felt my cock harden. Years later, one glance at her could still make me hard as a rock.
I saw the man behind her, squeezing her waist, his face close to her neck. He was whispering something in her ear. I felt the usual stabs of jealousy whenever I saw her with another man. She simply smiled slightly and continued to dance to the slow reggae music. Her hips rotating so slowly. The man screwed his face in what looked like intense pleasure. The flashing red lights made the scene more erotic. Maybe it was just her.
I watched the stranger's hand slowly inch up towards her breast. She pushed his hand away and continued to dance. I wanted to go to her but I couldn't move. As if she felt me watching, she opened her eyes and looked right at me. She stopped dancing. My heart stopped. We must have stood there and stared at each other for a full minute before she twisted away from the man with the vice grip on her waist and walk towards me. The man watched her walk away, looked at me with a little hostility and disappeared into the crowd. She came to me and took my hand, pulled me down (I am 6' 2" and she had to be around 5' 5") and kissed me full on the lips. Shocked, I dimly registered that she tasted of Bailey's and her boyfriend, who wasn't the man she was dancing with, is my friend, wherever he is. Despite that, I tried to kiss her back but she pulled away too quickly.
"Dance with me." she murmured against my cheek. I grabbed her waist and pulled her against me. My cock throbbed against her belly. She felt so good. I ran my hands up her sides and down her back. She let her head fall back, exposing the graceful curve of her neck and a small tattoo of a Japanese symbol to me. I didn't even think about it. My body seemed to be on autopilot. I bent down and gently bit where her neck met her shoulder. I felt her jerk in my arms. I thought she was going to pull away and slap me. Instead she pulled her head up and looked at me. Her eyes gleaming with the affects of the alcohol she obviously been drinking and surprise. She smiled lazily and ran her fingers in my hair.
"You have dreads."
"Do you like them?" I asked, surprised at her reaction.
"I love them." She replied, pulling them gently. I smiled down at her.
"You look great." I said as I pulled her closer. She smiled shyly and looked down.
"You look better, Rocky."
The music changed to a faster tempo and the strobe lights came on. The music change was jarring.
"Lets sit down for a while." She practically yelled.
I nodded my head and she led me to a dark corner of the club. I sat down and she immediately sat in my lap.
"You have to forgive me, Rocky. I seem to have lost my inhibitions three cocktails ago." She said in my ear over the loud music.
I laughed at her wording. 'That's ok. As long as Billy doesn't kill me." I replied, daring to finally ask about the last man I wanted to see that moment. I hadn't seen him in years after moving to Korea for a while. I shifted slightly and stifled a moan as my cock rubbed against her ass.
"Didn't you know we broke up?" she said. I shook my head. Relief and disbelief flooded through me. The girl I have been lusting after ever since I've known her was finally free. It only took eight years of waiting. My chance with her was finally here and literally in my lap. I didn't know what to do or how to do it. I never thought I would have a chance with her. She began nuzzling my neck, her soft lips brushing back and forth. Wow, well that was easy.
"Jasmine, how drunk are you?" I had to ask as her hand drifted down my chest and over my stomach. I've waited eight years for her and of course my only chance with her won't count because she has no idea what she is doing.
"I'm drunk enough to have the nerve to touch you like this, but not drunk enough to know that I've always wanted to touch you like this. I know exactly what I am doing and I know exactly what I want to do later. I want to suck your cock. Can I do that?" she whispered against my ear. She bit it gently sending a shiver though my body and added a raspy "Please."
If there is any man out there who could have turned down that offer from this woman, I would applaud them and then ask "Why?" This beautiful black woman wanted to suck my cock. How often does that happen to anyone, Asian or not?
She began to trace her tongue down the side of my neck. She bit my neck in the same spot I bit hers. I felt my cock twitch against her. She must have felt it too. She leaned back and looked at me expectantly. All I could do was nod my head. I forgot how to speak.
She smiled and got up. "Take me to your car."
I took her hand and quickly led her out the back door to my Audi. Now I was grateful I was forced to park in the back of the lot, a good distance from the club. I unlocked the doors with my remote as we approached the car. She opened the backseat door and slipped in. I followed and closed it behind me. She wasted no time, pulling her skirt up and straddling me, her lips hungry on mine. She grounded her hips against me, so slowly. I pulled down her tube top letting her beautiful breasts bounce free. Her nipples looked like little Hershey's kisses. I took one in my mouth and bit gently. She arched back in my arms and sighed.
I smiled. "You like that?" I whispered against her skin.
"Fuck yes, do it again." She slid her hands in my dreads. I'd been growing them for the past three years. I started growing them after she told me I would look good in them. She was right. I've had to beat girls off with a stick ever since they locked.
I bit her again, harder. She moaned and pulled my hair. "God, you look so sexy. I knew you would look beautiful with dreads." She said as she pulled back from me. I growled my disappointment as I tried to pull her back to me.
"Uh uh." She said as she slid to my side and knelt down. "I came out here to do something."
She began to unbutton my pants, kissing my abdomen as she pulled them down. My heart was pounding in my chest. I have wanted this for so long. I couldn't believe it was actually happening. I felt my cock bounce up as she pulled my boxers down with the pants to my knees. She licked her lips slowly, her tongue ring reflecting a little light, as she gazed at my cock. I felt self -conscious. Asian men are apparently infamous for their small cocks. I hope she didn't think it was too small. She's probably use to 12" cocks. I was pretty sure my 8" was lacking. She licked her lips again and slowly stroked my cock from base to tip. At that point, I didn't care what she thought, as long as she didn't stop touching me.
"Rocky, you have the most beautiful cock I've ever seen. Is everything about you beautiful?" she said as she licked the tip.
"Fuck. Not as beautiful as you." I choked out. I felt the heat of her mouth right before she slowly sucked the head in to the moist cavern. Oh my god. She slid it further in her mouth, then pulled up. Yes. Went back down, taking more, then pulled up. Fuck. Third time she took it all in her mouth, the head hitting the back of her throat, held it, then pulled up. "God, Jasmine. Fuck." I grounded out. She pulled up again and looked up at me through her lashes. She swirled her tongue around the tip then took it all in her mouth, deep throating me again. She was amazing.
She used one hand to stroke the base as she used the other to massage my balls, pulling on them gently all the while sucking, licking, kissing. Up and down up and down. My balls was tightening. I was going to come soon. I didn't want it to come yet. I didn't want this to end. She abruptly sat up, my cock slipping out of her mouth with soft pop.
"Would you like to fuck me?" she said softly. She continued to stroke my cock slowly, her lips glistening with saliva and my juices.
"Ever since I first met you." I answered. Her eyes widened.
'I had no idea." she replied as I pulled her into my lap. My cock brushed her pussy, hot even through her thin underwear.
"I've always been attracted to you. Mmm, you smell so good." I whispered against her neck. Breathing her in. She smelled incredible.
She laughed. "Well, we should catch up on lost time, don't you think?" She murmured. Playing with my hair, rubbing her pussy back and forth over my cock.
"It'll take years to fulfill every fantasy I've had of you in the last eight years, girl." I lifted her up, pulled her panties to the side and positioned my cock at her hole. "But I am willing to try for maybe eight of them in this car."
She smiled and licked her lips leaving her lips soft and moist. As if in a trance I started to lean down to lick them myself. She covered my lips with her fingers. "I'm willing to try anything you want. Now fuck me."
I lowered her down inch by inch onto my cock. She was so tight. So wet. My eyes close and my head fell back. She buried her face in my neck.
"Oh God, Rocky." She moaned. I slowly worked it in. So tight. I've never felt a girl so tight before.
"Damn, Jasmine." I muttered when I finally got it all in. She felt perfect. So perfect. She was breathing harshly against my neck. I lifted my head and stoked her back. "You okay?" She nodded her head and sat up, tears sparkling on her eyelashes. I was immediately alarmed.
"No, no. It doesn't hurt. It never felt so good before. God, you feel so good. Fuck me." She moaned. She began to move up and down. I joined her. Her pussy gripped me like a vice. Truthfully, it never felt so good to me either. I tightened my grip on her waist when she started to rotate her hips like she did in the club with that man. I felt this unfamiliar wave of possessiveness. Not thirty minutes ago I watched her with another man. Another man who probably wanted to do exactly what I was doing with her now. The thought turned me on. I've never had a woman other men wanted. I wanted to hear her say she belonged to me. Even if it was just for tonight, in my car in a parking lot.
I lifted her up by her little waist and held her suspended at the tip of my cock. She looked back at me, her eyes half closed, her full bottom lip caught between her teeth. I fought the urge to slam her down. Push my cock as far into her as I could. I took a small breath for restraint. "Say my name" I whispered. My teeth clenched as my body begin to shake for the need to push into her.
"Hmm..?" she whispered. Her voice dazed.
'Say my name." I repeated. She smiled.
"Make me."
I didn't think. I immediately pulled her down as hard as I could. She cried out.
"Oh, God..."she started before I lifted her up and slammed her down again. She screamed, her pussy contracting around me.
"Say it." I whispered in her ear. I heard her mumble something against my neck. I lifted her up swiftly.
'Rocky!" she screamed. "Rocky." I smiled and kept her suspended in the air. The tip of my cock barely inside her. I felt her try to push down. "Rocky, please." She moaned.
"Please what?" I liked making her submissive. This was a new area I've never explored. Jasmine was awakening in me urges I've never experienced before. I wanted to learn more about myself through her.
"Please fuck me, Rocky. Please do it again."
I slammed her down and kept doing it. Beating into her. Losing myself in her. The sound of skin slamming into skin loud and harsh in the small enclosed space. Her moaning changed to a low guttural sound. I swear it was the sexiest sound I ever heard. I felt my balls tightening again. "I'm about to come. Fuck." I managed to get out.
"Yes, come. Come with me, Rock..." she whispered before she arched back. Her pussy tightened almost to the point of pain. It felt like my cock exploded inside her. The intensity of it making push deeper into her. I felt her slump in my arms, her head heavy on my shoulder as my body jerked against her. It felt like it lasted for hours. When I came to she was still limp in my arms and I lost feeling in my legs. I lifted her off me and sat her next to me the best I could. I studied her face in the dim lighting from a distant streetlight. She was beautiful. I felt a stab of sadness because I knew this was only tonight. I'll probably never see again. Never get to touch her again. I kissed her lips, her neck, the tips of her breasts. I heard her sigh and felt her fingers in my hair.
"Mmm, I can't move." She mumbled. I looked up at her and smiled.
"Me either."
I didn't want to let her go. Not yet. Not taking my eyes off hers, I slowly pushed her skirt up. "You do remember I said I wanted to try for eight. We only got through four."
"Mmm, four, huh?" She murmured. She pulled my hair gently. I loved the way her hands felt in my locks.
Just one more hour with her and I'll let her go.
"Yes, four. Why don't you sit back and relax while I work on number five." I said. I lowered my head towards her pussy. The sweet smell of her and me together made my stomach clench. I licked her slowly and felt her arch up as she groaned softly. She tasted so good. My stomach clenched again, tighter.
Maybe two more hours.