Little Bitch
by Pixiehoff 

Little Bitch 1

If I was not squatting you'd see that my arse is red and sore, but as I am her little bitch and squatting on my haunches, at least you can't see that.

I had been told what not to do. It may only have been a moment's want of concentration, but that was enough to incur her wrath. No orgasms for two days, and then I had to meet her when she came home as she ordered. The text said: "collared, leashed, nude." The pig-tails were my own idea, but I needed to please her.

I stripped. Nude I was conscious of my physique. I had no tits to speak of, so it was hardly odd that so many references were made to my being a founder member of the "itty bitty titty club." She knew what made me moist. I met her as instructed.

"Good girl." She smiled.

"You have been a bad little bitch. Kneel up and please me."

As I knelt up, she took her top off. She was not wearing a bra.

"I go quite a few looks on the Tube. I took my bra off at the hospital, which meant that my pokies were showing. There was one man couldn't take his eyes off my tits. What would you say if he was outside now?"

I shivered. I was a lesbian, not bi like her, and the slut she liked fucking whenever she tired of just me. But I knew the right answer:

"I would do as you told me Mistress."

"Slut! You mean you'd let a man fuck you, stick his leaking cock up your virgin cunt and let him impregnate you?"

I nodded, blushing. I'd hate it. I would not want to do it. I was hoping she was just teasing me, but you could never tell with Annie.

"Lick your fingers and play with my nipples."

I sucked  my index fingers and then rubbed her stiff nipples. They were already red and swollen, and as I pressed and circled, she gave off little moans of pleasure. That unmistakable smell made its presence known.

She bent forward and told me to lick slowly and gently.

I did. I would, as she knew, do anything she told me, that was why I was scared about the idea of the man.

Tall, blonde and gorgeous as she was, sexy as she was, her breasts were particularly magnificent. The contrast with my titlets was obvious. I loved hers. I licked carefully, my tongue circling her stiff nipples, before slowly, and carefully, taking each of them into my lips, one by one. I loved sucking them, elongating them, before pushing them back into her breasts and sucking them out again. I took my time. She moaned more loudly.

She then sat against the table and raised her skirt. I looked at her cunt. She had no kickers on.

"Yes, I took those off too. I do hope no one saw me. Maybe that man did, as I rose from my seat. This skirt is quite short. One of these days I shall have a quickie down a back alley and make you lick me out, you gay cunt!"

She pointed to her cunt and ordered:

"Lick."

I sniffed her cunt. She had been wet for some time, as her juices were gooey and sticky. The tip of my tongue lapped her clit, which was swollen and must have ached. I knew mine did, but I knew it was not going to get what it needed.

I loved the taste of her cunt. My broad tongue lapped up the length of her slit before pressing her clit upwards. I looked up at her, lovingly, and loved the way she looked back down at me, smiling, eyes, glazing. Gripping my hair, she gyrated her hips, pressing her wetness into my face.

The more aroused she became, the tighter the grip on my hair. Then, suddenly, she gripped the back of my head and pushed my face deep into her steaming wetness. My nose rubbed her clit and my tongue, tube-like, slid into her. She ground her cunt into my face and came. Her tangy wetness spread across my face, dripping onto my chin. She moaned loudly as she came, pressing me in.

It was deeply satisfying to be pressed between her thighs as she orgasmed. It was what I loved the most. As she sprayed my face, I felt as though I was getting my reward. So, as she patted my head and said:

"Good girl," I felt content.

She turned me over her knees and spanked me until my arse was red and aching.

"Kneel there, I have more ideas for using you, little one."


Little Bitch 2 - in which a game goes wrong

It had seemed like a fun idea at the time - an extension of our games.

"You make such an adorable schoolgirl Pixie." Her smile pleased me. I liked her to be happy, and after yet another bumpy ride thanks to my idiocy, I wanted more than anything else for her to have some fun. So when she had suggested that I put my school uniform on, I'd happily complied.

There was something about stripping out of my adult clothes that also involved stripping away my adult identity which made me almost gasp with arousal. It was, of course, easy for me. At four foot eight and with no boobs or curves, the only problem with the school uniform was that I had to go for the young secondary school size; looking as though I was sixteen was always a challenge. The idea that I was a thirty-one-year-old professor at the local university would have been greeted with laughter, I thought, as I looked at myself in the mirror. My blonde hair in pigtails, no make-up, a modest blouse, and short blue skirt with white edging; I had to agree with Annie, I looked at least cute.

Annie drove me into town, carefully stroking my leg whenever the car stopped at the lights. That made me damp. The "game" involved her dropping me off in town and me getting back on the bus during the school rush hour when I would look like just another schoolgirl. But today she took me further than usual.

"Isn't this a bit close ..." I began.

"Part of the fun Pixie, see you soon darling!"

I watched the car drive off and suddenly felt very vulnerable. I had a little kitty purse in pink, my school satchel and blazer, but no ID and no cards. Annie was a purist. If I was going to play a schoolgirl, I would be like one. The only exception, thank goodness was my mobile - and then it hit me - I didn't have it. Fuck I thought, I'd left it on the bed while I was looking at myself in the mirror.

I walked across the park to the bus stop which was occupied by a crowd of girls from the neighbouring school. I stood there feeling suddenly very insignificant. Being small I managed to get onto the bus, but was crowded in by girls on all sides of me. The smell of teenage girls was overwhelming, a mix of cheap perfume, not so clean knickers and sweat. I found myself standing, with girls crowded round me. I was sandwiched between two sears. I couldn't turn, and at my size, I could not see ahead either. I felt claustrophobic.

Was it, I wondered? It was. There was a hand going under my skirt, it was fondling my arse, squeezing it, before the fingers pressed against my arse-crack. I tried to move, but couldn't, tried to turn around, and couldn't.

Oh God! The fingers were reaching down to the gusset of my knickers, pulling it aside to touch my cunt. I felt breathe on my neck, then heard a girl's voice:

"Slutty little girl, just stand there, I can tell by your goo that you like it."

She now had her finger pressed between my lips and pressing upwards. I was being fingered in public. Then it got worse. I felt her fingers on the waistband of my school knickers, and then the cool air hitting my bare bum as they were yanked down. I had two choices: stand there with them round my socks, or lift my feet and let her have my knickers, leaving me bare. I lifted my feet and let her have them.

"Now, slut, you will get off at the next bus stop with us. Do not turn round, do not scream - and do suck your cunt juice off my finger."

I did, as she put it under my nose. I tasted tangy.

The doors opened, I pushed my way out, and was followed; the fresh air on my bare bum and pussy felt strange. I was naked under my skirt. I wanted to look round but dared not do so.

"Keep walking just in front of us, what are you called?"

"Pixie," I said, hesitantly.

"And how old are you, Pixie, I hope you are older than you look?"

"Yes, Miss," I replied.

“Turn right here and stop at the third door."

I did.

“Close your eyes.”

I did. I heard her open the door, and two sets of footsteps. I felt myself pulled into the house.

As I stood there, I felt one of them behind me, and to my horror I smelt myself as she pushed my school knickers over my head as a blindfold. I could not see properly, but I could smell myself.

What I could see were two girls from the local state school. Annie had dressed me in the uniform of the local public school.

“What’s a posh bitch like you doing on our bus, Pixie?”

I needed to be out of there, but they were both bigger than me, and anyway, I didn’t have my phone. I was stuck. I guessed that my best bet was to comply with what they wanted and just get through it.

“My Mum couldn’t pick me up, so I thought I’d get the bus.”

“Aww, poor little rich girl, slumming it with chavs like us. What do you think Kylie? How old is she really?”

A shiver passed through me. Thank goodness they were not the sort of girls who even knew what a university was, and they clearly had no idea that I was almost thirty.

“Maybe year eleven, but she don’t look fifteen really. Shall we ‘ave a look at the goods? What time’s yer Mum back Pix?”

“I am year twelve,” I insisted, which put me at sixteen, “and Mum will be back in about an hour and will be looking for me.”

“Tell ya what, little one, you be a good girl for us, and we’ll call you a taxi, what you say?”

There could only be one answer, and I gave it.”

“Yes.”

“Yes what? What d’ya call a superior?”

“Yes, Miss,” I said, blushing at calling this slutty chav “Miss.”


"Strip!"

I did as she said.

"No bra, but then you have no need with titlets that small," the bigger of the girls said as she giggled.

“You’re right Lara, the little one has no tits at all. You sure you’re sixteen? Get that skirt off, let’s see.”

I unzipped my skirt, which fell to my ankles.

I felt myself blush.

Annie had insisted that as my growth there was pretty sparse, I should be lasered, telling me it was no bloody use having to shave me twice a year. Of course, the result, along with my 26aaa titlets was that I looked younger than sixteen. To my mortification the two chavs giggles.

“Fuckin’ hell Lara, not a bit of hair, not like you, you’re a fuckin’ bush monster.”

Lara laughed and stood, towering above me.

I’d put her at about five foot six, which made her considerably taller, but it was her big tits and chunky hips which made her seem so intimidating. I let her touch me down there.

“Hey little one, sweet little cunt here, open those legs, be a good girl for me.”

Hoping to please her, I said:

“Yes, Miss Lara,” and opened them.

I felt her fat fingers grope me there.

“Fuck me, Kylie, come and feel this one!”

Kylie, who was a little shorter, but thinner, and whose bottle-blonde hair was pulled back in a ponytail, stepped forward and put her fingers to my wetness.

“You horny little cunt, you like this, don’t you?”

Damn, damn, I thought. I did and I didn’t. The idea of being fingered by these chav girls was so humiliating, but as Annie knew, humiliation turned me on. It was pretty pointless denying the evidence of my pussy.

“Yes, Miss Kylie, yes Miss Lara.”

I saw them smile at each other.

“You public school girls are supposed to be great cunt munchers, you going to show us, Pixie? Beg to lick our cunts.”

Knowing there was no choice, I did so.

“Please Miss Kylie, please Miss Lara, may I lick your cunts please.”

“On yer knees and beg.”

Blushing furiously, I did as they told me.

Lara looked down at me.

“Open yer gob!”

I opened my mouth.

To my horror, she spat in there, as did Kylie.

“Swallow.”

I gulped.

“Good girl. Now, pull my knickers down.”

I lifted Kylie’s school skirt, exposing her definitely not regulation knickers. I pulled them down, revealing a very hairy bush. I don’t know when she washed last, but I could smell the mix of stale pee and cunt cream.

She sat on the sofa and beckoned me to her.

Tentatively I pushed my face in, only to have her grab me and mash my face into her hairy snatch. As she pressed against my face, her pubes scratched me, and my face was suddenly soaked. Choking, I applied myself to my job. She wanted me to eat her out, well, as Annie could have told her, that was something I could do.

With the tip of my tongue I flicked her clit, but that was not enough for her, she did not want finesse, she wanted finishing, so, letting my nose graze her clit, I tuck my tongue into her cunt and fucked her as she grabbed my pigtails and pressed me in.

As Kylie did that, I could feel something on my arse, a sudden sting. That bitch Lara was spanking me like I was some schoolkid. That forced me into Kylie’s cunt, and after what seemed no time at all, I felt her whole body spasm; her thighs gripped my head; her pussy clenched around my fingers. I felt enveloped, soaked, and used.

“Me now, cunt!”

Lara stopped spanking me and took Kylie’s place.


I slowly moved my tongue along her pink wetness until I reached the v at the apex of her vulva. As I licked her clit, I felt her hands on my head, pushing me in. Her aroma was pungent; she was so wet. The combination of the smell and the taste of her pussy, tangy and tart, made me want to devour her. My tongue pushed back and forth, slipping into her sopping wetness. I started to kiss her harder, slightly pushing her clit with my nose. She pressed me in, grinding herself against my mouth, and slipping my hands under her fleshy bum, I pulled her closer. My tongue was like a tube inside her, my nose digging into her; she was wiping her pussy on my face.

"I am going to fucking cum all over your slutty face, yes, yes, yes!"

She had already been aroused by watching me with Lara, so it did not take her long to orgasm. As she stiffened, my face was suddenly covered with her cream.

"Yes, yes, oh you good girl!"

I could feel my own pussy was wet, and wanted to touch myself, but dared not.
She patted my head.

“You are a good cunt muncher, Pix. Shall we call her that cab, Lara.”

“Yeah,” Lara said, “her mum can pay.”

I knelt there, my face rubbed red by their pubes, coated with their cunt cream. Kylie grabbed my pigtails, forcing me to rise.

“Get yer uniform on cunt. We’re keeping yer knickers.”

They kept their word, but explaining to Annie why my face was red and smelt of cunt, and why I had no knickers on, was another matter – and the cause of yet another spanking.


Little Bitch 3

Oh my goodness, I thought, as a shiver ran through me.

"Yes Miss Annie," I said, my head low, looking at my feet.

"You know what you need to do Pixie, so do it!"

I looked up at her. She was right, of course. I walked to where she was sitting, still in her nurse's uniform, which somehow added to the tension. I had to admit that a thrill ran through met as I walked to her. I could feel my wet knickers rubbing against my lips.

I stood next to her. I was about the same height as she was sitting down. I bent across her lap - her short dress had risen up, and her legs were bare.

Unceremoniously, she hiked my skirt up. I could feel the cool air on my arse, my yellow knickers visible; could see the wet patch? Did it matter? She could surely smell me. Why did porn stories never mention the smell of your cunt when aroused?

"Owww!" I squealed as the first smack came down on my knickers. I squealed louder as the second one hit the flesh between my knickers and my arse. Four more came down, making my arse burn.

"Now little one, shall we see?"

Annie pulled my knickers down slowly.

"You are such a slut Pixie that your knickers are sticking to that gooey cunt. Are you a slut Pixie?"

I knew what the answer was. My cunt gave the game away, and I blushed as I admitted I was a slut, HER slut. She rained down more smacks on my defenceless arse.

"Nice red arse, slut!"

I felt a finger slide between my lips.

"Wet slut Pixie, gets aroused by being spanked like a nighty little girl. You ARE mine Pixie. Understand?"

"Yes Miss Annie."

I did, I really did.

Six more swift spanks had my little legs kicking.

"Up!"

I stood, my skirt still up; knickerless Pixie.

"You may."

I rubbed my sore arse.

"Now, slut, corner!"

I walked to the corner, pressing my nose against the wall. My red arse was on show. I spread my legs to keep my knickers at half mast.

"Pixie, I love you. But you will be good, won't you? You need discipline."

"Yes Miss Annie."

And I knew that by being good, I'd get the spanking I'd be denied if I was bad. Just shows where mad passionate intense love leads you.
