Hi guys! I am Raju, i am 24years male and i have a nasty
story to share with you. I was 16 at that time when i knew a little
about
the practical sex.
I was used to listen a lot about the sex from my freinds and was
keen to
know more about it.I started reading x-rated material and also watch
blue
films at my freind's place. My board exams were also very close and
i had
to study till late nights. My aunt's daughter , Puja was also
preparing
for her board exams as we were in same standard but in different
schools.She was my first cousin and we were very frank with each
other .
She was 18 at that time and her body was pretty admirable as her
breast
was not less than any women at 23 and her ass was in a very good
shape
that can make anyone horny .I was very fond of her as she was very
cute to
look at and was of a very mischievious nature .One day when she came
to my
place to discuss with me some of the chapters , it took lot of time
as it
was 9.30 at night and my mother told her to stay back with us and go
back
home the next morning .
She agreed and we had our dinner and everyone in house prepared to
goto
sleep . Mom arranged the room next to my room for her to sleep . She
went
to her room and I planned to study for the next another hour . I
always
used to keep those x-rated magazines in my room for reading when I
got
bored or tired of my studies .
I studied for my exams for another hour and after that i picked one
of
those magazines and start reading it , there was a cool and very
erotic
story of two strangers who just met at a railway journey and endedat
having sex with each other . The story was so erotic that i started
imagining myself to be having sex . My one hand went on my 6" penis
and i
started msturbating ,soon my door got opened and my cousin stepped
into my
room .She actually came to ask me some problem she was facing ,as
she was
also studying in her room.I was in a great shock and didnt knew what
to
say .I was naked from bottom and my hand was on my penis who was in
its
full swing . As soon as she realised what actually was going on she
ran
back into her room smiling .I was really embarassed at that
moment .I
didnt knew what to do.After 10 minutes i got up and i went to her
room
,she was still studying and started smiling when she saw me there .
I
asked her why she was smiling at me , and she said she never thought
of me
to be so horny .She said she thought i am a very innocent guy .
She hold my hand and pulled me to sit near her . i was still
embarassed to
say something . she asked me did i ever had sex with a girl .I was
amazed
with her question and said "no never". She was wearing cotton shorts
and
sleeveless black t-shirt which was looking very attractive on her.
She
holded my hand and kissed on it and asked me to take off my shirt.i
obeyed
her because i was getting what i was dying for days . she started
kissing
my body and reached my face and started kissing and licking all over
my
face. my penis was getting harder and harder .my one hand was on my
penis
as i couldn't control it any more.she asked me to take off my pants
and i
didnt took a single minute to do so.now i was fully naked then she
asked
me to take off her t-shirt also i was very exited about that as i
never
saw a naked woman in front of me in my whole life . i took off her t-
shirt
and now she was in her bra and i swear she was looking damn hot in
that .
she took off her bra herself and man' her boobs were now in front of
my
eyes they were round and looking hard and firm .her pink nipples
were
shining like two small marbles she asked me to suck her nipples , i
never
did that before so i started sucking them hard and biting on her
tits ,she
was moaning loudly and murmuring "hard Raju hard ,more harder ". it
was
the great moment of my life ,i was sucking her tits and trying to
chew her
boobs in my mouth .
she was moaning 'mmmmmmaaaahhhhh' 'aaaahhhhh' i was going on sucking
her
nipples . she took my penis in her hand and started playing with
it . now
i didnt control myself i wildly grabbed her shorts with great force
and
took it off . she was wearing no panties underneath and her pussy
was
looking like a tight pair of lips with no hairs around , looking as
she
was regular with her hairs. she still wants me in her mouth and i
was also
dying to eat her up. we got in 69 position and i started kissing her
pussy
and my tounge was doing in-out in her pussy , she was really
enjoying it
and saying in between "fuck me with your tongue harder bastard" .she
was
also giving me the blowjob of my life .
she was having my full length in her mouth and i giving her mouth
fuck
with my motions .now i was coming up . it was my first time with a
girl so
i wanted not to waste it ,i came up with a great force and release
my cum
in her mouth , she took it all in and licked it all from my penis. i
was
still getting pleasure by kissing and licking her pussy with my
tongue. my
tongue was also getting taste of her juices and man' it really
tasted
great. then she asked me to lay down on my back and i laid down
there
.then she climbed on me and sat on my stomach . my penis again got
erected
and wanted to go in her. then she took a position and placed her
pussy on
my penis who was in exact 90 degrees . then she asked me not to
shout if
it pains , it was irrelevant to me as i was ready to take any pain
for it.
then she pushed herself down on my penis and forced it in with a
jerk , it
was fully in her , it was unimaginable to have such kind of
pleasure , it
was too painful but the pleasure was more than the pain .
she was giving me the great fuck of my life, she fucked me till
another 20
minutes and then i came up with another round of cream in her pussy
with a
force , she was also over till then and got up from my penis and
bent
again to take my organ in her mouth , she licked my penis and tasted
the
juice of my penis .then she came closer to me , i took her in my
arms and
laid with her for another hour.then i started winding up with my
clothes
and she also worn her clothes and the last round of smooching and
kissing
went for another 15 minutes.i left her in her room and came back to
my
room .it was 4.30 in the morning ,i knew no one in the house came to
know
about that because every one was used to sleep downstairs and my
room was
at the first floor and the noise would not have easily reached
there.After
that i was imagining in my room and was not able to accept that what
all
happened was a real thing and not a dream . After that day i and my
cousin
often get some hours for playing this nasty game with each other .
Now Puja is married to a businessman and she have a two year old kid
and
is living happily.But whenever she come to our place we just look at
each
other and remember our days of fun which can never return back
again.mail me rajurai2005@...

end