Stripped in the jeep 
This happen a couple weeks ago. My friends and I went out for a ride in Suzi's new jeep. there was 4 of us, Suzi, Michelle, Deb and me, Karen. It was a beautiful day so we helped her put the top down and take the doors off. The jeep was wide open. I was riding in the back with deb, Michelle in front It was sunny and hot but we weren't going swimming so we were all dressed in shorts and shirts, that is except me. I love to wear tube tops. I have 36C boobs and the tube tops are just right for showing them off. The ride was going good just riding up and down the bullivard checking out the guys. Debby and I were taking turns standing up in the back holding on to the roll bar when Michelle pointed to the burger joint coming up. She said she was hungry. Suzi said she'd have to turn around to get a parking spot, which meant another ride up the beach. That was ok with me I was standing up in the back, wind blowing my short dark hair back, it felt so good I didnt notice deb moving behind me.I was checking out this group of guys when suddenly I felt a tug on my shorts.Next thing I know I'n standing there in my panties and tube top, my shorts around my ankles. Suzi was driving too fast for me to let go of the roll bar, I was afraid of falling over or even out of the jeep. Next thing I know all the guys are laffing and pointing. Michelle turns around in the seat and starts laffing at me saying way to go Deb and they high fived. In the mean time I'm turning beet red so I finally chance it and let myself fall back into the seat to retrieve my shorts. The girls finally stopped laffing and suzi turned the jeep around. Now Deb decided to stand up for the ride back. I was thinking about getting my revenge. Looking at deb standing there, her ass practicly in my face. She has these long legs, Shes tall, athletic and blonde. I knew I had to try. As Deb stood there I reached up and grabbed hold of her shorts but they were tied too tight and wouldn't budge. She turned and slapped my hand away laffing saying haha you can't get me. 

We parked and went in for the food. We found a table out on the front patio to eat where we could see every one walking by. The girls were all teasing me about getting pantsed by Deb and how funny I looked standing there in my flowered panties and tube top. I guess at the time it was embarrasing, but now i could see the humor in it, lets face it , it was a good joke and hey she got me right. So next thing we know a group of guys come walking by. Wouldn't you know it, it was the same group of guys we were riding by when Deb pantsed me. Hey look there's that girl that was flashing in the jeep. Hey nice ass there flasher!! one of the guys shouted. I turned about 6 shades of red. Of all the luck. Suzi,Michele and Deb burst out laffing, Guess you have a fan club Karen!!!! Michelle reached over and tugged at my shorts but I was sitting down so she couldn't get then. Dont want to disappoint your fans now do you she asked laffing. I guess part of me actually wanted her to pull them down again. I don't know why. I guess I just liked the feeling of everyone looking at me. Them seeing my panties like that when they're not supposed to. 

We got back in the car and started back down the beach torwards the highway. Deb stood up letting the wind blow her long blonde hair. I tryed again, moving behind deb but michelle was watching and warned deb about what I was going to do.Deb dropped back into the seat and said I dont think so. a few minutes went by and i started getting that feeling again, that I wanted to be exposed again. I wondered to myself if Deb would try again if i stood. Now I really wanted it to happen. I stood and held on tight to the roll bar leaning forward so I couldnt see deb if I wanted to. Sure enough I felt deb grab hold of my shorts. I pretended to not notice. Then it happen, my shorts were around my ankles. I was standing there again in just my tube top and little flowered panties. Deb was laughing hystericly. Suzi looked into her mirror and saw me and burst out laughing too. Michelle turned around and just smiled, it was an evil smile. She was already turned around in her seat up in the front of the jeep. Because I was half bent over the roll bar already she just reached up and grabbed the back of my tube top. I could feel it slowly sliding up my back. At the same time Deb was trying to work my shorts over my feet and off. 

The next sound we heard over all the laughter was a horn blowing and some guys cheering. I couldn't believe it, 2 guys in a convertible were riding next to us watching the whole thing. I felt 2 things happen at once. The first was my shorts being pulled off and deb holding them up blowing in the wind, the next thing was a damp spot forming in my panties. How could I be enjoying this? I looked over to see the guys cheering and laughing. The passenger, This cute guy about 21, my age with short blonde hair had stood up in the car to get a better look. I was laughing too, how could I not. Michelle took this as her cue to keep going and it wasn't long before she had my tube top over my head and pulling it down my arms. Now the only thing keeping Michelle from taking my tube top completely off was me holding onto the roll bar. My boobs were swaying side to side as we drove. My nipples were hard as rocks and I dont think it was because of the wind hitting them. I just kept laughing, I couldn't believe it, I was being stripped in the back of suzi's jeep like this and I was enjoying it. My panties were wet now. I finally made a decission and once again let go of the roll bar and dropped into the back seat. By letting go of the roll bar this allowed Michelle to pull my tube top completely off. now here I was sitting in the back seat in nothing but my flowered bikini panties trying to cover my boobs.I thought suzi was going to crash the way she was driving and laughing so hard. And the guys next to us had moved closer trying to get a better look. Deb was waving my shorts around above her head and it looked like they were going to blow away if she wasnt careful. This just made me hotter the thought of being stranded with no shorts.
Tuesday, August 7th 2007 - 06:47:16 PM





