I was only 16 at the time, well 16 and-a-bit that is, and my whole being was completely bombarded by dirty thoughts that kept me busy regularly pumping my cock, at least once a day and on some days when my imagination ran wild and I felt very hot, twice and even three times. Older women were a fetish - by older I don't mean in their 50s and 60s because in those days I classed a person of 33 or 35 years as being "old".

My fantasies roamed wide, conceiving all kinds of totally improbable and largely impossible situations which saw me being seduced by older women. The fantasies may have ranged wide but they didn't roam for long because in those days a few tugs on my hot and swollen prick would send a volcanic surge of spunk shooting everywhere.

This is all going back a bit of course, a good 40 years, an era where the privileges of today were non-existent. There was no internet from which to download porn videos nor were there sexy films at the cinema or on television. Occasionally some porn magazine would be available - material which had passed through so many hands it was invariably well-thumbed, crumpled and full of dried spunk stains.

Infrequently, there were stories that did the rounds which may have perhaps been true but which could also have been figments of fertile imagination, stories concerning such-and-such a girl having been taken behind the bicycle shed and touched up, or made to jerk some guy off.

At other times a class-mate (mixed schools were then still a novelty; boys were with boys and girls' schools were separate and for girls only!) would relate a murky story about having gone out with a girl and what they had done together, but as I said and in retrospect, it would have been difficult to separate the truth from the fantastic.

It may have been the swinging 60s for our parents, but for us kids and teenagers the freedom of liberal sex was still unknown, even though most of us teenage guys carried a condom around in our shirt pocket, just for bravado!

Mine was an ordinary family, living in an ordinary street. We were friendly with some of our neighbours, but not all of them. The fable of the "girl next door" did not apply in my case. Our immediate neighbours on the right were a family with two young boys and the neighbours on the left were two pensioners. Further down the road there were one or two families with kids that were either too old or too young.

On the corner lived a couple, in their early 30s with no children. 

Thinking back, I guess the wife was on the dumpy side and just faintly attractive but she was sexy and provocative, shamelessly wearing short mini-skirts that revealed a great amount of flesh, and low-cut tops that pumped up her already generous bosom. She was what we then called a "peroxide blonde", a brunette who had turned herself into a blonde by using lashings of cosmetic bleach.

I figured out - rightly or wrongly - that dressing the way she did, she was a slut and my jerk offs began to take a familiar pattern of fantasising about her being naked and about me feeling her up.

Her husband was never much around. He was a navy man and often away for many weeks on end. She had plenty of time on her hands and although there was no evidence of troops of men going in and out of her house, there were suspicions amongst the neighbours, mostly due to the fact she loved to hang around her front garden in her skimpy clothing, endlessly smoking cigarettes and making eyes at all the men chancing to walk by.

My mother dismissed her as "that woman" and would pinch up her nostrils in disdain when "that woman" was mentioned.

Well, one day I finished off early from school because the history teacher had taken a turn and felt sick and gone home. We were allowed to leave early. It was a hot and sunny afternoon and I was ambling lazily back home. She had seen my coming towards her from a distance and as I approached her front gate I saw that she was somewhat agitated. 

"I say" she said, "are you afraid of frogs?"

"What?" My face turned a crimson red in the knowledge that the model of so many jerk-fantasies had actually spoken to me.

"Are you afraid of frogs?" she asked again, anxiously.

I shook my head in the negative and her expression turned into one of relief.

"Good. I need your help. I'm dead scared of frogs - they make me cringe". She shivered frantically and made her tits wobble so they seemed to pop out of her top. She pointed indoors.

"We have a small pond in our back garden and a frog has found its way in there and won't leave. Will you please catch it for me because it's going to drive me crazy"?

My redness had somewhat subsided as any romantic fantasies rapidly faded away. All she wanted was for me to catch her damned frog!

I followed her through her house and into the back garden and sure enough, in their little pond, a small green frog was sitting, soaking up the sun, occasionally croaking and taking swipes at passing insects. It was child's play. The pond was shallow, just ankle deep and all I had to do was wade in and catch the silly thing.

I moved towards the pond, but she stopped me.

"Hang on you can't go in there like that. You're going to get your shoes and socks soaked as well as your trouser bottoms. You'd better take them off and then I'll get you a towel to dry yourself. And - by the way - I've got this small bucket. Pop it in there and then take it away and throw it in a field somewhere. I don't want to kill it poor thing. I'm just dead scared of it".

My face turned crimson again, but I did as she bid and clumsily slipped off my socks, shoes and trousers and stood there awkwardly looking at the frog, and then at her. Quite honestly, I don't know what came over me just then, but the sight of her ample thighs and calves and her heaving tits sent spasms of heat rocking through my body.

My cock responded instantly and pressed stiffly against my underpants. What a time to get an erection! I was acute with embarrassment and there was no hope of hiding away my stiff cock from her gaze.

I waded crazily into the pond, grabbed the unsuspecting frog and popped it in the bucket where it hopped around furiously.

She was ecstatic, clapping her hands in thankful effusion.

"Well done. Sit down and I'll get a towel". 

In an instant she was back with a small hand towel. She went down on her knees and wrapped the towel around my feet and began to gently rub them, gradually squeezing my toes. My cock went crazy. My casual erection became a full-blown one, popping forcefully against my pants, in line with her face.

"Oh my" she said, her laughter tinkling. "What have we got there? How old are you?"

"Sixteen", I said lamely, "well almost 17" so as to give myself a bit of seniority.

"I'd better do something about this. You've got so much stiffness there it's going to hurt you. Get yourself inside". My face turned purple.

Her tone had changed from mirthful into one of matronly authority. The look in her eyes had changed from amusement into one of serious focus. Her hands gently rubbed up and down her thighs.

"Take those underpants off".

I flinched awkwardly.

"Take your pants off. Do as I say".

With fumbling fingers I rolled them down to my ankles. My prick sprang out, sprightly and alert and she was right. It was so stiff, it hurt.

"Take them right off and give them to me". I did as bid and handed her my underpants. She rolled them up and threw them aside. In the meanwhile, her eyes were devouring my stiffened cock.

"You've got a large cock for a young lad. Do you play with it at all?"

I nodded vehemently.

"Yes, all the time".

"You like jerking off your meat. Ever had anybody do it for you? Be honest now and don't lie".

In fact I was going to lie and say my girlfriend (I didn't have one), but her tone was so commanding I had to tell the truth. I shook my head and felt ashamed.

"I'll have to put that right with a hand of experience". She smirked at her own joke.

"The problem is that if I touch you up now you'll probably cum straight away and it'll be over in seconds and you won't get the real experience. Take the rest of your clothes off".

I slipped off my shirt and stood naked in front of her. I was a tall boy for my age, sturdy and well built with quite a few tufts of hair sprouting on my chest, a generous curly bush and extremely hairy legs.

"You've got a good piece of meat there" she said admiringly, "for somebody your age".

Her hands were now pressing more firmly on her thighs and I could see her tits heaving quite excitedly 

She was standing close to me and was just slightly taller than I so that I could feel her hot breath on my face. Her index finger circled my belly button and gently poked its way into my curly pubic hairs - all this accompanied by her little sighs and smirks of satisfaction.

My cock was as upright as a steel bolt as hot sensations surged through my body. Carefully she avoided touching my cock at all as the least contact would have released the spurt of hot cum that was building in my balls, ready to be released.

She clasped her arms around my ass and pulled me gently towards her, gradually caressing my cock against her belly. Then she went down on her knees and I could feel her heaving breath on my cock. The pain of wanting cum release was simply excruciating. Her hot fingers worked themselves up and down my legs, stroking my hairs and gradually going upwards to give little pinches and squeezes on my ass cheeks.

I began to groan.

"Patience is a virtue", she said softly. "The longer you wait, the better the satisfaction. That's your first sex lesson. I'm going to make you wait until you're ready to burst". 

Then she made me lie down on my back, standing over me with her legs wide open so that I could voyeur-view her plump white thighs and her skimpy panties wedged tightly between her legs. Gradually she descended so that her thighs came nearer and nearer to my face. Her pussy lips widened and widened and her pink panties wedged in even further so that her fleshy pussy lips became distended and swollen and pushed outwards like strips of fleshy pink meat.

My hand automatically went to grasp my aching prick as I raised my head. My tongue attempted to lick the fleshy, pink strips but she slightly raised her frame and kept herself outside licking distance. With a deft flick of her wrist she stopped my hand reaching my own meat.

"No, you're not permitted to make any physical contact yet. You have to wait and you have to suffer waiting. If you try to touch your cock again I will have to tie you up."

Her pan voice was toneless and hard.

"Now, behave yourself and do as I say".

She slipped off her skirt and panties exposing her generous thighs and fleshy pink pussy that seemed to pulsate with the gyrations of her thick hips. Her chunky fingers gently caressed her labia lips, gradually opening up her pussy so that I could see the wet and slobbery pinkness of her pussy walls. In the silence occasionally broken by her sighs and my groans, the sounds of her squelching liquidness could be distinctly heard.

This was actually the first time that I had seen a real, live-flesh cunt. I lay prostrate and fascinated, totally dominated by this slut-siren, hypnotised by the quivering pink flesh, the liquid mess and the squelching machinations.

My hazy eyes focussed on her stiff clit which, compared to pictures I had seen, seemed generous and thick. Her wet finger tips circled this fleshy projection and began to caress and squeeze it as her hip gyrations increased and her thighs turned to groans and gasping breaths.

"Do you like my clit?" she whispered. Her three fingers came together and began to caress her clit steadily in an up and down motion. "It's so hot and wet. That's why I need relief."

She lowered herself over my face, her distended labia almost brushing my lips.

"I'm going to let you smell it and taste it. This is your introduction to a woman's hot meat. You jerk yourself off often you said, so from now on when you jerk you can fantasise over my smell and my taste. Young boys think that only guys jerk off - well so do women. I jerk off two or three times a day so I can deal with my heat because my hubby is away most of the time...." 

My cock was so stiff it hurt. This was my first lesson in cum denial and it was painful. I yearned for relief that would send my cum exploding in a cascading fountain of liquid heat.

She was now jerking frantically and her body began to shiver in anticipation of her climax. Her cunt lips were now millimetres away from my parched lips. I began to lick them to get rid of their dryness and make them wet and ready to taste her meat.

The smell of her pussy-flesh rushed new and sensational thrills through my nostrils, a fleshy and slightly bitterly pungent aroma that was both hot and stifling and instantly reminded me of the smell of my own hot prick when I jerked off.

Her pussy began to drip and then yield a gush-stream of hot liquid over my lips and my face, steadily increasing in volume so that her mess began to streak over my quivering face, soaking my cheeks, forehead and my hair, hot gushing streaks of thick liquid that made my eyes smart with the potency of their acidic heat.

Her body quivered volcanically as her fingers rubbed her meat frantically. She was so hot now her teeth grit together and from her lips there was a burbling, sobbing sound of animal-like cries and whelps. 

Then her body heaved frantically, gripped in a vice of sensations. She slumped herself fully over my face, her fingers mashing her red-hot clit. Her labia flaps pressed into my lips as streams of hot and thick liquid continued to flood my face. Her body continued to heave as she climaxed viciously over my struggling cheeks and lips.

I felt my pre-cum bubbling over my swollen prick head.

Then her body relaxed its sensations but her finger tips continued to wipe off the excessive liquids running down my face, massaging the hot goo over her rich brown velvety nipples.

Her next move took me by surprise. With alacrity she sprang off me. She dragged me up on my feet and propelled me to a sort of massage couch where she sat and dragged me down to sit on her lap. Her left hand gripped my waist in a vice.

Her right hand roughly gripped my distended and swollen prick, her fingers working my sticky pre-cum into the stem and throbbing cock-head. Electric-like sensations surged through my body as I squirmed to control my stiffened legs. My balls were ready to burst.

With firm and solid strokes flowing up and down the length of my prick stem, tightening and relaxing with each stroke she took me to the edge and then with a frantic flurry of hand movements she made me cum.

A volcano of milky-white liquid cascaded out of my tormented cock, wave after wave of slimy, sticky liquid as my whole body bucked and cavorted. I felt the room spinning around me, the sensations almost making me faint with satisfaction and exhaustion. I went both hot and cold and my stomach seemed to throb with emptiness.

Then I felt her hot breath over my shrivelling cock as her lips closed over it, sucking off the last spurts of my cum. Her tongue flickered all over my balls and my belly, greedily sucking and licking up my cum and swallowing it.

"I just love cum" she said. "Now go and get showered".

When I returned all spruced up and cleaned feeling like I had experienced some kind of fantastic dream I found her relaxed on the couch, still naked, her legs wide open as she fingered her swelling clit again.

"Make sure you don't breathe anything to a living soul. Not to your mates, especially at school. You'll be tempted to tell all and boast, but don't.

"I want you here twice a week for more training. It's no good telling you not to jerk off on your own because I'm sure you will but the less you jerk off and the more cum you store up the better will be your sensations.

"Now run along home until next time and remember, keep your lips sealed".

PHOENIX46		20th June 2009



