The Camping trip 
by Kelly

It had been two weeks since the embarrassing stripping, Eve and Bella had been the talk of the school. Amber and Ellie had told most of the boys as well just to try and add to the poor girl’s humiliation.

The annual Brynmor high school camping trip to the Lake District was taking place this weekend and Eve and Bella had decided that this would be the perfect place for revenge. They were going to humiliate the girl’s in the same way that they had been.

Getting on the bus Eve heard wolf whistles and sly comments aimed at her but she just smiled to herself at the thought of her plan. They got to camp and the rooms had been assigned according to gender and done randomly, as luck would have Bella was good friends with the camps owner and had managed to get her and Eve in the same room as their targets. After a night of camp activities such as scavenger hunts and a massive campfire the Girls went to bed, however Eve and Bella waited for the other girls to drift off and then they snuck over to Ellie’s bed. They slowly removed her covers and gagged her mouth with a sock, this woke the girl who tried to scream however her screams were muffled by the newly placed gag in her mouth, the girl’s flipped her onto her front and tied her hands behind her back with a school tie. They then picked her out of her bed and walked her over to the boys dorms in just her long sleeping T-shirt which came to just above her knees. They walked into the boys dorms and started knocking on doors until everyone came out into the hallway to see what the commotion was, the boys were shocked but pleased to see Ellie standing there gagged with her hands behind her back in just her sleeping T-shirt, Even without her make up on and her long auburn hair in a mess she looked beautiful and a lot of the boys got hard at the thought of her getting stripped. Eve removed Ellie’s gag and tied her to a chair, Bella then ripped her T-shirt straight down the middle and tugged it clean off her, this left the girl in just a black bra and black bikini cut panties. At this point almost all of the boys had fairly obvious boners which were poorly concealed by their loose fitting pyjama shorts or their underpants. “do you want to see more” Eve asked to the crowd, this was met by a chorus of yes’s from the boys, at this point Ellie’s face had turned as Red as a baboons arse. Bella then untied Ellie and Eve dragged her through the hall and into one of the guy’s room’s, with the boy’s help Ellie was tied to one of the boy’s beds. Eve then picked up a penknife and snipped the corners of Ellie’s bra and then the middle she left her like this for a minute or two just too tease her and the guy’s a little bit, Bella then walked over to her and removed the parts of the bra, in the process revealing Ellie’s D cup tits to the boy’s, her tits were an amazing sight with her erect pink nipples standing to attention. Eve then slid the girl’s panties off her legs revealing her trimmed auburn pubes and her glistening pussy lips and her extremely wet slit, her legs were then tied to the bed post’s as wide open as they could be. With that Eve and Bella decided their work was and left the girl there at the mercy of the extremely horny boy’s. It’s never been cleared up as to exactly what the boy’s did but in the morning Ellie was found tied to a tree by the lake completely naked and covered in cum. Eve and Bella were happy with the way their plan had turned out but were not done as they had yet even more planned for their revenge on Amber.
