The Step-Sister
by *Lady Lucia*

Chapter Nine

"Ask away, Sara said, Claudia will be here all night. A sleepover with well behaved girls like us will be good for her. Unlike her friends, were actually responsible and motivated to succeed in life. Trust me, sis. The sooner our habits start to rub off on you, the better. Isnt that right, girls?

Celeste ever so slightly cocked her head to the side. She could obviously tell something was up, as Claudia wasnt the type to stand idly by and allow a judgy remark like that to go by uncontested. Even if there was plenty of truth in Saras words, normally Claudia would have snapped out a witty retort within seconds. Thats right, Celeste said. Sitting up a little bit on the sofa, she asked, So, why the change of heart, Claudia?

Because my step-sister is a fucking bitch and stole all my shit and I was stupid enough to let her keep screwing with me instead of turning around and walking back out the front door like I should have. Retrospect was almost as much of a bitch as Sara was. While the fallout of all of the preppy girls threats would have been an enormous pain, it would at least have been a ripped band-aid that Claudia could wrap her head around in terms of what would happen at home and at school. Avoiding those things, however, had resulted in a lot of unexpected twists and turns that she probably would have chosen against if the two options had been more clearly laid out from the beginning. To her credit, Sara had been clever. Stringing Claudia along step by step ensured that she stayed committed to what she had signed up for. Being proper and responsible, to Saras standards. Because I like trying new things, Claudia said. Technically true, and playing with honesty was certainly a fun way to turn this around on her sister, And its not every day that I get to be naked in Saras room. It was almost a porno, except she didnt actually use the phrase step-sister when telling me to strip. No fun, I know.

The girls expressions in response to Claudias bluntness gave her a bit of satisfaction, but she knew calling Sara out like that wouldnt do much. These were her best friends, after all, and they werent nearly as well behaved as they liked to act and dress. Claudia should know; she had been around for enough of their sleepovers to know that they drank and fucked around just like Claudias skater friends. The only difference was that it was wine and/or fancy cocktails, and that they fooled around with boys that were equally as classy. If both sides wanted to keep up a certain reputation, then neither partner would openly brag. Of course, Sara had more or less explained that concept earlier with the plugproper on the outside, while still being less than proper in a more discreet way.

She was naked? Celeste asked. She raised an eyebrow, but patiently waited beyond that.

Easily spinning things from her own perspective, Sara nodded. Of course. I had to dress Claudia from head to toe, including underwear. Plus she needed a good spanking before trying anything on.

At that, Harriet finally spoke up. Wait, you spanked her?!

Mm hmm, Sara hummed, She has a whole host of things that she needs to be punished for. And who better to carry out that punishment than her perfect sister?

Asking the more important question, Celeste clarified to Claudia, And you let her spank you?

Thankfully, Claudia had trained for stuff like this. Years of hanging with her crowd had gotten her used to brushing off pretty much anything. Sometimes it was simply a matter of redirecting things back to the other person or, when called for, merely leaning into a taunt and taking away its power by owning it. It didnt fully translate to preppy girl speak, but the basic concepts still applied. Of course, Claudia shrugged, How could I turn down experiencing my sisters kinky side. Sorry, my step-sisters kinky side. Because if Sara knew about the whole lesbian thing that Claudia thought she had been more low key about, then clearly her best friends would already know as well. It was great. She had me over her desk, and- A vibrating pulse below her waist caused her to falter. It was more from surprise than pleasure, but still enough to interrupt both her words and her train of thought. Sara had just used the plug on her! While the silicone toy had a remote that went with it, Claudia never expected her allegedly vanilla sister to know that. Especially since stealing everything from her room must have taken a bit of time. And yet, she had gone through the effort to explore things like Claudias little chest of toys. Either she had experimented with this and that to figure out why there was a remote in there, or maybe she had looked it up. Regardless, the hand tucked behind Saras back had to have control of the silicone teardrop that had been crudely pushed into Claudias ass. -And she just fucking went for it. Resisting the urge to turn to Sara, Claudia completed her thought. It had to be her sister, as she could see the other girls hands. Just like everything else Sara had put Claudia through so far, it was clear that the girl didnt have many boundaries when it came to making her sister uncomfortable.

Sara sighed. We talked about this, Claudia. Vulgar language is on your list, remember?

Ooh, she has a list? Celeste asked, What else is on there?

Oh, you know, Sara said, Stuff like slutty clothes, which we already rectified. Were still working on her attitude and her swearing. There are some school things, too. You can take a look at it when we head upstairs; feel free to add anything, of course.

Of course, Celeste smirked. She was starting to get the picture. Are you the only one thats allowed to spank her? I wouldnt mind getting some revenge for all those times Claudia was rude to us.

Assuming the other girls knew about her sexuality, Claudia went for a more suggestive response. Would you like me naked for it? she asked, Because- And then, Sara pressed another button. It was another pulse, rather than the kinds of vibrations Claudia preferred to give herself, but this one was more exaggerated than the previous one. Since the plug had been shoved in without lube, everything was a little more sensitive down there. Exhaling the slightest bit from the short wave of reluctant pleasure, she shot her sister a glare. Because I thought only Sara was allowed to undress me and play with my ass.

In response, Sara repeated the effectively sharp pulse. Language, Claudia. She managed to keep a straight face, even when Claudia subconsciously squeezed her hand with a bit of an eye flutter from the latest use of the remote. And no, Celeste. You cant spank her for revenge. Right away, however, she clarified beyond that. Because this isnt about revenge. This is about teaching Claudia to be a proper and responsible girl. So youre welcome to punish her for any swearing from here on out. This is her last warning on that front. But Ive already set things up regarding her past transgressions. With that, she switched the plug into a constantly vibrating state, but on the lowest and therefore most quiet setting.

Claudia was stunned, to say the least. While she was plenty shameless when it came to plenty of things, its not like she had ever been actively turned on in public. The pulses alone were enough to draw out a hint of warmth between her legs. It had to be purely physical, as she was pretty selective when it came to sex toys. She only kept the ones that worked well on herself, save for anything that could potentially be used on a partner. There was no way the secrecy was getting her off, as these were the last girls she cared about when it came to impressions. Also, how did Sara know what she was doing?! Did she practice enough with the remote to know how to use it by touch alone? Or was she merely guessing and/or pressing random buttons? Regardless, it was working more than Claudia would have liked. Especially once the dull yet constant vibrations kicked in, making her knees subtly buckle. She had enough self control to push back against the pleasurable sensations and keep her cool with the company present, but the element of surprise was going to make it an uphill battle.

Shame, Celeste muttered. She glanced at the girl to her left. What about you, Harriet? Want a turn spanking Claudia, or will I only have to share with Sara?

Whatever, Harriet shrugged, Although its not like she has to be naked for it.

Thats right, Sara said, For once in her life, Claudias wearing a skirt. Honestly, Im surprised you dont wear them more often. You know, for the easy access and all that?

Because Im a slut? Claudia rolled her eyes.

Sara nodded. A lesbian slut. But that access will work well tonight in other ways. The next time you swear, Clauds, its going to be skirt up and underwear down. Ive already had a turn, so Celeste and Harriet will have to do rock, paper, scissors for it.

Celeste can have it, Harriet said, I can tell she wants it more.

Of course I do, Celeste grinned, Its not every day that I get to spank a bottomless goth girl.

The callback to some of Claudias own words werent lost on her, but the dull thrum of pleasure coursing through her body made it even more difficult to come up with a solid response. She was already playing Saras proper and responsible game, and the physical distraction just further complicated things. It was always annoying when people incorrectly used the word goth, as thats not what she was, but its not like correcting it would teach any of these preppy girls the difference anyway. Although honestly, Claudia would prefer to be goth at the moment, if it meant getting out of Saras stuffy clothes.

Well, ideally no one will be spanking dear Claudia. If she behaves as well as she is dressed, then we can all have a nice night together. Isnt that right, sis?

Right, Claudia muttered. This was not the deal. As soon as she and Sara were alone again, they were going to sort this out. Or maybe Claudia could just run upstairs and grab her phone from its hiding spot. Maybe it was time to pull the plug on this whole thing, both literally and figuratively, and simply leave. This had all seemed manageable at first, but letting it drag on all night long? With Celeste and Harriet here? That was a tall order.

Mm hmm. Well see, Celeste said, So, what now?

Well, now that were all here . . .  Sara trailed off. In the momentary silence, she pressed another button on the plugs remote, What do you all think? Stay in, or go out?


Where will the girls go next?


Chapter Ten

I mean, we just got here, Harriet pointed out, Do we have to decide right now?

Or maybe Claudia should decide, Celeste grinned, Either way, shes stuck with us, right?

Claudia was only just able to process the question. So far, the remote control plug had been more of a nuisance than anything else. The fragments of reluctant pleasure had been outweighed by the fact that she was technically in public, albeit just with three girls in her own house. The prudish outfit and her current situation didnt exactly put her in the most sexy headspace. Still, physical was physical, and the latest vibration pattern Sara had switched to was enough to make this more of a battle of self control.

She still had a reputation to maintain, especially while her current pink and preppy attire was thoroughly undermining her usual image. Steadying herself against the wave of pleasure that threatened to make her eyelids flutter, Claudia steeled herself and put on her classic annoyed look that she often used when Saras friends were around. I really dont care, she said. Ugh! Managing to keep the groan internal, Claudia immediately checked to see if either of the girls had noticed. Apparently her body had been affected all the way up to her voice, and her words came out faintly weaker than the cold delivery she normally gave so effortlessly.

So typical, Sara said. The other girls might not have caught on yet, but Sara had been sisters with Claudia long enough to recognize the more subtle things. It was more about the shift in body language, as well as how obvious it was that the alternative girl was trying to keep her composure with every little curve thrown her way. You know, girls, Claudia is quite the lesbian slut. In fact, I bet shed get turned on by her own sister.

Claudias impulse was to flip Sara off, or retort with at least one swear word involved, but she held herself back. The recent reminder about such language had been enough to make her hesitate this time around, as there were definitely some settings on the plug that Sara was saving for her twisted version of behavioral training. Instead, Claudia merely said, Step-sister. And you were the one ogling my naked body earlier.

Despite the lack of cursing, Sara sent another effective pulse with the remote. For a moment, it seemed like the timing was related to Claudias retort. However, Sara had something completely different in mind. Rather than relenting like before, she pressed the same button again. And again. Stepping just behind Claudia, Sara placed a hand on her shoulder and leaned forward so her lips were inches from her ear. As she did so, Sara smirked and gave a look to her two friends sitting on the sofa. Speaking in a stage whisper, so everyone could hear, she said, Youre a fucking bitch, Claudia. And a dirty little whore. With that, she flicked out her tongue to lick her step-sisters ear, and cranked the plug to its highest setting.

Claudia didnt realize what Sara was leading up to until it was too late. The toy penetrating her backside was already a lot to handle, as the more intense vibrations were making her knees go weak despite her efforts to keep her bodys urges under control. Unfortunately, bottling everything just made the eventual release that much more obvious when she could no longer keep things sealed.

Her ears were one of her weak spots. There was no way Sara knew that, which made her move a frustratingly lucky guess when paired with everything else. The insulting whispers in an overt and over-exaggerated sultry tone, the unexpected lick, and . . . Claudia wasnt prepared for the way her sister capped things off, with an aggressive series of vibrations below. It wasnt enough for an actual climax; she wasnt that far gone. And yet, Claudia couldnt stop a breathy moan from escaping her lips. She managed to keep her head from tilting back, and her eyes mostly remained open, but the damage was done nonetheless. Clearly everyone had heard her audible exhale of pleasure, and Claudia actually felt a little damp between her legs as well.

Oh, my God! Celeste gasped. Less in judgment, and more in amusement, based on her grin. Seriously? Thats all it takes for her?!

Claudia! Harriet chastised, although she also failed to stop the trace of a smile from appearing on her face, What the fuck? Shes your sister.

For a moment, Claudia was frozen. So far, she had gone through all of this so coldly and logically. Letting Sara spank her, plug her, and dress her. Letting Sara display her in the living room and explain things from only one point of view. Through all of it, Claudia had bitten her tongue and bided her time. Until this. The plug was literally still vibrating inside her at the high setting, and it wouldnt be long until something more than a soft moan happened. She couldnt just stand around and play along, not when Sara was taking things so far while not giving the slightest hint that this would be over any time soon. Without a light at the end of the tunnel, and after this latest turn of events, Claudia was finally coming to her senses.

It would have been better to storm off from the very beginning. Now Sara still had everything from before, plus had succeeded in everything that had followed Claudia stepping into the fully empty bedroom. Sunk cost fallacy only went so far, however. Better to call it quits before she lost even more of her dignity and, more importantly, before she truly lost control in front of Sara and her friends.

I need to pee! Claudia blurted out. It was quite unlike her usual brooding demeanor, but she didnt care. Not waiting for permission, because she was a fucking adult, she abruptly stepped away from Sara and did her best to walk out of the room like a normal girl despite being plugged and turned on.

Mm hmm, Celeste taunted, Thats what you have to do.

Come right back, Sara said. She wasnt going to attempt to stop her, then. Youre ours for the night, remember? Until you prove you can be a proper girl, just like us.

Harriet said something, too, but Claudia was already tuning all of them out. Although the nearest bathroom was just down the hall, she opted for the one up the stairs. Not that she actually planned on going in there. At the moment, her entire plan was to keep moving. The plugs remote only had so much range, and putting herself farther away from Sara felt more efficient than dealing with the process of removing it while it was still vibrating. Also, how did Saras friends not hear anything? While Claudias cheeks muffled most of the sounds, it still felt like the hum of the sex toy was so obvious. Then again, she was the one it was being used on, so it could just feel more apparent to her while not being particularly noticeable to anyone else.

Claudia planned on stopping just to retrieve her phone, but she ended up just short of the linen closet. Clasping a hand over her mouth and leaning against the upstairs hallway wall for a moment, she breathed out a longer and more desperate moan than before. Sara had yet to turn the plug down from the high setting she had set it to downstairs, and it was getting to the point where Claudia was wondering if she could just take a minute or two to do what Celeste teasingly implied and get herself off in the solitude she had given herself.

No.

She needed to capitalize on the opportunity before one of the girls came to look for her. Legs still a bit shaky from the constant pleasure, Claudia pressed forward the last few feet to the closet. Her phone was still there. Good. She would have been beyond frustrated if Sara had somehow figured out where Claudia had stashed it.

As painful as it would be to let one of her friends see her like this, Claudia would have to deal. There was probably a way she could spin it as over the top irony, or roleplaying as her stuck-up sister, or something. For the time being, however, she merely stuffed the phone into her bra without giving it so much as a glance. First, she had to sneak out.

Going for her usual route, she next made her way into her bare bedroom and gave the finger to the camera in the upper corner. She opened the window and gripped the sill for a few long seconds as she continued to combat the waves of pleasure coursing through her body. Still in range, then. Swinging one leg over followed by the other, assuming her limbs wouldnt give out that much once she put herself in escape mode, Claudia climbed out onto the roof and carefully stepped over to the nearby tree after belatedly making sure no neighbors or preppy girls were watching. Taking a huge breath, not loving the idea of doing this while she was turned on, Claudia took a little solace in the thought that the descent would probably mess Saras nice clothes a little bit.

It was only two stories, and she could practically make it down blindfolded at this point. Even with shaky legs, it only took twenty seconds or so before her feet were on the ground. Claudia was used to leaving at night, so it was only easier in broad daylight. She let out a quiet sigh of relief. It was still going to be annoying to walk around plugged until she found somewhere private to deal with that, but shed probably be out of the remotes range after a few yards.

The momentary victory was ruined, however, when Saras voice pierced her thoughts of where to head next before contacting her skater friends from earlier. Youre so fucking predictable, Sara scoffed. She was on the stairs of the front porch, already making her way down and towards Claudia. For real, sis? I know this is what you do like every other night.

Screw you, Sara! Claudia snapped, Im leaving.

Like hell you are. Sara narrowed her eyes and didnt once break her stride as she crossed the edge of the yard. Remote still in hand, she made a show of pressing a button that switched things from the nonstop vibrations to pulses that were equally as assertive. Something to keep Claudia off balance, just as she had gotten used to the former variety. Im not done with you yet. Proper girls dont climb trees in nice outfits, and they certainly dont moan in polite company.

Youre one to talk . . .  It was far more difficult to retort when she was still dealing with everything below her waist. Maybe taking it out would have been the better idea after all.

Thats enough. Youre coming back inside. Right now.

And youre going to make me?

At that, Sara smirked. If I have to.


What does Sara have in mind?

Using Claudias handcuffs and locking her wrists together?

Dragging her back inside by her hair?

Or finishing the job that the plug started?

