The Housekeeper
by *Lady Lucia*

CHAPTER NINE

Jess

I didn’t know what to do.

This was supposed to be a babysitting job. I was supposed to be in charge!! Yet somehow, I was standing there naked in front of Hannah and all of her friends. No covering. No speaking. And I was obeying her, fully exposing myself as I stood like a statue in the middle of the room. But what choice did I have? The horrid blonde had stolen every possession I brought with me for the summer. She and her friends had taken countless pictures and videos of me. It had gotten to the point where I had accepted the fact that I didn’t have the necessary experience or skills to resolve this myself. Until I could call Hannah’s parents and/or collect enough of my things to drive away and never look back, I had to swallow my pride and continue doing everything these girls demanded of me.

Despite how I had just allowed my body to be groped in ways not even guys had explored me before, I was still determined to cling to whatever would keep this from getting worse. My phone password, for example. If Hannah had access to my contacts and mostly unlocked social media accounts, I couldn’t begin to imagine how much damage she could do. The wicked girl had proved time and time how insensitive she was where I was involved. What if she combed through my texts and replied as me? What if she compiled all the media taken of me and shared it with the world in a way that would ensure everyone that actually knew me would see it first? I absolutely could not risk it.

An unfairly tall and slender redhead slid into the seat in front of Hannah’s laptop next. “I’ve been waiting for airline prices to go down for my Europe trip,” she said, “I could have bought a ticket weeks ago, but my father is making me be all responsible and shit with my cards. ‘Just because we have the money doesn’t mean you get to waste it.’ Lame. The whole point of being rich is to buy whatever you want whenever you want.”

“Good thing you waited,” Hannah said, “Little Jessie can treat you, and maybe you can get away with spending that flight money on something fun. Like doubling your shopping spree budget once you’re there?”

“It’s easy to be ‘responsible’ when you have more money than expected,” the redhead giggled, “I wish my parents were as whatever about money as yours.”

“Mm hmm. They left me alone for the summer and paid for a live-in housekeeper for me. Too bad she’s not very well trained. Hell, she’s not even house trained.”

“Look on the bright side, Hannah. It’s not a bug; it’s a feature. I mean, things are more entertaining with a maid like her.”

For a couple minutes, the two of them went back and forth about the kinds of things only two rich girls could talk about. My friends and I would never in a million years complain about the kinds of limits we couldn’t even reach if we tried with our collective savings. If I didn’t keep up a part-time job each semester, textbooks and meals alone would start eating into my account. That’s why I took the lucrative summer job in the first place, as it was a better financial decision than lounging about or finding something that would ultimately be more work for less pay. Perhaps that’s what I should have done after all. That, or at least get more details. I assumed I was getting paid a lot because Hannah’s parents were rich; never once did I consider that her age or cruel nature might be a factor.

The red haired girl finished up with her browsing, speaking the total out loud. “See, that’s not even that expensive. $9500 for round-trip first class? Whatever. It’s not like waiting another week would have made much of a difference.”

Hannah smirked. “Jessica can cover that for you. But since she’s my maid, I expect you to bring me back something nice out of that extra $10K you’re getting to shop with! Sound fair, virgin?”

I couldn’t help but let out another one of those embarrassing squeaks from the back of my throat. Hannah was addressing me, but I wasn’t supposed to be talking. So I kept my lips clamped shut, not wanting to give her an excuse to make an already mortifying situation worse for me. This whole credit card thing had already given me butterflies since the very first purchase. I wasn’t 100% sure whether or not they were actually using my card or not, or simply using it as a scare tactic. The laptop was facing away from me, and Hannah easily could have her own card info programmed into her browser. If they were spending thousands of dollars of my credit, however, I’d have to go through the hassle of reversing the charges. More importantly, if I got maxed out, which was already dangerously close to happening if this international flight purchase went through, I wouldn’t be able to use my cards for anything until I sorted things out with the company.

Also, why hadn’t anything been flagged yet?! Considering how modest my own uses of the credit card were, surely expensive clothes and jewelry should seem out of place. But again, I didn’t know if they were bluffing or not. Regardless, the thought of being on the hook for ten thousand dollars was daunting.

“And, done!” the girl grinned, “God, it’s so much easier with another girl’s money.”

Hannah stood up without a word and sauntered back over to me. “All I need is your password, Jessie,” she quietly said, “Unlike you, I’m allowed to move. If I could get into your phone, I could undo some of those charges. Wouldn’t you like that? You may nod.”

Nervously looking up into her eyes, I gave the smallest shake of my head. No. It wasn’t worth the risk.

She just sighed. “Suit yourself.” Before I noticed what she was doing with one of her hands, Hannah’s fingers were tracing up my bare slit. No doubt noticing my gasp and reflexive attempt to shift backwards and away from her hand, she glared and reminded me, “Do NOT move. Not a fucking inch, Jessie.”

I froze, with wide eyes. What was she doing??

“Here’s the deal, little virgin,” she quietly said. Fingertips tracing up and down my outer lips, she paused in the center to give the smallest of taps, “Either the first person to ever penetrate you outside yourself will be a girl . . . ” To emphasize her point, she lightly pressed into me. Just enough so I could feel how easily she could push inside, but she backed off at the last moment. “ . . . Or you tell me what I want to know.” With another teasing stroke up and down, grazing her nails against me this time as she moved against my womanhood, Hannah settled in the same precarious spot as before. “What’s it going to be, Jessica?”

I wasn’t stupid. I knew exactly what Hannah was doing. Objectively, it didn’t count. Since I was actually straight, it’s not like another girl touching me like that counted. But it would still undeniably be a first, and letting Hannah of all people take that from me? I would forever have to live with the knowledge that I had been willingly violated in such a way. Because, while I could push the blonde away and retreat away from her, it was like my feet were rooted to the spot. Partially from the repetition of Hannah’s orders, and also because moving in the slightest risked the eighteen year old’s fingers pushing inside me before I succeeded in getting away.

Frozen in indecision, I closed my eyes to temporarily escape the cocky smirk and the piercing eyes gazing down at me. I didn’t even consider the fact that doing so might make it look like Hannah’s touch was affecting me in some way.

Hannah wasn’t okay with that, however, and quickly snapped, “Fucking look at me, virgin. I asked you a question.”

Cursing myself for giving her an excuse to chastise me, when I had just lectured myself about not providing such opportunities, I opened my eyes right away and forced myself to look up at her smug yet stern face. Right away, I was tempted to avert my gaze. I was already pretty bad at lingering eye contact, but it was so much worse when I felt beyond vulnerable in my fully undressed state.

“Do you want me to, you know . . . ?” Hannah gave my slit another tap with her fingertips, followed by a threatening/teasing push.

Cheeks turning crimson, I gave a small shake of my head.

“Then . . . ” she trailed off again. Not needing to say what she wanted again, Hannah merely maintained the pressure on my outer lips. It would take so little for her to actually slip inside. I could already feel myself naturally parting for her. Not that I was excited by this in the slightest, but it was still someone touching me down there. My body was reacting the same way it did when I pleasured myself. I mean, my fingers were feminine. Since that’s what I knew, and Hannah was also a girl . . . it’s like my body didn’t know the difference, even if my mind did.

It was painfully impulsive, but I quietly blurted out, “1163.”

And that was that. “Good girl,” Hannah said. Fulfilling her either/or setup, she dropped her hand from my most private area right away. Before stepping back, however, she continued facing me while addressing her friend. “Lillian? Check.” Lowering her voice again, she turned her words back towards me. “You didn’t lie, did you? Because pathetic little virgins who misbehave get punished.”

My voice abandoned me again. All I could manage was another shake of my head. The small left/right motion made my unkempt hair shift enough to remind me that I hadn’t been able to dry it properly or style it after my shower. Insult to injury, really. The maid uniform obviously stripped away my authority, as did being naked, but I also wasn’t put together in the slightest like the rest of the girls here were.

Lillian replied, “I’m in.”

“Good girl,” Hannah echoed, “And the plane ticket?”

“Completed!” the redhead exclaimed.

“Great.” Calm as ever compared to her tipsy friends, the blonde before me swiveled on her heel to face the rest of the room. “Move the party back to the pool. Bring the snacks and drinks, too. Jessie and I will join you shortly. After a private chat.”

No one complained or objected. Chattering away like this was just any other sleepover, the girls made short work of grabbing whatever drinks and snacks they were still working on. They left the empty glasses and containers, of course, no doubt for me to clean at some point like the maid they all believed me to be. I couldn’t believe that I agreed to the ‘housekeeper’ role. More importantly, how could Hannah’s parents think it was a good idea? It was one thing to trick a tween in such a way, but Hannah was technically an adult. I could see how she and her friends needed supervising, however. They certainly acted like teenagers, and spoiled ones at that. But clearly I wasn’t the girl for the job.

Hannah patiently waited until the furnished basement cleared out completely. Whichever girl was last out of the room closed the door at the top of the stairs behind her. Even then, Hannah remained quiet. She was back to facing me, and was uncomfortably close compared to the distance I’d normally take when conversing with someone. I still wasn’t allowed to move or talk, so I simply continued blushing and twitching my fingertips against my bare thighs in nervousness as I kept my arms down.

What was she waiting on?

After another minute or two, the house was quieter than before, no doubt as the girls upstairs trickled outside to continue drinking. And to gossip about me, probably, as a lot more had happened in the basement to supplement what they had already witnessed.

Then, out of nowhere, Hannah slapped me between the legs. HARD.

I gasped in both shock and pain, and was unable to stop myself from instinctively covering myself with a hand. Self preservation overcame the fear that Hannah had instilled in me, but that wouldn’t last for very long.

As I was still reeling from the jolt of pain that had raced up my spine from the way Hannah struck me, she reached forward and sharply pinched my nipples. “What the fuck, Jessie?!” she snapped. Digging her nails into my flesh and twisting my nipples in opposite directions, she glared daggers at me. “You’re a little girl. You’re a pathetic virgin. How DARE you have boobs like this?” She stamped down on both of my bare feet with her own, and roughly shoved me backwards by my breasts.

My arms flailed as desperately as they had tried to keep my balance when I had been pushed into the pool, but to no avail. With my feet pinned, it was literally impossible to do anything against the force of her hands. I fell to the ground with absolutely zero grace, wincing as I landed on my bare ass. As her friends had so kindly pointed out, I was pretty scrawny back there. My tailbone collided directly with the floor, and the firm carpet did very little to protect me from what I assumed was concrete below. Gasping again, although with very little breath due to how the fall knocked the wind out from me, I looked up in horror at the blonde girl now towering over me.

“I asked you a fucking question, Jessie!” she spat out. Taking a step forward, she narrowed her eyes and repeated herself, “What the fuck is a miserable servant girl like you doing with boobs that big?”

Abandoning her former directive to stay still, I couldn’t help but scramble backwards in an attempt to get away from the intimidating girl. She didn’t seem drunk, but I also knew this would be a lot more difficult to handle if the alcohol had gone to her head in a way that wasn’t outwardly noticeable outside of this. Or maybe she was stone cold sober and just upping her game. Either way, I didn’t love the position I was in. Outside of being low key terrified of the girl who had made my life a living hell for the last few hours, I was also utterly bewildered. I mean, it’s not like I chose my breasts!! While I certainly appreciated them, considering the rest of me was less womanly in comparison, that’s just the way I developed. How could she be mad about something completely out of my control?!

Continuing to unleash her fury on me, Hannah kept her voice raised like it had been when she yelled at me for the accident I had earlier. And even that wasn’t my fault! “Oh, and I’m getting real sick of you resisting and complaining. You are my fucking maid, Jessica. That means obedience. Like, all the time. You do anything I say, no matter what. I swear to God, if you put one more bare toe out of line, I will strand you just how you are in the middle of town. Or maybe you’d like that. What do you think? Naked in public, or naked and obedient here?”

My mouth hung open in disbelief. She wouldn’t do that, would she. She couldn’t! This was already the most mortifying thing to ever happen to me. But a bunch of girls moderately close to my age seeing me fully nude, compared to this latest threat? It was a completely unfair either/or, but I immediately knew which one I would prefer. “I-I, umm-”

Glaring at me, Hannah harshly demanded, “ANSWER.”

With watery eyes and a suddenly very dry throat, I meekly uttered, “H-here.”

“Stop. Stop fucking moving right now, virgin. Tell me that you will be fully obedient, like a good little maid.”

I did as I was told. Instead of scooting backwards on the rough carpet, I awkwardly let my ass and then legs settle down while making the effort to keep my thighs clamped together to protect what little modesty I had left. Now that I was no longer moving, Hannah continued walking forward until her legs made a V over me. Her calves brushed against my bare midriff, and I felt more vulnerable than ever. Naked, as physically beneath her as possible, and somewhat pinned as well. Temporarily distracted by the development, it took me a moment to come to my senses and repeat her words. “I’ll be obedient,” I said, “A good maid.”

“A good little maid,” she clarified, “And fully obedient. Say the whole thing, Jessie.”

“I’ll be a good little maid. I’ll be fully obedient,” I quietly echoed.

“You’re a lesbian virgin?”

Deeply blushing, I nodded. The sexuality part of it wasn’t true, but now was not the time to deny pretty much anything. After a threatening look, I actually said it out loud. “I’m a lesbian virgin.”

“That’s what I thought.” Hannah began bending over. She brought her face closer and closer to mine, and eventually ran her fingers through my hair until she was cupping the back of my head. For a moment, I thought she was going to kiss me. I had absolutely no idea what I would do if that ended up being the case. Instead, she pursed her lips into the same casual smirk she had before yelling abuses at me. Lowering her voice to a borderline sensual whisper, she said, “Because the next time you misbehave . . . ”

She paused, staring me down. After a few seconds of intense silence, her fingers grasped and twisted at my hair before she abruptly yanked me upwards by my long, brunette locks.


