Chattooga River I:  Waterfall

H. Jekyll

(MF, rom, coital, oral)

*  *  *  *  *

To, and for, Maggie.

This is the first of three very short stories I wrote 
for Maggie McGee before she went rafting on the 
Chattooga, as lovely a river as you will find, in the 
summer of 2000.  

Copyright 2001 by H. Jekyll.  Permission is freely 
granted to post on any site that does not charge for 
entrance, as long as proper attribution is given to 
the author.  The story should not be read by anyone 
under the legal age to read sexually explicit 
stories, or by anyone in a location where it is 
illegal to read such stories.  

I appreciate comments and inquiries, even criticisms.  
Yes I do.  Most writers do.  Please send them to: 
h_jekyll2000@yahoo.com

My stories are archived in the Authors' section of 
the Alt Sex Stories Text Repository, at:  
ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/h_jekyll/

*  *  *  *  *


It's a wilderness of green water, lacking the 
development and crowds that make the Nantahala seem 
so suburban.  It is usually vacant of people as well, 
so a couple can play adult games without being 
disturbed, and we decided to take advantage by going 
out alone, just we two in a little "ducky."  

Today the river is empty and quiet, with no human 
sounds except ours.  Sitting behind you, I reach and 
grab your breasts from time to time, and all you can 
do is use your paddle to splash me.  Other times we 
are quiet, drifting, watching the water or the hills.  
You put a hand back to me and we hold hands;  I 
caress your palm with my thumb.

When we reach the waterfall, we beach the ducky and 
climb the slope, smooth stone covered in moss, wet 
from the fall's spray, as slippery as your vagina but 
always cool, never hot.  To keep from slipping we go 
on all fours, which looks ridiculous, but even here I 
can't help reaching between your legs as you crab-
walk in front of me, and stroking your ass.  All you 
do in response is smile.  

At the fall it is you who makes the suggestion: 
"Let's go naked."

So we strip.  Then we edge along the rock face of the 
fall, in the little sheltered area just behind the 
water, our bodies close.  Your foot slips a little 
and I grab you, and then we are holding and kissing, 
both sliding a little so were are right in the water, 
half drowning while we feast on mouths.

Oh the shower is cold, so cold that at first it takes 
our breath away, or is that the passion?  Whatever, 
we hold each other tighter, tighter.  Your breasts 
are soft against my belly, your cold flesh moves over 
me, and my penis swells up against you.  I lean back 
against the wall, out of the water, and play with 
your pussy while you rub the head of my penis with 
your fingers.  We work together to get it inside you 
- not easy to do without slipping - then we edge back 
under that cascade and, holding hands, lean away from 
each other.

My God, you are transformed!  The water falls right 
where we are connected.  This isn't the stream of a 
shower massager but a surge, pounding right on your 
sex and spraying off the base of my penis directly at 
your clitoris.  You're shivering in the water but so 
high that you don't care.  Your fingers dig into my 
hands because the sensations are so intense, and then 
you are coming, crying out a cry that I can hardly 
hear because the water is crying out even louder.

Then you can't take the sensation any more so you 
lean forward and clasp me, holding me tightly with 
your head on my chest, protected from the flow, 
letting your orgasm complete, subside.  

You always do recover quickly.  It can't be a minute 
before you pull my penis out of yourself, kneel, and 
take me in your mouth, your warm mouth such a 
contrast to the water.  I lean over you to deflect 
the water off my back, while you suck me, sweet 
sucking, sweet licking, making me swell, bringing me 
close, sucking on my whole head until now I am 
coming.  I hold your head in both hands and fuck your 
soft mouth and come and come, and I'm surprised to 
find myself leaning back against the wall again.  You 
hold me in your mouth for the longest time afterward, 
until my whole penis fits in your mouth.  

Afterwards we lie in the sun on a flat rock, drying, 
touching.  We don't get dressed until we hear faint 
laughter announce a distant group of rafts coming 
down the river.  

