My Latest Nude Exposure
byapplevalyan©

This is Valerie, just this past weekend I ended up naked in front of someone I had just recently met. He was a friend of my 24-year-old son and it was totally accidental on my part.

Matthew is on leave from the 'Air Force' and brought along a friend to enjoy their 'spring break' in Florida. Chad was a good-looking guy and very nice too. They had planned to go to Daytona Beach a couple times to check out the 'ladies', to visit 'Disney', and to just relax a couple weeks.

One Saturday night about a week after they arrived, I was tired after a long day of yard work and decided to go to bed before the rest of them. I awoke around midnight and noticed the house was very quite and my husband was not in bed, so I got up and went to the door and slowly opened it. The house was dark except for a light coming from the computer room.

Since I sleep nude, and have since we got married, I slipped down the hall quietly to see what my husband was up to. I looked slowly around the corner and noticed he was looking at our large collection of pictures of me in various stages of undress and completely nude we had taken over the years 30 years we've been together. Some of these pictures were taken before we were married. Yes, he has pictures of me topless and nude before we got married. But anyhow, he was alone so in slid quietly into the room and startled him.

I asked why he was looking at the pictures this time of night. He turned and smiled at me and told me he had been showing them to Chad. He loves showing people these pictures and has showed them to many of his friends. I don't mind at all, in fact I enjoy walking around in front of them knowing they had just seen some nude pictures of me. You can see in their eyes that they are looking at me trying to remember what I looked like naked. I still get excited when I know someone would love to see me naked.

I looked around and asked where he was and he said he had just gone to the bathroom and might be back real soon. I said that I had better get back to our room before he returned. I turned and started towards the door as Chad walked around the corner and froze. I didn't panic, I calmly said, "Hi Chad, come on in and have a seat and I'll go back to bed while you two finish what you were doing." He just stood there staring at my nude body. My body isn't bad for someone almost 50. I'm only 10 to 15 pounds overweight but it's spread out all over so I don't have a big gut or butt.

Finally Darrin got up and took Chad's hand and told him that everything was fine and not to worry about seeing me naked. He finally sat down but was still staring at me. Darrin asked him what was wrong and if he had every seen a live naked woman before. He seemed to snap out of it and said sure he had but that he wasn't expecting to see his friends' mother naked. I told him I didn't mind but it might be best if he never told Matthew about it. At that point I turned completely around giving Chad a 360-degree look. I then leaned over and whispered into Darrin's ear to quickly finish showing him the pictures because I was now horny! I looked over at Chad and noticed his shorts were tenting up very nicely. I smiled to myself as I turned and left the room. I still had it! On the way out the door, I accidentally on purpose knocked a video game off the shelf and bent from the waist to pick it up. Darrin told me about a half hour later while he was pile driving me that I given Chad a great look at my pussy.

I made sure I was minimally dress as much as possible the rest of the week. I wore just a robe at breakfast, or one of my smaller bikinis around the pool, and just a halter or thin t-shirt and cutoffs around the house. I only got a couple of chances to flash my tit or pussy for Chad.

He got to see me completely nude one more time. Matthew got a chance to hook up with and old girlfriend one afternoon and Chad didn't want to be in the way and decided to hang around the house with me that afternoon. I told Chad not to concern himself with Matthew, because I would be happy to keep him entertained.

I was already thinking of a way I could get naked in front of him again. My naughty mind decided to get naked at the pool. That night while we were having sex in bed, I told my husband what I was going to do and that he had better be ready to fuck me good when he got home. He said he wishes he could be there to watch but that he couldn't get away until about 6pm that evening. He said he loved me and told me to have fun.

I was already one of my bikinis when Matthew left, as I had been getting some sun as I cleaned the pool just before he left. I had just finished making a few sandwiches and some ice tea when Chad entered the kitchen, stopping, as he looked at me in my little yellow string bikini. I told him I was going to lay around the pool the rest of the afternoon and for him to join me. He said he would be glad to and that he would be right out.

I was already in the pool when he came out. He surprised me because he came out in just a pair of black boxer-briefs. He said he hoped I didn't mind as he had apparently left his suit in Matthew's car.

I told him I didn't care at all because I was already naked and I hoped he didn't mind. He looked over at my chair and there on the towel were my top and bottom. I continued to tell him that if he wanted to join me naked that I would be honored. I don't think he really believed me so I stood up so he could see my wet naked breast. His eyes were as big as half dollars. I noticed his face turn deep red and I told him not to be embarrassed with my nudity because I was a nudist and an exhibitionist. I love having men look at me when I'm naked and that my husband knows and even encourages it. I also told Chad that I had told Darrin that I was going to swim naked while you watched and that he had told me to enjoy myself.

That seemed to relax Chad a bit. I told him he didn't have to get naked if he didn't want to but that I hope I had not offended him with my nudity.

He said he definitely was not offended but that he was not expecting my nakedness and was surprised and very happy to see it again.

As that remark, I climbed out of the pool and walked towards him in all my nakedness. I asked him what he thought about my 50 something body as I turned around for him.

He said that I looked 'Real good' and that I could easily pass for 30.

I smiled and thanked him and told him I could give him a hug for that remark.

He smiled back and said to go ahead. So I did! I wrapped my wet arms around him and pulled him bare chest to my bare tits and squeezed. He squeezed back and I could feel his hardness against my shaven pussy.

I stepped back looked down at the rather impressive bulge and asked him if he was going to remove his bottoms or if he wanted me to. He smiled and said he would love for me to, if I really wanted to. If he only knew how much I wanted to pull down those briefs and see what was hidden from my view.

I grabbed hold of both sides and pulled down as I got down on my knees in front of him. Out popped about 8-inches of beautiful hard meat. I had to stop myself front reaching out and grabbing it. Oh, how I wanted to put that thing in my mouth, but I didn't. I AM AN EXHIBITIONIST, NOT A SLUT! I have never been with another man without my husband's knowledge since I got married and I don't plan to now. I stood and told Chad that he could look all he wanted but that he was not allowed to touch me in any inappropriate way.

He asked what I expected of him to do with his hard-on. I said I would like to see him jerk-off for me if he felt like it but not to be surprised if I played with my pussy in front of him. He asked if he could jerk-off on me. I told him that I would love that. I then lay on my back in the lounge chair and spread my legs as I put my fingers to my pussy. I told Chad to straddle the chair facing me. In a couple minutes Chad shot his load on my face and tits, I couldn't stop myself from wiping his cum up with my fingers and putting it in my mouth as I brought myself to orgasm.

The rest of the afternoon was uneventful. We rubbed lotion on every square inch of the others body but that was about it.

When Darrin got home. Dinner was on the table and I was still naked. Darrin took me over the kitchen sink as Chad watched and jerked off from the back porch.

It is still so much fun to flash! I don't think I will ever get tired of doing it.
