Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Sixty-One: The Duallahan Loses Her Head
Summary: The fight at the end of the labyrinth commences, and the duallahan holds nothing back!
Keywords: MFH MF MFF inc oral creampie anal exib voy fantasy magic viol
Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  The Labyrinth, The Empire of Shizhuth

The tarasque charged. 

The ground shook as the massive monster rushed at us. The giant tortoise-like behemoth kicked up a huge cloud of dirt as it rushed at us. I shuddered as waves washed out through the earth with each step. This thing was massive with armor that looked impenetrable.

How were we getting out of this without dying?

Fear swept through me. For an instant, I was paralyzed by it. I couldn't think of anything else but just how big that thing was. Just how massive. It would crush us, and there was nothing I could do about it. 

But I only let that fear wash over me for a moment. I couldn't let it have me any longer. I had to protect my family. I couldn't do that if I stood here scared petrified. I had to act. There had to be a way to bring this monster down.

Mother, watch over Lasla! I commanded. Keep her safe.

Yes, Master! Mother said. She grabbed Lasla and yanked her to the side.

The throbbing in my left hand faded before this thing, but I could still feel it sapping at my strength. A feverish heat burned across my cheeks and temple. Nothing to do about it. We had to win here. I would not let my women down.

With me, Pyrriah! I shouted and darted in the other way as the tarasque bore down on us.

I'm with you! my twin sister cried.

She ran after me as the creature hurtled at us. We charged away from it at a diagonal. The bulk couldn't turn fast at all. That was one thing. Its bulk worked against it. The ground rippled beneath my feet as it passed. I fought for balance.

BOOM!

The tarasque crashed into the wall behind us. As I fought to stay on my feet, a chunk of black stone crashed into the sand by me. I glanced back to see the bulk had shattered a portion of the wall. Not enough to break it down, but to leave a concave crater in the side. Hunks of stone fell around its head.

It roared and turned, lumbering around toward us, more rocks falling off its shell. Its massive, black eyes aimed at us. I groaned as the creature roared and charged at us. I grabbed my sister with my free hand.

My left hand.

Pain exploded up my arm when I grabbed her wrist to pull her away. My swollen fingers burned. I gasped as darkness washed over my vision. The black pus suppurating from my wounds had soaked the bandages now, caking the purple silk into a disgusting mess. My arm pulsed, confined by the bandage. Constricted.

Las's big damned cock! I howled.

The creature rushed at us. 

Come on, I groaned, needing to get away. Let's go, Pyrriah.

No, wait! She grabbed my shoulder. Wait until it's almost on us.

I turned and stared at my sister. The creature was nearly on us. I didn't get why she wanted to do that. Beyond us, the duallahan watched, her sword in her hand. She had to defeat this thing, too. Or just kill us?

Was that how she won?

Now! Pyrriah cried and shoved me to the left away from it as she rushed to the right.

I gasped as I stumbled. She let the front foot crash down between us. The wave that propagated through the sand hit me and threw me off my feet. I landed on my back as it charged by. Dust swirled around us, swallowing the world.

Pyrriah shouted, not in pain, but a cry of an attack. Metal rang on shell.

I coughed and pushed myself up to my feet. The dust swirled to my right. The duallahan broke out of it a moment later, swinging her sword at me. I cursed and raised my tulwar in a parry. I caught her blade at the last moment, stopping her slash.

She kicked me in the stomach. 

I grunted and stumbled back. She followed up with a lunge. I slapped her blade to the side and counter-slashed for her neck. I struck her, cutting her head off. It tumbled in the air, flying upward? It spun around, her white hair sweeping behind it.

Her hand landed back on her shoulder.

She stabbed at me again, hitting me in the breastplate before I could react. Her hand came off and went back on. I didn't know she could do that. I didn't know much about duallahans at all. But that was wild. 

She smiled at me and attacked.

I parried, her blows fierce, driving me back. I trembled as the dust cleared. The tarasque bellowed. I had lost track of it in the swirl of yellow-browns. Now the haze was clearing and the beast searched for us. 

Where was my sister?

Pyrriah sprang at the duallahan out of a thick cloud. She swung, forcing the duallahan to abandon her attack and parry. My sister's hair burned red, consuming the dust that clung to her tresses as she slashed at the enemy.

My left arm pulsed with pain. I panted, feeling the poison spreading up my arm and into my chest. It was reaching for my heart. I shook my head to clear it from the agony. The tarasque roared again and charged back at us.

Gods damn, the duallahan snarled as we were all forced to run, my sister and I one way, the duallahan another.

The ground shook and the dust exploded around us again. I coughed, stumbling. The ground rippled beneath my feet. I lost my sister in the swirl. My eyes stung from it. The dust clung to my sweaty face.

Pyrriah! I shouted, unable to see anything. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

The dust spilled around me. I had lost my twin in the dust. The ground shook. The tarasque moved around us, but where? I gripped my sword, struggling to focus my senses. The creature growled, the rumbles reverberating through the air.

Gods damn it, I muttered, worry for my twin swelling in me. He was injured. He wasn't at his full fighting skill. This was bad. So very, very bad.

I rolled my shoulders. Waves of sand washed at me from the right. I turned in that direction, shifting my feet to keep my balance. Out of the sand, the sharp beak of the tarasque thrust down at me, the end tipped by a scything horn that would cut me in half when it bit.

I would not perish here. I had my twin brother and our family to protect.

My love burst from me as fire exploded into the mouth of the tarasque. It roared in pain. Its flesh sizzled. I heard that crackling sound. It was music to my ears. I loved hearing that. I wanted it to suffer. It deserved to suffer.

It was a monster. A beast. A foul creature that had to be destroyed. I would destroy it. I would kill this beast. It would be so satisfying. 

Its head swung from side to side, smoke pouring out of its mouth. I had hurt it. A vicious satisfaction burned through me. It was at the last moment that I realized it had swung its head down to crash into me.

It struck me and threw me in a burst of pain.

I landed and rolled in the dust. My left arm ached. I lay on my face. I groaned and pushed myself up, struggling to gather myself. The ground shook. The tarasque roared. It rushed at me, chasing me through the dust. The sand washed over me, throwing me onto my back.

I couldn't see it at all. I could hear it. Fire burst around me, flinging me to my feet. A shadow swirled to my left. The monster. I ran as it chased me. I had no idea where my brother was in this mess. How could I protect him if I was lost in the dust being chased by this monster?

The beak snapped down at me, cracking behind me. The monster closed the distance. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

The duallahan burst out of the dust and swung at me. 

I blocked.

The blow shivered up my hand. I stumbled on the loose sand. She grinned at me, her purple face smeared in dust. She slashed at me again. I parried, my left hand throbbing. My entire arm pulsed with pain as I fought.

Fatigue pulled at me. My legs grew heavier with each step. My heart labored, pounding so hard to keep me going. I gulped down air as I kept her blows at bay. I had to keep her from cutting me down. I needed to keep fighting.

You like that poison? she taunted. I made that just for you, Kurtis.

I snarled and swung. A clumsy blow that she easily knocked back. I nearly lost my blade. This wasn't working. I had to take her down now before my strength flagged. I attacked again, but she blocked and counterattacked.

She drove me back. I barely was able to block her blow. She drove me back, the dust swirling around us. The tarasque bellowed not far away. Was it fighting my sister? I had to help her, but the duallahan pressed me.

I had to use her lust against her. I reached out with my power to

Agony exploded in my arm. I nearly fell to my knees as my ability recoiled back into me. I swayed as the poison devoured my passions. My arm pulsed with my pounding heartbeat. I panted, open to attack, but she didn't kill me.

Yes, yes, she purred, pacing around me like a cat playing with her meal. I've learned of your ability to manipulate lust. Your antics in Naith are known to us. The Empress knew you were coming. She consulted the Oracle. She knew a Son of Lust would be Naith's Ambassador.

I was so startled, I barely noticed her attack. I managed to bring up my sword in time to parry. The blade rang. I stepped back as she attacked again and again. She slammed her sword hard into me as I struggled to keep her from killing me.

A Son of Lust with a Daughter of Lust and a Phoenix for a twin, she said. Such intriguing pedigree. The Empress is eager to own you sisters!

She'll never have them! I roared and blocked her sword.

Anger and fear for my family were all that kept me standing. The poison devoured everything about me. I grew weaker and weaker. I couldn't manipulate her lusts. I didn't have the strength to fight her. I was delaying my death.

By time for Pyrriah to somehow defeat the tarasque and come to my rescue.

How could she do that?

I realized I had lost. Eurydice the Duallahan had beaten me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

<p.The tarasque rushed at me. I ran before it, my heart hammering. I counted the steps, listening to the rhythm. I had one way to kill this thing. Just one way to defeat it. I would have gambled. There was no other way to do this. I had to risk everything on crushing this monster. 

I drew in a deep breath and turned.

The tarasque's head appeared out of the dust. It didn't open its mouth to swallow me. It swung its head down like a hammer wanting to pound a nail. I tensed and jumped at the last moment. I flew past its head. It slammed into the ground where I was.

I landed on its armored snout.

The creature roared and raised its head. I buried my sword into a gap in the scales, wedging it in to keep me from falling off. I spotted my target. It had two small holes in the side of its head. Ears. I jumped for the ridge of bones above its eyes. I grabbed a hard spoke along it with my left hand.

The creature roared and shook. I gasped, gripping that horn for dear life. I had to hold on. I couldn't let it shake me off. I gripped it, the world flashing around me. I held. I gripped it and did not let go. I could not let go.

I had to hold on with all my might. I couldn't let anything disrupt me. My fingers slipped, but I didn't care. I squeeze harder. The dust coating everything helped to give me a grip. The tarasque roared as it stopped swinging.

I dangled down by its eye, staring at the hole. It was just in reach. Fire burned across my body and engulfed my tulwar. I jammed the burning brand into the tarasque's ear canal. I shoved it in deep, pouring my flaming love into the canal.

The beast roared in agony as a black, greasy smoke poured out around the hilt of my blade.

It thrashed harder. My left hand slipped from the bone horn this time. I gasped, grabbing my hilt, holding it with both hands now. My body slammed into the armored side of its face again and again as I kept pouring the flames into it.

Bellowing in maddened pain, it charged.

The beast lumbered across the arena as I clung to it. My feet dangled as I bounced against the side. My armor clattered. I grunted and groaned, fighting to hold onto my leather-wrapped hilt. I had no idea where it ran. I doubted it did, either.

My fire burned deeper and deeper into

BOOM!

It slammed its head into the wall of the arena. The force ripped me from my sword. I struck the crumbling wall and bounced off. I landed in the soft sand, chunks of shattered masonry landing around me. One struck me in the back. I gasped, thrown onto my belly, my armor dented.

I rolled over to my side as the creature shook its head. Its black eye fixed on me. It turned and slammed its head down at me again. I threw myself back, tumbling out of the way. It struck the sand, throwing up more dust into the air.

It roared and lunged at me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

I trembled with fear with Mother Azuliana along the side of the arena. Thick swaths of dust washed around us. I peered through it, searching for Kurtis and Pyrriah I didn't see either of them. I quivered, so frightened for them both.

They'll be fine, Mother Azuliana whispered, her hand on my shoulder.

I just nodded, wanting to believe that. My eyes flicked around while I let my senses surge out. I felt Pyrriah's fear. The tarasque bellowed. She was fighting that. From my brother... I found pain. Then I sensed a third presence.

One of gloating.

The dust cleared enough to reveal. My brother fighting the duallahan. He staggered back, pressed by her. It was clear he was flagging. The wound to his arm had weakened him. Her foot lashed out, tripping him.

No, I whimpered and slammed my lust hard into the duallahan.

As she raised her sword, I hit her with a large blast of lust. The purple-skinned woman staggered, her blow slashing down at Kurtis missing him. She snarled and regained her desire. She had tight control on her passion. 

It would not be easy to overcome her. Not when she was focused on killing my brother.

He was barely keeping her from killing him. My distraction had worked, but I couldn't keep slamming lust She wouldn't be thrown off so badly again. I pushed on her, looking for cracks, but I couldn't find any.

I took off my step-mother's chastity belt and collar. Then I hissed, Get in there!

I wanted her to turn into a dragon, but Mother Azuliana just ran forward and grew her hermaphrodite-cock. I gasped in shock. What was she doing? Then I noticed that the duallahan wore a chainmail skirt.

A surprise attack?

I threw all my lust I could into the duallahan. I had to find something. Some way to get through her. I just had to be persistent. It existed. I knew it did. There was always a way to overcome a woman's resistance.

Always. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

I was barely keeping the duallahan's sword from finding my flesh. My arm hurt so much. She shook her head. Something affected her. Lasla, I suspected. It wasn't enough, because the duallahan was still attacking me with such bloodlust.

Lasla was better with males than females, but even I would be hard pressed to overcome the duallahan's bloodlust. She had a mission. She would see me dead. I could feel that much. So if I had my powers, I wouldn't be able to do much.

Not without something causing a major disruption in her fighting style.

She swung at me, driving me back again. The ground shook. A wave of sand hit me. Not a big one, but in my weekend state. It was more than I could handle. I fell back. She grinned at me, her sword held low. She knew she had me.

Then I noticed blue hair flashing.

My dragon-mother crashed into the duallahan from behind. She struck with such force, the duallahan's head popped off her body and landed in my lap. I gasped as the duallahan shouted in shock. Her body fell to its hands and knees.

Mother flipped up the duallahan's skirt, her clit-cock thrusting out hard before her. She rammed it into the duallahan's pussy. Her head gasped on my lap. A deep, throaty moan burst from her lips as she felt that hermaphrodite-dick ramming hard into her cunt.

That was the opening.

The body knelt there on hands and knees. The neck ended at a flat top of purple skin. No exposed spine or sinew. Mother's big boobs bounced and heaved as she fucked the duallahan's body with force. She rammed over and over into the delicious woman.

That's it, I groaned, the pain fading.

No, no, no, whimpered the duallahan. She trembled on me. That... That cock... What is that cock doing to me?

Fucking you hard, I said.

Las's big dick, whimpered the duallahan. She was a descendant of Las.

A product of my father's lust.

This can't be happening, Eurydice groaned. This is not... Oh, why is her cock so good? What is going on?

Lasla. My sister was working her lusts on the duallahan, making sure that she was enjoying this experience as much as possible. Mother didn't hold back, either. She rammed her dragon-cock deep into Eurydice's pussy.

Mother grinned at me, her big boobs bouncing. She fucked the duallahan without mercy. I could feel how much Eurydice's pussy melted around Mother's big hermaphrodite-dick. It was so wild. I loved this so much.

Damn, I groaned. You're pounding her hard, Mother.

Mmm, she's got such a tight and juicy cunt. Mother winked at me. Yes, she does.

Enjoy her, I said, realizing mother's golden collar was gone. Lasla had wanted to unleash the dragon, but Mother had another plan. Fuck that pussy hard.

Please, stop! whimpered Eurydice.

Why, loving it too much? I asked, grabbing her head with my right hand. I turned her so I could stare into her glowing eyes. 

That's... This... She glared at me. How are you doing this to me?

Like you said, my sister's a Daughter of Lust, too. I grinned. And every woman loves my mother's hermaphrodite-dick nearly as much as my big cock.

Nearly, groaned Mother as she pumped away. Oh, yes, yes, take my cock, Eurydice. Your pussy is so good.

This is outrageous, she shouted. 

You know, I think you need something to occupy your mouth, I said. I fished open the pants I wore with my right hand and pulled my cock out. The pain in my left arm had all but faded. 

My lusts were too powerful to let that injury stop me.

I pressed her mouth down my cock. Eurydice gasped then moaned around my dick. I gripped a fistful of her white hair and bobbed her head up and down. Her lips massaged my shaft. I shuddered, savoring every second of this.

Mother fucked her hard, the duallahan moaning her delight around my dick. The pleasure shot down to my balls. The tarasque wasn't crashing about. I looked over to see a mighty cloud of dust and the beast lying on its side.

Had Pyrriah managed to kill it? Excellent.

I worked Eurydice's hot mouth up and down my cock. She suckled. Her tongue swirled. Lasla approached, a big smile on her lips as she had gained control of the duallahan's lust. The strange woman was powerless between my sister's touch and my dragon-mother's clit-dick.

Powerless.

I loved that. Eurydice had utterly surrendered to what my mother and sister had done to her. Now she was sucking my dick with hunger. Her head worshiped my cock while her body rocked back and forth to Mother's thrusts.

Mother's big boobs heaved as she fucked the duallahan's pussy. It was clear that though the head and body were separated, Eurydice felt everything her body did. From how she moaned. How she suckled. The way her lusts quivered. 

That's right, suck that cock, my sister Lasla cooed as she reached us. You love sucking that dick.

Eurydice did. She moaned her agreement around my cock.

I savored the way she suckled as I bobbed her head, sliding her up and down my cock. I smiled as she suckled hard. I just had to let her do her business. I stopped bobbing her and just let her pleasure me with her suction and her tongue.

She was good at that. She nursed with passion on my cock. I loved what she did to me as she rose toward her orgasm. I would have such a big cum. Just shower her in my jizz. I couldn't wait to erupt. She suckled so hard.

With such passion.

It was an incredible rush to have her do that. She nursed with everything that she had on me. I loved it so much. This was such a wild delight. The pressure in my nuts grew and grew. She moaned louder around my girl-cock.

Cum on my hermaphrodite-dick, whore, moaned Mother. Yes, yes, cum on my cock and make my son erupt! You deserve it, slut!

SPANK!

Mother's hand cracked down on Eurydice's rump.

I smiled at the fierce, motherly love in the dragon's eyes. She pounded Eurydice with hard strokes. I shuddered, the pressure in my nuts reaching for that breaking point. I loved every last second of this passion. I rose toward the eruption.

Gods damn, I groaned.

Cum in her mouth! Mother moaned.

Yes, yes, cum in her mouth. My sister winked at me.

Eurydice squealed around my cock. Mother gasped as she plunged her hermaphrodite-cock into the duallahan's depths. Eurydice's orgasm swept through her. I felt the intensity of it, her pussy sucking at Mother's clit-dick.

Matar's big dick, Mother gasped and erupted.

Her dragon-cum flooded the duallahan's cunt. I shuddered, her moans echoing around my cock. My back arched on the soft sand as the pressure in my nuts hit that bursting point. I closed my eyes and erupted.

Ecstasy shot through me as I flooded my enemy's mouth.

I pumped over and over into her mouth. I filled her up with my jizz. It was such a rush to have all that passion surging through me. Stars danced before my eyes as Eurydice gulped down my cum. She swallowed every last drop of my jizz.

I had more for her, though.

So much more.

I unloaded everything that I had into her mouth. I savored pumping blast after blast of cum into her mouth. The pleasure rippled through me. It was outstanding. I felt so amazing right now. Just so fantastic. I savored every last second of this heat.

Las's big dick, I groaned as I hit that wonderful peak. I fired all that cum into her pussy.

Mmm, that was so good, Mother purred. Eurydice, you're such a good fuck. That was just outstanding.

She loved it, too, I said as the duallahan kept sucking on my dick.

I see why I was risking my life, you were getting a blowjob from our enemy, Pyrriah said. She limped.

I ripped Eurydice's head off my cock and dropped her on the sand. I pushed up to my feet. My arm throbbed again as I rushed over to my sister, my pants starting to fall down. I paused to keep them up.

You're okay, I said.

He got me with his death thrashes, said Pyrriah. I'm fine. Lost my sword.

I hugged her, gingerly. The pain in my left arm grew and grew again. I winced against it. But we had won. We had defeated the challenge before us. The Labyrinth was conquered. That should have given Minx and Xerathalasia more than enough time to free Tharaka and Solja's mother.

The walls rumbled around us. They lowered to the ground. I frowned at that. Then the Empress on her divan approached us from behind one of the walls. A horde of burly slaves carried her while a pride of lamia trailed after her.

I turned to face her. My sisters stood at my sides while Mother moved behind me. Her collar and chastity belt were back on her. Lasla must have done that. The duallahan swept her hands on the ground, searching for her head.

Well, well, well, Empress Szialianith said, her red hair spilling down over her big boobs. Her crimson tail twitched. You did it, Ambassssador.

Yeah, I said, swaying. The pain in my arm burned so hot.

Oh, yesssss, you do not look well, she hissed, a smile playing on her lips. The toxin issss just temporary, of courssse. It'll wear off soon.

Good to hear, I said, smuggling with my decorum.

Ssssso, not only have you won Queen Athirmi's trade dispute, but you have earned your boon. She leaned forward. You have intrigued me. The way you have conquered everything before you... You turned what were supposed to be liabilities into successes.

A man makes the best use of his tools, I said. For my boon, I wish to have an audience with the Serpent Oracle!

The lamia's tails twitched. A few of the slaves holding up the heavy divan shifted.

She studied me with her dead eyes. Her tail hardly twitched. That is too great a boon. I need one more service from you for that.

Of course. What?

I want to have your daughter.

It was simple enough. Deal. A wave of dizziness washed over me. Once I have recovered from today's... trials.

A smile spread on her lips. Of courssse. I want you at your fittessst when you come to my bedchamber. Tomorrow evening. You shall pleasure me and provide me with my heir.

I look forward to it, Your Majesty.

I know you are, beloved. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

It took more than an hour before we were back in our quarters in the palace, and the entire time, my brother was in pain. He staggered, barely able to walk. It was a good thing we had all of the harem around him to guard him. And Nephi so he could ride her instead of walk. 

He looked bad.

Empress Szialianith promised it would go away, but he looked worse and worse. He ran a finger. The bandage was yellow and smelled awful. His fingers were swollen purple. I wanted to kick that Eurydice's head.

I was so glad when we got back to the room and everyone leaped into motion. Tharaka and Solja were worried about their mother, but we could hardly ask after her without arousing suspicion. We just had to wait for word of the raid to reach us organically.

But that wasn't what was important. I filled a basin with water. Mother Azuliana was busy with a pouch. She mixed in some herbs while Pyrriah began unwrapping his wounds. Diane, Shetha, and Kyaza hovered around.

That is a bad wound, said Kyaza. The centaur's widow shook her head as more and more of Kurtis's swollen arm appeared. All the small pricks were angry and red. His arm had swelled to twice as thick, squeezed tight by the bandage.

Kurtis groaned when the bandage came all the way off. He panted but didn't look like he was in as much pain. Mother brought over the dishy with the water and herbal infusion. She set it down on a table by the divan he sat in, He lowered his left arm into the water and sighed.

Oh, that's good, he groaned, relaxing into his seat on the divan. I think that's getting much, much better.

That's so horrible of that duallahan bitch! I hissed, my anger burning through me. I stood before my brother, my naked body quaking. His eyes fell on my boobs, his cock hardening. I hope she gets really, really punished by the nagas!

Yeah, he said, his voice distant. He wasn't listening at all. He was horny.

Mmm, and I know just how to help you recover, I said and straddled my brother. I grabbed his cock and placed it right against my pussy. Nothing like a sister's pussy to numb away the pain.

I sank down his cock.

He groaned, Nothing. He closed his eyes as I slid all the way down him Oh, yeah, I'm feeling so much better. That's just perfect.

I smiled at his words. I knew this was just what he needed. I would make him explode. He would cum in my pussy. Just flood my snatch with all his jizz. I couldn't wait to all of my brother's spunk in me. He would just fill me to the brim.

That would be so outstanding.

I placed my hands on his shoulders and flexed my thighs. My tight pussy slid up his dick. I squeezed about his most magnificent of cocks. I rose up my brother to the pinnacle before I plunged down him. No other cock could be this fulfilling. We shared the same father. We were practically twins.

I worked up and down him as he moaned his delight. He shuddered as my hot pussy massaged him. I worked my juicy snatch up and down his dick. I wanted to make sure that he had just such a great cum. He deserved to have an amazing jizz in me.

That's it, I purred. Mmm, you just let my pussy make you feel all better.

So much better, he groaned. Damn, you're amazing, you know that, Lasla.

I know. I smiled at him. He still had his eyes closed. He wasn't touching me, but he was hard. He was enjoying my cunt. Just amazing, Lasla. Both my sisters are.

Pyrriah sat down beside him and took his right hand. She squeezed him as I worked up and down his dick. Our sister watched as I worked my cunt up and down that thick shaft. Our brother's dick felt so amazing in me.

Just perfect.

I knew I would have such a big climax on this cock. It would be such a fantastic rush to cum on his dick. I couldn't wait for it. This was the life. Working my twat up and down my brother's dick was just an amazing moment. I would cum so hard. Just have an awesome burst of pleasure. My brother would grunt and flood me with his seed.

I could feel how much he enjoyed my cunt. His cock loved my twat working up and down him. My snatch massaged him as I rode him hard. Fast. I loved him with everything that I had. I loved him with my hot twat.

Las's big dick, he panted. Oh, that's good. That's just so good. Keep doing that. Keep massaging my dick with your hot cunt.

You know I will, I purred. I cupped his face. He still felt a tad feverish. I'll ride your cock until you spurt all that hot cum into me. I want your seed flooding my pussy.

Yes, he groaned.

I kissed my brother. My lips melted on his. He kissed me back as I worked my snatch up and down his cock. I enjoyed every second of riding him. It was a passionate thrill to have that big dick in me. I couldn't wait to just explode on him.

His tongue thrust into my mouth. He felt so strong. So powerful and virile. I was in such heaven working my cunt up and down him. I shuddered, gripping him with all my might. The pleasure rippled through me.

I rose toward my orgasm. 

I would have such a mighty cum on his big dick. That would be absolutely amazing. Just a big burst of pleasure that would rush through me. I slammed down his cock as he kissed me with such passion. His tongue danced with mine.

Then his right hand gripped my rump. He squeezed my ass with such passion. Water sloshed. I feared he would grab me with his injured hand, but he didn't. He did slip his fingers into my butt-crack, heading right for my asshole.

I broke the kiss and moaned, Big brother! You're injured. I have to pleasure you!

You know I have to do something to my women, he said as his finger found my asshole. He teased it as he slid up and down me. Mmm, you're going to love this!

He pushed against my anal ring.

I shuddered as his finger worked against my backdoor before he popped into my asshole. He sank into my bowels. He slid his fingers deeper. Then he worked it back and forth. I shuddered, my cunt clamping down on him.

The heat for my asshole melted to my cunt. I groaned as I rode him. I worked my twat up and down his dick. I shuddered, savoring that heat. It was an incredible rush to have him pumping his digit in and out of my asshole as I pleasured him. 

That's it, he groaned, smiling at me. Let me feel that asshole going wild.

And what about my pussy? I cooed as my cunt slid down his dick. I gripped him and rose back up his thick shaft. Don't you want to feel that hot twat writhing around your big cock?

That's just a bonus. Kurtis grinned at me. He was becoming more and more like he should be. The herbs were working. 

He thrust a second finger into my asshole. I loved the feel of his digits pumping in and out of me. The anal friction mixed with the hot delight of his cock filling my snatch. I worked up and down that amazing dick, enjoying every second of this.

I rose toward my orgasm. He knew that, too. He knew I was about to explode. He was so ready for it. He was so eager to make me cum. I shuddered as I plunged down his cock. I took him all the way to the hilt in me.

His fingers thrust to the hilt in my asshole.

Las's big dick! I moaned. 

I exploded.

My cunt went wild around his dick and my asshole his fingers. The pleasure rushed through me. It was an incredible rush to have all that ecstasy surging through me. I loved every second of the heat washing through my body and melting my mind.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped, my cunt sucking at his dick. Gods, that's good!

It is! he groaned and erupted.

My brother's hot cum pumped into my twat. I loved the way he flooded my snatch with his seed. If we weren't traveling the world, I would let him breed me. I resisted the urge as the rapture rushed through my body.

I shuddered, my boobs jiggling, as my cunt milked his cock. I worked out all the jizz that he had in him. That was just such a rush. His cum blasted into my snatch. I whimpered through the rapture. I loved every second of it.

Oh, Pyrriah, I have so much cum for you to enjoy, I moaned. 

Mmm, I do enjoy his cum, she purred. But how can I lick it out of you and enjoy our brother? He needs to keep his hand soaking.

Well, I said. It involves anal. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

I squatted on Kurtis facing forward. In this position, his cock just wanted to slide into my asshole. I got why she wanted me to do it this way. I pushed the wet tip of his cock against my sphincter. He groaned, water splashing as his arm twitched.

Be a good boy and keep that hand in here, Mother purred. She was watching.

That's right, Lasla said as she had the incubus kneel before us. Then she stepped up on him to lift her pussy up so I could eat her cunt.

Her black bush dripped with his jizz. I stared at it as I leaned forward, pushing my anal ring down on our brother's cock. Kurtis groaned as my asshole widened and widened. I shoved harder. My sphincter swallowed his cock.

Gewin's mighty dick, I moaned as I swallowed his cock. I slid down him, taking more and more of his big dick. I swallowed all of him with my asshole. Gods, that's good.

It is, groaned my brother, his dick all the way in me. The heat melted to my pussy. Ride me, Pyrriah.

I flexed my legs. I was kneeling around him so I could slide my asshole up his cock. That bought my head right to my sister's furred muff. I nuzzled into her black curls soaked in his jizz. Her spicy cunt cream mixed with his salty seed.

What a lovely treat to enjoy as I rode my twin brother's cock. I worked my asshole up and down his shaft as I licked through my sister's folds. I gathered up his spunk and her cream, the salt and spice mixing across my taste buds.

I licked at her cunt. v
I lapped at her, gathering out the salty cum mixed with her spicy juices. 

It was so hot to feast on her as I worked my asshole up and down my twin brother's cock. The heat melted to my cunt, a lovely fire building in there that would burn hot through me. I couldn't wait to feel it blazing through my body.

I would just burn so hot.

I worked my asshole up and down faster, my butt-cheeks slapping into this crotch. My boobs bounced as I tongued Lasla's cunt. I thrust into her depths, scooping out our brother's salty cum. She moaned, grinding her twat on my face.

Yes, she whimpered as I flicked my tongue through her folds, her boobs quivering above me.

The harem moaned around us, writhing together as I rode my twin's dick. My asshole gripped him, the heat building and building in my cunt. I would have such blazing orgasm. I couldn't wait for it to burn through me

I licked at her cunt. I lapped at her to get out every drop of cum that I could from her asshole. I would just enjoy it all. Just make her cum so hard. She was gasping as I groaned. My brother grunted, his dick so hard.

So thick and long.

I whimpered, my pussy growing hotter and hotter. My tongue probed into my sister's twat. I licked out every salty bit of cum that I could. Her spicy juices grew in flavor. Her cream soon overwhelmed his jizz.

I had licked her clean.

Oh, Pyrriah! she squealed as my tongue flicked to her clit. I suckled on her bud. Gods damn, yes!

I nursed on her as I worked up and down my brother's dick. I was so close to burning hot. He groaned as my asshole massaged his thick cock. He filled up my bowels. He was just o perfect. I loved him so much.

Yes! Lasla gasped.

Her spicy pussy cream gushed out and bathed my lips. I groaned, drinking in that hot delight. I licked at her, swallowing all that wonderful cream spilling out of her. It was a hot moment to enjoy. I lapped at her twat with hunger. My tongue flicked through her folds.

She trembled, her boobs jiggling over my head. I slammed my asshole down my brother's cock as I drowned in my sister's cunt cream. The heat burst in my pussy. I gasped as my orgasm burned so hot through my body.

Gewin's mighty cock! I moaned, my asshole convulsing around my brother's big dick.

Gods damn, Kurtis groaned, the water sloshing again. 

His cock erupted into me.

Hot cum pumped out of his dick and flooded my bowels. He filled me up with all that cum. I loved every second of his jizz pumping into my anal sheath. My asshole writhed around him, nursing at his cock while the pleasure rushed over me.

I moaned into my sister's cunt. Her pussy juices ran over my face. I reveled in them as Kurtis fired more and more of his cum into my bowels. I rode the ecstasy. We won today. I killed a tarasque. I did the impossible and protected my family.

Yes! I gasped, my anal sheath suckling at his dick.

Your cunt cream is soaking my nuts, panted Kurtis as his cum pumped into my bowels.

Good, I whimpered.

Yes, yes, good, our sister groaned as she shuddered, shifting on the incubus's back. That's perfect. I love this so much!

So did I. 

My brother fired the last of his cum into my bowels. I felt so good with his jizz in me. That was just perfect. I trembled, my heart pounding in my chest. I savored how good that felt. I loved every last heartbeat of this bliss.

We won again. Soon, we would be out of this dreadful nation. One step closer to saving our father and being out from under Throwia's cruel thumb. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Only faint scars remained on my hand the next evening. I stared at them as I prepared to visit the empress. I would be going with a light guard of Solja. I was leaving everyone else behind, not that my sisters were happy about it.

Let's go, Solja, I said, heading for the door. The Empress needed to be bred. I would do it.

You need more than just the troll, Pyrriah said. What if you get in trouble?

If Solja can't handle it, we're in trouble, I said. And I need you here to get Lasla and the others to safety. I'm trusting you to do that. They're counting on you. Go back to Drakin Castle with Oberoy. Let my fairy-queen know I'm gone and live there in peace. You can bring the children, our sylph sisters, and Mother Sianili there to live in peace.

If she kills you, I will raze this city to the ground, Mother said.

No! I gave her a hard look. You will get them to safety. I don't want your secret released to the world. Not if it can be avoided.

She stared at me, defiance in her eyes, but then she nodded. Yes, Master.

I'll be fine. I grinned. I'm going to breed her and see the oracle.

I marched out of or corridors, Solja following. I wore my robes. I was ready for whatever the Empress had in mind. She would be in for a night that she would never forget. I would make sure that she was so thoroughly satiated, she would let me do anything.

To be continued...
