Draco woke up, feeling more rested than he'd felt in a very long time. He was also immensely relieved to discover that he was no longer in any kind of pain. Very fortunate indeed, he decided, that Granger was so clever—and rather good at getting her hands on all kinds of potions too, apparently.

He opened his eyes. Next to him, very close to him in fact, Tom was still fast asleep.

Draco glanced at the clock. They had a good ninety minutes left before the start of their first class. He bit his lip. He really didn't want to rush into things with Tom, physically, but on the other hand, the attraction he felt towards him was impossible to ignore. Draco reached out and traced his fingers along Tom's face.

Tom opened his eyes and smiled. "How are you feeling?" he asked in a whisper.

"Much better."

"Good to hear that." Tom grabbed Draco's right hand and gently kissed its knuckles, one by one. "Then I imagine you won't object to what I'm about to do?"

Draco raised a quizzical eyebrow. "And what would that be?"

Tom gave an almost predatory grin and then, in one swift move, pulled Draco on top of him. "This."

Draco laughed softly. "No. Not at all." He shifted a little to demonstrate just how much he didn't object, only stopping when his morning erection was perfectly aligned with Tom's. "Want to try something out?" he suggested mischievously.

Tom slid his hands lower and cupped Draco's behind. "Oh, yes. I've been wanting to try things out with you for quite a while now."

Draco gave a wicked chuckle. He started to rotate his hips, causing delicious friction that made both him and Tom moan. "Have you ever done this before?" he asked.

"Not with someone as special as you," Tom said breathlessly as he started to thrust back and forth. “Or for that matter, with anybody quite as gorgeous."

"Same here," Draco admitted in a whisper and started to grind down harder. "Oh fuck!"

Tom lifted one hand and gently pulled Draco's head down, capturing his lips in an eager, heated kiss. "Hm," he murmured huskily, "even first thing in the morning, you taste sweet."

They picked up the pace and soon, they were rutting against each other frantically, thankful for the Wards around their room and the Muffling Charm that was always in place, in case a bad nightmare had Draco screaming. The bed creaked loudly beneath them as they feverishly rubbed their clothed cocks against each other and in between deep, lingering kisses, moaned into one another's mouths.

"Tom." Draco gasped for air. "Fair warning... I... I'm not going to last much longer if we don't.... I'm going to... any second now... Oh fuck!... "

"Let go, Draco. I'm certainly”—he groaned—”not going to hold back either... Hmmm, yes... Fuck, you feel so damned good..."

Draco opened his eyes, just in time to see Tom throw his head back, his face contorting in pleasure. Then Draco felt it, a wetness that wasn't his own, seeping through the front of his pyjama pants. Draco shivered. "You're bloody incredible, Tom," he whispered. One more hard thrust was all it took. Draco came hard, grunting out Tom's name before finally collapsing on top of him.

When Draco had recovered enough to open his eyes again, Tom was grinning up at him. "All right there, Malfoy?"

"Absolutely perfect," he answered with a soft chuckle. "You?"

"Likewise. Next time, however, I suggest we try this with a little less clothes, or preferably, with none at all."

Draco couldn't keep the huge, goofy grin from spreading across his face. "That sounds like a plan."

"Anyway, I suppose we'd best get cleaned up and head to class. Assuming you can still move, that is."

"Yeah, Riddle." Draco laughed. "I can still move. Just one thing, though..."

"What?"

He gently kissed Tom on the lips. "Thank you."

"What on earth for?"

Draco shrugged. "Being here?"

"Well, I could say the same thing to you, then." He kissed Draco’s nose and climbed out of bed. "Come on. Shower."
Draco nodded and smiling in a way he hadn't smiled in a long time, he followed Tom into the bathroom.

"Please, sit down," Lupin urged in a gentle tone.

Harry did as he was asked, albeit reluctantly.

"It has come to our attention," Lupin continued, "that you were part of a regrettable violent incident that also involved Draco Malfoy and Tom Riddle."

Harry gritted his teeth and braced himself.

"Now, as you know, Harry, I've always stood by you, and I still believe, from the bottom of my heart, that you don't mean to do anyone any harm. However, when a member of my House physically or otherwise attacks a fellow student, without even the slightest hint of provocation on the other person's behalf, no less... I'm afraid that's not the kind of thing I can just turn a blind eye to."

Harry swallowed hard.

"Mister Riddle turned in your wand yesterday. It will remain in my possession for the time being, and such until the headmistress and myself think it wise to give it back to you. In addition, the staff has also decided unanimously—and no, I'm afraid this is not negotiable, Harry—that if you intend to remain at this school, you will be required to get yourself evaluated by an expert healer from St. Mungo's. She will be coming over tomorrow. If she deems it necessary, you will be prescribed a Calming Potion and will also partake in weekly talking sessions with her."

"What the hell am I supposed to talk to some stranger about?" Harry shot back defensively. "And what the fuck would that even solve?"

"Now, Harry," Remus said, making a point of keeping his tone even, "there's no need for that kind of language. If she decides that counselling is in order, you will talk to her about whatever she wishes to discuss with you."

"But..."

"No buts, Harry. I'm afraid you either agree to accept the help we're offering you or..." Remus took a deep breath. He didn't like being in this position, not in the least. "Or enroll at another school," he finished sadly.

Harry's eyes widened. "They're actually thinking about expelling me? ME?! After everything I…."

Remus nodded slowly. "I'm afraid so, Harry. I fear we don't have much choice if you're endangering the other students and possibly yourself."

Harry slumped back in his chair, inwardly cursing Malfoy, Riddle and finally his own temper for getting him into this situation. "Fine," he said at last, when a very tense ten minutes had gone by. "Fine. I'll talk to her."

"Right," Professor Slughorn spoke. "Miss Granger, if you would please pair up with Mister Malfoy and perhaps, Mister Weasley and Mister Riddle can work together also? Yes, thank you. Splendid! Splendid!"

"Feeling better, Draco?" Hermione whispered, while the teacher continued to divide the studens into groups of two. "I missed you at breakfast this morning."

"Missed me, no less," he retorted with a grin. "Careful. Weasley wouldn't be happy to hear that!"

Hermione just rolled her eyes in response.

"Anyway, yes, I'm feeling much better, thank you. Tom took extremely good care care of me."

Hermione raised an amused eyebrow. Something in Draco’s tone, not to mention the smug smirk on his face, told her that she didn't particularly want to know the details. At least Draco seemed to be in a good mood for once; she could only hope it would last.

"Sorry," Ron muttered at one of the other desks, as he picked up the vial he'd just dropped. "I'm not too brilliant at this."

"Well," Tom suggested helpfully, "how about, I tell you what to chop up and I do the adding and stirring myself?"

"Maybe that's not such a bad idea," Ron admitted sheepishly.

"Right, then."

Ron watched out of the corner of his eye how Tom diligently set to work. This Riddle didn’t seem too bad, really; he was helpful and polite, and didn’t start any trouble. Ron wondered what had gone wrong in the past that had turned him into the ruthless, cold-hearted bastard who’d eventually become Voldemort.

Draco, Hermione, Tom and Ron ended the lesson with two perfect potions and extra points awarded to both Gryffindor and Slytherin.

Just as they left the classroom, Harry came stomping down the corridor.
"Class has just finished, I'm afraid," Hermione told him.

"Yes, well, seeing how someone decided to have a word with McGonagall about me, I’m afraid I was forced to miss Potions this morning," Harry snapped, glaring daggers at Draco and Tom.

"You attacked a fellow student, Potter," Tom pointed out with a sneer, "the Head Boy, no less. Did you honestly believe we were going to let that slide? And now that we're on the subject of your appalling attitude: from what I've seen, you've been treating people left and right like utter crap. Maybe your friends feel they have to put up with it, out of some misguided sense of loyalty, but I'll promise you here and now, Potter, you touch my boyfriend again—in fact, you as much as speak to him in a way he doesn’t like, and I'll hex you so badly your forefathers' bones will rattle in the aftermath; am I making myself clear?"

Harry all but dropped his books. "Your-Your boyfr-... what?"

"That's right, Potter," Draco drawled, "so if you were planning on shouting from the Astronomy Tower that Draco Malfoy's a flaming queer, oops... looks like someone just took the edge off the announcement. An opportunity tragically missed, wouldn't you say?"

With that, he grabbed Tom by the arm. Together, they strode out of the corridor and to the next lesson.

"Draco's getting back to his old self, I see," Greg remarked, unable to stop the smile that was tugging at the corners of his mouth.

Luna nodded. "You should really talk to him, darling. You miss him, don't you?"

"I suppose so," he admitted quietly.

"You know, my father always says that when fate closes a door, it also opens some windows and then it's up to us not to jump through them all at once."

Greg frowned. Most of the time, the things his girlfriend said puzzled him. Nonetheless, he supposed she had a point, kind of, in this case. He should talk to Draco. He missed him. After all, they'd been friends all their lives, until the war and all its horrors had ripped them apart. And then when Vince had been killed...

Greg took a deep breath and decided that it was about time he and Draco made amends, salvaged what could still be salvaged, and got on with the rest of their lives.