Val is Talked into Fashion Show
byapplevalyan©

Valerie Is Talked Into A Private Fashion Show

Last weekend I invited a few friends over to watch the local football team on my new wide screen plasma TV. The five of us were in the basement enjoying the beating our team was giving the other so-called favorites. 

During halftime, my wife came down with a bunch of shopping bags. She had won a $500.00 gift card from a local mall at her Offices' Christmas Party the night before the game. She could use it at almost any store at the mall she wanted. I noticed a 'Victoria's Secret' and 'Fredrick's of Hollywood' amongst the others. 

I had already had a couple drinks and blurred out, "Hey Babe. What you got in the 'Fredrick's bag?"

She said it was something real sexy and she would show me later. 

One of the guys said, "Why don't you show it to us now Val."

Then one of the other guys said, "Yea! Why don't you model it for us, huh?"

Then everyone wanted her to model everything in her bags. 

She looked at me and I shrugged my shoulders. Then she said, "OK fellas. I'll give you a fashion show, but you guys have better behave yourselves or I'll stop. Everybody promised to be real good. So Valerie said she was going to her bedroom and would be back down in a few minutes. 

My friends started acting like teenagers about to see their first skin flick. I had to remind them that they were talking about my wife and I was right here. Valerie wasn't really shy or afraid to show off her body a little in public. I even enjoyed the stares she got when she wore something a little slutty. She enjoyed wearing tight short dresses or little tops and short-shorts. She also liked to wear her little thong bikinis when we went to the beach or on the boat when we went skiing on the river with some friends.

Val came back down in a few minutes wearing a long black halter gown. It had a deep 'V' front to the waist, no back, and a slit from the hem to her upper right thigh. She looked at me and put a finger to her mouth to hush me. This dress was a couple years old. She had worn it out a couple times before and usually with nothing under it. She then told everybody she was starting with this dress but every time she came down the next outfit would be a little smaller. She came to me and asked how far she should go. 

I told her as far as she dared, as I grabbed her ass. I was right, no panties. 

She smiled and said, "You know me, I might end up coming down naked."

I smiled and told her that would be nice but that maybe we shouldn't go that far today, but we will see how thing go. 

Val said she'd be back in a few minutes. When she returned, she was wearing new outfit, it was a white denim halter top that laced up the front and a pair of tight white denim jeans that laced up both sides from waistband to bottom hem of pants leg. It was obvious that she wearing nothing underneath. We all liked it. She walked around the room a couple times and said she'd be right back.

I was getting excited wondering what she might wear next. I hear her start down the stairs, as did everyone. The first thing I saw was a lot of leg. She had on a tight short black dress and it had four-inch oval cutouts up and down both sides. You knew there was no way of wearing any underwear under that dress. I said, "Girl, it looks like that dress is all you have on."

She said, "Your right. What you see is all I'm wearing. Do you guys like this or should I take it back?"

Of course everybody liked it, and told her to keep it. We'd be crazy fools if we didn't. Val walked around the room a bit and came over to me and told me the new lingerie was next. My dick was hard just thinking of the possibilities.

After she left John asked me was she said. I smiled and told them she said that her new lingerie was next. Everybody got quite and sat down. I guess they were all getting boners to and had sat down to hide them. The game had restarted and in the third quarter now. We all were watching the game but all interest seemed to be on the stairs and waiting for Valerie to come down and to see just what she would be wearing.

The moment of truth arrived. We all faced the stairs when she asked if we were ready. She had on a red satin bra and thong panty set. She looked great in it. She told me later that she had to put a little tissue paper in her panties to keep from staining them. She said she checked her pussy as she got dressed and it was wet. Before she left to go upstairs again she made all the guys promise never to tell any of their friends or their wives what was going on her today or they would never see her like this again.

She came down later in a black and white satin bra and panty outfits also. The next outfit made everybody sit up straight. It was a tiny white lace top and g-string bottom. You could just see her barely covered her nipples though the top and you could just make out Val's slit through her panties. She said she had one more thing to show us. She turned and we watched her almost naked ass, but for a string up her crack, go up the stairs. 

Glenn made a suggestion that we put the chairs in a circle. We all like the idea so when Val returned we had put all the chairs in a circle near the foot of the stairs. When she came down the stairs, she laughed and said, "I see you all are ready for me." I almost fell out of my chair. She was wearing a very short black see-thru negligee she had owned for a few years but had never worn; under it was the sheer black g-string that came with it. She was about as close to being naked as possible.

She did a little twirl in the center of us then said, "This thing is so light and comfortable, I feel like I have nothing on." "And if you don't mind I think I'll leave it on for a while." Then she walked up to me and had me stand up. She then grabbed my crotch and said, "I see you like it." She stayed down stairs with us for about half an hour. She never sat down; she just walked around standing close to all of us, while we sat, allowing us to get good close-up looks at her tits and ass. 

She then left the room saying she was hungry and was going to make her a sandwich and would be back in a little while.

She told me later, what she really did was to go upstairs to the living room and masturbate. She said she was hoping somebody would come upstairs and catch her and somebody did but she didn't look to see who it was. I told her I wondered why it took Terry so long to go to his car. She smiled and said, "So it was Terry. I'll have to thank him for helping me get off."

When the game was over, she meet us at the front door and gave everybody a hug, still wearing the negligee, but minus the panties, and said she enjoyed the afternoon and that maybe we could do it again someday. As soon as the door was shut, she grabbed my still hard dick and said that she needed to take care of that for me. She got on her knees, pulled down my pants and sucked me off right there by the front door. Then we went upstairs where I ate her pussy while see still wore that negligee and when she got me hard again. I put her on her stomach and put a pillow under her to raise her ass and fucked the hell out of that hot, wet pussy.

