Madison
by Demonhead
Copyright© 2021 by Demonhead

Chapter 24: Monday

Brad poured himself another cup of coffee and looked at his phone. Katie was not down yet, and he really should head to work soon. He was starting to walk towards the stairs when he saw her coming slowly down the stairs. She did not look good. Her hair was a mess, and she was moving really slow. He sat down at the table and watched her pour a cup of coffee and then sit down.

“Got home a little late last night?” Brad said and took a sip.

“Brad, I am so sorry. I sort of lost track of time.” Katie said and held the warm cup in her hands.

“I figured; sorry I was out when you got back. I tried to stay up.” Brad said.

“I am really sorry; I will make it up to you tonight.” She said and smiled at him.

“So, are you going to tell me about it?” Brad said and she took a deep breath.

“Are you sure, you don’t have to go to work?” She said.

“Honey, the next best thing to watching you get fucked by Aaron is to hear about it so my schedule can wait. I will message Alex to cancel my 8:00.” Brad said and took another sip of coffee.

“You know you are an amazing husband.” She said.

“Yes, I know. How far did you get into his apartment before he fucked you the first time?” Brad said and leaned back in his chair. She chuckled.

“Not very far. First, I hung my panties from the rearview mirror after we dropped off Madison. I am always so worked up after her visits and now with Sam involved it is even worse. He played with me all the way to his place, I came once in the front seat and was pretty close to another when we got there.” She said.

“Panties on the rearview mirror, nice touch.” Brad said.

“Yeah, so we walked into the apartment, and I put my phone down on the table. He walked up behind me, and I felt his hardness on my back. I felt bad for him, the little devil straddled him while she kissed him, and I saw her grinding on his cock. He was like steel. I reached around and felt him through his pants. He pushed me forward onto the table, and I laid there. He flipped my skirt up and put his hands between my legs. I was so wet he slid his finger into me easily. It felt nice.” She said and took another sip of coffee.

“I may have to cancel my 9:00 as well.” Brad said and she laughed.

“He shoved that monster into me, and it went in like butter, I was so wet. I felt him push against my ass and then he grabbed my hips and started to punish me. He was slamming into me over and over, it was marvelous.” She said and she felt a shiver run through her.

“I can see that. I do love it when he doesn’t hold back.” Brad said.

“Yeah, this was raw fucking. He did not last long and filled me. I realized then that I would have to stop this for a while if you were serious about having a baby. Were you? Serious?” She said and looked at him.

“Yes, if you feel you are ready, I am as well. I love what Madison has brought out in you; you are going to be a wonderful mother.” Brad said.

“Good, because when I realized that last night, I told myself I was going to get my fill of that cock. I decided I was going to fuck him until he threw me out. So, after he finished at the table, he helped me up and he got us some beers and we sat on the couch. We talked about Madison for a little while and I saw his cock pushing against his pants. I stood up and took off my shirt, bra, and skirt. He watched me closely and his cock was now really hard. I knelt and took off his pants. When I pulled off his underwear, I grabbed that massive black cock and started to do my magic.” Katie said and smiled.

“You are still the queen.” Brad said and Katie giggled.

“So, I sucked him for a while and then I climbed into his lap. I sat down on that massive tool, and it felt like it was in my stomach. You know I love that position, I held onto his shoulders and started moving up and down slowly. It felt so good, I could move my hips, so he touched places that didn’t get too much action. It did not take me long to cum, I sat on his lap and vibrated through an orgasm with that log buried in my body. He held me until I stopped shaking and I laid against his chest. He wrapped his arms around me and held me for a few minutes.” She said and got up to get another coffee.

“You know you will have to help me before I leave, or I may hurt Alex when I get to the office.” Brad said and she laughed.

“Well, we wouldn’t want that, I like Alex, and I will need someone to fuck Aaron until we are pregnant.” She said.

“I am pretty sure it won’t take long; I think I will be really good at breeding.” Brad said.

“Really, so have you bred many women?” Katie said and sat down.

“No, but I have practiced a lot and the idea of putting a baby in you is enough to keep me hard constantly.” Brad said.

“Relax cowboy, I have to get off the pill first and it may take a while for my body to get back to normal.” Katie said.

“When are you going to stop?” He said.

“I have 2 pills left in the cycle; I will stop after that. You know one of the side effects is increased libido. Your dick may fall off.” She said.

“I am up for the challenge. Okay, you are sitting on Aaron’s cock, I am assuming you are not done.” Brad said.

“Nope, so I sat on him for a while, he stayed hard in me. I put my hands back on his shoulders and started to bounce again. I was pulling most of the way off him, so the strokes were long and deep. My legs started to get tired, so he grabbed my hips and held me in place as he pounded me from below. I had never felt that before and I felt myself getting worked up again. He held the rhythm for about 5 minutes and then he dropped me and pushed me down, it felt like his cock was in my chest. I felt him shake and I knew he was filling me again. I collapsed on him.” She said.

“Baby, I will never get tired of hearing and seeing this.” Brad said and rubbed his cock.

“I love you. You do know most husbands would not sit there and listen to their wives tell them about fucking a black man multiple times.” Katie said.

“Yep, and most men would not be worthy of you.” Brad said and Katie smiled.

“I am going to suck you dry in a few minutes. I may call Alex and warn her, you are going to be thinking about this all day.” She said.

“Yeah, that might be a good idea.” He said.

“Where was I? Oh yeah, on the couch. Well, we both needed to rest then so we went into his bedroom and fell asleep in his bed. I woke up and started rubbing his cock. I moved down so I could get a closer look and watched it get hard as I stroked it. It was a magical sight. I looked up and he was smiling at me. I told him I needed him to fuck me hard this time and his eyes lit up. I laid back on the bed and spread my legs. He was kneeling and stroking his cock. My pussy was leaking as I watched that. He moved forward and then slid into me slowly. I gasped as that huge thing split me again. He pushed all the way in and then he grabbed my legs and put them on his shoulders. He started fucking me nice and slow and I was now losing my mind. I think I screamed at him, and he grabbed my legs and pushed them towards my chest. He was fucking harder now, and it felt like he was going to drive me through the bed.” Katie said and took another sip.

“God, that is so fucking hot.” Brad said.

“Yes, it was, and it got better. He pushed my knees into the bed and now he was drilling straight down into me. I had never felt that much power, it was like a bookcase was falling on me over and over again. I tried to take a breath as he pulled out because it felt like he was knocking the breath out of me when he drove down. He fucked me for a long time, this was the one that messed me up. I had trouble walking after that, I am still a little sore. Fortunately, he came before he broke me and then he fell over. He apologized for at least 10 minutes, and I tried to tell him I was alright.” Katie said.

“Son of a bitch, are you ok now?” Brad said.

“My hips are sore, and my pussy is still a little swollen. He wasn’t even done yet.” Katie said.

“What? No way. Four times?” Brad said.

“If you remember our little devils sucked four orgasms out of him on Saturday.” Katie said and Brad tried to remember.

“Wow, I guess I didn’t realize. That is superhuman. Honey, I can’t do that.” Brad said and she got up and sat in his lap.

“I don’t want you to do that. Women don’t need to get fucked four times in a day. I will be happy with two times.” She said and he laughed.

“As long as Madison is not around, I should be fine. What happened next?” He said.

“Ok, so now I am thinking we are done. We got up and got dressed. I was walking a little funny and he felt bad. He got me a beer and we sat at the table and talked. He opened up about Madison and told me how he felt about her wanting him to fuck her. We talked about her issue with Barr and both of us totally understand.” She said and she saw Brad lower his head. She grabbed his head and looked at him.

“Don’t do that. She does not blame you. She understands what she did, much more than a 14-yr-old should. The only issue she has is that she can’t come to terms with him being the only one that has done that to her. She can only see him when the topic comes up or she thinks about it. It will take time for her to get over it, but she will. She loves you and actually she told me she was glad you were there and you helped her through it.” Katie said.

“Yeah, it will take me a while to get over it as well. I see her face as he took her, it is burned into my brain.” Brad said and Katie hugged him.

“Do you want to hear the rest, or have you had enough?” Katie said.

“I am curious about how he was able to recover again.” Brad said.

“Well, I may have had something to do with that. I made him tell me everything she did to him in the front seat, she really is a little vixen. So, he was talking about that, and I felt myself getting a little worked up again. That little girl is going to drive us all insane. I started to tease him a little and then I went to the refrigerator to get some more beers. I bent over and told him I couldn’t find them, and I may have used my little girl voice. The next thing I know he is behind me, and he drove that cock into me again. I grabbed the counter as he was ripping into my sore pussy. The soreness went away temporarily as he fucked me, and I moved my hand down and found my clit. I was close, and I came hard as he pounded me. He came soon after that and he had to hold me up.” Katie said.

“That has to be the hottest thing I have ever heard.” Brad said.

“He had to carry me to the car and then he carried me into the house and put me in our bed. Good thing you are a heavy sleeper. He had to take off my clothes and put on my nightgown. You didn’t wake up and I was glad, I smelled like cum, and I was a hot mess. Not that it is any better now but at least everything dried up.” She said and he kissed her on the cheek.

“I love the way you smell, even when you smell like sex. I was awake last night; it was incredibly hot to see a huge black man bringing my well-fucked wife home and putting her in bed.” Brad said and she hit him on the arm.

“You could have said something.” Katie said.

“What, no way, you smelled like cum.” Brad said and she stared at him.

“You are a weird, weird man.” She said.

“Can I go to work now, or did you fuck him again after he put you in bed?” Brad said.

“Not yet, I have some work to do.” She said and slid off his lap and onto her knees.

Katie unzipped him and fished his cock out of his pants. She swallowed him and took him into her throat immediately. She pushed hard and smashed her face against his crotch. She heard him moan. She pulled back slowly, loving the way it felt as he exited her throat. She kissed the head and swirled her tongue around him as her hand moved slowly up and down. She knew this would not take too long after that story. She ran her tongue down his shaft and then back up and swallowed him again. As she pulled back and the head was still in her mouth he fired a huge load, filling her mouth.

She swallowed all his seed, the same seed that would put a life into her in a few weeks. She wondered what that would feel like. The excitement was overwhelming, she really could not wait. She cleaned his cock and then put it back where she found it and zipped him up.

“There you go, all clean and ready to go.” She said and put her head on his leg.

“Ok, honey, I really need to go.” He said and she looked up at him.

“I can’t get up, can you put me on the couch?” Katie said and he picked her up immediately.

He carried her to the couch and laid her down. He felt bad but he had to admit it was exciting to think of why she was sore.

“Honey, do you want me to stay home?” Brad said.

“No way, you will sit around and want to fuck me all day. You need to go to work and let me rest. Feel free to use Alex to blow off some steam, don’t come home all horny.” Katie said and he hugged her.

“I love you.” He said.

“I know, can you bring me a cup of coffee, the remote, and my phone?” She said and he scampered off to the kitchen.

He really was a great man, and she was very lucky. Funny how she never really saw that until a few weeks ago. Their lives seemed so much fuller now and she knew exactly why as she remembered the long dark silky hair that she loved to brush. Brad brought her all her stuff and kissed her. He left and she picked up her phone.

“Hello.” Aaron said.

“Good morning, you need to get over here. I can’t move after yesterday and I figure you put me in this situation so you can come over and take care of me. Also, don’t even think of sticking that thing anywhere in me. I am sore all over.” Katie said.

“Yes, ma’am. Do you need anything?” Aaron said.

“Nope, just a foot rub at the moment.” Katie said.

“Be there in 15.” Aaron said.

“Thanks.” She said and hung up. She closed her eyes and thought of black cock and babies.

Madison woke up and stretched, she looked at her clock and saw she only had a little while to get ready. She jumped out of bed and walked to the bathroom. Her shower perked her up and she walked back into her room wrapped in a towel. She was excited for school today, her weekend with Sam had her feeling good. She remembered some of the things she said and felt a tingle in her body. She pulled out her green lace bra and panties.

She sat on the bed and slipped her panties up her legs. She loved the way they fit. She dropped the towel and put on her bra. She walked over and looked through her closet. She pulled out a red plaid skirt, Mr. Thomas would like this. She grabbed a white shirt and carried them to her bed. She put on the shirt and then the skirt, tucking in the shirt. She stood in front of the mirror as she brushed her hair. She put it in a single pony and opened two buttons on her shirt. She remembered what Katie had said but it would stay at two for now.

She grabbed some socks and went downstairs. Her daddy was sitting at the kitchen table, dressed and drinking coffee. He was reading the paper. She sat in the chair at the table.

“Good morning, honey. You look nice today, very traditional.” Henry said and she giggled.

“Yes, very catholic schoolgirl today. Is it ok?” She said and slipped on a sock.

“Baby, you would look cute in a paper bag. It looks great.” Henry said.

“Thanks daddy, you look nice today too.” She said, slipping on her other sock.

“Yes, I was going for traditional businessman today, did I pull it off?” He said and she giggled again. He loved starting his day with that laugh. It would be a good day.

“You definitely did. I have practice today; coach is going to be a little nuts since we will be at Jefferson Saturday. I am not sure what time I will be home.” She said.

“That is fine sweetheart, If I get tied up, I will pick something up for dinner. So, your day with Jordan was good yesterday?” Henry said.

“Yes, it was cool. She is really sweet, and her friends are cool. I was nervous at first because they are all seniors, but they turned out to be a lot of fun. Jordan wants to hang out again on Tuesday.” She said and popped some bread into the toaster.

“That sounds great, honey. It is cool that you are making friends at another school. Will it feel weird running against them after hanging out with them?” Henry said.

“You know, I hadn’t thought about that. Josie is the only other one that runs the 5K, but she runs in the middle of the pack. It will be weird running against Jordan now, I always considered her the enemy but now it feels different.” Madison said and carried her toast to the table.

“I bet when that gun goes off you will go into compete mode.” Henry said.

“Maybe so. Are you ready for your meeting?” Madison said, remembering that he was meeting with Mr. Barr today. His mean face ran through her head.

“Yes, sweetie, they said he was tough, but I think I am ready.” Henry said.

“You will do great daddy.” Madison said.

“Thanks baby. I have to get going, you have a great day at school, and I will see you this afternoon.” He said and kissed her on the forehead.

“You have a great day at work, daddy, I love you.” Madison said as he walked to the door.

“Love you too, baby girl.” Henry said and walked out, closing the door behind him.

“If you have trouble with Barr, I can just let him stick his cock in me again.” She mumbled as she finished her toast.

She put her plate in the sink and grabbed her backpack. She unbuttoned the third button and slung the backpack over her shoulder. She locked the door and headed over to see her favorite neighbor.

Barry Jones sat on his swing and thought of Madison’s wonderful tits. They were frozen on his computer screen at the moment. He was looking forward to going back in and staring at them again after he experienced the real thing. He saw her leave her house and start to walk over. The schoolgirl look was strong today, he knew it would be nice when he watched her get dressed, but it surpassed even his expectations as she walked up onto his porch.

“Good morning, Mr. Jones. Where’s Roscoe?” She said, putting down her backpack and giving him a nice look at teenage cleavage and green lace.

“He is sleeping in; his new medicine wipes him out. He will be ready and raring to go this afternoon.” He said as she sat on the swing. He loved the way her thighs looked in this skirt.

“That’s too bad, I love his energy in the morning. You will just have to make up for it.” She said and smiled at him.

“I am not going to lick your legs and jump into your lap.” Barry said and she laughed and leaned back in the swing, her skirt pulling up more.

“Mr. Jones, you are so funny. Thank you for making me laugh, it feels good.” She said.

“At your service, my princess.” He said and she laughed again. It was a special laugh and it made him think of his wife.

“I am going to need some hot chocolate this afternoon. I am thinking practice will be hard today.” She said and opened a fourth button on her shirt. He saw her entire bra now and a little of her cute stomach. She sat up and smiled at him, her legs dangling off the swing.

“Um, you know sweetie, I will make you hot chocolate just because you ask.” He said and she frowned.

“You don’t like my bra?” She said.

“That is not what I said, it is lovely, but you don’t have to show it to me to get chocolate. I am not complaining though, it is a very pretty bra.” He said and she giggled.

“You are funny, you have seen me in my bathing suit and that is actually smaller, but I can see it in your eyes how excited you get when you see this.” She said and opened her shirt more.

“You are right, it is funny but that is beautiful, and I will never get tired of seeing it, no matter how many times I see you in your bikini, which is also very beautiful.” He said.

“I love you Mr. Jones, you make me smile and feel good.” Madison said.

“I love you too Madison, you make me feel good as well.” Barry said and realized how true that was.

She stood up and moved in front of him. He looked down at her and she was precious, her shirt hanging open, that skirt, those legs and those cute feet. She was a vision. He drew in a breath when she climbed onto his lap and put her arms around his neck, looking at him. Her eyes were bright, and her lips seem to be pulling him towards her. She moved forward and kissed him. He felt her tongue slide into his mouth and move against his. He put his arms on her sides and held her.

“You are a great kisser.” She said as she pulled back.

“You are too.” He said and wondered how a 14-yr-old was so good at kissing.

She crawled off him and stood between his legs.

“Mr. Jones, can you button my shirt?” She said.

He reached forward and buttoned the fourth and third buttons on her shirt. He straightened it out and just a hint of cleavage was showing but none of the bra. It was just as hot even without the bra being visible.

“You don’t want anyone else to see it?” She said.

“Nope, it is all mine.” He said and she giggled.

“Ok, sounds good to me.” She said and picked up her backpack.

“Have a great day, Madison.” He said, still feeling her on his lips.

“You too, Mr. Jones, I will see you this afternoon.” She said and turned to walk down the porch.

He watched her walk across his yard. She looked back at him once more as she reached the sidewalk and walked out of his vision. He sat and thought of that amazing bra and that cleavage. Why was that so hot when he had her bare breasts on his computer screen? He did not know but he decided to just roll with it, touching his lips with his finger. He stood up and was looking forward to filling another Kleenex.

Madison got to Sam’s house and waited at the end of her walk. She looked around and saw a few people out in their yards. There was an older lady working in her flower bed next door. Too bad Sam did not have a Mr. Jones. She looked back at the door and Sam was not there. She walked up onto the porch and knocked lightly. The door opened slightly, and she saw half of Sam’s mom’s face.

“Madison sweetie Sam’s stomach is bothering her today. She will not be able to go to school.” She said softly.

“Ok, Mrs. Simmons, tell her I am thinking of her and will talk to her later.” Madison said.

“I will definitely do that. You have a good day, sweetheart.” Sarah said.

“Thanks, you too, Mrs. Simmons.” Madison said and she closed the door.

She walked off the porch and passed the car in the driveway as she made her way to the sidewalk. Madison walked to school, missing her friend, wishing she could have told her all about Jordan and her new friends. Now she was just walking in silence. The walk seemed longer than usual but she made it to school.

Mr. Thomas smiled as she walked into first period, she said hello to him as she passed his desk. He looked like he was already excited. She slid into her seat slowly and had to separate her legs a little as she put her books in her desk. She saw him looking and it gave her a shiver. Why was that so exciting to her? She wondered when that happened. She had been in Mr. Thomas’s class all year but only started noticing him looking at her the last few weeks. She felt like the week at the Thompsons opened her eyes. She wondered if he had been watching her all year. Now she wondered what other teachers had been watching her.

The bell rang and she struggled to get her books out of her desk, fortunately for Mr. Thomas this resulted in her legs separating a little bit more than usual and a pretty pair of green lace panties filled the eyes of Hank Thomas. His cock was hard as steel after watching the little teen temptress all period. He wondered if he was not actually teaching anymore but just going through the motions as he looked at those lovely thighs.

“See you at lunch, Mr. Thomas?” Madison said as she walked by, and he nodded.

Second period flew by as Madison daydreamed. She did not worry about this class; she had a 99 average, and it was just so easy. She took the period to think about her new life. She thought about Katie first and how happy she was when she was with her. She did not like the idea of only seeing Katie on the weekends. She then thought about Aaron and his huge cock. Would it actually fit inside her if he ever changed his mind? She was afraid it might really hurt. Mr. Barr’s cock was tiny, and she was pretty sure he did not prepare her for Aaron at all. She remembered the feel of his cock in her hand and thought about it between her legs. She shuddered at the thought, but she needed him to try.

She heard the bell and slowly walked to third period. This class was also easy for her, she was not sure what her average was, but she was not worried. She looked at her teacher and he was a young guy with frame glasses. He would be a nerd if he was a student, are there adult nerds? Superman wore those kinds of glasses, and he was not a nerd. She chuckled when she looked back at her teacher, he was no Superman. He was not looking at her at all, he either sat behind his desk or was writing on the wall. Maybe all the teachers were not looking at her, that made her feel a little better. She was not as oblivious as she thought.

The bell broke her daydreaming again. She grabbed her backpack and walked back to Mr. Thomas’s room. He was sitting at his desk working. He looked up when she walked in, and he smiled. She put down her backpack and pulled a stool over. It was about the height of his desk, and she crawled up on it. She knew her legs would be at eye level. She saw him struggling not to look but she kept her legs closed. She pulled out her lunch and sat it on her lap, spreading her legs a little to balance her sandwich.

“Mr. Thomas, how was your weekend?” She said and he was forced to look at her.

“It was fine Madison, I had to grade a lot of papers.” He said.

“Did you grade mine?” She said and took a bite of sandwich.

“Yes, in fact I did.” He said and looked back down after catching a glimpse of those cursed green panties.

“You didn’t hand them out, what did I make?” She said.

“I think it was an 80.” He said and pulled out a paper, handing it to her.

“Mr. Thomas, I don’t like making an 80, can I do some extra credit to bring up the grade?” She said.

“I don’t know, what kind of extra credit could you do?” He said nervously. She looked around the room and he looked between her legs.

“Do you have any errands or work I could do in here that would be worth a few points?” She said and he swallowed.

“Well, my desk drawer is stuck. I have put in a work order, but I have been waiting for two weeks.” He said.

“I can do that, what is wrong with it?” She said. He rubbed his forehead and wondered if he was writing his death warrant, or at least his jail sentence. Those fucking green panties were clouding his judgement.

“I think something is jammed, I would crawl under there, but I don’t fit.” He said and rubbed his large belly. Madison giggled and it somehow made him feel better.

“I am small, I can fit under there. Let me finish my sandwich.” She said and took another bite.

“Ok, that would be a great help, I have some stuff in there that I really need.” He said.

“Cool, so how many points is that worth?” She said and he smiled.

“You are quite the negotiator, aren’t you?” He said.

“Well, you know I would do it for nothing but a few points on that test wouldn’t hurt. But if you don’t feel right about it that’s ok.” She said, finishing her sandwich and collecting her trash.

“5 points for trying, 10 if you fix it.” He said.

“Deal.” She said and jumped off the stool.

He stood up and she saw he was excited. His pants showed his cock, it looked relatively big but not near as big as Aaron’s. She wondered if that was fair to measure everyone by Aaron. She smiled that she was able to get him excited and walked around the desk.

“It is the bottom one on this side. I think something is stuck in the roller. You will have to scoot under, I will get a towel, so you don’t get dirty.” He said and walked to his cabinets.

Madison looked down and was happy the drawer was the opposite side of the door. She was pretty sure that when she scooted under the desk her panties would be very visible. At least she wouldn’t be flashing anyone in the hallway. He walked over and spread out a towel.

“If you lay down on that you can scoot under, and you won’t get your clothes all dusty.” He said.

She chuckled and thought of another way she would not get her clothes dirty, but she didn’t think Mr. Thomas was ready for that. She wasn’t sure she was ready for that. Sam was right, she was different now. She was thinking of taking off her clothes in Mr. Thomas’s classroom. She sat on the towel and laid down. Her head was on the towel, and it was big enough, so her butt was also on it.

“Ok, here goes.” She said and she bent her knees and pushed herself under the desk.

Mr. Thomas watched the young girl slide under the desk. She had to bend her legs so she could push herself. Now she was under the desk all the way to her belly. Her legs were still bent, and her skirt fell down to her waist. He was staring at her panties and her bare legs. Her legs were spread a little, so he saw her mound. He was able to look closely at the panties and he saw that they were a little shear. He was pretty sure her pussy was smooth, he felt like he would see hair if there was any. His poor cock was about to burst.

“Mr. Thomas, there is a piece of paper jammed in here. Can you get me some scissors?” Madison said.

“Sure, hang on.” He said and grabbed his scissors.

He knelt and saw her looking at him. He held the scissors out and she grabbed them.

“Thanks, I should be able to get it with these.” She said.

He saw her struggling to clear the paper and her legs moved around as she tried to get leverage. This caused her legs to spread a little more and he was mesmerized. He could not believe what he was seeing. Her legs were really pretty but seeing them wide open and those pretty panties right there was beautiful. He tried to burn the image into his brain and then he saw his phone on his desk. His brain screamed no but his cock was in control. He picked up the phone, hit the camera app, and hit record.

“Mr. Thomas, I almost have it.” She said and he heard a grunt.

Her legs moved again, and he saw her pressing with her feet against the floor to get leverage. Her thigh muscles flexed and that made this even hotter. He was looking forward to watching this recording on his big screen television tonight. Yes, that would be awesome. Her legs spread a little more and he took a deep breath.

“Got it.” He heard her say and her legs relaxed.

He saw her trying to get out. He was still recording.

“Mr. Thomas, can you help me? Can you pull the towel?” She said and he knelt between her legs. He moved the camera as close as he could without her seeing it.

He stopped the recording and grabbed the towel. To grab it he had to bend down, bringing his face within about a foot of her crotch. He paused and then started to pull slowly. She came out and was now looking at him as he was kneeling between her legs. She smiled and sat up. He stood and helped her to her feet. She straightened her skirt and then brushed the back to get any dust off. She turned around.

“Mr. Thomas, do I have any dirt on my back?” She said. He stared at her wonderful ass and those legs.

“Nope, clean as a whistle.” He said.

“Thanks, so try the drawer.” She said and he scurried around. He pulled the drawer and it opened easily. She clapped.

“So, Mr. Thomas, was that worth 10 points?” She said.

“Yes, Madison, that was worth 10 points.” He said and she smiled.

She picked up her backpack and slung it over her shoulder. She stepped forward and hugged him.

“Thank you for letting me eat lunch in here. It is a lot more fun than that cafeteria.” She said.

“No problem, Madison, you are welcome anytime. You can be my personal fixer.” He said.

“That sounds like fun. I will see you tomorrow.” She said and turned to walk out.

“Goodbye Madison.” He said and she waved. He sat at his desk and wondered when he could watch the video. He looked at the clock and grabbed his phone.

Madison walked to fourth period and thought of Mr. Thomas’s face when he was between her legs. She was pretty sure he took a picture of her panties; his phone was in a different place when she stood up. So now maybe there would be a picture of her panties on Mr. Thomas’s nightstand. She smiled and felt a little shiver when she thought of that.

The rest of her classes flew by, and she paid attention in only one of them. Science was hard for her, and her teacher was no fun. She looked like she was 100 years old and was constantly frowning. She was glad that class was over, it was harder today without Sam. She was in that class with her and helped her get through class in addition to learning the material. Sam was very good in science. She reached the dressing room and went in. It felt strange being by herself, she so rarely was. A few of the other girls talked to her when they noticed Sam was not there. They were sweet.

She thought she ran well, but coach pulled her aside halfway through practice.

“Madison, how do you feel today?” Coach Wilson said.

“Fine coach.” Madison said.

“Good, you ran a great race on Saturday. I was very proud of you.” Coach said.

“Thanks Coach, you and Sam helped a lot.” Madison said.

“Well, you did the hard work, you have been running so good. I think you may have a chance to finish good at state.” Coach said.

“Really? I am just a freshman and there will be a lot of great runners there.” Madison said.

“I think if you keep running the way you have you can finish in the top ten. I am not sure there are many freshmen that have done that.” Coach said.

“Wow, that would be awesome.” Madison said.

“State is in three weeks; we have the meet at Jefferson and then district. The Jefferson one will be a challenge, their team always runs strong on their own track. District should not be too bad, your times lately have you easily in the top 3.” Coach said.

“Thanks Coach, I will be ready.” Madison said and ran off down the track.

Coach Wilson watched her run off, he knew she would be challenged this week. Jefferson was very tough on their home track. He liked her chances at district if she kept up her times. State was a different story, if she finished top 10, he would be very pleased. He had never had a runner finish top 10 in state in anything and now he was looking at this tiny freshman as maybe being his first? He scratched his head and walked back towards the shotput guys.

Madison ran her last few laps thinking about Jordan and her friends. She was looking forward to running against them this week, she thought it would be more fun now that she was friends with them. Then she thought of Sam and hoped she would be ok. Then Mr. Barr and his slimy hair crossed her mind and she immediately thought of Aaron. His face crossed her head and then his cock, she felt a tingle between her legs. Would it fit? She was hoping she would find out soon.

Madison took a long shower; her muscles were really sore. Coach was really working on endurance; she had run more laps today then she ever had. She felt the warm water rolling over her tired body and she just wanted to stay there. Sam wasn’t here so there was no hurry. She thought about Mr. Jones sitting on his swing and waiting for her. She felt sad today without Sam, maybe Mr. Jones would cheer her up. The hot chocolate would definitely make her feel better. She turned off the water and walked back to her locker.

Most of the girls were gone, she heard a couple of girls from the next row and then she saw them walk out. She slipped on her panties and then pulled out the rest of her clothes. She could not find her bra or her socks. She finally found her socks and then turned to see if her bra was mixed up with her other clothes. She heard movement and stood up to see a huge black janitor standing at the end of the aisle, looking at her. She froze as she stood there in just her panties. She felt her nipples harden and then she put her arm over them.

“I am so sorry miss, I thought everyone was gone.” The janitor said and held his arm over his eyes.

“It’s ok, I took a really long shower, I will be finished in a minute or so.” Madison said.

“Ok, I am sorry, very sorry. I will be in the hall.” He said and walked quickly out of the locker room.

Madison stood there for a few seconds, holding her stiff nipples. He looked very embarrassed, but she felt a little shiver running through her. What was wrong with her? Shouldn’t she feel something other than excitement that a man saw her practically naked. She sat down and slipped on her socks and shoes. She snapped on her skirt and then slipped on her shirt. She could not find her bra, so she decided she didn’t need it for the walk home. She thought of the last time she did not wear a bra home, she wondered if it would rain again.

She buttoned her shirt, leaving the three buttons open. She looked down and without a bra the insides of her boobs were definitely visible. She grabbed her backpack and pulled it out of her locker, her bra fell to the floor. She grabbed it and shoved it in her backpack and slung it over her shoulder. She walked to the door and wondered if the man was outside. She looked down at her shirt and figured he had already seen her boobs, so it really didn’t matter. She pushed the door open and saw him immediately.

“Miss, I am so sorry. Please forgive me.” He said and she saw his eyes. They looked terrified.

“It’s ok, really. It was a mistake.” She said and touched his arm. He flinched.

“My name is Madison, what is yours?” She said and he looked at her with a confused look in his eyes.

“Joshua.” He said softly.

“Hi Joshua, it is nice to meet you.” Madison said and took his hand. She felt him squeeze her hand softly.

“Nice to meet you, Miss Madison. It won’t happen again, I promise.” Joshua said.

“Joshua, it is really ok. You have already seen most of me so if it happens again there would be nothing new, right?” Madison said and now he looked really confused.

“Ok.” He said softly.

“Have a good night, Joshua, I will see you tomorrow.” Madison said and dropped his hand. She turned and walked out of the door. He watched her until the door closed. Joshua Sulley was going to see those little titties in his dreams tonight.

Madison walked home and thought about the janitor and his face when he was looking at her. He saw her boobs for sure and also her panties. Those same panties that all the teachers worked so hard to see. Joshua got to see them completely and her boobs as a bonus. She was looking forward to seeing Joshua tomorrow and see if his eyes had that familiar look. She saw Mr. Jones’ house and him sitting on the swing, suddenly aware of her breasts bouncing slightly behind her shirt as she walked.

Barry Jones watched his cute neighbor walk across his lawn and noticed immediately that she was not wearing a bra. He saw her young boobs moving behind her shirt. Unfortunately, there was no rain so all he could see was movement, but his imagination could fill in the rest. She walked up on his porch and over to him. She put her backpack down, confirming her lack of bra. He saw most of her boobs as she bent over slightly. She sat on the swing and started taking off her shoes and socks.

“How are you, Mr. Jones?” Madison said and looked up at him, her shirt falling open slightly.

“Good, how was your day?” He said and tried to look at her face.

“It was long. Sam was sick so I was sad today.” She said and sat up on the swing, her bare feet swinging.

“I am sorry, is she ok?” Barry said.

“I don’t know, all her mom said was that her stomach was bothering her. She doesn’t have a phone so I can’t even text her.” Madison said, her face sad.

“I am sure she will be ok; she is a strong girl.” Barry said, trying to cheer her up.

“Yeah, I hope so.” Madison said. She turned and put her feet on his lap. Barry looked down to see two incredibly cute feet with ten pink toes.

“Mr. Jones, will you give me a foot massage. Practice was really hard, and they are so sore.” She said.

“Absolutely, I will do my best.” Barry said and grabbed her right foot with both hands. He slowly squeezed and rubbed on the small foot.

“Oh, that feels so good.” She said and closed her eyes. She leaned back and Barry looked up her skirt to see those beautiful green panties.

“Do you have a big meet this weekend?” Barry said.

“Yes, we are at Jefferson and coach is very worried, so he is being very hard on us.” Madison said, her eyes still closed.

“Jefferson, hmm, that girl should be motivated to beat you at her home track.” Barry said, running his fingers between her toes.

“Her name is Jordan, and she is my friend now. We hung out together at the mall yesterday.” Madison said.

“Really, that is interesting. How do you feel about that now? You have been racing against her hard for the last three weeks.” Barry said, moving to her left foot.

“I don’t know. Daddy says that I will forget everything when the gun goes off. I guess we will see.” Madison said.

“That will be interesting, I can’t wait to see it.” Barry said and she opened her eyes.

“Good, you are coming.” Madison said.

“Yes, baby, I will be at everything. Aaron said to call him, and I plan on taking him up on that.” Barry said, pulling gently on her toes.

“Thank you, Mr. Jones. You are a great friend and a good foot rubber.” Madison said.

“Thank you, would you like some hot chocolate?” Barry said and she looked at him.

“I do, but I don’t have a pretty bra today.” She said and held her shirt open slightly. He could see half of her boobs.

“I see that, what happened?” He said.

“I couldn’t find it after my shower. It fell out of my locker when I pulled out my backpack and I was already dressed.” She said.

“Well, that was a fortunate turn of events, at least for me.” Barry said, nervously.

“Mr. Jones, do you like me without a bra?” Madison said, the evil smile returned.

“Yes, I do. I like you no matter what you are wearing but I do prefer the no-bra look.” Barry said and she smiled.

“You did like it that day when it rained, and I got wet twice.” She said.

“Yes, that was a good day.” He said.

“It didn’t rain today.” She said and moved her fingers to her shirt.

“No, it did not.” He said, his eyes focused on her small fingers as they played around the buttons on her shirt.

“Are you sad?” She said and he saw her unbutton the fourth button. Her shirt opened more, and she pulled it gently. He saw her nipples appear.

“Madison, you don’t have to do that.” Barry said, trying to stay calm as he saw her firm nipples appear. They were beautiful and much better than on a computer screen.

“I know, but I really like hot chocolate.” She said and smiled, holding her shirt open for her neighbor.

“Well, you look to be paid in full. I would like to sit here for a little while longer, I have some feet to finish rubbing. She chuckled.

“Mr. Jones, you are bad.” She said and leaned back, closing her eyes.

Barry Jones rubbed on the cutest feet he had ever held in his hands and stared at two of the most perfect breasts he had ever seen in person. He tried to remember what his wife’s boobs looked like when she was young, and they were pretty close to what he was looking at now. He smiled at his good fortune.

Madison leaned back in the swing. She was loving the foot rub and she loved the look in Mr. Jones eyes as he looked at her breasts. She figured it was the day for her breasts to be out since Joshua got a good look at them in the locker room. Mr. Jones was so cute, and he was really good at foot massage. She figured she could sit here as long as he wanted. She took a deep breath.

Barry talked himself into going inside. It was a tough argument, but he was actually starting to get a little worried since he had a 14-yr-old topless girl on his porch. He was pretty sure his bushes provided good coverage but now that the thought crossed his mind, he was nervous. He finished with her feet and touched her leg.

“Madison, we should go inside and get that chocolate before your daddy gets home.” He said softly. She opened her eyes.

“Ok.” She said and took her feet off his lap and turned to stand up.

She held out her hand and he took it. His little devil of a neighbor walked into his house, pulling him along. She sat in a kitchen chair and watched him make the hot chocolate.

“Mr. Jones, something happened in the locker room today.” Madison said and he turned to look at her.

“What happened, are you alright?” He said, suddenly worried.

“No, nothing like that. I was getting dressed and one of the janitors walked in. He thought everyone was out.” She said and she saw his eyes get big.

“What did he see?” Barry said.

“Pretty much what you are seeing. I only had my panties on.” She said. He took a deep breath as the scene flashed across his brain.

“How do you feel about that?” Barry said.

“I don’t know. I feel like I should have been embarrassed but it was kind of exciting. He was very cute; he was apologizing a lot.” Madison said.

“Is that why you did what you did today?” Barry said.

“Maybe, it feels the same now. Am I weird?” She said.

“No baby, you are not weird. You just have to be careful.” He said.

“What do you mean?” She said.

“Well, you are safe here, but some people could get the wrong idea and want to hurt you.” Barry said. He saw her face get sad.

“Oh, you are probably right. I guess I was lucky the janitor was a nice man.” She said.

“Yes.” He said and she looked at him with her head leaning on her hand. He walked over with the hot chocolates.

“Thanks Mr. Jones. For the chocolate and the talk.” She said and took a sip. He noticed her shirt was still open, most of her breasts visible.

“You are welcome.” He said.

“So, I need to make sure I am in a safe place with nice people.” She said.

“Yes, sweetie.” He said and she smiled.

“This place meets both of those.” She said.

“Yes, it does, and it always will.” He said.

“Good.” She said and drained the rest of her drink. Barry liked watching her throat move as she swallowed. Everything about this girl was cute. She stood and walked over to him. She crawled onto his lap, straddling his legs.

“Mr. Jones, do you think my boobs are pretty?” She said and he looked down.

“Madison, everything about you is pretty, your boobs included.” He said, continuing to stare at them. She chuckled.

“Can you stop staring at my boobs so I can kiss you?” She said and he looked up.

She leaned into him, and he felt her lips meet his. Her tongue slid into his mouth, and he put his arms around his young neighbor. She kissed him deeply for a few minutes. He remembered the makeout sessions from high school and this felt a lot like those. He never thought he would experience anything like that again, especially with an incredibly cute 14-yr-old.

Madison crawled off his lap and stood next to him. He looked a little flustered. She looked down and he was excited like Aaron and Mr. Thompson. She thought about helping him, but she was not sure. She did not want to mess up this friendship. She looked back at him.

“Mr. Jones, can you help me with my shirt again?” She said and he nodded.

“Isn’t it funny how your shirt seems to always need fixing at this house.” He said as he buttoned her up.

“Yes, it is weird. Good thing you are here to help me.” She said and chuckled.

“Yes, I will always be here to help you.” He said and straightened her shirt. She looked down and saw he had only left one button open.

“All yours?” She said.

“Yes ma’am.” He said and she giggled.

He followed her bare feet back out to his porch. She picked up her socks and shoes and her backpack and walked into him. He put his arms around her and hugged her.

“I love you, Mr. Jones.” She said, her face against his belly.

“I love you too, Madison.” He said.

She walked down his porch and across his yard. He was amazed at the change in his little Madison. He was not complaining by any means, but this was very interesting. He walked back into his house and grabbed his box of Kleenex. His cock was rock hard and all he could see were those cute little tits.

Madison walked into her room and dropped her backpack. She felt warm and she pulled off her shirt. She dropped her skirt and jumped on her bed. Her fan was blowing softly, and it felt nice. She rubbed across her nipples, and they were stiff. Joshua and Mr. Jones saw her boobs today, why did this excite her so much? She felt a shiver in her panties, and she slipped her hand inside. Her pussy was warm and wet. She slid her finger between her lips and remembered when Aaron did that to her on the front seat.

Madison closed her eyes and rubbed her warm pussy. Her other hand rubbed across her nipples and pinched them. She tried to imagine Aaron doing this to her, he had actually done this before. She remembered what his fingers felt like. She slid her finger inside her pussy, and it was soft and wet. Would Aaron’s huge cock fit in here? She hoped he changed his mind soon. She really wanted to look up and see his face as his cock slid into her.

With her eyes still closed, her fingers slid through her wetness and up to her button. She ran her finger around it and her nipples felt like they got harder. She pinched one and pulled, she heard herself gasp. She rubbed on her button, and she felt her body start to stiffen. She screamed as the orgasm hit her small body. She let herself go and she was bouncing on the bed as her body shook with pleasure. She rubbed and pinched to try and prolong this feeling. She saw Mr. Jones, Aaron, and then Joshua. She whimpered as the orgasm hit another level and the pleasure ripped through her. She felt her body start to recover and she pulled her hand out of her panties. Her nipples were still stiff but not as sensitive. She laid her arms at her sides and took deep slow breaths. Her body shivered a couple more times as she laid on her bed.

Henry walked in and did not see Madison. He figured she was upstairs doing her homework. He put his briefcase in his office and walked up the stairs. He walked down the hall and Madison’s door was open. He looked in and she was sitting at her desk with her laptop open. She looked up and saw him. She was wearing one of his t-shirts which on her was a dress.

“Hey daddy, how was your day?” Madison said.

“It was great baby. My meeting with Barr was really good. He is very pleased. He was very impressed with you. He said you and Brad were great negotiators and he would never have signed if not for you two. I have to admit I was very proud as he talked about you.” Henry said, crossing the room and hugging his daughter.

“That is good, daddy. I am glad he is happy.” Madison said, trying to stay calm as Barr’s evil face and slimy hair filled her head.

“What do you want for dinner?” He said and looked at her. She smiled at him.

“Pizza, it is. I will order and meet you downstairs.” Henry said and walked out.

Madison looked back at her homework, and she could not focus. Barr talked about her. Would he tell her daddy what she did? She didn’t think he would. She pulled her legs up and hugged them. She could feel him again between her legs. She closed her laptop and put up her homework, she would not be able to think about Math tonight.

“Hey, sweetheart, finish your homework?” Henry said as Madison walked down the stairs and plopped on the couch.

“I didn’t have very much.” She said, not really answering his question so she wouldn’t have to lie to her daddy.

“Pizza should be here soon, wanna watch a movie?” He said and she nodded. Maybe that would distract her from worrying about Barr.

Henry picked a comedy that they had seen before, and he knew Madison loved. She seemed down tonight, and he wanted to hear her pretty laugh. He saw her smile when the movie came on, good start.

The pizza arrived and they ate in the living room. Henry was able to hear his daughter laugh a lot, albeit most of the time through a mouthful of pizza, which made it even cuter. He was happy she was laughing and hoped he had helped her through whatever was bringing her down. He did not like seeing her sad, he saw it all too often after her mom left and he did not need to see it anymore.

“Daddy, thank you so much for the pizza and the movie. It was nice.” Madison said as she picked up his plate. He watched her as she walked into the kitchen in his old t-shirt. He was amazed at how cute she could be in a worn-out old shirt.

She walked back in the living room and stood next to him. He turned and she hugged him. He felt her firm breasts on the side of his head as she wrapped her arms around him. He had never noticed that before and his head was struggling to come to terms with his little girl growing up. She broke the hug and kissed him on the forehead.

“Good night, daddy. I am really tired.” She said.

“Good night, sweetie, have a good sleep.” He said and she walked up the stairs.

Madison felt her phone buzz as she got to the top of the stairs. She looked at the screen and it was a text from Jordan. She smiled as she read it.

“Hey, did you have a good day?” Jordan texted.

“Yes, you?” Madison texted back.

“Not bad for a Monday. It is always tough getting up on Monday.” Jordan texted.

“Yeah, me too. You don’t have many more Mondays until you can pick your own classes.” Madison texted and then crawled into her bed.

“True. I can’t wait. No more 8:00 classes for this girl.” Jordan texted.

“LOL, I have a bunch more ... ugh.” Madison texted.

“Why do I feel like you don’t mind getting up early?” Jordan texted and Madison smiled.

“Guilty, sorry. I am much more of a morning person.” Madison texted.

“I figured, I can’t picture you looking ragged and tired.” Jordan texted.

“You would be surprised, I look kind of ragged and tired right now.” Madison texted.

“It is too early to be ragged.” Jordan texted.

“There is a reason I don’t mind getting up early. I am not a night owl; I am already in bed and about ready to pass out.” Madison texted.

“You may grow out of that.” Jordan texted.

“Maybe. What do you want to do tomorrow?” Madison texted.

“Not sure yet, do you like animals?” Jordan texted.

“Yes, I do.” Madison texted.

“Cool, my uncle has a farm and I need to drop something off to him. I thought I could pick you up on the way and we can hang out there for a while. He loves giving tours.” Jordan texted.

“That sounds like a lot of fun.” Madison texted.

“Good, I will pick you up around 4:00.” Jordan texted.

“Ok, I will be at my neighbor’s house, I usually hang out with him until my daddy gets home. He is next door.” Madison texted.

“Ok, see you tomorrow. Sleep well.” Jordan texted.

“Thanks, good night.” Madison texted.

She curled up under her covers and held her phone. She felt better after talking to Jordan. She did not see Barr’s face anymore. Now she saw Jordan’s sparkly eyes and thought of Josie and the rest of her friends. She felt a little excited to go to a farm, she did love animals. She thought of what kind of animals she might meet as her eyes closed.
