Best Laid Plans (Chapter Three)

By the time she could see the lights of Los Angeles, Willow had pretty much decided to just tell Angel how horrible she was and make sure he wouldn’t even want to hear why she had come to L.A. in the first place. If being afflicted with Anya for these few-but-seemingly-endless hours on the road wasn’t enough to convince her that the goddess was punishing her for buying that spell book, then nothing was. It seemed that no amount of high-priced premium gas or any number of extra purchases of fancy coffee and overpriced snack food by Willow to pacify the greedy woman could stop the tide of self-centered spitefulness.

“...because really, I think buying me premium gasoline is the least you can do. I just know I am losing money. Buffy’s a Slayer. What does she know about capitalism? She saves the world and doesn’t even get paid for it. And Xander? He was living in his parent’s basement before I got hold of him.”

She should have known better than to expect a thank you, but couldn’t Anya at least have managed not to talk with her mouth full? No, she couldn’t. In fact, her ability to blather away nonstop put Willow’s long-time ownership of the Babble Queen title in serious jeopardy.

“And I’d better not have to put up with Buffy whining about Angel when I get back. It was bad enough when you were moping around because you weren’t pretty enough or good enough in bed to keep Oz . I’m so glad that Xander lets me avoid you most of the time now so I don’t have to put up with your misery over losing your girlfriend, which is all your own fault, by the way, because you’re a magick-junkie, and I don’t want all the joy I feel at not having to deal with you taken away because I’m forced to listen to Buffy, who I’m not allowed to avoid, going on and on about her vampire soulmate and how horrible it is that they can’t be together and not even have permission to tell her to just get over it.”

Yeah, that’s right, because Anya had put up with so much more of Buffy’s Angel-missage than Willow had.

Stop that, she chided herself - a habit she was getting tired of having had to cultivate. This tendency towards self-pity and annoyance with her friends was almost more of a burden than Anya’s company, and one that didn’t come with the ending brought by the slam of a car door and one last snarky admonition to “not cast anymore stupid spells, because I’m not going to put up with everyone blaming me for you going all magick-junkie again.” Despite the woman’s obnoxious attitude, Willow was almost sorry to see Anya speeding away. Now she would have to deal with Angel hating her for making him lie to Buffy in order to bring her to Los Angeles for no reason. Yeah, that self-pity thing was not going to be over with any time soon.

But wait, maybe there was a way out of the worst case scenario yet, one that would let her off the hook without having to confess her sins to Angel. After all, Cordelia would be waiting inside. And Willow was sure that there was a good chance her old enemy could be manipulated into being mean enough to her to give her an excuse to storm out and get a bus home. Because, no matter how much she was reputed to have changed, Willow knew that the same old Cordelia just had to be there, right below the surface, and itching for a chance to unload on her high school whipping boy...well...whipping girl, really, but semantics weren’t the point here. Getting out of more anger and chastisement was.

Somehow, the joyous prospect of tricking Cordelia into being her saviour almost made the purgatorial car trip with Anya worthwhile. Not that Willow was still bitter or anything. She was a grown woman now and well past carrying juvenile grudges like resenting Cordelia for all of those “softer side of Sears” remarks - not that she remembered every single snotty, demeaning wisecrack Cordelia had ever made to her...okay, she did, but that was just because she had a good memory, not because she was bitter. And it wasn’t malice that made it hard for her to suppress a grin as she hefted her overnight bag and prepared to enter the Hyperion. It wasn’t. It was just the sense of peace and contentment resulting from the idea of serving as an agent of karma, that was all. Balancing the scales was a good way to help atone, and that was all there was to it.

But once again, it seemed that the goddess was not on Willow’s side.

The hotel was darkened and felt deserted and Willow’s heart sank - until it occurred to her that this, too, would be an excellent excuse to leave. Yeah! She could just leave a note saying no one had been here so she’d gone home. Saved! Okay, it wasn’t the same as Cordelia being her unwitting cavalry riding to the rescue, but it would work just as well. Still, the “do right girl” within insisted she at least pay lip service to making sure the hotel really was deserted before decamping to the bus station, so she called out (as softly as she could force herself), “Angel?”

“Willow.”

She heard his voice before she saw him descend the stairs. Darn vampire hearing. Darn conscience. Darn everything. Now that she was hoist by her own petard, she was in for both barrels of lofty vampire castigation. Oh goody.

Well, heck. There was nothing to do but to throw it all out there and take her lumps. But where to begin? Okay, Willow, just open your mouth and see what happens.

“Angel, I am so sorry I made you lie to Buffy and laid a guilt trip on you about the soul thing. It seems like all I do is bad stuff lately. Maybe it’s the magick. I mean, magick addiction has to affect the rest of me, right? So maybe it’s not my fault. I mean, I didn’t use to be like this, but ever since I brought Buffy back and then de-ratted Amy it seems like everything I do is just...well...evil. And I don’t mean it to be. I mean, inside I’m still the same old Willow, only that’s not how I act anymore. I mean, I almost killed Dawn and I made Buffy think her name was Joan and Spike thought he was Randy Giles and he forgot he was a vampire and even wore a bow tie.”

Willow thought she caught Angel suppressing a smirk at that last bit even as he looked like a deer caught in the headlights trying to figure out what she was talking about, but she wasn’t sure and she filed it away for later reflection so as not lose her nerve. She kept on talking; she’d think (and breathe) later.

“And that was even worse than the time I made them think they were engaged because at least then Buffy knew who she was even though she thought she was in love with Spike.”

Ignoring the growl she heard - oops, maybe she shouldn’t have mentioned the Will Be Done spell - she continued, her momentum carrying her along despite her not even being totally aware of everything she was saying. On and on she went: a disjointed hodgepodge of ramblings and self-recriminations about magick and Rack and Buffy and Dawn and Tara, until:

“I know you must hate me for making you bring me here for no reason, even though I thought there was a reason because I thought the goddess wanted me to find the anchoring spell so I could make your soul permanent and make everyone forgive me and win Tara back. But now I’m sure you’d never want me to do the spell because I’m a screw-up and a loser and a junkie and I’d probably just make everything worse and...”

“Willow.”

One word again, but it worked. Angel’s voice cut her off and that was a good thing; she was almost panting for air. She couldn’t remember ever getting this winded while babbling before. Age had to be taking a toll on her or something.

Then something happened that surprised her. In fact, she might have fainted if she had enough presence of mind to figure out how to lose consciousness, but she didn’t - she just went into a near state of shock. Because Angel was hugging her.

“I’m sorry.”

Okay...huh?

She was confused and lightheaded and rather fuzzy, but the hug - awkward as it was coming from a guy who was obviously not so big on the “physical displays of affection” thing - yeah, that was happening, she was sure. And a few words were actually getting through the cotton surrounding her brain. Still, they didn’t make a whole lot more sense than the hug.

“...if you hadn’t exposed your soul to my demon when you did the restoration.”

“...someone should have been training you...”

“...never should have let this happen to you...”

“...owe you my soul...”

“...I never even thanked you.”

Okay, that last part did register and it was true. He never had thanked her. Heck, he hadn’t even been civil to her most of the time - always brushing her off and acting like she was wasn’t important enough to bother about. Well, except for when he saved her from Gwendolyn Post. But that didn’t count, because he would have saved whoever was closest to him. He probably would have even saved Xander. And now, after all this time, he finally gets a clue? Okay, maybe that was harsh. After all, he was being understanding, even apologizing, which was pretty cool and felt even better now, she was sure, than it would have at any other time in her life.

No, for some reason. she just couldn’t get any resentment stirred up. Maybe it was the fact that she really didn’t want to be angry and irritated right now, because Angel was still hugging her - which was weird, yeah, but also...nice. Touching wasn’t a daily event anymore and any kind of warmth was something worth celebrating, even if it came from a guy who was closer to room temperature than she was used to cuddling with. Not that she and Angel were cuddling, and not that she cuddled with guys because eww, happy lesbian here, no trips back to boystown for this girl, especially not with Angel. Still, the “being held” thing? Definitely of the good. And the “not being the one taking all the blame for once” thing...yeah, that was registering a definite yay on the old happy-meter. Guess she was going to be taking back all that discontent (okay, anger) she had felt towards the goddess at winding up alone with Angel instead of having a convenient excuse to hightail it back home to the Hellmouth. Maybe she wasn’t so despised by the powers she’d once served after all.

“I’m going to go make a phone call, Willow. Wait here.”

And then again, maybe she was.

Tbc...