Knickerless


When I was 16 (almost a year ago) my boyfriend dared me to go to the bathroom and remove my knickers when we were out for dinner one time. I was feeling quite horny anyway so I did and I loved it. It feels great and is a real turn on for me and him too. I now never wear underwear, even when going to school, the doctor or when getting changed in communal changing rooms. My parents and all my close friends know I don't wear underwear - I don't feel any need to hide this fact from anyone (although I don't go shouting about it either). A few of my friends sometimes go commando too. It's definately the way to go.....


Got a friend to try yesterday. I was talking about this board with a few friends and one of them didn't realise I didn't usually wear knickers. She's usually a pants or shorts girl too. Anyway she said she'd like to try it to see how it felt. As she's about the same size as me we went back to my place so she cold borrow one of my skirts. To my surprise she chose one of my shortest and flimsiest cotton skirts and put it on. Then she slipped off her knickers and twirled around a bit. I noticed that she was very hairy and couldn't help making a comment. I then lifted my skirt to show her my fully waxed pussy. 

She said did I think she should do something about it and I said it was up to her. Then she told me she'd secretly been thinking about shaving but never tried it. She'd never done it because she's still a virgin and thought that if she did get with a guy he'd think it strange. I told her lots of men like shaved pussy so we went to the bathroom and found a disposable razor. I helped her with the difficult to get to bits. She giggled a bit as she looked at herself in the mirror. Then we went to the shopping mall. 

You wouldn't believe that when we got there she wanted to buy some shoes!!!! So we went to a shop where she was served by a male assistant. As I looked at her trying on shoes I could see her newly shaved pussy so I'm sure the shop assistant got an even better view than I did. Anyway, to cut a long story short he asked her for her phone number and she tells me they are meeting up tomorrow night. She's asked to borrow another one of my skirts. And she says she'll go commando again. 

As I'm without a boyfriend at the moment perhaps I should think about buying a new pair of shoes too.


It's definitely healthier to feel the air in your pussy as I believe there were less cases of urinary infections when ladies used to wear stockings. (All the nylon and lycra.) 
I decided to get rid of my knickers to spice up my 10 year relationship. My bf loved it when I shocked him by emptying my knickers draw in front of him, ripping my knickers up so I wouldn't be able to wear them again, and shaving all the hair off my pussy. 
I love it! I got rid of my regular tights and bought hold ups and suspender tights so my pussy would be permanently bare. I've bought more flarey skirts to wear to work, (when the lift breaks down they have a clear glass staircase to walk up )and I really enjoy a breezy day!


Ah yes! nothing like going commando in my shortest minidress & skirt with high platform heels. Minidress & skirt hems are all no longer than 1/2 inch below the croch so there is no chance of bending without being exposed. I ,ve done that every day for over 2 hot summer months last year. Can wait till summer this year. I love the attention, constant rush state of arousal for the whole day while I am out and about. 
Linda


I haven't worn any knickers for over five years. I seldom wear jeans or trousers, but mainly mini-skirts and wrap arounds. Some of my mini-skirts are less than an inch below pussy level and flare out as I walk so that everyone can see that I'm knickers. It's one of the biggest turn-ons that I know. By the way I am also fully shaven and have very full pussy lips. I often engineer situations where I accidentally expose my pussy for all to see, like when I bend over on the escallator with my legs apart knowing that some man is stood behind me. After five years I will never wear knickers again. All my friends know I never wear them and now several of them do the same on our girls night out. Just to say I was intregued by some of the 'knickers' comments. I am a 16 YO F, from Wales, and I often step up to the knickers plate. The best one for me was when I bought a new micro 8 inch mini from a website. Showed bum cheeks but barely covered my shaven pussy!! Impossible to sit down. Yes I am young, but many of my mates follow me and my mum has been underwearless for many years. She just tells me to cover up!! 

My friend said it was far to short and there was no way I could hide my privacy. That made me feel good. I went out, admittedly a little cold, but that made me even wetter. When I got to the pub, my friend guided me to one of the sofas so it was quite difficult to cross legs. In front of me were three strapping lads who clearly liked the length of my skirt. After sitting for 5 minutes, I proceeded to relax, which meant a full on viewing of my shaven parts. Much to my surprise, there were two flashes, from mobile phones, which I hope will stay in their camera for some time. 

Quite simple for me, the shorter the skirts the better. Why wear underwear when it is much 'freer' to go without. 

J [/quote]



I go without knickers quite often, i wear them less often than I don't. It's not usually a sexual thing, I just find it more comfortable, generally a very nice feeling, and of course it saves on washing. Which is something you start to notice when you actually have to wash your own stuff 

As for pantieless with skirts, I do that all the time, but I don't really flash on purpose (unless I've had a few drinks). I'm sure I do by accident, but my thinking is that it's as much a part of my body as anywhere else, so if you see it you're welcome to the memory. 

I agree completely with Jay16, wearing a short skirt is a definite arousal. Also Breezy Lady, soo true 

ZoeC


I'm in my 30s (won't be too precise) and have often gone without underwear under fairly short skirts to please my husband for many years. I work in an office with a mixture of male & female workers of varied ages. I always try to look good even at work and usually wear fairly short skirts to show off my legs. A few months ago, after wearing gstrings for a few years I decided that I was actually more comfortable without anything under my skirt. I am fully waxed so don't have any problem with visible pubic hair. 

So I have been going to work now without underwear for a few months. Although I don't usually go out of my way to flash people, I'm not too worried about keeping covered either. I particularly like flared skirt styles, so it's obviously easier to expose a bit more when I'm wearing one. 

Anyway, we have this open staircase up one side of the office that I often have to use, and I have noticed that some of the male employees often position themselves below when I am going up or down. So I just smile at them sweetly. I think most of them know that I know what they are looking at! 

On one occasion, my manager (male) got a very good view as I was going up the stairs and later called me into his office and a little bit shyly said "I don't know if you're aware but it appears you are not wearing any underwear." Thinking I would have a bit of fun, I said "Oh, really? I'm not sure. I'd better check." Then I lifted up the front of my skirt to reveal my smooth pussy, looked down and said "Yes, you're right. Do you have a problem with that?" He turned extremely red and mumbled "As long as you don't, but I thought I'd better mention it. I didn't want anthing embarrassing to happen." After I assured him that I don't get embarrassed about much, I left the office with a smile. On the way out I deliberately dropped my pen so I could bend down to pick it up and give him a rear view. He hasn't mentioned it again and is always very friendly. 

My husband and I had a good laugh about it when I got home
