Shopping with Jenna Ch. 01
by Nrlynkdbabe ©

Happy Holidays to all my friends and supporters.

The night of the auction Jenna stayed at my place and in the morning she 
asked me for something to wear. I told her we could stay naked until after 
breakfast and then we would get dressed to go shopping and have lunch. We 
sat naked in the kitchen as we had breakfast and talked some more about 
the events of the night before. 

Jenna was hooked on exposing herself but still felt she was more at ease 
flashing then being totally naked. I told her I enjoy flashing and wearing 
sexy clothes, but I much prefer total nakedness. Especially when not 
expected and when I am the only one naked. After we finished breakfast we 
went to get ready for shopping. 

I gave Jenna a short little pink and white polka dot ruffle layered mini 
skirt. It was very flirty and would give anyone looking a good show when 
she walked. Jenna pulled it on and looked at herself in the mirror. It was 
shorter than anything I had ever seen her wear and she would have to be 
careful how she moved and sat. 

I gave Jenna a pink zipper front crop top to wear with the skirt and a 
pair of sandals with about 3 inch heels to finish the outfit. I told her 
no bra or knickers allowed today. Jenna looked great and I knew she would 
attract lots of attention. 

I wore a tube dress that had a sheer material across my boobs and a small 
ruffle overlay, which kept the top of the dress from being completely 
see-through. The body of the dress was pale blue down to about 3 inches 
below my pussy then there was about 3 inches of the same sheer material as 
over my boobs. 

I had purchased these outfits one day while browsing the Flirt catalog on 
the web. I have a few other outfits I hope to wear out at night in the 
next few months. It was taking some coaxing to get Jenna out the door in 
her outfit sans knickers. As she walked the skirt flounced and I saw her 
holding the back down with her hand. I was going to say something but 
thought I would wait until later. 

I didn't want to ruin my chances of getting her to the mall in that 
outfit. As we drove to the mall I couldn't help but look at all of the 
bare skin Jenna was showing as her skirt had ridden up when she sat in the 
seat. Another inch or so and her pussy would be exposed to anyone next to 
us in a truck or SUV. Much to my dismay Jenna's skirt stayed in place for 
the entire ride. 

I had chosen to go to one of the less popular Mall's in the area for this 
adventure. I was devising another adventure for the future and wanted to 
scout the location and this would be a good location for Jenna with fewer 
people roaming the mall.

The mall has a parking deck but I opted to park in a less populated area 
of the parking lot. We were not terribly far from one of the entrances. I 
wasn't sure exactly what was going to occur and finding your vehicle in a 
parking deck can be an adventure in itself. I wanted to know that all we 
had to do was go out the same door we came in and my car would be visible. 
After parking we began the short walk to the mall entrance. 

The light breeze and the natural bounce of her walk in heels were causing 
Jenna's short skirt to fly up. When it flew up a bit higher Jenna quickly 
moved a hand back there to keep the skirt down. I told her that our 
adventure was beginning and she was not allowed to touch the skirt anymore 
no matter what happened. Jenna gave me one of the looks that said "I hate 
you for getting me into this", which is probably true, but I also know she 
is learning to love the thrill of public exposure.

We entered the mall though one of the entrances that leads right into the 
bottom floor of the mall rather than into one of the major anchor stores 
that most malls have. I have noticed that it can be more difficult trying 
to find the door you entered through in one of those big stores and I 
wanted to make our exit route as easy as possible. 

I am not only thinking about today but about a future adventure I have in 
the works. As we entered I saw the escalator that would take us upstairs 
just a short distance away. I saw that the escalator to bring us back down 
was right next to it. This is not always the case and I wanted to know 
where we would end up when we came back down. 

We were approaching the escalator and I looked back to see if anyone else 
was heading toward it. There was one man probably in his forties not too 
far behind us. I slowed the pace so he could get closer and once I was 
sure he was going to take the escalator we stepped on for the ride up. 

It didn't take Jenna long to figure out that the man behind us was going 
to have a very nice view of her naked ass. She started to move her hand 
behind her but then she saw me watching and moved her hand back in front 
of her. I glanced back and saw the man looking intently up at us, He 
immediately averted his eyes when he saw me look but he was already 
caught. 

I could see the faint smile on Jenna's face and I knew she was enjoying 
the attention. We reached the second floor of the mall and I made sure 
that we walked close to the railing with the glass. I wanted to give 
everyone below an opportunity to have a good view of Jenna. My tube dress 
was not short like the skirt Jenna was wearing so there wasn't much to see 
from below. 

We walked from one end of the mall to the other keeping Jenna close to the 
railing, stopping every now and then to give anyone below a better view. I 
made mental notes along the way as to where the restrooms were and if 
there were any security post anywhere. When we reached the end there was 
one clothing store I wanted to visit. 

I knew there were dressing rooms that were visible from outside the store 
but on the other side of the store from the register. The girls behind the 
counter would not have a clear view of the dressing rooms but people 
looking in the window would have an unobstructed view. I didn't really 
have a plan; I just wanted to have a bit of fun and get Jenna a little 
more public exposure with some for myself of course.

The store obviously catered to females a bit younger than us but the 
clothes were sexy and could certainly be fun to wear in public. We took 
our time browsing as I selected a few items for each of us to try on. The 
dressing room was large enough to accommodate both of us. The door could 
be locked and there was a small mirror on one wall but there was a larger 
mirror just outside the dressing room. 

I wanted to test the waters before I plunged Jenna into all of this. I 
took a very small skirt and a pullover crop top into the dressing room and 
told Jenna to wait outside the dressing room for me. I said that I didn't 
think the mirror inside would be big enough to get a good look at the 
outfit and that I would come out and use the larger mirror outside the 
dressing room. 

I went into the dressing room and stripped off my tube dress, then pulled 
the skirt up and saw that even though it was sitting low on my hips that 
the hem was just a few inches below my pussy. 

I pulled the drop top over my head and took a glance in the mirror. There 
was a lot of exposed skin between the bottom of the shirt and the 
waistband of the skirt as well from the hem down. I unlatched the door and 
stepped out into the store. I had a clear view of the stores front window 
and saw people walking by casually glancing in window-shopping. 

I stepped in front of the big mirror and began turning left then right. I 
turned my back to the mirror and looked back over my shoulder to see how 
my ass looked. I would occasionally glance at the front window to see if 
people were looking toward me. 

I saw out of the corner of my eye a man probably in his mid thirties who 
had spotted me and was trying to look without being noticed. I asked Jenna 
what she thought of the outfit and she thought the skirt was great but did 
not like the top. I told her I agreed with her and I grabbed the bottom of 
the shirt with both hands and pulled it over my head and tossed it to her. 


I then turned slowly back toward the mirror and saw that the man outside 
had seen everything as I had hoped and was now glued to the floor, unable 
to look away. I asked Jenna to hand me the other top I had picked out. She 
got up and handed it to me and I put it on. I liked it much better than 
the first top and stood there checking myself out in the mirror while the 
man outside continued to ogle me.

I turned back to Jenna and told her that I liked the top better but it 
doesn't go with this skirt. As I said that I pushed the skirt down and 
stepped out of it, slowly turning once again back toward the mirror. My 
friend outside was dumbstruck looking at me standing bottomless in the 
store. There was no doubt that I had this guy hooked and he was going to 
stay there as long as we were in this store. 

The only other thing that may cause him to leave is if he has a wife or 
girlfriend somewhere close that comes back to join him. Just to ensure he 
would stay there I took the top off and stood there in my high heel 
sandals casually bending over to retrieve the skirt from the floor, 
pointing my ass right at the front window. 

I told Jenna to grab all of the clothes and join me in the dressing room. 
It was now time for our friend to get an eyeful of Jenna. Now I know Jenna 
will not be so willing to just get naked inside a store like this so I 
will need to help her along. I told Jenna to go ahead and try on one of 
the outfits she had picked out. I stayed naked for now while Jenna 
stripped off her clothes. 

I made sure not to latch the door and after Jenna was naked I acted like a 
high school girl and pushed her out the door. I quickly latched the door 
and Jenna was out in the store naked. I knew she would not yell afraid to 
attract the attention of the store employees. She was standing outside 
begging me to open the door. I called out to her "Is that guy still by the 
window?" Jenna replied "Yes" and I told her to turn and face him then 
continue to do a full turns back to facing the dressing room door. 

I could see her feet turning and saw that she did as she was told and then 
I let her back inside. Jenna's nipples were standing at attention so I 
knew that my little prank has excited her as much as it probably scared 
her. I told her that before we left we would have a little more fun. We 
both put just a shirt on and step back out to look in the big mirror. 

It took some persuading but once we saw no one was near the dressing room 
we stepped out, much to the delight of the man outside. He watched us 
stand there in shirts and sandals before we went back inside the dressing 
room. Then we put on some very short skirts and took the tops off and went 
back out. I did my best to make sure jenna turned toward him a few times 
as I made it a point to bend over to fix my sandal. 

Finally we both went back into the dressing room and changed into the 
clothes we had worn to the mall. We went to the register and paid for the 
things we chose to keep. Leaving the store I saw the guy was still close 
and was sure he would be following us wherever we went in the mall.

Happy Holidays
Love to All

Nikki 
