White smiled, the expression twisting up the corners of his mouth but not touching his eyes, as he watched the car sail almost effortlessly over the rocky ledge. He heard the grating sound of metal against stone, once, twice, and then the satisfying crash as the car hit the surface of the sea below. Stepping to the edge, he looked down and saw the still mostly intact wreckage, nose down in the surf, sinking slowly. It looked to have landed once on its roof, crushing in the windows, and once slightly along a side, before sliding down into the water. The broken windows only sped the rate at which the seawater rushed into the car, flooding it and drowning it.

White stood and watched until he saw the trunk of the car vanish under the waves, then turned and walked back across the drive to the house. He should have been feeling pride, satisfaction, the thrill of a kill – but all he felt was numb and empty. Exhaustion, he told himself as he paced into the kitchen and then living room, that was all that was wrong. He'd been through hell and back in the last two days, of course he was tired.

Except it was more than that. He'd been tired before, he'd been exhausted from escapes before, and this was so much more than that. He'd just dropped his rival, unconscious and tired up in the trunk of his car, off a cliff and into the ocean, and seen the car sink. He should be thrilled, and calling his handler to have a team come to confirm the kill. How many times had he come so close to this, how many times had he dreamed about this?

Why was all he could think of doing then crawling into a dark room to hide? Why was his mind now alternating between images of Black's face, that strange expression on it, and numb darkness. If his government found out he had broken down like that, they would section him and "retire" him. He'd seen it happen to others who had been compromised, and he couldn't face that. Drugged, confined, and then treated, left not much more than a drooling shell after the fact: except, well, maybe it would be better than …

White blinked, staring at the dent in the dry wall in front of him, feeling the pain lance through his hand and up his arm. He looked, somewhat disbelieving, at his hand, at the split skin over his knuckles and the already swelling bruises, and then back at the wall, now marked with his blood and slightly caved in where his fist had impacted the surface. Had he just done that? He shook his head, numbness clouding his thoughts. Sleep, that was all he needed was sleep.

His body went into near automatic, guiding him through the things he knew he should do before he slept. He fumbled with things which should have been simple, such as his perimeter check of the doors and windows, even to the point that he made himself postpone cleaning and reloading his gun for fear that he would injure himself or damage it in the process. Setting the alarm system took him three tries, even with the familiar interface it presented, and by the time he had it armed he could feel the frustration bubbling into anger. That's irrational, his mind said, but it was a distant echo to thoughts which seemed at once empty and a swirl of chaos. After a few fumbling attempts to remove his shoes, he gave up, throwing himself on the couch in the main room rather than try to secure a bedroom and make himself comfortable there.

White was asleep before the sun was fully set.

* * *

The image is sharp, crisp and clear despite having been filmed in nearly total darkness: it speaks to decades of technological development aimed purely at information gathering and security. In the stark relief of the slight grain of the photocathode's image a figure is clearly visible, hunched and bedraggled looking, as it enters the house and crouches quickly behind the closest cover – an innocent side table plays an unwitting role in a breaking and entering. He crouches, hiding, waiting for alarms or traps to spring.

The alarms do not sound, not even the silent one, and the motion sensors passively notice the figure as it crouches: neither has been properly armed to alert to intrusions. The only sensors that notice his entrance are the cameras, hidden in corners and ceilings, behind mirrors and under tables, and they watch with passive, motion sensitive, low light filtered eyes. Moments pass. The figure stands, slowly, unfolding from his crouch stiffly, as if every joint hurts, as if every motion lances pain through him.

One camera, its resolution and sensitivity particularly acute thanks to active infrared, takes close notice of the intruder, imaging him and tracking his movements with its quiet, dark eye, hidden behind a smoke detector. It zooms in, tracking his motion, recording as it was designed to do. The figure is tall, dark haired in the low light, his skin pale in contrast with ragged black pants and a disheveled white shirt. His feet are bare, and seem cut and bruised – he winces with each step, even across the plush carpeting. Dark eyes, hidden in low light shadow, look up, almost directly at the silent eye watching him: the intruder knows it is there, but does not care, says his expression. The eyes flash silver in the IR light which illuminates the image.

He scans the room, body still, yet his posture gives away the trained gaze which scans every corner. He pauses, senses focusing on a single point half way across the room. He is looking at a couch, centered in the main room, though the camera can only see the back of it. He limps slowly, one foot dragging slightly, each step painful, towards the couch. There is no audio track to record the sounds he makes as he moves, but one can imagine the quite sucking in of breath, the grunt and wince as abused joints and flesh are forced beyond their limits. But he does not pause, not even once, in his slow trek across the living space.

He reaches the couch, looking down at whatever is on it, the camera in the kitchen ceiling cannot see. But another can, mounted under an end table near the sliding glass doors. Its resolution is not as fine as the larger unit, but it is much closer, and its photocathode is much more sensitive at these close distances. It sees the prone figure, still fully dressed, curled into the cushions of the couch. He sleeps, but poorly, twitching and moving as if caught in a dream. The other watches, just within the frame of the camera's eye, his hands clench and unclench slowly as if he fights with impulses within himself. Anger? Rage? Some emotion stirs him, but his face is unreadable.

The figure on the couch stirs in its sleep again, head turning sharply, lips moving, soundless to the deaf camera, impossible to read as they are obscured too quickly. But the other hears, his entire form tenses, frozen in a moment of shock and indecision. And then he moves, suddenly swift and uncaring for his pains, nearly falling to his knees beside the couch, hands reaching for the sleeping face of the other. There is no hesitation, no moment of indecision now, and he touches the other, hands trembling as they sooth over hair and shoulders.

The other settles, soothed in his sleep for a moment. And then he is awake, a flurry of movement, limbs clad in white, hands reaching and clasping. His movements are clumsy, uncourdinated. Any other time had he tried to catch the other like this, he would have failed. But the other simply submits, letting him grab wrists, rolling, pinning him to the floor with a clumsy body weight pin.

The pale face twists into a snarl, anger and confusion clouding it. The camera can clearly see the movement of his lips this time. "Why aren't you dead?" He raises a fist, holding the violence of the blow back by pure will alone.

Passive, restrained not by the hold but by his own motives, the other looks up and answers.

"Because I love you."

The blow never lands.