PART III

day 09

Back in the hotel room, flipping through a copy of Dr. Spock’s “Baby and Child Care,” Wilson heard someone knock on the door. He jumped and went towards it but, on second thought, returned to the book and shoved it into a desk drawer. The person knocked again. He ran back to the door and plastered on a nonchalant expression as he opened it.

It was Cuddy.

The thing was, Wilson was pretty sure that he was more shocked than she.

“Oh,” she said, “that explains a lot.”

His boss had seen him as a woman. He’d only felt more exposed that day in high school when someone had stolen his towel in the gym. At least there was no laughter this time, just Cuddy’s curious gaze.

“W, what are you doing here?”

“What do you think, I’ve been hounding you for the past week. Can I come in?”

“Oh! Uh, please do.”

By habit he watched her legs as she walked in. They had been one of his favorite pieces of eye-candy for years, and he found that they still did it for him. Not as much, but he still found them sexy. Great, he got to be a bi woman; as if his sexuality wasn’t confused enough as it was.

She turned around, arms crossed. “Where have you been?”

He couldn’t believe she was asking this. Wasn’t it obvious? He pulled out a chair for her but she remained standing. “You can see for yourself that I’ve been, uh, incapa--”

“You must wonder how I get out of bed every morning,” she interrupted.

He sat down on the side of the bed. “…Actually, I don’t.”

“Then how is being a woman an excuse to skip work? Did everything you learn in med school go flying out your head?”

“No, but--”

“Do you remember how to use a stethoscope? Can you still analyze an x-ray?”

“Cuddy, my sex changed! My credibility would be shot if I came in like this.”

She narrowed her eyes. “If that’s how you feel, I have some sexism workshops for you to attend.”

Wilson covered his mouth, horrified. “I’m not saying--”

“It sounds that way.” She sat down on the chair he had offered her earlier.

“But you have to admit, Cuddy, there’ll be talk! What will people think?”

“That you had a sex change, which is true enough. They’ve said worse about you, I’m sure. And have you forgotten how many on our staff are transgendered? Shall I tell them that you think they’re, what’s the word you used, not credible?”

He blushed. “Again, I’m not-- I didn’t choose this. And it’s temporary.”

“How temporary?”

He glanced at where he’d hidden his evening reading material. “It-- it might be a while. I’m not sure.”

“Well, that settles that.” Cuddy nodded. “I can’t have my head of oncology out of commission just because he’s a woman. You’re going to be in at nine am sharp, or earlier, if you prefer. You’ve got a lot to catching up to do.”

He rubbed the back of his neck, sheepish. “And that’s that, huh.”

“It is,” she affirmed, “though you might want to find a moment to find something that fits you better. People are vicious about how we dress, unfortunately.” She flashed him a sympathetic look, as if she knew all too well about that viciousness.

He looked down at his slacks and shirt. While they fit him fine as a man, they were now a couple of sizes too large. “I’ll see what I can do.”

“Okay.” She leaned forward, her smile growing. “Now, you’ve got to tell me, how did this happen?”

He better get used to this. “It just kinda… did. And now it’s, uh, not going away. Complications, you know.”

day 10

Wilson checked one last time: his foundation was in good condition, as was his eye-shadow, but his lip gloss was wearing thin. He applied another layer. Stepping out of his car, feeling another shiver as the panty-hose stretched against his smooth legs, he straightened out the front of his grey power suit.

If he was going to do this, he was going to do this right.

He stumbled on his high heels-- still wasn’t used to them-- but walking at a slower pace kept him from repeating this mistake. Stand tall, he reminded himself; stand tall.

A security guard stopped him at the parking lot exit. “Excuse me, ma’am, but you parked in the wrong--”

He’d been expecting this. Cool as could be, he pulled out his Princeton-Plainsboro Hospital ID. “That has my parking lot number.”

The security guard squinted at the photo, then at Wilson, then at the photo again. “This isn’t you.”

“It’s just a little mascara-- what difference does it make? I’m still James Wilson. Can’t you tell by the cheek bones?” The security guard didn’t look convinced. “If you like, we can call Dr. Cuddy, I’m sure she’ll love to know why you’re harassing me for wearing a skirt. Here, I have her number on my cell phone, we can talk to her right now.”

He handed Wilson back his ID card. He’d probably decided it wasn’t worth provoking the irritation of the Dean of Medicine. “That’s alright, sir-- ma’am--”

Wilson flashed his brightest smile. “Thank you.”

As he walked away, he prayed that he wouldn’t stumble again.

He had a long day ahead of him.
-----
People were watching.

Wilson could tell, even if he didn’t allow himself to look anywhere but forward.

The patients and their families paid him no attention. To them, he was just one more woman. It was the people he worked with, day in and day out, that were gaping. No one came up and said anything, however. They stayed in the background, just watching.

They would do more than look, soon.

Wilson walked into the first-floor conference room. Most of the other board members were already there, talking amongst each other and not bothering to look up. Wilson sat in his usual place and arranged his notes. He preferred it this way. He wasn’t going to call attention to himself if he could avoid it.

Dr. Parker, head of the Pediatrics Department, rushed into her regular place next to Wilson. “Not late, am I?” she asked and then let out a small exclamation. “Oh!”

“Good morning.” Wilson replied, as if nothing were out of the ordinary.

At that moment Cuddy came in and, with a wink to Wilson, started the meeting.

“Well!” Parker leaned over to him and whispered, “I like the new look.”

Wilson smiled and scratched the back of his neck. “I thought I might have gone a little heavy on the eye shadow.” By now the others in the room had noticed that Wilson wasn’t quite what he used to be and were doing the jaw-dropping thing. But then Cuddy cleared her throat and they turned, with some hesitation, their attention back to her. With the exception, that is, of Parker.

“I do that all the time! But you’re looking good. Say, Wilson, you’ve always been a cross-dresser, haven’t you? It’s okay, you can tell me.”

Wilson had been wondering how people would interpret his new look. Vote one for cross-dressing. He had about one second to decide how to present himself to the rumor mill. “A man doesn’t give away his secrets.”

Let them make out of that what they would; it wasn’t as though everyone wouldn’t make up a thousand different versions anyway.

Afterwards, Cuddy patted him on the back. “See, that wasn’t so bad, was it.”

He stared at her. “I’m just getting started though, aren’t I?”
-----
Sometime between the stares, the questions, and the actual work, Wilson took a break in the place he’d been thinking of since yesterday, when he first realized the extent of his doubts.

He didn’t dare pass the giant glass divider, so he stood on the outside, gazing in. He didn’t know what he was supposed to feel, but he did know that he was too petrified to go any further.

Wilson heard House before he arrived-- that three-thudded step was one of a kind. But Wilson stayed where he was, neither moving nor looking towards him.

House joined him at his side. “That’s a butt-load of babies,” he declared. Although the words were of a joking nature, his voice belied a sort of wariness. Wilson glanced at him. His face, somewhere between pale and ashen, was lined with wrinkles deeper than ever. He had to be recovering from a Vicodin and booze binge.

“It sure is,” Wilson agreed.

House grunted in reply.

Wilson hated this awkwardness between them and fished for something to fill in the silence. “Why did you send Cuddy my way?”

House turned towards him. “How did you know?”

“How else would she have found me?”

“True.” House looked away again, eyes scanning the rows of cribs. “I got tired of her hounding me about where you were. So I spilled the beans.” He paused for a moment. “It wasn’t because I was worried or anything, if that’s what you were thinking.”

“Never.” Wilson assured him, but he knew better. House might claim not to care, but that was only because pretending not to led to fewer responsibilities. Now that Wilson was no longer as panicked as he’d been during their last confrontation, he could remember this fact.

But even if House cared, it might not be enough.

They lapsed into silence, staring at the row after row of babies.

It was funny, Wilson thought without seeing the humor, how the two of them had spent days without any respect for each other’s personal space-- kissing, touching, fucking-- and now they could barely approach one another.

Whatever path Wilson ended up taking, he didn’t want to lose House. And if it meant that he had to be alone in this particular decision, so be it. It wasn’t as if he weren’t used to House being unhelpful. “It’s okay, by the way,” Wilson said, still looking straight ahead, “if-- if you want to stay out of the picture. Consider yourself outside the frame.”

“Yeah, about that.” House made a sound that could have been a cough. “I don’t know if that’s going to work.”

Wilson felt his spirits rise but he tamed any hope he might have. “Why?”

“I’m stuck in the photograph, whether I want to be or not.”

This was promising, but Wilson was still wary of what was coming next. “So your hands are unwashed, after all.”

“Dirtier than the dirt they scooped up.” House glanced at said hands. “Not that they haven’t always been filthy. How does all that grime get under my fingernails?”

Wilson was tired of communicating through clichés. He wanted a straight answer. “Okay, good. Now what?”

“I’ve thought about it and I’ve decided that your having a kid is a really, really, really dumb idea.” House stared straight into Wilson’s eyes, unwavering and determined. “You should get that abortion.”

“Oh.” Wilson didn’t want to be in front of all those babies anymore. He went down the hall, out of the maternity ward and towards something more innocuous, like the nephrology wing. “If you had just said so from the beginning, that wouldn’t be… an issue right now.”

House caught up and grabbed him by the arm, and Wilson hated how that only made him want to be hugging House instead. Desiring any physical affection with House, in the long run, was foolish. “You’re not-- you said it yourself, you were gonna pull the plug. You’re not--?”

Wilson dared neither meet his gaze nor look away, so he just closed his eyes.

He felt both of House’s hands on his shoulder now, but they were at arm’s length apart, and there was no comfort in this touch. “That’s idiotic, Wilson, you have to know that.”

He shook House off him. “So call me an idiot. It wouldn’t be the first time.”

“If you’re even considering being a mommy--”

“Keep it quiet, won’t you? Do you want everyone to know?!” Wilson hissed.

House lowered his voice, “--it’s because you got a ticking biological clock, free of charge, with your ovaries. Maybe right now you’re thinking, ‘Ooooh, a baby! That’ll make my hotel room a little less lonely! I can have that family without those pesky wives!’ But the minute you turn back, you’ll wonder what the hell you were thinking. Call it temporary insanity.”

“Thank you so much for filling me in on my feelings,” Wilson said frostily.

“Someone has to set you straight.” At Wilson’s dour expression, House continued. “Look at it this way. You’re thirty-seven, Wilson, your spring-chicken days are over. You know what risks you’d be exposing that chick to.”

“Many women have children at an older age,” Wilson defended.

“And thanks to them we know how stupid that is. Do you want me to run down a list for you? Down’s Syndrome, premature labor, depression--”

“Don’t you think I know?” Wilson sighed. “God, House-- I thought you didn’t want anything to do with this.”

“If you’d given me more than two seconds-- but, no, it had to be right this instant. Well, now I’ve had another two seconds to work with, and I realized-- that thing,” House waved at Wilson’s midriff, “if you have it, is going to run around with my genes. And when it looks up at you one fine day and asks, ‘where’s mommy?’, you won’t have an answer, because it doesn’t have one, but tell me if you can fool yourself into believing that you wouldn’t spit out Daddy Number Two’s name.”

Wilson laughed, bitter. “I get it. It’s not because you’re worried about me or about the kid, you just don’t want to be bothered.”

“You asked if I wanted it. Now you know.”

Wilson knew that House had a point-- he had every right to give his opinion. And even if Wilson didn’t like the answer, it was better than the no-comment response House had first given him.

However, Wilson was no longer willing to base his decision on what House wanted. It’d still be a vital factor, of course. Not so much because it’d mean that he’d be a single parent-- even if House was willing to be a father, Wilson knew that he’d still do the vast majority of the raising himself-- but because he knew that this could destroy their friendship. Wilson could imagine House moving to another country just to get away.

He would have to think about that.

But for now, he wanted to placate House. “Look, if it makes you feel any better, I might run out in the next half hour and-- and end this.”

“But you might not.”

“I might not.”

House tapped his cane against the ground. “That doesn’t make me feel better at all.”
-----
It took forever, but it was finally time to go.

Wilson had gone through a full day. He’d caught up on two weeks’ worth of missing work, fielded personal questions from everyone he’d ever known, his back was killing him, and he was at odds with House.

Wilson was more than ready to go ‘home.’

He was pressing the button to close the elevator doors when he noticed a man was running to make it in time for the ride. While Wilson was tempted to close the doors anyway since he wanted to get out of here without having to explain himself once more, that went against his upbringing, so he pressed the ‘open’ button.

“Sorry,” the man said, entering the elevator.

“No problem,” Wilson said. He looked a little familiar, but Wilson couldn’t quite place him. He hoped that they weren’t actual acquaintances, since that would up the chances of being questioned about his sudden transformation.

“I-- aren’t you Dr. Wilson?”

So much for remaining incognito. “I am.”

He smiled-- shyly, Wilson realized with bewilderment. “Excuse me. We haven’t met but I’ve heard-- you know how people talk.”

“I sure do,” Wilson sighed.

“But they didn’t tell me how beautiful you are.”

Wilson couldn’t believe what he’d just heard. But from his expression, the guy was expecting some kind of big, appreciative reaction. Wilson was torn between staring in shock and laughing, so he did both.

God, he’d used that line before on women. Had they thought he’d sounded this ridiculous? But-- ridiculous or no, it was nice to hear. Much nicer than some of the other things he’d been hearing today.

“I mean it,” the man insisted, “You’re beautiful. You should be proud; not everyone gets such a successful sex-change operation. Ah, this is my floor-- it was good meeting you.”

Wilson stared as the man left. There really was a taste for everything.
-----
Wilson tried to ignore his usual disappointment that no one was waiting for him back in his hotel room.

The first thing he did was pry off his high heels. Damn those hurt and he had to wear them again tomorrow. He must be out of his mind, just as House said. “You’re causing a lot of trouble,” he admonished his abdomen.

And then the fact that he’d just talked to a fetus sank in. “Oh, this is going to do wonders for my sanity’s reputation,” Wilson muttered. “You know what’s worse? It just proves House right. Couldn’t he be wrong once in a while?”

But even if House had been right about Wilson being tempted to have a child because it was an escape out of an empty home, that didn’t mean it was a bad reason. If Wilson wanted more than he had, and if it was within his reach, how was that wrong? “Let’s keep this conversation thing a secret between the two of us, okay?”

Wilson slipped out of what he thought of as his ‘female costume’ and into a much more comfortable set of McGill sweatpants and shirt. He settled at his desk with a copy of “Thinking Ahead: Saving For Your 21st Century Baby,” a calculator, his account book, and graph paper. He wasn’t going to make any decisions until he was sure he could give his child everything it needed and pay all three of his alimonies.

day 12

“Hey,” Cuddy said, closing the door behind her. Wilson held up his hand in greeting. “Wanted to check up on you, seeing how you might be having some adjustment issues.”

“Now that you mention it,” he said, pulling on a poker face, “there was this incident--”

Arms crossed, Cuddy replied, “Oh?”

“Just this morning, I was in the bathroom--”

“Which one?” Cuddy stayed on her feet, and Wilson couldn’t help but wonder how she could resist the temptation to sit. He avoided standing at all costs and yet her heels were higher than his.

“The female one; everyone kept whistling at me when I went into the men’s room.” Which was true, as was the fact that he wouldn’t run into House in the women’s bathroom. “And so there I was, and, wouldn’t you know, the other ladies weren’t talking about me.”

She laughed. “What were they talking about?”

“Some nurse sleeping around with all the lawyers.”

“Well, that’s how it is with women. Either everyone is insulting the hell out of us, or we don’t even make it on people’s radars. But--” Cuddy dropped the joking tone. “Seriously. Nothing you want tell me about?”

Wilson smiled. “Thanks, but no, not really. My patients, for the most part, care more about their cancers than they do about me, the staff is too polite to give me outright grief, and everyone else just assumes I’m butch.”

“I’ve noticed you and House aren’t getting along,” she said, point-blank.

Wilson winced at her bluntness. So that’s why she was here. House always came first; something he should have learned by now, especially after Tritter’s investigation.

He understood her concern, but he was going to keep the details to himself. “We’re not seeing eye-to-eye at the moment.” Though, to be more accurate, they weren’t seeing much of each other at all. After their last discussion, they hadn’t even so much as talked to each other.

“Great.” She shook her head. “He’s been-- you know.” She picked up a box of paper clips from his desk, fiddling with it. “He’s been House. Only more so.”

Wilson could imagine. “Yeah.”

“What, did you two sleep together and then fight?”

Wilson jumped in his seat. “What--”

“That’s what I thought.” She put the box back down. “Now, I don’t know why you’re fighting, and frankly, I’m not sure I want to. Whatever the reason is, it’s hit him hard and now he’s hitting everyone else just as hard. You have to make up with him.”

Wilson felt a rush of guilt at this reminder of how his selfishness was hurting House. “Easier said than done.”

“Don’t I know,” Cuddy sighed. “Just-- do something. Anything.”

The topic finished, she was about to leave, but there was something he needed to ask someone this and, sad as it was, he couldn’t think of anyone else. “Listen, Cuddy.” He paused. How could he phrase this without giving himself away? “Have you ever not been sure if you wanted something?”

“Well, if you’re going to be that unclear, then, yeah, I have-- me and everyone else in the human race. Care to be more specific?”

“I-- I can’t, not really. But there’s some…thing I could have, and I’d given up on it a long time ago, but now it’s a possibility again, and I don’t know if I actually want it or if it’s a substitute for something I can’t have.”

Cuddy looked confused. “Is this about House?”

“K, kind of.”

“Um, from the very explicit explanation you just gave me, it sounds like you just haven’t let yourself admit that you want this Super Vague Thing.”

“Yeah,” and Wilson, behind the desk, where Cuddy couldn’t see, cradled his stomach. “That’s what I’m thinking it is.”

week 3

Photos of women with varying sizes of expanded abdomens lined the walls, like an exposition on pregnancy. They made Wilson feel full, as if he was in danger of bursting with his two-week fertilized egg, but he couldn’t quite look away, either.

“Good afternoon,” Dr. Miyamoto said, offering her hand to Wilson.

“Thank you for seeing me on such short notice,” Wilson said, shaking hands over her desk. “I know how crowded an obstetrician’s schedule can get, especially one as popular as you.”

“Not at all. Have a seat, please, Mrs. Wilson--”

“I’m not married,” he said, sitting facing her. Behind Miyamoto were her framed degrees and awards, summarizing a history with which Wilson was already familiar, having read up on her background. He had searched for the best within the region.

Besides those documents were more photos. One in particular stood out to Wilson: it featured a naked woman, one arm supporting her heavy breasts and the other her protruding belly. She must have been at eight, nine months of pregnancy.

“Oh, sorry, I just assumed--”

Wilson tore his attention away from the photo and smiled. “Sometimes I myself am rather astonished that I’m not married. I always rather thought myself the family type.”

She brightened up. “That’s why you’re here, isn’t it? You’re rather lucky; most women your age that come to see me are trying to get pregnant. Many don’t get that far.”

“To be honest, I wasn’t quite-- planning this.” His eyes flicked over to that photo behind her. He tried to imagine walking around like that-- albeit not quite as naked-- and what it would mean: back pains from the deviated spine, being unable to look at his feet when standing up, varicose veins, having to urinate every hour, and all the other things he could look forward to if he continued on this path.

It wasn’t anywhere near as frightening as Wilson thought it should be.

Miyamoto nodded. “It must have been a shock.”

“A-- a bit, yes.” No need to go into details. “I-- have a number of concerns, not the least of which being the-- my-- child’s physical well-being. I know my age makes me a statistical trap for certain complications.”

“That’s something we’ll keep an eye on. It’ll take another few weeks before any defects are detectable, but when the time is right, we can give you some of the earliest available tests-- ultrasound, a CFTS -- and then we’ll have a good idea of your baby’s condition. And we’ll keep track of your health as well-- you’re facing some risks of your own, you know. Gestational diabetes, miscarriage, pre-term birth...”

Hearing all this calmed Wilson. While he already knew and, in fact, had passed this information to innumerous patients in the clinic, confirmation from a specialist reassured him. While spontaneous sex changes were unheard of, being a pregnant woman, even at thirty-seven, was old news. He knew what to expect. Medicine was on his side.

“In the meantime, you should be taking folic acid, multi-vitamin pills and--” Miyamoto glanced over her shoulder where Wilson kept looking and smiled fondly. “That’s a former patient of mine; she gave that to me five years ago, when she was having her first child. She came to me for her next two.”

“It’s a beautiful photo,” Wilson said, to be polite, but he wasn’t lying either.

“I hope we can get you that far. Now, before we can run any tests we’ll need to go over you and your partner’s medical history…”
-----
Back in the hotel that evening, Wilson triple-checked the lock on his door and closed the blinds on his window. On further thought, he turned off his cell phone. Together with his privacy, he needed a minimum of distractions.

Wilson made a point of turning on all the lights, from the weak overhead ones to all the lamps. The room took on a soft glow.

He removed all of his make-up, going so far as to wash behind his ears to eliminate his perfume’s odor.

These preparations done, he opened his closet door, which featured the closest thing he had to a full-length mirror. Wilson stood still before it for a long while, just looking. Then, one by one, he began to strip himself of his garments: his dress shirt, his long skirt, his bra, his pantyhose, even his underwear.

Even now, so early in the pregnancy, he thought he could detect changes. Then again, up until now, he’d refused to take a closer look, so perhaps he was only now seeing some of his female body’s characteristics. His areolas were a darker brown, the tips of his hip bone were not as prominent, and he felt more bloated. Other than that, he was the same. He was a long way from being like Miyamoto’s patient, in that photo.

“This next part is going to be weird,” he warned the general vicinity of his belly-button. “I know you’ve got the awareness of a rock, but, uh, try not to pay attention anyway.”

Wilson took a deep breath and made himself start.

He massaged one breast, giving his nipple a tentative pinch. That hurt, though, so he settled for a gentle rub instead.

His other hand trailed around his ribcage and traveled downwards, past his stomach and around his thighs. You’re just getting acquainted with your body, Wilson reminded himself. Nothing to be ashamed of.

After some procrastination, his hand reached his crotch. He explored down there, getting to know himself on a level more personal than scientific labels. This lip, wide and pliable, didn’t feel anything in particular, whereas stimulating this tip made him horny. And here--

Wilson thought back on what his female lovers had liked and what he himself had enjoyed when House had touched him.

His reflection was becoming very, very flushed.

Closet door still open, he sat on the side of the bed, the springs resistant against his weight and the covers cool beneath him. After hesitating, Wilson splayed his legs open. He had to get used to himself, physically and visually. He had to see it all-- the purples and the browns and the rouges.

If he was going to stick around as a woman, he had to accept his whole body. He should have done this weeks ago, but only now, as he grew more accustomed to the idea of pregnancy, was he ready to become intimate with himself.

Wilson ran through an old favorite: Cuddy wearing nothing but her lab coat and high heels. And that was okay; it was comfortable in its familiarity. But maybe it was too familiar, because though the fantasy was increasing the intensity building up in his nerves, it wasn’t doing enough. He needed more.

His thoughts turned to House-- House thrusting into him, House’s brow furrowed with concentration as he tried to get Wilson off-- but Wilson didn’t want to go there. Those memories were filled with emotional traps and he wanted this to be a positive, untainted experience.

So Wilson alternated between fantasies of fucking both men and women, whispering dirty words and coming--

He fell back onto the bed, convulsing.

“I could get used to this,” he said out loud, his fingers playing with his wetness, soaking up his one-person afterglow.

week 4

Papers littered House’s desk. Wilson watched, not without reluctant fondness, House absorbed in his reading. “You know what’s funny?”

Realizing that he had an audience, House shuffled the papers into a single pile. “No, Wilson, I do not. Do let me know what’s funny.”

“When I got back the results from Dr. Miyamoto, my obstetrician--”

House, leaning back in his chair, made the slightest nod. “Her article on analgesia for labor indicates that she’s not an absolute moron.”

“Thanks.” Wilson stepped from out of the doorframe and into the office. “So as I was saying, when I got them, I put them in a safe place. Do you know where that would be?”

House leaned back even further, pressing the tips of his fingers one against the other. “Why, I do not.”

“Between pages 914 and 915 of my neuro-oncology encyclopedia, and I think you knew that, House, because they’re no longer there.” Wilson picked up the topmost page from the stack. “Oh, look at what I’ve found, page three of my urinalysis.”

“Oh, you meant those results,” House said in mock-understanding. “I have no idea how they ended up there. Really, color me clueless.”

Wilson tried not to smile. House’s attempt at nonchalance had been discredited enough, there was no need to rub it in. “You could have just asked, you know.”

House avoided his gaze by fanning out the papers across his desk. “The plan was to nab them while you were out, sneak them back in, and you’d be none the wiser. But of course you’d be all obsessive-compulsive and check on them constantly-- I haven’t had them for more than a half hour!”

“Forgive me for getting in the way of your spying,” Wilson teased. House glared at him before going back to studying the papers. “So. What do you think?”

“Your pH is a little high, don’t you think it’s a little high? Sure it being high once doesn’t mean much but if it stays--”

“A pH of 8 is fine, it’s well within desirable parameters. If you’re going to nitpick, find something worth arguing over.” House didn’t answer and kept rereading all those numbers. “I thought you were going to stay out of this,” Wilson commented, trying to sound nonchalant.

“If you’re going to be so stupid as to go through it with it, I’ve got to make sure that the other doctors don’t fuck it up.” Wilson again resisted the urge to grin. “And that includes you! Right now you’ve got the judgment of a mentally deficient gerbil.”

“Thank you,” Wilson said, because House’s insults meant nothing, not when he was showing this much concern for his well-being.

“Let’s get this straight--” House pointed at him. “I’m still against this.”

“I know, I know,” Wilson said. “I haven’t forgotten.”

“Good.” House went back to scouring the stats. Wilson figured this was as good a moment as any to ask. “Is it because you don’t want to be a father or because you’re too scared?”

House held his head between his hands. “Look. Let me put it this way. My grandfather was an ass, my dad was an ass, I’m-- you get the idea. It gets passed down in the family.”

“So… you’re scared.”

“Sometimes, Wilson,” and House suddenly seemed old and weary, “there are good reasons to be scared.”

Wilson would have loved to ask what he meant by that, but he knew from House’s guarded expression that this discussion was over.

week 7

After that, if some things got a little worse, other things got a lot better.

Wilson woke up one morning with the undeniable urge to vomit, and he did so. He got a few bites down at breakfast and a couple of hours later he was running to the bathroom to bring it back up.

Though he hadn’t mentioned it to anyone, the next day he discovered on his desk a can of ginger ale, several packs of dry crackers, and a dozen bottles of water. To some people, these items might have seemed odd and bizarre, but Wilson recognized them as typical anti-morning sickness treatments. He smiled to himself.

He dropped by House’s office later, shaking one of the water bottles. All that House would say, refusing to admit to the delivery, was, “Dehydration’s a bitch.”

Instead of thanking him, Wilson opened the bottle and took a few sips, which mollified House. They went out for lunch for the first time since the sex change and, okay, so maybe Wilson threw back up the water and food, but it was the thought that counted.

In his seventh week of pregnancy, Wilson went for an ultrasound. He would have invited House, but he didn’t think he would be into that. It was one thing to fuss over your sort-of best friend’s health and pore over test results, searching for something wrong-- House considered it a hobby to point out other people’s errors. It was another altogether to anticipate a child.

Wilson did, however, share the results afterwards. “Look, it’s not an ectopic pregnancy,” he declared, waving the sonogram in front of House.

“Wilson,” House said, almost sounding satisfied, “this saves me a break-in!” He snatched the sonogram and held it up to the light, squinting.

“Figured I’d help keep your violations of the law down to a minimum. See anything suspicious?”

“Besides the fact that you have a uterus?”

“Hah hah.”

House examined it some more, from this angle and then that one. “Well, there is something--”

“What,” Wilson asked, his heart beating three times as fast. He had studied every single centimeter on that image; had he missed something? Was his child already deformed--

“It’s an ugly little fuck, isn’t it.”

And Wilson laughed, he laughed and laughed and laughed, and the next thing he knew he was kissing House, and it was then that he realized that he was head over heels for House and had been for years now.

It was a short kiss, spontaneous in the beginning and self-conscious by the end. When they parted, Wilson’s face was burning with embarrassment but he took pleasure in the tenderness of House’s expression. “So, um. Everything alright otherwise?” Wilson asked.

“Yeah. It is.”