Stripped by bratty kids
by willow_1446

Part one

My name is Nadia and when I was 16 during the summer I babysat for this rich family who lived somewhat close. They had three kids. Melissa was 14 and was angry that she still had a babysitter. Her two younger brothers, Phil (12) and Marc (9) were little spoiled brats as well.

As much as the kids annoyed me, I was getting paid money to be harsh to them so I found it worth it, that is until one day that summer.

The kids wanted to go swimming in the pool and they demanded that I went with them. The parents had warned me of this so I went and put on my black bikini. Melissa was dressed in a purple bikini and the boys were in swim trunks.

We went down to the pool and I sat on the edge of the pool with my feet in the water while the kids swam around.

While they were swimming I overheard the kids talking.

"Hey, how's Nadia got smaller boobies than you?" Phil asked with a snicker.
"She's flat as a board!" Melissa laughed.

"Hey! That's it, we're done with pool time for today. Mel and Phil, I am disgusted with your comments. Go to your rooms!" I yelled at them.

"Hey, it's not Phil's fault that you got no tits!" Melissa said with another laugh.

"That's it young lady! Get out!" I yelled.

"Or what?" Melissa asked, taunting me.

"Alright, you're going to act like a little girl who can't listen to directions and make me pull you out!"

I was incredibly frustrated at this point and walked over to the other side of the pool where the kids were. I saw Melissa whispering to the boys but thought nothing of it.

"Alright, come on missy!" I said, reaching out my arms to pick her up. Just then Melissa and Phil grabbed onto my arms and pulled me into the pool.

I surfaced above the water. "You two are in so much troub-"

All three of the kids surrounding me and began grabbing onto me, pulling me under the water. I felt hands clawing all over and began to feel tugging. I realized they were trying to pull my bikini off.

I tried to resist and kick them away but it was no use. Melissa wasn't much younger than me and was almost as strong. She had no issues holding me back while Phil and Marc pulled my bikini completely off.

They finally let go and climbed out of the pool. I tried to cover myself under the water while catching my breath. Melissa dropped my bikini on a nearby table.

"You kids are gonna be in so much trouble when I tell them this!"
"Oh really?" Melissa asked before snapping a picture of me. "What about when we tell them about how you were skinny dipping in front of a bunch of little kids?"

"Wha-! What?! That's not true!" I replied.
"Well of course it is, they'll believe whatever we tell them!" Phil said.
"And we'll have to tell them about this very naughty incident. That is, unless you do exactly what we tell you!" Melissa added.


Part two

Nadia gulped. She was getting red, her face burning with embarrassment. She was trying to find a way out but coming up completely helpless.

"So what is, you slutty little skinny dipper?" Melissa asked, "You coming out or is my mom gonna have to see this?"
"You should send it anyway, mommy seeing our babysitter all naked would be funny!" Marc yelled.

"Now that you bring it up, it is kind of funny. Kinda creepy too" Phil said.
"It is kind of creepy that this whore couldn't wait until she got home to strip. Had to do it in front of a bunch of kids!" Melissa teased.

"Shut up! You guys stripped me!" Nadia yelled.
"You shut up you pathetic cunt!" Melissa barked, "I am very sick of your behavior miss, it's time to get out of the water. Now!"

Nadia grabbed the ladder and leapt out of the pool, covering her ass crack as she did. Then she turned around and immediately covered herself.

One hand lay across her fairly flat chest and the other against her bush. As she held herself Nadia felt ashamed. When she felt her now rock solid nipples, it kind of felt... good.

"Aw come on! You can skinny dip in the pool but now you're too embarrassed to show off the goods?" Phil asked.
"Yeah! I mean we can already see your bush! Guess you don't get many guys coming around" Melissa burst into laughter.

Nadia stood motionless. There was no way she was going to reveal her tits to a bunch of bratty kids. No. Way.

"Do I need to remind you of any photos we have?" Melissa asked firmly.
"Yeah! Show us your boobies!" Marc yelled.

A lump grew in Nadias throat as dropped her hands. She looked down at her naked body and now felt ashamed and embarrassed of it.

SNAP!

The three kids burst into laugher as Melissa took a photo of Nadias fully nude body.
"That's a whole jungle, holy shit!" Phil said.

"Alrighty, Ms. Itty Bitty Titties, it's time to head inside!" Melissa told Nadia.

Nadia sulked over and her natural instict to cover took over.

"Ugh! The naughty little slut can't even listen to directions! Drop the hands!" Melissa yelled. Then she turned around and whispered something to her brothers.

Nadia saw a chance and took it. She sprinted for a towel. About halfway to the towel she was tackled on the grass by Melissa.

Then, Melissa and the boys picked her up by her arms and feet.

"Let go of me I swear to God!" Nadia yelled.

"One! Two! Three! Go!" the kids yelled in unison before tossing her back into the pool.

As Nadia surfaced she saw the kids sprinting inside, holding all of the towels (and her bikini) that lay outside.

"Fuck fuck fuck!" Nadia said to herself as she put her arms on the edge of the pool and thrust herself out.

Nadia covered up, not caring about the rules she was given by a bunch of spoiled kids. As she reached the door and tried to pull it open, her heart sunk. It was locked.


Part three

Nadia pulled as hard as she could on the handle of the large glass backdoor of the house. She slammed her palm on the door as the kids laughed at her.

"Let me in right now!" Nadia yelled.
"Aww, poor girl is stuck outside all naked and wet" Melissa said in a teasing voice.
"You let me in or you'll be in so much trouble!" Nadia demanded.

SNAP! SNAP! SNAP!

"Won't be as bad as when everyone sees you standing around my backyard butt ass naked, you whore!" Melissa yelled.
"You are evil! Just let me inside!"
"Nuh-uh!" Marc said while laughing. Then the kids huddled up and whispered to each for a second before sprinting away.

"The front door, shit!"

Nadia covered up, choosing her boobs and privates while sprinting to the front door. Her face burned red of embarrassment as she stumbled past the gate into the front yard where anyone could look outside and see her.

Nadia ran out into the open of the yard and to the front door. She ran up and pulled on it and it was locked. Nadia moaned in anger. She looked down and saw a doormat. A form of cover!

Nadia grabbed it and wrapped it around her body. It covered all of her privates.

Unsure of what to do, Nadia decided to run back around to the backyard, hoping the kids would have a change of heart.

Nadia arrived at the back door where Melissa was waiting.

"Wow, naughty girl! You know you aren't supposed to cover yourself!"
"Fuck you!"
"Woah, aggressive much?"
"Hey, where'd your brothers go?"
"They're preparing something for me. What, you think they left or something?" Melissa said with a laugh.

"This-this game has been going on way too long. Just let me inside already!"
"Oh, you'll be let in right when my brothers are back. I think I almost hear them!"

Nadia let out a sigh of relief. That is, until she heard the sound of a back door opening. At the neighbors house.


Part four

Nadia froze for a second as she heard the sound of the neighbors door opening. She heard Melissa laughing on the other side of the door.

Nadia knew she had to think fast. She sprinted for the pool, diving in and dropping the doormat on the lawn.

Nadia pushed her body against the edge of the pool on the neighbors side, making sure her nude body wasn't visible through the clear water.

"Hey what's going on over here? I heard a ton of banging!" the neighbor asked.
"Oh, I was just going for a little swim!"
"Are you the Williams babysitter?"
"Uh, yes sir!" Nadia was beginning to get nervous as he peered over the fence.

"Where are the kids at?"
"They were taking a nap so I decided to go for a little swim."
"At this age? Isn't Mel about, oh, 12 or so now?"
"Yeah, I guess they stayed up too late last night or something."
"Oh dear, well, I'll leave you be!"
"You have a good one!"

Nadia breathed a sigh of relief. The neighbor began to walk away before turning back.

"Oh, it looks like you forgot a towel! Let me go grab one for you."
"No, that's fine! Don't worry about it."
"Oh no, I insist! Can't get those floors all wet."

The neighbor again turned around and Nadia knew she'd have to wait for him.

The whole conversation obviously embarrassed her, since she was butt ass naked a few feet from him, but it strangely aroused her to be in this situation. She felt strange down 'there'.

Nadia took her finger and began touching herself, biting her lip and stifling a moan. She felt her nipples getting hard and started to rub them as well. Nadia's face grew a bright red once again as she started masturbating in the pool of the kids she was supposed to be babysitting while waiting for their old neighbor.

The neighbor came back outside and Nadia had to force herself to stop.

"You can just toss it over the fence, thanks."

With that, the neighbor left. Nadia hopped out of the pool and grabbed the towel, wrapping it around herself.

Walking back to the door, Nadia found all three kids waiting for her now.

"Alrighty, time for you to head inside!" Phil told her.

Nadia gulped and took the step inside.


