Sex In Hospital

I am going to narrate an incident, which happened in the hospital
when my mama was hospitalized. As the charge of special room was very
high, we preferred to take a semi special room there is a partition
in between the room and also curtains but the door is same. So that
relative of the patient staying in night can stay in the other part
of the room. If you put on the curtains you can stay privately.
Uncle was admitted for having some problem with his Kidney and has to
operate it. He was around about 45 years old. His wife, my mami with
whom the incident happened was around 33 years old lady. She used to
stay with him in the hospital. She used to stay for 24 hrs and I use
to be there at night and in daytime for 1-2 hours. But not every
night I can stay there because her kid then has to stay alone in
home. I spent 2 nights in the hospital, but then she asked me to
stay in home with her kid. So I asked one of my friend Varun to stay
there with her in the hospital. That would be helpful, so she also
agreed with my proposal.

Let me describe the heroine and the hero of the story now. Mami is 33
years old, but she is well build with a nice figure of 34C-28-36. She
was having the perfect round shape boobs. She is good looking, fair,
long black hair. Her buttock was also so attractive and was also
perfect in size and she has a cute smile. Whenever I go to hospital
she sitting carelessly because of tension. She uses to wear sari and
her pallu never use to be there on its place especially at night when
she is sleeping. Her navel is clearly visible because she wears sari
below her navel. And she has a nice flat tummy, with a little fat,
which make it look sexier. Now my friend Varun, he is senior than
me. He is 26 and was in his family business. Good looking hunk, 5-
10 height and with a good exercised physique.

Ok now I will come to the real incident. On the third night of
Varun's staying there with her, at around 1 p.m. when all in the
hospital was almost asleep, mama got a pain in his stomach very
badly. Aditi mami went to call the doctor, but doctor had gone to
some other patient and nurses and ward boys was sleeping, she become
so tensed. Varun waked up asked her what's the problem. She told
him the problem and no one was there to help her. Varun told her to
stay back and went to search the doctor and the doctor was there.
Doctor gave him some pain killer injection and he was ok in 20 min or
so. As Varun was sitting and chatting with her and making her relax.
As she was worrying, she put her head on his shoulder, by that time
mama was asleep because of the injection. Varun was trying to make
her relax by tapping on her back, her sexy round and soft boob was
touching him and his tool was erect soon. By mistake her hand touched
his tool and she gave him a shy smile.

On seeing her shy smile, at a moment Varun though he would fuck her.
He took mami to balcony and started chatting with her, she told him,
mama is facing this problem since 2 years and now the doctor came to
know what the problem is. They were chatting on this and after some
time Varun made my mami a bit relaxed. And then they chatted with
other things. After a while something knocked Varun's mind and then
without wasting anytime he asked her why you smiled in the room, she
again felt shy and reply very boldly that, tumhare woha pe hat laga
that is why. Then he asked her about her sex life and she told that
she is hungry for it for last 2 years.

On hearing that his hand went on her boobs and started playing under
her saree but on the blouse. She told me that this is not a suitable
place for doing romance but he was very horny he carry on the
activity for some time. Varun was caressing her boobs one by one.
They felt so soft in his hand. By that time she also got horny and
touched his cock. Then they decided to go in side the room and carry
on freely. But as he was about to remove her blouse her husband turn
round, facing toward them and might have woke up but he was not so
conscious because of injection. So they decided it was risky to make
love there. Both of them were so horny they wanted to make love in
any case, but were not possible there.

There was a ward boy, whom he use to give money for tea and as he was
taking care of my mama. He though to take a chance and ask him if
there is any room vacant and told him. He wanted it for just 2 -3
hours and not to tell it to anyone, he asked for what Varun wanted
the room, he told him that none of your business and gave him 500
rupees. He agreed to it. But then it was the problem for her as mama
was awake. Varun told her to go to the doctor and request him to give
some medicine so that he can go fast asleep. Doctor also knew the
problem with him, so he gave an injection, in 15mins or so he was
fast a sleep. Then Varun told her to go to the room, which the ward
boy had open up and after 10 min He went in.

Varun went inside and lock the door from inside. Aditi mami was ready
on the bed waiting for Varun. This was a special room and was have
A.C. and also bathroom inside, the bed was also good. He went near
her and told her that he has paid 500 rupees for this room and he
will cover it up by fucking her. She told Varun had you made me wait
for a long time? Don't waist time talking and love me. Then Varun sat
on the bed and started doing tickling on her stomach as she had wore
a saree. He wanted to anticipate her so that she gets more excited
and same thing happened she become very horny. Then Varun cought her
with her hairs and started doing french kiss, by the time they both
were so horny that they did not want to leave each other. They
continue kissing and meanwhile Varun started playing with Aditi
mami's boobs and place her hand on his dick, both of them were
playing with each other tools from outside.

After 5 - 10 min, he stopped and remove her saree her blouse and
peticoat (the thing which wore under the saree). Now my sexy mami was
only in bra and panty and she was feeling shy a bit. Then Varun told
her to remove his clothes, first she remove his t-shirt and then his
pant. His lund was now rock hard and it was peeping out from his
underwear, she again got horny looking at it. Now they both were just
wearing our inner. Varun started kissing from down the legs, thigh on
her panty then her stomach and squeeze her boobs with his mouth.
Then Varun kissed Aditi mami on the neck and she got so excited that
she holds him with his hairs and started kiss him. Now he laid on her
but still the innerwear was on, they kiss each other for 10 min, then
he removed her bra and beautiful, sexy round melons were in front of
him. Varun started suck her nipple and she also was enjoying the
sucking she told him suck it hard. Now his cock was out of control,
she now also wanted his dick inside her cunt. Varun removed her
panty, her shaved cunt had become very juicy. He started sucking and
licking the juice, it was giving very exciting smell. Now he wanted
her to suck his lund, so they got into 69 position, and started
enjoying, as they were doing it for some time. She was so crazy to
suck his dick and his dick was also not sucked like this before. They
continue it for 5 min more. His lund was ready and now it was his
chance to fuck my beautiful mami's beautiful hole. He straightaway
mounted his lund on her cunt, and started inserting it in her. She
start crying in pain and in excitement please do it slowly and he
followed her as he did not want to hurt her, after first 5 min her
valley become smooth and now she was ready to take it hard. Now she
was screaming, fuck me hard, fuck me! Fuck my hole! It's all yours.
They continue for 5 minutes and Varun released his cum in Aditi
mami's glory hole and then layed back for relaxing.

Now in 5 min she got impatient and came on Varun, she sat on his lap
and started inserting his dick in her hole, this was very exciting,
first she go on slowly and then she increases her speed. Aditi mami
now fucked my friend Varun for some time and then Varun told her to
bend on her knees and started fuck her in doggy style. She got so
satisfaction in this position, that she told him tomorrow you first
start with this position. Now it had become very late, so they
decided to end the session but before that he told her to have a bath
together, while bathing we also enjoyed a lot caressing each other's
body. Then they came back to the room.

