Naked Time, Fun Time
by exhibitionist_princess

What happened when I went naked to my friend's neighbourhood.

After my first naked adventure, I decided to go out naked again. This time it would be more exciting because I would be going to a neighbourhood where a friend lived. I knew that it would be embarrassing, as well as risky if they caught me. However, excitement always wins. I always loved to be naked, and that's probably why I felt wet instantly, thinking of the upcoming adventure. I had no time to waste, so I sat with a pen and paper and made an almost perfect plan.

It was the month of November. The weather was neither hot nor cold. I got up with the alarm on my phone. I walked to the balcony without turning the lights on and looked at the front of our house. The street was empty, and the lights in the houses were off. Slowly, I opened my bedroom door and looked around. Everyone in our house was asleep. I took my clothes off and left them on the table. I came out of the room, collected the main door key from the shelf and stepped outside the house.

I was standing on the street without clothes. I could feel the silence of the night. My neighbourhood was sleeping deeply. The last time I had gone to the park naked, but this time, I had to go naked from my neighbourhood to my friend's neighbourhood. I looked around again to make sure that everything was okay.

I started walking east. My naked body was glistening under the moonlit night. For the first time, I was walking down the lonely main street. My nipples became erect when the cool breeze blew with a gentle touch on them. I brought my hair to the front on my left shoulder.

Finally, I reached my friend's neighbourhood. I had visited her before, but that was during the day. I could feel the deep silence in all the houses. Everyone was sleeping peacefully. They didn't know a girl without her clothes on was present in their neighbourhood. That thought was enough to make me wet. I could feel that I already started getting moist down there. It happened before, too, and I always enjoyed the feeling. Staying wet during an outing makes the horny atmosphere even hornier. I reached down there and felt the wetness between my legs. I could feel the sticky juice all over my fingers. I moved my wet fingers in a circular motion around my belly button. I had never done that before. I felt the mound of my pussy with my other hand. It felt so soft that I could not resist touching myself.

Suddenly, I noticed that a motorbike was coming out of a house. I could not decide what to do at that moment and hid behind a car parked outside of another house. I waited there until the motorbike finally disappeared in the dark. I slowly came to the street again and decided to go to my friend's house. She lived with her family. They didn't have a main gate, so I could easily go into their backyard. I sat on a chair in their backyard and spread my legs apart. The cool breeze was feeling so nice that I couldn't stop myself from touching. My juices were a bit cold, too. I was rubbing the shaved mound of my pussy until the juices started to make the chair wet. I pushed two fingers inside my wet pussy and started fingering myself in a rhythmic way. I had no intention of moaning in their backyard, but it was impossible to control my feeling. I opened my mouth, looking at the clear sky, and moaned a little louder.

"Ahhh...!!"

Suddenly, I felt an electric shock through my spine. What would I do if they already heard me moaning? I stood up walked out of their backyard and waited behind the same car. No, they evidently hadn't heard me. The lights were still off and nobody came out of her house. My sticky juices were running down my legs and the thought made me wetter. I needed to masturbate badly; otherwise, I could not return home.

I noticed a log was near the street. It was long and thick. I sat on it like I sit on bikes while riding, and felt the harsh surface against my wet cum dripping pussy. I started rubbing myself against the log and felt something that I had never felt before. I kept rubbing myself against it until my pussy started to hurt a little. Even the mild pain in my pussy was giving me an out of the world pleasure.

"Mmmmmmm...!!"

A sound came out of my mouth, unintentionally. I kept riding the log and rubbing my soaking wet pussy on it until I felt an urge to cum. I was unable to hold myself. I tried to close my legs, but I was unable to close them because the log was between my thighs and I was riding sitting on it. My legs started to shake as before, and I squirted a huge load of cum all over the log. I was gripping the log tightly when my juices spread out of my pussy.

After I finally released, I sat on the log for a while. My heart was pounding like a drum, my pussy was numb and I had small drops of sweat all over my body. Slowly, I got off the log and stood still at the edge of the street. My legs were so tired that I could barely walk. I didn't know why, but I started feeling a bit colder. Probably it was because my horniness had gone and I got back to my senses. I had to walk, or probably run, to reach my home. I felt a little embarrassed as well as scared. Covering my boobs and pussy with my hands, I started running to reach my home as soon as possible.

Finally, I reached home. Fortunately, I did not have any issue on the way home. I had left my phone on the table before going outdoors. I took it in my hand to check the time and noticed there was a message left.

"Nice show! ;)", sent by Sneha.

Sneha!?!

Sneha was the girl, or better to say she was my friend, to whose neighbourhood I went. I masturbated in her backyard, too.

"WHAT...THE...FUCK!!"

Those three words came out of my mouth unknowingly.