Final Fantasy Seven: TFLN Cues 
(Texts from Last Night)

Rating: T
BETA: Ziggy Pasta…
Cue: there was a party in your bed …
Warning: Well, I think there should be a warning placed every time Genesis is in one of these. Yaoi and jealousy.
Disclaimer: Don't own FF7 Fandom, just using for my own amusement. Do not profit from this endeavour.
Characters: Sephiroth, Genesis, Angeal and Zack
POV: Genesis

PARTY

"Oh. You just got back?" Genesis said as he looked up at Angeal and Sephiroth as they walked into the First Classes lounge. "You're a day late."

Sephiroth dropped himself in the nearest chair and promptly put his feet on the table. Angeal was more graceful but still looked as tired.

"Rough trip?" Genesis asked, but didn't care what the answer was. He was still disgruntled that he was left behind. It was supposed to be his fight. He was a better choice than Sephiroth for the trip to Wutai. He would have handled it well on his own. He wouldn't have needed the assistance of his childhood friend or his current bed friend.

~fuck buddy~

"It was horrible," Angeal grumbled and ran his hand over his face. "I am glad that Zack didn't go on this run."

He couldn't help but smile at the Puppy's name being mentioned.

~it would have been safer if they had taken him with them~

"What have you been up to?" Sephiroth asked dully.

~not that you really care~

"Oh, this and that," he said absently and he dramatically stood and stretched, grabbing his coat from the back of the chair. He smirked down at the drowsy Sephiroth. "Thursday was interesting. The Second Classes threw quite a party. It was worth attending."

Sephiroth had already closed his eyes and gave a grunt in response. Angeal gave a sigh. "You went to the party then? Did you make sure that Zack didn't get into trouble?"

Genesis couldn't help but laugh. "I made sure that your Puppy was well taken care of, Angeal." He could see the cold look from his childhood friend and how his back stiffened at the response.

~serves you both right for leaving me behind~

"You did?" was Angeal's stiff reply. He could hear the tension in his friend's voice.

"Indeed," he said, using Sephiroth's favourite word.

He trailed a hand over the shoulder of the silver-haired General, getting a sluggish response and a mumble about how tired he was. He leaned in close to his ear and resisted the urge to nibble on it as he said the next words. "When you get back to your place, you may want to change the sheets. There was a party in your bed, and you weren't invited."

He quickly stood as Sephiroth's green eyes snapped open. Sephiroth didn't move from his place of rest but there was confusion and anger forming in those sharp emerald eyes. Angeal grumbled at him about the inappropriateness of his actions.

He shrugged. He didn't care what they thought. They had left him behind while they went out acting like heroes; he was going to take what he could, if they were going to hold back the glory that he deserved.

"there was a party in your bed and you weren't invited... change your sheets…" inspirational text 

And so we find out the mystery of where the hell Zack was and who he was with and who he was with. I hope it was worth the wait people.
Gen is such a prick.