Art Class
by anonenffan

Art Class (Chapter The Storm)

The weather service warned her. High winds can change anything. There were clear skies for one moment, and over the next twenty-something minutes, darker clouds moved in. And yet, Penny kept glancing at her phone. The radar showed a menacing purple blob, marching on a little green dot. Every refresh showed the blob threatening to swallow that meager blip.

Penny grit her teeth and slid her phone into her sweater pouch. She resumed her jog, despite a heavy breeze shoving spring weather out of the way. Seven thousand more steps would satisfy her target. A little rain wouldn’t be that big of a deal. Thunder growled from the skies above. Her casual jog accelerated, with longer, frantic strides. A few laps around the college was all she needed.

She stopped at a corner of the sidewalk and put her hands on her knees. Her chest heaved and her heart hammered. With her eyes on the ground, she noticed something on the concrete beneath her. A wet spot, about the size of a quarter, on the ground. Seconds later, another appeared right next to it. The sky roared, and dozens started to decorate the sidewalk.

“Crap,” Penny said. She tugged on the hood of her sweatshirt and adjusted her golden length of hair. Once past the neck hole of her sweater, she felt her locks tickle the back of her shoulders. Then she pulled the hood over the top of her head. Seconds later, the storm began to unload. Thousands of droplets splattered against the pavement.

Penny took a breath and frowned at the sky. Then she resumed her jog. Rain wasn’t that big of a deal, and it wouldn’t be as bad as letting herself get lazy. The only real downside was that her sweatshirt and sweatpants would need more time in the drier. With her hands balled into fists, she resumed her precious lap.

She moved halfway through her first lap before the sky growled again. Soon the rain began to pound the Earth around her, diving sheets of chilling water on everything in sight, including her. Penny pushed, not letting a few puddles stop her from performing figure maintenance. Even if it didn’t take long to soak her clothes.

‘This is better,’ she thought to herself. ‘My clothes get heavier, that’s more resistance, better workout, better figure.’ She nodded and kept walking despite the furious sky. It wasn’t long before her workout clothes became waterlogged and heavy. Her shoes squelched with each stride.

Penny rounded another corner, feeling the weight of her sweater sopping against herself. Her clothes might need an entire day in the drier at this rate. Little was she aware that her sweatpants couldn’t cling to her hips with all the added weight. Despite the vice grip of the drawstrings, they inched, tugging something along the way.

The aggressive storm released another crack of thunder with some howling wind. “Ah!” Penny squeaked. As the sky continued its relentless assault, Penny could barely see a few feet in front of her. Penny grit her teeth. The entrance to the college wasn’t far. Her hands balled into fists. The workout would have to wait.

Penny turned and directed her jog toward the college. She bolted to run across the grass, but soon found her foot sinking. “Wah!” she gasped and flailed her arms. With a thick splash, Penny found herself falling face-first into a deeper puddle. Her head jolted from the cold water as she scrambled to better footing.

Her sweatpants protested. They sagged down her creamy thighs and exposed her white panties. The panties themselves sat halfway down her buttocks. Two steps and she tripped again. Chilly water splashed against her intimates.

Her eyes went wide and blush ignited on her cheeks. “EEE!” she squeaked. “C-cold!” Penny scrambled, trying to rise to her feet, but felt resistance at her ankles. Her sweatpants hooked onto something. “C-come on, come on!” Penny hissed, feeling the sweats slide down her legs. The panties were at her knees, and the sweatpants clung to her ankles. Half of her body was exposed. And at a college campus like this one, it wouldn’t be long before someone would see her.

Penny tugged and tried to get her sweatpants loose. Whatever hooked them wasn’t letting go. She sighed, knowing she had one option for freedom. The toe of one shoe pressed against the heel of the other. With her footwear left behind in the puddle, she was able to slip her legs through the sweats. With a quick glance around her, she slid her panties down the rest of her legs.

Her heart raced, not only from the workout but from her situation. First, she twisted her panties, squeezing water from the fabric. She glanced at her sweatpants as she did this. What could have hooked them? Perhaps a sprinkler?

Another stark roar of thunder broke her concentration. “Ah!” Penny gasped. “Just a second, just a second!” The sky flashed. Lightning exploded. A cacophony of car alarms screeched at her ears. She screamed and dropped the panties, sprinting for the front door, her bare feet pattering against the pavement. Wind whipped around her exposed privates, reminding her that half her wardrobe stayed behind.

The door’s hinges squeaked but didn’t fight her as she slipped inside. Penny took a breath and sighed. Her whole body trembled as she wobbled over to a wall. A simple door softened the thunder.

Penny took a glance outside and saw the real danger she was in. Pouring rain. Flashing lightning. No delay between the bolts and the thunder. A heavy breath escaped her. “At least I’m safe…” She blushed and glanced at her legs. She reached for the hemline of her sweater and tugged it below her thighs. A shiver ran up her back. “I’m still… not decent…”

The barely dressed girl walked deeper into the campus. She wandered, giving curious glances at the area around her. She was a student there, but she never used this particular wing. Still, Penny tugged the sweatshirt over herself and ducked into the ladies room.

With her sweater, she could still pass for decent. But the air slipping between her legs gave an ongoing reminder that her pants were in a puddle, along with her underwear. Even her shoes and socks were drifting outside. Penny looked in the mirror. She wasn’t showing anything too intimate, but her sweater was still dripping. Her toes touched cold water, and she cringed. She was leaving a trail.

The thunder rumbled again. Penny sighed and took refuge in a privacy stall. The little lock clacked and sealed the world away for the moment.

“May as well let this dry while the storm passes…” Penny said under her breath. Her heart hammered for a moment as she pulled the sweater over her head. The hood hung from the coat hook. A shiver ran down Penny’s back. She looked down at her humble chest. Her bra was every bit as soaked.

“It’s not a big deal, it’s not a big deal…” Penny repeated to herself. Her fingers worked the clasp and got a gentle “snap.” Her bra joined the sweater on the coat hook to dry.

Arms wrapped around her chest out of instinct. She was in a privacy stall, sure. But she was still naked. Cold air tickled her wet flesh. Red tickled her cheeks as she felt so exposed. So naked. So vulnerable.

Penny stayed in the stall, watching her remaining attire dry. She kept her hands in covering positions. Still, she shivered. Cold water rolled down her body, and crisp air conditioning tugged at her skin. Her jaw almost chattered.

“A-am I really that cold?” She whispered to herself. Penny wrapped her arms around her torso. There wasn’t much else she could do. The naked girl rubbed her hands together and blew warm breath into clammy fingers. “If only there was a heater instead…” Penny frowned. She repeated her efforts to warm her hands for a moment. It was less than effective.

Then her eyes widened. “That’s it!” Penny whispered. She wrapped her arms around herself. The tips of her chest poked her forearm. Her cheeks only felt hotter. A trembling hand undid the door lock. Penny inched it open and poked her head out toward the sinks. Then she checked behind her. An empty restroom stared back.

With arms in covering positions, she extended a shaky leg out from safety. ‘I can’t believe I’m doing this. I can’t believe I’m naked right now,’ she thought. On the wall opposite the sinks, were some air dryers.

“Perfect!” she said, checking every direction before approaching the dryer. Every step took her further from her clothes. Further from safety. But just a little warmth was all she needed. Then she’d bolt right back into the stall. Maybe she’d use it to dry her clothes faster.

She waved her hand in front of the sensor and warm air began to rush out of the chrome nozzle. The nude girl spread her fingers as much as possible to let the air hug them with warmth. Penny bit her lip, turned, and lowered her stance. A pleased groan escaped her as heat flowed over her chilled back.

“Should have thought of this sooner…” Penny hummed. She wrapped her arms around her humble chest and stood up. The warm air rolled down her lower back and bare backside. She couldn’t help but squeeze her thighs. For the moment, she was alone, but this was still a public restroom. At any moment, somebody could come in.

A door squeaked.

Penny’s eyes shattered. A hand dove between her legs. Somebody was coming! She had to run. Back to the stall before somebody saw her!

As Penny turned toward the privacy stalls, she saw a door further down from hers opening. Her eyes widened. “N-no!” She gasped. They were coming out. Penny turned and bolted for the exit. The safety and all of her remaining clothing stayed behind.

Back out into the brisk air of the hallway, Penny felt adrenaline flooding her veins. Whoever was in the restroom would be back out in seconds. The storm continued to rage outside.

“Gotta hide…!” Penny put her hands between her legs and ran to the nearest classroom. A clammy hand fumbled around the handle before she shoved her way in. She turned and looked into the hallway through a crack in the doorway. Her pulse roared in her ears. The other female made her way into the hallway, eyes on her phone as she walked passed.

Penny’s body slacked. “…Don’t think she saw… just gotta get back in there…”

“Oh hey, are you the model?” came a voice.

Penny’s blood ran cold. The blonde twisted her head. How did she not notice? Students were in the classroom, all looking at her. All of them were able to see her completely naked body from head to toe. There were about eight or so. Panic made it hard for her to count.

“Um… hello?” said a nearby female. “You’re the model, right?”

“…Th-the model?” Penny parroted. The eyes crawled all over her.

“Yeah. We were expecting a model today for everyone to draw,” said a male further back.

Did nobody question her nudity? They thought she was a model? Penny’s eyes scanned the room. There was a pedestal. Easels all sat around the center pedestal. She could detect a faint scent of oil-based paints. All the puzzle pieces snapped together. This was an art class.

“Sooo…. you’re the model right?” The first female repeated. She had a tiny smirk on her face.

Penny hesitated. All those eyes were on her naked figure. It took all her mental strength to contain a scream. If she told the truth, they’d call her a streaker, a pervert. She might get kicked out of school. But if she lied, they’d be looking at her for a lot longer. Her mind ran in circles and her body trembled.

“…You okay?” The girl tilted her head. “You’re kind of shivering.”

“S-sorry! Um… I’m just… c-cold,” Penny barely responded.

“Oh! Right! I guess that makes sense,” the girl noted. “Hey, where’s the space heater?” She turned toward the other students.

“Gimme a sec,” said the male. He made his way toward a closet in the back. After shuffling a couple of things around, he returned with the metal box. “Found it,” he said, carrying it toward the pedestal. As he unraveled a cable, he nodded at Penny. “Bet the other art classes don’t think ahead like this!” He nodded, extending the cable towards the outlet.

Penny took a breath. If they thought she was a model… she wouldn’t get in trouble. And they seemed friendly enough. They would be drawing her. Drawing her exposed and completely naked form. But what other choice did she have?

“Th-thank you,” Penny cleared her throat. “I’m um… a little new at this. I hope you don’t mind…”

“Oh don’t worry about that,” the girl said. “How does the line go…” she put a hand to her chin. “The expert has failed more times than the beginner has tried! Or something like that. You’ll be fine.”

“R-right!” Penny faked a smile. She took a breath and trembled as she took crawling steps to the podium. Once she stood on top, her pulse picked up again. The elevated view made her feel all the more exposed. All the more naked. All those eyes would be looking at her body. They had a goal to capture every detail of her nudity.

Warm air hugged her body as the little space heater hummed to life.

“There we go! If you wanna mess with it, this dial does the temp, and this one does the fan strength,” the male student said, pointing to the dials.

“Ooh..” Penny hummed. She gave a small smile through her crimson cheeks. “Th-thank you.” She looked to the leading girl. “Um… so what kind of pose should I take?”

“You’re a newbie, right?” the first girl said, twisting her pencil through a little sharpener. “Doesn’t have to be some fancy yoga pose. You can do something easy.”

“O-okay…” Penny nodded. She was a model. A model wasn’t supposed to be shy. They probably kept up on their workouts better than her too. Could she cover-up? Penny let a hand rest over her lap as she leaned forward. Her other hand ran through her hair. “H-here we go.”

There Penny stood, naked as the day she was born, atop a pedestal for an art class. Eyes were looking at her. They were looking at every inch of her naked form. A little chorus of pencils scratching against paper taunted her ears. She was allowing them to view her exposed body.

Her heart raced as her eyes looked over herself. She did her best to maintain her pose. But her nipples still tightened as a result of their unguarded state. There was at least a small comfort coming from the space heater. The pleasant heat hugged her skin.

Occasionally a student would hold up their pencil and close one eye. Penny winced, but the sound of pencil scratching returned.

“Hey, I can’t quite get this shape right,” said one voice.

“Lemme see…” replied another. One student leaned next to another. They looked at the students’ easel, then at Penny. “Might be the proportion… that angle is a little tricky.”

Penny gulped. They were all looking at her. She felt so exposed. The class was going to catch every detail about her. Her racing heart ran like she was sprinting, despite being tasked to merely stand.

“Okay, so what you wanna do… she’s got these cute looks around this part. Try doing it this way.” Said one student to another.

“…Cute?” Penny squeaked. “Y-you think I’m cute?” Her heart bounced between her stomach and her throat.

The whole class peeked around their drawings.

“Honestly, yeah. Cutest model we’ve had in a while,” explained the first girl. “Everyone’s beautiful in different ways, you tick a few extra boxes.”

“Yeah, seems like you work really hard,” said another.

“Oh… y-yeah I do. Thank you!” Penny said. A warm glow tickled her heart and kept warm blush on her cheeks. They thought she was cute. Her hard work was proving its worth. They were seeing every secret she had to hide. From the humble curves of her chest to the smooth surface between her legs. Instead of ridicule, the students would discuss even proportions. How the light danced across her silky skin.

‘This… isn’t so bad… I’m not shaking anymore. Am I… relaxing? It’s gotta be because of the heater, right?’ Penny thought. Her blush embered, ‘I wouldn’t enjoy this kind of attention…’

Some time passed. The storm calmed, and so did Penny. Soon the smell of paint held through the air. All the artists in the classroom were giving their drawings some color.

The first girl smirked. “Hey, I think everyone’s got the pose. You can take a break if you want.”

Penny took a breath and broke her stance. “Right… thanks.” She nodded at everyone and bit her lip. “Let me just…” Her face turned a brighter shade of red. Then the nude girl faced her backside toward the space heater, and let the warm air flow over her nakedness.

It was far better than that cheap little hand drier.

The class gave a collective chuckle. Penny put a hand over her face. Why did she do that? Was she really enjoying this?

“I think if you try to adjust the expression… because cuteness is also in personality. Like what she just did there was fun,” said one student to another. “So maybe if you draw the eyebrows more this way…”

Even that silly action was seen as cute. Penny couldn’t pull her face from her hands. Her cheeks felt hot to the touch. More than even her backside in the direct flow of the space heater. She finally stepped from the pedestal and moved to a seat. Muscles ached from being in one position. She didn’t cover-up. It didn’t seem like there was a point anymore. Not when everyone had been analyzing her for the last hour.

“I think everyone’s finishing up, wanna see how their paintings turned out?” said the first girl.

Penny blinked. “Oh! Um, of course!” She stood, and walked around the classroom to the circle of easels.

“Alright, check this out!” said the male student.

Part of Penny expected a lewd drawing from him. Wider hips, bigger boobs, slick thighs. Her eyes widened when she saw the real result. “Whoa…”

The painting was of her. Only with green skin. And messed up hair. She barely looked human and more like a zombie. A zombie with an odd smirk, as it approached the viewer. Oddly enough, zombie Penny had clothes on. Albeit they had suggestive rips and tears, she was in fact, dressed.

“Wow… I thought it would be like a normal portrait of me. You made me a zombie!”

“Yep, everyone’s supposed to do something different!” The student replied.

“Have a look at mine!” said another student.

Penny strolled over, and her jaw fell again. This painting depicted her as a pirate. She was adjusting her hat with one hand and inspecting a ruby with the other. Like the zombie drawing, she had clothes. Pirate Penny was still revealing, with a tight shirt framing cleavage and her pants had a low dipping “v” shape beneath her navel. A pistol holster caused it to lean and reveal hip.

“I’m not in a beginner art class, am I?” Penny blushed and smiled.

“Oh a lot of us have been at it for a while,” replied the student.

This was a continuing trend. Amazing art depicted Penny in different forms. A fantasy huntress Penny sought her prey. A futuristic robot Penny, with a shiny metal body, performed maintenance. An adorable fairy Penny was casting a spell. Even a mermaid that was tricking some sailors. Every drawing stayed at least somewhat tasteful, putting clothing on her body.

The first girl showed her painting. It was a back view of Penny, holding her hair away from her face so she could sniff a little flower. She was in the woods, with a big smile, and seemed calm.

It was the only painting that kept her completely nude.

Penny blushed, as her bare bottom was the clear center subject of the painting. Of course it was, the first girl was behind her. Despite showing her completely naked, it still kept a tasteful, pure nature to it. She drew the legs to conceal her genitals. The first girl showed her curves but only showed a little side boob. The real work went into a calm expression and drawing light.

Her heart fluttered. It was well drawn. Probably the best one there. “This is… this is really good!”

“Ooh, I saw her hesitate, I think she has a favorite!” Said the guy.

“Hey, I was the only one who didn’t dress her up!” The first girl winked.

The nude girl covered her face. There were a few giggles. She had to hide her smile.

As the students packed their things and left, Penny smiled and waved. “You guys are all great! Thanks for having me!”

“Thanks for letting us draw you!” said one as they left.

Penny took a seat at the desk. She went through an entire art class as the subject. And it was fun. They treated her well, and they made amazing art. Nobody gave her a hard time for being naked the whole way through. ‘I can’t imagine nicer people,’ she thought as she watched them leave.

Then her face fell. ‘…Crap, I still don’t have my clothes! I should have asked them for help!’ Her body slacked.

“Hey, you can get dressed now, you know,” said the first girl, putting a few pencils in her bag. “Don’t think another class is coming for a while.”

“Oh, that’s fine I’m just uh…” Penny gulped as her embarrassment started to come in. “I’m comfortable for right now.”

“Ha, can’t blame ya. Not everyone can get comfort AND style at the same time,” the first girl giggled. “By the way, what’s your name?”

She smiled as she fought a returning urge to cover up. “I’m Penny!”

“Nice to meet you, Penny. I’m Keira,” she said. She took another look at her painting. “You want this after it’s graded? You have a super cute butt. Had a lot of fun drawing it.”

Penny’s legs began to wobble. ‘Why did she have to say that?’ she thought. Her thighs squeezed together. “Oh um, that’s fine. You worked really hard on it to make it so good!”

“Alright. Well, if you ever wanna model again, we’re usually here every Tuesday at One,” Keira said. “I’m hoping you do!” She made her way toward the exit.

Penny’s heart began to race. She bolted from the desk. “W-wait! Kiera!” The nude girl darted to block the path to the door. Confidence shattered and embarrassment flooded her. A hand slid between her legs while the other cradled her chest.

“Hmm? What’s wrong?” Kiera blinked, seeing a total change in attitude.

“I… I…” she looked around to ensure they were alone. “I’m not really a model! I lied…” Her eyes went to the floor. “I… I lost my clothes and hid in here… you guys thought I was the model and you guys were so nice to me and I didn’t know what to do…”

“Whoa whoa, calm down!” Kiera waved her hands. “I thought you were super nervous when you came in. Geeze, you really went along with all that because of some bad luck?”

Penny gave a slow nod.

“You’re as brave as you are cute,” Kiera giggled. She shook her head and waved her hand. “Alright, just relax and I’ll help you out. Do you know where your clothes are?”

“There um… there should be a sweater in the bathroom,” Penny said in a meek voice.

“Be right back!” Kiera winked. She turned and walked out of the classroom.

Penny recoiled out of view. She sighed. As long as Kiera could find her sweater, she could try braving the trip home. It had to be dry by now. She’d still be bottomless and exposed, but at least she could pass for dressed.

Moments later, Kiera returned. Much to Penny’s dismay, Kiera also returned empty-handed.

“I’m guessing the cleaning staff got to it first… sorry,” Kiera scratched the back of her head. “But don’t worry, I’ll still help you out. Let me think…” The better-dressed girl looked throughout the room. Then she snapped her fingers. “I’ve got it!”

***

Kiera stepped outside, looking both ways around the school’s entrance. “The coast is clear, my car is this way. Let’s get moving!”

Penny shivered as she stepped out. This idea was crazy, but what other options were there? “W-wait up!” the barely covered girl pleaded. “I can’t get the knot right!”

“If you’re quick it won’t matter, keep moving!” Kiera said.

Penny’s fingers fumbled behind her neck. Her face was as crimson as some of the stains on her apron. A simple knot became impossible under stress. The rougher fabric covering her smoother skin was an odd sensation. And it did almost nothing for her backside.

“Hurry up!” Kiera called out.

“H-hold on, I- Ah!” Penny squealed. The straps slipped from Penny’s hand. One of the straps got tangled in the door, whisking the entire apron off her bare body. 
