Hi, ISS readers me Dev, 24years old, handsome guy, I am interested to doing sex with married woman & I am very lover boy of boobs lets start about my stories which is happened two years back. Lets start one Saturday I do my all work & going to play when I come to my home my mom tell that my friend mom call me for some work then I call back to the friends home, his mm receive the call &tell that for some work my friend is going to his uncles house, she have alone& she tell for me to stay there because she is alone

I liked her very much since my childhood, she will talk with me casually about all matters so I liked her very much and I also love to talk with her let me tell abt her ,she is 35 and gave birth to 2 childs and she is sexy 38 34 38 and I liked her boobs very much she came to my house to stay there for at least 10 days and to have a nice time with my family and her husband didnt come coz he is having some work.

One day our family members are planned to go to beach, we arranged a car and I sat next to my aunt we 4 r sitting in the back seat so I got a nice chance to rub her boobs in the rush, she never says a word and I enjoyed the whole ride by rubbing her boobs and we had a nice time in beach in beach her second child start crying and I asked y he is crying she told me that he got hungry and I have to feed him milk but how could I feed him in the middle of the beach and I told her dont worry lets go to the car and feed the milk she nodded and took the child to the car and she also ask me to come and stand there coz she hesitate to go the car lonely then I followed her she sat in the back seat and start feed her child and I sat in the front seat and I could see her boobs clearly from the front mirror.

The boobs were looking very sexy and my dick got erect by seeing this scene, she didnt see me and I control my feelings till she finished feeding while returning from beach I again rub her boobs in the night my mom and dad went to their room and me ,my aunt and her childs were went to another room for to sleep.

In the night I lay beside my aunt and I think how to seduce her I got an idea and beat the child without making noise and the child starts crying and my aunt woke up and start feed her child and I had an nice view of her boobs and my dick got erect after finished her feeding aunt again went to sleep but I thought my aunt will give a stare at my erect dick but she didnt, I simply lay there for half an hour and slowly put my leg on her leg she didnt move and I slowly moved her saree from her leg and still she didnt respond I moved it further till her thighs and enter my legs in between her legs and I felt her body temperature in my leg. Slowly I put my hand in her hip and slowly moved it towards her boobs.

I slowly unlocked her blouse and kept my hand in her breast and lay like that for 15 mins and I start to slowly press her boobs she didnt even moan I got courage and I unhooked her bra and kept my hand in boobs she gave a slight moan and I got scared and I moved my hand from her boobs and she gave a moan and turn to my side and she slept again and it gave me close view of her boobs to me and I again moved her saree till her hip ,to my surprise she didnt wear any panty and I got a view of her shaved cunt then slowly I put my hand in her cunt and I slowly enter my finger in to her and gave a gentle stroke I went to her cunt and slowly sucked it ,she widened her legs to give me a good view and I start to suck her hardly now she start to give some moans and I didnt cared abt that moans and to press her boobs.

Now she press my head towards her cunt and start saying come on ameer make me come it gave me full courage and sucked it like a mad dog and she moaned hardly and said come on ameer insert ur dick inn to my cunt then I insert it in to her cunt and start stroke slowly her cunt was tight for me and she start moan hardly ,I felt like I was flying in the heaven and I pressed her and frenched her after some strokes she make me lay in the bed and she sat on my lap and insert my dick in to her cunt and start stroking.

We both enjoyed it for a long time and I was almost to come and I told her that I am going to come then she put my dick in her mouth and start sucking it, and I came on her mouth then we both went to bathroom and cleaned up and v both slept in the bed by hugging each other then she told me ur disk was very big in size and in diameter, but her hubbys was smaller than urs and he wont last for this much time from that day onwards we both had sex daily in the night for 15 days continuously. Im eagerly waiting for her to my hometown again. 



Hi this is John again I want to tell a story about my old tuition teacher and also my aunt my name is John the story had happened recently when I was studying in lower classes my aunt used to take me tuitions and they were three sisters all of them takes tuitions I was very keen to go there tuitions because thy all were friendly to me and my classes were over and I completed my studies and I become a graduate .and all the three were teachers they all get married with in that period of time one of them was married by a uncle of me itself and other two were married in our place itself I was friendly with every three of then but after marriage I didnt met the younger aunt after a period of time they bought a land near our house they built a house there and began to live there we were simply have no talking only when seeing her we will talk the story start from here.

One day I was going with my bike and this aunt asked me lift to her school and I give her the lift I did not had any bad intentions because she older than me other than she is the mother of two childrens and when I was riding bike I care fully ride no to go rash but I feel that she is leaning to wards me and talking things and I fell her breast on me but she had no change and she was talking with me and I felt her lovely breast on me from that day on wards she talk to not as a relative but to a person who is her friend when I ever go to her house she try to seduce me but I was afraid one she told me about her sexual life she said she was not satisfied with her hubby after getting pregnant second time he is not interested in sex he didnt even look sexually so she is very sad and eager to have sex so she is only having a belief that to have sex with me nobody will get suspicious and will not affected the married life so she asked me? Can u fuck me and I get afraid so I went out and we had no contact for so many days after that I had call from her that she want to meet me and not for sex so I go to her house her husband was there he asked me please give him a lift to the rail way station I pleasurably said yes because I was very afraid when I saw him then I came to know that he Is going for a training for two months on Baroda so then I was afraid to go the house more because of her whos long journey but he told me look after his wife my aunt I said ok to him 

Then I drop him to the railway station I came back home I didnt go to his house because oh fear and aunt didnt call me also but on the next day she called me and told that she want to go for shopping so I would accompany her I said ok we went and came back tired because I was carrying her two daughters they alternately 3 and 4 yrs when we reached home we were tired so she went for the bath and the time was 11 pm all the lights of the other houses was cleared so I went to take a smoke and when I came back she didnt come out from the bathroom I was afraid so I thought to peep in to the bath room through the ventilation form out side when I peep I was astonished because she was fingering so I also get aroused by seeing her naked body what a beauty when I was watching her she stopped and started to dress and get out of the bathroom and started to call me loudly so I ran to her and she asked me where did I go I said I had to gone to take a smoke she said ok and ask me that to stay there at night I said I want go to home it is urgent so she told me that she is afraid so dont let her alone so I simply said ok and so we get in the door has been closed when we go to her room her children were sleeping nicely so she told me that the other room will good for your good sleep and we processes for the other room when entered I accidentally bump into her from behind and grabbed her ass, it felt so good, she thought it was not an accident so she turned and gave a smile and to do it once more then I said that it was an accident she was very disappointed but she didnt believed she gave me tight hug. 

I was very surprised by this move we almost fell on the side of the bed and I fell on top of her grabbing both her breasts stuck my tongue out and it touched her on her neck and then was about to get up when her hand caught mine. And she got up and found my lips and kissed them she make hot by kissing and licking I also going to taste the womens body that too my aunties I feel those warm lips, softly touching mine She gently sucked my lower lip lightly biting it at times. I could notice my tool getting hard. It was rock hard. She put her hands on my face and passed them through my hair. I put my hands around her and we stood up hugging each other. She was wearing a saree and so I passed my hand slowly under the saree onto her blouse. She was still kissing me, her tongue exploring my mouth. I was in heaven in my feelings As I touched her breasts my heart raced. slowly" she said," dont be in a hurry. There is lot of time" I removed her saree pallu and pulled my lips from her lips and started kissing her neck. Good boy", she said. She then raised her breasts as if to suggest that I kiss them too. They were huge. Melons Part of them was already bulging from her low cut blouse. I kissed and tried to suck the tender breasts. She then took my free hand and motioned me to open the hooks. She was rubbing my hair. I removed one, then the second and then the third and the last. Slowly" she said again" a woman likes it slow in the beginning." I opened her blouse slowly and she spread her hands to help me remove it. She was wearing a black bra. And it was so sexy seeing her in the bra. She pulled me towards her breast and said kiss. I kissed her slowly. First her left breast then her right. On her bra. When I attempted to remove her bra she said "no, my boy, enjoy it slowly, smoothly, softly." I kissed her on the bra for a long time. On the erect nipples the rammed through the bra. I could feel her heart beating fast. She mentioned me to take off my shirt. I did. I was not wearing a banyan. She touched me on my chest and then my back gently squeezing me. I could sense by now my underwear getting wet with my lubrication. She pushed me to the wall and held my hands and started sucking my nipple. Wow! Even now as I write about it I feel the tingling sensation running through my spine. She did it very gently. All the while I was holding her breasts and rubbing her nipples from the bra.

She sat on the sofa and pulled me towards her. I was standing and she kissed my navel. And gently bit it and sucked it. I was burning with desire. I tried to push her down but she would not allow. You must learn to control a little if you want to enjoy for long she said. I agreed. She stood up and turned around. Kiss me on my neck" she whispered. I drew ahead close and kissed her on the neck. Then on her back." unbutton the bra" she said. I removed it. And continued kissing her back. Now the saree" she told me. I removed the saree. She had the petticoat left. She turned to me. I was shivering with excitement looking at those breasts. These are the doors to a woman's orgasm. Handle them with care." she advised as I was staring at them. I bent and softly took her nipple in my mouth. I sucked it and licked it. I licked her nipple and there it stood proudly. The dark area around the nipple also firm. Then I took the other while fondling the first my hand. She moved her breast in and out of my mouth." you are learning well" she moaned. I soon understood that handling the breasts is an art that has to be learnt if one wishes to satisfy any woman. I took both her breasts in my hands and continued sucking, licking and pressing softly. She was getting very aroused for she was digging her nails into my back and clawing me. I slid towards her navel leaving her breasts. She immediately replaced my hands on her breasts and said" dont remove your hands". I kept squeezing them while licking her belly. She then took my and mentioned me to remove her petticoat. I struggled with the knot. So I cut it by the blade. She wore a white panty with flowers on it. She pushed me down. I can still remember those first smells. How they excited me!

I kissed from her panty and then her thighs and her knees and her calves and her feet. And then up again. This time when I reached her panty she pushed it down and pulled it away. For a full minute I stared at her cunt. It was wet and wild. It had been neatly shaved. Hey, come kiss me here" she said pointing to the cunt. I bent down and took her vagina lips in my mouth. I could feel her buttocks shaking a little. She held my head and moved me towards her clitoris between the vagina lips. As I sucked it, it hardened a little and I heard the pleasantest of moans. Her body arched. She twitched and turned. I lowered my lips and reached her vagina. I was wet! "put your tongue in she told me. I did so and she rammed my head with her thighs. She put my hands on her breast and I squeezed and licked. And she moaned. I can still hear them. How sweet. Then after some time she pulled me up and asked me to put my finger in her vagina. She held my hand and pushed my index finger in. I could feel the smooth surface of her insides. I pushed my finger deeper and she turned hotter and hotter. As I rubber the g-spot (she later told me about it) she shuddered and exploded. Take off your underwear" she shouted. Now is the time for fucking." I hurriedly removed my clothes and she pulled me on her and held my cock and pushed it inside her. Ooo what warmth. As I entered her face become red and wanted a hard fuck I was moving up down like machine I took my dick out and rubbed against her clitoris and her lips for few minutes until I saw her hole enlarging and contracting. I inserted my dick into her vagina. I fucked her pussy very hard for almost 15 minutes. 

While fucking her I made her to sit on my lap facing me so that I can have access to her ass hole. I fondled with her ass hole for sometime while she gave way for my finger to enter her ass hole. We both breathed hard and she moaning aaaaaaaahhhhh, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh, aaaaaaaaaahh and finally I said I am about to Cumming cuuuuummming, cuuuuummmiiiing, cuuummiiinnnngggg for you she then said to stop and she take it in the mouth drank all the juices. I was in pleasure. And then we parted for few minutes then she kissed me and then she began to suck my dick then she pulls my tongue inside her mouth. It was indeed sensational feeling for both and she held my tongue tight in her mouth by pressing her lips so that it did not slip out. Then I lick and plant kisses on entire portion of breast. We fucked over till dawn and that was wonderful night we usually fuck todays and now she likes me more than her husband and when her husband goes to job we usually were nude in her till evening now she want to fucks only from me we are now hardly fucking every day ok bye readers. 



