The Watcher
by JDSent

The Watcher Ch. 01

Kathy is being watched and she likes it.

Kathy pressed the start button and sent the washing machine to work. She sighed contentedly, last chore for the day was underway and she could relax for an hour or so while the machine did its thing. She walked quickly through the house, took the stairs two at a time and hurried along the hall to her bedroom. As she stepped into the room she smiled and noted the increase in her heart rate. She moved over beside the window, keeping herself concealed behind the blockout drapes that were only parted perhaps a foot or so at the centre of the window. She angled her head and looked through the gap at the window of the neighbouring house. Like all of the houses in this estate, there was little difference in design between houses and next door was a mirror image with a window just like Kathy's facing directly at her.

It had been three weeks since the new couple, Matt and Olivia had moved in next door and apart from a brief introductory hello over the front fence Kathy hadn't really spoken to them. Kathy's husband, Ryan, had had a couple of brief chats with the husband and Ryan said he seemed nice enough and suggested they should invite them over for a barbeque. Kathy had intended to do exactly that but hadn't done so, mostly because it was now going to be more than a little awkward.

Two weeks earlier, Kathy had been in her bedroom, changing before going out for lunch when she noticed Matt standing at his bedroom window, seemingly watching her. She had stepped out of sight, annoyed with herself for not remembering they had neighbours now. She made her way across to the window, keeping herself out of view and pushed the drape across from the side on which she stood. She stepped across to the edge of the drape and reached over to pull the other drape closed but as she did she took a peek. Matt was still standing there, staring and when he saw her he simply smiled. He was wearing only a pair of shorts and Kathy noted his broad shoulders and muscular build and it was then that she did something so strange and out of character that it left her shocked. Rather than just reaching for the far drape and dragging it closed, she stepped across the gap between the drapes, knowing that she would be seen; that Matt was watching barely three or four metres away. She was not naked, she had a bra and panties on and even though the black bra and panties were not her best or sexiest, in that moment a terrible and tremendous thrill passed through her. Her eyes flicked across to the man next door and he didn't move, just kept watching. Kathy grabbed the far drape and slowly pulled it closed, all the while holding the eyes of the watcher next door.

When the drapes met and the only outside light was a sliver on the carpet Kathy put her hand to her face and wondered why on earth she had just done that. Just as quickly she noted that it had been a serious thrill and she did not need to touch herself to know she was aroused. She had gone out to lunch with two friends but said nothing to them about her strange encounter, if that was what she could call it. Upon returning home after lunch she had extracted a vibrator and worked herself to a furious orgasm, all the while with Matt in her mind.

It was two days later when Kathy was cleaning a downstairs window that she noticed Matt upstairs. He gave a brief wave which she returned. She continued cleaning the window but her gaze was not focused on the job but on the man at the window next door. She saw him lift his tee shirt over his head then turn and toss it behind him. Kathy 's mouth went dry, her pulse quickened and she felt flushed. She finished off the window and glanced up at him again. Matt stood there quietly, just as he had before. She closed her eyes as her mind swam.

Kathy took a deep breath and asked herself what the hell was she thinking? Why was this suddenly and incredibly such a huge and pressing issue? She didn't know but this felt like compulsion.

She turned and made her way upstairs, walked into the bedroom and over to the window. The gap between the drapes was only wide enough for her face and she put her face there, looking across at Matt as he stood there still. Her heart pounded and a light sheen of sweat shone on her forehead and upper lip. Her hands trembled slightly as she reached for the drapes and pulled them apart. Her eyes found Matt's and he smiled softly. She chewed at her lower lip, a mixture of fear and excitement tumbling in her belly. She took a half step back from the window and lifted her tee shirt over her head.

She stood there in white bra and denim shorts looking at Matt as he watched her. He gave her a slight nod and a soft smile and it made her bite her lip again, harder this time. She paused a moment, asking herself if she would, knowing that should was not a question, there was no way she should. But she did.

Kathy unbuttoned the shorts and pushed them down over her hips, halfway down her long tanned thighs she let them fall and wriggled her feet free of them. She looked down at the red panties then back to Matt. He was watching intently and he slowly ran a hand over the growing bulge in his shorts. Kathy was breathing hard, looking at the man as he rubbed himself through his shorts, loving that she was making him hard, that showing herself to him excited him.

She could not be certain how long she stood there in her bra and panties watching him rub and watch her but it seemed a long time. But time was not on her mind, in fact nothing but lust was on her mind. When Matt pushed his shorts down and she saw the hard bulge in his grey briefs Kathy gasped. She rested her hands against the window as she panted and licked her dry lips. She leant forward and tore her gaze away from him but not for more than a second or two. When she looked at him again, she reached behind her back and unclipped her bra. She pulled it free of her body and tossed it on the floor with her other clothes. She did nothing to hide her breasts from him. She put her hands on her hips and looked down at them She was 37 and whilst her breasts had grown from the b-cups of her younger years they were only just a c-cup these days. The long nipples were hard and she ran a hand over them, flicked and pinched them lightly.

When she lifted her eyes again Matt had his cock in his hand, stroking it slowly, his grey briefs tucked beneath his hairy balls. It was a thick cock with fat mushroom head. Kathy groaned at the sight of it and ran her hand down her body, into her panties. She touched herself, feeling the wetness she already knew was there. She rolled a finger around her clit, shuddered lightly as she did so. Her eyes never left Matt's cock, his fingers sliding up and down as he stroked. Her finger worked faster around her clit, the fabric of her panties dancing over her hand.

Matt's hand worked faster and Kathy's panting increased in response as did her rubbing, becoming frantic. She grabbed the panties with her spare hand and roughly dragged them down her thighs, displaying her waxed mound and lips as her finger worked relentlessly on her swollen clit. when she displayed herself to him Matt jerked harder three or four times and then shot a stream of cum onto the window before him. Kathy groaned and gasped and orgasmed too, her legs trembling and straining. As soon as her shuddering subsided she grabbed the drapes and pulled them shut tight. She staggered over to the bed and fell onto it, still panting and mortified at what she had done.

And so, now, two weeks on, Kathy, peeked between her curtains, waiting for Matt to arrive at his window, eager and desperate to be watched again. Since that first time they had repeated the exercise four times and now, with her best lingerie and an array of vibrators and dildos waiting on the bed, Kathy was ready for more. Much more.


The Watcher Ch. 02

Kathy's losing control.

While she was waiting for Matt to appear at his window Kathy put on the red shelf bra and matching G-string. She sat on the end of her bed and rolled the black stay-up stockings with the wide lace tops up her long legs. She added black heels with an ankle strap that she loved. She stood and walked to the window but still Matt had yet to appear. Her excitement and anticipation had not diminished, if anything, being made to wait and spending that time making preparations was only increasing the desire.

She went through to the bathroom and added make-up that she hadn't intended to wear but when she applied the eye liner, shadow and lip gloss; she studied the overall effect and thought it was perfect for the wanton whore she could feel emerging from within. She strutted out to the window and again she found nothing. Returning to the bed Kathy studied the selection of sex toys she'd lined up on the doona cover that she'd taken hours to select but she couldn't care less about right now. There were two dildos, one significantly larger than the other, large enough that she would have trouble taking it but last week she'd inserted it deep as she trembled and moaned in an orgasm so intense she had trouble thinking straight for many minutes after. Beside the dildos was the vibrator she regularly made use of and then there was her new addition; a gleaming stainless steel butt plug with a jewelled end. Kathy had seen them in porn and thought they looked stunning. She hadn't used it yet but the bottle of lube she'd sat beside it today said all that needed to be said about her intentions.

There had been a level of excitement in making that purchase that indicated much about her new mindset. The other items in her sex toy collection had been purchased via a discreet online service but the plug had been bought in person in the sleazy adult store over on the edge of the industrial area on the other side of town. Driving past it on the way to work for the last couple of years she had never considered going in. Some of these places gave the impression that they would be friendly to anyone wanting to peruse some sexual items. This place did not convey that sort of impression and Kathy's visit confirmed her thoughts about the place. Jack's Adult World was not somewhere that Kathy the wife and mother would go. But it was far enough away from where she lived and worked to make her think she was assured relative anonymity, so Kathy the exhibitionist would and did.

Her hand trembled as she reached for the external door and walked along the narrow corridor lined with cheap laminate flooring that did little to muffle her footsteps. The walls held cabinets with displays of clothing and leather gear and Kathy gave momentary thought to strolling slowly, studying the items in the cabinets but she knew it would just be a stalling tactic and there really was no point to it. So she continued on the short journey to where the corridor delivered her to a wide shop area with wall displays around three sides of the room, two bays of shelving in the centre of the room and a glass counter on the left wall. There were five men in the room, all middle-aged or older and all eyes turned Kathy's way as she entered and this is where her new mentality came to the fore. No longer the timid housewife who would probably have turned on her heel and walked straight back out or tried to save face by walking slowly around the room feeling horribly uncomfortable before leaving without breaking stride. Now, she walked in like she should be there, like she wanted to be there and wanted the eyes of these men on her.

She stopped for a moment then started a circle of the displays, pausing to study items that caught her attention and when she came to a shelving bay that held a selection of plugs, she halted and took in each product, as if it was a supermarket and she was choosing a washing powder. Of course, the difference here was that it wasn't fellow mothers wandering the aisles, it was men with hands in pockets and shifty eyes.

Kathy reached and lifted a plastic-encased plug off the hook it hung from. She studied it then returned it to its place. As she did she heard heavy footsteps off to her left and turned her head in that direction. A heavyset dark-skinned man clumped down a corridor that Kathy hadn't initially noticed, the entry being little more than a gap between the shelves on that wall. A small neon sign above the doorway glowed in pink and simply said 'booths'. Kathy returned to her shopping and completed a full lap of the room. As she came around past the main counter the young man sat behind it lifted his head and gave Kathy a bored look. Kathy noticed there was some sort of textbook sitting open and then she looked at the display under the countertop. This was obviously considered premium merchandise and it was amongst this selection that she found her desired item. She bent and studied the options and as she did, she heard movement behind her on both her right and left. In the reflection of the glass she caught the reflection of three of the men, loitering around the shelving units behind her. She did not need to look behind to know they were not loitering there for the merchandise and she felt a tremor of thrill knowing they were watching her.

The young man stepped closer and asked quietly "Can I help?"

Kathy glanced at him "Yes. I'd like that plug with the jewelled end," said Kathy, pointing into the cabinet. There was no attempt to say it quietly, no sense of embarrassment, Kathy the exhibitionist was not shy. the purchase had been completed with sleazy men buzzing around as witnesses and it made her wet.

So now it sat before her, sparkling clean and ready for use if that's what was decided. And Kathy decided she would. She put some lube on the plug and rubbed some around her asshole. Reaching behind her as she took a deep breath she felt the cold steel as it pressed at her opening. With a little pressure it started to open her, She breathed slowly, deliberately and gradually pushed the plug in. There was a moment of pain but she did not stop and then suddenly the plug slid forward and popped into her. Kathy closed her eyes and allowed herself some time to become accustomed to the pressure and then after a few moments and a few more deep breaths Kathy stood upright and took the few steps across the room to the full length mirror. She turned and bent, twisting her head to look over her shoulder. She smiled as she saw the jewel, shifted her hips left and right to get the full view and then smiled fully.

Damn that looks good, she thought and fuck it feels good. She walked to the window but there was no sign of Matt "Fuck this!" she said out loud as she walked to the wardrobe, flung the door open and dug through her clothes until she found her shortest skirt, a black thing she'd bought on a whim but hadn't been game to wear. She stepped into it and hauled it up. it didn't cover her stocking tops, in fact, it barely covered her ass. She pulled a sheer black blouse from it's hanger and added it to the ensemble. It did not hide the nipples that were exposed in the shelf bra. Kathy looked in the mirror and said to the image "Perfectly slutty. If Matt didn't want to look today, well, I'll go and find someone who does."


The Watcher Ch. 03

Kathy's losing control.

Kathy snatched a coat from the closet in the downstairs hallway and shrugged it on as she strode to the front door. It wasn't cold outside but she would need to be Kathy the housewife and mother for the short journey between her front door and her car which was parked out on the driveway. She pulled the door closed behind her and walked purposefully to her car, opened the door and slid into the driver's seat. She started the car and reversed onto the street, catching a glimpse of her heavily made up face in the mirror as she did. She knew this was crazy. She also knew she felt compelled.

Barely more than a block down the road Matt's car approached and slid past. His head turned her way as he drove by and for the briefest of moments their eyes met. Kathy felt the pull of his eyes and the thought ran through her head that she should turn around and go home, get inside to her display window but she did not. There was no firm plan for where she was going and even here in her own home area there was a sense of excitement. This sense was exacerbated by the pressure of the plug in her ass. It not only increased her arousal level, it emboldened her. And so she kept driving, on past the edge of town and onto the freeway that skirted the outskirts and could take you so far and to so many places.

Kathy gathered speed down the on ramp and merged into what was light traffic. There were only three cars in her immediate vicinity and she changed lanes and accelerated past them. Then minutes on and she was well clear of them and the only vehicle in sight ahead was a truck loaded with slings of timber. As she closed up on the truck, she slowed and shrugged her coat off, tossing in onto the back seat. She looked down at her legs, so exposed in the short skirt, a teasing and tempting gap between the hem of the skirt and the tops of the stockings. She wriggled her ass and shifted the skirt a little higher, knowing that her pussy would now be exposed. Kathy didn't need to look at her nipples to know they were hard, as hard as they get and the sheer top didn't hide them but she unbuttoned a couple more buttons on the blouse anyway. And then she set off after the truck.

Kathy checked the rear view mirror and saw clear space behind and as the distance between her car and the truck narrowed she changed lanes and gradually moved up beside the truck. She could not see the driver, just a thick tattooed arm resting on the open window of the driver's door. She eased her speed, keeping pace beside the truck. The driver's face was not visible to her but she saw the arm move, saw his heavy upper body shift in his seat. Kathy opened her legs a little wider and felt a surge of heat and desire flush through her body. It made her grind down on the plug and she could not contain a moan. Holding pace beside the truck, Kathy allowed him the time to look, to see as much as he could. Her heart pounded and her breathing grew ragged. She made herself check for any traffic behind and with the road ahead long and straight and vacant she held the steering wheel with her left hand as she ran the right hand down between her legs. She could not see his face but she knew he could see what she was doing and she loved that.

Kathy took her hand from between her legs, lifted the fingers to her face, studied the glistening moisture on them, smelt them and finally, tasted them. God. she was so wet. She took a deep breath and then accelerated away.

At the next interchange she turned around and headed back the way she came. She didn't keep pace with any trucks on the way back but went past a table-top truck whose driver howled and whistled at her. Even though he was a dirty, lecherous oaf, Kathy still felt a thrill. Still loved that he saw her and reacted. Kathy the exhibitionist didn't get offended by building workers wolf whistling and cat-calling, she wanted them to.

Kathy was aroused in a way that she found incredible. Her ass ached and throbbed around the plug and her cunt; and that's all she could call it right now, in this state; was as wet as it had ever been and her clit throbbed in time with her ass. She needed to cum, not wanted to, needed to. But she decided to deny herself, for now.


The Watcher Ch. 04

Kathy's losing control - quickly.

Pulling into her driveway Kathy's mind whirred and buzzed. She glanced at the clock before she shut down the engine, acknowledging that she had barely an hour before her kids would be home from school. She reached into the back seat, snatched up her coat and tossed it over her shoulders as she stepped from the car. Hurrying into her home she put the coat back into the closet and rushed upstairs to the window in her bedroom. She stood there, staring at Matt's window as she pushed her skirt down, he wasn't there but she was aroused beyond belief and all she could do was hope that he would appear but regardless, at this point, she couldn't stop herself. Her right hand ran between her legs, finding her clit and rolling her fingers around it. She closed her eyes and moaned, feeling a climax building but seeking to hold it, to let it build even further. She wanted an explosion of an orgasm and it was tantalisingly close.

When she opened her eyes she found Matt at his window, watching intently. The thrill of it raced all through her like electricity and she gasped in pleasure. When Matt grasped his hard cock Kathy chewed at her lower lip and increased the work on her clit. She turned slowly before bending at the waist and displaying her plugged ass. Looking over her left shoulder at Matt she saw the pace of his stroking increase and she intensified the work on her clit. Her knees trembled and she groaned loudly as her orgasm arrived with a deep shudder.

Fifteen minutes later she had closed the bedroom curtains, quickly showered and was on her way downstairs to return to her role as Kathy, wife and mother. It was becoming difficult to maintain both versions of Kathy and there was little doubt that Kathy the exhibitionist was becoming the dominant version. There were fewer and fewer times when her mind was not swirling with thoughts of displaying herself, the deep and intense thrill that it gave her. She was in a near constant state of arousal and all that she wanted was more. So, the juggling of her personas would have to continue.

When Ryan arrived home and mentioned that he'd just been chatting with Matt, Kathy's gut clenched. It did not matter how many times she told herself that Matt couldn't talk about what they had been doing any more than she could, the fear of a stray wrong word or an unlikely admission was still strong. So when Ryan told her that he had invited Matt and Olivia over on the upcoming Friday evening Kathy had a moment of sheer panic but contained it and agreed with her husband that it should have happened before now. It left her with two days to prepare, to conquer her dread.

Friday rolled up quicker than Kathy would have liked and she was on edge all day long. She had been distracted at work and once home had set about occupying herself cleaning. It was not something she would normally have done, at least not in any meaningful way. She would never have anyone coming to her home and not made sure her home was neat and tidy but she was not obsessive about making every detail perfect. She lived in a house, not a showroom. Pretentiousness was not something she indulged in. But today, she needed something to occupy and distract her.

Ryan arrived home and she knew that it would not be long before there would be a knock at the door. When it happened, Kathy flinched and took several deep breaths on her way to welcome her guests. Swinging the door wide she plastered a friendly smile on her face. "Hi!' said Kathy in a voice an octave higher than normal.

Olivia smiled widely "Hi Kathy" Then leaned towards her and planted an air kiss beside her left ear. Kathy then turned her attention to Matt as he leaned close and planted a soft kiss on her cheek. Her hand rested on his strong arm and any illusions Kathy had had about comfortably keeping her cool and playing wife and mother tonight were instantly dismissed. She stepped back "Please, come in"

Kathy led her guests through the house and out to the wide deck at the rear where Ryan was cleaning the barbeque. After further greetings the two couples sat at the table with drinks, exchanging small talk. Kathy engaged in the mundane chat but she struggled to maintain the pantomime, her eyes drifting to Matt's strong arms and her mind constantly flashing her images of Matt watching her, stroking his hard cock, spraying the window with his cum. She felt flushed and as a result, drank far more alcohol than she regularly would. When Ryan began cooking on the barbeque Kathy was alone with Olivia and Matt. The conversation had settled on work and Olivia complained that she was working too many hours. She made a couple of pointed comments that Matt wasn't working half as much as her and Kathy sensed a little tension on the issue.

"We're pretty much the opposite in our place" said Kathy

Olivia nodded "I'll have to get you to keep an eye on Matt, see what he gets up to"

Olivia laughed loudly and Kathy joined her. Kathy's eyes met Matt's as she said "I'm not really the kind to be watching but if you think it's necessary..." and the three of them all laughed again. Matt turned to Olivia "You know I don't do much except get on the rowing machine but I tell you, I've seen Kathy... " he paused, took a cheeky sidelong glance Kathy's way before he continued "... and she's amazing. Always up to something. I doubt she's got time to be watching me" Kathy looked to Olivia, who poured more wine down her throat before giving Kathy a wink then looking at Matt "I'm sure you can watch Kathy working all day long, hopefully, she'll inspire you one day"

Kathy gulped the last of her wine down and stood, fairly unsteadily. She walked inside and fetched another bottle of wine from the refrigerator. From where she stood at the kitchen counter she could see only Matt and as she looked at him he glanced her way. Whether it was the wine, Matt's dangerous conversation or her increasing inability to control Exhibitionist Kathy, she stepped back from the bench and hitched the front of her skirt up. It was only for a moment and obviously, Matt could not show her any sort of reaction but she felt that familiar thrill. Kathy grabbed the bottle of wine and made her way back to the deck. Maybe this could still be a lot of fun.


