The Bar Bet - a Slutty Anita Story
 by Delta Venus

Copyright 2009


My wife Anita is a slut. I've always known it, but for years she
thought she was keeping it a secret from me. I didn't mind
because I like it that she is a slut. Recently I revealed that I
knew, and after that revelation I had her in a position where she
was going to have to be a slut for me, not just a few random
lovers on the side (see "Tricked Wife"). I hadn't taken much
advantage of her new position, other than to make sure our sex
sessions weren't safely "vanilla" like in the past, but had a
little more spice. That was going to change this evening.


I had her dress to best show off her assets, but also kept things
simple. Anita was most likely going to get used hard later, and
there was no point in ruining expensive clothes when cheap stuff
would do the trick. A nice low cut blouse to show off her 34C
tits, which look much bigger on her frame, a nice short skirt to
expose lots of the creamy skin of her heavy thighs, a sexy thong
pair of undies, and a pair of fuck-me black sling-back pumps.
Basic, but sexy. Lots of skin, nothing complicated to get in the
way, or hard to take off. She looked dynamite, but then I am
biased, I always think she looks like a million bucks.


I let Anita know what the basic game plan was before we headed
out. I would literally be putting her ass on the line, and it
would work better if she knew it ahead of time. She looked like
she might protest for a minute, but we have been down this road
before, and she knows it is pointless. Besides which, she likes
the things I've forced her to do so far, so I wasn't surprised
when her eyes lit up with their usual pixie-like mischief after I
told her what her role would be in tonight's fun. What a slut! I
do love her so.


We went out, and had to hop a few bars before I saw the setup I
was looking for. We weren't in the best part of town, but we
weren't in the slums either. I was looking for pool players, and
a group of them at that. I didn't want just a single man, nor did
I want the whole bar involved - at least not for our first
adventure! At a bar called Tony's Lounge we finally found what
looked like the perfect setup. A slick looking black man, dressed
up very hip-hop, was playing pool, and seemed to have two buddies
with him. Wonderful! I didn't care that he was black, that wasn't
part of what I was looking for. What I wanted was a pool playing
fool with between one and four buddies, but the exoticness of
interracial activities seemed a lucky bonus. I certainly wasn't
upset about the race of my potential picks for this evenings
entertainment.


I had to wait through a few other challengers, but soon I was
playing pool with him. His name was Derek, and I met his friends,
but do not remember their names. The game was 9-ball, which was
perfect as far as I was concerned. 9-ball is fast paced, a game
made for gambling. I was interested in both. I wanted to gamble,
but I also wanted things to progress quickly, I didn't want to
hang out in the bar too long. I wanted to move this show along to
wherever the final scenes would take place before everyone was
too drunk to really enjoy what we'd be doing. Anita was perfect,
she started flirting right away, and wasn't too outrageous, but
was definitely finding Derek and his two friends attractive, and
made it very clear to them that she did. I was seeing a lot of
skin, and so were they. She was also very touchy-feely, a hand on
an arm, a quick pat on the back, a slow carress of a shoulder.
She didn't shy away when they touched her, either. The guys were
playing it cool in front of me, but I still saw plenty of
"accidental" contact with her tits, and more than few ass grabs.
She had them eating out of her hands in short order.


I play pool very well, so I had to remember that I wanted to
lose, and play accordingly. Derek was actually a talented enough
player that I didn't have to throw every game. He would have won
some even if I'd been trying, but winning wasn't on my agenda
tonight, the idea was to lose. I was down about $200 when I made
the pitch, hoping he'd take it and set up this evenings fun.


"Derek, I don't really have enough money to keep betting, but I'd
like a chance to win my money back."


"This sounds a lot like the opening line to a hustle, man. You're
not stupid enough to try and hustle me, are you?" Derek asked
with a sly smile.


"No, no. A hustler wants to get ahead, not get even. I guarantee
that if we go evens, I won't play another game. I don't want to
take you, I just want a chance to get my money back." I hoped
he'd go for it. Derek could just say no, and walk away with my
money, and tonights efforts would be wasted.


"Alright, I'm listening. What is the plan, man?"


"I'll wager you the $200 you've already won, against the rest of
the night with my wife."


"Am I hearing you right, man? You lose, and I get to fuck Anita
here for the rest of the night?" He patted her ass. "I hate to be
insulting, and she is sexy and all, but I'm not sure she is worth
$200." he laughed. Perfect! I wouldn't have to work this at all,
he was falling right into the dialog I wanted.


"OK, how about your friends? They'd like a piece, I'm sure. They
chip in, and they all get to play with her, too. One woman split
three ways is easily worth $200. Come on, she's a fucking hottie!
But don't think you'll be getting any, I plan to win my money
back, not let you all fuck my wife silly!"


"Any other night I think I might just walk away with your money,
my man, but I like this white broad." He carressed Anita's cheek
slowly as he stared into her eyes, which seemed to spark with
excitement. "You are right, she is a hottie! I think my friends
like her, too. I'm looking forward to my cock in her cunt. You've
got a bet, white bread!" He laughed again with a devilish grin.


We got the game underway quickly, and it ended just as quickly,
with the 9-ball sunk by Derek, and me the loser. I didn't even
have to throw this one. Derek obviously hadn't been hustling me
or I would have won a few as a come-on to tempt me to bet big,
but he did have skills - and he also got lucky. He would be
getting even more lucky shortly! I put up a pretense that I was
disappointed with the outcome, but this was exactly what I'd been
shooting for. Anita was going to get fucked by a group of horny
young dicks!


"Damn! I don't suppose we could work out some other
arrangements?" I said, trying to make things look good.


"No way! I'm a firm believer in settling debts right away." Derek
had a big shit-eating grin on his face, and his buddies also
seemed to be in a very good mood.


"OK. But I want to come along to make sure she is OK, I won't get
in the way or stop you guys having your fun, but I need to know
she'll be alright. She is my wife, after all."


In the meantime Anita was berating me for losing, and letting me
know she was more than a little pleased she was going to be used
by these fellows, because they might be more entertaining than I
typically was. I'm not entirely sure she was faking this, I think
she was finding the idea of these black studs using her for a sex
toy wildly exciting. The guys were certainly anxious to get
inside her, so we paid up our bar tab, and got the show on the
road. We wound up at an apartment not far from the bar, and
things got underway fast - no beating around the bush for these
boys, they wanted their payout. Anita was giggling and blushing,
but ready to please.


Derek wasted no time, and before I could blink, I found myself
tied to a chair, which he then dragged to the foot of a bed in
the bedroom.


"You'll get the front row seat, my man! But we can't have you
getting in the way, now, can we?" He laughed. Anita was already
stripped by this time, Derek's friends hands all over her body,
deep kisses, nipples being sucked, pussy getting fingered. She
was practically dragged to the bedroom and thrown on the bed and
if she wasn't a willing particpant, what happened next would be
called an attack, maybe a rape. No rape here, though, she was a
willing participant. She liked the rough stuff, and was quite
equal to the treatment these black studs were going to be dishing
out. Before you could blink an eye, everyone was naked, and
everywhere I looked I saw big black cocks. Those cocks were
quickly put to use, and Anita's holes were where they were being
used. I quickly heard the sounds of her gagging, as Derek shoved
his dick deep in her throat. He wasn't caring how deep he went,
just thrusting in and out in a reckless fashion. One of his
buddies was buried to the balls in her pussy faster than it takes
me to tell you he did it. My wife was in a for a rough fucking!
I'd set it up, and felt no remorse, but just how quickly things
had progressed to her complete violation, and the ferocity of
that violation, was a bit of a shock. It didn't keep me from
tenting my trousers, though. My slutty wife was getting treated
like she deserved, like a total fucking whore by three young
virile black studs. She was loving it, and so was I!


I can tell when Anita is enjoying things, and she was enjoying
this for sure. Her nips were pointing and swollen, her pussy was
leaking juices, and she was making noises like an alley cat in
heat. The boys obviously liked her responses to their rough
treatment, and felt encouraged to take it even further. Her ass
was slapped, her tits were roughly mauled leaving red finger
marks, her erect nipples pinched and pulled quite intensely.
Cocks were stuffed into her, no slow and gentle lovemaking
involved. Hard thrusts, meant to plunge to the very depths with
speed and power, were the order of the day. They were nice enough
to lube up her ass with vaseline before they speared into her
repeatedly, but spear her asshole repeatedly they did. Thick hard
dicks drilled deeply into her rear, one after the other,
splitting her wide. They used Anita's every hole, and did so in
an almost savage manner. Their hard black dicks spurt cum, and
yet stayed hard. All three of them shot their first loads across
Anita's face, and soaked her like a bukakke queen. She had a
coating from lips to forehead, black men's semen dribbling down
her chin, and layered across her face on up into her hair.
Shooting such intense loads didn't even slow them down.


After coating her face with sperm, they took up double-teaming
her holes, fucking her in the ass and the pussy at the same time,
or making sure she was sucking a dick while her nether hole also
got plunged. They even double-stuffed her pussy, two fat cocks in
between her wide stretched labia, plunging in and out in no less
of a frenzy than when it was only one hard cock delving her
depths. They even tried to get two cocks in her ass
simultaneously, but she just didn't stretch that much, so they
went back to one in the front door, and one in the back. She took
several shots of semen in her holes, they didn't bother recoating
her face after the first glazing, content to pour the baby juice
into her sloppy pussy, or now gaping asshole. They finally tired
out, or just couldn't get it up any more, and they knocked my
chair to the ground, held my wife over me and let their cum drip
out of her holes onto my face, then rubbed her slimy pussy all
over me.


They tossed Anita out the front door naked, still dripping with
semen, untied me and handed me her clothes. I was tempted to keep
her naked until we got home, and then fuck her sloppy cum filled
holes, but I figured I shouldn't push it too far her first time
out being my slut. As I made my way out of the apartment, Derek
whispered "Hope it was everything you were looking for, my man.
Thanks for the viagra, it did wonders. We'll be happy to do you a
favor anytime!"


Anita would love it. She is a slut.


               &#9650;&#9792;

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
