There was something achingly familiar about waking up in John Murdoch's arms, warm bodies tangled around each other, cocooned in twisted sheets. Sometime before passing out, John had cleaned up the remains of their passion to make sleeping more comfortable, but he could still feel John on his skin, feel the tongue that teased him, the hands that tortured him, the lips that sent the most delicious shudder of desire down his spine.

He was still in his shirt, something that shamed him to think about, but he couldn't bring himself to remove it, to look at himself, to see John's face when he saw. He could hardly look at himself before dressing, overwhelmed by pain and disgust just from a glimpse of it while showering - burns snaking over his skin in the center of his chest, forming a spiral like the ones traced on the dead hooker's breast. Their shape, their brand.

They'd said it was to keep him from falling asleep, he remembered that much, though he didn't quite remember getting it, just waking up one day with it there. They'd said it was to protect him, but he knew better. It said, in not so many words, 'We own you. We control you, and everything you do will be for us, every moment you live will be for us. And you will hate yourself, and others will be repulsed by you, because the only thing that exists in your life is your servitude.'

He'd often felt bitter, watching the subjects in the streets each night between Tunings, blessedly oblivious to what was going on around them. Able to live, to make their own choices even if the memories that made up their personalities were fabricated. Able to love.

That's what he'd missed most of all, an absence that made his heart ache with loneliness. It had been many, so many nights alone in the darkness. Working for them, sleeping alone. Hardly speaking, and never touching another person. And feeling shame - so much shame at the hideous scars on his poor mutilated chest, shame that no woman would ever want to touch him. Shame that he didn't, and had never wanted a woman to touch him, always a man.

John was still asleep behind him, arm shoved a little awkwardly into the space between Daniel's neck and the pillow, free arm flung around him, hand resting low on Daniel's bare hip. His shirt had ended up pushed up around his ribs, and Daniel knew with another soft rush of shame that John would for certain be able to see them, the thin, straight knife scars that laced his torso from years of conditioning, punishments. Torture. But it still hid the burn, the one that made Daniel hate himself every time he saw his bare skin, and that was all that was important, for now.

He closed his eyes and tried to relax, tried to quiet his mind, to search for the sleep that had lost him. It wasn't easy - despite the shame of his memories, it was morning, and he had a naked man curled up against his back, one who was long desired and very much cherished. Daniel's body well remembered the night before, and raised a simple and obvious request for more. It didn't help that John seemed to be slowly waking, stirring against his back, fingers stroking small, sleepy circles low on his hip. He felt his lover - what an amazing word - stretch against him, pressing a sleepy kiss to the nape of his neck, and then very deliberately press his hips against Daniel's ass as his fingers slipped down to tease the base of his Daniel's partial erection, letting him know very clearly that he wasn't the only one who wanted more.

Daniel rocked back against him almost without thinking, breath coming in a soft sigh of pleasure. "Good morning, John."

"The best morning," he heard the rich voice behind him murmur in agreement, and he felt John's kisses start to trail up his neck, sucking gently at the soft spot just behind his ear, somehow knowing exactly how he liked it. He gave a moan, arching back against him, his desire suddenly more than just a suggestion, and reached back to catch his hip, pull him closer. His lover gave a soft groan, nipping lightly at his earlobe. "My sweet Daniel...."

He shivered against him, whimpering as John's fingers curled around him, stroking him slowly. "Always yours," he murmured softly, rocking very slightly back against John's hips. He heard his lover give a soft hiss against his hair.

"Positively indecent to molest you before breakfast," he murmured, and Daniel laughed softly, turning to embrace him, to catch his lips with his. He'd expected to be nervous when they were like this, intimate and vulnerable with John, but somehow it all melted away under the pleasure of John's kisses, John's hands on his body. Like it was the most natural, familiar thing in the world to arch closer to him, tangle his bare legs with John's. To run his hands over his chest and shoulders, to yield to yearning kisses. Even the taste of him was somehow right, his scent, the feel of his dark curls under Daniel's fingers.

"I think we should finish what we started last night," He said softly, a little shyly, hooking a thigh around John's hips to squirm closer to him. His lover gave a soft, appreciative moan, arms tightening around him, shifting to press a thigh between his, letting him rock against it slowly.

"Somehow this feels so... natural," John murmured softly, almost wondering, dropping a trail of warm kisses down his neck, one hand slipping to stroke over his chest. Daniel tensed for just a moment, but he didn't try to undo the small buttons, just continued his soft kisses down over the fabric, stroking his waist and hips. Eventually he reached the point where the shirt had been pushed up high enough to show his skin, and pressed his mouth to his stomach with a soft moan, sucking lightly at his soft skin, regardless of the scars. His fingers wrapped around Daniel's erection, stroking slowly, firmly, and Daniel found he could hardly breathe as his lover's mouth slowly moved lower, until he was nuzzling the length of his erection, licking up the underside before taking his head in his mouth with no hesitation.

He whimpered despite himself at the delicious surge of sensation, hot and wet, teasing and pleasuring him, fingers tangling helplessly in John's hair, and part of his mind wondered how on earth John figured out how to do -that- with his tongue. While he hadn't been left with the memory of what this was supposed to feel like, he could see how easily John took to this when it so easily could have - should have - been fumbling and awkward. But then John's fingers were stroking back between his thighs, slick with the lube he'd asked for the night before, stroking his opening slowly, and he found he couldn't think about anything beyond what he was feeling and what John was doing to him and how absolutely, overwhelmingly good it was.

One finger, then two, pumping slowly into him, stretching him, and wasn't this supposed to be painful? There was discomfort, yes, crawling up his spine in little shudders, but then John's fingertips crooked, seeking, teasing, and hitting something that made his toes curl, made his body arch and buck up into his lover's mouth despite himself, fingers clenching in his hair. "Oh god!"

John eased back with a soft chuckle, pressing a kiss to the head of his cock, and Daniel suddenly realized how forceful he'd been, and forced his fingers to release the man's hair. "I'm sorry, John - "

"Shh..." His lover's tongue flicked against his head, and his fingers resumed their work, a third easing into play with the first two. "Just relax," he breathed softly, but it was so difficult when even this was a tease compared to what he wanted. He rocked back against his fingers a little, trying not to squirm, trying not to wonder how the hell John knew to do it like -this-, gasping for breath.

"Oh god, John... please..."

He didn't have to ask twice. His lover pulled back, catching his mouth and kissing him hungrily as he pressed Daniel onto his back amidst the sheets, tearing breathless kisses from his lips. He caught Daniel's thighs as the man wrapped them around him, pulling them up higher, gasping against his mouth as he slowly rocked into him. It was so overwhelming - so much sensation, so much feeling of right and completeness that he could hardly contain it, arching up against him as much as he could as his lover started a slow rhythm, shudders of pleasure slowly climbing up his spine with each thrust. He sought John's mouth with his own, kisses desperate and trembling, fingers tangled in his hair, and found his lover almost as overwhelmed as he, returning yearning kisses, gasping his name against his mouth. There was something that was somehow so familiar about it that he couldn't quite place, the most incredible feeling of connection and completion, and it made everything more vivid, made him shiver under the onslaught of sensation.

He gave a soft noise of dismay as John pulled back, but his lover touched his cheek gently, reassuringly, lifting his hips to rest on the top of his thighs, calves resting against his shoulders. It let them come together more completely, and he could feel the head of his lover's cock against something hot and sensitive deep inside him that sent a flood of sensation through him with every thrust, making him cry out helplessly.

It was somehow completely overwhelming, some depth of emotion he couldn't quite understand no matter how much he reached for it, and he caught one of John's hands in his own, clutching it tightly. He blinked hard at the tears that threatened, holding his lover's gaze, begging him not to stop with each shuddering breath. Finally it grew too much, the aching pulses of pleasure forming a tight knot at the base of his spine, entirely overwhelming, and he let his eyes close and arched back as it pulled him over the edge, entirely lost to the blissful shocks of sensation that raced through his nerves. He was aware of John's fingers tightening almost painfully on his, of his name on John's lips as he bucked into him erratically and followed him into climax, hot and slick inside him.

Tears came freely as he gasped for breath as much as he tried to stop them, arching into John's embrace as the man shifted to hold him, pressing his face to dark curls. "I'm sorry, I just - "

"Shhh...." Gentle kisses dotted his face, John's breath in warm pants against his skin. "You all right?"

"Oh yes. I just... I think I really needed that."

John gave a soft smile and a little nod, easing away from him carefully and curling around him. "Yeah... there's something about being with you.... I can't really explain it. It's just such a relief, after needing you for so long, finally being here."

He nodded, finally feeling a little more in control, and cuddled into him more, nestling his head against his chest and smiling as he felt the press of John's lips to his hair. "Like I have found what was missing."

"Mmhmm." John's fingers stroked up and down his spine gently, nuzzling my hair. "Daniel?"

"Yes, love?"

"Will you come back to Shell Beach with me again?"

He found himself smiling, curling closer to him, and gave a soft, contented sigh. "I would like nothing more." He paused for a moment, then gave a soft laugh. "As long as I don't have to stay in the guest room."

~~~~~