Dare Me
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - Chapter 4 - Mr. Beski

The following summer, mom lost her job and had to take another one that required her to work weekends. That left her in a pickle of what to do with us kids.

"Maybe Mr. Kevin could watch us." Lucy suggested.

"Oh, never again", mom decreed, "Mrs. Callum said Kevin 'accidentally' walked in on her daughter while she was in the bath. You don't want Mr. Kevin to see you naked, do you?"

Lucy gulped, which made me snicker. Mr. Kevin had already done a lot more than see Lucy naked.

Ultimately, mom decided I was old enough and responsible enough to be in charge. I had just graduated from 6th grade, after all, and would be starting Junior High next year. Actually, it was because we were out of money, and she knew she didn't have to pay me.

The first Saturday, mom was nervous before she left for work. She made us promise not to leave the neighborhood and we weren't allowed to have any friends over or open the door to strangers. That left us with few options.

Even though our elementary school was within walking distance, our neighborhood didn't have any other kids in it. I learned that it was designed as a retirement community, but dad found a loophole in the bylaws. That's how our young family ended up there. It was a nice house, but very boring to grow up with no other kids nearby.

We still didn't own any video games and had played our board games a million times by then. So, the TV was really to be our only source of entertainment that first Saturday. I was dying of boredom and knew we wouldn't survive every Saturday cooped up like this. I intended to ask mom for more freedom if today went ok. I knew she would capitulate. She always did when pushed. She was too passive and agreeable. Maybe that's why she could never advance in any of her jobs.

By mid-morning the excitement of being home alone was wearing off and Lucy started to get restless. I'm not sure what she expected today to be like, but this wasn't it.

"Mikeey" she whined in a little girl voice, but I had mastered the secret art passed down between big brothers for ages and tuned her out.

"Mikeeeeeey, I'm bored." she persisted. She was growing fast and would soon be a teenager, but she could still be that annoying little sister when she wanted too (the role she was born to play).

"Miiiikeeee, can we play a game?"

"Go away, Lucy Goosey. I don't want to play a game with you. Go read a book or something." I thought would be the end of it, but I was wrong. She had just paused to gather the courage for her next statement.

"Dare me, Mikey." she asked trepidly.

An innocent request. And I was too dense to pick up on her true meaning.

"Ok," I offered, "I dare you to...be silent for the next hour, Ha!" I laughed at my own cleverness and went back to watching TV.

"Noooo, not like that," she complained. Then in a quivering voice, she made her intention clear. "It has to be a real dare, like...a birthday suit dare."

My heart skipped a beat. Slowly, my thick skull pieced it all together. For Lucy, today was a babysitter day. It must have tickled something in her subconscious; an urge that she needed to scratch. Only Mr. Kevin and his antics weren't around anymore. So, I had to step up.

I could just dare her to strip down naked and spend the afternoon with me. But something told me that idea wouldn't fly. It had to be risky and creative. I struggled to think, to channel Kevin's creative games, but my mind was blank. Spin the bottle? Nah. You can't even play that with only two people. I wracked my brain and tried to recall what special ingredients had made those previous adventures succeed.

Pajama Hide and Seek? That didn't sound very creative to me. Pretty obvious premise, really. And what about Blind Squirrel? We were literally just picking up acorns! Looking back, it was just silly.

That's when it dawned on me. The game doesn't matter. It's just a vehicle to the real fun. Lucy didn't remember the games. She remembered the feelings she got, from the dare! Now I knew the perfect vehicle. Mr. Beski! I sat up with a scheming smile and gave her my full attention. Lucy's face lit up.

"You're not going to chicken out now, are you?" I probed.

"No," she answered firmly, but then she wavered. "Well, tell me what it is, first."

"That's not how it works. Either you're in or you're out. I'm not so sure you're actually taking this seriously." I said and started to turn my attention back to the TV.

"No, Mikeeey!" she whined with a bit of desperation in her voice “I swear, I'll do it. Please, dare me."

I let her dangle a few more seconds before turning back to make my offer.

"Ok, but to prove you are really serious about going through with this. I want you to go up to your room and change into your...birthday suit...and meet me at the front door. Then I'll give you your dare."

The color drained from her face and gradually returned in the form of a blush. I figured that would be the end of it. Her body was changing, and she was experiencing new feelings that she wanted to explore. But now that I had called her bluff, she would surely back out. I gave extremely low odds that she would even bother to climb the stairs and even lower that she would come back down in her birthday suit.

Then, as if to make her out to be the unreasonable one, I added "It's nothing I haven't seen before."

It was fun to shock her like that. But she shocked me right back when, without a word, she stood up and marched out of the living room and up the stairs. When I heard her bedroom door close, I thought "Oh shit!" and my heart started pounding.

I scrambled off the couch and ran to the kitchen. There had been a letter addressed to Mr. Beski across the street and down a few houses that the mailman mis-delivered to our house. He was always doing things like that. For a moment I panicked when I couldn't find it. But then I saw mom had pushed everything into a pile. Eureka!

I grabbed the letter, quickly tamped down the tent in my pants, then went to stand by the front door.

True to her word, my sister soon appeared at the top of the stairs in her birthday suit, naked as the day she was born, and paused as if giving me a chance to inspect her. I hadn't seen her naked in over 6 months. Apparently, she had spent them advancing through several girl stages of metamorphosis. Since around Thanksgiving, she had exclusively taken to wearing thick, cozy lounge wear; possibly a side-effect of the blind squirrel event when her poor little bare body had been exposed to so much cold. Fortunately for her, today was a sunny summer day.

Through the winter and spring, I wasn't able to notice much difference because of her bulky clothes. But underneath those woolen cocoons, her body had definitely been changing. She had been growing out her hair and I knew it now came down to her shoulders. But she had put it up into a ponytail for this task. That left her neck and shoulders bare which added an elegant slenderness and also made her look taller.

Her baby fat was almost completely gone and there were curves everywhere. Her hourglass-shaped torso was even more pronounced and below her narrow waist her body widened just slightly into the beginnings of hips.

I couldn't see her bottom from this angle, but her legs, which had always been an alluring asset of hers, had grown even more enticing. They were no longer just skinny sticks with bony knees. Now she actually had some muscle tone. I don't know where she had developed that. It's not like she worked out or anything. It must have just been a natural gift from her creator. Her calf muscles narrowed into petite ankles and feet. She wore bright pink polish on her toenails, the exact same shade as her nipples. Oh, did I forget to mention her nipples?

It was actually the first thing I noticed when she appeared at the top of the stairs. Boobies. Not very big yet, but my little sister had grown boobies. Rather, it was more accurate to say my sister was in the process of growing boobies. Young skin is very supple. And as a child, I remember being able to gather my skin and baby fat around a single spot. On my stomach, for example. I could sort of pile it up into a mound. But, of course, as soon as I let go, it would snap back where it came from.

On Lucy, it was as if God had gathered up two little mounds on her chest. But they didn't snap back when He let go. They stayed there for all to admire his creation.

She stood tall with good posture, back straight and slender shoulders drawn back. Her newly growing asset was proudly thrust out ahead of her. As she began her graceful descent, her leg muscles flexed to carry her stair to stair, but then relaxed back into a perfect feminine shape.

Of course, my eyes were drawn to the apex of her thighs where her two pussy lips flashed between each step. They had grown more pronounced and puffier from what I remembered. But they were completely hairless and closed tightly against the world, not quite ready to blossom yet.

I was struck dumb as I watched her descend. Where did that little girl known as “Lucy” go? In this creature flashed the promises of a woman grown. Only the immaturity on her chest and genitals held her back. But then she stumbled over the last stair and came to the landing with a thud. The illusion of womanhood was shattered, and the 11-year-old girl was back.

She came up to me and stood with one hand at her side. The other she demurely moved to cover her pussy. That left her chest exposed. Stiff, pink nipples capped her nascent breast cones perfectly. They bent up toward me as if to say "hello". The best way to describe them was 'perky'.

Second-thoughts flooded my brain. I couldn't send my near-teenage sister outside on a naked dare. This was no childish prank. I had to keep her safe.

"I'm not sure this is such a good idea, Lucy" I started regretfully.

"Mikeee" she cut me off and shifted into classic little sister tantrum mode.

"I did what you said." she insisted, meaning she had gone through with putting on her birthday suit for me and it was now up to me to hold up my end of the bargain.

She whined and pouted. She engaged her entire body in the protest, except for her hand, which she kept firmly in place over her pussy. It would have been annoying, but with her naked, everything about it was just adorable. Whenever she stomped her foot, everything jiggled.

"I did what you said, " she repeated sullenly, "now you have to. You have to dare me. Dare me, Mikey."

I had half expected her to back out when I gave her the chance. Now I realized how much she wanted to follow through. She needed this like an addict who hadn't gotten a fix in months. So, against my better judgement, I finally caved.

With as much ceremony as I could summon, I pulled out Mr. Beski's mail. Lucy's tantrum stopped in a flash and her whole body tensed in anticipation of my forthcoming words. I took another look at her bare chest, just to commit the image to memory. Somehow her nipples looked even stiffer now.

"Lucy Jenkins, I dare you to personally hand-deliver this letter to Mr. Beski in your birthday suit."

Her eyes fluttered. I watched the realization hit home on her face as she processed my dare. Mr. Beski had already seen her naked once before. She had handed him an acorn during her blind squirrel punishment. That encounter had been very brief and dark. Who knows how good the old man’s vision was?

Showing up at his house in the dead of night could have been dismissed as a random occurrence. But purposefully coming to his house a second time in broad daylight would multiply her embarrassment. She would have no excuse for being there or for why she wasn't wearing any clothes. That's what made it the perfect dare.

I could tell from the look on her face, that she was already committed to going through with it. But she bit her lip in concentration, obviously still struggling with something.

Finally she asked "How will I explain it?"

I knew exactly what she meant. What excuse could young girl possibly have to show up at the house of a retired old Hungarian immigrant completely naked? I pretended I didn't understand her question, just to make her explain it to me.

"Explain what?" I asked intentionally obtusely.

"Explain my..." Lucy huffed in exasperation then gestured down her body, "my birthday suit!" Having drawn attention to her nakedness, the blush on her face spread down her neck and onto her chest.

Mr. Beski lived across the street and only four houses down. Knowing she would blame me if I let her back out now, I opened the front door and started pushing her towards it.

"I don't know, Goosey," I offered uselessly, "but you have about four yards between here and Mr. Beski's house. I'm sure you'll think of something. And no covering up, either."

Then I unceremoniously gave my naked sister a final nudge onto the porch and closed the door behind her, latching the deadbolt with a thud of finality lest she get cold feet and try to turn back.

I rushed to a nearby window to watch what she would do. She hadn't moved but was peering out from the relative safety of our porch into the bright street. She must be trying to build the nerve to take that first step. Or maybe she was looking for signs of life, someone walking their dog or out doing yardwork. But fortunately for her, it was the hottest part of a sunny, summer day, and I knew old people liked to do their walking early.

Finally, she took that first cautious step. Then another, her eyes peeled for any indication of a stirring neighbor. She instinctively started to cover herself with her hands again, then must have remembered my last command and dropped them back to her side. When she reached the steps leading off our porch onto the sidewalk, I got my first real chance to see her rounded bottom. Like everything else on her body, it was gorgeous. Firm and tight with just the right amount of jiggle when she walked.

Lucy scrambled across the street and started down the opposing sidewalk, her head scanning constantly back and forth, her shoulders flinching at phantom sounds. Being a 12-year-old pubescent boy, I had recently discovered the joys of masturbation. I took care of the urge at least twice a day, and whenever the need struck. As she walked out of sight, I was struck with the strongest urge I had ever experienced to that point.

I rushed to the bathroom to relieve the pressure, reliving the scenes in my mind that I had just experienced. I came quickly but the urge did not go away like it usually did. I was still rock hard. I actually came a second time before the urge started to subside. I cleaned up and rushed back in case I had missed her return and she was waiting locked out on the porch. But she wasn't back yet, so I sat by the window and waited.

I was too nervous to sit for very long and was soon pacing. When she wasn't back after 20 minutes, I started to get panicky. Ill thoughts crept in. What did I really know about Mr. Beski? We had only met him a couple times. His family moved here from Hungary. He was retired. His kids were grown, and he lived alone ever since his wife died.

That wasn't much to go on. Mr. Beski could be a serial killer for all I knew. My imagination started running wild. I wanted to call the cops and report that my neighbor had kidnapped my sister and was turning her birthday suit into a curtain or something. But if that were true, wasn't I an accomplice? After all, it was me who had sent the naked little girl to his doorstep.

Just then, to my great relief, I saw Lucy jogging down the sidewalk toward our house. She bounded across the yard and up the steps and I opened the front door to let her in. Finally freed from the 'no covering up' rule, her hand snapped back over her pussy as soon as she crossed the threshold, too quickly for me to get a good look.

She was out of breath and eyeing the stairs, probably eager to get dressed again. But I refused to let her go until she had recounted everything that happened, starting from the beginning.

"I was so nervous, Mikey," she began, "My legs were so heavy. I could barely walk over there. It was the hardest thing I've ever done, pushing that doorbell. Mr. Beski recognized me immediately. His accent is pretty thick, and I had trouble understanding him. I finally realized he was saying that he couldn't recall my name and was asking me to introduce myself. Then he invited me inside."

Lucy eyed the stairs again. She was rocking back and forth on the balls of her feet like she needed to pee or something. She must have had an allergic reaction to something in Mr. Beski's house because she kept reaching up to scratch places on her chest.

She continued her story. "He introduced himself as Stephen Beski, but explained that was his Americanated? name, or something. I guess when his family immigrated here, their actual names were too hard to pronounce. Then he begged my pardon and asked why I was naked."

I raised my eyebrows at her, eager to hear her answer.

"I told him that mom had lost her job recently and that we were getting so poor that mom is making us go naked on Saturdays to save money. And he believed me!"

I was impressed. It was a ludicrous excuse if you really thought about it, but on the surface, it could actually fit. I mean, with no clothes on, you could lower your A/C bills and it would mean less loads of laundry. Perhaps in his culture, young children often ran around naked. Almost anyone would agree that Lucy was perhaps a bit too old for that sort of thing. But I had to give her credit for coming up with something.

"Then he said I should stay a while and have some tea. He got out a picture album and showed me pictures of his family. He asked how old I was and showed me a picture of his grandson who is about my age and that he would really like me. He kept staring at my body when he talked, especially between my legs.” Then she quickly added this note, “I didn't cover up, though, I promise, even when I was sitting down."

I guess it was important for her to let me know she had fully honored the dare.

"I finished my tea and was about to leave, when he said he wanted to make me something. I think he was just stalling and didn't want me to leave. He said his parents started a clothing shop in town and he worked there for many years as a tailor before he retired and had to sell it. But he still had lots of the machines and tools and could make me a beautiful dress."

"I tried to refuse. I told him we were fine, and mom wouldn't accept charity. But he insisted. He said if I didn't like it, I didn't have to keep it. So, he made me stand like this," she demonstrated for me by standing like a mannequin with both arms outstretched. When she did it, I got to see her pussy again briefly. It looked different somehow, pinker, and glowing - if that is even possible. Then she snapped her hand back down and it was gone.

"Anyway, he wrapped this measuring band all over my body then wrote down a bunch of numbers. It was SOOO embarrassing, but he told me it was necessary to get a proper fit. As I was leaving, he told me he would place a fabric order immediately and that maybe some Saturday soon I could come back for a fitting. I told him 'thanks', but that I was busy and then I got out of there before he could think up another reason to keep me around. I hope I never have to go back there. The End. Can I go now?"

I gave her permission, and she hurried up the stairs. I figured she was going to pee, but instead of going into the bathroom, I heard her bedroom door slam closed. I went and watched TV, musing about how much fun it had been to give Lucy that dare. She came downstairs about an hour later fully dressed and looking much more relaxed. She was finally able to settle down and even watched TV with me. She was curled up on the couch fast asleep by the time mom got home.


