Amber on a Cruise
by davesmith3766

Ch 4: Cruise Ship Restaurant Flash

Taking Amber to a restaurant where she shows off her crack.

All the onboarding procedures had completed and Amber and I were starving, so we decided to quickly drop our stuff of in our room and head downstairs to grab a meal. We left our suitcases right next to the entrance, and I changed to a more appropriate cruising outfit which included some swim trunks, a Hawaiian shirt, and some flip flops. Amber decided to stick with her current outfit which was a white crop top with spaghetti straps that barely covered her boobs leaving underboob on display. She also wore some ultra low rise jeans that just barely covered her crack while standing and showed a fair bit of ass while sitting. As we were about to walk out, she also decided in ditching shoes all together and walk barefoot.

As we went down the elevator, I questioned Amber about her dress choices, and if she was okay with it. Her justification was that everything else she packed was more revealing, and she won't see anyone on the cruise ever again, so nows the perfect time to have a little exhibition fun. And besides nothing will happen intentionally. It'll all just be happy accidents.

Once we reached the correct floor, we made our way to the buffet to see a huge crowd of people having similar ideas on hunger. We filtered into line and noticed numerous people who walked by and gave Amber a good look up and down. Her ass and boobs were super close to revealing, and she had not shaved her bush, so you could see the top peaking out from the tip of her jeans. On top of that, she kept moving and turning back and forth each time letting her pants fall ever so slowly downwards while she carelessly kept tugging them back up.

Once we got our food on our trays, we spotted a table all the way on the other side of the restaurant. Since we both had a lot of food, we had to each hold our own trays. This meant that Amber couldn't adjust her pants if anything were to go wrong. She didn't seem to care as she walked slowly across the whole floor with her pants falling down little by little on every step. By the time we arrived at the table, 2 inches of her butt was on display in the back with an inch of pubes showing in the front. She didn't even bother to adjust her pants. Amber just sat directly down into the booth we had. As I was sitting down, I looked across the room and noticed numerous eyes pointed in our direction.

As Amber began to eat her food, she seemed to get hornier and wanted to give more to the tease. In order to do so, she brought one leg underneath her and sat on it. While doing this, she made sure that her leg caught where her pants touched her butt and pulled it along with her leg into position in a prompt sweeping motion. This meant that now 3/4 of her ass was out of her pants and pretty much all her pussy. She then decided to tilt towards the wall which meant that her ass would point outwards to everyone in the restaurant. Not only that but she had also let her top rise and rest on the nipples so they were also out and about.

I along with all the other men in the room gave Amber a solid look up and down. She was sitting there in her neat blonde hair up in a bun with big reading glasses delicately resting on her face. Her spaghetti straps holding on for dear life while being assisted by her top resting on her perky hard nipples. Her hour glass waist leading into her pussy escaping out of her pants but pointed towards a wall hidden from view. However, her ass had come out of her pants into the view of everyone while it nicely rested on her bare foot that was crossed onto the seat.

Amber pretended not to notice any of this, but the drafts caused by the waters surely were chilly, and you could see her nipples get harder by the second. After we finished eating we got up and began to walk again across the room. Amber hadn't adjusted any piece of her clothing. She just walked across bare ass and pussy on display with her jeans barely hanging on. At this point, they had fallen down to almost mid thigh, so they weren't covering anything at all. Her tits just gracefully bounced on every step within reach of everyone she walked by.

Once we were in the elevator she looked irritated by how her top kept rising up, so she took it off all together. There she was in an elevator topless with her pants so low everything was out for show. She seemed very relaxed even though her pants were in a very uncomfortable position. I was getting kind of scared of this public flashing because I didn't want to get in any trouble and kicked off of the ship we had just boarded, so I was trying to rush her back into our room, so she could put on a different set of clothes.

The elevator let out a ding, and we reached our floor. We made our way down the halls to our room, but there was a crew member in the hall. I tried to think of an alternative path or hide until the crew member walked away, but Amber was having none of that. She walked carefree right past the crew member like nothing was wrong, and the he let out a slight grin at what he had just seen.

Once we got to our room, Amber saw herself in the mirror and noticed that her pussy and ass were showing since her pants had shifted so low. Apparently she didn't notice this. She was fine with being topless in public, but apparently being bottomless was crossing a line into embarrassment, which I will never understand. She was visibly frizzled that she had shown her pussy to the whole restaurant and the crew member, but also slightly aroused by this slight accident. We heard the captain then say that the pool and water slides were open to be used, so Amber went into the restroom to change into her bikini as more fun awaited.


Ch 5: Visiting The Water Park

Adventuring into the cruise ship water related activities.

Amber had appeared from the restroom changed into her new bikini she had bought a week ago looking sexy as ever. The bikini was a classic bikini. The top was a halter top tied together with two strings. One was around her neck, and the other was around her back. Frankly, I don't know how she tied it together, but then I remembered how flexible she was as a former cheerleader, so she probably had no problem reaching around back. I was already getting aroused thinking about how her boobs were jiggling around as she wrestled the top on. It was on the smaller end meaning her nipples were on the verge of escaping around the sides. Her bottoms were also a pretty standard string bikini bottom. Two strings on each side of the waist tied in a single knot holding the bikini up. The front was large enough to cover all her pussy and pubes and really didn't reveal much. The back rose to the height of her butt crack, and you could see a dimple right before her crack starts. She ditched her glasses and let her blonde hair flow downwards to her shoulders, and decided to once again go barefoot to the water park.

As we walked over to the water slides, I noticed that no one was gawking at Amber, which was a weird sight for me because she had always wore skimpy clothing that attracted the attention of passerbys. This felt a little too normal.

Once we reached the water slide, there was no line. In fact, the whole area was quite empty except for a few older men sitting at the bottom of the slide working on their tan. I stood at the top of the slide in my speedo thinking about how high the slide was and the force at which I would hit the ground. I was having some second thoughts, but Amber ushered me forward, so I took the first step and went down the slide.

The slide was very rough to say the least. By the time I reached the bottom, my speedo had ridden up and given me a massive wedgie. In the front, the outline of my dick was clearly visible which left me quite embarrassed. I quickly adjusted my suit without flashing anything to the crowd. Then it occurred to me. Amber is about to go down this slide in a bikini. She's going to get the same experience as me and that would not feel good. I should probably warn her, but it was too late.

Amber had already jumped into the slide. She hit the bottom super hard and her bikini top had rose up revealing major underboob. Her right nipple was peaking out from underneath her suit which she quickly adjusted to cover up. Her bottoms, however, rose up as much as they possible could. You could see a massive cameltoe in the front with the sides of her pussy trying to slip out. Her ass was basically on fully display as her bikini sagged into her crack.

Amber didn't fix her bottoms and was spinning around while fixing her top giving the old men at the bottom of the slide a clean look at her cheeks jiggling up and down. It wasn't until one of the lifeguards made her way over to Amber before Amber adjusted the bottoms back to normal. Amber just looked so hot. Her wet hair was dripping the water down her back and onto top of her exposed cleavage. It made its way around her hourglass shape onto her smoothly sculpted ass which was begging to escape the bottoms and breath the fresh air.

Amber said the water slide was just an intro, and that she wanted to try the flowrider. For those who don't know, the flowrider is an artificial wave machine that's supposed to allow you to simulate surfing. There's a big sign next to it that says "do at your own risk" and strongly advises against wearing bikinis or swimsuits of any kind because the force of the waves is known to take clothes right off. Amber completely ignored this sign because she didn't want to make the trip back to our room to change.

At the ride, there was a group of guys lounging around after using the machine. We watched as one of their group members wiped out on the ride. His broad shorts had been pantsed on the impact and his micropenis was barely wagging at all his friends. They were sneering and laughing at this misfortune, and if anything it gave Amber an indication of what was about to happen. She was instead mesmerized by the micropenis because this had been the first one she saw in her life, and she thought they were just a myth. The lifeguard covered the gentleman with the surf board and allowed him to put his clothes back on before letting Amber onto the ride.

He asked Amber numerous times if she was ready in reference to her swimsuit she was wearing. Amber tugged at her top and gave the thumbs up that she was ready to go. She lasted on the board about 2 seconds, and then completely wiped out. It's as if everything happened in slow motion. The force of the waves ripped off her suit and left her laying at the top of the ride completely naked. What more was it left her a little dazed that she didn't notice she was in her birthday suit.

The lifeguard acted quickly and gave her a surf board to cover herself up while going to fetch her suit. The group of guys were gawking at Amber's display as she waved at them. They thought she was teasing them, but she didn't know about her current state, so she was just being friendly.

Amber also thought when the lifeguard handed her the board, it meant for her to give the ride another go. She hopped on the board in her completely nude state, and this time did a little better with her balance. She was shaking back and forth trying to maintain her balance. Each movement she made, influenced her tits to sway back and forth while sending ripples up each of her ass cheeks. Her pussy was staring back at the group of gentlemen who were in a blank stare back, entranced by the situation they were in.

Amber eventually did wipe out, and the contact her ass made with the water made her realized the state of nudity she was in. Instantly she was embarrassed and moved both her hands to cover her pussy while leaving her boobs on full display. She ran over to the lifeguard who was holding her bikini. In doing so, her breasts were clenched in between her biceps giving them a more prompt look. Her ass was jiggling and swaying on every step she took. She made no effort to walk lightly, so every step she took made a big plopping sound against the ground.

The lifeguard was friendly and covered her up with some towels giving her the privacy to put her suit back on. When she came back to me, I joked about how she needs to start charging for her shows to which she embarrassingly sneered.

At this point we were done with the water park adventures and just wanted to relax and work on our tan. Amber decided she wanted a new bikini and was done with her current one which had come off without her noticing, so we made our way back up to our room for her to change before heading over to the ship's deck to work on our tans.





