"He was scrubbing the floor." Jonathan rose from the swing to pace the length of the porch. Christ Jesus. That image of Lex toppling back into the dark rose before his mind's eye for the hundredth time in the past three weeks. He'd be damned if he'd let that idiot Lex Luthor put him through that again.

Eli was standing at the railing with his back to Jonathan; he didn't turn around. "He was."

"Where did Clark take him?"

"Unknown."

"That doesn't worry you?"

"Clark is armed."

"That's not what I'm talking about."

Eli was silent for a moment. "Your son has a gift for defeating other men's demons."

Jonathan shot him a sharp look. Eli wasn't just talking about Lex. "What the hell is going on, Eli?"

"You know what is going on."

Oh, yeah, he knew what was going on. And he'd hated the idea of Lex exposing himself to lethal doses of Lionel Luthor from the moment Lex had told him about it. He'd hated it all the more because he knew perfectly well that Jonathan's little ride in Lionel's goddamned corporate helicopter was the reason Lex had agreed to it. What he didn't know was how the son of a bitch was making the most of his opportunity to mess with Lex's mind. "How is the bastard doing it? It's been all business, as far as I can see."

"We both understand the true nature of Lionel Luthor's 'business.'" Eli stood at the porch railing, his gaze fixed on the lane. 

Jonathan scowled and perched on the porch railing beside Eli, trying to see what it was the old devil was looking at. The lane was empty, of course, but that didn't mean anything. Clark might be able to see through walls, but Eli could see through everything else. There was probably a bomb in the mailbox or something. "Yeah, we do. And he understands the true nature of a double-barreled shotgun. Believe me, it's been nothing but EPA this and Savings and Loan that."

Eli swung around to face him with a grim expression. "No. There must be something else."

"If there'd been anything else I'd have blown his goddamn head off," Jonathan snarled, unable to restrain himself.

Eli raised an eyebrow. "Lines, Jonathan."

Jonathan gave him his dirtiest look. Getting advice on lines from Dirty Harry was like getting advice on laundry from Lex. "Someday Luthor's luck is going to run out."

"It is."

"And I want to be there to see it."

Eli got that look on his face, and Jonathan hastily glanced the other way. "You do not," Eli said in a deadly tone. Jonathan had heard Lex say once that Eli was a scary son of a bitch. That didn't cover half of it. "Think carefully, Jonathan. Think of everything the dog has said to Alexander, no matter how trivial it may seem."

Trivial. "Apart from hello and goodbye?" Jonathan sighed. "He asks about everybody's health, of course. Probably hoping one of us has dropped dead overnight."

"No doubt."

"He asks about…you know, Lex and Clark. Says he wants to understand."

"Indeed. I can imagine he wants very much to understand."

"He wants to understand why Lex would rather be here than over at that pretentious pile of rocks on Beresford Lane, too."

Eli laughed humorlessly. "I think it safe to assume that this will remain a mystery to him."

"He talks about Lex's mother sometimes."

Eli uttered something like a growl.

"Just nostalgic stuff. At least it sounded that way." Jonathan paused. Personally, he'd like to understand Lillian Edouard, but he didn't say so. "And he mentioned Lucas a few times."

"Lucas?" Eli shot him a startled look. "In what context?"

"He asked if Lex remembered him the other day."

"Remembered him." Eli turned his dark gaze back to the lane, eyes narrowed.

"Yeah. For a second I thought it was some kind of threat, but Lex didn't seem to take it that way."

"How did he take it?"

"Like his old man was on drugs. He said yes and changed the subject. Some poor kid being shot in his hospital bed isn't the kind of thing you forget." 

"Indeed. It would be prudent at this juncture to eliminate the possibility that Lionel Luthor is manipulating Alexander's body chemistry as well as his mind."

Jonathan swung toward Eli, startled. "Not a chance in hell. Luthor doesn't touch Lex's food, Lex's drinks or Lex, and if you think I so much as blink when we're out here, then you don't know me."

Eli surprised him with a genuine chuckle. "I know you, Jonathan."

What the hell did that mean? Jonathan scowled. "He's going around us. He's talking to his old man when we're not around to kick his ass."

"Very likely."

"That's got to stop, Eli."

"We are in agreement."

"I know Lex is trying to do right, here, but—"

Eli glanced heavenward. "Always he is trying to do right. Never have I seen a man do more wrong trying to do right than Alexander."

Jonathan snorted. "No kidding. Glad you finally noticed. And since we're talking about doing wrong—"

"Is this what we are speaking about?"

"When were you two planning to tell us about the negatives?"

Eli sighed. "You have begun your day early, Jonathan."

"I'm a farmer."

"I will assume that Mrs. Kent is now aware of this problem?"

Jonathan grimaced and perched on the porch railing. "You assume right. Martha and I don't keep secrets from each other."

"Jonathan—"

"And I thought those were the house rules we all agreed to." Jonathan tried to stare Eli down, and failed for the hundredth time.

Eli returned his stare with a strangely benign expression. "Alexander and I agreed that your recovery should remain your primary concern."

Jonathan fought the urge to club someone, preferably Eli, over the head with a blunt object. "I'm not a goddamned invalid, Eli! My recovery—"

"In fact, we agreed that your recovery should remain our primary concern."

Jonathan folded his arms across his chest with as much defiance as he could muster. "I already have a nurse, Callahan. You and Lex Luthor need to find a new line of work."

"This is not a joking matter."

"Who's joking? I'm fine, and I don't need—"

"You are recovering from major surgery. And I should tell you, Jonathan, that Alexander is quite determined not to lose you."

Jonathan felt the heat rise to his face. Damn the boy. "He's not losing me."

"No," Eli said mildly. "He is not. Tell me, have you considered the possibility that concealing the extent of your disability might be construed as a violation of the house rules?" 

"I am not disabled!" 

"Your temporary disability."

"Damn it, Eli, I'm not the one you need to worry about! Lex is—"

"Sit down."

"I'm not going to—"

"Sit down immediately." Eli took Jonathan by the arm and guided him firmly into the porch swing.

Jonathan closed his eyes and struggled to get his breathing under control. Damn. Damn.

"You must pace yourself. Your family needs you, Jonathan. Alexander needs you. You must pace yourself, or they will lose you when they need you most."

Jonathan leaned back in the swing and opened his eyes. Eli was regarding him with a worried frown. "Okay, okay. I take your point. Just…do me a favor and keep me in the loop from now on."

Eli's face relaxed into a smile. "Agreed. Although I tell you now that Alexander will not be pleased."

"Alexander will not be pleased if I put my boot to his ass either," Jonathan growled. "You're in a no-win situation, Callahan."

"Yes," Eli said gloomily. "This is life."

"Those damn meetings have to stop."

"We are in agreement."

"How do we convince Lex?"

"We do not, for we cannot. We must therefore convince Mr. Lionel Luthor."

"How?"

"You are very inquisitive regarding detail, Jonathan. It is not always conducive to one's peace of mind, being inquisitive."

Jonathan sighed and closed his eyes again. The comic book really did write itself.

***

Lex looked out across the blue water of the tree-ringed pond, then turned back to the more inviting sight of Clark stripping off his underwear at the water's edge. "We're going to what?"

"Skinny-dip," Clark said cheerfully. "It's been warm enough for a week. The water will still be a little cold, but—"

Lex grimaced at the blatantly diversionary nature of the proposition. "We are not skinny-dipping in this watering hole."

"I thought you liked skinny-dipping."

"In its proper place."

"And where's that?"

Lex glared. "In a heated, well lit, nicely chlorinated indoor pool."

"Wuss."

Lex gestured toward the water in distaste. Nature was all very well in its place, but there were limits. "There are probably things living in there, Clark."

Clark approached him, grinning.

Lex held his ground. "Killer beavers. Mutant fish with four-inch fangs."

Clark gently drew the tank top over Lex's head and tossed it aside. "Do you trust me?"

Lex closed his eyes as Clark kissed his shoulder, his neck. "Without reservation. It's the mutant fish I don't trust."

"There are no mutant fish."

"What about—"

"Or killer beavers."

"Vampire frogs?"

"Jesus, Lex, didn't you ever swim in anything but a pool before?"

"I certainly wouldn't appreciate other life forms swimming in my toilet, and I therefore refrain from swimming in theirs. Courtesy, Clark, is the hallmark of kings." 

"It's not a toilet, you spaz." Clark pulled Lex against him, laughing, and pushed Lex's boxer briefs past his hips. Lex shoved them down and kicked aside the last vestige of his dignity, sighing. Clark pulled him closer to the water. "The pond has a spring at the bottom. The water's probably cleaner than your pool. Come on. It'll feel good."

"I feel good right here," Lex whispered, holding on to the beautiful enigma that was Clark Kent. Even fratricide failed to faze this boy. This situation was simply impossible.

"You'll feel better," Clark murmured in his ear, pulling Lex along.

The cool water lapped against Lex's feet, which instantly sank into a thick ooze. "There's mud, Clark," Lex said through gritted teeth, trying to ignore Clark's laughter. "Mud."

"Ah, yeah, that's what's usually on the bottom of a pond, mastermind."

"This is all because I took the last muffin at dinner, isn't it?"

"Damn. You see right through me, Lex."

Lex looked up at Clark's grin and bright green eyes. "No," he said softly. "You see right through me."

Clark sobered, studied Lex's face for a moment, then drew Lex away from the shore, where the bottom fell away into deeper, purer water. It was cold, but Clark was warm, and Clark held him close, treading water for both of them. "I used to come here when I was a kid," Clark murmured. "It made me feel…like I was part of it."

"Part of what?" Lex lifted a wet hand and smoothed Clark's hair out of his eyes, the sensation of weightlessness enchanting him, penetrating his body to the core.

"This. The pond. The, uh, world. Like I belonged to it. To everything and everybody. You know?"

"Yes," Lex said unsteadily. "I know." Clark was right. He did feel better.

Clark kissed him. "Tell me what he says. The things that make you start remembering."

Lex drew a breath. "Clark, this has nothing to do with my father."

"Fine. Tell me what he says anyway."

Lex grimaced. "He says that he wants to understand."

"Understand what?"

Lex met Clark's gaze with difficulty. "Us. Your family."

"Our family," Clark said softly. "What else?"

"He talks about my mother. About Julian. He asked me—" Lex started laughing raggedly. "—if I remembered him. If I remembered my brother. I've started to have dreams about him. About Julian. They're…." Lex could find no appropriate adjective. "Nightmares," he said finally.

Clark scowled. "I don't believe this is real for one second, Lex. You loved Julian. You're the best man I know. It's impossible."

Clark was demented. "I was a twisted little fuck even then, Clark."

"You're not a twisted little fuck. You're not your father, Lex. Have you asked Eli about this?"

Lex shook his head. Eli. Eli and fratricide could not coexist. But then Clark and fratricide shouldn't coexist either. Perhaps his perceptions were not what they should be. Or perhaps he was just losing his mind.

"Or Pamela?"

Lex lowered his head as he choked back a groan. "No. No. For God's sake, she's dying, Clark. Leave her out of this."

"Lex, she was there. She could—"

"Promise me you'll leave her out of this, Clark."

Clark hesitated, then sighed. "Okay. I promise. But there's something too damn convenient for Lionel Luthor in this. I know it's hard, but think. Here you are, freaked out, afraid to talk to any of us…what was it you told me once about divide and conquer?"

Divide and conquer. Lex's head jerked up; he stared at Clark as if he were seeing him for the first time. Clark had grown up a lot in the past few months. Maybe too much.

The determination in Clark's face was solid granite. "We're going to sort this out. Together. There isn't anything you haven't told me, is there?"

"No," Lex lied softly, feeling the pure waters protest. "No, that's all."

***

Max has spoken the truth. There was certainly no sign of competent surveillance activity. Of course, Max was accustomed to some vestige of professional standards in such things, and had not as yet come to appreciate the ineptitude, the idiocy, the scheiss-for-brains antics of their enemy. Eli did not blame the boy. He himself had been taken aback and caught unawares more than once in the past few months, led astray by the wanton disregard for anything resembling intelligence. How this reek of stupidity had failed to reach the noses of Lionel Luthor and his creature eluded him.

Ah. Case in point. Here it came again, this very respectable blue sedan, and for the third time this week – moving at such a slow speed as to arouse the suspicion of even the surrounding roadkill. When a car moved that slowly it was usually because its driver was inexperienced, preoccupied or both. When a car moved away from town at an hour when every other vehicle in the vicinity was moving toward town, it was usually because its driver had an agenda. Given the location of the aberrant behavior, the driver might just as well have fixed a sign reading "I AM SPYING ON THE KENTS, PLEASE PASS" on his rear bumper.

Eli lifted his eyes to heaven as a telephoto lens emerged shakily from the driver-side window. It was a disgrace. There was not enough black shame in the universe to sufficiently burden the soul of this amateur. It was long past time to curtail this painfully inept exercise. Eli rose from his cover in the drainage ditch, climbed the incline, and planted himself in the car's path. 

For a few seconds, Eli wondered if the idiot would run over him in his bumbling efforts to get the camera to work. "Good morning, Mr. Fordman," he called, loudly enough to be heard over the car's engine.

The car came to a screeching halt a foot away from Eli, and the camera dropped to the ground, breaking in what Eli hoped were irreparable places. Whitney Fordman stared at him through the windshield, mouth open and fingers curled around the steering wheel so tightly that his knuckles were white.

"You are lost?" Eli continued, laying his hands on the hood of the car to lean forward with an amiable yet menacing air that had taken many years to cultivate.

"No! No, I'm not fucking lost," Whitney replied with considerable irritation. "What are you doing here?"

"I? I am taking a stroll before breakfast; it is good for the digestion."

"Get out of the way!"

"And then I am going to breakfast with the Kents, who have been kind enough to extend an invitation."

Whitney swallowed. "I'll run you down. I swear to God."

"What I am not doing is taking photographs of people and their private property without permission." Eli strolled around to the driver's side of the car, picked up the body of the camera, and popped open the back, producing a squawk of protest from the photographer.

"Are you crazy?" Whitney struggled to get the door open, but Eli leaned back against it as he exposed the entire roll.

"I am not. Kindly remain in your car, Mr. Fordman."

"Son of a bitch! You've got no right to ruin my pictures!" Whitney slammed his shoulder against the car door in vain.

Eli shrugged. "You had no right to take them. You have not only offended my muse, but my sense of propriety as well." Eli examined the camera grimly. "A very expensive piece of equipment, Mr. Fordman. Pardon my frankness, but I was not aware that your family's circumstances could accommodate the purchase of such a luxury."

"It was a present," Whitney snapped, snatching the camera out of Eli's hands.

"Ah." Eli bent down to lean through the window, and Whitney pulled back, clearly nervous. "A word of advice, Mr. Fordman. The gentleman in question does not give, unless he expects to receive something of greater value in return. Take care that his gifts do not become too expensive."

Whitney was white to the gills. "I don't know what the hell you're talking about!"

"Then you have the pleasure of anticipating an enlightening experience. If I see you here again, I will inform not only the Kents, but the police as well."

"Fucking kike." Whitney's face and voice were a snarl, and the poison Eli saw there was all too familiar. "I'll get you fucking fired."

"You are heading the wrong way, Mr. Fordman." Eli drew back from the car. Poison. "Turn around before it is too late."

Whitney threw the car into gear, pulled a U-turn, tires screeching, and roared toward Smallville as fast as the Fordman family car could move.

Eli snorted, turning toward the house. "The young are always so literal."

***

"So where did you two disappear to so early?" 

Martha looked up from the cooking bacon to see Jonathan looking at Clark over the top of his paper with a cat-that-swallowed-the-canary look. She was surprised to see Clark redden slightly. Lex, who was standing beside her pouring out the coffee, sighed and glanced at the ceiling. "You boys were out?"

"Came back with wet hair," Jonathan informed her blandly.

Clark cleared his throat. "We just went over to Harrison's Pond for a little while."

Oh, good Lord. Martha shot Lex an inquiring look, but he avoided her gaze as he carried several mugs of coffee to the table. Eli watched him with considerable interest, one corner of his mouth quirking upward.

Jonathan's eyebrows rose as he folded his paper. "A little early in the season, isn't it, son?"

"The water's warming up fast."

"Liar," Lex said calmly, setting the mugs down. "We had to scrape the ice off to jump in. The killer beavers will be laughing for weeks."

"Killer beavers my ass," Jonathan growled, dumping his artificial sweetener and skim milk into his decaffeinated coffee as if it were arsenic. "You city boys are all wimps."

"That's what I told him," Clark put in, grinning. "He only swims in heated pools, you know."

"I see I have once again transgressed the unwritten laws of Kansas country manhood." Lex retreated into Martha's territory, looking mildly amused. Eli was chuckling into his coffee.

Martha gave Lex a sidelong glance as he took up his place beside her, forked some butter into the frying pan, and starting cracking eggs into the mixing bowl with extraordinary energy. Martha stifled a sigh. Her eldest, as usual, was going to prove a challenge. She stabbed at the bacon and briefly considered fetching a crowbar from the barn. "You never mentioned our little negative problem," she murmured, deciding to start small and build.

Lex stopped scrambling the eggs for a fraction of a second, then continued, not looking at her. When he spoke, it was in a whisper. "Jonathan—"

"You should have told me. We agreed to no secrets, Lex."

Lex swallowed. "It was my mistake, and I didn't want you to think anything else. I should have realized that neither of them would keep the negatives with the prints. They've probably scanned and stored them by now."

"I know. I hope you're not planning on doing anything about this yourself. We don't expect perfection, you know." Martha touched his shoulder gently. "Just honesty."

Lex took an odd little breath. "Honesty can be problematic. I've always had trouble determining where the line between acceptable and unacceptable imperfection is drawn."

"There is no line," Martha said softly, turning away to flip the bacon. "We're not testing you, Lex. We're not going to send you away if you don't measure up to some stand—" Martha cut herself off, and carefully laid her fork down, horrified. "Lex."

"I believe you," Lex murmured. "And yet conditioned response will have its charming little way with us all."

"Conditioned," Martha repeated unsteadily. She drew a deep breath. "You're part of this family, Lex. We trust you."

Lex turned blue eyes full of unspoken anguish to her. "I know."

"Nothing is going to change that."

"Nothing?" Lex laughed oddly. "It's unwise to employ absolutes, Martha."

"Lex. Is there something else you want to tell me?"

Lex struggled visibly to maintain his composure. "No. I'm… No."

Oh, she could see where the wind was blowing now. "There is nothing in this world that could change how we feel about you," Martha said emphatically, abandoning the sizzling bacon to put both arms around the boy. If it took her the rest of her life, she was at least going to convince him of that.

Lex dropped his whisk into the bowl and hugged her tightly, burying his face in her hair. "Martha—"

"Hey. Hey!" Jonathan's teasing voice rose from the table a few feet away. "A little more cooking and a little less making time with my wife." Eli's chuckle was now clearly audible.

Lex hastily pulled back, his face slightly pink, and picked up his whisk again, all grave concentration.

Martha picked up her fork, managing to conceal her exasperation at Jonathan's excruciating timing. There was no doubt about it: the family enigma was considering haring off to correct his unacceptable imperfection. It was time to start establishing roadblocks in all likely directions.

"Cold water is good for the circulation," Eli remarked in a tone clearly intended to be audible in the kitchen. He took a sip of his coffee. "Or so my mother once told me."

Clark rolled his eyes, and Lex shot him a wry look. Martha couldn't hide her smile. Eli had obviously come to some similar conclusions, and diversionary tactics had been initiated. Well, the boys should have known that their little adventure would get them some chain-pulling, even if it was good for the circulation.

"Yeah, my mother told me the same thing," Jonathan said sourly. "Usually when the water heater was on the fritz."

"My circulation remains unaffected," Lex retorted. Martha watched as he regained his balance at the rather obvious maneuver. Someday she'd understand this boy. Catching Clark's slightly relieved smile, Martha was reminded that someone in the room already did. Thank God for that.

"I hope the poison ivy hasn't taken over Bud Harrison's woods again," Martha said pleasantly, dishing out the bacon. She saw Eli shoot her an admiring glance.

Lex sighed the sigh of the long-suffering. Clark looked at his mother with a pained expression, his face reddening again. "Mom. For crying out loud."

"Yeah, that would be a shame," Jonathan agreed, slurping his coffee. "Especially if some damn fools went tramping around in there butt naked."

Clark went scarlet. "Dad."

Eli managed to contain the guffaw Martha saw in his eyes. "Indeed. That would be most unfortunate."

"You're all developmentally arrested," Lex observed calmly, and Martha started laughing in spite of herself. "And I hope you realize that there's help available. I'll get the yellow pages."

***

"A school?"

"That's right."

"A school."

"You heard me."

Pete sighed as he took the turn into the juniors' parking lot. "Okay. Chloe? As a friend, I'm here to tell you that your Froot Loops have gone soggy."

Chloe glared at him. "You know it's a good idea. You're just jealous that you didn't think of it."

"News flash! I never would think of it. Tell Lionel Luthor that he's got to build a school for kids of the radioactive persuasion? After all the money he's shelled out on cleanup? I'd stand a better chance of survival throwing myself in front of a combine." Pete pulled into the first empty spot and parked the car. This day was not looking good. In fact, he had a distinct feeling it would suck meteor rocks.

Chloe lowered her voice. "Do you want those kids to have to go through what Clark does every day? Worry about getting hauled off to some lab?"

Pete made a rude noise, trying not to think about Clark being hauled off anywhere, let alone to a fucking lab. "And how exactly does a school keep that from happening?"

"Not just a school. A resource center. You know. Medical staff. Legal staff. Think of it as an ACLU for the genetically challenged."

Pete stared at her in fascinated horror. It was like watching a train wreck, if the train was carrying weapons of mass destruction. "You're going to tell Lionel Luthor that he has to pay for protection for the kids he wants to fucking dissect?"

"I think it's poetic justice," Chloe said archly. "Clark thinks so, too. In fact, he thinks it's a great idea."

Pete groaned. "Oh, Mr. Zero Life Management Skills thinks it's a good idea. That's just great."

"Clark knows what he's talking about."

Pete smacked the steering wheel. "We are talking about the guy who thinks he's in love with fucking Lex Luthor, aren't we? I mean, that shoots his credibility to shit as far as I'm concerned."

Chloe got that look on her face, that I'm-on-a-mission-from-God look, and Pete knew it was over. The Froot Loops had gone down for the third time. "Clark lives this. There's nobody else who knows what these kids are going through better than him. You know that. It's justice, Pete. That's the truth."

Pete drew a breath and tried again, because he loved to suffer. "Lionel Luthor doesn't give a damn about truth and justice, Chloe. You're making even more of a target of yourself than you have already. Do you get it? He's not going to take much more."

"He wouldn't dare do anything to us," Chloe said, with a confidence that stamped all over Pete's last nerve. "He'd be the prime suspect."

Pete exploded. "What the fuck planet are you living on, Chloe? He's Lionel Luthor. He owns third world countries. He's never going to answer for anything he does, not to the cops, not to the government, not to the Kents or A.J., and sure as hell not to you. Do you get it? He might as well be God."

Chloe hugged her books to her chest with one arm as she flung the car door open, flushed and defiant. "If Lionel Luthor is God, then I'm going atheist. And if you want out, just say so." She slammed the door behind her and stormed off across the parking lot, ignoring everyone who tried to talk to her.

"I want out! I want out!" Pete yelled after her. God, she was a maniac, she was a looney toon, she was a fucking tsunami of crazy. Shoving open his door, he climbed out of the car and slammed the door behind him. Striding after her, Pete was brought up short by the sight of Whitney Fordman sitting on the hood of his dad's car. He was drinking a beer – it was 7:30 in the morning, for Christ's sake – and staring at Pete as if he were a cockroach he'd just found in his Wheaties.

Whitney's mouth twisted into a sneer. "You got something to say to me?"

God, he didn't even look like the same guy anymore. Of course, knowing that this size eleven asshole had nearly gotten your best friend killed by a psycho reporter might tend to affect how you saw someone. Yeah, well. Screw objectivity. "Nobody's got anything to say to you, Fordman." Pete stalked past him, crossed the parking lot and headed for the school's front entrance, feeling Whitney's narrow-eyed gaze boring into his back every step of the way.

***

"Looking forward to that A," Martha said archly, kissing Clark's cheek as he pulled his jacket on.

Clark flushed. "If I get the A, can I get out of—"

"Pots. Keep talking and I'll come up with a few other things to keep you busy." Martha shoved Clark's backpack into his hand and gave him a gentle shove toward the door.

Clark glanced at Lex, who was busying himself by clearing the table. The bastard was whistling. Clark opened his mouth to point out the inequity of sofa versus pots, but caught the look on his mother's face and thought better of it. "See you, mastermind."

Lex glanced up, a smile lurking in one corner of his mouth. "Relax, Jiminy. The A's in the bag. All you have to remember is that ships never encounter whales on school nights."

"You. The bathroom," Martha said sternly, pointing toward the stairs. "Make it shine."

"Yes'm." Lex sprinted up the stairs, grinning.

Jonathan watched him go with an exasperated expression. "Has anyone explained to him that he's not supposed to like doing that stuff?"

Eli cast his gaze heavenward and opened the door. "Come along, Clark. We will be late."

"Have a good one, son." 

Clark glanced back over his shoulder as he moved through the door; his parents were already in each other's arms. Sighing, Clark ran down the steps and strode toward Eli's car. "Geez. They're always—"

"Yes?" Eli's tone was suspiciously bland. "Always?"

"You know."

"How surprising. When their son is such a model of restraint." Eli had the gall to sound amused.

Aw, hell, fuck and damn. Clark opened the car door and slid inside, slamming it behind him. His ears felt hot. Never, never again. Lex could just keep his hotness to himself when he came over.

Eli started the car and proceeded down the lane at his usual sedate pace. "Your parents are blessed," he said, his voice suddenly soft. He turned from the Kent's lane onto Hickory.

"Yeah, I know." Clark started to smile. "They're—"

Clark found himself flung against the dashboard as a large, long black vehicle roared around the curve to their right and cut them off. Eli swerved, but the limousine swiped Eli's front bumper and blocked their path, bringing both cars to a halt. "Down, down," Eli snarled, and Clark dropped onto the seat, heart pounding. Who? Who? Lionel? Some…some lab person finally come to take him—

Eli forced his door open and took cover behind it, his gun aimed at the driver's door. "Out! Hands first, if you please."

The tinted window rolled down. "Relax, old man. Here, see?" A woman's hand emerged, waving a Kleenex. "We come under a flag of truce."

Mercy, thought Clark numbly.

"We?" Eli snarled. "Do you mean to say you have the effrontery—"

We. Clark sat bolt upright to stare at the car.

It was Karloff's limo. 

Fucking Karloff's limo.

Here, a few yards away from Lex. A few yards away from Dad….

Clark had kicked the door open and strode around the back toward the passenger door of the limo before he could fully realize what he was doing. He could hear Eli shouting at him to get back in the car. He didn't care. There was only one thing he wanted to do, and there was nothing on this planet that could stop him doing it.

Wrenching open the limo door, Clark stared at the man inside, panting and speechless.

"Good morning, Clark." Luthor removed his sunglasses, looking amused. "You seem to be in an awful hurry to see me. I knew you'd come around eventually. I always—"

Clark grabbed Luthor by the lapels of his suit jacket, hauled him out of the back seat, and dealt him a right hook on the jaw that sent him flying several feet to land in the dust of the road on his back. "You son of a bitch! You sick son of a bitch!" A familiar orange haze colored his vision.

"Move, Miss Graves, and I will begin inflicting flesh wounds. Your employer knows that I am quite adept at this."

Clark heard the words, but they made no sense to him. "You nearly killed Lex. You nearly killed my father."

Luthor sat up, touching his jaw gingerly. "Yes, I do seem to recall something of the sort. I was having a very bad night. Sorry."

"Sorry?! You prick! You sick fuck! Get up!"

"So you can knock me down again?"

"Yes!"

"I don't think so. You may have broken some teeth. But I don't blame you." Luthor stared up at him. "If someone had tried to kill you, I'd have done the same. And then I'd have done worse."

"The purpose of this drama, if you please?" Eli's voice finally cut through the orange haze, and Clark stepped back, suddenly realizing just how close Luthor was to becoming barbeque.

"A peace mission." Luthor struggled to his feet, leaning heavily against his limo. "Clark, you have no idea how much danger you're in."

Clark let the full force of the fire return to his eyes and said nothing. He felt a hell of a lot of satisfaction when both Luthor and Mercy backed up against the car with wide eyes.

"Just imagine," Eli said softly, "how much less danger he would be in if the both of you were not seen again. Can you imagine that, Clark?"

"Yes," Clark whispered, knowing he was too close to the edge and not caring.

Luthor swallowed. "I have a peace offering." He opened his jacket, displaying the contents of the inner pocket to Eli, and carefully pulled a white envelope from it. He held it out to Clark.

Clark hesitated for a moment, then reached out to take it. Opening it, he saw negatives. "What the hell is this?"

"All the negatives of the photographs I had taken of you. And…Alexander had taken of you. You do know that he'd been spying on you, don't you, Clark?"

"What do you want?"

"Nothing," Luthor said softly. "Like I said. It's a peace offering. Oh. And there's a password written on the inside of the flap. Don't lose it."

"A password to what?"

"The encrypted files on my laptop. My personal files."

Clark snorted and shot Eli a triumphant glance. "Lex has already decrypted those files."

Luthor's expression went suddenly and frighteningly grim. "And you're still with him?"

"Get back in your car and leave," Eli snarled. "The truce is over."

Something in Luthor's face wouldn't let Clark look away. "What do you mean? Of course I'm still—"

"Enough! In the car at once!"

Mercy glanced at Luthor, who nodded. Mercy climbed back inside and shut her door. Luthor slid back into the back seat, his gaze never leaving Clark's face. "He hasn't told you about those files, has he?" he asked softly.

Clark slammed the door shut. "Get out of here. Don't ever come back."

Luthor leaned out the window as Mercy started the engine. "Clark. Listen to me. You need to read those files. You need to know the truth about who he is – hell, who we both are. Your life might depend on it."

Eli strode to the window and shoved his gun into Karloff's face. "Drive, Miss Graves. The decapitated are notoriously unreliable employers."

"Go, Mercy," Luthor said, looking at Eli as if he was ready to rip his throat out. With a screech of metal against metal, the limo took off down Hickory Lane toward Smallville, raising a cloud of dust in its wake.

Clark and Eli watched it go, then turned to each other. "What do we do now?" Clark managed to get past a clenched throat.

Eli glared and holstered his weapon. "We go to school, of course. You were thinking of more swimming, perhaps?" He walked past the front of his car, glaring at the damage and muttering. "Another day for the desert. It will get worse. Always it gets worse. Today there will be wasps."