Justin
by SoCalAshley

Overcoming her Catholic guilt, Ashley loses her virginity.

Hello and welcome to my first story for Literotica. I plan to write stories based on my college experiences. But before I went to college I lost my virginity to Justin.

I would like to give a huge thank you to my editor gapster7. I welcome your ratings, comments and suggestions. Please leave then here or send me a message. Thank you for reading and I hope other stories can follow.

To know who I am today, I have to start in September 2012. That is when I went away to college. I had just turned 18 the previous April and this was my first time away from home. All week I was trying to figure out what to take and what to leave behind. I ended up taking three suitcases full of clothes, one suitcase will all my shoes and 3 boxes of stuff I could not part with.

I woke up early that day, knowing my life was about to change. I got out of bed, took off the t-shirt that I had slept in and looked into my bedroom mirror. I saw someone who was scared but also very excited for a new adventure. In the mirror, the naked reflection was of a teenager who was 5'7", 120 lbs with long black hair and hazel eyes. I had European features that came from my Italian father and Portuguese mother. I took a closer look and saw my 32C chest. I placed my hands on my breasts and lightly stroked my swollen nipples. Turning around I saw a medium round butt that I've been told is my best feature. I was lost deep in thought when I heard my mom yell, "Ashley, are you dressed yet? Breakfast is ready."

I came down the stairs and my dad was reading the morning paper. Yes, my dad was a Luddite. He was the only person in the neighborhood who still got a print subscription. My mom, as usual, was making sure the eggs were perfect and the toast did not burn. We were financially blessed and my mom had been a stay-at-home mom since my older brother had been born.

Mom served breakfast at the kitchen table and we sat eating quietly. I knew my mom and dad were remembering two years ago when they drove my older brother to college and now they were taking me. They were going to be empty nesters and, although my dad was ready to have his wife to himself, I'm sure my mom was going to have a hard time finding out what the next phase of her life was going to be. Breakfast was done and while my mom cleaned up my dad started packing the car. He took a look at everything I was planning to take and said, "Good lord, I hope all your things fit into our SUV". I rolled my eyes and went back to my room for one last look.

Well, this is it. We got in the SUV and as I was getting into the back seat my dad took out a stack of Beatles CD's and picked Sgt Pepper. My mom closed her eyes and I knew she would be asleep before we got onto the freeway. I was accepted to a college that was a 3 hour drive from our home and I was glad I had this time to reflect. I closed my eyes and started thinking back on my life up to this point in time.

Both my parents are devout Catholics so religion had always been part of life. Although I've always gone to public schools, catechism and receiving the sacraments was mandatory. As I grew older I started to question my religious teachings and by the time I turned 16 I began to rebel and do things behind my parents back. Going out on dates was one of those things. My Catholic guilt was still strong, so most dates ended by the boy being very frustrated and me having feelings I did not quite understand. By the time I turned 18 in early April of my senior year those feelings became overwhelming. By then I was having fantasies about what I would do once I turned 18. So when my first real boyfriend, Justin, asked me to the senior prom, I gladly accepted hoping that we would do more than just dance.

Justin and I started getting serious in the middle of our senior year of high school. He was 6 months older than me and we had similar backgrounds. I've known him since middle school and always thought he was very cute. By our senior year he was over 6 feet tall and had a very athletic body. He was the starting forward for our varsity basketball team. I knew he had previous girlfriends who were older than him and early on he told me one of them took his virginity right after he turned 18. The fact that he was more experienced than me, made him even more attractive.

I love birthdays because my mom always made them special. My 18th was no exception. Mom knew how much I liked Justin and said it was okay for me to go on a date with him for my birthday. It was the first time Justin and I went out with the full blessings of my parents.

Justin picked a very fancy Italian restaurant. It felt nice to get dressed up, so I wore a silk blouse and a short pleated skirt. The restaurant was perfect for the occasion. It had only 10 tables and the waiter spent time making sure our water glasses were filled. Justin told them ahead of time it was my birthday so the tiramisu birthday cake was complementary, along with most of the staff singing happy birthday.

After our superb meal ended instead of bringing me home and ending the date, Justin drove us to a quiet secluded place to park. We started by just talking, but then he leaned in and gave me this wonderful kiss. At first the kiss was soft with our lips just touching. Our eyes were closed and our hands were on each other's shoulder. Eventually the kiss intensified as our lips parted and our tongues began probing. Making out in a car is always awkward, but we didn't care. Justin broke the kiss and brought his lips to my neck. I leaned back took hold of his head, and guided him back towards my mouth. Determined to go beyond just kissing, Justin moved his hand under my blouse and began rubbing my tits over my bra. In the past Justin would never get far, but tonight I was feeling daring. I reached back and unclasped my bra and Justin brought his hand under the bra. As we kissed Justin began caressing my breasts and my nipples hardened by his touch. This is the farthest I been with a boy and those feelings of guilt started creeping in.

I suppressed those feeling and continued to kiss Justin while allowing him to touch my breasts in a way they never had been touched before. It felt so nice to be touched. I took a peek at Justin's pants and I saw that it was also turning him on. Eventually his other hand started wandering down over my blouse and back up under my skirt and towards my panties. I knew what Justin wanted, but I also knew this is not how I wanted to lose my virginity. I took Justin's hand and pressed it against my vulva and I began to rub Justin's cock over his slacks. He looked at me not quite understanding and I said, "I'm not ready for more than this." By way of accepting how the night would turn out he opened his legs and allowed me to stroke him over his pants. He was very hard and I knew it would not take long for him to come. His breathing quickened as I rubbed harder. He closed his eyes and he said, "Oh Shit," and I could feel wetness under my touch. He took his hand away from my panties and I could also feel wetness inside me. We both just sat there quietly. We were at a new place in our relationship and both of us knew that it would not stop there.

Justin dropped me off at our front door and drove away. I was hoping I did not look too flustered as I walked into the house. My mom was watching Dancing with the Stars and she barely looked up. I rushed upstairs to my room knowing what I needed to do. I took off my blouse and skirt, unhooked my bra and got on the bed. I wanted this to last so I kept my panties on and I let my mind wander. I thought about how Justin touched my breasts and how good his kiss felt. Just thinking about this sent tingles down my spine. I took off my panties and I began to massage my vaginal opening. I slowly inserted my finger into my pussy. By this point I was so wet that I easily was able to move my fingers in a circular motion. My other hand went to my breast and I softly touched my nipple. I increased the speed and pressure and that feeling of nirvana began to build. I brought my hand from my breast down to my clitoris. I began by stroking my clit through the hood. I formed a V with my fingers and started sliding up and down the sides of the shaft. With one hand on my clit and the other deep in my vagina, I began to breathe hard and then this intense tingling pleasure started in my clitoris. Immediately it spread (somehow slowly and all at once) through my whole body, down to my toes and to my fingertips. I brought by hand to cover my mouth and I let out a muffled cry.

I woke up the following morning knowing that the senior prom was only three weeks away, but those three weeks crawled. I tried concentrating on my classes, but all I could think of was how Justin and I could be together once the prom was over. With the help of my closest girlfriend I began trying to convince my parents I was staying with her after the prom. Finally my mom said it was okay and I hoped it would all would work out.

The morning of the senior prom finally arrived. I spent most of the day in anticipation. By late afternoon it was time to get ready. I wanted to take a long shower so I could take care of something I had wanted to do for a long time. I wanted to be completely shaved for Justin. After I finished shaving in the shower I got out, and still naked, I applied moisturizer all over my skin and paid special attention to my bare pussy.

On my bed my dress for the evening was laid out. It was a BCBG floor-length pleated gown that was light blue. I opened up my dresser bottom drawer and took out a Victoria's Secret floral lace thong panty and a smooth strapless bra. I took careful care to make sure my makeup was just right. Then I got dressed and I was now ready to face my parents. My dad did a double take as I walked down the stairs. Good thing he had no idea what I was wearing underneath my dress. But it was the look on my mom's face that said it all. She was looking at her daughter and knew whatever influence she had on me, was a thing of the past.

Justin and his basketball buddies arranged for a limo to take a group us to a local restaurant and then to the prom. The limo pulled up and Justin came to the door wearing a Calvin Klein rented tuxedo. Of course mom and dad embarrassed me by taking lots of pictures while Justin pinned the corsage on me and walked me to the limo.

The restaurant and most of that evening is now just a fuzzy memory. I do remember slow dancing with Justin to Kelly Clarkson's, "A Moment Like This". We started by just dancing close together, but by the middle of the song we were holding each other tight to the point that we were grinding on each other. Justin's hands traveled down my back and he pressed me tight against him. I could feel him grow and by the end of the song he had a full erection and my thong panties were soaked. After the song was over we somehow made it back to our table and waited until it was time to leave the prom.

The limo once again arrived to take us home. With my parents thinking I was spending the night with one of my best friend, Justin and I knew that when the limo got to Justin's house we both were going to get out. He lived in a very fancy neighborhood where most homes had a pool. I met Justin's parents before and I knew that they never stayed up late. So Justin and I very quietly went through a side gate into the back yard. By the pool there was a changing room just large enough to hold a couch.

Once inside, Justin took off his jacket and we both kicked off our shoes. We sat on the couch and made small-talk. But soon both of us were lost in deep thoughts that were too raw to be said out loud. Suddenly Justin leaned over and started kissing me. As we kissed Justin's hands started fumbling with the dress, but I was impatient to wait for him to figure it out. I stood up from the couch and just looked at Justin. I was nervous, but determined. Standing before him I slowly slipped out of my dress and tossed it on the couch next to where Justin was sitting. There I was, standing just wearing a strapless bra and a thong that barely covered my pussy. I reached around my back and unclasped my bra and tossed it next to my dress. Justin was paralyzed looking at me. First his eyes met mine and them they traveled to my breasts and down past my thong, down my legs and finally to the toenails I had painted that night.

I came back to the couch kneeling on Justin's lap with my legs on either side of him. I leaned into him and we started kissing again. While we kissed he used his hands to first tease up one nipple before moving to the other. Then he broke away from my lips, bent down to my breasts and took my breast into his mouth. With his tongue he began flicking the nipple making it even harder. I brought one hand over his head and arched my head back enjoying the pleasure of his touch. I moved my other hand from behind his back to the top of his thigh and slid it up until I felt the hard shape of his rigid cock under his pants. Continuing the movement, I surrounded the shape of the shaft with my fingers watching it grow thicker and longer.

Justin moaned into my breast indicating the powerful rush of pleasure I'd unleashed with that single stroke. His hands then started moving away from my breasts, down my stomach and over my thong, stroking me gently. It was now my turn to moan.

I knew we were at a point of no return. I had been wanting this moment for some time, but I still felt this uncertainty. The one thing that there was no uncertainty about was that Justin needed a condom. I looked into his eyes and said, "You brought condoms, right?" He looked back, eyes wide and said "In the jacket pocket." He reached over for his coat and took one out.

That out of the way, I slid off his lap and started unbuckling his belt. I guess it was his turn to be impatient because he got up and took off his shirt and socks and dropped his pants. He just had on his boxer shorts that were tented and I had only my thong. We looked at each other and I said, "At the same time, okay?" He slipped off his boxers and I tossed my thong. We were both naked together for the first time.

Justin just stared at my pussy. Maybe he was surprised to find me lacking pubic hair. Maybe he was fascinated with the smooth flesh of the mound. It did not take him long to recover, because soon he was gliding his hand several times across it before rolling his finger up to my clit and massaging it gently. All I could do was stand there with my eyes closed, breathing in and out.

I opened my eyes and stared at Justin's erection. Maybe doing that wasn't such a good idea because as I got my first clear look at his length and width, I momentarily panicked. To rub it under his pants was one thing. To see it for the first time was altogether different. Surely it wasn't meant to be this big. Surely it was too long and too thick to fit inside me. Justin must have noticed, because he smiled at me and said, "I'll go slowly, I promise."

Justin took my hand and led me back to the couch so I was lying on my back staring up at him. He opened the condom package and slipped it on his hard cock. That task completed, he got on top of me and kissed back up my stomach, across each breast and settled down again by holding me in a passionate embrace and penetrating my mouth deeply with his tongue as his fingers started rubbing my pussy. He moved his hands over my vulva testing my readiness for him. He didn't have to worry. The nervousness and uncertainty gave way to this tingling feeling between my legs. I was more than ready for Justin to enter me.

He moved my hips forward so his cock was directly over my pussy. He lowered himself just enough so that he was located firmly at my opening, but still not inside. He looked into my eyes, and said, "Is this okay?" All I could do was nod. Then he brought a little weight down upon me, penetrating my pussy lips and sliding into me. I felt some initial resistance and pain. Yes, I was lubricated enough. Yes I was aroused. But my body was taking some time to adjust. Justin, sensing that, took it easy. He started to slide up and down, going a little deeper until the resistance and pain came back again; then he slowed down. He continued doing this, each time letting my body become more accepting of this new and unfamiliar sensation.

I was now enjoying his hard cock between my legs still feeling a little discomfort, but no pain. I was now concentrating on the feelings that I felt when I masturbated. It begins deep inside and starts by spreading all over my body. It was turning into a pulsing sensation coming from the thrusts of his hard erection. I was so close to coming, but then I heard Justin cry, "Oh, Ashley, Oh God, Ashley!" and I felt him climax, spraying his seed into his condom. His body involuntarily drove into me, suddenly penetrating me deeper than ever before. That penetration caused my juices to flow and I felt pleasure rippling through me. To Justin's credit he did not pull out. He continued to move, faster now. He kept watching my face, knowing I was near. Justin reached down and with his fingers he began playing with my clit. At the same time he kept pumping up and down. Although he was not as hard he still felt amazing inside me. That is when it happened. I let out this loud moan and the strongest and most beautiful orgasm I had ever experienced overtook me. Justin then stopped and we held each other tight as our breathing slowed down. As we both started to relax, he slipped out of my pussy and he lay next to me on the couch. As we held each other, we both fell into this deep, deep sleep.

I don't know how much time had passed, but I heard "Ashley, Ashley wake up." I opened my eyes, completely disorientated. I looked up and saw my mom. She was staring at me. I panicked forgetting where I was. But then I heard Magical Mystery Tour on the CD player and remembered I was in the back seat of my parent's car, going off to college. I looked at my mom and asked, "Are we there yet?"
