The Notebook - The Games We Play

A/N: Well. This is chapter thirteen. There are nineteen chapters. The Notebook will end on March 20, so mark your calendars (we have). However, there will also be multiple spinoffs and a sequel, so don't fret, friends.

I'll take this time to pimp our other fics for the Mpreg lovers and Mary-Sue haters. Not enough people have read Rachel Echizen, the Princess of Tennis: A Parody.

Disclaimer: We don't own anything. Besides Ryomoka. But she's not around anymore. Sad face.

Warnings: There is a distinct lack of random sex in this chapter. Hm. We are slipping. However, there is Never Have I Ever and Truth or Dare, which means there is some sexual stuff going on (as well as one of my favorite lines in the fic), and… that's pretty much it. Like I said, we're slipping.

Eiji looked around the room, immensely bored. "What now, Fujiko? It's boring in here. It was more fun when we had Ochibi and Kaidoh because we could ask them embarrassing questions."

"Mm... well, Ryoma will be back in five minutes, and Kaidoh in twenty-five, so maybe then we can play truth or dare."

"Or Never Have I Ever!"

"But we don't have any alcohol... Besides, we don't want to be drunk before the meeting tonight."

"Then we could use something non-alcoholic, couldn't we?" Eiji bounced up and down.

"Please? It's my favorite game!"

"I suppose."

"Yay!"

Momo, once again, was starting to feel a surge of pride course through him at Ryoma's words. He lifted the smaller boy up and hugged him tightly. Despite the fact that Ryoma was struggling to get down. He did not like being picked up; it made him feel smaller than he already was. "Quit squirming and let me hold you!" Momo demanded as he squeezed the freshman in his arms tighter.

Ryoma sighed. "Fine..." They stood there like that for so long Ryoma wondered why Momo's arms weren't tired of holding him up. Then he noticed he had wrapped his arms and legs around the larger boy in a return embrace.

"Whose clothes are you wearing, Ryo-chan?" Momo asked, finally setting him on his feet.

"Fuji-sempai's." He lifted the sleeve up to Momo's face. "Don't they smell good?"

"Come on, let's go find your clothes." Momo placed his hand on Ryoma's head and mussed the dark hair affectionately.

"But the time limit-"

"Fuji-sempai will get over it."

Ryoma raised an eyebrow. "Did you hit your head? Fuji-sempai doesn't just get over things. He holds them over your head until he exacts revenge. Horrifying, demoralizing, possibly bloody revenge. You missing a ten-minute time limit could cause us both a very painful death. I'm too young to die, Takeshi."

"We've got five minutes left. It won't take that long to find your clothes."

"If we're late I swear I will not have sex with you for a month."

"You're the type that would actually keep that promise, too..."

"Is there anything you and Tezuka haven't done?"

"We haven't had sex in public. Yet. I'm saving that one for his eighteenth birthday."

Eiji giggled.

"But there's a lot of really weird stuff that I don't have any desire to try."

"Like what?"

"Have you ever heard of German fetish porn?"

"Um... no..."

"Good, let's keep it that way."

Oishi groaned as he heard a shout of 'BUT I WANT TO KNOW!' from upstairs. He buried his face further into Tezuka's shoulder. They had settled lengthwise along the squishy couch and were cuddled together. A door slammed open and the pounding of feet and giggling came down the stairs. The redheaded cat-boy slid down the banister just after the tensai cleared the last step. Kikumaru reached out and grabbed the smaller brunette, tackling him to the floor.

"Gotcha, Fujiko!" He began tickling mercilessly.

Tezuka and Oishi each maneuvered to a half-sitting position to watch as their ukes played. Tears of laughter began to form in the corners of crystalline blue eyes. It was so rare to see Fuji Syusuke with no mask.

"Eiji, no, I hate being tickled!" Fuji laughed, struggling in vain to fight Eiji off.

Eiji cackled evilly. "Too bad, Fujiko! Oishi, help me hold him down!"

Oishi's eyes twinkled with amusement. "Sorry, Eiji, you're on your own."

"Oishi, you meanie!"

Ryoma moaned as Momo nibbled lightly on his earlobe. "Stop..."

"You don't really want me to stop."

"It's been ten minutes... the longer we wait to go back, the more screwed we are."

"I'll screw you..."

Ryoma stiffened noticeably.

Momo stopped immediately. "I'm sorry, Ryoma..." The hands that had been playful were instantaneously soothing and reassuring. They smoothed over the bare skin of Ryoma's top half when a thin t-shirt covered the exposed skin.

Fuji laid sprawled across his best friend, panting and out of breath. The semes still watched them curiously from the couch, as if they were some strange alien creatures invading their territory. "Ne, Fujiko, can we all play together?

"I don't see why not," Fuji said as Eiji sat up and situated the other boy comfortably in his lap.

A sparkle went through Eiji's eyes. "Never have I ever given Buchou a hickey!" he crowed.

Fuji grinned. "Guilty."

"Um. Me too," Oishi admitted.

"Really? When?" Eiji asked interestedly.

"That-that night."

"Oh! I see." Eiji grinned. "Fujiko's turn now!"

"Hm... what haven't I done..."

Ryoma came sprinting down the stairs at that moment, Momo following. "Um. There you are, Fuji-sempai. We-we just spent the last-" he glanced at his watch, "three minutes in your room trying to figure out where you went."

Fuji raised an eyebrow. "Really."

"Um. Yup."

"Well then, you can join in our game of Never Have I Ever."

"Okay." Momo sat in one of the plush chairs and dragged Ryoma into it next to him.

"Never have I ever been a voyeur to another couple in this room." Fuji wasn't expecting every person in the room to drink.

Inui was nipping a light trail down the back of his kouhai's spine when he was stopped. His thumbs were tucked into Kaidoh's waistband and a light touch removing them told him that they wouldn't have enough time for him to do what he wanted to, but his uke looked thoroughly molested, and therefore part of his goal had been achieved.

"I will never hear the end of this..." Kaidoh pulled himself up from where Inui had stretched him out across the bed and ran a hand through his hair in an attempt to comb it into submission.

Inui smiled in amusement as his uke's hair fell back into his face, making the smaller boy glare at the unruly locks. "No, you probably won't, seventy-six percent."

Kaidoh stuck his tongue out only to have it captured by his sempai's warm mouth.

"Yeah you have, Fujiko! That night when we were all together, you watched me and-" Eiji squeaked as Oishi hand hastily covered his mouth.

"Eiji, don't bring that up, please..."

"But it counts! Fuji can't cheat! Doesn't it count?"

Fuji shrugged. "I don't know if that actually counted as voyeurism. You knew I was there."

"But!" Eiji pouted. "Fine..."

"Maybe-shouldn't we go back?" Kaidoh panted as Inui trailed kisses down his neck. "Fuji-sempai will be angry..."

Inui sat up, sighing. "I suppose. Let's go."

Kaidoh blinked. Usually Inui would put up a fight before allowing Kaidoh to get away without sex. It was nice that Inui was trying to be more accommodating, but Kaidoh wasn't sure he liked it. It just wasn't... Inui-sempai.

The pair straightened themselves up and left the room. As Inui shut their door Kaidoh reached down and laced his finger through the hand his sempai wasn't using. He knew it wasn't the same as sex, but it was at least physical contact. When the analyst gave him a confused look he just hissed, allowing the oncoming blush to creep into his cheeks. He didn't see the smile on Inui's face, but everyone else did as they came down the stairs and joined the circle.

"Okay, okay, my turn!" Momo said as everyone's laughter died down. Ryoma had finally noticed the fact that they had substituted his grape Ponta for alcohol. "Never have I ever... hm... Never have I ever given my boyfriend head." It was fun to make everyone drink.

"Ochibi, you didn't drink..." Eiji looked rather confused.

"Eiji-sempai, when you haven't done it you don't have to drink..."

Everyone looked at him shocked.

"Yes, you have, Echizen," Momo said exasperatedly.

"...I have?"

Momo leaned over and whispered in his ear, and Ryoma flushed bright red. "Oh. That's what head is?" He took a drink, pulling his cap down over his eyes.

"It's your turn, Echizen," Fuji said, trying to keep the amused smirk off his face.

"Never have I ever had a foursome."

Tezuka's eyes narrowed, Eiji blushed, Oishi twitched, and Fuji just smiled. They all drank.

"Ii data..."

Kaidoh tried to think of something as it was his turn. " Never have I ever had sex with a girl."

"Does Fujiko count?" Eiji snickered looking around Oishi at the tensai.

"Eiji..."

"Yes Fujiko?"

"Run!" Fuji was on his feet in an instant and running after their acrobat. Eiji was laughing as the brunette sputtered indignant curses at him.

"Tezuka... should we...?"

"There is an eighty-two percent chance that if Tezuka takes action he will be going without sex for a set amount of time. Fuji is very sensitive about his masculinity..." Inui scribbled. "Never have I ever refused to kiss my boyfriend after giving him head until I have brushed my teeth."

Oishi blushed, but drank as an angry shout came from Eiji, who Fuji had pinned to the ground by this point.

"I topped you!" Fuji yelled, pinning Eiji's hands above his head while tickling him with his free hand.

"I let you top me!" Eiji countered, giggling uncontrollably.

"Oh, did you? I didn't realize how discontented you were with being on the bottom when you were screaming my name!"

Oishi cleared his throat. "Taka-san, it's your turn."

"Uh, right. Um... never have I ever... had sex in the clubroom."

"Fuji, you have to drink," Tezuka called as Inui and Kaidoh downed a shot. "Let Kikumaru go."

"This isn't over, Eiji," Fuji warned, standing.

Fuji returned to the group and drank before saying, "Never have I ever video taped myself masturbating and given it to my boyfriend as a gift." Eiji returned to the circle, hitting Fuji on the head lightly, before drinking.

"Never have I ever dressed up as a cat for my boyfriend." Tezuka decided to make them both drink so they'd quit glaring. Each of the ukes picked up their Ponta cans and drank.

"Snake?" Momo peered at his fellow second year.

"Inui-sempai is just as bestiality-loving as Buchou and Takeshi then..." Ryoma smirked and tried to move closer to his boyfriend as Kaidoh glared threateningly at him.

"Never have I ever... Hm… never have I ever had sex in public," Eiji said. He knew the only people he could possibly get with this question were Inui and Kaidoh, but he was curious as to the answer. Much to the acrobat's delight, the pair drank, Kaidoh's face flushing darkly.

"I knew it!" Eiji grinned. "Inui, is there anything you haven't gotten poor Kaidoh to do?"

"Very little, Kikumaru," Inui answered, smirking.

"Mou, I haven't even gotten Mitsu to do that yet!" Fuji pouted huffily.

The doorbell interrupted him, and Oishi jumped up to pay for the pizza. It turned out the pizza boy had gotten lost on the way to the cabin, and after profuse apologies he left. Oishi set down the boxes in the middle of the circle and they got back to the game.

"Hm... Never have I ever messed around with my boyfriend in my sibling's room."

"Does being-"

"Yes, it does."

Tezuka and Fuji drank, almost needless to say, as well as Eiji and Oishi.

"Never have I ever involved a cactus in foreplay." Momo laughed as his close-eyed sempai drank reluctantly.

"That was a cheap shot, Momo-chan. I will get you back for that."

"Never have I ever watched a porno with someone who I wasn't dating," Ryoma said.

Fuji and Eiji drank, and the rest of the team gave them uncertain looks.

"Not together," Fuji promised. "None of you know what it's like because you don't have older siblings, but they have a lot of fun making you feel uncomfortable."

"My brother told me about losing his virginity when I was eight," Eiji added. "In explicit detail. It was one of the most horrible experiences of my life."

Fuji shuffled around Tezuka and hugged Eiji gently. "It's okay, Eiji. I know how you feel."

Tezuka and Oishi glanced at each other and rolled their eyes. Sometimes they just didn't understand their ukes, and they didn't want to either.

"Never have I ever gotten poison ivy from having sex in the woods." Kaidoh looked very pleased as Fuji and Tezuka both drank.

"Never have I ever talked my way out of a ticket," Inui said. Fuji, Eiji, Momo, Ryoma, and, unexpectedly, Tezuka drank.

"I was trying to run over Mizuki..." Fuji mumbled.

"Shouting at people out my window..." Eiji was still gaping at his friend.

"Racing with Kamio..." Momo griped. He had lost.

"Joy ride..."

The team turned to Tezuka. "I didn't use a turn signal," he said flatly.

Everyone laughed.

It was Taka-san's turn again, and he furrowed his brows thoughtfully. "Hm. Never have I ever had sex in an elevator."

Tezuka threw Fuji a Look. "You told him about that?"

"No. I didn't tell anyone about that."

Taka flushed. "Um. It was when we were staying at that hotel for nationals last year, right? The security people came to my room to complain... I don't know why they picked my room, but..."

Tezuka rubbed the bridge of his nose. "So everyone who happened to be working security at that time saw what happened."

"Probably more than that. There was a tape."

Eiji giggled. "I bet they kept it so they could watch it whenever they were bored. You guys should go stay in that hotel sometime and see if anyone recognizes you."

"Never have I ever mud wrestled," Tezuka said after a moment of thinking. Fuji and Eiji both drank, giggling at obviously amusing memories.

"Saa, never have I ever used toothpaste as lubricant." Oishi and Eiji drank. it wasn't that surprising to the team with the redhead's dental hygiene habits.

"Never have I ever showered in the girls' locker room and not gotten caught!" Eiji giggled as Fuji drank next to him.

"Never ever has my boyfriend been seen outside one of our rooms in a sexual costume," Oishi said. Momo and Tezuka drank.

"Yuuta," Fuji explained simply.

"I don't understand how your poor brother isn't scarred for life..." Oishi muttered.

"Yuuta is scarred for life," Eiji said.

"I think the fact that he's a seme and I'm an uke makes up for it, though," Fuji said. "He held it over my head for a week after the first time he walked in on Tezuka and me."

Yuuta semes Mizuki?" Inui asked, surprised.

"I didn't believe it either at first," Fuji said. "Dear little Miruki-kun seems a tad too controlling to uke, but I highly doubt Yuuta was his first-" Fuji's lips pursed angrily as he said this- "so he probably knows you can have just as much control from the bottom as the top if you really want."

"You would know, Fuji-sempai," Ryoma quipped with a smirk and a tug of his cap.

"No, not really. I don't mind letting Kunimitsu take control of things..." His smile widened a fraction.

"Mou, never have I ever bottomed to my uke," Momo broke in. Tezuka drank.

"Ne, Oishi, could we try that?" Eiji looked at his boyfriend curiously.

"Would you let me do that?" Ryoma looked up at Momo, his left eyebrow arched up into his bangs.

"But you're uke..." Momo said.

"Ne, Fuji-sempai, couldn't I seme?" Ryoma looked for back-up.

"Well, you see Ryoma-kun, this is how it is. No."

Ryoma got quiet and stared, expecting an explanation.

"Hierarchy..." Fuji sighed. This needed to be explained to Eiji and Ryoma, as well as Oishi and Momo, he supposed.

Tezuka pinched the bridge of his nose, knowing what was to come. He had been in the room when Fuji had come up with this...thing. The little brunette had chattered aimlessly about this and that and his reasoning while Tezuka made a poor attempt at doing his school work and not threatening to drown his uke's precious cacti to shut him up.

"You see, within the Regulars-except you, Taka-san, since you're the only straight one-there's a certain hierarchy of seme...ness. Inui's at the top."

Inui grinned. "Oh?"

"You're the tallest, and Kunimitsu is a little bit more girly looking than you, so he's second." Tezuka glared at him, but Fuji ignored him and went on, "Oishi's third, because-well, Tezuka did top you, Oishi, so it's obvious he's more seme than you."

"I'm last?" Momo exclaimed disbelievingly.

"You're the youngest, and the shortest," Fuji explained. "Anyway, now we start with the ukes. Eiji's the least uke of the four of us, so he's at the top. Then me, then Kaidoh, and then Ryoma."

"I... don't understand why I'm second to last," Kaidoh said.

"It's not so much to do with appearance this time as how you act. You mostly go along with whatever Inui asks-very uke-ish behavior."

"Why the hell am I last?" Ryoma whined.

The others looked at him as if it was the most obvious thing in the world-which, really, it was.

"You're the baby, Ochibi," Eiji said exasperatedly. "You're little and cute. You scream 'uke' more than me, Fujiko, and Kaidoh all combined."

"But I'm the Prince of Tennis!"

Momo was the first to start laughing, earning him a sharp punch to his right arm. Eiji soon followed. Ryoma crossed his arms and tucked his chin against his chest. Stupid sempais! They just didn't get it!

"I hate you all..." he muttered. Momo snaked an arm around the sullen boy's waist and drew him, surprisingly without protest, into his lap.

"Sorry, Ryo-chan, but it's true." Momo tried to soothe.

"Never have I ever had a crush on a sempai other than my boyfriend." Ryoma muttered.

"What was that Ochibi?"

"Never have I ever had a crush on a sempai, other than my boyfriend." Ryoma repeated, louder this time.

Momo drank, as well as Fuji, Oishi, Eiji, Taka, and even Tezuka. Kaidoh was the last to, grudgingly, drink.

"Inui?" Fuji urged.

Inui was scribbling away incessantly. "All of my interests have been younger." His hand discreetly closed over Kaidoh's.

"Mitsu?"

"Yamato-buchou..." Tezuka said with an embarrassed blush.

"Same..." Fuji blushed.

"Fuji-sempai has a thing for captains?" Momo said snarkily.

"Sugiyama-fukubuchou..." Eiji blushed darkly.

"And Kikumaru for vice captains then? Ii data..."

"Oishi?"

"Takesue-sempai..." Oishi looked down, ashamed.

"Isn't that the jerk who hurt Buchou?" Eiji looked confused.

"That's when it stopped…" Oishi balled his hands into fists in his lap.

"What about you, Momo?" Fuji tried to deflect the conversation.

Momo laughed nervously, "Well you see...the first few times I saw you I thought you were a girl and..."

"Strike two, Momoshiro Takeshi..." Fuji's eyes peeked open. "What about you, Kaidoh, since obviously Ryoma-kun hasn't ever shown affection to anyone but Momo..."

Kaidoh flushed. "Kikumaru-sempai..."

His fellow Regulars, besides Inui, stared at him in shock for a long moment.

"Nya, Kaoru-chan used to like me?" Eiji said disbelievingly. Suddenly Eiji remembered the first time he'd met Kaidoh, back in his second year at Seigaku. He'd been coming out of the locker room shower, dressed in nothing but a fluffy white towel around his waist, and had bumped into the then-first year. They both crashed to the ground; Eiji was the first one up and held a hand out to Kaidoh, saying "Mengo, mengo, nya" sheepishly. Kaidoh had blushed bright red and dashed out of the locker room, and Eiji was left blinking in utter bemusement. "Ohhhh."

Kaidoh's blush deepened. "It was first year, and you reminded me of a cat. I thought Inui-sempai was creepy then..." He gave his boyfriend an apologetic look, but Inui shook his head.

"It's fine. I am rather creepy. Kawamura, what sempai did you like?"

"Kazuha-sempai, the girls' captain last year," Taka said with a slight blush.

"It's your turn again, Mamushi," Momo jested.

"Never have I ever used the excuse of dropping a utensil to give my boyfriend a blow job under the table." Kaidoh looked at Fuji with a faint smirk. The tensai drank and resisted the urge to stick his tongue out.

"Never have I ever had the 'lights on, light off' argument." Inui was scribbling his new data down.

Tezuka and Fuji drank, and then Momo and Ryoma. It wasn't surprising that Momo and Ryoma had had that argument, but they all looked to Fuji for explanation.

"Mitsu likes the lights on, not me."

Eiji giggled. "I never would have guessed it'd be Buchou!"

"There's lots of things you wouldn't guess about him, Eiji." Fuji smiled secretively.

"Like his dirty German talk thing?"

Taka, Inui, Ryoma, Momo, and Kaidoh looked at Tezuka, varying degrees of interest and surprise in their expressions.

"Dirty German talk?" Inui asked, picking up his pen.

Fuji smiled. "I like it when Tezuka speaks German during sex, though. It's very... sexy."

Tezuka gave Fuji another Look, and the tensai looked back at him innocently.

"Ii data..."

"Taka-san's turn," Fuji said brightly.

"Never have I ever been caught masturbating." Fuji, Eiji, and Momo drank all muttering something about 'goddamn siblings.'

"Never have I ever had to run a hundred laps around the tennis courts," Tezuka said.

Everyone drank except Kaidoh and Taka, who rarely if ever broke rules.

"Ne, Mitsu, can we play something else before Eiji and I drink our weight in Ponta?"

"What do you want to play now?"

"I don't know..."

"Lets play truth or dare with teams! I call Fujiko!" Eiji latched onto the smaller body next to him. Ryoma curled tightly to Momo's chest, signaling he'd chosen his partner.

"But there will be one person without a partner..." Inui said, looking up from his notebook.

"It's fine. I'd rather referee after what happened last time," Taka said good-naturedly.

"Assuming Kaidoh and Inui have paired..."

"Buchou pair, nya!" Eiji giggled.

Tezuka sighed. He didn't mind pairing with Oishi, but he'd rather pair with Fuji, to be honest-that way, he couldn't be on the receiving end of the tensai's dares, and he didn't have to watch Fuji and Eiji do things together, should they be dared to.

"Nya, Taka-san, can we go first?" Eiji asked excitedly, bouncing up and down.

"Ah, yeah, sure, Eiji."

Eiji grinned and whispered in Fuji's ear. Fuji shook his head. "No, we don't have-"

"Oh, right. Well, how about-" Eiji whispered something again.

"No, I only have chocolate flavored."

"You always have raspberry!"

"I didn't think I'd need it on vacation."

Tezuka's eyes narrowed. "I don't want to know what you two were planning on doing with raspberry flavored lube, but how does Kikumaru know about that?"

Fuji just smiled and disappeared upstairs. "Buchou pair, truth or dare?"

They looked at each other and said, "Truth" together, as if they were dumb enough to take a dare from their ukes.

"Mou, FUJIKO, THEY PICKED TRUTH~!" Eiji shouted upstairs. A pouting Fuji walked back down cloppily.

"Okay then, if you weren't already in relationships with us, would you date each other?" Fuji sat back down, looking up at the semes through his bangs.

Oishi looked at Tezuka. "I... well."

"Judging from our friendship before we met the two of you," Tezuka said, "it's quite possible."

"There's a seventy-eight percent chance that you would have, had Fuji and Kikumaru not gone to Seigaku," Inui added.

"It wouldn't have lasted, though, I don't think," Oishi said. "I mean-you two are..."

Eiji grinned broadly. "Your perfect uke matches, nya!"

Oishi had the decency to blush while Tezuka coughed slightly.

"Momoshiro and Echizen, truth or dare?" Tezuka questioned.

"Dare!"

"Echizen, drink a body shot of Ponta off Momo." Oishi smiled as he gave the dare.

Eiji and Fuji exchanged glances. They didn't think their other halves would compete so flawlessly. They passed more looks back and forth as the teams youngest member drank Ponta from Momo's naval. The next dare was planned out.

"Mamushi, are you guys doing truth or dare?" Momo said, popping back up.

Inui glanced at Kaidoh. "I would prefer not to take a dare from Momoshiro. Is that acceptable?"

"I guess," Kaidoh mumbled.

"Truth," Inui said, and Momo deflated.

"What is with you picking truth all the time?" he asked dejectedly. "Fine, fine. What's the weirdest effect Inui Juice has ever had on one of you?"

"...I turned purple once," Kaidoh said. "And... hm... there was the time I couldn't smell anything for a week."

"No, no, those weren't the strangest," Inui argued. "It was the glow-in-the-dark-"

"Inui-sempai!" Kaidoh growled, flushing. "Not that one."

"But Kaoru, we must be honest."