PHIL CAUGHT

BY PHIL MCCRACKEN

Part 3

The Cure, part A

Phil sat in the den with a drink in his hand. He didn't drink
often and this time he chose 100 proof Wild Turkey. He intended
to tie one on. His son Mark had come in and asked about dinner.
Phil handed him twenty dollars and told him to order a pizza.
Phil spent the day trying to remember what he could have done to
offend Amber. She was avoiding him and refused to talk to him
about what he had done. This was far beyond puberty. Normally
after she did her homework she'd be downstairs on the phone or
watching TV with him. Now she had sequestered herself to her room
with her now repaired computer.

Amber was done with her homework and now started to read the
story 'The Cure'.

Amber awoke wondering why her father hadn't come to wake her up.
She put on her robe and slippers and looked at the clock, it read
9:45. That was pretty late, normally daddy had breakfast waiting
for her at 7:00. She walked to the kitchen just as he walked in
from outside, he was carrying a few packages.

"Make yourself a bowl of cereal. We have to get ready to go." he
said.

"Where are we going?"

"Never mind, just eat."

Phil walked out of the kitchen to his room. A few minutes later
he came back as Amber was in the middle of her breakfast. He sat
down with a cup of coffee. Amber finished and put the bowl in the
sink.

"Honey, on my bed is a nice dress and other things for you to
wear. Please go put them on."

Amber went to her father's room and saw a yellow backless
sundress with cornflowers and a pair of yellow bikini panties. On
the floor was a pair of sport sandals. She noticed that there was
no bra. She thought that a gust of wind would blow the dress up
over her head. She blushed as she put on the dress. He bought me
that dress two months ago.

Amber walked into the kitchen as Phil finished locking up the
house. He took her by the hand and led her out the backdoor.
Outside she saw parked in the driveway a camper van.

"Where did you get that?" she asked.

"I rented it for our trip."

"Where are we going? Don't I need to pack?"

"I've packed everything we'll need."

They were in the van when She asked, "Where are we going?"

"For your summer vacation, we are going for two weeks to the
Sunshine Nudist Camp."

"NOOOOO!!!" Amber screamed. She scrambled looking for the door
handle. Had Phil buckled his seat belt he wouldn't have been able
to grab her wrist and drag her to the back of the van. He
straddled her back and rummaged for the coils of clothesline he
had packed. He tied her wrists together behind her back. He got
off her and flipped her dress over her head. Taking a length of
the rope he started whipping his defiant daughter.

Whap! " Owww!" A red loop appeared on Amber's thighs. Whap!
"Owww!" Whap! Ouch! Whap! Smack! Thwack! Whap! I wonder how much
that would really hurt?

Phil then tied Ambers ankles together and attached them to her
wrists, she was hogtied. He left her on the floor of the van
sobbing.

Three hours later Phil pulled into the Sunshine nudist camp.
After pulling into his assigned space he untied Amber and
undressed her. She sat on the floor unwilling to move.

Phil undressed. Amber watched. She had never seen her father
naked before.

"Stand up." Phil ordered.

Amber slowly stood up. Phil took a bottle of sun block and
squirted a glob on Amber's shoulders and rubbed it in. Soon he
had to apply the sun block to her chest. He spent an inordinate
time rubbing those golden orbs. Hmm, so he likes tits.

He spent as much time on her mound of Venus and between her legs.
She got wet. When Phil finished he handed her the bottle and
said, "Now do me." I saw that coming.

Amber rubbed the greasy lotion all over his body but froze when
she came to his scrotum.

"Come on. You don't want it to get sunburned, do you?"

Amber gingerly scooped Phil's balls and squirted the lotion on
his prick. Her small hand worked the lotion in and to her
astonishment his 'thingy' grew. She gasped at it stood straight
up.

"What Happened! Did I hurt you?" She asked in a panic.

"No honey, it's alright. You just made it go erect. Something
you'll be doing to a lot of guys."

When they were done with each other Phil started to unpack.

"Come on outside while I set up the van." Phil said.

Amber didn't want to leave the van.

"Do you want another whipping?"

Amber shook her head.

"Then get out of there now!"

Amber slowly left the van and stood nude in the sun for the first
time in her life. Almost immediately four kids came up and asked
if they could help. Amber covered her breasts with one arm and
her crotch with the other.

"This must be her first time." Said the eldest boy.

"Yep. And she's terribly shy to begin with." Said Phil.

"She'll get over it and have a lot of fun. That is if she'll just
relax."

"Come on, let's go swimming in the lake." The boy said as he took
Amber's hand.

"Go on Honey. Just be back in about an hour for lunch."

Phil smiled as Amber was led away to start on her new journey in
life.

