Doppleganger ch IV
*****************
note to readers, please read i-iii before this one:)  If you are too lazy, here's the lowdown.  Our hero, a man named Kel, woke up one morning with a pussy instead of his dick and figured out that he had a weird ability to change shape.  When changed into a different form - male, female, other ;), his body chemistry changed too.  He met another one like him and she has taught him how to change his shape to fit the fantasies of people who are deserving of having them fulfilled.  

Copyright 2002 Geek_Writer
I don't mind if you reproduce this on your website, just let me know first!!! geek_writer@yahoo.com
**************************

We woke up the next morning and I spent some time trying to read thoughts and fantasies  Nikki would throw at me without having to change shape.  At first it was hard to do without changing, but it got easier as I practiced more.  I was nervous that I was using up all of the fluid I needed to change, but Nikki assured me that I would replenish most if not all of the fluid in my body on my first fantasy.

After being everything from a huge Nordic god to a dimunitive japanese woman, Nikki assured me I had the knack.  I realized that the scent of the person giving off the fantasy was the trick, reading emotions and thoughts through that was one of the abilities that I had to pay more attention to.

"Your first will be fairly simple, and they'll work up from there.  You will probably get a 'call' on your way home if things go as they should."  She was back to her true form instead of my dreamgirl form.  She was about 5'11" or so, had nice breasts, and decent curves.  To tell the truth, I was finding that it wasn't so much the package but what I saw in the eyes that was attracting me more.  Nikki had deep blue ones that I loved to stare at.

We walked out of her apartment and she gave me a long hug and a kiss goodbye.  I tried to speak to her in my head, but she wasn't responding like she had before.  When I asked why she couldn't she smiled sadly.

"It's a sort of link we have with a newbie to help them, direct them through their early stages.  It goes away as you develop mental muscles you didn't know you had.  Like the ability to analyze different meanings in that special scent.  You were amazing by the way, you took me a LOT higher than the woman in Seattle, but she's learning..."  She grinned and kissed me again as I squeezed her ass and grinded my crotch into her robe.  She stepped back as I got into my car and blew me a kiss.

"You've got my number and email, call if you need me, or if you want to play!!"  I smiled and waved, yelling "THANK YOU!!!!"

On the drive back to Houston, my mind was strangely calm.  I had expected to be totally confused, but something had come over me while I was with Nikki that just made it all seem right.  Yes, it was unbelieveable that I could change my shape and that I was going to be responsible for fulfilling people's deepest fantasies.  I love sex, don't get me wrong.  It was just now I was BUILT for it, and the benefits were a lot more than 'gettin some' more than usual.  

The physical ability to take on another shape and feel what it was like to be loved as a woman, to adapt my shape to be mostly female but with a penis and how that felt...My emotions and thoughts were really dictated by the person I was helping.  Nikki had said that I wouldn't have any problems with any of the fantasies because once I began changing, my body would be turned on by whatever it was that the person was thinking.

Me, as a virile man in my 20's would have told you to go fuck yourself if you had said I would have liked getting it in the ass.  And as Kel, I wouldn't have enjoyed it.  But when my body changed into a young hot kinky woman, it turned me on like nothing else.  I was pratically begging Nikki to use the male body she shaped into to ream me till I screamed.

I kept thinking about it all as the miles sped by.  Driving along a Texas highway in a black mustang convertible was an experience in and of itself.  I pulled into a gas station to fill up and realized that Nikki's comment about being more animal than normal was well warranted.  There were several people there and my sense of smell was heightened.  I could 'see' what some of their lives were like, how one guy's wife was ignoring him, or how that woman's husband beat her, or this child was really sweet and other things.  I tried to shut some of it out and to my surprise, the scents changed a bit, became a lot less in my head.

I paid for the gas and hopped back into my car to finish up the ride.  I had gotten about 15 miles farther along when I two things happened at once.  I saw a man by the side of the road, smoke pouring out of the engine, and I was caught up in the most powerful scent I had ever smelled.  It was like jasmine, earth, and cinnamon and I knew it was him.  I began to slow down and pulled over to help him, knowing that this was my first fantasy.  He hadn't seen me because the smoke pouring out of his engine was obstructing his view.

I sorted through his scent quickly and saw what he wanted.  I looked back to make sure he hadn't spotted me and that no one was looking, and changed instantly.  I pulled my belt tighter and pulled down the neck of the shirt to expose a little cleavage.  I put the car into reverse and moved back
towards his car.  He saw me just as I came near his and smiled, walking over to me.

"Morning Miss, thanks for stoppin."
"Anytime handsome..." I said in a sexy little voice.  He was about 40, divorced, and at about the bottom of his luck as one person could be.  His car breaking down was just the last straw in a long chain of bad luck.  I wasn't sure how I could tell, but sorting through his scent was becoming second nature.  He was handsome in that rugged way, but his body just looked tired.

"Can I give you a lift somewhere?  She doesn't look broken, she looks dead..." I giggled pointing at his seriously beaten down car.

His eyes lit up, "Would you?  Oh I can't thank you enough.  I only live a little bit further along the road..."

"I will count on your being a gentleman and be happy to.." I said turning my chest to flaunt my ample cleavage at him.  I closed my eyes slightly because the desire being communicated through his scent was intoxicating.

I could see the tool in his pants harden as he said, "Let me just get my bag.." his eyes riveted on my hardening nipples.  He practically sprinted back to his car as I reached down and rolled up the legs of my jeans.  I kicked off the now too big sneakers and put them under my seat.

He was back with a small bag and his keys in just under 30 seconds.  "I put a note on it telling them I would have someone pick it up, but to tell the truth, I am better off without it."  The last part of the sentence ended with a slight sigh.  I was determined to make this man's millenium, so I put my hand on his knee and purred, "You just tell Candy which way is home, and we'll take care of you..."

He stared at me openmouthed as I pulled into traffic.  There weren't many cars around so I picked up speed and stayed in the right lane.  I turned towards him and laughed at the still stunned expression on his face.

"What's up handsome, cat got your tongue?"
"You're name is C-Candy?" he said through a very dry mouth.
I nodded, knowing that his fantasy was with a woman named Candy and that I looked a LOT like her, just with bigger boobs, and fuller lips.

He just stared at me as I pointed to the exit sign, "Is this it?"
He shook his head out of a dream, looked and said yes.

I pulled off onto the ramp and we made our way to his house.  It was a mile or two off the interstate and on a few acres of land.  There was a swingset in the backyard and the house was falling into disrepair.  I pulled up to the end of the drive and shut off the car.  He was still sitting there staring at me.

I turned to face him and smiled.  "I need to tell you some things, and I need you to not ask too many questions.  This is all happening for a reason, you are a good man, and you deserve this.  Yes, I look at lot like your ultimate fantasy, because I am here to fulfill it.  Don't ask who I am, or how or why it's happening, just know it's for you."

I unlocked the car and got out, closing the door.  I leaned down to show him a nice shot of cleavage.  "So, are you going to take me inside and ravage me, or am I going to go home?"

I giggled as he jumped out of the seat and over the door without opening it.  I walked around the front of the car and put my arm through his.  We walked together up the front steps and he put down his bag while he unlocked the door.  I looked inside and saw office supplies and folders, he had just been laid off.

He noticed me looking into it, and nodded sadly.  I put my hand up to his face to caress his cheek and felt a tear slide down his face and into my hand.  He needed this fantasy badly, but he also needed comforting.  I opened the front door myself, took his hand, and led him inside.  I shut the door and pulled him into what was the living room.  There were odd pieces of furniture so it was obvious his wife had left him and taken the good stuff with her.

I sat him down on the couch, dropped my keys on the floor and straddled his lap.  I took his arms and put them around me as I hugged him to me, resting my head on his neck, my mouth close to his ear.  He was beginning to shake as I whispered in his ear, "It's okay, I am here...go ahead, you need it.."

As I kissed his cheek, the floodgates opened and I was awash in his scent.  It was almost horrible to behold, so much pain and sorrow came flooding out of him all at once, I thought he would hurt himself.  He howled as the tears streaked down his face, and I hugged him tighter as I felt the pain begin to leave him.  As his breathing started to calm, his scent changed.  It was almost like a spring rain had come into the room and cleansed him of his pain.

I pushed myself up by the back of the couch and wiped the tears from his cheeks.  He looked at me in amazement, saying "Who are  you??"

I answered by lowering my mouth to his and kissed him lovingly and softly.  His lips softened and danced with mine as his arms pulled me in closer.  His scent described his need so I began unbuttoning his shirt.  I broke the kiss to pull it out of his pants and unbuckle them.  One hand worked his pants open while the other played with the hairs on his chest.  His nipples were really sensitive and made him writhe slightly and moan deep in his throat.  

It was one of the more amazing parts of my abilities to pinpoint exactly what would turn my 'clients' on.  I gave him a long french kiss before lowering myself to the floor to pull off his pants.  I freed his stiff cock from his underwear and was pleased to see it was a nice eight inches.  I made a slight mental nudge in my pussy to accomodate his length and tightened things up.  I looked up at him as I licked the head and began to run my long fingernails up and down the shaft.

His head went back as he sucked air through his teeth and he clutched the couch with both hands in a death grip.  I knew he wouldn't last long and I wanted him in my pussy, so I popped the head in my mouth and slowly began to move my way down the shaft, enhaling more and more of his cock with each bob of my head.  I used my free hand to play with his balls and soon had him grunting and gasping for air.

I sucked very hard and gave his balls a squeeze resulting in him spraying the back of my throat with his come.  Unbeknownst to him, the sperm in my mouth set my skin aflame with desire as my body absorbed it and converted it.  I didn't let up on the suction or the bobbing of my head until his penis went soft.  I licked my lips and stood up to look at him.  He was breathing heavily, his eyes rolled back in his head with just his shirt on.

I waited for him to open his eyes before putting my hands on the bottom of my shirt and slowly pulling upwards.  I teased him slowly, hoping to get a reaction out of his soft cock.  I swayed sexily and showed him the bottoms of my round breasts and saw him start to get hard once more.  I let it fall and put my hands on my belt, undoing it slowly.  He licked his lips as I got to the buttons on my jeans, undoing them one at a time.  Continuing to move back and forth, I put my hands on my hips and slid my pants down over my hips to expose a pair of sexy lace panties.

I dropped my head so my hair covered my face and wondered how I had gotten panties on me when I had been wearing tighty whities.  Shrugging mentally, I stood up slowly, pulling up my shirt.  As I pulled it up over my head, I noticed my creamy breasts were encased in a matching lacy bra.  Smiling at his now erect cock, I slid my panties down to expose my blond haired pussy.  I played with the outside with one hand as the other stole up to the clasp in the front of my bra.  I unhooked it as I slid a finger into my hot dripping pussy.  I shrugged my arms out of the bra exposing a perfect set of 36D cup melons.  I pinched a nipple and cooed as I moved my finger back and forth over my clit.

"Do you want me baby?"  I stopped stroking my pussy and hefted a breast in each hand.  He nodded dumbfoundedly as I moved towards him.

Rather than tease him any further, I straddled him and put the head of his cock into me.  My silky pussy accepted the head of his cock as we both let out deep moans.  The scent coming off of him was as powerful as ever, and I reveled in it.  I moved slowly down his pole, inch by inch until our pubic hair mingled.  He moved his hands to my breasts and started squeezing and playing with my nipples as I began to ride his rigid cock up and down.  I put my hands on his shoulders and began fucking him in earnest.  My tits were shaking up and down with wild abandon as I clenched the muscles of my cunt to bring him off.  He wasn't far from coming when I felt his finger near my ass and his scent changed.  The need dictated in his scent didn't allow me to do anything but jam my pussy down on his cock and growl, "I want you to fuck me in the ass...."

He beamed a huge smile at me as I rolled over onto all fours next to him.  He scrambled off the couch and behind me as I pulled my cheeks apart and rested my head on the back of the sofa.

His slick cockhead popped into my ass easily and I pushed all the way back in one stroke, giving myself a nice little orgasm in the process.  Out of the haze of lust I looked over my shoulder at him and said, "Don't worry about hurting me, just grab my titties and jam that cock in and out of my ass baby...."

He reached around in front of me, grabbed my tits and pulled my partially upright.  He was good as his word as his cock began sawing in and out of my tender ass.  With Nikki it was great, but this was a part of his fantasy he had never thought would come true, so the scent coming from him was intoxicating.  He kept saying "Oh my god Oh my god" over and over as he pummled his meat into my ass.  I was not only picking up his pleasure, but realizing that I truely enjoyed being fucked from behind.

I put my hands over his and groped my big tits, squeezing my nipples as he rammed me from behind.  His grunts got louder and more aggressive just before he roared and came in my ass.  My body exploded as the first drops of his sperm his the skin inside my ass.  I screamed and had the most mindblowing orgasm I had ever felt.  He continued to poke me in the ass until his cock began to get oversensitive and he had to stop.  He collapsed on the couch, taking me with him.

Again, as my body converted his seed, I felt energized.  He lay on the couch breathing heavily, a hundred questions on his mind.  I smiled as I put on my clothes. 

"Don't ask, and don't tell.  You are an amazing man, even if Emily is just realizing it today."
"How did you know my exwife's name?"
"I know a lot sugar...You'll find that you won't be able to tell anyone about this, just hold onto it, it's yours."
He smiled, nodding.  "I can't even form the words to thank you, and tell you how much that meant..."
"You don't need to, I can tell.  Now, your life is going to be a little different from now on.  Yes, you just got your ultimate fantasy, but I am on you now, and in your skin.  You'll notice that your luck will be a little different tomorrow.  Don't ask, and don't tell.  Just let life flow and what happens, happens."

He nodded as I bent down and kissed him passionately.  "Besides," I said, "I may see you again...don't look for me, but you never can tell...."

I went to the front door, he turned around on the couch to look at me.  "Bye Candy..."

"Bye sugar, it was fun...Get dressed, you might be having company sometime soon."

I closed the door and went out to my car.  I got in and pulled out of the driveway and stopped at the end of the block.  A woman and a little boy in a truck turned the corner and made their way down the street.  As they turned into his driveway, I smiled, knowing it was Emily and she was coming home again....