Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Slime From Outer Space Chapter Four: Naughty MILF's Futa Awakening
Summary: THe new futa-mommy explores her new cock when her virignal daughter walks in on her.
Keywords: Hf Hhf inc oral creampie facial anal 1st wife MILF cheat monster

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Shannon Mathers

My stomach tightened as I stared around my bedroom. Ruru was gone.

The futa-slime who had just had a threesome with me and my mother was gone. Vanished. I groaned. Where had she wandered off to now? Last time, she had slipped into the bathtub and molested my mother as she enjoyed her evening bath.

I could hear my brother and sister, Kyle and Morgan, playing video games downstairs. They were into it, as usual. Dad was probably down there reading a book or something. Mom was safely tucked into bed, passed out, and becoming a futanari herself.

Ruru being missing worried me so much. I turned around and looked for something to wear. I found Mom's bathrobe and pulled it on. I slid the purple housecoat on and belted it around me. As I did, I realized my futa-cock had vanished.

Was it all a dream? I whispered. Did I never find a futa-slime that had fallen from outer space?

Then I felt my bud. My clit felt like it could turn into a cock. As if it had shrunk because I had lost my arousal in my fear.

Well, that was something. It might be hard to explain to some people how I had a futa-cock. Maybe it was for the best that I didn't have it all the time. It certainly would make wearing my panties and tight jeans impossible.

Clad in the bathrobe, I went searching for Ruru. She was a big, pink slime that could turn into a human. Well, me, specifically. I looked around the hallway. I padded down it then opened Morgan's door. My little sister's room was a cluttered mess. Clothes everywhere, makeup dumped on her bed like she had emptied out a bag full of it. She had posted notes stuck around her mirror. 

Ruru? I whispered, looking for the alien.

No sign of her.

I closed the door and sighed. Then I headed down the hallway to Kyle's bedroom door. I opened it. His was far, far too neat to be a teenage boy's room. My older brother's room was almost unlived in. The bed made like he was in the military, not even a sock on the floor. 

I fell to my knees and peered under the bed. No Ruru. Not even a secret porn stash.

Where was she?

I opened the linen closet in the vain hope that she was in there. But, no, she wasn't.

I headed down the stairs now, my stomach twisting with worry. The sounds of video game playing had grown louder and louder. I reached the first floor and peered into the living room. There was Kyle and Morgan on the couch still playing their fighting game.

Haven't you lost enough tonight? Kyle asked as he sat one end, his elbows on his knees as he stared at the screen. He had short, brown hair and green eyes, an athletic guy that I knew my friends found cute. 

I just have to find the right character to kick your ass, said Morgan. My little sister had her legs curled beneath her and a blanket over her lap. She held the controller in her hand, a look of intense concentration on her face.

Where's Dad? I asked, seeing no sign of Ruru at all.

What you need? he asked. He had a glass of water in his hand. I was about to head off to bed.

Uh, just... Mom's asleep, I said, panic fluttering through me. I think she had a long day at the hospital, so, y'know, don't wake her.

It's sweet that you're concerned, kiddo, he said as he walked past me sipping his water. You two, don't spend all night playing this trash.

Street Fighter isn't trash, Dad, Morgan hissed.

It is, compared to Mortal Kombat, Dad said. Back on the Super Nintendo. That was a fighting game. Not like these modern ones.

Ugh, with those shitty graphics, Morgan muttered. No thanks. No, I bet I can beat you with her!

We'll see, Kyle said. He glanced at me. Want a turn, Shannon?

I shook my head, getting really worried about where Ruru had gone. I moved through the house, drifting into the kitchen. I peered out at the backyard. 

This hadn't been a hallucination. She was real, right?

I didn't see her outside in the backyard. She wasn't in the bathroom. I went to the front door and peered out into the dark. Had she just wandered off? Maybe she had to do things? I mean, she had to have come to this world for a reason.

And I doubt it was to make Mom and me into a futa.

I sighed and looked at the living room. My brother and sister were on the couch playing their game. They were so focused on it, I bet Ruru could have gone out the front door and not even been seen. She was gone. 

That was that.

Nothing more to do about it. 

With a heavy heart, I headed upstairs and slinked into my room. I stripped out of Mom's bathrobe and threw myself on my bed naked. I had cheated on Raquel with an alien and my own mother. This night was so messed up.

I didn't think I would get any sleep. I rolled over and stared out at the starry sky. Ruru had come from out there. Maybe she had to go back? How? Did she need to phone home? Would the government come after her?

Was she finding another girl to fuck? I sighed and hugged my Rem body pillow to me, rubbing my face into the blue-haired maid's that decorated it. I missed her already. I missed the futa-slime from outer space. It was so strange. I barely even knew her.

But... She had been in me.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ruru

The two aliens sitting on the couch didn't see me oozing across the floor and creeping beneath it. They were yelling and shouting and having so much fun. It was dusty beneath there, but I kept that stuff from sticking to me. 

I listened to them, wanting to understand their language. I needed to know a few more words than what I had learned. I needed to communicate. Their language was so different, but how hard could it be? I just had to focus.

I listened to the two. They were shouting. One had a deeper voice. I think that made the alien a male. The other was female, though. She had a higher-pitched voice like Shannon. That was such a funny name. Shannon. The middle was hard to say.

Shannon, I said, feeling like I was mastering it.

The two aliens were engrossed in their game. I could see they were manipulating figures on the screen. It was some form of entertainment. It didn't matter what it was. Just that I could figure out what their names were.

The female seemed to be Bitch, as the male kept saying. And the male must be Biteme. Bitch and Biteme. Such funny names. I practiced saying them. Biteme was easier than Bitch. That ending of her was so many strange sounds all grinding together. I like the soft sounds. Vowels. Those were nice.

After hours, they turned off the screen and stood up. They were done. I had started to piece together their language, but this just wasn't good enough. I needed a better way to learn it. How? There had to be some sort of computers in this house. That entertainment game had to be run off some sort of computer.

I liked computers. They made so much sense to me.

It was how I had gotten stuck in that rock. I was supposed to float through space forever and ever, but I ended up here. I oozed out from beneath the couch. It was dark down here. The stairs creaked as the aliens went up.

I reached the screen. It was large and flat. I reached with a tendril and touched against it. I could feel the hum of electronics. I spilled out over the screen. A rather primitive liquid crystal system. I spread myself over the screen, searching for any ports.

It whispered. Radio waves were coming out of it at 2.4 gigahertz. It was communicating with something. A wireless network. That was fascinating. I just had to get into this thing and see what I could learn about it. I kept spreading over it. I found exhaust ports, but I didn't want to pour into the interior just yet. There had to be actual ways to plug into it. I slid down the back and came across wires. One was clearly a power cable. 

I avoided that one.

Then I found some others. A round one that plugged into a round port then a wide and narrow one. Beside that was an empty data port. I slithered into it, the tingle of electricity jolting through me. Yes, yes, this was a data part. I could feel it working on binary. No power would be one state, power another. Then you only needed a low voltage.

I could easily produce that current. I started sending it signals, seeing what I could learn. I sank my awareness into it. The screen turned on. Data flowed. I started experimenting, playing with it, seeing what would happen.

And then I felt a change. I was moving into the program. I was reaching out to that wireless network and to something new. Something fascinating. I was reaching out for even more information. More for me to process. To learn from.

I would gain understanding. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nora Mathers

I blinked and woke up with a full bladder.

I shuddered. I had fallen asleep without using the restroom. That wasn't like me. I blinked as I realized I was naked, too. My husband was sleeping beside me. I slid out of bed, shaking my head. I was disoriented. I felt... off. Things didn't make sense to me.

I had...

Sex with my daughter. I had sex with Shannon and the futa-slime Ruru. Memories flooded back into me of the shocking bath that I had where the futa-slime had molested and fucked me to finding my daughter had grown her own futa-cock, to her dominating me and fucking me.

The last thing I remembered was blowing Ruru and gulping down all her cum then being so tired. I reached the bedroom door. I needed to put something on, but I also had to pee so badly. I bit my lip. The house was so quiet. It was the middle of the night. It was past two. 

No one was up.

I opened the door and peeked out. I didn't see any lights spilling beneath the bedroom doors. My family was asleep. Shannon, Morgan, and Kyle were all out. They would never catch me. I felt a little naughty as I darted down the hallway, my big tits heaving.

I slipped into the bathroom, the small nightlight giving me just enough illumination to find the toilet with ease. I sank on the toilet and leaned back, feeling this powerful ache down in my groin. This hardness. 

I couldn't believe I had cheated on my husband with our own daughter and a futa-slime. An alien. What had happened tonight? As I urinated, the events replayed over and over in my mind. I shook my head, shocked that I had done this. That I had...

What was this strange sensation that I was feeling?

As I finished peeing, I glanced down past my large breasts. My eyes bulged. There was a big, throbbing futa-dick thrusting out from my auburn bush. I couldn't believe that I had gained a futa-dick.

Shit, I gasped, jumping to my feet. My cock bobbed before me. It swung back and forth, this big and throbbing cock. 

I swallowed as it ached something fierce. My hand trembled as I grabbed this new appendage. My clit had turned into this big cock. I stroked up and down it, shuddering at the feeling of it in my hand. At how wild it was to pump up and down this big dick.

I bit my lip, my heart racing. This was so incredible to have. My pussy clenched as I stroked myself. I worked my hand up and down my cock. When I brushed the tip, all this ecstasy burst from it and shot down to my cunt.

My pussy clenched at that delight. 

I quivered, savoring that wonderful pleasure. I rubbed my thumb across the tip. It twitched with delight and shot bliss to my pussy. My cunt grew so hot. I shuddered, a big smile spreading on my lips. This was incredible. I couldn't believe I had this.

I smeared my precum across the crown. A shudder ran through me as I did that. There was so much of the liquid. My husband's dick didn't produce this much. It coated my palm and let me stroke with ease up and down my futa-dick.

Yes, I breathed as I stood here in the dark, my hand stroking up and down my dick.

My pussy clenched with the pleasure that shot down my cock.

My big tits quivered as I enjoyed it.

This was such a wild night. I couldn't believe that this had happened. That I had become a futa. My pussy clenched as I worked my hand faster and faster up and down my new clit-dick. I didn't know what I would tell my husband.

This might ruin my marriage, but right now I was just enjoying the bliss that it gave me. 

The tip was so much more sensitive than my clit. It held such concentrated nerve endings. All this bliss shot from it. I groaned, throwing back my head as I loved every moment of stroking myself off. I pumped my hand up and down my clit-dick.

My pussy clenched as the pressure built and built at the tip of my cock. I could feel an orgasm rising with it. This was incredible. I pumped away as fast as I could, my twat drinking in all the heat. It swelled in me as I rose towards my orgasm.

I shuddered, my big breast quivering. The heat grew in my cunt. Pressure swelled in what felt like my ovaries. Was that were my cum was building up? Both Shannon and Ruru had fired cum out of their futa-dicks. Why not mine?

The more that pressure grew, the more I had to release it.

Yes, I hissed, my hand flying up and down my girl-cock. I shuddered, throwing back my head. That's it. That's so good.

My toes flexed against the linoleum. Pussy cream trickled down my thighs. My cunt burned with the heat swelling in me. My nipples throbbed. I grabbed one with my left hand, pinching it. Lightning shot down to my clit.

The ache at the tip of my cock hit this point of no return. I couldn't stop it. My cunt clenched as my hand flew up and down my cock. I shuddered, feeling the pressure build and build. It was about to explode out of me.

I hit that peak, my hand stroking up my cock and caressing the spongy crown.

The bathroom door opened as I erupted.

I gasped out in delight as the cum exploded from my girl-dick and arched through the air to splash my youngest daughter across the t-shirt she wore. I gasped in shock as I soaked the front of the sports logo. She froze there as more and more of my mommy-cum splashed across her t-shirt, soaking her with my jizz.

Oh, my god, I moaned in alarm as I kept spurting. 

Her hand flicked on the light. It blinded me as I bucked through my orgasms. My pussy convulsed. Waves of delight rushed through my body while ecstasy slammed through me from my erupting girl-dick. The intensity was like nothing I had ever experienced.

Mom! Morgan gasped, her brassy-brown hair still gathered in her pigtails. Her fourteen-year-old face twisted in shock, her blue eyes widened as more of my futa-cum splashed across the t-shirt. What...?

She stared down at my big mommy-dick spurting a last blast of cum that splashed across her stomach. I panted, my cum soaking through the white shirt. Her skin bled through, her pink nipples poking hard against the material and as clear as day.

Holy geez, Mom! she gasped, eyes locked on my shaft with such shock in her blue eyes. You... That's... What...?

Oh, Morgan, sweetie, I'm so sorry, I whimpered, my body buzzing from the rapture. My girl-cum had soaked her little breasts. She had small, budding A-cups that looked just so delicious. I was just... I didn't hear you. You should have knocked.

You should have locked it, she gasped, staring down at the front of her chest. You just... jizzed on me with your... your... Why do you have a cock, Mom?

Shhh, I hissed. Not so loud. It's a long story.

Long story. You're like one of those futas. She stared down at my cock. 

How do you know about futas? I gasped, staring at her in shock. 

Everyone who is into Anime knows about futas, Mom, she said. I just... They're not supposed to be real. You're not supposed to be one. What is going on? And... She shuddered. It's all over me! Gross!

She grabbed the hem of her t-shirt and pulled it up and over her. I quivered as she wasn't wearing any panties. Her trimmed, brassy-brown bush came into view, the tight slit of her pussy peeking through the curls. Then her bare stomach and her small boobs coated in the cum that had soaked through. They were gleaming in my futa-jizz.

Oh, baby, I gasped, staring at her breasts covered in my spunk. Smears of it had dragged up her chest as she had pulled it off. One was even on her cheek. Let me clean you up.

I should have reached for the towel, but maybe it was the fact that I had sex with one of my daughters already tonight or that this futa-dick was driving me wild with lust because I leaned forward instead. I licked the jizz off her cheek, tasting the salty flavor of my own cum.

This wave of heat shot through me. This was such a naughty moment. My cunt clenched. I felt dizzy from what I had just done. The flavor of my spunk melted over my tongue as Morgan whimpered in shock. 

M-Mom, she stammered in surprise.

Mmm, just let me clean you all up, I moaned and ducked my head down lower. I grabbed her hips and licked at the jizz that adorned her small, budding breast.

I licked over her delicious skin. I savored the flavor of her skin and the salty delight of my cum. She trembled as I lapped again, this time going right for her nipple coated in a little bead of my pearly futa-spunk. I sucked it off her. 

I suckled on her nipple. I loved it, my mouth nibbling on her nub. She squirmed there, panting as I did something so wicked. This was so wrong. She was my daughter. My cunt clenched at the incestuous thrill of doing this with her.

Mom, my daughter whimpered, staring down at me with such shock in her eyes. This is... I mean... What about Dad...?

I popped my mouth off and winked at her. Shhh, don't you worry about your dad. My futa-cock was throbbing too much for me to be worried about that. Just enjoy what your mother does to you.

But... She trailed off as I licked up more of the cum that had soaked through to her other breast. That does feel... nice.

I licked the salty delight up to her other nipple. I suckled her into my mouth. I nibbled on her, loving the feeling of her in my mouth. My lips massaged her nub, the flavor of my girl-cum melting through my mouth. 

I suckled her entire areola into my mouth. She trembled there. My hands stroked up and down her sides. I loved the feeling of her skin in my mouth as I nursed on her. She had such a wonderful texture. My lips nibbled on her nub as I stroked her.

Mom, she groaned. Her head swayed. My innocent cutie's pigtails rubbed against her shoulders. Her eyes fluttered as she stared down at me. Her tongue licked her lips. They had such a gleam to them. This is... wild. And you have a cock. How?

I popped my mouth off her nipple and sank to my knees on the floor before her. I rubbed my cheek into her stomach, right at her bellybutton. That, I cooed, my girl-dick throbbing so hard, is a long, long story. I really don't get it myself, but... I kissed beside her navel. I can't wait to use it on you.

She gasped as I nuzzled my tongue into her bellybutton. I danced it around, loving the feeling of her. This was so wicked. It was different from Shannon. She had been in charge, but now I was the one in control with my youngest daughter.

She groaned as I swirled my tongue around in her bellybutton. A tangy aroma caught my nose. Was that her... pussy? My mouth salivated as I breathed in again. That wonderful aroma filled my nostrils. The heat swept through me. 

That was my youngest daughter's pussy. Her cunt was wet.

Mmm, did Mommy make you wet? I cooed as I kissed down her stomach to her trimmed, brassy-brown bush.

You did, Mommy, she groaned. Her body shuddered. I can't believe this is happening. You have a cock, Mom. A big dick.

A big clit-dick, I groaned. A futa-cock just waiting to make love to your cute pussy. 

My lips reached her bush. I kissed through her curls. They tickled my face as I went lower and lower. She groaned as I reached her twat. I kissed my daughter's precious pussy, tasting her tangy flavor. This incestuous rush shot through me.

She gasped as I licked at her. My tongue stroked through her folds. My hands gripped her sides as I stroked through all these naughty bits of my daughter. She just tasted so wonderful. I fluttered my tongue up and down her twat, stroking her flesh. I gathered her cream. I licked it all up.

She whimpered, her hips rotating from side to side. She worked her cunt against my mouth. Her moans echoed through the bathroom. I parted her folds and brushed over her hymen. I caressed my daughter's maidenhead.

This was so hot. She was a virgin. I was going to pop a cherry tonight.

I was such a wicked mother.

She tasted divine. I kept licking her pussy lips, gathering that tangy flavor. I savored every moment of feasting on her. I couldn't wait to make her cum. Her juices ran down my chin as she grew wetter and wetter.

Her small breasts rose and fell as she whimpered. My tongue danced around in her twat. I licked and lapped at her delicious snatch. I stroked over her clit. I loved the feeling of her bud against my tongue. I sealed my lips around her clit and suckled.

Mom! she gasped.

Her eyes were so wide as she stared at me. This wicked heat shot through me as I  nursed on her bud. My hands gripped her hips as I suckled on her. I wanted to make her cum. I wanted her to drown me in her passion.

That's so good, she whimpered. Better than when I masturbate, Mommy!

I loved hearing my daughter moan, Mommy! as I ate out her pussy. This wicked thrill built in the depths of my cunt, this ache to cum again with my futa-dick. My ovaries had to be brimming with more jizz. I couldn't wait to spurt my jizz into my daughter's cunt.

I nibbled on her clit. I polished her little pearl with my lips. My tongue. Her hot and tangy pussy cream ran hot down my chin. The flavor suffused my mouth. I loved that so much as I swirled my tongue around her cute bud.

Mom! she gasped, her eyes widening. That's so good. I... I... Yes!

She clamped her hand over her mouth, muffling her moans as she came. Her tangy pussy cream gushed out of her virgin pussy. I drank my daughter's wonderful passion. I guzzled it down like the wicked mother that I was.

She bucked, her furry muff grinding over my face as her pleasure shot through her. My futa-cock burned to just ram into her cunt. To fuck her hard. But I held back. I had to make this special for her. I couldn't pop her cherry in here.

I had to take her cherry in her own bedroom. 

She trembled through her orgasms. My tongue licked across my daughter's pussy. I gathered up the juices as she panted. I pulled my face away from her and rose, my futa-cock thrusting between her thighs and pressing against her wet bush.

Do you want your naughty mommy to take your virginity? I asked, my hands cupping her face. 

She stared at me, her eyes wide. She swallowed. It was clear that the moment had arrived. That she was ready for it. Morgan nodded, licking her lips. 

I kissed her with my lips soaked in her tangy pussy cream. She groaned as I thrust my tongue into her mouth. She kissed me back with such passion, her thighs clamping around my dick thrust between them. The fourteen-year-old cutie kissed me with such passion.

She broke the kiss and moaned, I want to, Mommy. I want to make love to you. This is so crazy. That futa-cock... It just... I've never been so turned on. I don't care that you're my mother. I just want you to be my first.

I smiled at her and kissed her again. It was so wonderful. Her furry bush rubbed against my shaft, soaking me in her juices. I wanted to bury in her cunt. I would be in her in moments. This was it. I was so ready to take her hard. I was eager to just bury to the hilt in her.

She broke the kiss, her eyes wide. She reached behind her and grabbed the doorknob. She twisted it and opened the door behind her. She pulled it open then darted out of it naked. My daughter flitted down the hall, her cute rump wiggling.

I followed after her, naked and uncaring.

We passed Shannon's and Kyle's room to reach Morgan's. A disaster with clothes strewn everywhere. The girl would clean her room and five minutes later it looked like a whirlwind had swept through here. 

A cool breeze ruffled her curtains and washed over my naked body. I closed the door as she fell on her bed, a few of her stuffed animals around her. She was such a delight. Just fourteen. I was about to violate her with my mommy-cock. Take my daughter's virginity.

This was so wrong. Such a forbidden delight with the rest of the family asleep.

I sauntered to her, my futa-cock bobbing before me. She stared at it with these hot and hungry eyes. She smacked her lips, clearly wanting to have a wild time with me. My dick ached so much. She spread her legs wide, her bush dripping with pussy cream.

I climbed onto the bed, my big tits swaying beneath me. She grabbed my soft tits. She squeezed them. I gasped as she did that. Her fingers dug into my boobs. They felt so wild. I loved that. She licked her lips, staring up at me with this heat in her eyes.

I'm so ready, Mommy! I'm so ready to be your good girl.

I'm so glad to hear that, honey, I purred and kissed her.

I planted my mouth on her lips. I kissed her with hunger. She shuddered beneath me. It was so wild to have her shuddering beneath me. It was a fantastic delight to thrust my tongue into her mouth as my futa-cock grazed her bush.

I settled my weight on her body. My breasts pressed into her sticky chest. I kissed her as my cock nuzzled through her bush to rub on her hot cuntlips. I pressed into her as we kissed. She wrapped her arms and legs around my body as I pushed her tight slit apart to find her hymen.

My daughter's precious virginity. I was ready to take it like the naughty mother I was.

I pushed against her maidenhead. I felt it stretch and stretch before the crown of my sensitive dick. Her cherry tore.

I popped into the warm, wet depths of her pussy.

She squealed into my lips and squirmed beneath me as my futa-dick sank into her deflowered depths. Her hot and silky flesh squeezed about me. It was just an amazing delight to feel squeezed about my cock as I went further and further into her.

Then I was all the way in my daughter. I had reached all the way into her. It was this wicked delight, sending this wave of heat through my body. My cock throbbed in her cunt as it nuzzled all the way to her cervix and rested there.

I broke the kiss, staring into Morgan's blue eyes. Mmm, how is that?

Mom, she groaned, her twat clamping down on my cock. Ooh, Mom, that is amazing. You're so deep in me. You're just filling me up.

Good. I rubbed my nose into hers. Just enjoy. It's the first time for us both.

Really? Morgan shuddered beneath me as she stared up at me. This is your first time... with your new futa-cock?

I just woke up with it, I told her. That last blowjob I gave Ruru. I got so sleepy after it. I just knew that the alien was behind this. And now... I get to make love to you.

I drew back my hips. She gasped, her twat clamping down on my dick in such an exciting way. She massaged my cock with her silky sheath, especially the tip. I thrust back into her. I buried to the hilt in her cunt, slamming to the hilt in her snatch.

She squeezed that wondrous pussy around me as I pumped away at her. The bed creaked. She whimpered and moaned as I thrust into her. I kissed at her neck. I smooched at her as I pumped away at her pussy. I loved the feeling of her around me.

This was so glorious to savor. I pumped away harder. Faster. I buried into her twat again and again. I plowed to the hilt in her cunt. I loved every second of it. She gasped, squeezing her twat around my dick on my every pull back.

Mommy, she whimpered. Oh, that's amazing. Yes, yes, I love this so much. Ooh, you're driving that big dick into me. You're making me feel so incredible.

Are you going to cum on Mommy's big dick? I asked.

She nodded, her eyes so wide. I am, Mommy.

I grinned at her and kissed her again. Her lips melted on mine. Her tongue thrust into my mouth. We kissed as I pumped away at her. My pussy drank in the wondrous heat of her flesh around me. I clenched down on her, enjoying every second of burying into her.

Her hands slid down my back. She grabbed my ass. She held me tight as I drove my cock hard and deep into her cunt. I fucked her with such force. I plowed to the hilt in her again and again. I loved every second of being in her.

The ache swelled at the tip of my cock.

Heat melted down my shaft to my pussy. 

My ovaries drank in the passion, swelling in pressure.

I drove my futa-cock to the hilt in her again and again. I loved every moment of it. I plowed hard into her twat. I slammed deep into her snatch. I reveled in the rapture of fucking her. I pounded her hard and fast. I savored every second of thrusting my cock into her twat. 

My daughter squeezed about me, massaging me. She moaned into the kiss, her body shuddering beneath mine. She dug her fingers into my rump. The incestuous thrill of fucking my daughter with my new dick swept through me. It was outstanding.

Oh, yes, yes, Mommy, Morgan moaned, breaking our kiss. Oh, that's so good. Ooh, you're driving that dick so hard into my pussy.

I winked at her as I slammed my dick to the hilt in her. I just want to feel my little girl cumming on my dick.

You will, Mommy! Her fingers dug into my ass, pulling on me.

Her pussy grew hotter around my cock. I savored the pleasure of her massaging grip. She brought me closer and closer to cumming. I whimpered, my ovaries brimming with that need to erupt while my cock ached. I slammed into her.

She gasped, her eyes widening. Mommy!

Her pussy convulsed around my dick. Her cunt spasmed and writhed. This wonderful heat swept through my body. Her cunt suckled at me as I drew back. My eyes widened. This sensation was new and invigorating.

I slammed my cock to the hilt in my little girl and exploded.

I pumped blast after blast of spunk into her twat. I flooded her pussy with powerful spurts. The jizz fired out of me. Stars exploded across my mind as I pumped her cunt full of my cum. The pleasure shot through me as I unloaded my mommy-seed into her snatch.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned as I pumped her cunt full of all my cum. Oh, Morgan!

Mommy! she groaned, her cunt convulsing and spasming around my dick. Ooh, that's so good.

I kissed her as the dual delights surged through me. My pussy rippled, flooding me with bliss while my cock erupted and fired all this ecstasy through me. The intense bliss of cumming with my girl-cock. I savored every second of it. 

The stars danced in my eyes as I enjoyed this bliss. It was exciting. My daughter milked out every last drop of cum that remained in my ovaries. I trembled on her, panting. My nipples brushed into hers as she whimpered. 

That was amazing, Mommy, she groaned, staring up at me. Wow, I want to do that again!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shannon Mathers

I blinked awake with the need to pee.

I groaned and glanced at the time. It was so late. And there was no Ruru back in my bed. She hadn't slipped in while I was sleeping to cuddling. It was strange that she had me feeling this way. I had just met her.

Maybe because that was all the sex or the fact she made me into a futa. I could feel my clit aching to grow again, but I didn't let it. I just rolled out of bed, half in a daze, and stumbled across my bedroom floor in the dark.

I opened the door naked. I did this from time to time. Go to the bathroom naked. Sometimes I imagined Mom or Morgan catching me naked then wicked things would happen. It added this naughty excitement.

Of course, I had done things with Mom. I had crossed that incestuous line with her. I had fucked her with my girl-dick.

And she would wake up with a futa-cock of her own. I wondered how she would react to that? I yawned as I headed to the bathroom. I stepped on a wet cloth. It was sticky. I grimaced and lifted my foot to see one of my sister's jerseys on the ground. I picked it up and wrinkled my nose.

What the fuck? I muttered. I didn't want to know what was on this thing. My foot felt so soiled. I turned and headed to her doorway. I would drop it before there and let her find it in the morning. She was such a slob. 

I reached her door and dropped it there. I was about to go to the bathroom when I heard Morgan moan in a low and throaty voice, That was amazing, Mommy. Wow, I want to do that again!

I froze. 

Mmm, you want to feel your naughty mommy fuck your tight, young pussy again?

My clit-dick swelled to its full erection. Mom had realized she had her new cock, and it was Morgan that she went and fucked. Not me? Anger swelled in me that my little sister got to try our mother's big and throbbing dick.

Sorry Raquel, I thought to my girlfriend. I was fully cheating on her now. No helping it. I'll make it up with my futa-dick.

I grabbed the doorknob as mom purred, Maybe I should lick it cle

There was Mom sliding off of Morgan, my little sister on her back, her petite body painted in silvery highlights. A breeze blew through her open window, ruffling her curls. Mom's big tits swung to the right, her eyes widening.

Shannon, she gasped.

N-no, squeaked my little sister as I closed the door behind me and let my futa-dick grow.

Mmm, maybe you should lick her pussy clean of all that mommy-cum you fired into her cunt? I demanded as my clit blossomed. It thrust out before me. This big and naughty dick that was growing thicker and longer. And what about me, Mommy? When are you going to fuck me with that big dick?

W-what is going on? asked Morgan. Shannon, you're a futa, too.

I see Mom did tell you about how I fucked her like a slut before she went to bed, I purred. Mmm, I enjoyed her body. And now I want to lick her cum out of your pussy. Maybe while our naughty mommy gives me a taste of her big dick.

Sure! Morgan said brightly and sat up. She sat up and leaned against her pile of pillows, reclined there ready to be feasted upon.

Like a pillow queen in need of a dyke to eat her out.

Well, I was a dyke, and she had a pussy that I just wanted to devour. My little sister's pussy. Ooh, this would be so wicked. I sauntered across the room, my clit-dick bobbing before me. I was so eager for this. So ready to devour her cunt. 

Mommy had this wicked smile on her lips as she sat back, her cock soaked in Morgan's pussy cream. This was such a wild night. All three Mathers women getting wild together. Pity Ruru vanished. She could make Morgan into one of us, too. 

I crawled between my baby sister's thighs and buried my face into her brassy bush dripping with Mom's salty cum. I shuddered and licked at her hot flesh, tasting her tangy pussy and all that wonderful futa-jizz. She gasped as I did that, her eyes widening.

I winked at my little sister. I was a dyke who knew how to eat pussy. The fact it was dripping with Mom's cum only made this hotter. I licked again and again, stroking up my sister's tight slit together up all that spunk that spilled out of her.

She tasted so good mixed with Mom's salty jizz. I loved the flavors. I thrust my tongue into her, scooping out more of the cum as Mom moved in behind me. She pressed her clit-dick not into my pussy, but into my butt-crack.

Soaked in Morgan's cream, Mom was going for my asshole. She found it quickly, purring, Mmm, I bet this will be a fun treat.

Go for it, Mom, I moaned, pussy cream running down my hard cock. It throbbed with my excitement. I wanted to have that big dick ram into me.

She thrust against my asshole. It was amazing to feel her cock drilling against my anal ring. That big mommy-dick stretched and stretched out my sphincter as I licked out her spunk from Morgan's yummy pussy. A hot shiver ran through me, my futa-rod throbbing beneath me. 

Mom popped into my bowels. I groaned at the feeling of her sinking into my anal sheath. She gripped my hips, holding so tight to me as she went deeper and deeper into my asshole. I squeezed around her, the heat melting to my cunt. My ovaries were brimming with cum. I loved this so much. 

Morgan moaned, humping her pussy against my mouth, her bush rubbing on my cheeks. More and more salty cum spilled into my mouth, mixed with her tangy pussy. Mom fucked my asshole. She pounded me hard, buggering me.

Yes, yes, lick all of Mommy's cum from your sister's pussy! moaned Mom as she hammered me. Get her nice and clean.

Yes, yes, lick it all up! gasped Morgan. She squeezed her thighs around my head, holding me to her.

I thrust my tongue deep into her, licking up every drop of cum I could find. I scooped it out as Mom's dick pumped away at my bowels. The heat melted to my pussy. My cunt grew hotter and hotter as she fucked me. She pounded me so hard. She buried that big dick into me. It was amazing.

My orgasm built and built as she fucked me. My ovaries drank in the heat melting out of my bowels. My tongue found the last of Mom's cum. I scooped it out of her. I loved that last bit of jizz soaked in my little sister's pussy.

I licked at her. I feasted on her. I wanted to make her cum. I wanted to have her just explode with passion. My tongue thrust into her pussy and wiggled around, stroking her wall. Then I flicked out and licked at her tight slit.

I brushed her clit.

Shannon! she moaned. Oh, Shannon, that's so good. Make me cum!

Make your little sister cum! Mom hissed as she hammered my bowels. Make her explode!

Yes, Mommy! I squealed.

Mom fucked me so hard with her big dick. She rammed that cock into my bowels. I savored that delight, my asshole clenching down hard on her thrusting futa-rod. That thick shaft reamed me out and brought me closer and closer to cumming.

My tongue flew up and down my little sister's slit. I lapped at her. I caressed her with my tongue. This was so wild. I loved this so much. The heat melted through me. I whimpered, hurtling towards my orgasm. 

That's it! whimpered Morgan as my tongue fluttered up and down her slit, gathering up her tangy delight.

Mom slammed her futa-dick into my asshole as I licked at my baby sister's pussy. My tongue fluttered up to her clit. I nibbled on her bud. I suckled on her. She gasped, her back arching and small breasts quivering. She tossed her head.

Shannon! squealed my little sister. Yes!

A flood of her tangy juices gushed out of her pussy. The passion washed over my mouth. The delight poured into me as our mom rammed her girl-dick into my asshole. I squeezed my bowels around her, the heat melting to my pussy. The ache grew at the tip of my cock.

Oh, Mom! I moaned into my little sister's cumming pussy. That's... That's...

Her cock drew back, the friction setting a fire in my pussy. My cunt convulsed as my ovaries erupted. Hot cum jetted out of my futa-dick and splashed the bed as the orgasmic flames burned through my body. 

Oh, fuck! I moaned, my asshole spasming around my mother's futa-dick.

You're cumming on mommy's big dick! squealed the MILF as she slammed her girl-cock to the hilt in my bowels. Yes!

She pumped spurt after spurt of cum into my bowels. It was incredible to feel her basting me with all that girl-spunk while I drank my sister's pussy juices. Morgan shuddered, her body bucking and squirming. Tangy delight spilled over my mouth. She tasted so good.

My pleasure fired from my futa-dick and rippled from my cunt. The dual raptures burned across my mind. I trembled, licking up pussy juices as my bowels milked my futa-mother's big dick. I worked it all out of her, shuddering in delight. 

Oh, my god, I whimpered as my orgasm hurtled towards that peak.

Ooh, Mommy, your boobs are bouncing as you cum in Shannon's asshole! Morgan purred.

I'm just dumping all my mommy-cum into her asshole! Mom groaned as I milked her dry.

I fired a last blast of cum. It was amazing. I savored every moment of it. My eyes squeezed shut. I loved this bliss. I savored it. My pussy convulsed one last time, sending such waves of rapture through my body.

Wow, Mom panted, her dick throbbing in my asshole. Ooh, my daughters are such wicked things who just love their mother's dick.

Yes, we do, Mommy! gasped Morgan. And how can I get one?

I lifted my face and sighed. I'm not sure you can. The futa-slime's gone missing. I don't know where Ruru has wandered off to. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ruru

I knew all about their language. English. I could speak it fairly well now. I wasn't sure why the third female angel was named Bitch but I liked that the male was named Biteme. I climbed the stairs and reached the second floor.

There was a shirt on the ground that was covered in futa-cum. I heard moans from that door. It sounded like all three of the females were in their having fun. I wanted to join them, but I learned about something amazing.

Transgender. This species liked changing their gender, but they had to do it with crude means. I could turn both of the males in this house into women with genetic modification. I just needed a sample. I would have to have sex with a male.

But that was okay. I was certain he would enjoy it. 

I reached the door at the end of the hall. The second female, Mrs. Mathers, scent came from here along with the male. That must be her mate. It would be good to turn him into a female. Then into a futa. It was a two-step process.

I opened the door and crept inside. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lieutenant Elaine Seabrook

I stared at the fragment of stone. Something had come to earth. Something from outside the solar system, if the nerds from tracking were to believe. This wasn't the mission I thought it would be when I joined the new United States Space Force, but...

Something had fallen to earth that came from outside the solar system. And there as just fragments of a shell around here. It was like something had burst here and been released. My stomach clenched. What was going on?

I grabbed my smartphone and opened my encrypted communication app. I had something to report. This might be Space Force's first-ever mission. 

To be continued...
