Vicky yawned as she carried her last file to her assistants desk. Although one of the youngest marketing executives in her firm, with only four years on the job, she was one of the most respected, because of the dedication to her work.
"All set to go home?" Chris, the covering assistant, asked her.
"Yes," she quipped. "I need some sleep. These sixteens they have me doing are killing me. I never get to see Jake anymore."
"Awe," Chris said, as he traced a pretend tear from his eye to his cheek.
Vicky handed the last bit of paperwork to Chris. "All yours," she said in a sultry seductive voice, her smile bright and menacing.
Chris laughed as he watched Vicky walk away and she enjoyed knowing he was. At 5'3 and 125 lbs with an hourglass figure and pear shaped ass Victoria, Vicky to her friends, was a sight to behold. She knew most of the men on the floor wanted to see her naked, to touch her body, to taste her flesh, and it added to her prowess.
She could see all the men turn their heads to get a better look at her ass, half hard cocks stretching out the thin fabric of their suit pants.She would often pull her long brunette hair out of her bun as she strode the halls and let it fall tousled and messy. Her confidence always boosted when she felt their eyes on her. It was the main reason her wardrobe consisted of tight pencil skirts and business dresses she had tailored to show off her ass-ets.
Vicky was excited as she passed the revolving door of the Manhattan office building, but was not looking forward to the long drive home. She loved that her husband had talked her into moving to Long Island, but she didn't like the commute from the city. She did, however, like that she got to drive her new Lexus truck. It was a present from Jake when she got her new position, and salary, at the hospital. He even had the wood trim of the interior custom burned with the phrase "Baddest Bitch".
She loved how powerful and sexy this vehicle made her feel, and how she loved to get it out on the open roads and let her foot slowly sink the accelerator pedal to the floor. Sometimes she would get so caught up in her driving she would almost miss her exit on the parkway. This day as she pulled into her driveway, she barely remembered the drive home. Grabbing her purse and work bag, she got out of her car and walked into her house, it was early still and she didn't think Jake would be up. After all, he did sleep in on Saturday mornings.
She heard some light giggling and rumbling coming from their master bedroom. Curious, she slowly ascended the floating staircase she had specially ordered. She had a thing for unusual and ornate touches on their house. As she hit the top of the stairs she heard it again, followed by a man's moan. Quietly, she strode the hallway, and pushed through the partially open bedroom doors. Passed the bathroom and walk in closets and there it was before her.
What caught her attention first was not the woman on top of Jake. It was her back, the shape of her shoulders; rounded and soft, yet strong, and the sheets. That comforter they got for their housewarming wrapped around her waist creating a stark contrast between the bright white fabric and her honey skin. This was furthered by Jakes pale Irish hands holding firm onto her waist, guiding her up and down on him. Afternoon light was cascading down on them through the French doors behind the bed, her toned body casting a shadow down on Jakes torso like a sundial.
They were so caught up in the ecstasy, Vicky entered the room unnoticed. Standing in the corridor between the master bathroom and their walk in closet, Vicky watched. She peered on as the woman's hands lingered on Jakes chest to help her grind back and forth on him. One hand over his right peck, the other over his heart; Vicky's favorite spot to lay as they cuddled, even from when they were young. Jake's head arched back in ecstasy as the woman draped herself back onto his body and his arms lifted up to embrace her. Strong, pale hands delicately tracing the curve of her spine, the tiny hairs standing at attention from his caress. Vicky watched and thought to herself how beautiful their lovemaking seemed. How delicate and sensual, soft and perfect.
Just then, Jake reached his hands to the woman's sides and tickled her.
"Tee hee." She wiggled as she sat back up. Jake smiled and laughed, the woman responded by pressing herself down hard, grinding in Jake's lap. Jake again tickled her sides.
"Tee hee hee," she exclaimed again. "Stop that!" she demanded of him.
"Ok, ok," he said, as a devilish grin swept his face, and once again he tickled her sides.
The woman again cried out, "Tee hee hee hee." She grabbed both his hands, and pinned them above his head, once again leaning close to him. Her curly blonde hair covered his face and fell atop his light brown hair. "You're going to pay for that mister," she whispered to him in a lustfully pouty voice. She kissed him long and slow, moaning and breathing into his mouth.
"Mmmm," Jake whispered. "I hope so..."
Vicky, finally having enough voyeurism, lifted her bag and dropped it to the floor with a thud. Slightly startled, Jake looked past the woman on him to Vicky. He winked and smiled at her.
"Hey baby how was your day?"
With that, the woman on top of him turned, too. "Hey Vicky," she said smiling. "Jake's misbehaving."
Vicky untied her trench coat and opened the front, letting it fall off her shoulders and onto the floor. Sauntering over to the pair she leaned down, kissing Jake intently, then lifting up she leaned in and grabbing Emma by her chin, kissed her just as slowly.
"That looks like fun," Vicky said walking away, letting her hand slide down Emma's chin, and glide down her neck, to her chest and finally off her body.
Vicky again sauntered away, stripping herself down as she walked, dropping her clothing to the floor in a seductive come hither fashion. Emma turned to watch her, leaving a trail as she walked from the bed to the shower. Leaving her heels on till the end showing off her shapely legs and pushing her ass out to the sky. Vicky turned the light on in the shower, it was Vicky and Jake's favorite feature of the room, It was all glass on three sides, and the view from the bed was as clear as day. As she turned on the hot water and stepped into the shower, Jake started to watch her.
After being together for over 10 years and married for 5, Jake still loved her body. He watched her rinse the day off her tired form as Emma continued to grind her groin into his lap and squeezed his erection tightly in her folds. She lifted herself up and smiled at Jake. Prancing on tiptoe like a thief, she ran to the shower and got in behind Vicky. Jake watched her smaller 5'0 115 lbs frame move, and her ass cheeks jiggle as she ran highlighting her bikini shaped tan lines, her dirty blonde, naturally curly hair bouncing. Jake sighed contentedly as he watched her touch Vicky's small A cup tits, kiss her neck, and rub her small hands all over the other woman's body.
He continued to watch as Emma lovingly washed Vicky's hair and lathered her body, carefully cleaning every inch. Jake remarked to himself how their tanned skin tones matched near perfectly. As Emma turned Vicky around and began to kiss her, Jake thought to himself how glad he was he sprung for the fog free glass. As the women's groping hands began to grow more feverish, Jake reached a hand down and grabbed his cock. He was an average guy, a little over 6 inches with a nice girth that both women seemed to enjoy. He thought it fit his frame well, too. At 5'9'' and 185 lbs lean muscle mass, he wouldn't want to be bigger or he might never get anal.
He ran his hand the length of his shaft a few times as he looked on as the women continued their groping session. Emma kissed down Vicky's torso, dropping to her knees. Teasing her older friend playfully, Emma buried her face deep into Vicky's pussy, licking and slurping. Vicky braced herself with a hand on the glass and one on the grab rail Jake had installed. He picked up his stroking speed for a quick second before realizing he was very close to exploding; stopping his stroking allowing himself to cool off. Emma's hands were grabbing onto Vicky's ass, pulling her close, trying her hardest to get more of her delicious nectar into her mouth.
Positioning herself under Vicky, she had a better angle to reach her left hand up, to rub and probe at Vicky's delicate back door. Vicky's head leaned back as her eyes closed, the warm water of the rainfall shower-head sprinkling her makeup clad face. As Emma turned her attention to Vickys engorged clit and moistening pussy, she let her fingers continue to rub and press on her soft anal opening. Vicky grabbed the back of Emma's head with her right hand, her left still holding firm to the shower wall grip. Emma felt Vicky's clit swell slightly and her hand motioned her head to lick up and down, a sure signal Vicky was close. She popped her pointer finger past the delicate sphincter, adding the gentle fingering of her ass to her purposeful tongue massage.
Emma moaned almost as loudly as Vicky cried out when she orgasmed, the waves of pleasure Emma's small mouth was giving her sending ripples through her abdomen, her breasts heaving up and down with her heavy breathing. Giggling Emma stood and embraced Vicky again, swiping her index finger down her nose and giving her an Eskimo kiss she turned, stepping out of the shower and running back over to the bed with Jake.
Crawling from the foot of the bed towards him she paused. Taking his cock in her hand and studying it like a piece of art, she slowly slid her tongue up his shaft. Jake's head leaned far back and he let out a loud moan.
"Ooooh, fuuuck," he said, as she started to combine slow strokes with her full-shaft licks, flicking the head with her tongue, and using both hands to stroke him slowly. "Mmmm, easy," Jake groaned. "I'm close."
"You going to blow on my face?" Emma asked with a pout and a smirk.
"Is that what you want?" Jake asked.
"Mmmmhmmm," she said, nodding her head before quickly taking him back into her soft wet mouth. Bobbing her head up and down, Jake placed his head on the curly mass that was her hair, guiding her motions on him.
"Do you want to fuck my mouth?" Emma asked, pulling him from her mouth, holding her left hand on the base of his shaft, the right hand stroking his dick head hard.
"No, you're doing great," Jake replied.
"Then stop moving my head for me and let me get you off my way," Emma told Jake, taking his head back into her mouth and locking eyes with him.
Jake looked around Emma's ass, pointing straight up in the air in his favorite doggy-style position. Her knees were far apart, her hips open and waiting. He liked this position because it dropped her ass lower, showing the jiggle her round ass gave when a pelvis was being slapped against it.
Vicky was walking towards them donning "Max." Max was the name for the pair's favorite strap on, at 8" long and 2 ¾" in diameter. Max was a big boy, girthy and thick, with bulging veins. It was jet black and shiny, a worrisome sight for more novice pussies. Vicky positioned herself behind Emma as she adjusted the last strap on the black leather harness that kept Max in place. Lining up the head with her small, tight, already wet pussy, Vicky pressed max in an inch, feeling the resistance. She wished she had a cock, so she could feel Emma's tight folds opening like a rose blooms. Wanting all of Max inside her, Vicky quickly thrust the entirety of him deep into her.
Emma's back arched up and she bit down on Jakes cock slightly as she dealt with the new sensations. She immediately felt the fullness, the pressure of Max deep within her, stretching her tiny hole while his rubber head pressed firmly on her cervix, trying to enter her womb. Vicky grabbed Emma's hips as she slowly withdrew max, almost to the tip, and slammed him back in with a thud of her pelvis against Emma's small ass.
She took Jakes cock from her mouth, and laid her head down to the side as Vicky's thrusting continued slapping her pelvis into Emma's ass cheeks, her eyes opened less and less widely with each thrust and she quickly got accustomed to the size within her, stretching her out. "Don't forget Jake, keep sucking that dick, be nice to it or I won't let you borrow it anymore" Vicky instructed Emma, "be a good girl".
Emma, nodded and continued to suck Jake, Jake and Vicky locked eyes, I love you Jake mouthed to Vicky, I know she mouthed back. "Cum on her face baby" Vicky told Jake, "let me see that load" Jake felt his balls fill and his load build,
"I'm gonna cum"
Emma pulled his cock from her mouth just as the first spurt shot out making his cock jerk up uncontrollably, the stream of cum shooting far, landing on the top of her head and all down the left side of her pretty face, the second one following quickly behind, hitting her forehead just above her brow; the last few spurts rather unremarkable spurting just above her open mouth, dripping back in and falling on her tongue. Vickly slowly withdrew max as Jake Laid there spent.
"Go get cleaned up Vicky instructed Emma with an approving pat on her ass. As Vicky laid down in Jake's arms the pair watched Emma showering. Vickly looked up at Jake and kissed him softly, "I'm glad you went for the fog free glass" she said with a sigh.
As Emma turned off the water to the shower Vicky laid in Jake's arms, he moved the comforter to cover both their naked bodies. Emma exited the shower and put on a long white t shirt that fell just below her round ass cheeks. Drying her hair she approached the couple with a smile on her face, "you guys hungry" Emma asked them, "I was going to make us some dinner."
"Sure" Vicky Replied, "I can eat".
As she turned to leave the room, Vicky and Jakes eyes met again. Jake leaned in and kissed Vicky slowly, lovingly. She returned his kiss, and met it with her hands on his face and the back of his neck pulling him in deeper. As their mouths broke the embrace Jake moved his attention to her soft neck, softly licking and sucking on her left side, moving his way down to her shoulder. Repositioning Vicky moved under Jake and he lifted himself up to her side.
Moving the covers away to expose her bare torso, he started to lovingly, expertly show his wife's body the attention it deserved; kissing his way down her chest, grabbing her small tits in his hands, listening for her moan as he took a nipple in his mouth. Nibbling lightly, while massaging the other in his finger tips, applying light suction as he flicked the tip with his tongue, removing his mouth he continued his kissing, licking and sucking decent, down her chest, past her navel, to her pussy, still covered by Max and the harness.
Kissing down her legs to her knees Jake undid the straps and placed max to the side on the bed. Grabbing both her legs he positioned his face right on top of her waiting mound, and paused a second to take this all in, after all this time her scent was still intoxicating to him. His cock grew as her natural odors tantalized his senses, he took mental pictures of her perfect pussy, with its puffy outer lips and small inner lips, he recalled how before they were dating, back when they were still just friends, he had accurately described her pussy to her.
Remembering where he was he shook himself out of his memory, and leaned down, running his tongue the length of her still wet slit, he looked up to watch her back arch, and her right arm curve into her body right by her ear as it always did while he was pleasuring her. He continued to lick the entire length of her pussy, stopping in between licks to kiss and suck on her puffy lips. Reaching his left hand up, he slowly inserted a finger into her hot, wet pussy, and began to thrust with his licks. As he did this he focused his attention more to her clit, flicking his tongue hard against it, lapping away at it. Switching thrusting hands, he reached his left hand up and around her body to move her clit hood out of his way, while he plunged two fingers deep into her pussy. "ahhhhh" she cried as his pace quickened and her body began to feel the full effects of his assault on her pussy.
Still thrusting his two fingers in her wanting slit, he moved his attention lower, lifting her body slowly so he could lick and tease her pink asshole. He licked around and heard her breathing quicken, and her moans grown louder, when he got it wet enough her moved his eager mouth back to her swollen clit and with his pinky started to slide into her tight asshole. Vicky grabbed Jakes head with both hands as all the sensations he was giving her overwhelmed her, she moved his head up and down feverishly trying to coax her orgasm which had been building for what seemed like ever.
As Jake started to thrust with his two fingers and his pinky he felt her spasms, he hips bucked, her hands pushed his head down into her slit, and she began to scream "FUUUCCCCCKKKKKK" her voice getting higher as her orgasm rattled her body. "Yes yes yes yes" she moaned as she started to move Jakes head again, Sitting up, he continued to thrust his fingers into her wanting holes. Pulling them out, he quickly plunged his cock deep into her. Vicky's eyes opened wide and she let out a gasp as her arms wrapped around him and her orgasm continued, "Oh yes" she cried out "Fuck it baby, Fuck it, ohhhhhh Fuck MEEEEEEEE OOOOOOOOOO.
The waves of her climax hitting her over and over, "why does this feel so good?" Jake kept slamming into her hard, fast, pulling his cock almost all the way out of her before forcing it back in. Slamming her hard, he grabbed both of her hips and guided her pussy to meet his thrusts. She was so wet, and her warm slit felt so good around his cock, he couldn't help himself. "uh huh, that's right" Vicky said "Give me that cum, give me it all, blow deep in that pussy". Hearing her cries for it Jake hurried his pounding, and with a deep thrust unleashed his warm cum in deep inside Vicky.
As Jake caught his breath and came back to his senses, he looked deep into Vicky's eyes, "I really love you Vicky" He said is a low growl.
"I love you babe" she replied.
"Wanna go see what Emma is up to?" he asked.
"Sure, let me clean up first, you got me all dirty again" with that Vicky got up and walked to the shower again, "go on down, I'll be there in a few".
Jake stood up and pulled on his boxer briefs, as Vicky watched from the shower, she liked looking at his form, he was always a sexy guy, at 5'10 he weighed a hefty 195 lbs and he was lean, with a tight sharp V torso, six pack abs and broad shoulders he got many a look from other women, and Vicky loved that he was all hers. Jake kissed the glass door of the shower as he passed and left.
Jake walked down the elaborate staircase in the couple's home, Vicky had a thing for staircases, so theirs had to be reminiscent of an old grand mansion, but in a 6 bedroom colonial. Jake plopped himself down at one of the stools at the kitchen island as Emma cut tomatoes in front of him. He stared at Emma, lovingly doting on him and his wife, his bright blue eyes were stern and fierce, he looked at her but not just at her, it was more than that, he looked almost through her, to her wants, her desires, her needs, he saw who she was, behind her confidence, behind her makeup, behind the face she showed the world.
He saw her, it still frightened her, looking up Emma locked eyes with him and quickly looked away, brushed her hair back over her left ear and said, "I thought I told you not to look at me like that?"
"Like what" Jake said with a firm stone jaw.
"Like that" Emma quipped, "stop" putting both her hands up to shield her from his gaze. Jake reached into the salad bowl and grabbed some of the carrots Emma had chopped earlier, popping one into his mouth he continued his standoff.  
Vicky walked into the room with her hair up in a towel, wearing her favorite lazy day shorts, that were loose in the crotch, she loved that Jake could push them to one side and get easy access, and her favorite tank. She kissed Jake on his left temple as she passed, "heard another round of good fucking", Emma said to Vicky, shooting a wink to Jake."
"Mmmmm yea it was" Vicky answered kissing Emma the same way and patting her butt. "I think he's still leaking out of me."
"I get to clean it up later" Emma exclaimed with a wide-eyed smile.
Vicky sat down next to Jake on the island and rested her head on his shoulder, seeing the pair like they were reminded Emma of the first time she met them.