Our Embarrassing Honeymoon Story
by sleek1 ©

The following story in 100% true:

On our honeymoon, my wife and I were was quite the exhibitionists. My wife 
is 5'4" 100 lbs with a tight very sexy body. My wife is typically very 
conservative. We were in Bermuda, which is also rather conservative. Since 
it was our honeymoon my wife decided to let loose and be wild. She wore 
thongs and very tiny bikinis to the beach. We were staying at the Marriott 
and had to travel on a small truck to get to the hotel's beach. The truck 
had bench seats in the back that made for a close and comfy ride for all 
involved. 

One day my wife and I were really horny and started to fool around while 
at the beach. She was wearing a sexy little thong that drove me nuts. We 
moved to the far end of the beach and were about 75 yards away from the 
rest of the crowd. We ended up having sex on the beach in plain view of 
everyone during the middle of the afternoon. We really got excited by the 
people looking our way watching us. Luckily I lasted a long time (probably 
30-45 minutes). It was about 1 PM in the afternoon when we finished our 
sexual escapes. We decided to leave about 2 PM and headed for the truck 
for a ride back to the hotel. A lot of other couples decided to leave at 
the same time, so the truck was full. The whole ride back to the hotel, 
most of the passengers kept smiling at us. We heard a few giggles as well. 
Finally, an older lady blurted out in an English accent, I wish I still 
had a body like you two and had a husband willing to please me that long. 
Everyone started roaring in laughter. Someone patted me on the back! 

We got back to the hotel and made dinner reservations for 5 PM. In the 
elevator ride up to the room, my wife starts playing me. I know she is an 
exhibitionist so I dare her to walk naked to the room. She didn't 
disappoint! She slipped off her short dress and the 2 piece thong bikini 
and strutted down the hall completely naked past a family coming the other 
way. I was amazed at what use to be my conservative wife. I just smiled at 
the father who turned and watched her continue to our door and wait for me 
to open it. I was pitching a huge tent. The guy's wife and his daughters 
yelled at him to get going. Poor guy!

In the room I fucked my wife silly for about an hour. Those were the days! 


THIS IS THE EMBARASSING PART FOR MY WIFE

After fucking her for awhile in several different positions and cumming 
twice, I decided to breakout a new sex toy that I had brought along. I 
pulled out 2 medium sized ben-wa balls that were tied together by a 
string. I loved them. They made a very metallic clanging sound when the 
hit each other. I slowly pushed them into her pussy. For the next hour she 
bound around the hotel room naked to feel the balls moving her pussy. She 
loved them too! We lost track of time and really had to hurry to be ready 
in time for dinner. My wife put on a very cute little sun dress with no 
underwear. 

We had to run to catch the bus for the trip to the main town. I never even 
thought twice about the toys in my wife's pussy. Luckily we made it to the 
bus. It was really crowded so we had to stand in the aisle. Once the bus 
started moving, she lean up to my ear and whispered that she really needed 
to cum, but was really worried because it felt like our short-run had 
cause the ben-wa balls to begin sliding out of her pussy, I asked her what 
she wanted me to do. We were tightly packed on the bus and people were 
innocently bumping into us as the bus jostled down the road. I looked down 
into my wife's eyes. She had a look of pure passion crossed with 
desperation. She buried her face into my chest and started to Orgasm. I 
could feel her body slightly shudder as it washed over her.

Suddenly the bus lunged forward and came to a stop. It was now completely 
quiet on the bus as the locals were tired from a long day of work and the 
tourists were quiet trying to hear the driver say what the next stop would 
be. During this calmness my wife was still shuddering from her orgasm. She 
became suddenly still. Then everyone around us heard a clanging noise as 
the ben-wa balls slipped out of my wife's slick pussy and fell to the 
floor. We all looked to the floor, except for my wife who buried her face 
further into my chest. She gripped me tighter as another wave of orgasm 
washed over her caused by her total embarrassment

As the bus started moving again the ben-wa balls clanged even louder as 
they started to roll. A young boy reached down not knowing and picked them 
up and politely handed them to me saying, "Sir, I think you dropped 
these." I thanked him and quickly tucked them into the camera case.

What a fond memory for us of our honeymoon. 

 
