Some Sort of a Hero 3:  Dynamo's Mission
By Mannheim Knot

>>>>>


MC, supers, mf, mF, anal, non-sexual violence

>>>>>


Clay lets Dinah take Mindwalker out on one of Dynamo's missions. Amidst the chaos, something unforeseen happens between them.

>>>>>


LATE NOVEMBER, 2000

Dynamo waited two days to catch Mindwalker alone.  She never got the chance.  He must have become more aggressive in how he was handling his mother, because she'd let the chick in the Mustang sleep over at his house the last couple nights.  Dynamo finally figured she'd waited long enough.  She leapt up to his bedroom window about ten minutes after the house got dark.  She could see in the dark well enough to know exactly what was going on.  The high school chick was bent over the computer desk, and the boy behind her was hammering her in the ass.  The busty dark-haired girl was wailing in a combination of pain and ecstasy, so the boy never had a chance to hear the heroine land on his window sill.  Dynamo opened her mouth to call his name.

"Dynamo!" he said without looking up from his brutal anal fucking of the girl.  "Come on in!"

"Window," she said, averting her eyes.

"Just kick it in.  As you can see, I have my hands full."  He reached up and grabbed the wailing girl by her full breasts.

"Got in himmel, Clay!  Show a little class, please!"

"I suppose," he grumbled to Dynamo.  "Stay right there, bitch," he said to the other girl.  "Sleep."  He reached down and grabbed a pair of sweatpants and pulled them on.

Dynamo waited at the window.  Kicking down doors and crashing through windows was what she did at the bad guys' secret lairs.  Despite the way he was acting, she felt like Clayton Teller was more of a scared, angry little boy than he was a sociopath.  Clay opened the window and Dynamo landed on the floor without a sound.  He wondered how someone with her incredible durability and power could be so damned light.  He also wondered how she got away with wearing only her singlet on a night that had dropped below freezing.  "You look like you only weigh a hundred pounds. That's what the girls in my class weigh, but they don't drop three feet without making a sound."

"I absorb the impact into my body," she said.  "Either that or these are magical pixie boots.  I don't know how my power works half the time."

"Me neither."

She looked at the naked girl sleeping on his desk.  "Not your beloved Becky?" she asked, fairly certain of the answer.

"No.  This is Melanie, a truly horrible person.  We have some mutual self-interests."  He looked at Dynamo for a moment. She couldn't take her eyes off the helpless girl spread eagled over the desk. "None of your business," he said.

"If you're raping girls, it's damned well going to be my business, Clay."

He sighed.  "She signed on when she figured out what I could do.  She's queen of all things at her high school now, and I get to do all the dirty things I want and not feel bad about doing them to a nice person.  She knew that was the deal.  She's pretty happy with it so far."

"That's just fucked up," Dinah said.  "Clay, I have to ask this, and then we can move on.  Have you ever used your power to force a girl to...?"

"No.  Not really."

"Not really?" she asked.

"This is SO none of your business, but I'm going to indulge you since you're the closest thing to a person who could understand any of this.  I did amp up Becky's trust of me the first time.  But I didn't make her do anything.  Still, it wasn't fair to do that to someone I really cared about, and when I admitted to it, she dumped me.  Other than that, Melanie is the only one I've ever fucked.  I play with her a little bit, jacking up how horny she gets and how much pleasure she feels from it.  But like I said, she knew what I was and agreed to be my bitch in exchange for a boost in her popularity."

"What are you going to do with her when you're tired of her?"

"Kick her to the curb.  There are no real feelings between us, and she's gotten what she wanted out of it."

"Like I said, Clay.  That's fucked up."

"Whatever," he rolled his eyes and sat on the bed.  He started to reach for the handcuffs he'd left there, thinking he should hide them.  But there really was no way he was going to sneak them past Dynamo.  He picked them up and began to play with them, figuring a brazen display of nonchalance was his next best option.

"So, you dump her pretty soon and then what?  You find another girl like this?"

"No.  I'm kind of tired of treating a girl like this.  It was fun at first, just to do it.  Now... well, she's a skank, and that's losing its charm.  I think I'll just play the field and find some cute girls and do some fun stuff."

"Clay, that sounds like you're just going to use your powers to get whatever girls you want."

"Not really."

"Your two favorite words these days," she said sadly.

"Well, I will use my powers, but not in the way you think I will.  I kind of have it figured out.  You see, all I have to do is push the notion that I am really hot and make a girl feel horny when I'm talking to her.  Then, if she's the type to want to do something about that, she'll let me know."

"That's cheating!"

"Bullshit.  Look, when you're just Dinah you've still got a totally slamming bod, right?"

"Clay!"

"Come on... you're making me admit to all kinds of shit tonight.  You be honest."

"Okay.  I'm kind of a hot girl."

"There you go.  Now, this is Lake City.  Everybody goes to the beach.  What do you wear?"

"I see where you're going, Clay."

"Humor me."

"I wear a cute little bikini."

"Because...?"

"Because I look damned good in it and guys can't help but stare."

"So you show them you're really hot and make them horny.  I'm not doing anything different.  Observe."  He looked into her eyes.  

Dinah felt a flush pass over her.  Soon, she began to strongly desire the boy that stood in front of her.  He probably wasn't pushing very hard, but she'd always found him inappropriately attractive.  That didn't mean she'd ever actually DO anything with him.  But right now... damn! She just wanted to throw him down and fuck him.  "Knock it off, Clay!" she snapped when her brain caught up to her raging body.

"See?  Perfect case in point.  I affected you the same way I will the other girls, but since you have reasons you don't want to fuck me, you didn't act on your desire.  I mean all your life you've probably had guys that turned you on, but you didn't automatically sleep with them.  You only slept with the ones that you really liked."

"Something like that," she said softly.  She couldn't meet his gaze for some reason.

"Holy shit!" he said with a little laugh.  "Dynamo's a virgin!"

Her face grew almost as crimson as her red sequined singlet.  "Well, my life doesn't really cater to romance and relationships!" she snapped.  It hurt her to think of that.  There was something more to the story, but she didn't want to share that with him.  He might feel sorry for her if he knew that part, and she really didn't want to look like a loser in front of a boy whom she rather liked even when he was being an aggravating little snot.  She gave him another true, but not all-telling part of her reasoning.  "Besides I'm a nice girl in all the ways my very traditional Jewish grandmother would approve of.  I don't do hook-ups."

"That's your choice, Dynamo.  And it seems like it makes sense for the life you've chosen to lead.  But I'm not a hero.  I'm just a guy, and I'm an atheist, so no religious hang-ups."

"My best friend is an atheist, and gay as can be.  But she still has moral views on sex and relationships.  You don't seem to have any."

"I do!" he said, seeming genuinely wounded.  But then he continued as if she hadn't hurt him at all.  He twirled the handcuffs around on his finger. "My morals are just different from yours.  I wouldn't do the same thing with Becky that I did a year-and-a-half ago.  I would handle her totally different.  I'm not even going to talk about Mel anymore.  You know what that is.  As for other girls, like I said.  I just turn them on.  They make the final decision from there.  I never have, and I never will, completely take the power of choice away from a girl."

"That'd better be true," she said.

"Yes, Ma'am, Dynamo," he quipped and gave her a little salute.  It didn't go as smoothly as he'd hoped.  He'd just banged himself in the eyebrow with the cuffs.  He tried not to let her see that it hurt.  He saw her grin slightly, but she didn't make a comment.  "Anything else?" he asked.

Dinah could hear the resentment toward her in his voice.  She knew why it was there.  She was coming across like her really religious aunt, always trying to get people to go to Temple more often, and to be very exact in how they followed the Torah.  Dinah had always kind of figured her aunt might be right, but it was bothersome to get pushed that hard to do the right things all the time.  Bothersome or not, Dinah had to push Clay some more anyway.  There was too much at stake.  She braced herself for the smart-ass comments and displays of bravado he'd make in response to her attempt to sway his thinking.  "Only about a thousand other things I'd like to talk to you about Clay.  Here's the big one.  Tomorrow night, the cops are going to bust a smuggling ring.  They are going to get there and find themselves horribly outgunned.  The new police commissioner has decided that I'm an unauthorized civilian, and he doesn't want my help.  He won't even listen to my warnings about how big time these guys are and what kind of firepower they are going to have.  I'm going to have to disobey his orders and help out or some good cops are going to die for nothing."

"Sorry.  The old commissioner treated you right, didn't he?"

"Yeah, he really did," she said quietly.  "But he wouldn't listen to me about diet and exercise.  He's recovering from the stroke, but he's never going to be able to work again."

"He was your friend, huh?"

"Yes, he was Clay.  I spent a lot of time with him, and I think he was one of the few people who really understood what it's like to be me.  I could use another friend like that, even if he is a fucked-up perverted thirteen-year-old."

"I really like you, too, Dinah.  And not just because you're hot.  You really are hot, though."

She chuckled softly and smiled.  He wasn't trying to upset her now.  He was just being kind of a tease.  She could live with that.  When he dropped his edge a bit, he was kind of charming in a horny adolescent way. "Anyway, there is another option.  I could protect you and discretely get you into position to take the bad guys out before the cops bust in.  You made the guys who attacked me fall asleep.  Do that again.  When the cops find all these unconscious bad guys sitting around with rocket launchers and assault rifles, the commish is going to understand that he needs to take my intel seriously."

"I'm not a hero, Dinah."

"Yes you are, but don't even think like that.  This won't be heroic.  They'll never even see you.  Cops will probably think there was a gas leak that knocked them out or something."

"And what will you ask me to do next week?" he asked.

"Nothing!  This is a one-time thing... unless you decide you like it."  She smiled and batted her eyes at him.

"Ahhhh!  You're doing it!" he cried and pointed at her.

"What?" she said, feigning that she was feigning innocence.

"Using the hot bod and that perfect smile and those big blue eyes to get me to do what you want."

"How's it working?" she asked and licked her lips.

"Pretty damned well," he admitted.

"Look, you can give up--" she gestured at Melanie, "--this for one night and give my lifestyle a try."

"It'll cost you," he said.

"Cost me what?"

"One very sweet and innocent kiss, completely tongue and hands free."

She sighed heavily.  He was non-stop horny, but there was something so much brighter and decent about his mood and his approach than there had been five minutes ago.  She couldn't help but like him again now that he had let his angry attitude fall away.  She gave him the kiss.  Dinah started to feel herself flush again.  She was even starting to feel a bit turned on.  The little shit!  "Clayton!" she snapped.

"What?" he said, obviously stunned by her reaction.

"I'm--I'm sorry," she said.  "I brushed against the nightstand, and I thought you put your hand on my ass!"

"Dinah, I have a world class crush on you, but I completely respect you.  Even when I'm pissed at you, I still think you're awesome."

"Yeah, I was being stupid," she said.

"If I ever touch your incredible ass, I'll be sure to have your permission.  You could break me like a matchstick."

"I would never hurt you, sweetie," she said.  "There is an angel inside you just fighting to make its way into the world.  I'm gonna be your friend until that happens, and then I'm gonna be your friend for a long time after."  She stepped to the window and slid between the pane and the frame.

"Surprised you made it through there with those perky little breasts of yours," he whispered in a voice no human should have been able to hear.

"I heard that," she said shaking her head but smiling.  "Meet me at the Long Street newsstand by Pier Seven at 10 PM tomorrow," she said.  "'night Clay."  She dropped the twenty feet to the frost-covered lawn without making a sound.  She began to jog away.

"God, what a sweet ass," he whispered.

"I heard that, too!" she called.

"I know," he whispered.  He wasn't quite sure, but he thought he heard her laughing as she kicked into her actual running speed and disappeared from view in an instant.  He turned to Melanie.  "Wake up, Mels," he said.  "Get dressed."

"Wha--wha?  Clay was Dynamo here?"

"No, you passed out again, Melanie.  Must have been dreaming."

"Oh.  It seemed so real.  I'm sorry, Clay.  I didn't mean to pass out on you.  Sometimes the pleasure just gets so intense that I can't handle it.  I feel okay now.  Want to finish?"

"No, honey.  I think it's time you should go home."

"But you fixed it with my parents.  They don't mind if I stay, and you know I like waking up with you.  Wait a minute!  You called me by my name, and then you called me honey!"

"I meant to show you a little respect.  This thing, what we're doing.  It's all over.  I'm not going to treat you like a bitch anymore."

"You're dumping me?"

"Not really," he said, and then laughed at himself.  He did say that a lot lately, didn't he?  "You and I aren't really a couple, so I can't dump you.  I'm just ending the arrangement."

Melanie looked at him like she was the one with mental powers and she was going to kill him on the spot.  Then, she did something Clay did not expect.  She broke down sobbing.  "I'm too much of a bitch, right?  I've been trying to change lately, Clay, really I have!"  She sank into the desk chair.

"You kind of have," he admitted after thinking about it.  "You are a little better."

"But I still disgust you, right?"

"No.  The two of us together disgust me.  We've been feeding each other's worst instincts."

"We'll work it out, Clay!  I don't want to lose you!"

All this was completely taking Clay by surprise.  He should have sensed her feelings changing, but he didn't.  Come to think of it, he had been completely ignoring everything she felt or said for about the last month or so.  "Do you really want to be nicer?" he asked.

"You know I can't lie to you!"

"That's true.  Stay sitting right there."  

Melanie trembled and gripped the arms of the chair.  She knew he was going to work on her mind.  "Don't make me a complete wimp," she whispered.

"Don't think I could if I tried."  He took a deep breath and tried to think of exactly how to word such an important command.  "Be nicer to people, in general," he said in the end.  It really kind of was that simple.  It left her wiggle room to defend herself in her sometimes vicious circle of friends, but it made her basically predisposed to kindness.

"That's it?" she asked.

"Yep.  When we get to school on Monday, we'll tell everyone you broke up with me because you just weren't ready for anything long term with anyone.  Still good friends, no reason for anybody to take sides... blah, blah, blah."

She still cried to know it was ending.  Would that make her friends realize he had ended it?  No, things like that happened all the time.  Girls could initiate the break-up and still cry over it.  But she looked up at him in gratitude.  "You'll go along with that?  I broke up with you?"

"Sure, Melanie.  Think of it this way.  If you really are nicer to people, I'll be glad to be your friend.  And we haven't really had that before, have we?"

"God, Clay.  I got so wrapped up with you even when I kind of thought you were the devil.  Now, there's this angel starting to peek through, and I'm losing you.  Are you sure we couldn't...?"

"No, Mels.  There's some things here I think we're both better off leaving behind us.  Oh, speaking of which... I remove any unnatural horniness for me from you."

Melanie sighed.  That pressure that had been inside her for so long was gone.  Then she looked at him, the shirtless thirteen-year-old boy.  "I'd still do you, Clay.  In a heartbeat."

"If it wasn't for everything else, Mel... me too.  God, you have a rack on you, sweetie."

"Where the hell did I leave my clothes?" she asked and finally started to get dressed.  When it was all done, he walked her to the car and kissed her goodnight and goodbye.  She drove the Mustang down the same street Dynamo had just taken.  It took the car a good deal longer to disappear.

When Clay walked into the house, Rae was standing in the hall outside her door.  "Was Dynamo here?" she asked.  "I thought I heard her voice."

"Yes, she was, Mom."

"Are you in trouble?"

"No, not at all.  She wants me to help her with something."

"Nothing dangerous, right?"

"Shouldn't be, and she'll be there with me."

"Okay.  Did Melanie leave?"

"Yes.  She and I are done."

Rae smiled.  "Oh, thank God!  I know I've promised you I won't interfere in your love life, and I won't.  If you're anything like I was at thirteen, you wouldn't have let me anyway.  I try not to judge, but I have to tell you, son.  I simply did not like that girl."

"Neither did I for the longest time.  She's trying to change, and she can't do that with me around.  We started out all wrong.  We'd fall back into it."

Rae nodded.  "Your father and I were terrible for one another, too.  He had a way of playing these head games with me.  At times I liked it, even though I knew it was bad for me.  Then... well, he hit the road as soon as he found out I was pregnant.  It was the best thing for you, I think.  No child should have been raised in a house where we acted like we did.  I even moved from Cleveland to Lake City for a fresh start."  Her eyes misted up a little bit.  "Clay, I did alright by you, didn't I?"

"I couldn't have been raised by a better person, Mom.  You've been amazing!"

She smiled, but she still looked a little sad.  "Clay, I know you have a good heart.  Just make sure you use it a little more."  She crossed to him and held him.  He was quite a bit taller than her now.  That really wasn't a surprise.  About all Clay remembered people telling him about his dad was that he was really tall.  Six-foot-six from what his Clay's Grandma Krebs had told him.  Clay held his mom close.  He hadn't done that in a while.

"Mom, something happened with Dynamo tonight, and I wanted to talk to you about it."

"Go ahead, honey," she said, leading him to her room and sitting him in her favorite reading chair as she sat on the edge of her bed.

"I was really, really angry at everyone after Becky left me.  And I was really mad at myself for making it happen.  That's what led to a lot of the stuff with Melanie.  But when I was with Dynamo, I stopped being angry.  She doesn't like the way I can be with girls sometimes, but she didn't act like I was a total creep once she understood it a little more."

"If I was going to trust anyone's judgment on what it's like to learn how to use special abilities, I guess it would be hers," Rae said with a nod.

"But Mom, then she smiled at me... and I've only ever felt that way when Becky smiled at me.  Am I in love with Dynamo?"

"Son, every decent boy is going to be a little in love with Dynamo.  She's the Girl Wonder, after all.  But I don't think you're in real love with her, not like it was with Becky.  You're probably just... smitten."

"Smitten?"

"Too old-fashioned a word?"

"No, Mom.  I think it's perfect.  Thanks."  He stood and kissed her on the head.  "I'm pretty smitten with you, too, Mom.  Not in a creepy way, though."

"Good, because with what your brain could do....  I'm smitten with you, too, little boy.  But, you know, not in a creepy way."  They both smiled.

"So then, you won't mind that I invited my computer teacher Mr. Danes over for dinner Wednesday?"

"What?"

"You haven't been on a date in like three years.  Mr. Danes got divorced around then.  I asked him over to check the audio system on the home theatre.  It doesn't sound quite right, and Danes used to work soundboard for New Kids on the Block."

"New Kids, really?" she gasped.  "He KNOWS them?"

"Keep Hangin' Tough, Mom.  So, anyway, Danes'll help me with that and then you'll serve him some dinner as payment.  I'm not going to pull anything shady, but I am going to put the two of you in the same room together with your incredible lasagna and a bottle of wine."

"He really KNOWS them?" she asked again.

"Yeah, Mom.  He really does."  Clay chuckled and headed upstairs.  He'd been meaning to do something like this for her for a while, but somehow all his own bullshit had gotten in the way.  Clay went upstairs and brushed his teeth.  He got another Soul Flash.  It was almost completely his own reflection, even though some of it looked like it was hanging onto his anger.  But one side of his head bore a long beautiful lock of blonde hair.  Melanie was gone, but there was just a little bit of Dynamo there now.

+ + +
Things at the Pier started out just like Dynamo had planned them, but they went south in a hurry.  Right before Clay was about to do his whole Mindwalker routine, the new police commissioner walked into the warehouse. Here it was, an hour before the raid, and the new top cop was huddling with the bad guys.  Dynamo gasped and then told Clay who the new player was.  "Then he goes down with the rest of them," Clay whispered.  He'd already managed to figure out where every single one of the bad guys was lurking.  He stood up and began to focus so that he could give all of them the sleep command at the same time.

Then, Clay staggered and fell back on his ass.  "Clay?" Dynamo whispered and crouched over him with concern in her eyes.

"One of them..." he croaked.  "...like me."

"Let's pull out.  I can still warn the cops off of this."

"No.  I just wasn't ready for him.  Can you keep the rest of them busy?  I think I can take this guy."

"Clay, I don't want to put you in any danger!"

"Dinah," he said and grinned, "It's the price of being some sort of a hero, right?  Go get the rest of `em."

The next minute was pure chaos, and Clay never could clearly remember the things he heard and saw where Dynamo and the gang she was taking down were concerned.  All his focus was on a tall, thin blond man, Clay's opposite number.  Clay knew he was the stronger.  But he felt like a big, clumsy redneck fighting a slippery little martial arts expert.  Clay's superior strength would win out if he managed to just get a good hold on the bastard.  But the blond man was skilled, and he had obviously fought this way before.  Every command Clay pushed was deflected or dodged somehow, and if he pushed too hard, it felt like he was off balance and his opponent could use it against him.

Those off-balance moments were when the stinging blows to Clay's mind landed.  They hurt like hell, but they couldn't stop him.  Like the big brute he imagined himself being, he could absorb a hell of a lot of punishment.  As long as he could be tough enough, he could win out in the end.  And he had reason to be tough.  Dynamo was out there, dodging bullets and landing powerful blows.  She was in some danger, but she could handle the gunmen.  But if Clay fucked this up....  She couldn't handle the blond.

Dynamo was almost done, only two gunmen left.  She concentrated on them, because their weapons were still lethal to her, but at the same time she knew that somewhere in this warehouse were a man and a boy who were both far more dangerous and lethal than either her or the thugs with the assault rifles.  To her relief, she saw that the two remaining gunmen had made a critical error.  They had gone for the rocket launchers.  These were more dangerous to the outgunned cops, but they were actually far easier for her to handle.  They were big, clumsy weapons, and in short bursts, she was actually faster than the rockets, especially when they were first starting out.  She pinballed her way toward them, bouncing off the walls and the cargo containers.  There was no way they could draw a bead on her.

The first thug went down with a very satisfying thump.  Dynamo loved to use the two-foot stomp on guys like this.  It was actually a great deal less likely to cripple or kill them than one of her kicks or punches.  Plus, there was that glorious thump.  She moved quickly toward the final henchman.  He had launched his rocket, but it was behind her already, heading toward the spot where she had slowed for a second so as not to kill the first man.  The rocket wouldn't do the man the same courtesy, but Dynamo didn't count his death as being any of her doing.  She had neither fired nor altered the shot.

Dynamo landed next to the second punk at the same instant the explosion behind her rocked the building.  She wrapped an arm around his midsection and squeezed across his diaphragm, holding it to stop his breath.  He soon slumped over, unconscious.  Squeezing off a man's air only put him out for a few seconds, but like so many others who had been caught this way, he would wake up hogtied by his own belt and bootlaces.  It was sort of a Dynamo trademark.  

That left only one enemy, and much to her dismay, the blond with the big bad brain was still on his feet.  Dynamo thought he might be distracted enough that she could just zip in and knock him cold.  But as she started to launch forward, she felt a strong grip on her feet.  It was remarkably strong, because it was her own.  She thought for a moment that the blond had frozen her in place, but then she knew it wasn't him.  Clay was protecting her, keeping her out of their deadly arena!

Clay had shifted into full-out Mindwalker mode now, and Mindwalker was a tough son-of-a-bitch.  He had figured out a painful but effective way to overcome his opponent.  Like the big brawler who comes in with his arms over his face and keeps moving forward until he corners his opponent, Mindwalker moved in and absorbed shot after shot from the blond.  It hurt like hell, but as long as he focused, none of the shots were really hitting him hard enough to injure his psyche.  Mindwalker was going to close in and smother this son of a bitch.  But then, he caught a glimpse of red.  Dynamo couldn't put herself at risk with this guy.  Plain old Clay returned for a moment and broke focus to freeze her.  One of the blond man's mental shots got through and sent Clay reeling, but it didn't put him down for long.  He became Mindwalker again and turned back to the fight with a snarl.  His mind lashed out like a cornered animal.  That was when he realized that whatever part of Mindwalker's brain had been stunned by the blond man must have been in charge of regulating how much power the hero was using.

The vicious psychic blow Mindwalker launched was completely out of his control.  It sent the blond spinning in a circle, and then he stopped in place for a second before going straight down on his face.  Especially with the man's blond hair, the fall eerily resembled the patented Ric Flair Flop.  Dynamo raced over to the incapacitated man.  "He's still alive, but I think he had a stroke," she called.  Clay didn't answer, so she leapt from the floor of the warehouse up to the catwalk where Clay was sitting in stunned silence.  "Clay!" she called and shook him.  "Sweetie, you okay?"  Suddenly, she felt an incredibly hot flush pass through her body.  Then, her loins felt like they were on fire.

Clay looked up at her. His eyes were wild and desperate.  "Run!" he hissed.  "Dinah, run!"

She understood now.  He had been struck by something that had made him lose control.  But it was too late.  His feelings for her, and his desire to have her return those feelings were seizing control of her mind.  And then there was one more thing, the thing she had learned from his kiss the night before.  She wouldn't have acted on it, of course, but she did feel a strange attraction to this boy.  She was losing control, and she couldn't let that happen.  She hadn't told Clay the truth about why she was still a virgin.  She WAS old-fashioned. That was true.  But truthfully, Dinah had never taken a lover because she had always feared what her body might do to a boy.  "Clay!" she whispered, barely able to speak as her breath got ragged.  "Get away, sweetie!  I can't stop."

Clay's trembling hands were tearing at the crotch of her singlet, then.  But he just wasn't strong enough to rip it open.  He didn't need to.  Dinah stripped the entire garment off in less than a second.  It took no longer for her to open his belt and pants so that she could slide them to his knees.  She sank to her back and pulled him on top of her.  She wanted so badly to stop herself, but she had no defense against what was happening.  Maybe, just maybe, she could have slipped away from his control if it wasn't for the fact that this boy had always gotten to her just a little bit more than any other ever really had.  With her mind now laid as bare as her body, she had to admit that she had been harboring some romantic feelings for Clayton.  Her nervous hand guided him to the spot she had thought no man would ever enter.  No man should have been allowed there, because all this was far too dangerous.

Dinah felt Clay push past her outer lips.  Oh God, it felt so damned good!  Clay was wild, now.  He had no concerns about hurting her.  How could he?  He drove himself forward, but he stopped short.  Again, he drove into her, but he barely got past the opening.  "I can't bust your fucking cherry!" he growled.

Dinah hadn't even thought of that.  She had intended it never to be broken.  It would always remain the way it was.  No one had ever quite figured out why the Dynamo Rose had the little hole in it.  She had designed the Rose at age thirteen when she had decided she must forever remain a virgin.  The entire flower represented her virgin seal.  She had learned in health class that there was a small hole in a typical girl's hymen.  Her hole was meant to stay that small forever.  But her world had gone mad.  Her desires were out of her control.  She pulled Clay off of her for a moment and jammed two of her fingers into her sex.  The tissue tore open.  "Take me now, Clay!" she whispered urgently.

He crawled back between her legs and let her guide him to the spot once again.  This time, he plunged into her with no difficulty.  He began driving his full length into her over and over.  Dinah felt many things in the moment.  Shame, passion, physical pleasure, and sheer emotional ecstasy.  She had thought that the price God had exacted in exchange for her wonderful abilities had been eternal chastity.  But she wasn't hurting Clay!  This poor desperate boy was taking nothing but pleasure from her body.  Dinah's joy and belief in the kindness of God had never been greater.

Clay had never felt a physical sensation like this.  True, he had only ever been with two girls before, and only Becky had been special.  But he knew that what was happening to him wasn't normal.  Dinah's sex was doing things that no other girl's was ever going to do to him.  It moved to him.  It caressed him.  It was like it was blessed with the ability to behave like a dozen nimble tongues.  But it was so much stronger than that!  She was tighter than even the beautiful little sixth grade classmate with whom he had lost his virginity.  But even with all the strength, it was soft, like the inside of a girl was supposed to be.

Dinah had no idea that her body would be so responsive.  She was twenty now, old enough to know what was supposed to happen even if she hadn't experienced it herself.  She was doing things that she knew other girls couldn't do.  And by God, if sex had felt this incredible for the other girls they had certainly withheld that little bit of information from her in their late-night dorm room talks.

Clay was now feeling more than just the pure animal lust that had overtaken him.  He truly cared for the beautiful girl beneath him.  It had been so long since he'd felt that way.  He began to search for kisses and to stroke her blonde hair.  He gently pulled her mask away so that he could see all of her beautiful face.  He was loving her now, even if he was still doing it pretty damned hard.

Dinah felt the change in him.  He was no longer pushing his lust into her mind like before.  He was still pushing into her without self-control, but he was pushing adoration into her, maybe even love.  She really hadn't let herself fall in love before.  She wasn't sure if this was it or not.  Whatever it was, it filled her to the brim with warmth and a satisfaction far more profound and meaningful than the wild physical thrills of a few minutes ago.  Those physical thrills were still there.  There could be no doubt about that, but this... this was taking it to an entirely new level.

Clayton felt a pressure in his brain.  For a second, he froze.  It was like the time when he'd dislocated a knuckle in a football game and his never-squeamish-about-these-things Mom had popped it back into place for him.  It hurt for a second, but it felt so much better after it was done.  Whatever had been dislodged and caused him to lose control had slipped back into place.  He realized what he had done to Dynamo.  It still felt so good, but he had to stop.  He carefully pulled back all the controls from her mind.  "I'm so sorry," he said, fighting back the urge to sob.

"Oh, sweetie," Dinah said softly.  "Thank you for taking the control out of my mind."  She kissed him on the lips.  "But now that we started....  Make love to me, Clay.  I still want to finish making love."

Clay did cry for a second then, but he had buried his head alongside hers.  So, he hoped she didn't know he was shedding tears of joy and relief.  Still, he knew she could probably hear the drops falling softly to the floor.  But then again, he was pretty sure he felt some tears from her eyes trickling down onto his shoulder.  He loved her with all his heart and every bit of his body, then.  And he could now focus clearly enough to sense her pleasure and her emotions.  Clay continued doing the most beautiful thing he had ever done.

Dinah knew this was an impossible love.  He was just a boy.  But it didn't matter in that moment, because she believed that no grown man could ever give her such a pure and wonderful feeling.  Absolutely nothing felt wrong, and so many things felt right.  Men's bodies had never felt hard to her before.  Nothing they would do could cause her pain.  But the part of Clay that was inside her felt like iron.  God had been so kind.  He had made her exterior hard enough to withstand tremendous shocks, but he made her interior sensitive enough to be thrilled by the hardness of a boy.  And, oh, how it thrilled her!

Clayton could not hold back any longer.  Her body was giving him pleasures of which he had never dreamt, and he was reaching his end.  The walls of her sex massaged him, squeezed him, and finally opened him.  He had never felt his load rush forth like this before.  It jetted out of him and into her so much faster than it had ever done.  And there was so much of it!  It almost hurt, but that's the way great pleasure worked sometimes.  He gasped and fought for air for a few seconds.  Then, her incredible body's seemingly magical power revived him.  The movement inside her had never stopped, and it had brought him back to life far faster than any blowjob ever had.

"If you want to do more, Clay, go ahead.  I'm so close, and I love the way you take me hard."

"Do you think I could ever stop wanting you?" he whispered.  He felt like he was almost as much a superhuman as she was in that moment.  His body was so turned on that he didn't feel tired at all.

Dinah felt the pressure building inside her.  She had climaxed to her fingers before, but this was coming from so much deeper inside her.  It was like a tumult of water rolling down a mile long spillway.  It was going to have some tremendous power built up before it burst free.  She had no idea how accurate her mind's metaphor would prove.  At the moment of her ecstatic release, fluids poured out of her.  She had heard of women having gushers or squirting.  She had never been that way at her own hand, but this was so very much different.  She washed Clayton's shaft with warm juices, and it sprayed onto his belly.

"Your body is incredible!" he exclaimed.  He had paused for a second to watch the last of her climax, but he quickly resumed.  His passion for her was not yet spent, and there was no way he had worn her out.  There was so much pleasure they could still give one another.

Dinah's climax was the first of three she had in the next few minutes.  She seemed to be incredibly responsive to this type of pleasure, and she didn't tire at all.  She could peak over and over.  The second climax and the third weren't quite as dramatic as the first had been, but she still chalked them up as the second and third most amazing things she had ever felt.  Then, Clayton flooded her insides with his seed again.  It seemed like it warmed every fiber of her.  This time, she gently coaxed him out of her.  He'd be willing to go again, but she feared he had been through too much on this night.  "Get dressed, honey.  I hear the sirens.  The cops were supposed to stay away for a while yet, but I think someone in the harbor might have heard that rocket explode."

"Dinah, I want to hold you."

"You will, baby.  After all this I want to wake up in your arms in the morning.  I'll be at your house as soon as I can, okay?"

He stood and pulled up his pants.  They had been in such a hurry to start that he hadn't undressed beyond that.  "Are you going to tell them about Mindwalker?" he asked.

"I have to explain it," she said as she slipped back into her costume with movements so quick that Clay couldn't even follow them.  "I think the new commissioner was being controlled, don't you?"

"Probably.  If he was conscious I could make him tell me."

"I'll set up an interview.  We're going to have to get you a disguise, though."

"Shit!" he said with a grin.  "One night, and you've turned me into a costumed hero already."

"Yeah," she said. "But look what I had to do to accomplish that feat."  He opened his mouth to speak.  She didn't let him.  "Don't you dare apologize, Clay."  He just nodded.  Then he kissed her and started to go.

"How the hell am I getting home?" he suddenly stopped and asked.

"Can you drive?"

"Hell, yeah.  I drove Melanie's Mustang all over the place."

"That's not all of Melanie's you drove, Clay."  She smiled to let him know she was just teasing.  "You already have the keys to the DynaRider in your coat pocket.  I don't have any pockets in this thing."

"You need a utility belt.  And you call your `95 Mazda the DynaRider?"

"I can't afford two cars, and I can't exactly park some supercar on campus.  Not that I can afford a supercar anyway.  I only brought the car tonight because of you, anyway.  Now get out of here!"  She kissed him again and he turned to go.  "Sweet ass!" she said softly behind him.

"I heard that," he said.

"I know," she whispered.  He didn't hear that.

+ + +
Dinah wasn't surprised that Clay was already asleep when she got in at 4 A.M.  He woke up enough to kiss her and take her into his arms.  She had been as quiet as she could be, and that was ridiculously quiet.  But the boy could always sense her presence.  "I think I love you," he said groggily.  "Or at least I'm really smitten."

"Smitten?" she said as he spooned against her back and went to sleep.  "That's a cool fucking word!  I think I'm about as smit as a girl can get."

Dinah slept for three hours.  That was about twice what she usually slept.  It had been a hell of a night.  It was still only seven A.M.  Clay was out like a light.  Dinah decided to sneak downstairs and get a coffee.  She could be in and out pretty quick, and she hadn't heard Clay's mom stirring around.  She put on one of Clay's football jerseys.  It was oversized to accommodate his pads, and that made it plenty long for her to wear as a girlfriend nightie.  She was actually quite a bit smaller than Clay these days.

Dinah was glad to see that the timer on the coffeepot had kicked in and made a fresh batch already this morning.  She filled a mug and opened the fridge to look for some milk.  She closed the fridge when she heard a floorboard squeak.  Clay's mom had been up the whole time!  Dinah thought about ducking out, but the woman was practically in the door and might catch a glimpse of Dinah traveling at Dynamo speed.  She took a deep breath and prepared to face the music.

When Rae saw Dinah, she dropped the mug of hot coffee in her hand.  Dinah looked and calculated that the mug was going to hit the woman's foot, probably break her toe.  Her incomparable reflexes kicked in and she acted.  She caught the mug and handed it to the stunned mom.

"Good Lord!" Rae gasped.  "You're Dynamo!"

"Yes, ma'am," she said, turning red.  "Dinah, ma'am.  Dinah Rosen."

"You're wearing Clay's football jersey."

"Yes, ma'am."  God, this was painful.  She felt like such a slut.  "He's my first ever boyfriend.  At least I think that's what we are now."

"Did he...?  You know, with the brain?"

"No.  Not on purpose.  It was weird," Dinah said cautiously, "but he did absolutely nothing wrong, and he saved a bunch of cops last night.  But anyway, I was completely willing.  Clay's a sweet guy."

"So, my son... and Dynamo?"

"Call me Dinah, please.  I'm just a regular girl."

"Clay's girlfriend?" Rae asked, still trying to get her brain around it.

Dinah was sure this woman was going to tear into her for taking advantage of her young son.  "Yes, Ma'am," she squeaked.

"Well, talk about an upgrade!" Rae cried joyfully.  She pulled Dinah into a big hug.  Dinah definitely now understood why Clay thought he had the coolest mom in town.