“What... what did the Queen tell you?” Tarrant Hightopp has never looked so afraid, not to Alice’s memory. 

“Please, answer my question.” 

He closes his eyes, jerks his chin away although he does not try to shake off her hands or release her arms from his grip. Alice studies him – as she has been studying him over the last more-than-a-week – and realizes that, while he is not explicitly denying her the information she has requested, he will need a bit more persuasive effort on her part to relent. 

“Tarrant... you are my husband. I do not want this issue to come between us.” 

He glances back at her, his brows even more unruly in his surprise. “It already has,” he argues. “It always has been. You’ve managed to skip over it often enough we can nearly pretend it isn’t there at all.” 

“ What isn’t there?” 

“The rabbit hole,” he answers with visible reluctance. 

Alice frowns. “But I wouldn’t know how to use it from this side! How would I even enter the Room of Doors? And then I’d have to bash my way through the ceiling—er, floor, wouldn’t I?” 

Tarrant shakes his head vigorously. “No, Alice. Not that rabbit hole. That one only leads one way – from Above to Under. The rabbit hole I am referring to is the one that you have always used to return to your true home—” 

“Underland is my true home,” she rebuts. 

“If that were true, the rabbit hole would no longer exist, but it does, Alice.” 

“Well, then, where is it? I’ve no idea of what you are referring to!” 

“Yes, you do. Think about it carefully, Alice. How did you return home when you were a wee little lass? And the blood of the Jabberwock... what path did you choose for it to take?” 

“Path? I... The rabbit hole...” 

“Yes. Precisely, Alice.” 

She sighs and resists the urge to shake some sense out of him. “Precisely what, Tarrant?” 

“The way to Above,” he confesses, looking as if he would rather cut out his own tongue than tell her, “the way you will take when you decide to return...” She very nearly cuts him off here; Why is he speaking as if her departure is guaranteed? “... exists between us. Between our Hearts.” 

Alice hears the distinction in his tone and knows he is speaking of their Rooms. She shakes her head. “There is nothing between our Hearts! There’s only the corridor to our garden!” 

“That is not true, Alice. What else is there?” 

“Your portcullis, moat, and bridge,” she can’t stop herself from accusing. 

He merely nods, accepting this. “And what else?” 

“And... and...” Her breath hitches. “The... ravine outside my Door...” 

“The rabbit hole outside your door,” he softly corrects. 

She shakes her head, denying the possibility. 

“Aye, Alice,” he insists, pulling himself closer to her, as if she is about to throw herself into its depths. “Ye’ve ne’er looked closely inteh its depths... I have. An’ I ken a rabbit hole when I see one.” 

Alice stares into his eyes. The left one is a muted green and the right... yes, the ring of red is a bit more predominant than usual. “I have no intention of ever using that... path again,” she hurries to reassure him. 

He arcs a brow. “Why would it be there at all if it weren’t there to be used?” 

Alice answers the challenge unthinkingly, “Perhaps because, one day, after I’ve forgiven them, I shall need some way of telling my mother and sister that I’m all right!” 

Tarrant’s increasing grip on her arms loosens. “Forgiven them?” His gaze, half mad and half brilliant, examines her. “Alice... why did you come back to Underland when you did?” 

“I promised you I would,” she temporizes. 

Tarrant notices the evasion. “But why that moment?” 

Sighing, Alice realizes that he is not going to let the subject go this time. And denying him will only widen the gulf – the rabbit hole – between them. At the thought of returning to her Room and finding an even larger chasm between her Door and his, Alice concedes. She does not wish to push him away. She gestures to the armchairs in the sitting area and Tarrant drops his hands from her arms. She spends the half dozen steps trying to calm herself, to center herself. The topic of her departure still upsets her despite the nearly-two months that have passed since the incident. 

And, as the word incident crosses her mind, she is reminded of the Pear Incident. Despite the unpleasantness of their imminent conversation, Alice smiles. Perhaps not all incidents are bad. Perhaps something good can come from them. If she wills it to be so. 

“You wish to know why I came back when I did?” she muses, not really asking, not really confirming, merely introducing the issue, merely agreeing to entertain it. 

Taking the seat opposite hers, Tarrant nods. So she obliges him: 

“Marriage.” Oh, the irony. She would have laughed if it would not have been so painful – for both of them – to hear. 

“I... beg your pardon?” 

“Do you remember the sea voyage I mentioned taking?” 

“Of course I do. I remember everything we have discussed, Alice.” 

“Everything?” she echoes. “That ’s quite a lot.” 

“I’m quite proud of my collection.” 

She chuckles and feels herself relax a bit into the embrace of the chair. “That sea voyage was my greatest achievement. A great achievement for anyone. Especially for a woman. Women Above do not sail the seas; they do not apprentice with trading companies; they do not get involved with business; they do not venture to distant lands without a chaperone.” She sighs. “Not without consequences.” 

“Everything comes with a price,” he agrees. “Although I cannot fathom why those things would cost you your home and family.” 

“I’m getting to that.” She folds her hands in her lap and continues, “At one particular port, we took on a passenger. A man with the company. An unmarried man.” 

Tarrant twitches in his seat, obviously distressed by the implications at which she is hinting. Alice holds up a hand to stop whatever thought that is brewing from bubbling over. “You wanted to hear this. Have you changed your mind, husband?” 

“No, my wife,” he answers on a lengthy exhale. “Please, continue.” 

“This man... He was amiable, polite, business savvy. I learned a great deal from him... about trading ,” she deliberately qualifies. 

Tarrant scowls. “Why point that out, Alice?” 

“Because many people believed I learned quite a bit more from him than I, an unwed and unchaperoned woman, should have.” By the sudden twitch of his brows and the sideways jerk of his chin, Alice knows he has experienced a thought which he does not care for at all. She waits for him to ask, just as all the others had asked. Asked... and not listened to one word of her answer. 

“Say it,” she invites him when he has been silent for far too long. 

“Say what?” 

“Ask if you must.” 

“I do not have to,” he informs her, his left eye narrowing and creating an expression of Determination in his features. “I know you were not intimate with that man. I know , Alice, that you were not... indiscreet with him. If you had been, you never would have been so curious about...” 

No, she never would have been so keen and impatient to be indiscreet with Tarrant if her curiosity had been satisfied previous to that. Yes, he knows her very well. 

She lets out a breath and feels shame rush to fill the spaces left by her released breath. “I’m sorry. That was unfair. It’s just... my mother and sister didn’t believe me when I denied it. They... The gossip started the moment we disembarked and...” Alice shakes her head. 

“I ignored the gossip. As usual. My mother... although she has not always agreed with my decisions, she had always let make up my own mind. That is rare where I come from; women are sheltered, guided, protected... You see, women in London cannot own land or manage their own finances or anything like that. A woman’s wealth is held in trust by her father or husband or brother or cousin, even. My mother is... not young and my father passed some time ago. My brother-in-law is a scoundrel. Were my sister any less of a woman...” Alice stops, shakes her head, takes a deep breath and continues, “Above, a woman needs a man to look after her because she is not permitted to do so herself. My mother had the benefit of being a widow but I... And then, when the gossip started making its way around town, my mother – worried for me and my future as she was – did not... did not...” 

Alice realizes she could expound on the excuses and rationale for hours. But they are not particularly pertinent to the issue at hand. She wrestles the betrayal aside as best she can and reports, “I found out about the wedding two days before it was to happen. My maid told me, bless her soul... I miss her...” She gives herself a light shake and returns her attention to the tale, “I suppose he would have been a good husband, that man from the company, I mean. He was kind, reliable, successful. But not for me. I had to leave, you see. Marry, one day accept my wastrel of a brother-in-law as my provider, or... leave. Those were my choices. 

“My mother’s support had always given me the means to live my own life – make my own path – but now, without it, what would I do? Where could I go to be me ? Just Alice? I left.” 

She cannot bear to look into his eyes, to see his disappointment. “I’m so sorry, Tarrant. I didn’t return to Underland. I ran away from London.”