NATALIE

BY KYSA Q

Part 2

Natalie's Birthday

I went to Natalie's room to prepare her for the evening ahead.
She was lying on her bed wearing only her skirt as I had
instructed. She lay on her side with her arms covering her
breasts not moving and not looking up as I walked in.

Right young lady, on your feet. We need to get you ready for the
evening.

Natalie slowly stood, getting off the bed and standing with her
arms by her side to display her ample breasts. She knew better
than to cover herself prior to her punishment. I stood in front
of her and started to rub my hands across her breasts and
nipples. Holding her breasts and feeling their weight in my hands
was gorgeous. Taking her nipples between my fingers I gave them a
pinch and watched the pain flicker across her face.

I think we'll have some fun with these this evening. Now back on
the bed.

I guided Natalie down on her back and had her lift her legs
pulling her knees up to her chest. Her skirt fell off her naked
bottom exposing the lips of her young pussy. Taking my belt from
around my waist I doubled it over and took a few moments to
admire the sight. Running my hands down the back of her legs and
across her upturned bottom I felt like fucking her there and then
but that would have to wait until later. I stroked her pussy
causing her to whimper slightly. I knew she hated exposing
herself like this and I was quite surprised that she hadn't
started to cry yet.

Before we go downstairs I'm going to give you a few strokes of
the belt, pull your legs right back.

Natalie pulled her legs back as I readied the belt. The first
stroke was across the back of her legs and she struggled to stay
in position. I worked down her legs with the next few strokes
enjoying the sound of the belt on her skin as she offered herself
for the punishment. I gave her a few softer strokes across her
bottom before pulling the belt back slightly so that the tip
caught her between her legs causing her to cry out for the first
time.

Do you have something to say ? I asked.

No sir. Her tearful reply aroused me further and I immediately
gave her a harder stroke of the belt across her buttocks.

Now spread yourself I said with barely hidden glee.

Natalie obliged. Pulling her legs apart she held her ankles. On
her back with her legs spread, doubled over with her bottom in
the air and exposing her naked pussy she looked wonderful. Young
girls can be so flexible !

Good girl, spread yourself a bit wider though I don't think
you're trying quite as hard as you can.

I loved to watch her strain to hold the position. I gave her a
couple of strokes of the belt on the inside of her thighs
followed by several across her bottom. Then stopping the
strapping for a few moments I ran my hands all over her, rubbing
her quite roughly between her legs but not penetrating her pussy
just yet. First stroking the belt between her spread legs I gave
a her a few very light strokes followed by a much harder stroke
right across her naked pussy. This brought a very welcome scream
although she just about managed to hold her position.

We'll try that again until you can keep quiet I instructed.

Again I rubbed her roughly between her legs before positioning
the belt prior to the stroke. She let out only a whimper this
time.

Good girl. Lets get you ready to go downstairs, everybody is very
keen to see you. Stand up.

Natalie stood herself and put her hands at her side once more.
Her eyes were red from the tears that had started to flow
although she still barely made a sound. Her skirt fell back to
partly hide her nudity. I had her turn around and taking some
thick cord from the bedside table I bound her wrists. The belt
that I had just used to whip her with I wrapped around her upper
arms tightening it and forcing her elbows together. The effect
was wonderful as her shoulders were forced back and her tits were
forced out. I couldn't resist taking her tits in my hands once
more and caressing her young breasts. From the table I now took
the metal rings that I had made for the occasion. They were
hinged and opened up so that they could be placed around the base
of her tits, closing tightly with a small catch to lock them.
They had exactly the effect that I had hoped, Natalie's tits now
clamped and displayed in all their young nubile glory. What
better eighteenth birthday present could a young girl want ? The
final part of the costume would be a ball gag. Natalie
reluctantly opened her mouth as I inserted the ball and tied the
straps. I turned her around and stepped back to admire her.

Now down stairs with you young lady to meet your birthday guests.
Would you like to keep the skirt on ? As I asked she started to
nod her head a let out a little grunt from behind the gag.

It just doesn't look right you know. Trust me. I have a much
better idea.

I turned her round and unzipped the skirt letting it drop to the
floor and apart from the bonds she wore she was now completely
and wonderfully naked. I had her stand with her legs apart.
Placing my hand between her legs her eyes widened, I was tempted
to force my finger inside her but held back. Opening the draw of
the small bedside cabinet I took a roll of wide silver tape. I
took a long strip from the roll I wrapped it between her legs
sticking it firmly over her neatly trimmed pubic triangle and up
to her stomach.

There that should do it. Off you go.

I slapped her bottom and ushered her towards the door. There was
a moment of resistance as she bent forward to avoid the
inevitable descent of the stairs and her humiliation in front of
the people who had come to celebrate her coming of age.

She stumbled across the landing and down the stairs as I walked
behind her pushing her along. The stairs led down to a large room
where six people eagerly awaited the arrival of the birthday
girl. Along with Joanne, my wife there were our near neighbours
Alice and Jack who had brought there own daughter Amy, a friend
of Natalie's and a not altogether willing participant in the
evening. Alice and Jack shared our enthusiasm for the approach we
took with Natalie and I suspect Amy might be looking forward to
her own birthday with some trepidation. Also there were Rob and
Jane who had been friends of ours for some time and in fact it
had been Rob's idea to make the breast clamps. I think he had a
bit of a fetish for bound breasts and was always keen to see
Natalie's charms.

As Natalie descended the stairs all eyes turned to her. Only Amy
showed shock and I think a degree of fear, I suspect she was
unsure of her role in the evening's entertainment. We had decided
that everyone would have the opportunity to fuck Natalie later in
the evening. Alice had insisted that the women would have to use
a strap on dildo so a not to miss out. Initially this had been a
bit of a joke but had become an integral part of the plans a few
nights previously when we had all sat drinking wine and
discussing the party.

In the middle of the room was a trestle looking rather comical
with a large dildo attached and pointing skywards. This was to be
how we would display Natalie prior to fucking her.

Everybody clapped as Natalie came staggering down the stairs and
into the room. Joanne took hold one of her bound arms and led her
into the room. Rob immediately came forward and took hold of
Natalie's bound breasts. Tears now streaked her face although
apart from a few moans from behind the gag she remained quiet and
submissive. Joanne had a thick leather collar that she put around
Natalie's neck and buckled it up. Taking the stricken girl she
was lead over towards the trestle. As she realised what was going
to happen she started to struggle although without much
conviction. She was aware that she would have to submit either
voluntarily or otherwise. A wire hung from the beam above the
trestle and had a clip that would attach to the collar that
Natalie now wore. Moving the trestle aside for a moment Natalie
was lifted and the collar clipped to the wire. She was just able
to keep her toes on the floor. With her arms bound behind her she
was forced to have her breasts thrust forward and her head bowed.
Along with Rob we lifted her, spreading her legs as we did so.
Alice stepped forward to enthusiastically take the tape from her
pussy. She peeled the tape away slowly, pulling some of Natalie's
pubic hair as she did so and causing several desperate screams
from behind the gag.

The trestle and the waiting dildo was put underneath Natalie.
There was a very liberal coating of lubricant on the dildo.
Placing Natalie's pussy on the tip of the dildo we started to
ease her down onto it. As she felt the entry of the tip she
started to struggle and we had quite a job steadying her without
letting her weight drop her further onto the waiting phallus.
When her struggles had eased slightly we let her drop slightly,
further parting her young pussy as the optimistically thick dildo
pushed into her. We had argued quite a lot about the thickness of
the implement to be used eventually deciding on a tapered model
that became much thicker near the base. It was going to be a
little painful and we eased her further onto it very slowly. She
had ceased to struggle but was breathing very heavily as she
tried to relax herself to allow the dildo to penetrate.

It took several rather exhausting minutes to get her so that her
toes would touch the floor either side of the trestle and we
could step away. The dildo now well inside her she stood panting
as she tried to maintain her balance. Her now reddening breasts
pushed out in front she looked very helpless and very beautiful.

Joanne had gone to the kitchen and returned with a bottle of
champagne and glasses. Popping the cork we all raised a glass to
Natalie as she hung before us, her distended pussy impaled on the
dildo. As she struggled to maintain her balance she looked liked
she was pleasuring herself on it, the effect heightened by the
rapid breaths caused by her rising panic.

In honour of her Birthday following the toasts we decided
everybody should give her eighteen strokes of a special whip that
Joanne had bought for the occasion. It had four leather tails on
it which in our slightly inebriated state we had tried it out the
other night. It was no toy, that much became apparent and we
realised we might need to be careful just how hard we whipped
her.

We started passing the whip between us taking turns to land
strokes all over Natalie's exposed naked body. Amy was the only
reluctant participant but was wise enough not to complain, she
invariably whipped Natalie's back and arms. The rest of us took
delight in landing blows all over her. Rob paid particular
attention to her breasts with many of the other blows landing
around her stomach and bottom giving us the added delight as she
writhed on the dildo.

We soon lost count of the number of blows that she took. Another
bottle of champagne was opened. Alice shook the bottle, spraying
a good portion of the contents on Natalie.

Amy was given the task of whipping while the rest of us sat to
watch shouting out the parts of Natalie's body we wished to see
whipped. Rob became convinced Amy was holding back and threatened
to take the whip to her if she wasn't more enthusiastic. What a
fine sight it made with the now very willing Amy whipping the
increasingly desperate Natalie. The dildo pushing further into
her as her legs tired, the weight being transferred to her
overstretched pussy and the collar.

We stopped the whipping and left Natalie hanging for some time
while we enjoyed our drinks. Rob continued to pay a lot of
attention to her tits and I gave her a few good hard spanks on
her bottom to encourage her to wiggle herself on the steadily
disappearing dildo.

It seemed a shame to take her off the dildo but we had other
plans for the evening ahead. We again lifted her by taking hold
of her legs. Rather than take her off immediately we indulged
ourselves lifting and lowering her several times to work the
dildo in and out of her. Finally taking her right off and
unclipping the collar she collapsed on the floor.

Alice and Joanne took Natalie to the bedroom just down the
hallway where we had prepared the bed with the restraints we
needed. She was tied lying on her back with her hands stretched
above her. With two leather straps just above her knees her legs
were stretched wide open almost with both knees flat on the bed.
The metal rings were removed from her tits. The gag was left in
her mouth. The idea was to leave her in there for the evening and
we would be able to go in periodically to enjoy ourselves. Alice
thought it would be fitting if she could be fucked eighteen times
and so we had a red marker pen that we left in there with the
idea that we would keep a tally on her, each time drawing a red
mark on her naked body.

Joanne and Alice returned to the living room and we decided to
draw lots to see who would be first to fuck her. The order didn't
really matter that much we would probably be going in in two's
and threes anyway but we felt that for the first one it would be
nice to draw names from the hat.

As luck would have it I was the first one to sample the delights
of Natalie's pussy. We all had a new round of drinks and talked,
occasionally alluding to Amy's forthcoming birthday which amused
everyone apart from Amy. We promised her a time to remember. Rob
had Amy stand in front of him while he put his hand up her skirt
and groped her pussy. The look on her face was one of horror, so
much so that we had her go round the room standing in front of
each of us in turn while we lifted her skirt and felt her rather
lovely pussy.

I went into the room and had to admire the handiwork of Joanne
and Alice who had restrained Natalie very nicely indeed.
Stretched out on the bed with her legs spread obscenely wide
apart she looked irresistible. There were red marks covering a
lot of her young body and particularly her tits which had been
paid special attention. I sat beside her and ran my hands over
her rubbing her rather roughly. One or two of the marks on her
were clearly quite sore and she flinched as I pinched her nipples
before lowering my lips to her breasts and sucking each nipple in
turn. Resting my hand between her legs I started to finger her
pussy, opening her up and flicking her clitoris. She lay
submissively and resigned to her forthcoming birthday present. I
stood at the bottom of the bed and undressed. Climbing on top of
her I first spread some lubricating jelly on her to ease the
passage into her pussy. She strained against her bonds
momentarily as I started to enter her. She felt good as I slid
right into her watching her face to see the panic as she opened
up . holding myself up on my arms I started to slide in and out,
she felt tight despite her time on the dildo earlier. I kept
working her as I lowered myself and started biting gently on the
top of her breasts. I started to push myself hard into her biting
harder on her as I did so. As I begin to feel myself come I took
her nipple between my teeth. Prolonging the moment briefly I bit
hard on her nipple and felt her tense against the ties on her
arms and legs and I exploded inside her.

Taking the marker pen I put a large red line on her stomach.

Only seventeen more to go you lucky girl.

Returning to the living room I saw with amusement that Amy was
being made to lick clean the dildo that Natalie had been placed
on earlier. Alice and Jack stood to make their way to Natalie.

Every girl should do something special for their eighteenth
birthday. Natalie was in for a very busy night.

