Summary: Changes are coming in Carly's four-way marriage with her husband, her son Stephen and his wife Paige. Paige is expecting another baby, which may change the dynamic forever. Carly meets her old friend Linda to share what she thinks next in her swinging orgy of a marriage.

Adults Only

Comments to: laurenmom@writeme.com

I'm still working my asstr website!

Story: Carly Mom XVII (Final Chapter) by LaurenMom (FF/MMFF, inc, preg, lactate, cons) (May 2008)

Carly and Linda were overdue for a catch-up coffee date. Both women had been extremely busy for months, Carly with deals and Linda with international writing assignments. After hugs and pleasantries, the two went to the secluded corner table at their favorite coffee shop, where Linda wanted an update on her favorite subject, which was Carly's four-way marriage that had begun some two and a half years earlier.

Carly and her husband Paul shared a very unique relationship with their son Stephen and his wife Paige. Carly and Stephen had consummated a loving, lustful, mother/son attraction to one another, but only after finding out that Paul had been having an affair with his daughter-in-law Paige and that he had gotten her pregnant. At Carly's suggestion, the four of them forged a caring, passionate, sex-romp of a swinging relationship.

The two couples began spending all their free time together. And very often, sex was part of what they were doing. Even if they were all watching a movie together in one of their family rooms, someone would begin groping someone else. It was often  Carly and Stephen who started things.

Oftentimes they would get approving nods from Paul and Paige and Carly and Stephen would begin removing one another's clothes while the other two continued to watch the movie. Frequently mother and son would make love on the couch right next to their spouses, or they would have sex on the floor right in front of them. Paul and Paige enjoyed seeing the other two fuck. 

One time the two might join in the action. Another time they would just watch. And sometimes Paige would take Paul's cock out of his pants and stroke him to orgasm or give him a blowjob while Carly and Stephen did it on the floor.

But now, Carly and Linda were together at their favorite secluded table and Linda wanted to hear what was new in her best friend's life. 

"So, what's the latest at Carly Place?" Linda asked eagerly.

"Well," Carly began. "Paige's second baby is due in a few weeks and everybody's really excited about that, of course."

"And you're sure Stephen's the father this time?" Linda asked. Carly chuckled at this.

"Linda," she said, "I've told you ten times."

"I just like to keep hearing about it," Linda replied with a grin.

"O.K.," Carly replied. "After Paige's first baby was born..."

"The one Paul was the father of," Linda chimed in.

"Yes, Linda," Carly said. "Anyway, a while after that, Stephen and Paige started talking about having another baby. And they said all along that they wanted to be certain Stephen was the father this time." Linda nodded, still grinning. "But they wanted to put a little time in-between, so Paige went back on the pill a couple of months after she gave birth."

"Did she keep breastfeeding after she went back on the pill?" Linda asked.

"She did," Carly replied. "Her doctors all said it was fine to do that as long as a couple months had passed since the delivery. So, she went on the pill, but later in the year she and Stephen decided it was time, so she went off again."

"Uh-huh..." Linda said, enjoying the story as thought she was hearing it for the first time.

"But, since they wanted to make sure the second baby would be Stephen's, we were a lot more careful about Paul actually having intercourse with Paige."

"And how did you do that?" Linda asked knowingly.

"He always wore a condom when he fucked her," Carly said. "And he found plenty of other places to stick it besides Paige's pussy."

"That sounds hot, and naughty!" Linda replied.

"Yes, it was rather naughty," Carly said. "Naughtier than usual. And during that time, Stephen was fucking Paige constantly. That was fun to watch too." Carly paused to reflect. "Of course, nothing has brought us all more fun than Paige's pregnancies. Especially the first one."

"That's what you've said before," Linda replied. "What was so great?"

"Oh, Man!" Carly began. "Well first off, Paige is so beautiful and has such a beautiful body to begin with...you can't not want to fuck her." Linda nodded with a grin. "But I swear, Linda, the bigger her belly got, the more beautiful she got. None of us could keep our hands off her, especially her belly."

"Really?" Linda said.

"Really," Carly replied. "All three of us were always rubbing it, looking at it, kissing it. It just turned us all on incredibly. And not only did Paige adore the attention, but pregnancy made her horny as hell."

"That's convenient for a bunch of scamps like you guys!" Linda exclaimed. Carly laughed in agreement.

"No kidding," Carly replied. "I'm telling you, we were doing it with Paige all the time. Many times I'd wake up in the middle of the night and find either Paul or Stephen or both making love to her, or licking her pussy and rubbing her belly, or kissing her belly while she jerked them off. And they both shot their loads on her stomach all the time."

"Were you jealous?" Linda asked.

"No way," Carly said. "First off, I was as turned on by her body as they were. Second, I loved seeing all of them, Paige included, so horny. And, they weren't the only ones to get caught with Paige in the middle of the night. I got caught with my face between her legs and my hands on her big tummy many times."

"What did you do when one of you woke up and that was going on?" Linda said.

"Sometimes whoever woke up would join in," Carly said. "That was always fun. Sometimes I'd just watch while one fucked her and she sucked the other one off. I'd get my self off while I watched, then help lick the cum off her belly. I'm telling you, Linda, the orgy never stopped."

"Has it been the same during this pregnancy?" Linda inquired.

"You know, it has been fun," Carly said. "But it's not the same as the first time she was pregnant. And it really kicked into a new gear after Paige had the baby. I mean first of all, it was like the kid had four parents. And  that was sort of true. Both mom and baby were doted on all the time. But as has been the case for some time now, the real fun came at night."

"What do you mean?" Linda asked.

"Well, as much as we all thought a pregnant Paige was the height of horny, a lactating Paige was on a whole different level," Carly explained. Linda stared, wide-eyed, eager to hear more. "For one thing, her boobs, which were already big, got even bigger. Her nipples were enormous. But I don't thing any of could have imagined the thrill we'd get when we first sucked on those milking tits."

"No shit?" Linda said. "What was it like?"

"It was like nothing I'd ever experienced," Carly said. "I mean, I breastfed my kids and I'm sure Paul must have sucked my tits then, but it doesn't stand out that much in my mind. But this was just unbelievable. The first week or so after the baby was born, Paige of course needed lots of sleep. We all rearranged our schedules to make sure we could be around to help out and we let her sleep alone so she wouldn't be disturbed.

But once she got her energy back, we started sleeping with her again. The first night we were back in bed, we started fooling around, caressing her body, kissing her, you know. And then I started kissing one of her big boobs. And I put the nipple in my mouth and sucked. Oh, Man! This very warm, wet, sweet milk sprayed into my mouth. It was like it came from little jets in her nipple. I swear I started moaning and no one was even touching my pussy.

And from the beginning, Paige loved it. She loved having us sucking her lactating boobs." Linda remained in awe of what she was hearing. "We would all kiss and lick 'em, suck on her nipples, let the milk spray on our faces, or on my tits and the others would lick it off."

"Did Paige lick her own milk off your tits?" Linda asked.

"Yes, she sure did," Carly replied. "We'd put our boobs together and she'd squirt them on me, then I fed them back to her. She licked her milk off of all of us and even squirted it into her own mouth. And when she really got going, like when she was riding one of the guys, her tits would spray all over him. The closer she got to cumming, the more she sprayed. It was so wild I can't even explain it all."

"Damn it, Carly," Linda said in genuine admiration, "I thought you were my hero before. But I don't even know how to idolize you. You're living this fantasy life that I can't even imagine!"

"You're always so flattering!" Carly said. "But you're right. It has been a fantasy. First making love with my son, then my husband's passion being rekindled, then my knockout daughter-in-law joins us all in bed. It is something else."

"Anything else about Paige's boobs?" Linda asked.

"Well, just that we all sucked them so much," Carly said, "Along with the baby's feedings, Paige produced a lot of milk. We had to lay off a little just because she was leaking all the time. And there wasn't always one of us around to drain the jugs, if you know what I mean." Linda laughed out loud. "So, she did leak quite often."

"So where are things now," Linda asked, "With the second baby on the way."

"Well, things have kind of been going in a different direction in the last couple of months," Carly said.

"How so?" Linda inquired.

"I think we're all sort of moving on," Carly said. "Stephen and Paige have one baby and now they're moving to number two. They seem to really want to move into the whole parent mode full-force." Linda nodded. "And I'm really O.K. with it. Of course on one hand, I'm ready to really embrace being Grandma." Linda chuckled. "But on the other hand, I'm in no way ready to call myself that."

"Well shit, Honey," Linda said. "There aren't many grandmas out there who look like you. Or who are as horny as you, either! Hell, I'd fuck you." Carly laughed.

"Oh, you're very sweet!" Carly said. "But seriously, I thought I'd be more sad about it, ya' know? But I really think it's time."

"So, what does that mean for your little foursome?" Linda asked.

"Well," Carly replied, "I think it means that once the new baby is born, Stephen and Paige will really move back to their house full-time."

"What about you and Stephen?" Linda said.

"I'm pretty sure we'll still get to be together here and there," Carly said. "He often ends up doing business at conferences where I'm speaking. I doubt that would happen without him wandering to my room at the end of the evening and spending the night. But it also depends on him and Paige. I mean, I think she'll be fine if we still fuck...I know Paul will be fine with it...but they're really going to be a family, so if Paige wants to set-up that boundary, I'll have to live with it."

"And you'll be O.K. with that?" Linda asked.

"You know," Carly said, "Six months ago I would have said no. But I've really seen it coming. And I've had this amazing relationship with Stephen. I mean, really amazing. And we'll always be close, even if it's not in bed. But we love each other in a special way that will never lessen. I'm sure it may change forms, but it will always be there."

"Wow," Linda said. "But what about your sex life?"

"How do you mean?" Carly asked.

"You've been living this nightly orgy for a long time now," Linda said. "With Paige and Stephen gone, what's that going to mean for your libido?"

"Well, obviously Paul is a lot more interested than he was when this all started," Carly said. "Of course, I know what you mean. Even that probably won't be enough to meet my needs all the time. I'll still be traveling, so I'll have opportunities there. And I'm pretty certain Paul will be O.K. with that. I'll be O.K. if he brings home one of his students here and there. In fact, I hope he'll do that when I'm in town. But I'd actually love it if he would fuck somebody while I was away and then tell me about it when I got back."

"You know, Carly Honey..." Linda said.

"Yes, Linda Baby," Carly said sweetly in response.

"I know a very, very horny journalist who has a big longing for a tongue in her pussy," Linda said.

"Really?" Carly said smiling. "Anyone I know?"

"Someone who you've kept very, very hot in the last couple of years, but who you haven't been with, hardly ever during that time," Linda responded. "And she would LOVE to have you visit her bed as often as you want."

"I see," Carly said. "And might she have some toys there we could play with?"

"She just might," Linda replied playfully.

"And might that journalist who wants a tongue in her pussy be you?" Carly asked.

"Why yes it would, Carly Sweetie," Linda said. "I want you Honey, so bad. I hope you'll burn up some of your sexual energy with me."

"You bet I will," Carly said.

"Um, one question," Linda said.

"Yes?" Carly replied.

"Can I call you Mommy in bed sometimes?" Linda inquired with a very naughty grin.

"I'd love that, Linda Baby," Carly replied. The two women joined hands across the table and smiled smiles of a lustful and loving friendship.

The End

laurenmom@writeme.com