Annabelle stared longingly at the chocolate truffle that was sitting in the display case.    She knew that she shouldnt have one but like a drug addict she craved the sweet flavor of it.    She knew it was madness to come by here everyday on her way home from work but still she stopped.    She wasnt sure if it was the creamy delights of chocolate that stopped her or the man that had created those them.   Zephyrus Raincloud was just as tempting as the creamy delights he made.
	Good morning, Annabelle.   Jerking her head up, her face flushed alarmingly at the objects of her thoughts.   He must have come out of the kitchen while she had been devouring the chocolate with her eyes.    As usual he had his long dark hair pulled back and was wearing a pair of faded jeans and a t-shirt that said I Melt For Chocolate.   
	Hi, She said, trying not to show how she had been drooling over the chocolate in front of her.
	So what can I tempt you with?  He asked in his deep voice.   
	A truffle.  She said softly.  I would really love to have one of those truffles.
	A truffle, it is.  Zephyrus agreed as he opened the display case and pulled the tray out.   As he placed the tempting morsels in front of her on the display case, his sister Hestia came out of the kitchen. 
	Zephyr, you have a call from your supplier.  She said softly as she stopped next to him.
	Thanks, Ill take it.  He said. Hestia, can you get Annabelle her truffle?  He asked before heading towards the kitchen.
	Sure.  Turning towards Annabelle, Hestia smiled.  Hello Annabelle.  How are you today?
	Fine.   Just craving your brothers chocolate.   She said with a chuckle.   He has the best chocolate, Ive ever tasted.
	I know.  Hestia said as she placed Annabelles truffle in a small chocolate box.  And just for being one of our loyal customer, Ill throw in an extra for nothing. She said with a wink.   And little brother doesnt need to know.  
	Little brother?  Annabelle asked.  Have you looked at your brother lately, Hestia?  Hes twice your size.   Hestia laughed.  
	I know.  But hell always be my little brother.  She joked as she placed the tray back in the display case.  Lets get this ringed up for you.


	Zephyr smiled as he heard his sister laugh.   It wasnt uncommon to hear her laugh but she always seem to laugh more when Annabelle came into the shop.   A thoughtful smile crossed his dark face.  Lately he couldnt help but dwell on his reliable customer.   Like clockwork every day, she came in and had a chocolate.  In fact he was always thinking of new delights to tempt her with.   Hanging the phone up he wandered over to his small office.  Sitting down he stared at the paperwork that had piled up on the desk in front of him.   He hated doing paperwork, but Hestia had told him that if he didnt put a dent in today she was going to call someone in to do it for him.   Being a pragmatic man, he couldnt see paying someone to do what he could do himself.   He just didnt like to do it.  Hed rather be in his kitchen creating all kinds of chocolate to tempt Annabelle.   The tall elegant woman had somehow managed to catch his attention, when usually he was draw to small petite women, like his sister.   The first time that he had met her, he had been surprised at how nice it was to actually look into a womans eyes.  It had him wondering about other things that would be nice to do with her.   His thoughts were interrupted though when his sister entered his office.
	So when are you going to ask her out? Hestia asked as sat down on the edge of his desk.   He stared at her for a moment.
	What? he croaked. 
	You heard, me Zephyrus Raincloud.   You crave  her like she craves your chocolate.   She told him with a grin.
	Sis, theres nothing going on between us.  Shes a customer. And she is  white.
	A customer?  Yeah, right, pull the other leg.  Its shorter.  And there is nothing wrong with her color.  She said as she stood up.  I do believe you protest too much, brother dear.   Take my advice and ask her out.  The worse thing she can say is no.  She told him before she headed towards the door.

	Annabelle gazed thoughtfully at the computer in front of her.  Her job as financial advisor was a rewarding one, but lately she hadnt found it challenging enough.   It had been awhile since she had been challenged at all.   She was startled when the telephone rang.   Picking it up she said hello.   She was not surprised when she heard Hestias voice on the other end of the phone.   She had become fast friends with Hestia since she started visiting The Delights chocolate shop.
	Hey, Annie.  Didnt you tell me you were some kind of financial wizard? 
	Well, I wouldnt call myself that.  Annabelle chuckled.  But yes I thats what I do for a living. 
	Well, would you be willing to give me a hand?  She asked. Ill even pay you.  
	For what?  Annabelle asked, not sure about where this conversion was heading.
	Well, Zephyr would kill me for asking you, but we received a letter from the IRS.  Were being audited.   And well, Zephyr isnt the greatest of book keepers.  He has a pile three feet high on his desk.  I told him that if he didnt put a dent in today I was going to call for reinforcements.   Well anyways, he got sidetracked by some new candy that hes developing and you can guess how much work he got done.
	Very little.  Annabelle sighed.  So you want me to be the reinforcement.
	Yes.  I know you are busy, so thats why I offered to pay you.  Hestia said quickly.
	Well, considering all the freebies you give me, I think that I can let it go at that. Annabelle said.   Looking down at her schedule book, she quickly scanned its entries.  
	How about I come around tomorrow at four.  She asked.
	Sounds good to me. Hestia said quickly.   Zephyr will probably be out around that time.  But I can get you started.   
	Alright then, Ill see you tomorrow.   Annabelle said before hanging up the phone.   Well, maybe this will be the challenge that I have been looking for.  She said to no one in particular.

	Hestia smiled to herself as she got off the phone.   She couldnt have timed it better,  she thought as she watched her brother come into the livingroom .   He was wearing a pair of soft jogging shorts and was briskly running a towel through his wet hair.  She smiled at him.   
	What?  He asked as his head popped out from under the towel.
	Nothing. She said.  Come here and let me help you.  She said as she took the comb from his hand.
	Hestia, I think Im old enough to comb my hair myself.  Zephyr said with a chuckle.  They had this conversation about once a week.   And he never won.
	I know.  But I like combing your hair.  Was her standard response.  Obediently he sat down in front of her on the foot stool.   Due to his native American descent he clung to the tradition of having long hair.  It wasnt practical in his line of work.  But he didnt care.   He knew that it was time for a trim again when he sat down and pulled his own hair.  It had gotten too long again.  Lifting up he pulled it out from under him.  Looks like its time for a trim again.  Hestia said softly.
	Yeah, it snuck up on me again.  He said with a laugh.
	Where are you taking Joseph tomorrow?  She asked as she slowly worked her way through the damp strands.
	I thought Id take him out to the Nature Center.  Walk some trails and such.
	Thats a wonderful idea.  Im sure hed love it. I know he loves doing anything with you.
	And I enjoy being the big brother for awhile.  He said with a laugh.  Hestia chuckled. 
	And I suppose it was hard being my little brother. She joked.
	Yes, it was. He groused good  naturedly. Such a bossy little thing you are.  Hestia just laughed even more.  

	After her brother finally retired for the evening, Hestia took her cell phone outside and dialed her mothers number in Arizona.   She was not surprised when her mother answered on first ring.
	Hi, Mom.  
	How did it go? Her mother asked.
	Shes coming over tomorrow while hes out with his little brother.  I told her about all the paperwork on his desk and she offered to help.   Shes a good woman.  But you know Zephyr.  Hes so concerned about color.  She said with a sigh.  She could hear her mother surprise.
	That boy of mine.  Whens he gonna learn that color doesnt matter.  Not to me, not to you.  The only one it mattered to was your father.  And god bless his soul hes gone but it still wasnt right. 
	I know, Mom.   Hestia said softly.  I wish you could see the two of them together.   They dance around each other something fierce.  But you can see the sparks between them.
	I wish I could.  Ill be coming out see both of you later next month, so maybe I can see it then.   And Hestia.  Her mother paused. 
	What?
	Be careful.  This is a dangerous game you are playing with your brother.  There is a reason I named him Zephyrus.
	Aw, Mom.  Not the the god of the wind thing again. She protested.
	Well, dont blame me, sweetheart, if you get caught in the backlash.
	Ill be careful, Mom.  Hell thank me in the end.  She promised her mother.

	The next day, Annabelle showed up at The Delights and met Hestia at the counter. 
	Im here.  She said happily.  Feed me some chocolate, and Ill be ready to take on two feet of paperwork without a problem.  Annabelle told her friend.
	Chocolate I can do.  Hestia said with a laugh.  Paperwork on the other hand Ill leave to you. Handing Annabelle a chocolate cluster from the display case, she shook her head.  Thats a serious chocolate fetish you have there.  She teased.
	Yep.  She said as she followed Hestia around the counter and through the kitchen.    Yummy.  She murmured as she drew a deep breath filled with chocolate and all other delectable scents.  So this is where he creates all those yummy things.  
	Yes.  Hestia said over her shoulder as she pushed open the door to Zephyrs office.  And this is where he avoids coming.   
	Wow. You werent kidding.  Annabelle said with a whistle when she saw the desk.   Setting her briefcase down she stared in disbelief at the amount of paperwork littering the desk.    Picking up the nearest piece of paper, she found what looked like maybe a recipe for a new dessert.   Hey, Hestia.  Are you and your brother Apache by chance?   She asked.
	Yes, we are.  I know the first names dont show it but the last names do.
	Raincloud.  Annabelle said knowingly. Very common name in the Indian Nation.   
	Yes it is.  Do you think that you can help?  She asked.
	Yes.  Im sure Ill get to the bottom of this eventually.  Annabelle said with a grin.  
	

	Hestia was at the front counter when Zephyr walked in early that evening just before closing time.   She was busy waiting on some customers.  Glancing at his watch, he knew that Annabelle would be coming in soon.    He had a new treat that he wanted to try out on her.   He had gotten inspiration yesterday after she had left and had worked for two hours to get it just right.   He was hoping that she would like it.   Waving at his sister as he rounded the counter, he headed into the kitchen.   Walking to the cooler he pulled out a tray of brownies that he had made yesterday.   Whistling softly he started to cut them into squares.   He had noticed that the display case was almost empty when he had walked by.   Turning he started heating the Raspberry glaze for them.   He couldnt imagine doing any other kind of work.

	Annabelle paused as the smell of warm raspberries drifted through the cracked door of Zephyrs office.   Immediately her stomach grumbled in approval and her mouth started to water.   That smelled just like Zephyrs trademark Raspberry Brownies. They were the reason she had come to the shop the first time.   A friend had brought some into work and Annabelle had begged to know where she had gotten them.    Standing up she decided that it was time for a small break and went out to con Hestia out of a brownie.  

	Hestia smiled as she ushered the last customer out for the evening.   She didnt know if Zephyr had found Annabelle in his office yet but she knew he would eventually.   Slipping through the door after the customers a wicked grin lit up her face.    Turning the key in the lock she effectively locked her younger brother in with her blond friend.   She would come by later and let them out.  Hopefully the time that they were together would get through Zephyrs thick head that Annabelles race didnt matter.

	Annabelle stopped and stared at the tight butt incased in well worn jeans.   The man had his back to her and was whistling softly.   It the long hair hadnt given it away, the familiar tingle in her stomach would have.   Zephyrus Raincloud was standing in front of her and wasnt even aware she was there.   It gave her the untold opportunity to stare as much as she liked.   And she liked a lot, she thought.

	Zephyr couldnt be sure when he first felt it, but he knew that someone was watching him.  At first he had thought it was his sister.  It wasnt uncommon for her to come in and watch him work.  But somehow he knew it wasnt her.   The fact that it was coming from behind him wasnt the only thing that clued him into that fact.   The familiar tension that pooled deep in his loins was a dead give away to who was in the vicinity.  Lifting his head he stopped whistling before slowly turning around.

	Annabelle became aware of the moment that Zephyr realized that he wasnt alone.  When he started to turn, she tried to paste a smile on her face.   If she didnt want him to realize that she drooled over his chocolates, she certainly did not want him to realize that she had been drooling over him this time.

	Annabelle.  Zephyr whispered.  What are you doing?  
	Well, your sister, she asked me to come in and help you.  She said as her face turned bright red.   With your books. She explained quickly.  Zephyr looked at her then started to laugh.  
	I know that she wanted me to get through that paperwork.  But I didnt know that she was that desperate to have a customer help.  He said merrily as he continued to chuckle.   Im sorry that she dragged you in here, Annabelle.   I do believe that my sister is trying her hand at matchmaking.  He said as he gently took her hand and pulled her out of the kitchen towards the counter.   Hestia, you little minx, where are you hiding at?  He called out when he realized that his sister was no where in sight.   Annabelle stared in dismay when she realized what had happened.   Gazing at the dry erase board that was on the counter, she was the first to see, Hestias scribbled note.   Walking closer she saw that her friend had indeed set her up.   In the note, Hestia had explained that she was just trying to give them a push in the right direction.   It explained that her brother wouldnt approach Annabelle because of her race and that Hestia wanted her to show Zephyr that race didnt matter.   And that she had locked them in together until the next morning.      Sighing she knew that she would have to show Zephyr the message.  Turning back around she saw that he was frowning as he turned the door knob on the front door.   
	Zephyr.  She said softly.
	What? he growled.
	She locked us in.  
	I know, but I dont understand.  He said testily.
	Here.  She said handed the dry erase board to him.   She watched as he read the note.  I guess theres one good thing, She said with a sigh. 
	Whats that?  He asked looking at her warily.
	Well, two actually.   One is that Im locked in my favorite chocolate shop. That means you get to feed me all kinds of yummy things.   And two Ill have time to finish the rest of your paperwork.  She said happily.
	Wait a minute.  What do you know about doing paperwork?  He asked with a frown.
	Everything.  She said.  Where you may be the master of chocolate, Zephyrus.  I am the master of finance.  When he continued to look at her as if she had grown three heads she frowned.  What?  Im a financial advisor.
	Okay.  He said slowly as he watched her turn back towards the kitchen.  Where are you going? 
	To get my fee.  
 	What! he asked as he followed her into the kitchen.  He found her at the counter where he had just finished coating his Raspberry Brownies.   She had one in her hand and had it half way to her mouth.   What do you think you are doing?  He asked her as he watched her take a bite out of the brownie.   When she moaned softly, he stilled.   Was this how she always reacted to his brownies?  Annabelle turned towards the shocked man standing in the doorway.  Swallowing her little taste of heaven,  she smiled at him. 
  	You have the best brownies Ive ever tasted. She complimented him.  And as for what Im doing, well, your sister and I made an agreement.  I do your books and she feeds me chocolate.  
   	Is this how you always react to my brownies?  He asked huskily. 
	You mean as if Ive died and gone to heaven? When he nodded, she smiled  Yes.  Im sure Im not the first to tell you that. she said with a grin.  You know that you are damn good at making yummies. 
          Well, I try.  He said as he watched her take another bite out of the brownie. When she moaned again, he felt himself harden behind the fly of his jeans.  Turning around he pulled his control around him like a shroud.  He wasnt going to come on to a customer no matter how sexy she looked eating his chocolate.   He almost ran back out to the counter when he heard that sexy whimper again.   He wasnt going to hit on customer, he told himself again.  Especially a white one.   He had a weakness for white women, one that he was willing to conquer for Annabelle.  But he didnt know how to combat the note that Hestia had left.  Annabelle surely thought that he was a prejudiced son of bitch.  
	  Annabelle watched as he walked back out to the counter.   Damn the man had a tight ass, she thought.  Then she sobered.   She had read the note that Hestia had left.   She wasnt sure that she was up to changing a mans mind on something like that.	 Propping herself on the edge of the counter she waited for him to return.   Tonight, maybe, she should teach him about trust.   It would take a special woman to show Zephyrus Raincloud that not all white women were untrustworthy and beneath him.   It would be a huge undertaking and even more of a challenge than getting through his paperwork.   But was she emotionally ready for the roller coaster ride that it was bound to take her on.   No, she decided, she wasnt going to hit her head against that wall ever again.

	Zephyr watched in amusement as the chocolate miniature disappeared into Annabelles mouth.   She sighed with pleasure as she continued to pour over the paperwork in front of her.    
	You know Zephyr.  It wouldnt take that much to get all of this organized.  She mumbled around her mouthful of chocolate.
	Then your hired.  He said happily.  
	What?  She asked as she looked up at him.
	Ive been thinking about it.   The amount that you have accomplished so far is amazing.    And if it is as easy as you say it is, then it will be even easier for me to hire you to do it.   Ill even throw in all the chocolate you want. He said with a wink.
	Zephyrus, I dont know if I can work for you.  She said honestly.
	Why?  He asked with a puzzled look on his face.
	Because I find you very attractive.  And I know that you wont see me because Im white.   And I wont eat my heart everyday.   As much as I love your chocolate, I cant afford to fall in love with you and then have nothing come of it because of your beliefs.  She said sadly.   And I think that its time for me to leave.
	Will I see you in the shop, Annabelle?  He asked immediately, scared that he would never see her again.    
	Maybe when I get over my embarrassment, I might come back in.   Good thing that you have a delivery service.   I dont think that I can keep coming in here. 

	Annabelle barely had made it home before the tears had started to flow.   She hadnt lied to Zephyr.   She had meant every word she had said. She had realized when she had faced the thought of not seeing him again that she had lied to him by default.   There was no falling in love with the man.   She was already there.  Which to her seemed illogical as rain falling on the moon.  She hadnt known him in any other way than the occasional hello across the chocolate counter.   She had heard plenty from   Joseph, her cousin.   He worshiped Zephyr.   But even with being raised in her adopted family, the Whitebears, she knew what prejudices that she would be up against.   The same ones that she had fought against since she realized that it hadnt mattered that she lived her whole life with the Indians.   They still saw her white skin, that she had inherited from her dead mother.   They couldnt see the Indian blood running in her, that she had gotten from her father.   To them she was simply an outsider.


	The next morning, Hestia hesitantly opened the front door.    She wasnt sure what she expected to find, but her brother sitting in his office by himself was a shock.   
	Good morning, Hestia.  He said quietly.    
	Zephyr. She said looking quickly around his office.  
	If youre looking for your friend Annabelle, she gone.
	How?
	Do you think that you are the only one with a key to the front door?  He asked her gruffly.
	Well, I- She started, getting nervous.   When he surged to his feet, she stepped back a quick step.   She had never been scared of her brother before but her mother could be right.  She may have pushed him a bit far this time.
	I should shake you, Hestia.  But instead Im gonna give you a sound piece of my mind.   Dont ever try to lock me in again.   It wasnt fair to me or to Annabelle.  Did you know, sister, that she actually came out and told me that she found me attractive?
	No.  Hestia said as she backed up another step.
	Well, she did.   Ive had plenty of women come on to me.  But never like that.  She was upset.
	I didnt mean for that to happen. She said quickly.
	I ended up hurting her. He said quietly.  Without even doing anything.  She saw your note.   Stopping right in front of his sister he pulled her chin up to look at her in the eyes.    I was damned before I even got out of the gate.   If you would have left it alone, Hestia, I would have gone about it the old fashioned way.   I had plans yesterday, big sister.  When Annabelle came in I was going to ask her if I could court her. 
	You were?  She squeaked.  Nodding he released her and turned back towards his desk.
	Yes.   I had a long talk with Mom.    And decided that I should take a chance on it.   Dads views had been clouding my judgement for so long.  I had to decide if it was Dads views or my own feelings towards whites that caused my distrust.  He said as he sat back down.  
	So what are you going to do?  She asked after a few moments of uncomfortable silence. 
	Its not what Im going to do, Hestia.   Its what youre going to do.  He said firmly.   You got me into this mess, and you are going to help me get out of it.

	Hestia stood in front of Annabelles door, holding a chocolate box from Zephyr.   It had been about a week since the night that she had tried her hand at matchmaking.    She had not heard one word from Annabelle.   Until this morning when she had come into work and had found her brother waiting for her.   He had received an order via the internet.   Which was no big deal except for the fact that it had requested Hestia to be the one to deliver it.    When she saw the address, she realized why.   It was Annabelles address.   Taking a deep breath she knocked on the door.   She wasnt prepared for what she saw.   Annabelle was wearing a soft rumpled robe and had her blond hair piled on top of her head.   Annabelles face lit up with a soft smile when she saw the box in Hestias hands.
	My chocolate.  She whispered.   
	Yes.  Hestia said softly. Just dont kill the messenger. She added when she handed the box to her friend.
	Why would I kill you? Annabelle asked as she started prying open the tape holding the top on the box. She found out why when she looked inside the box.  There was only a piece of paper in it.  Frowning she picked it up.   Then she opened it.   After scanning it, the chocolate box hit the floor.  Looking up at her friend, she said.  Wait right there.  Turning she rushed back to her bedroom.  When she came back she was dressed.   Lets go.
	Whats wrong.  Hestia asked as she had to sprint to keep up with her taller friend.
	That bastard is holding my chocolate hostage.   Annabelle said softly.  Doesnt a man know to not come between a woman and her chocolate?

	Zephyr was in the kitchen when he heard the commotion from the lobby. He was not surprised when Hestia came rushing into the kitchen.  
	You deal with her. She told her brother.  Smiling in anticipation, he dried his hands on the towel draped over his shoulder.  
	With pleasure.  He replied heading towards the lobby.  When he stepped in front of the counter, he greedily drunk in the sight of her.   
	Raincloud, I dont know what you are trying to pull, but I want my chocolate.   Annabelle said hotly.  
	Of course, you do.   And you know what to do to get it.  He said with a grin.  She scowled at first and then dug the crumpled note out of her pocket.
	Are you insane? She grouched before throwing his note back at him.  
	Must be.  He countered.  Im trying to take you out on a date.
	You dont date white women.  She protested hotly.  And I happen to be white.   He chuckled and walked around the counter.   He took the time to look her up and down.  From her sneakered feet to her pinned up blond hair, Annabelle felt every second of it.
	That you are Annabelle.   But I still want to take you out.  He said as he stopped just inches from her.
	I dont care if you changed your mind, Raincloud.   All I want is my chocolate.  She said meeting him toe to toe.
	Oh, I think that you want more than chocolate from me.  He said softly.  Then decided that if looks could kill, Annabelle would have a dead Indian at her feet.  If you want your chocolate, Annabelle, you know where to find me and when.  He said softly before escaping into the kitchen.   He chuckled when he heard her soft scream.   Smiling at his sister, he went back to his work table and continued what he had been doing when Annabelle had interrupted his work.
	Why do I have a feeling you didnt give her the chocolate? Hestia asked as she looked warily at the door to the front of the shop.
	Because I didnt.  Zephyr said as he continued frosting the chocolate cupcakes in front of him.
	Oh please tell me you didnt just deny my friend her chocolate?  Hestia said with a deep groan.  You have a serious death wish?
	Well, if she wants my chocolate that bad, shell meet me tonight.  He stated with a grin.  He knew that what he was doing could backfire.  But Annabelle had been a steady customer for almost two years and he was willing to bet that she would meet him.  Even if it was just to get her chocolate fix.

	Annabelle couldnt believe that she was giving into that mans demands.   She had gone as far as going to his competitor.  But it hadnt satisfied her craving.    The caramel brownie that she bought hadnt tasted as delicious as Zephyrs raspberry brownie.   And part of her order was two delicious slices of his raspberry brownies.  The man had better have her chocolate, she fumed.   Or she was going to jump him,  take his keys and help herself to a piece right out of his display case.   Finishing with her hair, she grabbed the denim coat that was on t he coat hook next to the door and let herself out of her apartment.   It was time to go talk to a man about some chocolate.

	Zephyr waited patiently in the parking lot of the Mini-Golf course.   He wasnt sure why he had chosen this particular area to meet.  Hed never played mini-golf in his entire life.   It had to be because his sister had told him that Annabelle loved playing it.   The things that he was going to do for this woman.    He had never seen an Indian play mini-golf before.   But Joseph had said that his cousin, Belle, loved to play it.   In fact the little pipsqueak had given him some hints on playing it.   He watched as Annabelle exited her car.   Excitement raced through his blood.  He didnt care what they did, he thought, as long as they did it together.  

	Annabelle tried not to scowl as she walked towards Zephyr.  But she wasnt in the greatest of moods today.   Not only was she craving chocolate, her traitorous body was calling out for the man waiting for her.   And her heart was rejoicing the thought of spending time with him.     When she got close enough, she noticed that he didnt have her chocolate with him.   Her eyes narrowed.    
	Wheres my chocolate?  She growled.
	Patience, little one.  Zephyr said softly.  I have it.  At the end of our date, youll get it.  Taking a chance, he held out his hand.   Shall we go play some golf?
	Oh, you dont know what you are in for.  She said hotly.  Ill kick youre butt all over the course. 
	Care to make a wager on that? He asked her as they walked into the building.
	A wager?  She whispered, turning towards him. You sure are feeling brave tonight.
	Must be.   So what do you say?   Whats a small wager between friends?  He asked as they walked towards the counter.
	Shall we say, I get an extra piece of chocolate for each hole I win?  She asked with an arched eyebrow.
	Hmmm, he said as if thinking about it.   He figured that she would want more chocolate.  Okay thats fine.   You want to do it hole by hole, then I get an hour of your services for each hole I win.   
	An hour?  In exchange for a measly piece of chocolate?   Annabelle scoffed.   Picking out her club, she smiled at the boy behind the counter.  After paying for their games, Zephyr picked his own club.
	Okay how about this, half hour for each hole and if I win the game I get a kiss at the end of our date.  He countered.
	You really do believe in living dangerously.  And what do I get if I win?  She said as they entered the course.  Setting her ball down, she lined it up for the first shot.
	What do you want?  He asked 
	Okay, I want you to make the dessert for a party Im throwing next month.
	A party.   Hmm, I can do that.  But do  you think that a mere kiss is worth a dessert for a party.  Talk about unequal.  He said as he walked up behind her.
	Those are the shakes, Zephyr. She said as she measured the distance between her ball and the hole.
	 Alright then.  Do we have a wager?   He whispered into her ear.   Annabelle froze as pleasure ran down her spine.   Being tall as him, he hadnt even had to bend to do it.   This man was dangerous to her peace of mind.
	Yes. She said quickly, stepping away from him.  
	Alright then, lets start.  He said with grin and wink.   

	By the time they had reached the eighteenth hole,   Annabelle wondered what she had let herself in for.   Either Zephyr had beginners luck or someone had coached him on the pitfalls of each hole.   She was only head of him by one stroke and he had won seven of last seventeen holes.    As she figured it would been near even draw, if he won this hole.  Considering that it was the hardest hole in the entire course, she knew that she had better chance at winning.   As long as he sink this hole in one, she should be able to pull out the win.   As she lined up her shot, she was conscious of the fact that he was standing close by.   Telling herself not to get distracted, she swung the club back and hit the ball soundly.    When it landed exactly where she wanted, she gave a little squeal of pleasure.    Moving aside she watched as he lined up his shot.   When he gave it a strong stroke that landed the ball right next to hers, she growled.   He had blocked her shot!    Turning she glared at him.    Which was totally lost on him since he was already heading toward the cup.   
	You blocking my shot. She told him hotly.
	Im just scoring up all kinds of points tonight.  Zephyr said with a wink.  
	Ill show you scoring points, she said elbowing him out of her way.   Rubbing his side where she had elbowed him, he smiled.    He decided that he must be getting under her skin.   The little vixen had squabbled the entire time that they had been playing.   Hopefully the chocolate that he had waiting would sweeten her disposition.   Not that he didnt still find her as enchanting in this mood as he did her groaning in ecstasy mood when she was eating his chocolate.   He smiled happily when she over shot the cup by two feet.     If he remembered correctly, Joseph had told him on the last hole, less was more.    The green up to the hole was inclining but just six inches before the hole it had a step decline.   Hit the ball to hard and it flew over the cup.   Just like Annabelles had.   Taking careful aim he gave the ball just enough nudge to get it up the incline to the cup.    It slowed as it reached the peak and then rolled quickly down the decline and landed in a thud in the cup.   
	I cant believe that you sunk that!  Annabelle said fiercely.   
	Beginners luck.  He said with a smile.   But dont worry Annabelle, if you sink it this time, youll still win.    And get ten extra pieces of chocolate to boot.  He said stepping closer to as she lined up her shot.   Leaning in, he smiled wickedly.  What he was about to do wasnt fair play at all.  But who ever said he played fair.   Hmm, you smell good, little one, wonder if youll taste just as good.  He breathed into her ear as she swung her club.    And as expected her ball careened into the pole and bounced back, landing two inches from the hole.   
	Zephyr, that wasnt nice.  She said as she walked back over to her ball. 
	And you assumed that I played fair.  He said huskily as he picked her up and set her on the railing next to the course.
	And what exactly do you think you are doing?  She asked.     
	Thinking about claiming my prize?  He said with a raised eyebrow.
	But were not done playing!  She protested.
	It wont matter if you sink the ball on this stroke, little one.    To win the game you had to sink it on the first shot and  I had to go over.     Hell to even tie the game up you would have had to sink that last shot.  He said as he lowered his head.   Annabelles dark eyes widened as she watched him come closer.
	But the wager was at the end of the date! she said wildly.  Zephyr narrowed his eyes then smiled.  
	So it was.  He said as he released her.  
	As they walked out of the building, Zephyr stared at the starry night.  He had never had so much fun in his life.    
	You know I had a real good time tonight, Annabelle.   He told her as they approached her car.  
	Not bad for a white girl, huh?  She asked, leaning against her car.  So wheres my chocolate?  She demanded.
	I figured you start demanding it.  Zephyr said with a smile.  Its at my shop. 
	You didnt bring it with you? She said shocked.
	No.  I didnt want it to melt.
	So lets go to your shop, so I can get my chocolate and go home.
	I dont think so, he said placing an arm on either side of her, effectively pinning her to the car.
	You promised!
	Youll get your chocolate, but you wont be going home yet.  You owe me four hours of paperwork.
	I cant believe that you are going to hold me to that! She wailed.
	Why did you agree to the wager then?  Zephyr asked as he nuzzled the side of her neck.
	The chocolate made me do it!   She cried.  
	And you thought you could whip the pants off me, right?  He said as drew closer to her ear.
	Yes. She moaned.   
	Then next time be careful what you wager.  He whispered into her ear.  Because I always collect.   She gasped and lifted her hands to his shoulders as goose bumps ran across her flesh.   Who had ever thought that her ear was that sensitive?     

	Annabelle sat down behind Zephyrs desk and looked at the paperwork that had piled up again.   How had she managed to land herself back here again, and did the man ever do his paperwork?   Zephyr leaned against the door frame and watched as she took the first paper she saw.    He frowned at first.    It was one of his handwritten recipe cards.    He watched as she placed it with the other cards.   When she looked up, she saw his puzzled stare.
	What?  You wanted me to do this.  She said
	I know.   Still not placing what was bothering him, he brought over a piece of fudge to her.  Here you go.  He watched as she snatched it up and devoured it.
	
	When she had finally plowed through all the paperwork on his desk, Annabelle realized that she had only worked off an hour of her wager.   Sighing she decided that she would just have to grin and bare the other three hours.   And not wager against the man again.     Speaking of man, where had he run off to?  She wondered.   Standing she decided to go and investigate. 

	Zephyr was waiting for Annabelle to finish.    Standing at his work table he mixed another batch of fudge up.   His double Dutch chocolate fudge had been selling well lately.     Flying off the shelves in fact.   Smiling he poured it into the waiting pan.    And thats how Annabelle found him.    Walking up behind him she couldnt help but reach around his arm and run her finger over the edge of the bowl.   Zephyr stilled and watched in amazement as the finger returned again and stole some more.   
	Do you know what I do to little thieves?  He asked as he slowly turned around after setting the bowl on the counter.
	What? Annabelle asked with a grin after sucking the rest of the chocolate off her finger.   He growled low in his throat before yanking her into his arms.    
	In your case, you have to kiss the cook. he said as he lowered his head towards hers.   She gasped when she felt the warmth of his lips settle on hers.   Who would have thought that he would have been such a wonderful kisser, she thought.    He obviously didnt adhere to the old traditions of not kissing.    When her lips parted on a sigh and she wrapped one arm around his neck, he thrust his tongue into her mouth to tangle with hers.   By the time that they came up for air they were both breathing raggedly.   
	Zephyrus. she moaned softly.  
	I know. he growled as he bent his head for more.   She tasted of his chocolate and something even more tantalizing under it.   It was her own unique flavor he decided as he delved farther into her mouth.     Before long they were plastered against each other.   Even knowing that it was going to far, to fast, couldnt stop the headlong rush of desire that filled him.     When he slid his hand down to her bottom to pull her closer to his need filled loins, she arched into him.    Pulling his head away for air, he looked down into her passion filled eyes.  Groaning he turned and lifted her onto the table behind him.    If youre going to stop me, Annabelle, you have to do it now.  He gasped as he fought with the intense desire that he barely had control over.
	Who said anything about stopping? She groaned reaching for him again.  With a groan he snatched her up off the counter and carried her into his office.  Kicking the door shut behind him, he carried her over to his desk.    Sitting her in the chair he knelt between her feet.   Leaning in he captured her lips again.   Annabelle groaned as pleasure shot through her once more.   Reaching behind his neck she toyed with the thong that held his hair back.    When she tugged on it, he stilled.   Lifting his head he stared into her eyes.   Zephyr had never made love before with his hair unbound.    In his eyes only his mate had the right to untie his hair.  Not even Hestia had ever untied it.     After a moment, he closed his eyes.  And made his decision.  
	Go  ahead. Untie it. he told her then groaned with pleasure as she did.   Annabelle murmured her approval at the silkiness of his hair between her fingers.  The mans hair was longer than her own waist length hair.    
	Oh my. She whispered as she threaded her fingers through his hair.   Zephyr groaned, low and long at the sensation of having his hair played with.   Leaning in he captured her mouth under his once more.   She gasped and tried to wiggle closer.   Growling he pushed her legs up and over the arms of the chair.  And placed his hard bulge against her femininity and started to rub.   Annabelle stilled and then grasped tightly at his shoulders.   Zephyrus?  She gasped uncertain.
	Shh.  Itll be alright.  He whispered as he ran his mouth down her throat.  Pausing to suckle on her shoulder, he couldnt resist leaving a love mark.    Pulling back he looked at it with satisfaction   Any man that saw it would realize at once that she was taken.   He watched with pleasure as she arched under him as he continued to rub against her.   Reaching down he started to slowly peel the shirt that she wore up to reveal her luscious breasts.   He growled when he saw that she wasnt wearing any undergarment.   Pretty.  He whispered.  
	Im small. She said as she tried to pull her shirt back down.   She stopped when she felt his hands on hers.  
	No perfect.  He said as leaned down to nuzzle one peak and then the other.    Reaching behind him, he yanked his shirt up and over his head.    Then tossing it on the floor, he leaned forward and rubbed his chest across hers.  They both groaned at the pleasure of skin meeting skin.   Annabelle panted as Zephyr rubbed his golden skin against her pale skin.    The contrast was erotic as hell.   Pulling her legs off the arms of the chair, Zephyr coiled them around his hips.   Still rubbing against her he growled.   Damn I want you. 
	Oh please, she gasped rocking back against him. 
	Oh yes, he whispered against her ear.   I want you to let go, Annabelle.  Its to soon for total intimacy.  But let me give you this. He coaxed as he continued to rub back and forth against her aroused body.
	Zephyr, please, She whispered.  I ache.
	I know, let me take care of that.   He said huskily as he bent back to her tight nipples.     Toying with the button on her jeans, he debated on stripping the clinging denim down her long legs.   And decided that he couldnt resist.   Nothing said that he had to complete their intimacy.      Untangling her legs from his hips, he pulled them back to their previous position.  Trailing his fingers over the damp denim at the junction of her thighs, he rubbed softly.    Looking up at her he captured her dazed eyes.  
	Can I take these off, Annabelle?  He asked as he tugged on the closure of her jeans.  
	Yes, please.  She gasped lifting her hips to help him pull of her confining jeans.    When he finally had them pulled down around her ankles, she kicked them off.   Shoving her legs back up on the arms of chairs, he growled before leaning forward and burying his face in her fragrant curls.    She went rigid when she felt the wet probe of his tongue.  This was totally out of her experience.  Even though she had been raised to be a modern woman, her family still valued chastity.   She had never even attempted to be this close to an aroused male.   And knew that she would never be this close again.    She knew that he didnt love her, but like her mother before her, she was going to give her body to the only man that had ever stirred her passions.   Please.  She gasped as the coil wound tighter inside of her.  She knew that it wouldnt take much to make her peak.   She may have been a virgin but she was far from innocent. Lifting his head he smiled rakishly at her.
	I intend to. He whispered as loosened his jeans.   When his manhood sprang forward, Annabelle gasped.   She had never seen a man up close before.  Pictures and videos were a pale comparison to the reality of Zephyrus Raincloud aroused cock.    It was swollen with passion, its tip gleaming with a bead of moisture.    Taking his manhood in hand, he gently rubbed it up and down against her.    When she cried out and arched into him, he gritted his teeth.  He had promised himself that he wouldnt take advantage of her.   His honor demanded that he court her properly.   And total intimacy wasnt an option at this time.   Resting his hips against hers he slowly rubbed his erection through her curls and smiled savagely at her moan.   Thats right, Annabelle.   Come for me.  He whispered into her ear.   She twisted helplessly against him as she felt the end coming.    Damn, she felt like she was going to jump out of her skin.   Whimpering she pulled his head back down to hers.   Fastening her mouth on his she buried her fingers in his tousled hair.   Tensing, she fought the need to climax.   She didnt want to be alone.   This would be the first time that another had ever made her come and she didnt want to be alone.   She needed him to be with her.   
	Zephyr, please.  Not alone.  She gasped as she edged closer to coming. 
	Shh, little one its alright. He whispered as he coaxed her ever closer.
	Not without you. She protested. 
	Let go, little one.  He coaxed.   Ill catch you.   Moving back slightly he ran his thumb through her drenched curls and pressed against her hard bump.   
	Zephyrus! She gasped hotly as her orgasm poured over her. 
	Thats right little one, its me thats giving you this.  Zephyr gasped as he continued to rub himself against her thigh.   He was so close that he was unprepared for Annabelle to push him hard enough that he tumbled backwards under his desk.     
	Gasping with excitement, Annabelle knew that this was her opportunity to make love to Zephyr.    Before he could sort himself out, she pounced on him.  Straddling his hips she raised up and slowly inserted the head of his wet cock in her.
	No. Annabelle!  He protested hotly.  
	Let me.  She gasped as she eased another inch inside of her.   

	Zephyr groaned as he felt the wet heat surround the head of his cock.   Between being half under the desk and the fact that his jeans had fallen down to his knees, he couldnt even crawl out from under the desk.    
	Little one, not yet.  He protested as he felt her ease another inch of him inside of her.  
	I want you, Zephyrus.   I need you inside of me.  Annabelle gasped as she forced another inch inside of her.   She gasped as she felt him butt up against the fragile barrier of her innocence.   
	Youre a virgin!  He groaned.   Not like this Annabelle.     
	I have to.   Annabelle pleaded as his hands wrapped around her hips tightly.   Pushing uselessly at his strong hold she wiggled trying to get more of him in her.
	I dont have a condom, Annabelle.  You could end up pregnant.   I cant protect you.
	I dont care. She said as she reached behind her and lightly cupped his semen filled balls.  Letting her fingers drift below them, she gently rubbed the area directly behind them.   She had been told that it was the most sensitive spot on a mans body.   It must be to, she thought, as Zephyrus growled and lifted her off him.  Crying out in protest she was unprepared for him to yank her back down as hard as he could.   As he met her with an upward thrust, he broke cleanly though her barrier.   
	Fine.   But be prepared for the consequences, He rasped as he started raising and lowering her on him.     He gasped as pleasure ran through him.    Annabelle moaned happily as her body finally accepted the delicious length of him inside of her.   Moving her hips slowly, she met the slow surge of Zephyrs hips.  She could tell that it wouldnt last long by the way that he was groaning under her.   The thought of him exploding inside of her fertile womb was enough to make her teeter on the edge of another orgasm.    Whimpering, she started bouncing more forcibly on him.     Annabelle, Im gonna come. he panted.  You need to stop, let me pull out.  He pleaded.   
	Oh, Im gonna come again, She whispered as she started to tremble on top of him.
	Yes, little one, come.   Then pull off me.  He gasped as he fought to hang on long enough to let her finish.
	Yes! she squealed as her orgasm raced through her lower body.  Zephyr started tensing as he felt her warm sheath spasm around him.   His own climax was eminent and he fought it as hard as he could. 
	Now, little one, now.  He said as he tried to push her off his close-to-exploding cock.
	No, she protested. Fill me.  She pleaded as he fought to control his response.   
	Annabelle, you dont know what youre asking. He growled.
	Yes, I do.  If I cant have anything else, please give me this. She coaxed.
	Hell. He growled, unable to deny her.  Annabelle!!!! he roared as his seed exploded out of him.   
	Yes.  She squealed as felt the warmth of his seed hit her womb.

	Annabelle sat on the edge of her bed and watched as Zephyr paced back and forth.   He was going to wear a path in her carpet if he didnt stop soon.
	Are you sure you are okay? he asked for the millionth time.
	Yes.
	Theres no choice, Annabelle.  We have to get married.  He said finally, coming to a stop in front of her.
	Do you love me, Zephyrus? Annabelle asked softly.
	What does that have to do with us getting married?  He asked puzzled.
	Everything.  Annabelle said sadly.  I wont marry you without it. She finished.  So its time for you to leave. 
	Were not done here. Zephyr said hotly.
	Yes, we are. She said sadly.   We were done before we even got started. 