Walking After Midnight Ch. 01
by RicknCenFl

Woman fulfills fantasy about being naked in public.

Tina is a thirty-one-year-old nurse. She works the 3:00pm to 11:00pm shift at a hospital. She likes to exercise and walk in her quiet neighborhood when she gets home. She is too wired from work to go to sleep immediately. Later, she can get to sleep around 2:00am or 3:00am. She wakes up midmorning to the 'normal' part of her life.

Although Tina is tall, trim, and fit with good looks, she would never be a model. She is 'big boned' -- not overweight, but strong and healthy, which tends to make normal sized guys uncomfortable. She lives alone and likes it that way. Not having a roommate allows her the freedom to not worry about what she is or isn't wearing. Sometimes she does her housework in the nude. It feels comfortable and a little naughty.

One morning she sat down for breakfast and turned on her tablet. She had watched a documentary on Discovery Channel yesterday morning. She clicked on the icon and as it opened, there was a trailer for "Naked and Afraid" playing. That piqued her interested and she Googled the show. The idea of being naked outside was a bit of a turn on for her. She watched a couple of episodes on her tablet.

Afterwards she kept thinking about being out in the open with no clothing; having people look at her. Feeling wicked, she used her vibrator later that morning and had a fantasy orgasm of being nude in public. She imagined the people were clothed and watching her masturbate.

Tina had a close friend at work. They had known each other since high school. It was the friend that she could tell everything to. She revealed she had watched the show and felt turned on. Feeling a little embarrassed, she didn't share her imaginary thoughts about being watched Jilling off.

"Who doesn't feel sexual looking at naked people?" Her friend asked rhetorically.

"It wasn't other naked people. It was me imagining I was naked," she replied.

"You imagined you were naked, and others weren't?"

Tina blushed slightly. "Yes. They were dressed and I was nude. I was the only one with no clothes."

"And that turned you on?" Her friend asked.

"It did. I guess I'm an exhibitionist."

"Well honey, If I looked like you, I'd show it off too," her friend joked.

Tina smiled but didn't respond. She wasn't sure if she could ever make that dream a reality.

The desire stuck in her mind, and she played with different scenarios. One night she decided to go out in her backyard. She grabbed her vibrator and wrapped a towel around her nudity. Standing on her patio, she loosened the towel and dropped it on a lounger. It felt delightful to be au natural.

The temperature was in the mid-seventies and the moon was full. She could clearly see the entire backyard, which was surrounded by tall hedges. That meant any of her neighbors who were looking could possibly see her, but she would be unable to see them. She was excited at the remote possibility of being seen and at the same time frightened a little bit.

She spread her towel and reclined on the lounger. Looking up at the stars and bright moon, she allowed her fingers to wander over her exposed skin. Toying with her nipples, she brought them to full erection. She felt moisture as she became fully aroused. The buzzing of the vibrator seemed tremendously loud when she first turned it on.

'Get a grip girl. It's 2:00am. Nobody hears it but you.' She thought. 'But wouldn't it be enjoyable if someone did and came out to investigate. I would be laying here with my legs spread, pumping my vibrator in and out...'

Tina came at the thought of a neighbor 'catching' her in the act. It was one of the fastest orgasms she could remember as an adult. She lay enjoying the afterglow of her quickie. The vibrator tickled her nipples and then Tina moved it back down to her labia majora. On a whim she inserted it deeply and was caught off guard at how good it still felt.

Her mind drifted back to the fantasy neighbor watching... now there were two. The man had called a woman out. They were both openly staring at her use of the vibrator and whispering to each other. In her mind, they seemed to be enjoying her display... maybe even aroused by it. Yes, she pictured the woman stroking his now-erect cock. He was fondling her breast. They were giggling.

Tina felt a second more intense orgasm from her imaginary gawkers. It lasted longer than usual and left her gasping for breath. When she had powerful orgasms, the contractions would normally push a small amount of lubricant out. This time she squirted some on the inside of her thigh. 'Wow,' she thought. 'This is intense.'

As reality settled its' cloud of normality on her, she resisted the urge to run back inside. She lay on her lounger reliving the invented encounter and feeling giddy. For the next several weeks she used her backyard in the evening for a variety of encounters in her mind. She always had powerful O's and her imagination created ever more complex scenarios. The ejaculation of lubricant was becoming her 'new' normal.

One Saturday around midday she was out catching some sun in a bikini. She began fantasizing about being watched, which aroused her. She scanned the hedge and was surprised to discover, her twenty-something married neighbor looking at her. She let her eyes move past him. Since he didn't move or speak, she assumed he believed he was hidden from her view. She assessed this as being a low-risk opportunity to carry her budding exhibitionism a step further. She leaned forward and unfastened her top. With her heart pounding in her ears, she slipped the top away from her breasts. Her nipples became hard from the coolness.

She heard the bushes rustle and moved her eyes around the hedge again, noticing he had leaned in a little further. He still seemed to believe he hadn't been noticed. Tina casually reached for her Hawaiian Tropic sunscreen and squeezed some on her hand. After wiping her hands together, she cupped both breasts and began to slowly, sensually rub it in. It was arousing and exciting in the extreme. She wasn't absolutely sure, but it appeared her neighbor was rubbing himself or jerking off. There was steady movement in the bushes below his waist.

Tina decided to up her game a bit more. She locked her eyes on his. At first, he didn't seem to notice, but after several seconds he leaned further forward and made eye contact. He was jerking off, which was now obvious, although his cock wasn't visible. Neither said anything. Tina slid her right hand down the front of her bikini bottoms. With one hand tweaking her nipples and the other her wet clit, she was quickly soaring towards an orgasm.

Part of her wanted to strip off the last piece of clothing and openly masturbate for her voyeur. Before she built up the courage, he ejaculated. She giggled because she never saw his cock. Cum spurted out from the bush, as he groaned. Shortly afterwards he vanished in the leaves. She had her orgasm in the house. It was phenomenal.

Another few weeks passed with a great deal of fantasy and little activity. Clothes were rarely worn at home. She sunbathed and fantasized. One morning she found an online video of a young woman, walking a city street somewhere in Germany. It was daytime and she was nonchalantly strolling nude on the sidewalk, among clothed people. Men and women stopped and gaped, but she appeared oblivious to their scrutiny.

Tina was mesmerized by the scenario. She wondered, 'Could I do that?' It was so erotic; it became her primary jill-off dream. At work, walking down a corridor, she would imagine herself naked. 'What would they say or do?'

Ultimately, after several weeks of almost obsessive mental rehearsals, she decided she 'had' to walk around the neighborhood naked. It was late spring, and the nights were pleasant. She began by wearing less and less clothing while taking her early morning strolls. Finally, she went out wearing nothing but a robe. 'Have you seen a brown tabby cat?' was going to be her fall back excuse. During this time, she rarely saw anyone and was never herself seen. She decided it was time to lose the robe. She waited till 3:00am to leave the house.

---

Russ is a fireman / paramedic and fitness buff. He lives in a rental home in a quiet neighborhood. There was a roommate for a couple of years, but he left town. Russ likes having the house to himself and hasn't looked for a replacement. He converted that bedroom into a mini gym.

This past summer he made an impulsive trip to Key West for a week of SCUBA diving. It turned out in his haste; he had made the reservation at one of the Keys' 'clothing optional' hotels. He decided to go ahead anyway. There were families, couples, and singles. Everyone was completely comfortable in their nudity. It was surprisingly non-sexual. The other guests were pleasant, and he found he really liked the lifestyle. Now he rarely wears clothes at home and likes to workout naked in his home gym.

The weird 24 hour shifts at work means when he's off, he sleeps when tired. He often works out and/or writes through the entire night. He wants to be a novelist and has received some encouragement from a retired uncle who was in publishing. He was expecting a review of a short story draft. It always took time because his uncle reviewed 'old school,' with paper and pencil. The uncle had called him a few days ago and said he had 'mailed' the edited piece and it "looked great.' Russ was working out at 3:00am and remembered he hadn't checked the mailbox when he had gotten home. Since it was the middle of the night, he headed out to the mailbox with just a towel wrapped around his neck. As he reached the curb, he heard a female voice.

"Oh! I didn't see you coming out." Tina exclaimed.

Russ looked up to see a striking woman, almost as tall as him. The young lady was naked, graceful, and more surprised than self-conscious. She stood with her hands by her side, making no attempt to hide her nudity.

"Good morning! I was checking my mail and obviously didn't expect to run in to anyone at this time of the night. My apologies for interrupting your walk." Russ said tactfully. He expected she would mumble something and make a hasty exit. She didn't.

"Good morning to you as well. I'm Tina. I live around the corner on Pinecrest. Do you often check your mail with no clothes on?" She said with false coyness, then smiled.

"Not when I expect to meet someone... no. But then I expect that would be your explanation also," he responded easily.

"Yes, it would be if the neighbor was clothed. But in this case, I'm going to admit it's a pleasure to see you," Tina said. Her thoughts were quite different. 'Why are you flirting with this naked stranger?'

"The pleasure is all mine. I assure you," Russ said smiling back.

Neither one said anything for thirty seconds or so. Russ didn't want to break the spell that was keeping this beauty fully exposed to his eyes. She was tall, maybe five feet, ten, he guessed. She had relatively short hair and perky breasts. Her smile was genuine and radiant. He marveled at how toned her body was -- not muscular but not an ounce of fat.

Tina was buzzing. She was fully exposed and loving the intensity of his gaze. He wasn't taking furtive glances. He was full-on staring at her with roving eyes. She was on exhibit, and it was very sexual. She wanted him to keep looking. It didn't feel demeaning to be objectified. It felt hot!

Fearing she might grow tired of his lecherous gawking, he said, "Would you like a cup of coffee? I have a pot Starbucks whole bean brewing."

"Yes, I would love a cup of coffee," she replied. He was a muscular hunk with short hair. He had a nice package. His chest and balls were groomed, and she liked the smooth look. His prominent six-pack highlighted a flat stomach. She was thrilled that he wanted to continue looking at her and felt no shame. She was turned on and felt moist.

She followed him up the driveway to the front door. His brawny ass had no sag... at all. He had no hair on his back or butt. He was absolutely gorgeous and desirable. 'He must be married or dating,' Tina thought sadly. 'Why would he be asking me in for coffee if there was a significant other? Because all men are pigs! Jesus, you're not looking to get married. Enjoy his attention. You want him to look, and he is! Plus, he's easy on the eyes as well.' She decided.

They sat in at a small breakfast table in the kitchen. He served the coffee. "I must have seen you around the neighborhood. You look familiar," he said. "Where do you work?"

"You're familiar to me also, but I'm not really out during the day. I work at the hospital in the ER," she replied.

"That's it! I'm a paramedic. I recognize your eyes, from the hospital. What with masks and gowns, that's all I've really seen... until now." He said warmly with an easy smile.

"True, I generally have a bit more on when I'm at work," she said, returning the smile.

They fell into easy conversation about work and their lives up to the present. After a half hour, they began to talk about more intimate issues. Russ talked about his Key West nudism encounter and Tina revealed her growing interest in exhibitionism. Based on his acceptance of her 'secret,' she ultimately shared her masturbation fantasy.

"Your fantasy of having someone watch you masturbate is really erotic," he declared. "The idea of it is turning me on."

"Are you suggesting..." She started to ask.

"I'm not pushing an agenda. It's your fantasy. I just think it's hot," he interrupted.

"How hot is it?" She grinned.

"Since you asked," He stood up and exposed a full, hard erection, which had been hiding under the table. "This is embarrassing. But obviously I would love to watch you jill off. But listen, you shouldn't feel any coercion from me. I can sit back down and change the subject. I'm really enjoying talking to you."

Tina felt a rush of excitement. 'This is my chance to fulfill that fantasy. Should I? What will he think? I'm enjoying his company and wouldn't want to scare him off. Would he freak out? His cock says he wants it. But he seems hesitant. Listen to the cock!'

"I'm enjoying talking with you too. I want to have the experience, but I'm worried you will think it's too weird," she confessed.

"You've flipped my switch, as my cock indicates. I don't think your fantasy qualifies as 'weird.' I would feel honored that you already trust me enough to be that open with me. So, if you want to do it, I want to be the one to watch. I won't do anything but look at you."

"OK," she replied.

"You'll do it? That's great. Do you need anything?"

"Maybe something more comfortable to sit on?" She asked.

"There's a comfortable sofa in the living room. Follow me," He said enthusiastically.

Russ lead the way. Tina enjoyed seeing his cock rolling around as he walked quickly. He reached into a bathroom on the way and pulled a towel out, as he passed. The sofa was leather. Tina sat down after Russ laid the towel out and it was indeed comfortable. He turned a chair around to face the sofa and plopped down. His cock rocked back and forth as he settled. Sitting quietly, he didn't touch himself. He placed his elbows on the arms of the chair and smiled expectantly.

'Oh shit! I got what I asked for. Now what?' Tina thought. At first, she closed her eyes, but then she decided that was almost like fantasizing someone watching you. She needed to watch the watcher - see his reaction to her sexual actions. She opened her eyes and locked on to Russ's gaze. When she grasped each nipple between a thumb and index finger, he leaned forward. She gently pulled and toyed with each until they were both firm. He smiled and licked his lips.

'I can't believe she's going to masturbate while I watch. This is one of the most mentally erotic things I've ever done. I'm not sure I can keep my hand off my cock. I wonder if she would be all right with me jerking.' Russ thought.

"How would you feel about me masturbating, while I watch?" He asked.

"If you want, but I'd like to watch that with my full attention. I've never seen a guy jerk himself off. I mean, I've given hand-jobs and other sexual favors, but never been a spectator." She explained.

"I'll wait. You go first," he replied quickly. 'God damn. This is so fucking hot, I may cum without touching myself.' He thought.

Tina was pleased with Russ's response. She liked that he was willing to forego immediate sexual gratification and focus on her. And focusing on her was exactly what he was doing. His eye contact was piercing, and he continued to lean forward in his chair. She continued to play with her tits, until her nipples were so hard, they stung a little. She planned to take her time and enjoy the process, but it was going to be difficult. Being on 'display' was so sexually energizing for her, it was hard to concentrate on anything but an immediate orgasm.

She knew if she touched her muff, it would be hard to keep her fingers out. She decided to do some stretches. Bringing her right knee up to her chest with her hands cupped under her thigh, she stretched the calf out until her leg was straight. Then with her toe pointed, she moved the extended leg out to the side. This opened her labia majora, which became Russ's sole point of attention. When her heel touched down, she allowed it to remain stretched to the right. She repeated the stretch with her left leg. When it rested on the floor, Russ was getting a view only her gynecologist had faced. He was entranced.

For several minutes she only toyed with her nipples and gently stroked her thigh. Despite the minimal physical stimulation, she was getting increasingly turned on by the act of exposure. Tina savored the look of lust on Russ's face... the attention. She liked having a sort of control over him, but it was the attention that floated her boat. She adored the attention.

After a few more minutes, she noticed Russ was wet. His cock was receiving no manual stimulation, but there was a long thread of pre-cum hanging from the tip. Previous drops were glistening on his thigh. She thought, 'The voyeur in you is as freakin' turned on as the exhibitionist in me.' Winking at him, she smiled.

'I'm not sure I can keep my hand off myself. My cock is so hard it almost hurts. Part of me thinks this is too much of a tease, and I should just go boink her. The other half would like to watch this all day. She is so fucking sexy.' Russ thought.

Tina gradually moved her hand from the outward side of her thigh to the inward. She traced her fingers up and over the outside of her sex. It felt like her fingertips were shooting sparks and her vagina clinched. It took a significant amount of control to move her fingers back down to her thigh. She let go of her nipples and moved both hands to rest on either thigh. They moved in concert up and around her labia majora. Her index fingers trailed in the middle and just inside the outer lips.

Over the next several minutes, she repeated this motion slowly. Russ thought, 'excruciatingly slow.' Each time she moved fractionally deeper with her index fingers. She quickly struck moisture and spread it over the outer lips. Her 'public territory' gleamed from it in the light of the lamp. That caught Russ's eye and he groaned with anticipation and pleasure.

Eventually, Tina's fingers were probing deeply inside her inner lips, as they slowly moved up the vaginal opening. She was glad Russ had put a towel out because she was leaking from her excitement. For a while she steadily moved with slightly more speed and depth. Russ was producing an almost constant stream of pre-cum and his cock was a dark red -- almost purple.

After almost a fifteen minutes, she put her left finger on her clit and the right was buried in her juicy love canal. She picked up speed with her stimulation, circling one finger and probing deeply with the other. She began to moan in expectation and lust, spreading her legs even further apart.

Russ wanted desperately to stroke himself. But he knew if he touched himself, he would cum immediately. Instead, he whispered, "I see you."

Tina came with an intensity she had only experienced when using a vibrator. She convulsed in ecstasy. Fluid squirted out on the towel... much more than previously. She shamelessly let herself be carried through the orgasm without censoring her facial expressions or the sounds she was making. She grimaced, whimpered, threw her head back, cried out, and finally began laughing with joy. She had exposed her most intimate self to an 'almost' stranger and it was an amazing ride.

"Wow!" Russ observed. "Just holy fucking wow! I've never seen a woman ejaculate before. That was the wildest, sexiest, rawest, most amazing fucking thing I've ever seen!"

"I think so too," Tina smiled. "It was almost transcendental. I can't describe how awesome it felt. Your eyes were so penetrating; it was like I could feel them on my body. I think I've found a new hobby." She laughed, "Now I believe it's your turn."

Russ had so much pre-cum on his cock, balls, and upper thighs, he briefly excused himself to get another towel. He was still hard when he came back.

"How do you want me to do it?" He asked.

"You're the exhibitionist this time. You do what you want. I'm just the voyeur watching your private behavior." She replied.

Russ knew what he wanted to do but wasn't sure he could ask. Tina saw the hesitance. She sat with a pleasant smile on her face and waited for him to make up his mind. He saw the calm smile and thought about how she had trusted him. He decided to go for it.

"I've had a fantasy about being caught jerking off. So, I'd like you to watch from the kitchen and then scold me like a girlfriend for 'going solo,' instead of doing you." He said while looking at the floor.

She waited for him to look up before she responded. "I love it. Let's do it." She stood up and walked over to the door to the kitchen.

Russ was relieved she hadn't dismissed his role play. He sat down on the sofa after placing his towel over hers and looked around to make sure he was 'alone'. He needed to take his time because he remained remarkably close to orgasm. He stroked slowly while keeping an eye out for his 'girlfriend'. She would be pissed if she caught him.

Tina was fascinated with Russ's fantasy. He was incorporating the element of risk into his exhibitionistic role play in a safe way. He had a lovely cock and she had never seen so much pre-cum. But that was because her experience with hand-jobs was getting to orgasm as quickly as possible. Russ was taking his time and she was captivated by every juicy stroke.

Despite his plan to take it slowly, the knowledge that Tina was watching him was overwhelmingly erotic. His pace quickened and he fondled his balls. His entire pubic area was slick with pre-cum. He massaged it around his scrotum and even behind his sack on his perineum. Sometimes he liked fingering his ass, when jerking off. But he wasn't comfortable going there with Tina present.

'Watching is almost as fun as being watched,' Tina thought. She was especially intrigued with his ball play. She hadn't been with any guy who explored their body the way Russ was. She was getting turned on again and began rubbing herself gently.

Russ was getting close and moved his hand in long rapid strokes. Spreading his legs, he pulled out on his scrotum. His first shot hit him in the face. Tina moved out into the living room and watched as Russ shot cum on his face, neck, chest, and stomach.

"What the fuck are you doing?" She screeched, standing in front of him with her hands on her hips.

Russ was shocked. He hadn't expected Tina to take the role play so energetically. He was temporarily at a loss for words. He looked at his cum-covered body and felt jizz dripping off his face. He looked at Tina and shrugged with a smile.

"You think this is funny? I'm laying up in the bed naked, waiting on you to come rock me. You're out here jerking off, like some teenager." She said stamping her foot.

Russ loved the way her breasts jiggled when she moved. "I, uh, I watched this video of a beautiful woman masturbating. She was tall and strong with a beautiful face. I couldn't help myself. I'm sorry."

"You should be. I would have given you the real thing. I would make love to you," she replied.

They were both quiet for a moment. Tina thought, 'Oops, did I just say that out loud.'

At the same time Russ was thinking, 'That sounded real. Was she still in role?'

"I really should get home. It will be daylight soon," Tina said.

"I wish you could stay. I want to spend more time with you," Russ responded.

"Me too. But I've got to get some sleep. Thanks for listening. It was wonderful," she gushed.

"Would you like to go out for dinner sometime... soon?"

She smiled, "Yes I would."

"I also know a state park where we could hike au natural." He suggested.

"Why would you ever think that might appeal to me?" She beamed.
