Chapter 9

Work had been completed on the carrier for the LCACs to use. They had loaded four into the ship and that was its limit. Having space for troops was still needed in the ship. It was the attack ship and would always be the most vulnerable. There were no aircraft on it and the guns were just a few machine guns along the sides. There were two at the ramp when it was down to provide cover fire. John had found and rebuilt a few slicks to assure medical evacuations. But other than having side mounted machine guns they were not armed. 

As the ships loaded people watched from the docks and parks along the harbor. It was an impressive sight to those watching. Much of the staff was already on the ship and waiting for time to sail. There was no gay mood in the quarters and it was not a happy time for any on the ship. War is just not a time to celebrate for those going to fight. It was a time of refection and worry about things outside of your control.

Most troops were down to cleaning weapons and getting ready to try to stay alive. It was no time for not being focused. The staff knew they had 30 day cycles where for 3 days communication was possible. So for 72 hours the air would be flowing both ways with information. Then there would be silence for the next 27 days. That was going to drive both Carlton and John nuts. 

The last of the rapist were now returned to the islands and traffic was now picking back up at the docks. The down time had been good, as it had allowed maintenance to be done on wells and the refining plant. Much had been done with the LNG compressors to increase production. That had been needed to keep down pollution. Points for down time came when the CO2 levels were high going to the algae tubes. The green oil that was produced helped manufacture many high tech lubricants as well as diesel fuel. Most of the diesel fuel was used here for farming. 

He stood on his balcony and watched the fleet sailing toward the spot where the gate would open. They were heading out between the two islands to the west. This was going to be a risky venture and one he would spend a lot of time worrying about. Riko walked out and looked out to where John was looking. 

They will come back daddy. Just not as many people as we sent. Some will be killed and others will stay to change that dimension. For them we will send their families to them later. But that war will go on far longer than we will be involved. It will take the people we leave there many hundreds of years to change that culture. So be ready to send them weapons and ammunition in great quantities before we leave there.

John heard her words and yet she had never opened her mouth. Little one youre getting to be a part of me. For some reason what you do does not bother me and it is almost easier to listen to than words spoken.

Riko giggled at this. It is some times odd to feel all the many things running in your head. There is so much and I just cant handle it for long.

I cant either little one. But I sure worry about the people I am sending out there. I have no way of knowing much of the time what they need and what help I could give them. For me it will be like fighting a war in a dark room.

That took some time for Riko to understand and then it dawned on her. I can now picture that and it would be impossible for you. So you must depend on the people there.

That Riko is life in a nut shell. We always must depend on those we give authority too. Far too often we have no control of events we set in motion. So either the people we have placed there respond properly or we must take the blame for the bad actions.

It was something hard for Riko to get a grip on. She struggled with it until it made sense. I see what youre saying, but there are places for those people to act wrong and against your rules. So how can that be your fault?

Simple little one, I chose them for that job. The fault always stops at my desk as ultimately that is the final point of decision making here.

Now she understood why Kelly needed her. She just watched the ships slowly move out of sight now. Then she and John walked to the dinning rooms for lunch.

Dink was going nuts trying to get things ready for the transfer. They knew not to go out on the deck when the gate opened up and to stay in their housing area until the all clear sounded. No one expected anything bad to happen, but it did cause them to feel safer anyway. 

Troops were stations on each level and every company had a responsibility to handle. To pass into a troop or service area you had to have your hand scanned. It assured that only their troops were on the ship. This would be maintained for the entire period of fighting. Her security force had 50 checkpoints they man and could find any one who was on the ship. You could not reach food, weapons, ammunition or medical help without passing through at least two checkpoints. That did not include the engineering rooms, mechanical areas, engine areas, water production and service areas for the troops and ship.

At first the navy crew started bitching about this. Once the reasons were explained they became helpful about it. No one was willing to risk their life to chance.

Once this all settled down Dink decided to get some rest before her night shift started on the bridge. Either she or the captain had to be on the bridge during the crossing of the gate. She was sure this was one of Johns rules to assure nothing bad happened, if it could be prevented. 

She woke with a start and knew he clock was close to going off. She shut it off and turned to get out of bed. The room was dead quiet and she felt cold. Nothing could be heard outside her door and that was not normal at all. She go up dressed and walked out into the hall. It was crowed and people were saying nothing. 

Dink worked her way through the people and up the ladder to the bridge. Captain it is quiet as death up here.

The entire ship is this way Dink. I knew crossing the gate was going to be different, but never did I consider this. We left a temperature of 80 degrees and are now in one of 34. It was clear and here it is massive fog covering the sea. We hear no satellite signals and have no idea where we are. Our compass just does not tell us anything.

We still can see the fleet with radar right?

Yes that did not change.

Then our job is to follow the carrier in front of us. Those are pretty simple instructions for us.

Now the captain laughed and it broke the mood on the bridge. OK you got me and I now owe you. The man picked up the microphone and clicked it on. OK people we have crossed the gate and it is colder than a well diggers ass outside. Sorry I could not offer a warmer location. But our job for now is playing follow the leader and that is our other carrier. They say they know where they are going. So I hope they are right, as I dont have a clue. It is cold and foggy outside, so enjoy the heat and warmth now coming on inside. Relax and we will up date you tomorrow on our progress. Radar is working well as is sonar, so we should be safe from birds and whales in the water.

You could almost feel the tension break on the ship. Nice move captain and one badly needed.

Youre the one who made me see that Dink. Once you made me laugh I was cured of the fear I felt deep down. So I figure it would work for the crew and troops also.

Dink picked up her radiophone and it rang on the bridge of the other ship. General Rider.

God Carlton when the hell did you get so formal?

It broke Carlton up and he was laughing hard now. Thanks Dink I really needed that. It has been very tense over here.

Yes we had the same thing here and I broke it for the captain and he did it for the crew and troops. You may want to suggest that to your bridge people and the other ships?

That makes good sense and Ill handle it. Thanks girl youre a real help. The phone went dead.

Joji came on the bridge and smiled at Dink. The troops are now relaxing and calming down. I think having it get really cold is what caused the reaction. You go through the gate and it would seem it should be the same temperature on the other side. With the cold dropping down it does shock the bodies system. That I think impacts the mind as well? But I did deploy the transponder and we need to check to assure it is working properly?

The captain reached forward and pushed a button. The response was a ping locating the transponder in the ocean. It could be seen on the radar and sonar screens.

Well that much works now and we will see how well we did with the rest. Joji just expected things to not work. 

Joji youre the worlds biggest pessimist. If I was involved it is idiot proof, as I cant work with things that arent that way.

OK boss Ill try to have more faith in you.

Now get your butt to bed and you get security for the day tomorrow. I have bridge duty tonight and the captain needs some beauty rest. If he does not get it he will scare the hell out of people tomorrow.

Joji left laughing, as was the entire bridge. Well Dink Ill see you in about eight hours. The captain left the bridge.

The night went well and nothing unexpected happened. Dink had been drinking coffee now for the last four hours and was just barely able to stay awake. It was nice to be relieved at seven that morning and she was ready to go to bed. 

She stumbled off the bridge and down to her cabin. Stripping and falling into bed was not hard for her. She was out fast and slept like she had not sleep before she went on duty. The night had just drained her reserves. 

It was 3 PM when she woke and was ready to shower. After that she dressed and headed down to get something to eat. 

Joji had waited and walked with her to the dinning hall. They had a table set in a corner for her and any eating with her. When she walked in people stood and applauded her. 

What was that about?

The captain announced what happened last night and people saw you differently after that. Your courage and guts show in what you did big time. That was what allowed these people to get some sleep last night. There is no one here who was not up tight and worried before the captain came on. He also said you did the same thing for General Rider and the other ships.

That was just something anyone would do once they knew how to break the mood I saw. In this place we are going to have to learn to laugh, kid each other and find ways to bring humor into our lives. It has never existed here and its people have none at all.

The food was good and Dink was really hungry. Joji enjoyed his meal with her as she just raised his spirits. Now what are we going to do about the plans?

We cant do anything Joji, as we dont know yet how accurate they are. Once we can check the land out, landing areas and how we want to start then we will plan a beginning. I have talked with the girl John found and she does not know much about where we are headed for right now?

They finished eating and stood and left the dinning hall. Walking out on the flight deck to stretch their legs. There were troops drilling and some running the outer edge of the deck as a track. It was being used as a recreation field even in the 40 degree temperatures. At least today there was no fog over the water.

I am glad to see people out and doing things to keep them in shape. My one worry was they would lose their normal method of keeping in shape and sharp.

Several games were being played between companies and they were being played hard to win. Volleyball and basketball was the main ones down here below the decks main one, a large hanger area had been converted to a sports area. That allowed for no winds and it was still a colder playing area. Those not from the US watched and cheered mostly. 

One player flipped the ball to Dink and she shot it in a nice arch and it went in without touching the goal. Nothing but net was touched. She smiled at the shocked guys just standing there.

I had three brothers and it was become good at outside shooting or get killed inside. She left to laughing from the troops. 

Joji I am in general pleased with how things are moving forward. Now I need some photos of where we will start landing and fighting to study. Carlton has promised them as soon as we are close enough to fly missions safely. Here we just dont know the land masses or how they lay.

What about the map the girl drew?

Is it accurate or just something people think might be right? She talks about what she wishes to and often does not answer your questions. The girl is arrogant and thinks she has power over us. That is why she is locked up in a room with little comfort and not allowed out. Her food is placed into a drawer and she can get it only after the person serving has left. Who knows she just might get smart and if not her family will get dead, as they cant be any better than she is.

Why are you so angry about her attitude?

John saved her life and she has shown no appreciation for his doing that. It is almost like that was his responsibility. His family nursed her back to health and she still refused to answer most questions they asked. So she gets no breaks from me. When we land she will be tied to the front ramp of the LCAC. May be her own family will kill her?

Joji knew she was really pissed about this so he just said nothing more.

The days pass slowly and with each one Dink became more frustrated. Finally a chopper landed and a currier brought her an envelope of pictures. With it was a note asking which beach she wanted to start her movements on?

She spent the day studying them many pictures. She noticed there were two cities that looked good size at the bottom of two different sets. Many small boats were in those harbors. 

Carlton I see two good size cities with harbors. Just above each city is a valley that could be protected. They seem to have water sources inside the valley. I would like to check both out and sample the water and soils both places. One or both could be a base camp for future use.

The one city furthest north is the one the girl you have came from. They are not doing well on food and there are many graves out on farms. Most of them are noting but grass now and no real food sources. In the city there are many graves that are somewhat new. The look of it right now is like some health problem has hit there. It could be anything including the plague.

I have plenty of Ciprofloxacin to handle most any of the plagues. We did a complete survey of all sicknesses we needed to be able to treat on a massive scale.

You dont have the medicine to treat as many here as there could be sick with one plague or another. It killed tens of millions in Europe during the dark ages. I would expect no less here as it has been spreading on and off for thousands of years. Many things we are inoculated for they have never seen a cure for. Illnesses we no longer have are killers here today.

I get the point and that is be careful with our troops. We dont need to be fighting illnesses we walk into. I see this other city does not look very good either. Do we want to go after either one?

That was why I sent the pictures Dink. Neither looks in good shape and we would be fighting people who are carrying some illness we dont need to be fighting. Show the girl how to give the Cipro and send her ashore to fight the plague in her area. Tell her if she can get it under control we will send in more food. But it is her people and her problem.

That I can agree with boss. We will load one LCAC with food and medicine for this problem. My people will be in chemical hazard suits and will be washed off after the unloading. We will bring none of the pests back to the ship. As we will keep the fans running during unloading and a good ramp guard on watch.

You might want to charge the ramp electrically and stop any rodents or bugs from coming aboard that way. Your food needs to be placed in the metal boxes, so they cant get into it. That is going to be a problem here for land warfare. We will be fighting rats, mice and bugs all the time. Your medical people had best be quick diagnosing what they are seeing. All water must be treated no matter how good it appears. This place and its environment just gives me the willies. The worst place I ever fought was not this bad.

Well boss we have done our best to prepare for this. Hopefully we are ready? We have the boxes for food and have them on wheels to be pulled behind Bradleys. Those are mostly to be able to carry ammunition and food in a protective way. The landing craft will be in every day to pick up used trailers and drop off full ones.

I hope we have better luck than what I think is coming Dink. But you have done all you could and I can ask no more. The line went dead and she knew those were Carltons last words of this subject.

Joji walked in just as Dink was smiling at a thought forming in her mind. I am scared to death and your smiling and that is not fair.  

She looked up and decided to share her thought. My daddy told me that the only thing people remember is the winner. Nothing else in life counts to most humans but that win. So here we will win because of technology and a far better trained force of people. I refuse to let them suck me into a deep area of their country, where supply lines become a problem. We will fight our battles along the coasts like the Vikings did. Later we will train those who decide to stay and fight, to handle the ones deep into the country. It will be their job to clean up our mess.

That hit Joji as odd now. What do you mean our mess?

We are going to cause breaks in families as people take one side or the other. Think Joji, this is the start of a civil war. It may be father against son or brothers against each other? Those wounds will take years to heal if they ever do? Do we need to do this? Yes, as we cant fight them from our dimension. Here there is far too much hate and people using others. That is something we will not accept as humans. Our people understand what a democracy is and they have never had one here. How do you think that is going to work?

Now Joji could see massive problems that would take years to heal. Why were you smiling then?

John believes this will solve the problem. I now see it as just opening an infected scab and trying a new drug. There is no guarantee what we do will solve anything and it could become worse. So there will not be a problem solved from this for many years. I kind of feel like I have been shot into space and had no training. Someone has to do it the first time and without a good plan on how to accomplish the goals expected. That was what I was smiling about. Expectations are way higher than our ability to produce results.

What will you do to change the expectations?

They cant be changed at all Joji. What we do right now will write a new chapter and that will become the new expectation. But we are doomed to failure on this mission I have no doubts? John I am sure understands that and it will be the people who feel we failed. Everyone wants a fast easy fix to each problem. No one in the public sees the problems and how different things are from what was expected? I assure you, they think we should have known everything before we ever got here.

That was really confusing to Joji. I dont see how they could expect that?

How many on the islands have every fought a war? Dink asked him?

Many of the military people have fought in the Middle East. But never have any of us fought in a real war. Those were all terrorist actions in that area. So the US has not really had a real war since Vietnam.

How many of our people will remember that war?

Not many I am sure. But why do you ask that? Joji was not understanding this.

Because that is the last time for many dead military people and losses of troops for a government. If we fight a battle and have say one hundred troops killed, that is going to shock people back home. During Vietnam they lost 58,000 troops, which was 0.03 percent of the US population. During the civil war 1,000,000 were killed and that was a full 3% of the US population. Yet Vietnam is the war people hate even today. Most have no idea why that is, but they just know they do? Dink wanted him to understand this.

Joji shook his head and saw she was right at least from those he knew. Well we need a decision by tomorrow morning on where our first landing will be.

Get just 10 companies together for that first landing. It is a look see and check out the water and soil reconnaissance. We need to know just how bad those things are before we jump into the fight. I would like air samples as well. Here we assume nothing is the same as at home. That seemed simple to Dink?

I will have it put together in two 250 troop teams. They will land on different sides of the valley you choose and work it until just before dark. Then we will withdraw and let the lab people do their work. 50 will be doing the collections and the rest protecting them from any attack. The collection crews know exactly what to get as samples.

Then here is the one we want to know about Joji. It is a safe one I think and should give us good data about the things I am most interested in. If we dont get the data we need first, we are taking more chances with the troops lives than I am willing to do. Here we know nothing of the land, bugs, snakes, plants or soil and water contamination, but I will before I send troops to fight. I want a standard for testing as we move forward and into new areas. All prisoners will have blood taken for DNA checks and testing for disease. Each will be run through a shower to get the bugs killed and make them safer to be around. We will set up prison camps on shore and not bring them aboard the ships. In this Dink was taking no chances. 

I will get it to Debbies people as we get the samples back. Colonel Grinder will be running the teams going in. He has a good ability to feel things, so it will be a better chance not to lose people. My job is to just be sure both get what they need to do their jobs. Joji was now set to do what was needed.

Very early that next morning the LCACs headed in to shore. You could see the Colonel standing at the bow looking at the shore. He was moving his arms and the craft was changing directions as he motioned. The tide was out and now rocks could be seen standing above the water line. It just meant a slower speed going into the beach. 

Once on the beach they moved to different sides of the valley they were in.  Half mile in they stopped and dropped the ramp. Trucks and Jeeps moved down and headed to assigned places for collecting. The LCAC just sat down and shut its engines down. Unless someone needed it or started to attack it would not move. Both machine guns were manned for the long wait. Gunners would be changed every two hours to keep people fresh.

Now the collection process started and soon they would know just what this land was like. It was never easy to define any land and this one was very different from their own. It was more primitive and a lot less friendly in its nature. The work done today would show them just how primitive it really was. 

It was a time consuming job being done by the troops and the Colonel moved between the troops locations. He was always looking for someone that might attack his people. Being on the edge like this gave you a lot of energy, but he knew once done he would be like a wet rag. The down side from the adrenalin he was running on was a bad crash later.

The work continued through out the day and just before night everyone was loaded and headed back to the ship. Each craft was sprayed as it came aboard, as were the people to prevent any infestation of some new type bugs. 

The people went to a second decontamination shower and then into dry off and dress in clean clothing. Most felt this was just for now over kill. But they followed the procedure more out of respect than worry.

Next morning everyone was sitting at the table and the head of the lab was going over each report. They had copies in front of them and marked them up with notes as the briefing went on. 

The one issue that kept coming up was the fungus and spores in the air. They were from mold spores and could be toxic if you got too many of the wrong ones. This seemed to happen because the air was moist as was the land here. No one knew what they could become inside the human body? But they were asexual and could change without sexual fusion. It was once more back into the changing environment Earth was once felt to be.

It seems we have some decisions to make. One, do we use masks to filter the air? Two, do we move slowly against the military or just get this done? Three, where are the leaders of the groups coming into our world? If we dont hit them we have failed to have any impact on change here. They must know coming into our world is going to cost them a lot. Dink wanted everyone to understand her feelings.

The Colonel was first to talk. I see your point of view. For the first question, most feel we have gone overboard on the decontamination here. So I dont think if we issued masks they would use them. On the second item they want to get this done and get out of here. The last is really in Davids hands, to be able to tell us where the leaders live and have their defensive posts.

Joji was next and smiled now. I see no way to argue with the Colonel. The troops from yesterday are really upset at the time we are taking to run test. They want to get the fighting done and go home. He just reported the peoples feelings. 

Debbie looked at both men and then at Dink. She shook her head and smiled. You males all underrate the value of knowing what your really facing. Dink is trying to save a lot of lives and one of those could be yours. You have anthrax out there and more types of lung illnesses than you know about. Youre heading on to a toxic battlefield and want to go running to it. She just shook her head.

I have to call David and check with him as he got the reports as well. Send me your answers after considering the facts and we will move one way or the other. If you want to kill your men without further knowledge just say so.

The conversation with David was a long one. He like her was not ready to just jump into a fight. I will e-mail your people and make sure they understand this is not a democracy and I will make the final decision. It is up to them to advise, but I will make the decision. Then they will follow the orders you or I give them.

She smiled, as she knew this was going to be the result of her call. It took her off the hook and made David the heavy. He knew this and it just did not bother him if everyone was pissed. Thanks for the added time as I think it will pay off for us.

I do also Dink and hurrying now is dumb. Those reports so far are frightening to me. I still need to find the headquarters of different groups here. So why hurry with no place to go?


