Teasing the neighbor 

[Part One]

We have a semi-detached house, with a friendly and funny neighbor. He is in his early sixties and divorced, and like us he spends every free second of summer in the sun. We share the same garden.
My girlfriend’s usual “summer home dress” is one of her Wicked Weasel bikinis plus an old pair of jeans that were quite worn out, but after she cut off the legs of the jeans they turned into really sexy hot pants. If she works in the garden, she usually wears a white tank top, sometimes without the bikini top underneath. If you’ve read my other posts you’ll remember that she has perfect small and perky tits and has a sporty and tanned body.
I sometimes like to tease her by pulling at the strings of the bikini in her neck. If you wait for the right situation, like when she’s carrying something, she can’t help it and the top falls down and her tits are revealed. 
One day last summer, she was preparing a salad in the kitchen and cut some carrots. I touched her neck and stomach, kissed her on her shoulders and told her how much I liked her home dress. She continued working, so I started fondling her tits. I could instantly feel the nipples harden, which made me smile. She said “Go away or I will have to cut your carrot, too.” You can imagine that such a word had to be responded to, so I played the offended role and stopped caressing her. Before I went back outside, I pulled the strings in her neck and she couldn’t do anything but swear at me. The top dropped and her hard nipples were out on display. That moment we heard our neighbor through the garden door close to the kitchen: “Anyone care for a beer?”, he shouted. The expression in my girl’s face was great. With the knife in her hand and her hands wet and dirty, she couldn’t manage to put her top on quickly enough. She dropped the knife, wiped her hands on a cloth and turned her head and saw him entering the room. He stopped, looked at her naked back, the smiled at me and said: “Seems I came here just the right moment!” I smiled, my girlfriend laughed out loud. Then she covered her tits with her hands so he couldn’t see anything and turned around. “You wait!”, she said and left the kitchen. I got my beer of him and we drank some, smiling. She quickly put the top back into place in our hall, so we couldn’t see. Then she told us to go outside and joined us. He handed her the beer and we all sat outside. During our conversation I noticed that she knotted the strings of the top only loosely. When she grabbed her beer on the table or moved forward her top fell open and her right nipple was visible. I smiled and enjoyed the view. My neighbor was sitting directly next to her – seems he had a perfect view of her tittes. We sat there for about half an hour and I even grabbed another beer for us so we could enjoy the “scenery” some more. When he left, we went back inside and I told her about the loose top. She looked down on her tits, pulled the strings and smiled: “Seems he got a nice show. Do you want one, too?” With this she opened her top and removed it completely. The rest of the meal was prepared topless. She asked me to set the table outside but I couldn’t leave the room. Those hard nipples were simply too nice… 

[Part Two]

You could tell that my girlfriend liked (and still likes!) the idea of being seen naked or caught in the nude by our neighbor.
After her experience mentioned in part one, she seemed to dare a bit more.
One afternoon last year, she was working in the garden. As usual, she wore her cut jeans hotpants and a white top. Again, as usual, she didn’t wear a bra or a bikini top below. But, when I came out to bring her some coffee and watch her, I noticed that she either was wearing a very small g-string - or she wasn’t wearing any underwear at all. So I asked her and the answer was: “No, I wasn’t wearing any underwear at all the whole day. Didn’t you notice?” Well - seemed only ok for me. We chatted for a while and I waited for her to finish the coffee to take the mug. 
Just as I was about to leave, our neighbor came out and joined us. It was clear where he was looking at at first. The nipples of my girl were hard again and poking through her top - headlights were on again... We talked for a few minutes, then I went back into the house. When I looked outside my window in the first floor, I suddenly saw him again outside. He had changed into his gardening outfit and worked on his side of the garden. I opened the window a little, so I could follow any conversation of the two. From time to time, they were talking. After some time I suddenly heard him say “Wait, let me help you with this!” I looked outside and saw my girl cutting down a bush and trying to remove the roots from the ground.
She bent over, and without seeing it, I knew her top had fallen open and her tits were on display again. Our neighbour came close to her and joined her pulling out the roots. I stopped working to see how they were doing. That was really good. Not only, that he helped to clean the garden, but also he looked down her blouse from time to time to get a nice view of her titties. I smiled, because that’s exactly what I would have done if I had helped her. I watched them, then decided to join in, too, went outside and asked if I could be of assistance. Standing next to the two, I could clearly see both tits of my girlfriend. As she was sweaty and thus a little bit wet, the top fell open very wide and basically every movement of her showed her assets. Furthermore, while she knelt, the shorts showed more than expected. Although her pussy lips weren’t showing, you could clearly see that she wasn’t wearing any underwear. He must have noticed that as well - fluky sod! When I told her in the evening what I had seen she said she wouldn’t mind at all as it was only our neighbor... 
She promised to carry on if I liked what she did...

[Part Three]

One afternoon we were sitting in the garden. Our neighbor was around as well, reading. We were playing a dice game, simple, but funny. The bolder you get, the more you can win. Basically, it’s a bit like poker, you can have straights, full houses etc.
It was warm, so she wore her hotpants and a bikini top. I told her how much I liked that style, especially when her nips are hard, and asked her to show them to me. She did a few times, but at some stage it wasn’t funny anymore.
So when it was her turn again she got into a position of playing safe and losing some points, or trying and winning the whole game. She realized that but seemed to play safe. I dared her to go on and said: “If you should win this, you’ll have a free wish here and now.” So she tried, but didn’t make it. Two or three rounds later I was in the position to win it all or play safe and wait. I said I wouldn’t know, it was rather tough to fall back. I expected her to reply and she did: “If you should win this, you’ll have a free wish right now.” I agreed and really managed to get three sixes – which makes 600 points in this game and made me win. We both laughed, then I was about to ask her to see her nips again, but just before I opened my mouth I thought better: “Take off your top and get another bottle of wine!” – With this, she’d have to get up and walk topless towards our house. She looked at me as if I was an alien, but I simply said: “You told me you liked teasing him, now go on then!” She smiled at me, waited and opened her bikini top and removed it. For a moment, I could see her tits. Then she put her arms over her breasts, smiled and went inside. Our neighbor looked, but wasn’t quick enough to see the titties. He looked at me while she was inside, and so I said: “We need some more wine.” He smiled and acted as if nothing had happened.
She came back out again, with one bottle in her hand, the other arm placed over her tits. She had to smile, and as she had walked past him she let down her hands so I could see them again but he only saw her back. Back on her chair, she put on her shirt which outlined her body very well, and we continued playing.

[Part Four]

Later that afternoon, we lay in the sun on our lawn. She stripped down to her wicked weasel, got us something to read from inside and lay next to me on her sunlounger. We read for a while, until we realized it was better to use some sunscreen. I applied some on my body, then she told me in her Queen Elizabeth voice that I was allowed to do the same with her. This is one of my favourite jobs, so I started immediately.
After some time, she turned around and lay on her stomach, again, asking me to help her with the sunscreen. As I began to rub in her back, she undid the strings of the bikini top and put them aside. When I reached her neck, I undid the other strings. I expected protest but there wasn’t any. In fact, she took her top off completely and put it aside. I made sure her bottom got some massage as well, then I returned to my seat. I had almost fallen asleep, when suddenly she said: “Is he there?” - I opened my eyes and asked “Who?” - “Our neighbor...!” I looked towards our neighbour and said “Yes, lying there, too”. “Do you want me to give him a show?” She asked. “Because I don’t want tanlines.” With these words she turned around and showed us her naked tits. As if nothing happened, she took the sunscreen, and applied some on her stomach, her arms, and finally her tits. I coughed to get attention and saw him looking up, then smiling. So he saw what was going on. From time to time he looked again to see if she was still topless, what she remained for the rest of the afternoon.

