The Observation Tower 
by BostonBabe

Allison gives a show for the park patrons and gets a surprise.

      It’s now or never, Allison thought to herself as she smiled and climbed up the three-story observation tower. From the top level she could see out over the trees of Lettuce Lake Park. Looking down to the left and the right she could see people in the distance walking on the boardwalk leading towards the tower. It was a bright sunny day. No one was yet on the tower with her. Maybe she could get away with it. But getting caught would only add the challenge of trying to get out of trouble…
      Allison giggled as she reached into her shoulder bag and pulled out her new eight-inch pink dildo. She had been given it by the sorority sisters as part of the tasks she was to complete during pledge week. It would be the first time in a public park with it. She looked around to see if anyone was watching her yet. No one was within sight. She chose the metal bench towards the back of the deck because it was the best one in view of the people walking the boardwalk behind the tower.
      Opening her mouth, she quickly began to shove the dildo in and out trying to get it as wet as possible. Wishing it was a real cock so it didn’t taste like plastic, Allison tried to focus purely on the objective. She needed it covered well in spit so she would be able to ride it. Once she was satisfied with the amount of saliva on it, she set the dildo on the metal bench. Pushing on it slightly, she activated the suction cup so the dildo would stay in place.
      She looked at her watch. 9:30. She had to stay for thirty minutes. That was the amount of time she had to stay. Her sorority sisters would be sending someone to verify that Allison was truly doing it. She was not told who it was going to be. The anticipation was almost unbearable. She couldn’t wait any longer. Walking all the way to the tower without any panties had built up the suspense and gotten her very wet. Lifting up her sundress, she eased herself down against the dildo, feeling the shaft of it beginning to penetrate her pussy. She let out a groan as it spread her pussy walls. The pressure was too much, and she pulled herself back off of it.
      Thoughts began to swim in her head. Has anyone seen me yet? Can I really do this? Why didn’t they give me a smaller one to use? Finally, she shook her head a little to clear her mind. She would do this. Allison took a deep breath and lowered herself back down again. This time she moaned and smiled, enjoying now the feel of the dildo filling and stretching her. She kept going lower, getting it deeper inside of her. Now she wanted it all. Letting gravity take over, she let the dildo impale her, wiggling a little to make the last inch push in. She closed her eyes and did a few tiny circles, grinding against the bench.
      'Now that I know it fits, I better get on with the show,' she thought. Allison began to stand, feeling the dildo pulling at her tight pussy as it was leaving her. Without allowing it to completely exit her, she sat back down upon it and moaned louder. Still feeling a little awkward about what she was doing, she decided to imagine the dildo as her new boyfriend. They had not had sex yet, but she had been hinting to him the last couple of times they went out. She set her mind to the image and began to slowly lift herself again. She grinned as she imagined teasing Connor that she was leaving, only to push herself down quickly on him.
      She grinned, enjoying it more and almost forgetting where she was. The sun was bright, and the cool breeze helped with the heat, but Allison imagined that Connor would want her dress completely off. She pulled it quickly over her head, not thinking twice about being totally nude in the park. Now without any constraint of clothing, she began to bounce herself on the dildo. As she pinched her nipples, she squirted. A rush of liquid escaped her as she lifted herself up. Wet sounds were becoming louder as she sat back down upon it.
      Allison was beginning to thoroughly enjoy riding the dildo. Deciding to slow down just a little and savor this opportunity, she concentrated on the fantastic sensations the toy was giving her. She bit her lower lip as she squeezed the dildo with her pussy, making the tight fit push against her walls even more. She took her right hand and began to rub her clit, no longer caring if anyone was watching. This was more enjoyable than she could imagine. Now she knew what she would do those weekends without a date. Bouncing faster again, she began to squeal in delight, completely unaware that she was about to be watched until she turned her head slightly.
      There a few yards away was a group of three guys. They were on the boardwalk and had not seen her quite yet. She grinned to herself and decided to let them think they were “catching” her. She would keep an eye on them from the corner of her eye. Pretending not to notice they were there, she began to grind against the dildo as she bounced. Feverishly riding it, she began to moan louder, almost yelling but forming no words.
      As she was pretending not to see one of them pointing up at her, she squirted again in delight. Her juices were dripping off the bench and into her tennis shoes. This was such a turn on to know the guys were watching. The three of them were huddled together and gazing up in her direction. After a few minutes more, she decided it was the right time to “notice” they were watching. She fully turned her head, not stopping her rubbing and bouncing. Faking a loud gasp, she covered her mouth as if she had just got caught. After she put her hand back down, she smiled at the guys.
      The three of them looked to be college-age. They appeared to be chuckling when they saw her discover they were watching. Two of them had their hands on their crotches and the other was just standing there watching. As the two guys yanked down their pants and pulled out their cocks, the third just continued staring at her. She smiled as the two guys grabbed their cocks and yelled out as they stroked as if they were offering them to her. But her eyes were drawn to the silent third.
      She slowed down her movements, still moving it in and out of her as she looked at the third guy. The guys were too far away to recognize them easily, but there was something familiar about the third. Squinting to get a better look, she brushed her hair from her face. Then it hit her. She gasped for real as she finally realized she knew him.
      It was Connor. She watched his expression turned to a frown as he turned away, leaving the other two guys looking like pervy fools. Allison slowed to almost a stop as she watched the guys realize that Connor left. They pulled up their pants and ran off to join him.
      She frowned. It had been a set up just to expose her as a sex-crazed girl to Connor. Now he would never go out with her again. A pang of guilt washed over her as she lowered herself onto the bench in defeat. The feeling didn’t last long, however. Sinking down upon the dildo had sent a wave of electricity through her core once more and she felt the sudden urge to ride it again.
      She happily started bouncing up and down on the dildo, working herself up to another orgasm. As she neared climax, she groped her breasts and pinched her nipples. She sent herself over the edge, squirting and spraying her juices as she continued riding the dildo. Closing her eyes and moaning, she continued riding through it, not stopping as passersby watched and moved on. She was totally unaware that people stopped to watch from below and then walk away. She was lost in her self-pleasure.
      Allison slowed and sped up several times, alternating her right hand between her breast and her clit as she brought herself over and over again to climax. The puddle of juices that was forming under the bench had now dripped down through the slats of wood to the lower levels.
      The creaks in the stairs were inaudible to her above her moans and squeals of pleasure. Unaware of time or place, she was lost in her own bliss until she heard a man’s deep voice. She opened her eyes to see a tall man wearing a brown shirt and tie and long brown pants standing in front of her. The sun behind him was blocked behind his wide-brimmed brown hat.
      “You’ll have to come with me, miss. I need to discuss with you the rules around here. Let’s go to my office. There will be no more show here today. The name’s Ranger Lee Wilson. At your service.” He stood there looking sternly at her.
      Allison smiled and stared up at him, examining him fully with her eyes. Her day had just gotten better, she realized. She could tell by the bulge in his pants that the fun was not over, just changing location and adding a participant.

 