Author: mypenname3000
Title: The World's First Futa  Futa's Cheer College 02: Futa's First Naughty Pep Talk
Summary: The futa has to overcome her fear to perform before the cheering crowd!
Keywords: MHF Hsolo HF Fsolo Msolo exhib public inter oral

Copyright 2018

April 17th, 2047

September 15th, 2018 was a memorable game in NCAA college football history, Adelia, the caramel-skinned talk show host, said. She sat beside me on the interview couch, the studio audience watching on with breathless anticipation. It was the first time an act of futa-sex was broadcast on any national television signal, whether here in the United States, or across the world.

I smiled, remembering that game so well. I glanced at the TV screen nearby, the thirty-year-old footage queued up. It lacked the sharpness of modern displays, which were indistinguishable from what you saw with your own eyes. It looked so pixelated even though back in the day, this was a 4K HD broadcast, top of the line.

There we are, I said as the University of Washington Husky cheerleaders took to the field in their purple and gold uniforms, pleated skirts flashing.

And there you are, Adelia said, the last one to enter the field. You can't see it on this shot, but her cock is thrusting out through the pleats of her skirt.

I shivered, remembering that day, the fans screaming louder. So many women were in attendance, all there to watch me cheer on the UW Dawgs, as our team mascot was often nicknamed, kick the Oregon Ducks hard in college football. 

Why were you the last one out? Adelia asked. I thought you would have been the first.

If you would believe it, I was having a panic attack, I said, smiling. I mean, I had been having sex in front of people for a year, not shy about it since becoming a futa, but it wasn't so... so public before. So open. Husky Stadium holds 70,000 of people.

I bet that was intimidating.

I nodded my head. Luckily, someone close to me talked me down.

Oh, really, Adelia asked. It couldn't be your pretty wife, Sharron, since she wasn't even born yet.

I glanced at my wife watching from off stage smiled at her. Then I said, It was...

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

September 15th, 2018

The stadium thundered with sound. I could hear it bleeding through the concrete walls into the bowels of the sports complex. I trembled, hiding in an alcove of the building. I couldn't do this. It was too much. My phone beeped in my hand, the text notification almost sounding angry. I could hear Ashlie, the blonde cheer captain, screaming at me through it.

Where are you!!!!! it read, every exclamation mark an accusation. We need you! We're short because of you!!!!!

I knew that. I knew everyone was counting on me, and yet I was terrified. Husky Stadium held so many people. And it sounded pack. It was the first home game of the year, and every one at UW knew I was a cheerleader. Everyone for the last week had been telling me how excited they were to see me perform.

It was so much pressure. I was just nineteen. I didn't ask for this. I didn't demand to become a futa.

I trembled in my cheer uniform, staring down at my pleated skirts. My cock wasn't even hard. Usually, I had a half-chub most of the time if not a full erection. But nothing right now. I took in a deep breath. I promised Ashlie and the other cheerleaders I'd be out there. It was my fault they were so short.

I'd bred the entire team. And most of them were too pregnant to perform any longer. Even the new girls were pregnant even if they hadn't had their pregnancy tests yet. The first time I came in a girl's pussy, I bred them. After over a thousand girls came up pregnant, I knew it was true. Every day, a handful of girls had my futa-daughters.

This is so fucked up, I muttered.

Yeah, a familiar voice said.

I groaned. Did Ashlie send you, Kurt?

My ex-boyfriend appeared, a friendly smile on his face, his blue eyes so supportive. A year ago, or near enough, he took my virginity and somehow turned me into a futa. It was like my clit swelling into a dick was an allergic reaction to a man's cum being in my pussy.

Weird, right?

Ashlie didn't send me, he said. I just thought you needed something.

Oh? I asked. What, a pep talk to get me out of on the field. That I can't disappoint my fans. The team's counting on me. Ra, ra, ra and all that.

Why do I need to give the speech when you just gave it yourself? You know what you need to do, Becky. You've always had a level head on your shoulders.

I gave him a look. Really? I've set the Guinness book of records for having the most amount of children, and I've only been a futa for a year. The award ceremony for that was next month. I don't think I'm a model candidate for good thought. If even 1% of them comes after me for child-support... And I don't care. If a girl I hadn't met before showed up, I'd fuck her. Breed her.

I shook my head, letting out an exasperated sigh. I'd fuck her right out there on the football field, with those thousands of people watching me. I just... I just loving breeding girls.

Kurt nodded his head as my futa-dick twitched and throbbed. He glanced down at my pleated skirts, his smile growing amused. He ran a hand through his red hairhe was the reason I liked redheads in all their various hues from dark auburns to strawberry blondesand said, Your, eh, is starting to peak out.

Ashlie made sure I had a true pleated skirt, I said, just so it was crystal clear there's a futa on the team.

They look a little understaffed this year.

Yep. My fault. Which is why I need to go out there and... My stomach clenched. I'm just so scared, and I don't even know why. It's so dumb! I let out a frustrated moan. I need to just march up there and get out on the field. Listen to them. All those people are here to see me perform and... And... I'm so scared I'm barely peeking out of my skirt.

Erectile dysfunction, Kurt said, giving me a sage nod. I didn't think it could effect you. Your futa-cock has such stamina.

Yeah, me either.

Well, I know just the thing. He held out his hand, fingers wiggling like he beckoned to someone. Have you met my new girlfriend?

I blinked. New girlfriend. When did you start dating again?

I met her during summer break. But she doesn't go to school around here. She drove up for the game. And to meet you.

I blushed and then smiled as an ebony girl came around the corner. She was tall with slender hips, her round breasts hugged by a belly shirt. She had such a bright smile. I never thought I'd see Kurt date a Black girl, not because he was racist but he'd only dated White girls last year.

Oh, wow, she's gorgeous, Kurt's girlfriend purred. Ooh, I still can't believe you made her into a futa, boo.

Yeah, Kurt grinned, his hand fondling the girl's ass. Becky, this is Kristina.

My futa-dick swelled to full erection as I stared at the Black girl. She had such lovely skin. I held out my hand, taking hers, and pulled her from her boyfriend. My girl-cock pulsed and throbbed to thundering of the crowd above, my heart beating as I stared at his radiant girl in her tight jean skirt and those creamy, dark thighs.

Wow, I always love meeting Kurt's girlfriends, I moaned, the nervousness melting away as I smelled the lavender body wash she used. Such a delicious scent. Hi, Kristina.

Girl, you are just as sexy as they claim, she groaned. I read that Rolling Stone's article. Did you really fuck the author while she was asking you questions?

It was so cute watching her try to write on her notepad as I fucked her on my bed, I said, my dick so hard now. The crowd's roars faded. I had this lovely, Black girl to play with. Mmm, did you masturbate to it? She was quite... thorough in her description of my cock and how it felt in her.

Kristina nodded her head, her eyes growing glassy. I knew that look. The pheromones I shed burned through her body, inflaming her pussy and sending her into heat. She needed my cum spurting into her, breeding her.

I glanced over her shoulder at Kurt. He had a supportive smile on his lips. I heard his jeans coming undone. 

I did love sharing girls with Kurt. Once, I thought we would be husband and wife, now we were just really close friends. 

Ever taken two cocks at the same time, Kristina? I asked as her dark hand wrapped about my pale cock thrusting through the pleats of my skirt.

No, she groaned, her eyes widening. Oh, Kurt, you naughty boy, you brought me to share.

Well, shouldn't I get a treat? You're about to be bred by my ex.

A shiver ran through Kristina, her hand tightening on my cock. Then she moaned and hooked her left arm about my neck. She pulled me in for a hot kiss. My nipples throbbed in my blouse, my blonde hair brushing her face as she kissed me with such passion. Her tongue thrust into my mouth as she pushed me back against he cinder block wall of the alcove.

I moaned, my tongue dancing with hers, loving the feel of her as she rubbed the tip against her jean skirt. My cock throbbed and pulsed. Then her skirt slid upward, rasping against my crown. Kurt's face loomed over his girlfriend's shoulder.

Let me just slip into her to lube myself up, Becky, Kurt groaned. She should be dripping wet by now.

I just moaned into his girlfriend's lips. This was so hot. I shuddered, my hands stroking her bare hips and sides, brushing the bottom of hem of her belly shirt as our tongues dueled. She groaned, her body pressing against mine as Kurt entered her.

Geez, you are soaked, Kristine, he grunted. Becky... You have a gift.

I broke the kiss with his girlfriend and grinned at him over her shoulder.

Then he shifted. Kristine whimpered. She sucked at my neck, her hand moving my cock down her skirt and beneath it. I brushed her thighs as Kurt pushed her hard against me. Kristine whimpered and stiffened.

Just relax, Kurt groaned. Your ass can take Becky's cock. So it definitely can handle mine.

Yes, she moaned and I shivered, knowing my ex had his dick buried in Kristine's asshole.

Then I felt the shaved folds of Kristine's dripping pussy, so hot and silky. She guided me right to her entrance. Kurt slammed into her bowels, pressing her forward, impaling her cunt down my cock. I groaned as that wonderful sheath engulfed my dick. My head arched, my eyes rolling back.

Oh, yes, I panted. This is what I needed.

Me, too! Kristine moaned, her pussy clenching down about my cock. Ooh, I need you to breed me. I need to feel your cum firing into my pussy so badly. Please, please, do that to me, Becky!

Breed her! Kurt grunted, pumping away at her asshole. I could feel his cock thrusting over and over through the membrane of flesh separating her pussy from her bowels. 

I will, I groaned, my hips undulating, my ass rubbing against the wall.

I pumped forward, Kristine shuddering between us. Her breath exploded against my neck as she hugged me tight. I felt her breasts through our clothing, my nipples hard in my sports bra-like top, the Husky logo stretched over my right tit.

My cock slammed over and over into her juicy snatch. She felt so hot, so wet for me. Her lips nibbled and sucked at my neck as we double-fucked her. Kurt grinned at me, his blue eyes glassy with delight as he plowed her asshole.

How is it? I asked him. How's your slutty girlfriend's asshole?

So tight, he groaned, his crotch smacking into her rump. I'm going to cum so hard into her bowels.

Ooh, do it, I moaned, thrusting into Kristine's silky pussy. While I breed her pussy.

Yes! he growled, face twisting with pleasure. You're going to pump so much baby-making spunk into her pussy.

I am!

Yes, yes, yes, do that, Becky! gasped Kristine. Oh, boo, she's got such a huge dick. It's so much bigger than yours. Ooh, I love futa-cock!

Slut! I hissed, thrusting up so hard into her pussy, feeling Kurt's dick pumping away in her bowels, making Kristine even tighter.

Pleasure rippled down my shaft, warming my pussy and ovaries. A hot boil built and built in me. I groaned, my snatch clenching. Juices trickled down my thighs. I trembled, my ovaries drinking in the sensations, preparing a load of fertile seed to spurt into her cunt's depths.
Another girl bred. Another daughter conceived.
I thrust harder into her, my nipples aching in my sports bra. I whimpered and groaned, loving her hot lips sucking and nibbling on my neck. My body trembled, my pussy clenching so hard. Juices ran down my thighs, a hot flood that teased me.

Cum in me! Kristine moaned. Do it! Breed me while my boyfriend fucks my asshole, girlfriend!

Yes! I hissed, thrusting so hard, my ovaries on the verge of exploding. I'll pump so much jizz into you it'll breed you twice!

Fuck, yeah! she howled.

Her pussy went wild about my cock. 

I groaned as I plunged into her cumming pussy. Kurt moaned, fucking her bowels faster, feeling that velvety delight massaging his dick.. His thrusts forced Kristine's convulsing snatch down my cock, burying me in those delicious depths. 

My dick drank in the wonderful sensations. My snatch clenched. My ovaries grew hotter, tighter. Then they erupted. I bucked as the first blast of my fertile seed pumped into her pussy. I gasped, breeding my ex's snatch.

She's cumming in me, boo! Kristine moaned. Oh, yes, yes, yes! She's flooding my cunt with all her spunk!

I'm breeding your girlfriend, Kurt! I howled, the rapture hammering my mind.

Fuck! Kurt gasped, his face twisting with pleasure.

You're both cumming in me! Fuck, yeah!

It felt so incredible. It had me swaying. My eyes blinked through the rapture dancing across my thoughts. I shuddered, my heart hammering away in my chest. It was all so incredible. Stars burst through my vision. I swayed, sucking in such deep breaths as my cock pulsed over and over.

I stared at Kurt, so glad I could share this pleasure with him. That we could enjoy a girl, fucking her, cumming in her. My body buzzed with such rapture. The last blast of my jizz fired into Kristine's spasming cunt, her pussy wringing me dry.

Ooh, wow, that was good, I panted. Mmm, yes.

Feel relaxed now? Kurt asked. Your erectile dysfunction dealt with?

I blinked as the thunder of the crowd washed over me again. It had faded into the background, consumed by the passion roaring through me. I smiled at him, You did know what I needed, didn't you?

He winked at me, his face flushed, red hair stuck to his sweaty forehead. I always do, Becky.

For a moment, I ached for that life we almost had. I mourned the missed chance to be husband wife. And then my futa-dick throbbed in Kristine's juicy snatch. My lusts surged through me. My fans were waiting to see the world's first futa out there on the field with a hard cock.

And my cock was hard.

I have to go, I said. It was nice breeding you, Kristine.

She giggled at that. Mmm, nice meeting you, too, Becky.

I winked at Kurt as he pulled his girlfriend away from me, my dick popping out of her pussy. Then I hurried away. As I did, a thought hit me: Did Kurt date so many girls just so he could watch me breed them the way he watched me breed his step-sister, Janice? He never mentioned her, but I still think he was hung up on her after a year.

But Janice was having more fun having a relationship with Kurt's mother. Mrs. Albertson had her marriage to Janice's dad while dating Janice herself. From what I understood, the older MILF took turns in which bed she slept in, trading off between her husband and her step-daughter.

I sighed. There wasn't much I could do about Kurt and his love life. He just had to get over Janice like he got over me. Maybe Kristine would be the one, or maybe in a month I'd be breeding a new girlfriend of his.

There you are! Ashlie shouted as I rounded the corner. The entire cheer team, the handful that we had this year, crowded the hallway before our locker room. I was getting so worried and... Her blue eyes bulged. Her blonde hair, a more golden hue than my own curls, swayed about her face. Your cock is wet! Did you fuck a girl? Is that why you're late?

Starr giggled, the slender, brunette cheerleader hugged herself as she moaned, Becky, you're wild.

Deniece nodded her head, the African-American cheerleader flashing me a thumbs up.

I needed to calm my nerves, Ashlie, I said. 

And pussy is... Ashlie trailed off. No, I guess that makes perfect sense for you, doesn't it?

I winked at her.

You could have used my pussy, Mei Wen, one of the two new girls on the team, moaned. The Chinese cheerleader, standing next to Immaculada, stared at me with such pleading, almond-shaped eyes.

I've already bred you, I told her. And you, Immaculada, I added to the Hispanic girl, her hair bleached white-blonde, adding a nice contrast to her brown skin.

Fine, fine, Ashlie said. We have to go! She turned and darted down the hallway, her pleated skirts flashing about her toned legs.

The other girls on the cheer team were all wearing the same outfit as mepurple sports bras trimmed in gold, pleated skirts swaying about their toned thighs. They followed after Ashlie. I took up the rear, my pussy-soaked cock bouncing before me.

The roar of the crowd grew louder and louder as we charged up the tunnel then burst out into the U-shaped stadium, open to our right to look out at Lake Washington. The noise thundered around us, reverberating back and forth inside. I shuddered, almost battered down by the sound. It was so much. So intense.

But I was the world's first futa. They would all love me. They would all savor witnessing my futa-cock having fun on the field.

My dick ached and throbbed, my pussy clenching, as I headed out onto the field to our corner of it. Across it, the Oregon cheerleaders in their green and yellow were already shaking their stuff, getting their side excited.

But they had nothing on us.

We grabbed our pompoms, shaking them up in the air. I spotted familiar faces in the crowd near where we would perform, including my number-one fan. Chris, and his girlfriend Tiffany, were right up front, Chris waving, a big smile on his face. 

He loved watching me fuck Tiffany and wanted me to breed her again.

We broke into our first cheer:

Hey, You Dawgs fans,
Stand up and clap your hands!
Go Huskies Go!
Go Huskies Go!
Hey, You Dawgs Fans
Now let's see you wave your hand!
Go Huskies Go, Go Huskies Go!
Go Huskies Go, Go Huskies Go!

I shuddered as I thrust my pompoms into the air and did high kicks, flashing not only my hard cock, but my pussy at the crowd. They gained their feet, screaming and clapping, getting pumped up for the football game. It was so hot. They all stared at me. At my cock. I shuddered. I had to show off the special trick I practiced on so hard to master.

I could only just do it.

I turned my body, giving the spectators a side-profile of my body, my heart beating so fast. I could do this. Drawing in a deep breath, I spread my legs apart, my cock bouncing before me. Then I leaned over, contorting my body in half. My stomach burned as I stretched and stretched. My blonde hair fell down towards the ground. My blood rushed towards my head as my eyes focused on the tip of my own cock.

The crowd grow hushed. I could feel the expectant vibration as I brought my mouth closer and closer to my futa-cock. Pompoms rustled around me as my fellow cheerleaders gathered around me, urging me on.

They cheered:

Hotter than the sun;
Harder than a diamond;
Becky won't stop,
'til she gets the job done!

I strained and strained, urged on by their naughty chant. My mouth opened. My lips brushed the tip of my cock. I latched on to my own futa-dick. I sucked my own cock. My tongue swirled around the spongy crown.

Pleasure shot straight down to my pussy.

BECKY! the cheerleaders whooped and cheered. Out of the corner of my eyes, I watched busty Celia give a high kick, her large tits bouncing in her sports bra. BECKY!

CLAP! CLAP!

BECKY!

CLAP! CLAP!

The crowd joined the cheers, clapping with my squad mates, screaming my name as I bobbed my mouth on my own dick. My pussy clenched. As I shuddered, my pleats swayed, letting me glimpse my bush. Juices glistened on my blonde curls and ran down my toned thighs. I whimpered, the pleasure shooting down my dick straight to my own cunt.

This was so hot. I sucked harder, my cheeks hollowing as my precum flowed. I tasted Kristine's sweet pussy on my dick. I moaned, sliding my mouth farther down my cock, stretching my stomach to my limits to taste more and more of the Black girl's delicious cream.

BECKY!

CLAP! CLAP!

My hands grabbed my ankles, holding on tight. I fought against the burn in my abdomen as I bobbed and sucked and pleasures myself. I felt the thousands of people watching me blow my own cock. My clit-dick throbbed between my cheeks, my pussy clenching every time I suckled.

It was incredible.

BECKY!

CLAP! CLAP!

My eyes squeezed shut, just letting the cheers and excitement wash over me. My orgasm built and built in my cunt. My mouth bobbed faster and faster, sliding a few inches up and down my shaft. My tongue never stopped moving. I knew what I liked to feel on my own girl-dick, and my tongue delivered.

My mouth was so hot and wet. I could suck cock so hard. I nursed on it, my salty precum flowing endlessly. I made such wanton slurping sounds. A whistle blew nearby, but I didn't care. I just kept sucking and bobbing my dick.

Looks like the UW cheerleaders are doing something real wild, Dawg fans! the announcer boomed. Our very own Becky is putting on quite the show.

BECKY!

CLAP! CLAP!

She's become quite infamous on campus for what she sprouted. Doctors are calling her the first futanari. But the referees don't seem too happy with her. The players from both teams are watching her suck on her own cock.

BECKY!

CLAP! CLAP!

It was so exciting. My orgasm built faster and faster. I whimpered and shuddered, my pleated skirts swaying as they draped over my rump. My legs shook and quivered as the pleasure swelled and mounted inside of me.

Then I felt naughty hands sliding under my skirt to squeeze my ass. A head followed. I groaned as I caught a glimpse of Starr nuzzling at my pussy. She licked and lapped at my folds, her chin appearing between my skirt's pleats, her round tits jiggling in her sports bra.

Looks like another one of the cheerleaders is helping Becky cum, the announcer said. This is getting a little out of hand, but the fans are loving it. They're thundering with excitement.

BECKY!

CLAP! CLAP!

Starr's tongue plunged into my pussy, swirling around in my snatch. I gasped, my eyes squeezing shut again. The pleasure surged through me. Her tongue stirred up my cunt while my mouth sucked so hard on my dick.

My snatch clenched. My body trembled. I moaned about my own dick, adding a buzzing delight to the pleasure coursing through my body. My legs shivered. Starr's tongue flicked up through my folds and climbed to my asshole, brushing it for just a moment.

That naughty glance set me off.

My cum fired into my own mouth. I groaned, shuddering as each jolt of rapture firing through my body caused another blast of my own girl-spunk to fill my mouth. I gulped it down, loving how the creamy treat flowed down my throat.

My stomach burned from holding the pose, but I didn't care. I fought through the pain, my eyes squeezed shut, my body trembling as the rapture filled me. It was so incredible. Ecstasy surged across my thoughts as Starr rimmed my ass.

And then I couldn't take the discomfort.

My head snapped up, the last blast of cum firing from my dick and splattering Celia's big tits. I hadn't even realized she'd bared them. She knelt before me, staring up at me with such wanton lust in her eyes, her heavy tits heaving, a thick, pearly line of my spunk spilling across them.

BECKY!

CLAP! CLAP!

Oh, my god, Celia moaned, flipping up her skirt. That was so hot. You made me so wet, Becky!

Yeah, I said.

Whistles blew again. Three of the referee's were swarming in on us, wearing their white-and-black stripped shirts. They all looked so angry, older men. Didn't they think this was hot? Didn't they want to watch me pump up the crowed by fucking this slut?

I fell to my knees before Celia, staring at the auburn-haired, busty cheerleader. She grinned at me, her green eyes sparkling, her freckled cheeks dimpled by her smile. She licked her lips and cupped her big tits at me, shaking them. My cum looked so appetizing.

Stop this right now! one of the referee's snarled, a balding man with wrinkled spots on his forehead.

Ooh, you're not going to have any fun with that attitude, I told him.

He grabbed me as I leaned over to lick at Celia's cum-stained titties. He hauled me up, my breasts bouncing in my sports bra, my futa-dick thrusting hard before me. I shivered and stared up at him, giving him such a naughty smile.

Can't you see how hard I am? I asked him.

Yeah, Ashlie called out. Stop interfering in our cheer routine!

I need her futa-dick in me, Celia moaned. 

BECKY! thundered the watching crowd.

CLAP! CLAP!

See, they love it, my cheer captain said, marching up on the referee gripping my shoulder. You take your hand off my girl right now.

He released my shoulder and thrust his whistle into his mouth. He blew a sharp, shrill blast, pointing at the stands. He was kicking us off the field. We had barely even gotten started. My dick ached so badly.

Ashlie didn't care. The crowd was cheering us on. She stood her ground and thrust a purple and gold pompom into the air, such a naughty glint bursting to life in her eyes. She glanced over her shoulder, the rest of the team moving around us. 

Yeah, yeah, girls, Ashlie barked and then the squad launched into a quick cheer, a naughty version of one of the normal ones.

Yeah, Yeah,
Does Becky Fuck?
Yeah, Yeah,
She'll take you to the Top!
Yeah, Yeah
Is she gonna stop?
No way!

NO WAY! the crowd cheered, whooping and hollering.

They want this, Ashlie said. Then she patted the referee's crotch. Just pull out that hard dick and enjoy the show. This is going to be the hottest game of college football ever!

I grinned at Ashlie. She winked a blue eye at me, her hands rubbing at her pregnant belly, just the slightest bit of a baby bump starting to swell her stomach. My dick throbbed. I had bred every girl on this team and probably a quarter in the stands.

I was the world's first futa.

I leaned down and buried my face between Celia's big tits. My tongue lapped up my own cum covering those pillowy mounds. I followed that ropy line up her left breast. It just grazed her pink areola. I swirled around that lovely patch of flesh, brushing her nipple.

Becky! she whimpered. Oh, yes, Becky!

I sucked on her nipple as her hand reached down and grabbed my futa-dick. She stroked me, making me ache and throb. I moaned about her nub as the crowd roared with excitement. The referee didn't interfere any longer.

How could he with something so hot unfolding before him. He was watching a futa suck her own cum off a busty girl's tits. A busty cheerleader's tits. I shuddered, my own dick so hard right now, throbbing in Celia's stroking hand. I had to fuck her.

I lifted up my head, glancing at the referees. They watched me with shock in their faces. They weren't stopping me any longer. They were all so hard, their black pants tented with their little cocks. They rubbed at their hardons, watching in awe.

Ashlie started up the next cheer, the team bouncing around me.

Huskies Stand up!
Stand up and scream!
The best school yellin' for the number one futa!
Let's hear it for Becky!
The purple and gold,
Cheering the number one futa!
The best futa is hard for hot pussy!
Let's go Dawgs!
The futa's gonna fuck!

Becky is lining up for her squad mate's pussy, the announcer said. This is really happening Dawg fans. Right here at Husky Field. The FCC is going to have a field day. But no one can look away. The world's first futa is about to... Yes, yes, we have penetration!

The announcer sounded so young, probably one of the students at UW. Maybe he'd seen me fucking on campus before. Either way, it was so hot to hear him broadcast that I had penetrated Celia's pussy.

I had my dick buried to the hilt in her silky pussy. Her pregnant cunt quivered about my shaft. She gasped and groaned, her head arched back, her tits quivering before her. Her thighs locked about my hips as she clenched her hot sheath around my cock.

BECKY! screamed the crowd.

CLAP! CLAP!

A frenzy filled the air. The attendees were on their feet, waving their arms and signs. I shuddered, my hips pumping away as I drank in the admiration of all of them. This was so incredible. This was the hottest thing I had ever done in my life.

I reveled in cheering at my first football game.

My fellow cheerleaders danced and twerked around me. They shook their pompoms, tits heaving in their blouses. Immaculada twerked hard while Deniece did a booty-shake with that magnificent ass pointed at the crowd. Ashlie squeezed her tits then ripped off her top, exposing those round breasts to the world. She did a high kick, revealing she hadn't worn panties or spankies, flashing her blonde bush.

Cameras filmed us. From the sidelines and from the skycam that crossed the field on the cables. And that didn't count all the cell phones aimed at us, capturing our naughty antics. I shuddered, thrusting harder and harder into Celia's cunt, her pussy so hot about my dick as I reveled in all the attention.

I couldn't believe I was scared of this. I loved this.

Ooh, Becky, yes! Celia moaned. Get the crowd pumped for the game. For the Big V!

Yes, yes, we're going to dominate the Ducks! I moaned, glancing at the two football teams watching us in the middle of the field instead of playing football. We're going to dominate them so hard.

Just like you're dominating my pussy! Celia squealed, her cunt clenching down on my thrusting girl-dick.

Uh-huh, I groaned, pleasure flowing down my cock. It was incredible to plow into her while the cameras rolled.

I thrust to the crowd's clapping, cheering chant. My name rolled over and over through the stadium. One of the referees started groping his cock, unable to stop himself when surrounded by the bevy of naughty cheerleaders prancing around me, strutting their stuff, shaking their tits.

Mei Wen's small breasts came out next, then Immaculada's brown tits. The two pressed their boobs together as they moaned and groaned, nipples kissing nipples, pussy juices gleaming on their thighs. No one on the team wore panties.

Naughty cheerleaders.

It inspired me to thrust even harder. To fuck Celia with all my might. I winked at the watching football players. The quarterback for the Ducks, an ebony-skinned man with dreadlocks, pulled off his helmet, staring at me in awe as I plowed Celia.

I grabbed her tits and shook them, giving him a wink. These are mine to play with, big boy!

Hers! Celia howled, her hips bucking up into my thrusts, her pussy clench down so hard on my dick. Oh, my god, Becky, I'm going to cum on this dick.

Do it! I moaned, my tits bouncing in my sports bra.

Celia corrected that problem. Her hands shoved up my top, exposing my breasts and my pink nipples to the world. Cheers rose in appreciation. Her hands cupped my tits, fingers pinching my nubs, shooting bliss down to my dick buried in her silky pussy.

CUM IN HER! Ashlie started chanting, shaking her tits in lieu of her pompoms now. CUM IN HER!

CUM IN HER! Immaculada and Mei Wen chanted.

CUM IN HER! Starr and Deniece said, both of them doing booty shakes at the crowed, their skirts flipped up to flash their asses and pregnant pussies at the stands. Their breasts swayed back and forth, ebony and ivory tits.

CUM IN HER! picked up the crowd, the chant storming around the stadium. It assaulted me from every side. CUM IN HER! CUM IN HER!

Yes, yes, cum in me, Becky! gasped my fellow cheerleader, her hips bucking up into my thrusts, her pussy so hot around my dick. Flood me with all your jizz. Ooh, yes, yes, I love it.

My hands squeezed her big tits while she played with my round breasts. I grinned at her, thrusting with all my might. The grass tickled my knees as I plowed her so hard. I rammed my futa-cock over and over into her pussy. Every stroke brought me closer and closer to cumming. My fingers slid up her tits to her nipples.

I pinched them hard, tugging on her pink nubs. She gasped, her pussy clamping down on my girl-dick. The increased friction shot rapture down to my pussy. I gasped, my back arching as the rapture surged through my body.

It looks like Becky is getting closer to giving the crowd what they want, the announcer said. He sounded breathless, too. Was he masturbating while watching me fuck Celia?

I hoped he was.

Celia's fingers pinched my nipples. She stretched my tits. I groaned, loving the sensation. I stared into her green eyes, her face contorting in rapture as she bucked into my thrusts, taking my cock deep in her cunt.

CUM IN HER! CUM IN HER!

Becky! she squealed, her eyes bulging wide.

Her pussy writhed about my cock. That silky sheath spasmed and convulsed. Bliss spread across her face. Her eyes grew glassy with her rapture. I groaned, savoring hammering her cunt, feeling the intensity of her orgasm.

Yes, yes, Celia!

I buried to the hilt in her, throwing back my head as my orgasm exploded in the depths of my cunt. My pussy gushed juices down my thighs. A hot tide of sweet passion that perfumed the air. I moaned, the rapture rushing up through my body as my cock unloaded into her pregnant cunt.

Every blast of my cum stabbed rapture straight into my mind. Stars burst across my vision. Everything fuzzed dark for an eternal heartbeat. I quivered and moaned, my body drinking in the ecstasy. This moment immortalized for everyone to watch.

She's cumming in Celia! the announcer shouted with such frenzy in his voice, sounding like he was calling a soccer game. She's CUMMING!

The crowd's chant disintegrated into wild, raucous applause. I shivered as their joy washed over me, mixing with the dual euphoria flowed through my body. I rose on a hot cloud of ecstasy. I thrust both my arms into the air in triumph as the last blast of my cum fired into Celia's pussy.

And then, barely heard over the crowd's trumpeting passion, I heard girls squeal. I glanced across the field and smiled at what I saw. I shuddered and ripped my still-hard futa-dick out of Celia's pussy. I gained my feet with limber ease, my cock dripping with hot cream.

It's about to get even hotter, ref, I said to the man who grabbed me.

He just groaned, fell to his knees, and fished out his cock. He stroked it fast, face closed and an expression of utter rapture filling his expression.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

April 17th, 2047

It must have been incredible to fuck Celia while everyone watched you, Adelia said, her voice so throaty. She paused the playback, the referee on his knees. 

I trembled, remembering that excitement I felt at making this man who tried to stop me so hot and horny he had to masturbate on the field. It was such a wild thing to do. I had ruined the football game, but no one cared, not even the players.

This was going out live on the feed, Adelia continued. NBC, knowing they were going to get hammered with FCC fines anyways, just let it flow. I think there was a female producer, who just couldn't stop watching, who made the decision to keep it broadcasting.

I nodded my head, wrenching my gaze from the screen to stare at the host's flushed face. Amelia McCreery. She got fired, but then she founded her own news company. She was the first person to interview me in the aftermath of the game. To get my side of the story.

And to be bred by you? Adelia asked.

I laughed, the studio audience joining me. It was so wonderful to remember those times when the FCC wouldn't let footage of a futanari fucking broadcast on the airwaves. But that Amendment had passed with flying colors.

American women were inflamed by the idea of me.

You would not believe what happened next, Adelia said, drawing me out of my momentary reverie, pointing at the paused screen. You can see a few of the referees are trying to get the game started, but the players are all distracted by your antics.

I nodded my head, so strange to watch an event that was nearly thirty-years-old. I think it's about to happen... Yes!

The Oregon Ducks' cheerleaders darted across the football field, something unprecedented in NCAA football. From this angle, you could see Sabrina in the lead, the caramel-skinned cheerleader running a full-tilt. 

Look at her go, Adelia smiled. The one leading the pack is Sabrina Dyson who went on to be a finalist in Ms. Bred of 2019, the new beauty pageant contest created to star those knocked up by Becky.

I smiled, remembering that delicious day.

And there is her boyfriend, I grinned, pointing out the quarterback for the Ducks, looking confused as his girlfriend falls to her knees before me. He's about to watch her get bred. Once I was done teasing her.

My futa-dick throbbed beneath my skirt. My wife's pussy wasn't enough to take the edge off of it. I was so hard talking about that game. I licked my lips and launched into the rest of my story while the studio audience watched the screen, showing off that wild day.

To be continued...