[This story is a work of fiction and any similarities are entirely coincidental]

(C) Copyright 2008 M Saint



Static filled the screen of the television, and it was well past 2 a.m. I must have dozed off while watching it. Actually, this was the norm for me. I was 26, and remained single through most of my adult life. No roommates, and not many friends. I worked, and still work, at a big factory that helps produce the cases for the newest computers. At this time, I'm not sure what. I have never seen any of our products on any sales floor. My second job was bar hopping. Just kidding. 

I was actually a bouncer at a local club. How and why I got the job is a mystery, since I only stand at 5'11", weigh 189 pounds, and look like I work at a factory making the casings to the latest computers. But, the girls of the evening are hot. 

As pathetic as it is, I jerked off to many of them in a stall in the mens restroom. I fantasized about fucking them, and cumming on their tits after they have sucked me off. I was alone in the restroom doing my thing, when I saw through the opening a girl I was looking at all night walk in to piss. Thinking I had locked the stall door, I felt at ease as I waited impatiently for her to use the toilet. She must have been drunk, because for one, she was obviously in the wrong restroom, and two, she stumbled as she reached for the stall door next to me and pulled on it. It was locked. I fucking hate immaturity. Chuckling inside, I knew there was only one left to try, and I was in it. But, I was safe behind the door, or so I thought. She pulled and opened the door to my stall, and I froze immediately with my dick still in my hand.

"Oh shit!" I shouted.

"Fuck!" She slurred, and then giggled as I still stood in front of her, dick in hand. "I just always wanted to fuck security!" She claimed. Walking in to me, she pulled the door closed and locked it this time behind her. 

A man walked into the restroom and immediately tried to open the stall door next to us. Of course, it was locked. "Fucking immature assholes!" He shouted, and walked out pissed off. 

She turned to me giggling, and lifted her skirt to reveal that she wore no panties. Her pussy was bald, and her lips slightly darkened showing that she had sex a lot. Propping her heel up on the toilet seat, she pulled me into her and I slid deep into her hole.

"Oops," She giggled again, then began to kiss my mouth as I tasted a mix of alcohol as our tongues played. I was stunned, because up until then, I was a virgin. Yes, I said it. A virgin. She helped me out along the way though, as I thrust into her cunt hard and then soft, and hard, and harder, and soft. I was unsure of what to do, so I just went along with how she reacted. She moaned, I pushed deeper. She moaned louder, I rammed her pussy hard. She bit my ear, I screamed. She giggled. Before I knew it, I had erupted into her cunt, filling her with sticky cum that dripped from my cock head.

"Oh shit!" She jumped. "I'm gonna get pregnant! Gee, my boyfriend is gonna be so mad at me." She confessed.

"What?" I backtracked, and felt my heart sink. My first real lay, and I was going to die. Yay me!

She collected her things and walked out of my stall, then turned around and said, "Call me," making that phone gesture to her ear.

I quickly pulled my pants back in place, and went back to work hiding out as was my usual way until my shift had ended.

I knew I was fired, and not only because I had just fucked the bosses daughter, but because the boss believed me to be gay and thought I was trying to fuck him.

I have more free time I suppose. Sometimes, late at night, my neighbor is out. A woman in her late 30's married to a jerk. She was average, looking nice in her clothes, fit with a nice set of tits. I have been wanting to fuck her since I saw her just a few short years ago.

Her husband was a businessman. Always away on business, doing business, and making lots of money.

Carrie, being her name, always thought that her husband was having an affair with another woman. She had spent every night wondering, and finally he confessed. They were outside one day, arguing about it. Tears ran down her cheeks, and she punched him in the mouth, causing him to almost fall backwards on his ass. He hopped in his car, and sped away.

For nights, I thought maybe I should go and say something. Talk to her. She wasn't the same since he left. I had the urge to do so one evening, and was ready to go, when I glanced towards the window at movement. The blinds to her house were still open, and she walked around topless. My cock stiffened in my pants. She continued walking around letting her tits show. I quickly turned off my lights, and crept towards my window, peeking at her while I remained in the dark.

I felt like such a pervert. I didn't care. I stuck my hand down my pants and grabbed my pecker, rubbing it slow as she stood at her television, changing the channels. I thought it was odd. She had a new television, and didn't have a remote. Maybe she threw it at her husband and it mashed to pieces. Yeah!

She moved out of the room for something, but I couldn't see her. Other curtains were closed. It must have been minutes before she reappeared. This time, she wore a top. I was disappointed. That was my cue to go jerk off.

I went to my room and turned on the light. Laying back on my bed I yanked my penis from its place, and masturbated to the thoughts of her delicious tits. That really set me off as I stroked furiously on my erection. I wanted those nipples in my mouth. To squeeze  them, and cum on them. Oh, that really did it for me, and I squirted a long stream of nut into the air and it landed on my stomach. Tissues were near for me to use, and I wiped the sticky jizz from my belly and tossed it into the trash can.

Night after night, I hoped that she would do it again. No such luck. I peeked out from my window only to see closed blinds and shadows moving around. One night, however, it happened. I just got home from a late shift at work. I was tired. As I walked towards the kitchen, I happened to look over towards the window and saw Carrie, again, walking around topless. Instant erection. She moved seductively around the house, and arranged things on shelves that probably didn't need to be fixed. 

"She's OCD," I thought to myself. My bulge pushing at the seams of my pants. She often disappeared, doing other things and leaving me with a huge boner, before coming back to the room. Tease.

This now was an every night thing. She would walk around, cleaning her house, and exposing those perfect round tits to me. Sometimes, she even touched them a little like it was nothing.

As I stared at her from the darkness of my home, through the open blinds to her lit living room, she turned and looked at me, and she covered her chest with her arms. "What?" I thought to myself, then realized I forgot to turn the damn hall light out behind me.

When I looked back towards the house, she was gone, and I heard her door slam shut. Before I knew what the hell to do, a loud knock echoed from my back door.

"Oh God, oh God, oh God, oh fuck!" I panicked. As I was going to hide somewhere, I heard another knock. "Oh shit!" I blurted. Wanting to explain myself, I answered the door, feeling my stomach twist and turn. I wanted to puke.

When I opened the door, Carrie stood looking at me, staring at me with lowered eyebrows and her arms folded over a button up shirt, holding her breast in away from view.

"Uh, hey, geez, um." Was all I could mutter.

"I saw you looking at me." She said, slightly raising her tone. "Did you like what you saw?" She asked, sounding really upset.

"I uh, yeah, um, no." I muttered again, trying to choose my answer carefully.

Before I could speak, she gave a small smile, almost enjoying torturing me. "It's oh kay," She said, speaking lower and no longer upset. "Can I tell you a secret?" She asked.

"Sure," I responded, not knowing if it was going to be bad or good.

"I knew all along that you were watching me." She admitted. "I saw you. The first night I walked around nearly nude, I saw you." She continued. "I left the room to find myself a shirt to wear, and looked outside from my bedroom window. I looked at your window, and I saw the outline of your face staring into my living room. I felt angry, and was going to call the cops. I stood around and debated on what I should do. I went upstairs and walked into my room," Carrie said, getting into the story. "I hadn't turned on the lights yet, and looked out to see your lights come on. I looked out, not really knowing why, but I did. Your curtain wasn't properly closed, and I could see straight to your bed.

"Uh oh, I know where this is going," I thought, feeling embarrassed now.

She dropped her arms slowly, leaving an opening to her shirt exposing her sexy cleavage. As I sneaked a few peeks at her, she kept talking. "I watched you play with your cock, masturbating and enjoying yourself. I only wondered what you were thinking about. Then I realized, it was me. It had to be." She sounded excited. "It was hot. Turned me on."

Before I could say anything, Carrie reached over and kissed my lips. Her hand cupped my pants over my bulge, and she whispered, "I see I'm doing it again. I just had to come and make sure you knew. And now, I just want to cum," She purred in my ear.

That was all it took, and I grabbed her wrist and led her to my room. 

We stripped off our clothes and she threw me on the bed, falling between my legs and taking me whole into her mouth. The tip of my cock touched the back of her throat, and she gagged, and held on sucking me hard and jerking me with a tight grip. I moaned softly, then grew louder as she sucked harder. "Cum in my mouth," She begged me. "Cum in my mouth!" I didn't hold back and did as she asked me to do. I let loose and semen shot out of me, hitting her tonsils as she gulped it down, licking her lips.

"Fuck me!" She now begged. I threw her onto the bed, and was going to fuck her, when she said, "From behind." Never done that. I did anyways. 
Using her hand, she got my cock hard again. I watched her get in doggy position and I slipped my cock in her from behind, in her behind.

"Oh, not yet!" She protested. "Here ya go," She said as she grabbed my cock and guided it into her fresh pussy. Not being able to control myself, I thrust harder, filling her deep and pounding against her ass hard as she screamed with lust and begged for me to go harder and deeper. My dick pumped her cunt for all its worth, and she groaned, and made sounds, and cried out in both pain and pleasure. I tore into her making her pussy lips red and bruised.

"Eat my pussy!" She demanded. Tossing me to the side, I fell on my back. She lifted herself over my face and lowered down for me to taste her juices. The sweetness combined with a slight salty taste drove me wild as I dove in, licking her lips and wiggling my tongue around to clean up her fluids with each orgasm. She had several. I was excited, and kept going. Another orgasm came and sent her body shaking as she released a gush of pussy juices all over my face and the sheets underneath me.

Pausing to collect herself, Carrie got into the doggy position again. "Oh kay," She said catching her breath, "Fuck my tight ass." I pulled myself up against her buttocks and inserted my cock between her cheeks and into her rectum. My thrusts were slow and she moaned with delight. 

"A little harder," She whispered, and I pushed in hard and smacked into her as I thrust more faster and harder. Before long, I was pounding against her ass making it red from skin slapping and hard fucking. My fingers reached underneath and played with her clitoris. She loved that, and made me stick more fingers in her while I beat against her ass fucking it with my dick.

"Oh, yeah," She groaned loudly. "Tear me up, baby. Cum in my hot tight ass!" She screamed aloud. I beat hard into her and released the thickest, hottest, stickiest load deep inside her back hole, making her wince, then cry out as she had one last powerful orgasm.

"Oh fucking shit!" I cried out. "That was so great." I said to her. We lay next to each other after that, and talked. Many thoughts went through our minds, and we came up with an idea.

To this day, we're still together. I'm now 32, and she's in her early forties. We keep up with the fantasies and stuff, peeking at her from my window. What's funny is she had went through her divorce. She got to keep the house, along with a shit load of money. She kept her home just so I could peep at her naked from my window. We're married and expecting a child in the next few months.



[END]