As promised, Lister got his present the next morning. Rimmer had locked it away in his trunk, the only place in the hut where Lister couldn’t get at it. It was a roughly square package, wrapped in linen and tied with string. When Lister unwrapped it, he looked up at Rimmer; apparently unimpressed. “A book?” he asked.

“Open it, you gimboid,” Rimmer said, exasperated. Lister carefully lifted the leather -bound cover and gasped, “Oh my God!”

It was a photo album. On the front page were pictures dating back to before the accident and, as he turned the pages, the years went by until the last few pictures showed the two of them sitting outside their hut on a sunny day here in Santa Ria, with big smiles. Lister was astounded. “How did you find all these?” he asked, “Some of them are years and years old! And how did you put all this together without me finding out?”

“Well,” Rimmer smiled patronisingly, “I think you might be surprised at what you found if you ever sorted through all the crap that’s in your trunk. And I put a few nights aside while you were out getting hammered with your friends.”

He sat down beside Lister and gently took the book out of his hands, “The best part is,” he said, “That there’s still a ton of empty pages in this thing, so we can keep adding pictures to it for years to come. It’ll be our special book of Us.”

“This is the most incredible present I’ve ever had,” Lister said softly, squeezing his hand. 

“Good,” Rimmer smiled, “Then all the paper cuts were worth it.”

“Wait here just a second,” Lister stood up, “I’ve got to go and retrieve your present from its hiding place.”

“You didn’t get it last night?”

“I couldn’t hide it in here,” Lister smiled, “It’s too big.” Rimmer’s face lit up.

When Lister came back, he shouted to Rimmer through the animal skins that covered the door of their hut, “You have to close your eyes and hold out your hands!”

“Okay!” Rimmer shouted back.

He heard Lister’s footsteps on the soft earth and then felt the weight of something in his hands. He opened his eyes; and then opened them wider. “Lister! This is amazing!”

“I had Ralph make it just for you,” Lister beamed. It was a long silver spear, slender and sharp. Rimmer weighed it in his hands. It would throw like a javelin. “Look at the top,” Lister urged, grinning. Rimmer studied it and laughed. Engraved into the top was an etching of a small bunny rabbit. “So every time you use it, you’ll think of me,” Lister smiled, “And remember that you’re doing this job because I can’t.” Rimmer hugged him.

Kryten made a superb Christmas meal at his place and they all swapped presents over lunch. Like Kriss, Kryten had received a lot of gifts from the community because of how well he’d got to know everyone working at the laundry; and they’d obviously come to know him very quickly. He had a total of seven new different kinds of mop, five new scrubbing brushes, and a bunch of people had clubbed together to get him a steam press. He was on cloud nine.

Once the sun started going down, people began to drift out into the streets. The huge communal fire was lit, and tables set out with goodies and hot mulled wine were placed around in the snow. Everywhere you looked there were people waving, hugging, smiling and exclaiming over gifts. 

After about half an hour, Lister and Rimmer were becoming very glad that they’d thought of bringing their sacks. Although they’d initially become lighter as they gave their presents out, they hadn’t considered just how many presents they might be getting from other people and it wasn’t long before their sacks were full again.

As the last light faded from the sky and the shadows cast by the fire became inky black, the snow began to fall again in a thick heavy blanket. The villagers huddled closer to the fire, listening to the sputtering hiss as the flakes dropped into the heat. Some people were singing carols.

Lister stood alone, listening to the singers and warming his hands, while Rimmer did some compulsory socialising with his work-mates over by the food-tables. He seriously felt that this was just about the best Christmas he’d ever had. He caught sight of Ethan a little way away, talking to a group of guys from the sheep farm, and gave him a smile and a wave when he looked up. Ethan waved back, gesturing with a grin that he was wearing the new scarf that Lister and Rimmer had got him. Yes; this was a good Christmas. They really did belong here.

He felt a hand on his arm and turned round to see Jason smiling at him; “Here you are! I’ve been looking for you for ages!”

“Sorry, man,” Lister smiled back, “I was having a reflective moment. When did you get here?”

“Just after sundown. If you get here too late they always run out of those little sugar pastries. Anyway...surprise! Santa’s here!” He held out a tiny package. Lister took it, intrigued, and pulled off the wrapping.

“Wow!” A round copper pendant on a length of leather thong slid out into his palm. 

“I made it,” Jason said proudly, “Is it okay?”

“It’s fantastic,” Lister said sincerely. He held it up to take a closer look. The copper glowed like something enchanted in the firelight. There was a symbol carved onto it. “What’s this?” he asked Jason.

“Oh, well, I wanted it to be something personal just for you, you know? So I designed the picture especially. It’s not an ancient mystic symbol or anything; it’s just meant to show a merging of a star and a flower. The star is for all the time you spent in space and the flower is to represent your connection to the earth now that you’re a farm boy, like us.” Jason smiled.

Lister shook his head, touched; “Jase, that’s so beautiful. I don’t know what to say!” 

“Here. Let me help you put it on.” He took it gently out of Lister’s hand and stepped forward to tie it deftly around his throat. As he fastened the knot behind his neck, he looked down into Lister’s face and smiled, “You’re cheeks have gone red.”

“It must be the fire,” Lister replied, looking away, embarrassed. Jason took a step back and looked at him critically; “It suits you,” he said. Lister reached up to touch it. The metal felt warm against his skin.

“Jason!” Rimmer appeared from behind Lister’s shoulder, “Merry Christmas!”

“Merry Christmas, Arn,” Jason smiled. Lister turned to his lover and showed him the necklace, “Look what he gave me!”

“That’s nice,” Rimmer said with genuine appreciation.

“He made it,” Lister added.

“Wow. That’s very impressive.” Rimmer put an arm around Lister’s waist, “Do you want to go home soon? I don’t want to be a wet blanket, but I think I’ve eaten way too much and I can feel a quantity of mulled wine sloshing around in my stomach. The two aren’t mixing very well.”

“That’s okay. I’m starting to get chilly anyway.” He caught sight of Adam and Richard a little way away, “Just let me give Adam his present and we’ll go. Thanks again for the necklace, Jason. It’s awesome.”

“Any time,” Jason smiled.

Lister went over to where his two other friends were standing, “Hey guys! Merry Christmas!”

“Dave! Where have you been hiding?”

“Over by the fire. Sorry to bail on you, but Rimmer’s staring to feel queasy so I think we’re heading home.”

“Aw, come on. Stay just a bit longer. There’s still some food left!”

“It’s okay. I think I’m ready to call it a night anyway. I just wanted to give you this.” He handed the bottle of rum to Adam. 

“Nice one!” Adam grinned, “This’ll keep me going for a while.” He nodded to the pendant round Lister’s neck, “I see you got your present from Jason then. Nice.”

“How’d you know it was from Jason?” Lister asked, “I thought we were meant to be keeping it all secret?”

“Yeah, that didn’t last long. It was me who picked your name out of the hat, but Jason asked me to swap.”

“Why?”

“Dunno. Perhaps he’d already made it for you.”

“That must be it...” Lister murmured. “Anyway, have a nice night, guys. I’ll see you tomorrow, yeah?”

“Yeah, I reckon so. Take care of Rimmer, he looks like he’s going green.”

“Wonderful,” Lister rolled his eyes, ‘Night.”

“Night.”