Ever since my childhood dad used to be always on tours abroad for his business and I lived with my mother. This brought us both very close. My mother was very broad minded and liberal in her behaviour with me. She never used to mind my presence while she changed sarees. And as I grew up I started carving for her. She was 53", plump Indian woman with a silken complexion resembling marble.

By the time I got 26 it became impossible for me not to make love to her. She was 49 and had put on a bit extra flesh due to age and that made her look more desirable. It was a feast to my eyes to watch her buxom bosom sway in her saree pallu, her full round mature bottom sizzle in her chiffon sarees. My mother used to wrap sarees low on her white satini belly blowing her hot navel. Her navel was my week-point. She had one bewitching navel!

That day it was her 50th birthday and I thought it to be my best chance to woo her. I went to her bedroom in the morning,"Many many happy returns of the day, Amma(mommy)." I said. She looked pale. I knew she was missing dad on her special day. She just looked at me and kept silent. I went close to her bed where she was reading something and said,"Come on Amma. You should celebrate your golden jubilee." She was almost into tears,"Anandyou will not understand a womans sorrow. You are too young for that. I took her hand in mine and said,I am not a kid anymore, Amma. I do understand how much you miss dad today. But you know he is always so busy, Amma. Why dont you deal with your life wisely? I am going to get mad, Anand. I dont understand how to live such a lonlely life? I have no way out either, Anand." Amma said. 

I did not have the guts but I managed to blurr out,"Amma, you know how much I love you. You must enjoy life, mom. I will do anything to bring back your happiness, Amma."

Oh Anand.you can do nothing about it. How can you get back your dad in my life?" She watched me inquisitively.

Amma, I always wished you were my wife. You are so attractive and sensuous that you make a perfect dream-woman for me. Were you my wife I would have overflown you with love and joy, Amma. My mother looked shocked but suddenly she continued as if nothing serious had happened,"Am I still attractive.a 50 year ols fat old woman?" She laughed. But my mother always used to be all ears for a word of praise, I knew.

"Yes Amma. You are the most beautiful and attractive woman I have ever seen. You look damn sensuous in low sarees" I looked straight into my mothers brown eyes. Her eyes glew with an unfamiliar tint. She flashed an inviting smile,

"You have certainly grown up ow..you like women flashing navelshah?" I felt hot talking about it to my mother.

"Only you, Amma. You have a terrific navel. Why did you stop that?" I was trying to make her feel comfortable

"I have put on so much bellyand will it look good on a fifty year old woman?" Amma watched me curiously.

"It will definitely suite you. You are not that fat, Amma. Your figure is still so much in formIt will look so feminine for a woman with marble complexion like that of yours. You can make young boys crazy with that."

"Do you find me that sensuous, Anand?" Amma asked me. Her black curls were dancing over her white fleshy cheeks. Her pink lips looked moist.

"Yes Ammayou are damn sensuous" I said. My fifty year old mother blushed dark red in her cheeks. She had no courage to look at her 26 year son. She had not heard such praise for years and she was dying for that, I knew."Amma, I will celebrate your birthday this evening. Will you play my wife just for one evening? I will not do anything that you do not likejust try Ammaplease"

"Ananddd.how can I? You are my son.this is not right." She said but I knew that the woman inside her was deeply touched somewhere. I dared and gathered my pious mother in my arms and said, "Amma, this will remain in just you and me. I will make you very happy,Amma." She did not protest my hugging her but said,"AnandpleeeaseI feel so scared" I was getting very hot feeling my mothers plump soft body. She was trembling in my embrace.

"Dont be afraid. I am with you, Amma!". She looked deep inside my eyes.

"What if your dad comes to know this?" She looked like a college-girl. I cupped her bare waist with both hands and assured her,

"He wont ever. I promise you, my sweetheart." Mommy looked at me naughtily. She was flattered with that word.. "sweetheart"!

"Oh Anand..my darling son" She glued herself to me and whispered in my ears,"I will be ready at 8 in the evening..Come home early, tonight." I was on cloud nine to hear those words from her mouth. I had seduced her.my bomb-shell mother!

I came back home in the evening. I was spellbound as she opened the door for me. I could not believe my own eyesMy mother was looking very hot clad in a bottle-green rich silk saree. Her dark green satin blouse made an inviting contrast with her white silky complexion. She had tucked in her hair in a french bun and had a light coat of make-up put on. I had an instant hard-on watching my sexy mother tightly wrapped up in that saree.

"How do I look? Is it ok?" She asked me adjusting the saree pallu over her shoulder deliberately flashing her navel. She had her saree slanting in front over her white fleshy waist and had tucked in her saree pleattes about two inches below her navel."You look bomb-shell, Amma." I said. Amma smiled suggestively. Our eyes met with a longing desirea forbidden desire

I took my darling mother in my arms. She embedded her self to me as if she was my real wife. As I started feeling her ample body she started breathing heavy. She felt more arousing from over that silk saree. I rubbed my face in her neckon her cheeks. The perfume of her lipstick was filling up my nostrils

"Oh Amma you are damn sexy, my baby." I was handling her in every way I could and she was letting me do that willingly.

"Yessss Anandddd.my lovehold me tightpleeeeease" She murmered suffoating herself in my embrace, belly to belly. Her wailing was heating me up. Suddenly she moved away and said to me,"Lets do it smoothly..step by step. This is our first time and I want to give you all I can so that youll be happy."

"How about beer, mom? I always wanted to drink with you." Mommy was happy. She brought a couple of beers from the refrigerator and poured our glasses. We were sipping beer looking at each other lustfully. Mommy was giving very hot looks. I could not take my eyes off the bulge in her saree pallu."You have a deadly bust, Amma." I said. 

Amma giggled and watched me with dreamy eyes. Then she gulped the beer and said,"You knowyou really give me hots talking dirty like that" I was welcomed to talk dirty with my mother"Come here, sexy." I said. Amma came and sat by my side. I grabbed her with my left arm and gulped my beer. I poured some more beer. We were enjoying the drink feeling each other. After a couple of beers her eyes turned redish and she flung her white corpulent arms around my neck,"I am so lucky to have a young, manly lover like you" I cupped her bare hips and said,"I am all yours, my Amma darling."

We engaged in our first passionate embrace.though forbidden!! My mother was satiating her hunger feeling my body. Slowly I slipped my hand down over her back and felt her ripe feminine derrier. Sheer feel of my mothers vivacious bottom drove me so wild that I squeezed her there."Oooouuchdahling." She panted and brought her pink moist lips close to mine. My chin was getting sprayed with her hot breadth just then she uttered with her eyes half-shut,"Kiss me my lovekiss me please, Anand." I took her mouth in my mouth. To my surprise Amma started smooching me voraciously darting her little tongue deep in my mouth. I sucked on her hot juicy tonguechewed her lips real wild. She had her mouth pressed real hard over mine instigating me to extract every drop from her warm slippery mouth. 

I started byting her lower lip. She wailed. I was sucking on my mothers willing mouth raveling her hair from her hair-do, for long fifteen minutes. Then she flicked her tongue in my ears whispering,

"Love my navel like you loved my lips, Anand. I like it so much, darling." 

She sprayed some perfume over her belly and in her navel. Then she made me sit on sofa and standing in front of me she dropped her saree pallu off her undulating bosom!My mother was looking absolutely irresistible with her plush white belly bared upto three inches below her navel.Those silver stretch marks on her lower belly looked more erotic.There was drooping redish mark of her silver chain on her soft delicate lower belly. Her deep cleavage looked swaiting from the low-neck of her satin blouse. Fingering her navel she said,"Anand, you like my navel, no? Come on baby make love to it then" I grabbed her by her corpulent hips and flicked my tongue from the pleattes of her saree to her navelpit. Her belly quivered. Amma was smelling damn arousing in her navel. I stirred my tongue deep inside her belly-flower. Her entire torso writhed,"Uuuuuui.maaaaaaahah.yeeeeeshoney.." 

My fifty year old mother was whirling like fish in my tight grip and I held her firm unleashing my lust for her hot spot. She burried my face in her soft white belly that was without a single blemish marred. I was tampering her belly brutally stamping my teeth marks everywhere..Her navel glistened with my salivaand my eyes caught that jutting abundance in her blouse. I made my mother sit on my lap. Her bottom rested over my lap spread-up and I started fondling her boobies from over that satin blouse.

"You have deadly knockers, Amma darling." I said. Mommy blushed once again and said in a husky voice,"Like em?" She was at ease with me by now. I lifted her up in both arms and took her to my bedroom. She once again smooched me while in my arms. As we came in my bedroom I made her sit on my bed and started undoing hooks of her blouse. She breathed heavy as I unhooked. When all the hooks came off her luxuriant bosom sprang in her black bressier. Mommy flung her arms back to unstrap her bressier. She looked real bitch in that pose with her bust pushed out and her bra came off in a second

My god!!! My mother was there topless before me. Her tits were hardened dark red in those two inch pink circles. A black mole shined prominently just over her right nipple and one in her corpulent cleavage. The expanse of her feminity was mind blowing. The bust that I had been watching bouncing in her saree pallu was uncovered now.

"Amma you are an aphrodite, my doll." I said watching my mothers milky white nurtured bosom. She held those enormous melons of lust in both hands and said,"You have turned me on like never before, Anand. See you have set my boobies on fire with your passion. Now quench my thirst please.Your Amma is dying to get crushed in your powerful hands. Take me nowpleasesqueeze the hell out of your starving mommy..I am all yoursAnand" I cupped her boobs and flicked the tip of my tongue over her left tit. She sighed. Slowly I started queezing her boobs. She breathed high.

"Oh my darlingmy boobymy mommy dollI was not in my senses and crushed her bare breast hard.She had her eyes shut. I sucked on her one tit and she started shoving her entire bosom in my mouth like a bitch on heat. I responded by biting her nipples real hard. Amma choked. I was drawing immense pleasure in making her choke like that. I bite her boobs red and blue. I chewed her tits until they were swollen. Amma was so much hot that she started rubbing her boobs over my face.over my chest.

"Take off your pants, darling" I did and her mouth watered at the sight of the bulge in my underwear. She made me lie on bed and came over me rubbing her steaming boobies on the bulge in my underwear. I never knew she would be so horny at this age. Then she started licking me from toe to head. That was hell lot of erotic experience. She slided my underwear and her eyes glitered. She took the lipstick and coated her lips abundantly. I was in heavens watching my fifty year old mother satiating her lust. She rolled her boobs over my red hot penis for some time and then holding my hard cock in her delicate hand she brought her face close to it. She started feeling my meat over her cheeksher neckher eyes. I was dying to see her red hot lips over my cock. I was delighted to find my mother to be an excellent cock-lover. First she loved my balls with her mouth. Then looking straight in my eyes she traced the length of my cock from base to tip with her tongue.

She placed a few wet kisses over my red shining tip and said,"I had never imagined your cock to be so big and thickHad I known it before you could have had me stripped anytime." She was smelling my manhood.

"Suck me in your sexy mouth,Amma." I said and lit a cigarrette. Looking at me she took me deep inside her mouth and clutched it with her hot slippery mouth muscles inside. I almost left my skin at that epicure touch. I was smoking watching my mothers head dance over my cock. She sucked my cock leaving her lipstick traces all over. Her sweating face glew with an auro of heavenly lust. She was getting it difficult to swallow my entire penis but she was opening her mouth wide open giving me a deep throat.

"You look damn sexy sucking my cock, Amma." I said. Spiting her saliva over the tip of my penis my brazen mother said,"You have made me crazy for your young hard cock. You want to come in my mouth?" I couldnt believe my ears as my mother said that."I want to do it in your ass, Amma." I said. Amma looked surprised and pleased. Banging my cock over her cheeks she said,"Will you really do me there? I always dreamed of that. But be gentle. I am doing first time from behind." Amma looked worried.

"Dont worry my doll. Youll love it." Amma got up and blushingly peeled off her saree and undid the lace of her saree-slip. She looked real temptress while steeping out of that gog lying on floor. Now my 50 year old mother was on mere unstraped black bra and red panties!!!

Her full round derrier was popping out from those skimp red panties. She bent down with her back at me and slipped her panties. Her bare bottom was oozing steam from every direction and my sexy mother stood completely nude smiling at me!

"Wow Amma..you have a terrific ass, my love." I said unable to take my eyes off my moms big white ass. My hands grabed my hard-on spontaneously."Oh really?" Amma thew her panties over my face. I smelt my mothers panties.Her rich perfume triggered my libido like never before. My mother was smiling shamelessly at me as I sniffed her panties. Her face reflected a victorious female.

"Come on darling, love my virgin ass with your pole. I want to feel you deep inside." She crawled on bed and sat with her ripe glistening derrier tossed high up in air. I almost jumped to bed and gathered my mothers bare bottom with both hands. She had lot many moles on her ass and one shinned just near the crack of her ass. My darling mother looked so seductive in that pose that I started licking her ass. biting her fleshful soft asscheeks. I split her asscheeks wide open and my eyes sparkled at the sight of the pink crack of my mothers voluptuous ass!

"Come on Anandput it in my assfast..please.." I rubbed my hard penis in that crack and her enormous rear torso writhed. My mother started giggling like a college-girl. I pushed hard with a powerful thrust and went half way in her virgin ass. My mother gasped, "Uuuuuuuui.mmmaaaaaaaahaaaaaaahhhh raajaits tooo big for meno.nooo.nooh pleeeeeeasse Anandttttits hurtingg..noooooo"

"You are damn tight Anandd.bear for a second my dolll" I was not to give up on that beautiful full round ass of a mature woman.my hot ass mother. I made one more attempt and I was fully inside my mothers steaming ass. With her tight slippery ass flushed to my cock I started pumping my mother from behind. She too started feeling sweet by then and gyrated her massive womahood from under. I couldnt have been happier than that as I watched my naked mother from behind dancing on my cock. Her magnanimous thighs banged my crotch making smacking sounds and her screams filled up the room, making the atmosphere more erotic.

I was pulling out and pushing in again so that she can get more pleasure. Everytime I penetrated her tight little asshole, she screamed damn sexy. I was fucking her beautiful ass relentlessly and my mother was sizzling real hot on my love-pole. Finally I filled up her ass with my wads. While ejaculating my cock hardened so much that it literally inflated my mothers ass & she screamed real loud. I was completely exhausted and fell on bed. I could see blood drops on the bedsheet. I had broken my mothers rear seal!

Mommy fell over me.with her lipstick gone all astray over her cheeks..her hair all entangledher tits swollen..her ass still dripping my juices.all drained!!!

"You literally made me young like twenty years ago, Anand." She said running her fingers in my chest hair. I pulled her over and said fondling her ass,"Amma, you have a real tight hot ass. I am sold out on your beautiful derrier." Then she kissed me once more and said mischievously, "You broke open your Ammas rear door. So I am your half-wife as it isnow you can come in there anytime, Anand."

"You like it there, Amma?" I asked. Amma nodded yes blushingly. I embraced my naked mother tight in my arms. She sighed in utter satisfaction. That night I fucked my sensuous mother four times. We celebrated her birthday exploring different acmes of sexual ecstacy. At around 5 in the morning we went to sleep. She slept with my cock rested in her deep round navel.

Next day I gathered her while she was making chapatis on kitchen board and sliped her panties down. I pushed her on board and emptied my wads again in her ass. I bought her fancy sareesbras and panties. We started indulging in various fantasies.

For last one year my Mother is sleeping in my bed all nude with a loud make-up on. Shes found a satisfying, caring and loving man in me and I have got my sex-bomb mother with hot navel and tight ass. 
