Sophie Digitally Naked in School
by Executionus

Part 9:

I looked around in the auditorium seating area trying to locate Jerry and the freshman boy Haylee knew who was supposed to secretly be on my side who was tasked with luring Jerry here, but I couldn't see anyone in here at first. It was only when I looked towards the stage itself that I saw the two boys, both frozen in awe from my sudden appearance through the right-side door to the outside. Jerry was standing there, looking as poser-hood as usual despite being a gamer boy...and 14. Of course, I was expecting him. What threw me for a loop was the other boy with him: Ben, the cute and sweet freshman Sophie met in the computer lab earlier today!

I guess Haylee knew him all along. I smile inside at this lucky break, because I already had this feeling that I could trust Ben after our conversation earlier. I mean, he had no idea that was me, but still. Ben called Minka his dream girl earlier, and I knew that he meant it. He would do anything to earn Minka's approval, and Minka's kiss, and I was more than willing to give him both and more if this all worked out in the end.

Ben broke the silence "Oh my God, it really is you!"

Jerry then added "Sweet! I heard people saying your name was Minka. So why is somebody so fine dating Arnold's dumb ugly sister anyway? Like, you could do WAAAY better"

So you have chosen death. Brutal, merciless death. You don't know that yet, but you have. I notice a look of shock and sadness hit Ben's face, though. The poor boy looks heartbroken from hearing that Minka was taken. I felt myself filled with a strong desire to fix that ASAP to keep Ben on my side, but also because half of the reason I was even here was to split Sophie and Minka as far apart as possible.

"First of all" I responded in a very intense version of my Minka voice and accent "Sophie Vos is just my friend, we're not dating. I'm actually single just for the record. Second of all, you are never to speak that way about her or any of my other friends ever again."

Jerry threw up his hands "Or else what? Ok so Arnold was being such a chicken shit all freaking day about it, afraid of you catching us, but I guess now you finally figured it out so there's no point being quiet. Yeah, I leaked your shit, and now every guy in school has seen your tits, ass, and vag. Don't be a snowflake about it. You WANTED everyone to look, that's why you posed for those pictures in the first place. You sent them to Arnold's sister, who you're not even dating apparently. She probably wasn't even the only chick you sent them to. Don't pretend to be some modest virgin now. We all deserved to have a look instead of just letting other girls hog it."

The fact that I actually AM an extremely modest virgin seems almost like a distant memory to both the Minka and Sophie parts of my brain, but it's still real and deep down my brain knows it. Deep down I want to go back to hiding in my big clothes, never taking them off again even for bathing purposes. I'll just take showers in jeans and sweat shirts from now on. I'll find a way to make that work somehow.

Before I could say any form of comeback, Ben yelled out "Dude! You leaked Minka's pictures all over the school WITHOUT her consent. Don't you see what a bitch move that was?"

I was taken aback a little bit by Ben defending my honor like that, especially since it honestly sounded very sincere. I personally witnessed just how much my pictures meant to him earlier today, and yet hearing that they were leaked against my will has actually made this horny young boy angry on my behalf even if he benefitted from the leak. He really is such a sweetheart clearly.

Jerry fired back "It's just pictures, man, and I'm tired of every girl in this school being a dike and flashing each other while not letting us guys ever see anything. This way we all got to see her naked. You know, share the wealth. It's like the Fappening! What's the big deal? You were staring at her pics too, Ben"

Being called out like that led Ben to close up and stop talking back, as if the guilt was suddenly getting to him. He had such a pitiful look on his face, like he felt really bad about seeing me naked now. I didn't like that at all, this wasn't his fault. I mean I do hate that everyone has nude pictures of me, hate it with every drop of enraged blood in my veins. But still, if I'm going to be naked for the whole damn school anyway, he should get to enjoy himself to me just like everyone else. That's nothing to feel guilty about. I understand being lost in horniness better than anyone else in this stinking school.

I yelled out "Ben's allowed to look at my pictures now that they're out in public. He's cute, I like when cute boys admire me. This isn't his fault, it's yours!"

Ben blushed bright red and looked at the floor when I called him cute, which honestly made him look even more cute than before.

Jerry then shrugged and told me "Whatever. I still say that if you had a good dicking from a real man that you wouldn't be into girls any more."

Bingo! That's exactly the opening that I needed. I start walking up the short stairway to the stage while responding "Oh, a real man's dick huh? Is that you? No seriously, tell me Jerry boy...do you have the equipment required to pull me over to the straight side?"

As I got closer, he became visibly more nervous "Well...yeah. If you slept with me, you'd be all-in on craving dick. No girl would be able to satisfy you any more"

I walked right up to him now "Bold words, because I know a few VERY talented girls that you would need to upstage. But seeing as how we are literally standing on a stage, maybe I can give you a chance to back up your promises...as long as they're not empty promises."

Ben suddenly asked "Whoa, what are you doing? Why are you hitting on HIM?" in a way that showed he wasn't comfortable with this at all.

Ben was looking a little flustered by me giving Jerry all this attention despite Jerry being so mean to me where he had been so nice. He's right, there's no reason that Minka should be making such an offer to Jerry with a cute sweetheart like Ben standing right there, but this was needed for my plan to get revenge on Jerry. I just couldn't let Ben know that without tipping off Jerry, but I still couldn't bring myself to basically betray Ben completely like that. I had to do something fast to make this right.

I quickly switched over to Ben, walking right in front of him "Sweet sexy Ben, I haven't forgotten about you, not one single bit. I just need to see if the big talker can back up his words first, or if he will chicken out. You get something he doesn't, though...specks of green on your lips"

I then shocked both boys when I kissed Ben. Ben froze, afraid of touching me with his hands in any way during the kiss, which was adorable in a way. I used my hands to wrap his arms around my waist, then wrapped mine around his chest. I could almost hear the sound of his heart beating up against my breasts, and I made sure to press them against his chest as firmly as I could. Ben's kissing style was extremely timid, letting me control every bit of it. It occurred to me halfway through that this might actually be his first kiss ever! When that thought hit me, I realized that I had an obligation to make sure that this was very memorable for him in a positive way. I wanted to make him feel that he did good, that he wowed me, as a boost to his confidence and to make him happy. It took me a few seconds to think up a good idea for that, and then I released a sexy little moan inside of his mouth while we kissed! I wouldn't call it "faked" but it was something I did on purpose, since even Jay's wild kiss earlier didn't actually force a moan out of me. But still, he deserved that feeling of sexual conquest in this moment.

Finally I broke the kiss, leaving Ben bright red with a look of pure bliss on his face (and indeed, specks of green on his lips). I then walked back to Jerry "As for you...we're on a stage right now. It's actually a fantasy of mine to have sex on a stage, even if there isn't an audience watching us. Consider this your audition, big talker. Let me see what you're working with! Take it off, take it ALL off for me, boy. If I like what I see, then you 'get the part in this play', if you get my drift."

Jerry stepped backwards "Wait what? I'm not..."

I interrupted him "You were the one who said that I needed a good dicking from a real man. That requires me seeing your dick first, boy. Don't be a wussy, you've seen my pussy. This is your one and only chance, you will not get another one. Are you going to chicken out and go back to jerking off to my pictures when you could've had the real thing?"

The use of "boy" when I addressed him and targeting his manhood were both deliberate, as I needed to make him feel emasculated enough to actually take my dare and strip naked right here right now on the school stage. The fact that somebody else could walk in here at any time was not lost on any of the three of us. The only way that he was going to actually go through with this was if I got him horny for me while also insinuating that him refusing my offer made him less of a man. Teenage boys will do literally anything to prove how manly they are. I could see on Jerry's face that he was considering it.

Jerry stammered "How..how do I know...that you'll actually fuck me after? Like, how do I know you won't chicken out after getting to see me naked?"

I smiled cockily "You don't. That's the point, this is an audition. You only get the part if I'm impressed with your dick. Not going to lie, boy, you're showing some real little dick energy over here by hesitating when a perfect 10 is offering you the chance to have her pussy milk every drop of sperm from your cock right here right now. Usually when I tell a MAN to strip for me, they do it without complaining. Are you a man or a boy?"

The look on Ben's face told me that he had figured out my plan now, at least this part of it. Jerry then shouted "I'm a man! I'm just not an idiot. Y..you..you need to get naked too. If you do it, then I will!"

I wasn't acting when I replied "Excuse me?" in a voice of pure bewilderment.

Jerry was shaking with nervousness so much that I could easily see it as he commanded "You first! That way..I know I can..trust you. I'm not taking anything off until you do!"

This was ridiculous. I wasn't wanting a negotiation over here. Offering sex really should have worked better than it did, but Jerry is visibly terrified at the thought of letting me see his dick. It's like he made the offer to me not expecting me to take it, like this was his way out while saving face. He's obviously very shy about his body, way more than the average teenage boy. I was starting to wonder if my "little dick energy" comment was more accurate than I was expecting it to be, and if it had hit a nerve in him when I said it. The whole point of this exercise was to humiliate Jerry though, and if he really is THAT ashamed of girls seeing his naked weiner then everything I do here will be worth it as long as I get pictures of it to share with everyone. I guess I have no choice but to call his bluff.

"Ugh, fine." I groan "But here's the rule: If I take something off, you have to take it off too, period. No excuses. If you chicken out I am telling the entire school what a loser you are."

I could see fear in his eyes mixed with arousal. The fear actually seemed the stronger reaction, which is crazy when a girl just offered to strip naked for him. Now I really couldn't wait to see just how tiny his precious peen really was to fill him with this level of terror.

Wait...holy crap, did I just talk myself into STRIPPING NAKED IN FRONT OF TWO BOYS, ONE OF WHICH I'M ATTRACTED TO? Oh God, why did I do that? I mean I flashed my tits earlier, but that was only a few seconds, and it was just my top. Am I going to have to get fully completely naked? And I'm standing on a stage, a PUBLIC stage where anybody could walk in and catch me! There is a whole horde of students outside trying to hunt me down and find me. What if all of them check inside of here? What if dozens of boys all catch me completely naked? They'd see everything I have...which I guess they already did, but this would be IN PERSON. And what if they did more than just look.... I would be defenseless! Shit shit shite, I can't do this. Just thinking about going this far is making me feel light-headed. I need to back out now before I go too deep. Revenge isn't worth humiliating myself too, is it?

I notice my hands grabbing the hem of my skimpy halter top. I don't remember telling them to grab it, it's like I'm on auto-pilot again. Minka. The part of me that is Minka is trying to give me the courage I need to go through with this. I have to do this, I have no choice. It's the only way to make Jerry pay. I have to strip naked for him...and also Ben. Grrr, thinking about me stripping naked in front of Ben is filling my head with LOTS OF UNHELPFUL HORNY THOUGHTS right now.

I am very careful when taking my shirt off, making sure to not mess up my make-up. The last thing I need is Jerry recognizing me as Sophie after all of this crap. When my shirt hits the floor, baring my tan bra to the boys, both of them openly stare with their mouths open. I glance at my own chest and it suddenly occurs to me that this color is called a "nude" bra because of how it matches my natural skin color, making me look extremely topless right now even if I'm actually not.

I assume a very dominant stance and point at Jerry "There. Now take yours off, hurry up." I glanced over at Ben and then suddenly words escaped my mouth without me consciously saying them "You too if you want, sexy sweetheart"

Wow I did not mean to say that out loud! I actually blush a little bit from embarrassment, and then I accidentally let myself smile big when Ben suddenly takes off his shirt and bares that thin-but-ripped chest for me. That boy may be a little short and skinny, but there is like ZERO fat on those abs! Rawr. He's looking very shy and nervous, but he didn't hesitate at all. The sight is very yummy. Oh my God, IS HE GOING TO STRIP NAKED FOR ME TOO? Oh crap oh crap, my brain has been FAR too horny today to be able to withstand it if Ben takes it all off for me. No no no, that's too much. I would lose control, that would be bad. Minka may act experienced but I am a VIRGIN over here! Nobody, not one guy or girl has ever actually stripped naked for me before, never ever never. I fantasize about it all day and all night, I can't even pay attention in school because I'm imagining my classmates stripping naked for me. I want this so bad. I was ok with Jerry because I'm not attracted to him and this was just business towards my revenge. But Ben? WOOF!! And...and I would be naked at the same time. We would be naked TOGETHER! Oh God oh God oh God oh God. I have to stop this before he loses any more clothes, before my pussy gets any wetter, and before my brain fries any more....

I open my mouth to tell him to stop as I say "Mmm, delicious. You're more than welcome to keep playing the game with us all the way to the end"

Wait, goddamnit! That's not what I was supposed to say! Argh. I'm too horny to tell him to stop. I want to see it all, everything my sexy sweet freshman has hidden under there. Bah. I guess I just have to roll with it. I turn towards Jerry after a few seconds of blatant admiring of Ben, and his shirt has finally come off too. He's wearing a wifebeater undershirt though, so he isn't completely topless like Ben is.

That doesn't work with my plan so I tell Jerry "Lose the second shirt too, come on. Be like Ben"

Jerry, shaking like crazy, replies "You have to lose yours first! That..w..way we're all t..topless"

I was about to say something in response, but he's right. His wifebeater is basically the equivalent to a bra for guys. In for a penny in for a pound.... I reach behind by back to unhook my bra. Oh my God this is so scary! I'm about to go topless IN SCHOOL! ON A STAGE! Minka may consider this some fetish of hers, but Sophie considers this a nightmare. Sophie's worst nightmare ever to be honest. My bra is unhooked, but I just can't bring myself to take it off. Sophie doesn't want these two boys to see me topless, to see my little super-hard nipples standing here. Minka though wants these boys to stare, wants the boys to get hard for me. Minka wants to SEE their hardness in person like two little trophies that I earned. Sophie wants to faint and die right now, or at least run away screaming. Minka thinks Sophie is being weak and needs to own her sexiness already.

I have to decide which girl I am now, I can't be both at once. I keep falling back into Sophie because Minka is a front. I need to EMBRACE her now. I can't be Sophie acting like Minka. I need to fully transform, no longer holding anything back. I need to become the kind of powerful woman who would stand nude on a stage in front of the entire school and let them all watch as I used my fingers to get off from their eyes on my skin! I have to chant the command inside my head and MEAN IT this time.

Sophie no more
My name is Minka
I am Minka and Minka alone
Until the make up leaves my face
NOT ONE MOMENT SOONER!

The wave of sexy badass energy flows through me. God, this is like turning Super Saiyan, I feel 50x more powerful instantly. I rip the bra off of my chest confidently, holding it outward to my side and dangling it in the air a few seconds. I wiggle my chest and my arm a little bit to be a tease before dropping the bra to the ground. I'm topless, topless in school, and I feel ALIVE! My nipples point outwards. I angle my chest in such as way as to make one nipple point towards each boy, as a neat little way of claiming my dominance over them. They know it. They know that I am in charge here.

I don't even talk, I just stare a hole in Jerry until his undershirt hits the floor too. I'm pissed off at the little bastard, but part of me isn't sad about seeing his chest. It's not bad, although not as nice as Ben's firm definition. Mmm Ben.

Somehow my brain was hit with the unstoppable urge to make a specific comment, which I just blurt out because fuck restraint "Yummy yummy! Ben and Jerrys sure is tasty...and I don't mean the ice cream"

Hehe. Sophie would've cringed at that line, but she can't tell me what to say anymore. Besides, both boys blush and giggle from it. Pickup line successful. And to think, this is only the beginning of this stage play. By the time the curtain falls, both of these boys will be naked for me...I can feel it.


Part 10:

I can't wait to see how the rest of this goes...all three of us are going to be naked in no time, and I'm getting those pictures! Man, I should get pictures of Ben's body and special anatomy too, even if those aren't shared. Those will be mine, and I will treasure them like a winning lottery ticket!

Not wasting any more time, I place my hands on the waistband of my skirt. Their eyes light up, realizing that the skirt is going down too. God this is fun, every sweat drop on their blushing faces is like a point for me...and I'm going for the high score! I'm not saying anything, just letting my actions speak for themselves. I unhook the latch and then inch my waistband down slowly, dramatically alternating between my left hand and my right, and sometimes pulling upwards instead of down just to be mean. Neither boy blinks the entire time.

I need to finish this up in style, remaining the dominant one. I know just the trick.... I part my legs wide as I pull my skirt down my thighs, finally showing off my entire panties for the horny boys. My only regret is that I'm not wearing sexy panties like Jay was earlier (just basic green hipsters), but at the start of this day I had NO IDEA that any boy was going to see them. Maybe next time, if there is one. Either way, I let go of my panties, and with the waistband unhooked they are only being held up on my thighs by the fact that my legs are parted. I pose for my audience for a couple seconds before I take two steps forward, bringing my legs together and allowing the skirt to drop to the ground beneath me effortlessly. I walk out of it without missing a beat, as if I just walked myself half naked. The result is priceless and both boys are speechless.

I sound as cocky as humanly possible when I ask "Excuse me, why are there still pants on boys?"

Ben quickly pulls his jeans to the ground, shaking the entire time. He's wearing grey briefs that are noticeably FILLED right now, bulging like crazy. It looks like it barely fits in there, stretching out so so much. Benny has D, that's for sure! God he's so embarrassed to be standing here in his underwear though, blatantly hard for me, and that's just adding to his overall adorableness. His hands are alternating between covering up his bulge and moving aside, like he can't decide which choice to make. I'm positive that this is the first time that he's ever stripped this far for a girl, any girl. And here I am, his dream girl, drinking in every drop of his gorgeousness. He is trembling with nervousness and shyness but still he did it without hesitating, unlike Jerry.

I look at Ben, openly ogling him with my mouth open "God, you STUD! Couldn't find a tighter pair of undies? I love it, you're such a tease. Tease me if you must, but you better please me too"

Ben had to look away a little bit from his shyness, since my eye contact was overpowering him, but he smiled very brightly from my compliments. HA! Two can play at the "make somebody blush with compliments" game. Jerry meanwhile, jealous of Ben getting all of my attention, finally jerked down his own pants. Once they were off, I got a good look at his white briefs. Honestly I couldn't believe that he was actually wearing tighty whiteys, since even I knew that boys are supposed to switch to something else by high school. Beautiful Ben had grey briefs, a thousand times more sexy of a color than white. I also couldn't help but notice that the fill difference was tremendous between the boys. Jerry's "glass" was only half full, so to speak, even though he's clearly rock hard for me. I knew it! I knew it I knew it I knew it! Jerry is acting this shy and embarrassed about stripping because his privates are teeny tiny and he's ashamed about that. Ha, perfect. Wonderful. This revenge is going to be SO GOOD!

"Very nice" I lie "Now if only you could be a little quicker on the stripping, like your friend over here. After all, I want to see all of you, taste all of you, and if you're lucky I might even feel all of you...inside of me. Are you boys ready for the final reveal?"

Ben immediately shouts "Yes ma'am!" Jerry, meanwhile, barely mutters a "Y..yeah"

Oh wait...problem. If Ben strips his underwear first after I drop my panties, then Jerry might chicken out at the end because of the clear size difference between the two boys. That would ruin my whole plan. I have to do something about that, even if it hurts me deeply in my soul...and my groin.

"Now Ben" I command with a finger on his bare chest "You have been first this whole time, which I have loved, but for this last item I want Jerry to go first instead. It's not fair that he keeps waiting on you to go first. So when I get fully and completely naked standing right here in front of you, you just have to stand there and deal with...Big Ben...straining desperately to be free for me until I finally give you my permission to release him. Is that ok?"

Ben, trembling and sweating like a death row inmate on chair day, nervously answered "Y..yes ma'am!" Honestly I'm digging the "ma'am" thing, so I hope he keeps calling me that.

"And Jerry" I announced while putting a finger on his chest now "No backing out. My panties are about to come down, adding to my clothes pile. And when they do, your undies join them. Am I clear?"

Jerry, trembling, mumbled "M..maybe we should stop. This is going too far now!"

I then whispered in his ear "We're not stopping until your cum drips from my pussy, not one second sooner."

Wooo, you should've seen the immediate change in his entire face when I whispered that to him. I'm sure Ben was wondering what I just said, because Jerry stiffened up immediately and looked like he was about to fall over in shock. He finally had the look on his face of someone willing to get naked for me. It was about freaking time!

I grabbed my panty waistband, making eye contact with both boys as I started to lower them. Sophie would be having a heart attack right now, frantic with shame and embarrassment about baring her most private place to two boys. She'd be screaming internally for me to stop this. Of course, she can't tell me what to do anymore, since Minka is in the driver's seat of this body now. The boys are staring at my hairless mound as it comes into view, but I make sure to stop with my waistband just barely about my lips in order to tease them. I then turn around, showing both boys my smooth butt as the panties start going down again. I keep my legs straight as I pull them slowly all the way to the ground, taking them fully off of me and tossing them into my pile without ever bending a knee.

Both boys are getting what they think is the best possible view of me from behind, but I'm actually about to give them a better one. I part my legs by sliding downwards toward the ground a little bit, leaning forward on my hands and forcing my hips upwards and outwards. In this position I know that EVERYTHING to do with my ass and pussy is explicitly displayed for both of them. The Sophie part of my brain screams in horror that since we've been so wet all day (and especially now with this stripping experience) that even virgin boys would be able to see that we were wet. My pussy is gushing, almost ready to relentlessly drip. Minka loves that they can see this part of me, and I hope that it makes the boys hard enough to almost bust in their briefs! This position isn't even 1% modest, and I make sure to look between my own legs back at the boys to catch their reactions. The lust is written all over both of their faces, and both of those naughty little boys had their hands on their bulges sneaking little touches when they thought I wasn't looking. Scandalous! I kinda like it, though. I've never pushed a boy so far that he started touching himself for me. That's a new experience!

I finally straighten up and turn around, showing both boys my full frontal nudity. I look at Jerry "Your turn."

Jerry shakes his head "N..no."

Ben suddenly commented "Come on dude, stop being such a whiny bitch"

Defiant, Jerry got surprisingly high pitched as he squealed "No! I don't want some girl to see MY DICK!!"

I rolled my eyes. Here I was, completely naked for this boy offering him sex, and STILL he wouldn't take off his underwear for me. Whatever, it's time for plan B.

"Oh Ben" I coldly commanded "Put this loser in a full nelson for me, would you? And don't let him escape"

Once again, Ben didn't hesitate. Jerry tried to run but only got three steps before Ben had him, hooking his arms and trapping him. Jerry now had no ability to move, cover up, or stop me in any way. He couldn't even drop to the ground. He was trapped and helpless.

Jerry screamed "Let me go LET ME GO!! NO!! She's going to take off my underwear, Ben! Stop holding me! PLEASE!!!"

Instead of going after Jerry immediately though, I instead picked up my phone from the ground. When I switched it to picture mode and started taking pictures of Jerry in his underwear his screaming got even louder.

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?" He yelled high-pitched enough to shatter windows "NO DON'T! STOP TAKING PICTURES OF ME! BEN, LET ME GO, SHE'S TAKING PICTURES OF ME IN MY UNDERWEEEEEAR!!"

I couldn't wait for the chance to let him know what was about to happen to him. He just screamed that he didn't want ONE girl to see his dick...in a few minutes, every girl in this school is going to see it. And I was going to make damn sure that he knew it before it even happened. I wanted to watch him squirm in agony and hopeless anticipation.

"Jerry boy...remember how you thought it was soooo funny to leak naked pictures of me all over the entire school? Well guess what, little one...it's your turn now. Every single girl in the school, from the freshmen to the seniors, are going to have pictures of your dick by sundown today. Surprise!"

Jerry started screaming, flailing, and fighting with all of his might when I said that, kicking and scratching and hoping against hope to escape from Ben's grip. I was actually feeling a little sorry for Ben because he was getting hit for me, but he didn't even flinch. My sexy sweet freshman is a fighter...awesome!

I grabbed Jerry's waistband with one hand while the other hand held the camera snapping pictures. I jerked down the front side far enough to see his pubes (which honestly weren't all that much) and then took a picture of them. Jerry was begging and pleading, sobbing and weeping. I thought Billy had been a pathetic mess earlier, but Jerry was a hundred times worse. This was clearly his worst nightmare ever coming true. Serves him right.

I walked behind Jerry and Ben in order to pull down the back of Jerry's underwear completely, baring his butt for the camera. Ben had to twist him a little to show it off, but I got several great pictures of it for my collection. Once I was finished with that side, I walked back to the front and started lowering both the left and right sides of his tighty whiteys. In no time at all I had his entire hips bared, snapping shots of that too. At this point only Jerry's erection was holding up the underwear in the front, as the sides were both way lower than his privates were.

Dragging this torture out, I very slightly inched the waistband down until just the base of Jerry's shaft came into view. It just now occurred to me that this is the first time that I've ever seen any part of a boy's dick in person, and even though this is pure business and revenge I still get a jolt of arousal from that detail. I take several pictures of the base of the shaft, with the rest still covered by his undies. I even turn the camera around a little bit in order to snap a picture of his tiny little balls hiding back there.

I couldn't help but comment "I see your balls, little boy! The camera sees them too. I can see a little bit of your little dick too. How far should I pull down this waistband before stopping I wonder?"

"PLEASE STOP!" he screamed "PLEASE PLEASE DON'T SHOW EVERYONE MY DICK! I'LL DO ANYTHING, SERIOUSLY, ANYTHING YOU WANT!! I'LL GIVE YOU MONEY!!"

I looked him in the eye "Anything I want? So you can erase all of my pictures from the phones of the entire school, and then make them all forget that they saw me naked? Oh wait, no you can't! Because of you, EVERY boy saw my boobs and pussy and they have pictures of it to keep forever."

I pull his underwear down more, exposing more of his tiny shaft until the waistband is resting directly on the head, nothing else. The slightest pull would make his dick pop out completely. I take more pictures of him like this, savoring Jerry's desperation to keep that last little inch of his hidden, the only private inch he has left on his exposed dick.

"I'M SORRY!!" He whined, openly crying with his eyes leaking like a faucet. "I'M SORRY I LEAKED YOUR PICTURES! I'LL PAY YOU MONEY, PLEASE! DON'T STRIP ME NAKED! DON'T SEND GIRLS NAKED PICTURES OF ME!!! I'M SOOOOORRY! PLEASE NO I'M SORRY!!!"

I put my face in his face for dramatic effect "It's just pictures, man. You know, share the wealth. It's like the Fappening! What's the big deal? That's what you said to me, right?"

The horror on his face as I repeated his own words back at him was priceless. He knew that I would have no mercy on him. He knew that he didn't deserve mercy.

My sadist side came out then in that moment "I think we need a countdown, little boy. I will count down from five. When I hit zero, I'm pulling your underwear off completely and tossing it into the pile. Are you ready?"

He squealed like a baby

I counted down while he squealed helplessly simultaneously "5..(NO) 4..(NO) 3..(NO NO) 2..(NO NO) 1..(NONONO) ZERO!!"

The instant I hit zero I jerked downward until the undies came to his ankles, finally baring his little dick completely. I didn't have a ruler on me, but there's no way that this thing was any bigger than 4 inches, and it wasn't all that thick either. I yanked his tighty whiteys off of his legs, tossing them into the pile of his clothes. He tried to twist free and escape, humiliated beyond belief that his little secret was out in the open like this. Worse, he watched as I began taking picture after picture of it. I took close-ups from every angle, including a few from underneath it and one from between his legs behind his balls looking outwards. I made sure to get several full body pictures too, including some face shots. I didn't want there to be any confusion as to the identity of THESE naked pictures. He didn't get to hide like Sophie did.

The entire time that I was taking pictures of him I kept saying things like "Aww, it's so teeny! You know girls sure do love tiny versions of items, it's cute. Well, maybe they don't love tiny versions of THIS item exactly. Oh well. That's your problem, not mine! I didn't realize that when you gave people the middle finger that it was actual size. Have you tried pills for that little thing, or is that what it looks like WITH the growth pills?"

After mocking his size enough, I switched over to humiliating him over his coming exposure level "I hope you know that every single girl in school is going to see your dick now. Do you have a crush on anyone right now? Well, she's about to see you naked and see how little of a boy you are. I doubt she'll be interested now. Any friends of yours are about to see your dick too and are going to laugh at it. Your friends sisters will all see it too, even the hot ones, guaranteed. Your classmates, your neighbors, everybody you ever talk to or hang out with is going to see your eleventh finger today. Even the teachers are going to see your tiny dong probably. Hell I'll bet your MOM will see it eventually. God, that'll be so embarrassing for you. Can you even imagine the entire school knowing how pathetic your dick is and having the pictures on their phones? They'll probably make memes with it and send them to you."

I then finished my mockery by singing "Eeny Teeny Tiny Foe, a Little Dick is Now on Show. Will Girls Like It? That's a No. My Mom Told Me To Pick the Very Smallest One And You Are Iiiiiiiiit!"

When I finally had enough of torturing the weeping Jerry, I told Ben to let him go finally. Jerry fell to the ground on his hands and knees, utterly broken. One last time he begged me to not send out those pictures, offering to be my slave for the rest of his life. This was clearly his biggest fear, the source of his most horrific nightmares. He would rather die than have his small anatomy trending in HD all over the entire school. And he's just a freshman, so he has to share classes with these students for three more years after this one. He would have to endure several years of small dick jokes and watching as girls giggled and pointed at him in the hallway. He would never be able to get a girlfriend with the reputation of being Little Dick Jerry. I could see it in his face, he would do anything to avoid this fate. This boy would do prison time if it meant keeping his modesty intact.

He was so completely destroyed and desperate that I almost felt bad when I hit send. I sent the entire collection to Ava, Haylee, and Rachael with instructions to wait until I gave the signal this time before we let them spread everywhere (to avoid my earlier mistake in the gym). When I told Jerry, he looked down and broke out in tears again. It was pathetic, but he earned every ounce of his punishment. I ordered him to grab his clothes and get out of here before we did something even worse to him, and I told him to never tell anyone about Ben's role in this punishment or else I would make him nostalgic for the "light" punishment of today. He quickly pulled his clothes back on and ran away outside looking like an absolute mess.

Part of me actually felt bad about what I did, but my suffering and humiliation today was so intense that I would never forgive myself if I didn't get him back for that. This was required before I could ever find closure with today's buffet of stress and shame. I really hoped that Ben didn't think less of me after seeing me act like that.

Of course, once Jerry was completely gone...suddenly I realized that I was standing here with Ben, alone, completely naked. And he is standing next to me almost naked, with only his bulging briefs hiding his massive fun toy from me. We're alone...nobody else is here to bother us. I'm so FUCKING horny that if he asks, I won't say no. Seriously, he could ask me anything right now and he would get it, no matter how bizarre or kinky it was, as long as I got to feel him inside of me and could finally lose this insufferable V-Card. I might even tell him my real name if he asks, just to hear him moan it. I have to calm down and find a way out of this situation before I go too far and do something I might regret later. I want my first time to be romantic and memorable with somebody I trust completely. I literally only met Ben a few hours ago, this is a bad idea. A bad idea. A SEXY idea...but a bad idea. I have to escape this sexual tension before he asks anything of me.

"So..." Ben spoke, breaking the silence "Do you..um...still want me to...uh...you know, strip naked for you?"

Hell goddamn fucking yes I do!

