A cell phone wakes Kris up at 11 the next morning and he's so tired he almost ignores it. But it's the studio's ring tone, Money by The Ojays, so he rolls away from Adam's warm body and fumbles it open before the chorus ends.

An hour later, Adam finally emerges from the bedroom, joining Kris at the table. Kris ruffles Adam's sleep-flattened hair and stands up to pour Adam some coffee before he even asks.

"You're up early," Adam yawns.

Now that Adam's up, Kris can let himself whistle aloud, and he starts in on Bluebird On My Shoulder.

"Yeah, no, that's way too much happy before noon."

"I got a phone call," Kris explains, setting the pot back in the machine. "From the studio."

"You working today?"

"Nope, but they booked me for the next three days." He sets the mug down in front of Adam and collapses in his own chair—the one he's made his own.

"Nice," Adam says appreciatively. It's possible he means the coffee he's slurping, but Kris doesn't care.

"Apparently they broke one of their cardinal rules and let the talent tune his own guitar last week. And of course he fucked it up, because he did it by ear. So now the whole album-worth of tracks has a sharp D-string and the producers can't isolate it to pitch correct, so they need to rerecord all the guitar tracks."

"Sucks," Adam grunts between sips. "So you go in tomorrow?"

"Through Friday."

"Go you, dude." Adam is gradually showing more energy. He actually looks up and smiles at Kris.

Kris grins back, muses, "I know. It's exactly what I need." Work to take his mind off his problems. A $600 paycheck. Something to look forward to beyond tomorrow night.

"Their loss is your gain. Capitalism at its finest." Adam raises his mug in toast to the American way of life.

The lyrics he's working on keep coming out wrong, aren't what Kris knows they should be. There's all this angst and uncertainty that doesn't go with the melody he started last week, and he's not sure why the good words aren't coming out. He's stuck with emo, or forced-happy, stupid, poppy crap.

Adam comes back from the gym and Kris is pleased to see him in a good mood. For all the bitching he does about cardio, Adam's actually pretty religious about working out four times a week. Kris has been letting his own workouts slide since he moved out of his condo, and he hasn't asked Adam yet what the guest-policy is at the fitness center. There's maybe a thought in the back of his head that he'll be able to move back in—that his arrangement with Adam is temporary. At least the living-together part. Because he might need some space at some point; a place to get a little distance. And if tomorrow night works, it should be safe to move back home.

That's what he wants, isn't it?

Kris closes his eyes, listening to the sound of Adam's shower for a few minutes. When the water cuts off, he decides he isn't making any progress on the lyrics. He pushes the notebook aside and picks up his guitar, strums through the chord progressions. There's a minor chord in there, but it's on beat 4, just a transition, not a mood-definer. So what the hell is up with his angsty lyrics today?

Adam joins him on the couch some time later, while he's humming and scribbling down a harmony line for the chorus.

"You're writing."

"Yeah," Kris sighs, fighting back the urge to rant about his writer's block.

"Can I hear it?"

"It's not good yet," Kris apologizes, shaking his head.

"Well, how 'bout something older? I haven't heard any of your stuff yet." Adam's leaning back against the arm of the sofa, smiling.

Kris says, "Sure," and readies his grip on the guitar, but he hesitates. What should he play? What would Adam want to hear? ...what does Kris want Adam to hear, to know about him? And the inverse of that question catches him up short. He lays the guitar down flat across his lap, rests his hands over the belly. "You know what? I'm not ready."

"What- Okay. You don't have to-"

Kris manages to stop Adam with a look. "It's really personal."

Adam nods solemnly. "I get that."

"I don't think you do."

"Huh? I'm not trying to pry or anything."

"I am."

Adam squints at him, failing to read Kris's mind.

"I'll make you a deal," Kris says persuasively. "I'll play everything I've ever written, if..."

"If?" Adam's eyes start to crinkle up, like he thinks there's something kinky and exciting at the other end of that sentence.

"If you finally talk to me. Tell me about yourself."

Adam's smile switches off and he looks uncomfortable. "Oh man."

"It's personal, Adam. It's only fair. Talk to me."

Adam sits up, plays with one of the beaded hemp bracelets on his wrist, mutters something that sounds like, "So embarrassing."

Kris sets the guitar down on the floor and thinks about reaching out, holding him. "I wanna hear it, Adam, even if you don't like it. I like you, so whatever you went through, I- it's important to me."

Adam rolls his eyes, resistant. "It's nothing. It's really stupid. Honest."

"Babe," Kris insists. "Come on."

Adam laughs, tense and anxious. "You're totally gonna hate me."

"No I won't."

"No, really, you will. Cause you think I've got this, like, big dramatic past going on, don't you?"

Frankie'd called him 'damaged goods.' And Kris hates the idea that Frankie could be right, and that Adam is gonna keep hiding it from Kris. Hiding himself. "Just tell me."

Adam launches off the couch and paces to the window. "Okay, here's the honest-to-god truth: I have no drama." He turns and looks at Kris, waiting for his reaction with chin held high.

Kris just stares back and waits.

Adam mutters, "Damn it," and glares at the carpet for more words. "Okay, see, I'm totally a normal guy."

Which is a total lie, given the man-without-a-past thing. Kris cocks an eyebrow.

Adam throws his hands up. "No, of course you don't believe me. Fine, you wanna hear how rough I had it?" He talks fast, angry, "I grew up in a nice ranch house in San Diego. My parents've been happily married for 30 years; they figured out I was gay before I did, and they supported me 100%. My brother and I talk all the time, and my mom worries about my weight and sends me care packages every month like I'm still in college.

"I came out at UCLA, surrounded by an entire theatre program of out and proud gays. I worked my ass off to get some opportunities, and I lucked into the others. I was in a fucking Broadway touring production for two years! And now I'm in one of the most famous drag revues in the country, doing exactly what I wanna do.

"I'm fucking blessed, okay? No traumatic, life-defining shit here. You want issues? Don't look at me."

Kris is stunned. "Okay. Wow."

"Yeah, wow," Adam sneers, arms crossed over his chest, his entire posture defensive.

"So..." Kris isn't sure where to start. "So you're totally normal and well-adjusted."

"Alert the media."

"Why are you so pissed off right now?"

The question makes Adam pause. He avoids Kris's eyes when he explains. "I don't like talking about it."

"You... You don't like talking about your past. Even though you just said it was all sunshine and flowers and love."

Adam squirms, juts one hip out further. "Well, most of it."

"And the part that wasn't? Is that the part where Daisy & Frankie think you're broken and need to be protected from bad men?"

Adam rolls his eyes and then blinks, almost cracks a smile. "Shit, they said that? To you? Oh my god, did they haze you?"

"They tried," Kris shrugs, refusing to be distracted. "But they're convinced something's wrong with you. So what's up with that?"

"You thought something was wrong with me," Adam points out.

"Yeah, but that's because you wouldn't tell me anything about.... No."

Adam actually looks a little ashamed. "...yeah."

"They're your friends. Aren't they?"

"Yeah, but they're also them. They're huge; the best in the business!"

Kris shakes his head, not following Adam's logic for letting his friends think he's something he's not. Something worse than he is.

Adam exhales through his nose in a long sigh, unclenches his arms and starts picking at his fingernail polish. "Let's just say I've...no, look, fuck the pretenses. Flat out: I'm sick of people holding it against me. I've had too many costars tell me I can't interpret the music, can't deliver the lyrics convincingly, because I've never truly 'suffered for my art.' And too many boyfriends who are all, 'you don't understand me because you were never kicked out or beat up for being a fag.' I'm sick of guys thinking they're a better gay, a better artist, a better person than me, just because I couldn't compete in a whose-life-is-harder competition.

"I got fucking sick of it, so I just stopped talking about myself. If people think that makes me all scarred or whatever, that's them projecting their own shit."

"So I've been projecting my own shit on you?" Kris asks.

Adam blanches. "I didn't mean you-"

"Yeah, you did," Kris cuts him off.

"I didn't mean it like that. I know you've had a rough time, and I wanna hear about it, I care about all that stuff, I do. Just...I don't think I'm gonna be able to cope if you keep saying I can't relate 'cause I grew up on the beach in California."

The insecurity in that statement is what makes it all believable. "C'mere," Kris says, holding his arms open.

Adam hesitates for a long moment, clearly expecting the one-sided fight to continue. Kris waits him out until Adam finally shuffles over and sits next to him, lets Kris wrap an arm around his back.

"Do you have any idea how anticlimactic this is?" he asks Adam's shoulder.

Adam huffs out something that sounds like a laugh. "A little."

"Good."

"I'm sorry. I should've said something on Saturday when you asked."

"Or last Wednesday. Or last Sunday, when I was dumping all my issues on your dining room table. Or any other time in between."

Adam leans some weight against him. "I know. But I liked you."

"And you thought I was gonna be a judgmental ass about it?"

"Well. There's this trend in my love life where at first guys think it's cute how normal I am, or whatever. But then the teasing turns into holier-than-thou bullshit and I end up having to either dump them or become a secret cutter to compete."

"Not to mention, the longer you lead them on, the more awkward this conversation becomes, right?"

"...right," Adam reluctantly agrees.

"You know where I'm going with that, right?" Kris presses.

"I should talk to Daisy & Frankie."

"Yeah. Before they get the idea you're some manipulative asshole." Adam winces and Kris hugs him tighter. "Not that you are. You're good, babe. You're not as well-adjusted as you think, but you're good."

"So you don't hate me?"

Kris kisses his cheek. "Not a chance."

Adam reaches across Kris to catch the neck of the guitar, drags it onto Kris's lap, smoothly changing the subject. "Then I believe you mentioned something about your entire oeuvre...."

And Kris could do that, would play all night if Adam asked him to, but there's something else he wants to do—needs to do. "What time do you have to be at the Wyndham?"

"8:30."

"You should go get dressed."

Adam looks at his watch and frowns. "I've got hours."

"Not if I'm taking you to dinner first."

Adam pulls back and smolders at him. "Kristopher Robin, are you asking me out on a date?"

"Only if you never call me that again," Kris responds, giving him a warning poke on the collarbone.

Adam catches his wrist and tugs Kris closer, leans in to meet him in a hard kiss. "Deal," he promises, breath passing from his lungs to Kris's.

It's his first date since the divorce—hell, since his wedding, so that's like...six years. It's his first date in six years, and Kris has no idea where to take Adam. Luckily, Adam saves the day, having Kris park at the Wyndham before they walk down the block to a fancy French restaurant.

Adam looks like a million bucks with his slicked hair, sharp black jacket and silver tie, skinny suit pants and polished shoes. Kris put a little effort in, too—he's got a plain white button down over his plain white t-shirt, but a brown corduroy jacket that looks pretty good with his khakis. Adam had gelled Kris's brown hair so it spikes up symmetrically. And so long as no one looks at Kris's beat up loafers, he shouldn't get thrown out.

They don't have a reservation, and the place is almost completely booked, so they end up squeezed into a corner table against the back wall where the lights are dim and the candlelight flickers over Adam's cheekbones, where Kris can hold his hand on the table and appreciate everything he's gained.

Adam orders an expensive rabbit dish. Kris orders a steak. When Adam teases Kris about taking the Conway out of the boy, Kris turns it around, makes Adam tell him about his favorite foods growing up. Adam flushes and admits to feeling chunky through most of high school. "In hindsight, I wasn't actually fat. It just felt that way, you know?"

Kris counters that with, "In hindsight, I wasn't actually straight," and grins as Adam's embarrassment fades under the laughter.

Kris is relentless, making Adam do all of the talking, and almost all about his past. Adam doesn't seem to mind, loosens up with the second glass of sauvignon and volunteers more stories without prodding. Some of them are sad, a lot of them are happy, and a few are downright ridiculous, like Adam bragging about getting to play the leading lady in his high school's performance of Kiss Me, Kate.

"I thought you didn't come out 'til college."

"I didn't! But none of the girls could hit the high A's in a corset. And my legs looked pretty good in the skirts."

"They still do," Kris admits without thinking, and Adam gives a little squeak of delight, his eyes going sparkly for a moment. It's Kris's turn to blush; it's the first time he's complimented Adam's feminine affectations and he's surprised to realize that he sincerely means it, about all of them...and that he's been withholding that from Adam.

At around 8:00, Kris excuses himself to use the bathroom that's barely a dozen steps down the hall behind them. Adam waggles his sculpted eyebrows—seriously, he'd used clear mascara on them, and Kris wants to run his fingers over them, maybe lick them—and offers to join Kris in a minute.

Kris swats Adam's shoulder as he steps around him, says a firm, "Not on your life; you stay right there."

He uses the urinal and washes his hands in the private restroom, considers his reflection for a long moment. He looks okay; good by his own standards, which had fallen pretty low in recent months. His mom would be proud of him; cleaning up for a proper date, paying for a nice restaurant...declining a quickie in the bathroom despite the way the thought of Adam's mouth gets his blood pumping.

He'd told his mom yesterday that he was seeing somebody. A man. She hadn't taken it well—he's pretty sure he'd heard her sniffling on the other end of the line. But she would come around; she'll love Adam, he's sure of it.

Something scrapes behind him, long and uneven, like metal on wood. It sounds like it's in the wall, behind the gold fleur-de-lis wallpaper. Kris's head spins around and he stares at the wall, waiting for the sound to come again. His heart rate is definitely up now, and not from thoughts of Adam.

The bathroom is no longer silent. There are voices, muffled vowels and staccato consonants like whispers coming through the air vent high near the ceiling. The doorknob twists and stops, the handle rattling sharply, and Kris can smell the sharp scent of the urinal cake, the lemon-fresh deodorizer next to the sink.

His eyes are riveted on the locked, brass handle, his pulse is pounding against his temples and it's getting hard to breathe, hard to see, like the deodorizing mist has filled the air, filling up the room. And it's behind the walls, whispering to him, waiting for him to come back, waiting for tomorrow night.

And this is a god damn panic attack, he realizes. It's not real, none of this is actually happening, he's freaking the fuck out in the bathroom of a fancy restaurant because of something that's more than 30 miles distant and 24 hours off. Something he doesn't need to be thinking about at all.

Kris clutches the edge of the sink with one hand and tugs at the high neck of his t-shirt with the other, trying to breathe. He can do this, he can get a grip, get himself under control. It's just his own head, his own mind, and he can control that, he can take charge, he can say it, say

"Stop!"

The shout echoes in the tiny room, bouncing off the walls and pummeling his ear drums like an air horn. Before the bad thoughts can come back in, he reminds himself firmly that he doesn't have time to be hanging out in a bathroom. He's on a date with Adam, and Adam has to get to the Wyndham in a few minutes. Adam has to sing in that shiny lounge, in his slick suit and makeup, and Kris is going to smile at the waitress and sit in a leather chair right near the front this time, and he's going to let Adam sing just for him.

His breaths are slowing, his pulse evening out. Kris runs the tap, splashes cold water on his face and pats it dry with two high-quality paper towels, nodding at his reflection until he knows he can get back to his date, he can get Adam to the Wyndham on time.

He squares his shoulders, smoothes the collar of his t-shirt, and unlocks the door, opens it to find an embarrassed patron waiting outside. "Sorry," the guy mumbles, not meeting his eyes, and Kris realizes what he must have sounded like. He grimaces awkwardly and hurries around the corner, back to his table.

Adam looks up as he brushes by, his face pale and tense, his fingers white-knuckling the table cloth. He grabs Kris's fingers as Kris sits down, squeezes them and chokes out, "Are you okay?"

Because Adam had heard it, too. But unlike the guy who'd jiggled the handle, Adam knew exactly what was going on in there. Kris finds a smile for him, drags it out of hiding. "Got a little spooked, but I got it under control."

"You did," Adam says, scrutinizing his face.

"Yeah," Kris confirms, the smile coming easier as he absorbs the importance of that success. "Yeah, I did."

"I was freaking out, out here," Adam admits, rubbing his thumb over Kris's knuckles.

"I'm sorry. Thanks for not breaking down the door or anything."

"I'm not gonna lie, it was a near thing. But this is too nice a place to get thrown out of."

"Yeah, it is."

Adam squeezes his hand again, his perfectly-done face still marred by concern.

"I'm okay," Kris says. "Really. I'm good."

"Okay," Adam nods, still holding on.

"Adam, you have to go."

"I know." He finally leans back, releases Kris's fingers. "I know. I already asked for the bill."

"You'd better not have paid."

"Oh no, this is your date; you get to be the gentleman." Adam's frown lines ease and Kris manages to get his wineglass in hand, tips back the last of his glass. "You sure you're okay? You don't have to come with me."

The waiter drops off the black bill folder and Kris slips in his credit card without checking it. "I'm not done with you yet. I bought you dinner, you owe me at least one song."

Adam pulls his napkin off his lap and lays it carefully on the table in front of him. "I think you've got the wrong guy. I'm not some lounge singer; I don't take requests."

Kris leans over the table. "I bought you roulade de lapin, you can damn well sing me some Johnny Cash."

"Johnny Cash?" Adam's eyes go wide in genuine-seeming horror. "I don't do Johnny Cash. No way. No country."

"At least give me some Elvis," Kris compromises. A plot spreads across Adam's lips and Kris puts a finger on the closed bill folder. "Classy Elvis."

"Oh, I'll give you some Elvis," Adam smirks.

Kris can suddenly see this going very, very badly. "I changed my mind, you don't have to-"

"No, no, I want to. I can't wait to give you some Elvis."

"I hate you."

"Not yet you don't."

Leaving Adam in the morning feels harder than it should. Kris unwraps those long arms to slide free, pulls the covers back up over Adam's freckled chest, combs the stiff hair across the pillow. He's warm and soft in the white light of dawn, fast asleep yet still luring Kris back in. Kris used to watch Katy sleep, too, but it had always felt like an invasion of her privacy. Here, with Adam...he doesn't think Adam would mind, somehow. And that's not something Kris can walk away from easily.

But he's got a job to go to, and a big day ahead of him—stop, he reminds himself—and he has to keep himself busy to keep the nerves at bay. So he twitches the curtains to block out a little more light, types a message into Adam's cell phone, and lets himself out the door as quietly as he can.

"Just so we're clear—this doesn't count as our second date."

Kris laughs despite the thick tension as he pulls onto Guillaume Court at 8 p.m. He doesn't call Adam on the amount of product in his James Dean hair, the sparkly green eyeliner and smoky shadow around the outsides of his eyes, the freshly-done nails, or the casually-layered necklaces and rings, all of which scream hours of meticulous primping.

Adam switches off the radio and grins at him, acting like everything's fine the way he does so well. There's someone standing in the parking lot, and when Kris swings the Toyota into his parking space, he recognizes the voodoo shop proprietor waiting next to a tan American sedan with some cardboard boxes stacked on the trunk.

They climb out of the car and Kris hurries over to greet him, extending his hand with a grateful smile, "Michael Dee."

"The man with the ghost," Michael nods, pumps his hand a few times. And then he squints his eyes at the ring of identical, tidy, brick façade buildings, and says, "Mind telling me what we're doing in a condo development?"

"You tell me," Kris says, relieved to not be here on his own. "That's the million dollar question."

"Hey, glad to see you again," Adam sticks his own hand out. "Sorry about before."

"No sweat," Michael smiles. "But seriously, a haunted condo? When I suggested Jimmy's tours, I thought you were talking about something a little older."

"I don't think my condo board would want tours coming through here anyway."

Adam sidles closer to the trunk. "What's in the boxes?"

"Supplies. Theresa gave me a list of stuff she needed from the shop. You game to help me carry?"

"You bet. Anything fragile in there?"

"Yeah, be careful with 'em."

"I break it, Kris buys it." Adam winks at Kris.

Kris picks up the next box and kicks the back of Adam's boot a few times as they head toward the stairs.

"Nice place," Michael says, walking into Kris's condo without any hesitation.

"Everybody keeps saying that," Kris grumbles as Adam nudges him across the threshold, jabbing his spine with a sharp box corner. "And then they run out of here screaming."

"I wasn't screaming," Adam defends himself. "It was only a couple whimpers."

Michael seems amused. "We're gonna use the table, so can I put this stuff in the kitchen for now?"

"You're staying?" Kris blinks.

"Yeah. Theresa asked, so. I mean, you're okay with me helping out, right?"

"Whoever she wants to bring, I'm cool with it," Kris says. "I heard she's bringing another psychiatrist, but you're welcome, too."

"Psychiatrist?"

"Yeah. Like Dr. Mordeau. Which you totally should have mentioned when you set us up with her," Adam accuses, sliding his box next to Michael's on the kitchen counter.

"Why? You two didn't seem interested in her day job."

Adam tips his head in Kris's direction. "The clinic kind of felt like a set up, is what I'm saying. You sent us to see a shrink."

"Naw, I totally didn't mean it that way."

Adam stares him down a little longer than necessary, intent on getting some payback.

Michael squirms and thumps his knee against the low cabinets a few times. "Okay, wow. That must've looked.... Heh. Um, sorry."

"Apology accepted," Kris says firmly, bumping Adam aside so he can squeeze the third box on the countertop. Whatever it is about the guy, Michael and Adam just don't seem to get along.

And then the doorbell rings.

They all turn to look at the front door, which Adam had neglected to shut on the way in. There's a short white guy at least 50 years old standing where a welcome mat would have been, if Kris had ever gotten around to buying one.

"Hey, Joseph," Michael calls, "come on in."

"Mr. Allen?" the doctor asks, looking between Kris and Adam.

"That's me. Come in, please." Kris crosses to greet him, forcing himself to smile at the presence of another stranger in his home. "Dr...."

"Dr. Kielce, but call me Joseph." Kris can't tell if the dark circles under the newcomer's eyes are from lack of sleep or genetics, but he seems wide awake, practically vibrating with energy. They shake hands and Kris's guest finally steps into the condo.

"Great, okay. I'm Kris, this is Adam, and I guess you already know Mr. Dee."

"Yes, Michael's met with me a few times. You have a lovely home."

Adam steps around Joseph, completely missing the proffered handshake, and peeks out into the exterior hallway looking for something. He closes the door and locks the deadbolt before turning back around.

Michael is grinning. "Kris doesn't want any compliments—he hates this place."

"Hey, it's not that I..." Kris stops lying to himself and sighs. "Yeah, I kinda do." He always has, since even before the weird stuff started.

"I'm sorry you feel that way," Joseph says with a sympathetic frown. "Having an encounter with the other side should be a positive, faith-affirming experience."

"Uh huh. You keep telling yourself that," Adam drawls.

Michael suddenly says, "Oh! This isn't the psychiatrist you thought.... Joseph isn't a shrink."

Adam's eyes narrow. "Then what kind of doctor are you?"

"Museum Studies. Under the Masters program at Southeastern's Baton Rouge campus."

"You're a professor?" Kris asks.

"Adjunct professor. I'm a researcher, primarily. My field is religions of North American subcultures."

"Don't let the title fool you; he only took the job so he could get closer to us," Michael interjects.

Joseph's lips twitch with disdain. "Well, I certainly didn't take it because I love teaching young minds." The expression passes quickly, replaced by a genuine smile. "They add a thrice-published author to their Masters recruitment brochures, and I don't have to fly back and forth from Pennsylvania for my interviews. It's a win-win."

Kris and Adam exchange a long look.

"Michael and Theresa have been truly wonderful subjects, introducing me around to the community, really helping me get to the root of their beliefs and social structures. And you, Kris! I'm especially excited to be here for your ritual tonight."

"Speaking of which," Michael says, picking up on the skeptical vibes the two of them are sharing, "why don't we get started?"

"Oh yes," Joseph says, pulling one of the boxes to his side of the kitchen counter and digging inside. "Theresa gave me a list of what she wants...."

"Adam, Kris, could you push the table into the living room a bit? So there's a little more space to move around?"

"You got it." Kris jerks his chin and Adam follows him around the island, picks up the far side of the small, round table and drags it once Kris gets the chairs out of the way. "There's gonna be five of us, unless she's invited anyone else," Kris frowns at his four wooden chairs.

"On it," Adam says, heading for the coat closet. He produces Kris's stepstool. "I've always wondered why terminally short people bother storing things where they can't reach them. Care to comment, Kris?"

"Shut up, Gigantor."

"Should I be looking for a booster seat for your chair?" Adam asks sweetly, sliding the stool into place with the other chairs.

"Excellent," Joseph chirps, bringing a double-handful of tea-lights to the table. He spreads them out a little and then lays a string of fresh flowers in between. Next, he brings over a set of two small bowls. "Theresa should be facing that way, right?" he calls over his shoulder.

"Right!" Michael says, his arms deep in another box.

The two bowls are placed side by side in front of her chair. Kris and Adam stand back, watching Michael and Joseph sort through the boxes, Joseph talking like he knows what he's doing, Michael unpacking an army of little boxes and supplying approval when asked. And then Joseph finds a small, beige bag on a leather thong and brings it to the table. "Found it."

"What's that?" Kris asks, leaning forward to look.

"Your gris-gris. A protective amulet."

"Okay," Kris says gamely.

Joseph pulls the leather loop wide and lifts it as though to pass it over Kris's head but then stops, frowning. "Wait! It isn't quite done yet. We need to make it yours." He spins around and sorts through the boxes until he comes up with a small pair of nail clippers. "Which do you prefer—hair or nails?"

"What?"

"For the final ingredient. I need a bit of hair or fingernail." He frowns down at Kris's hands. "Those are pretty short already." He sounds dismayed. Kris is tempted to explain that he has to keep them that short for the guitar, but the professor keeps chattering. "So we'll do hair. Just a little bit, that's all. Okay?"

"I. Fine," Kris agrees, shoving off the arm of the sofa for his haircut.

Adam is clearly chewing on the inside of his cheek but Kris refuses to be concerned. This is what he'd asked for, and he's not about to get upset about a little personal grooming. The key to believing in a voodoo ritual, Kris suspects, is not over-thinking it.

"Here, hold this," Joseph commands, pressing the open pouch into his hands. Kris ducks his head to sniff at the contents. He chokes a bit and Joseph tsks him. "It's the sulfur, I know. Try not to breathe it. Okay, anywhere in particular? Are you working on a mullet I should be worried about?"

Adam makes the obligatory mullet crack, "We should all be worried about that."

"Wherever," Kris coughs, wincing at the lingering scent of rotten eggs.

Joseph steps behind him, gets his hands up close to Kris's head, and then pulls back with a tiny clump of brown hair pinched between his thumb and forefinger. "You don't have any product in this, do you?" he suddenly asks. "Michael, does it matter if he's used anything in his hair?"

"Nah, it's good," Michael says.

"It's clean," Kris reassures him. Adam snickers something under his breath and Kris shoots him a quelling look while Joseph adds the hair to the bag, massages the contents a little, and pulls the top shut.

"Alright then, this is all yours. Put it around your neck. Theresa will say a prayer over it once she gets here."

Kris checks his watch; it's almost 8:30. "Is she running late, or...."

"She'll be here," Joseph promises, unconcerned. "She also needs a doll. I think I saw one in...."

Kris goes back to leaning against the couch, ignoring Adam's fingers ruffling the hair on the back of his head.

The professor slaps a fistful of white linen stuffed with something soft-looking and lumpy, sewn roughly in the shape of a human, onto the table. It looks like the ones from Michael's shop and Kris can't help the weird chill that passes through him.

"Um."

Joseph starts going through his pockets, pulls out a wrinkled, yellow receipt and unfolds it, looking at both sides. Then he tears a strip off the bottom and smoothes it down on the table, puts a blue pen next to it. "Sign your name," he says.

Kris hesitates. It's not that he believes in any of this but...remnants of his old faith are surfacing, warning him against dark rituals that can give dark things power over you. Or maybe he's just seen too many movies. He takes a deep breath and walks over to the table, signs his name on the tiny bit of slippery-smooth carbon paper before he has second-thoughts. And then Joseph picks a pin out of a tiny plastic box of pins on the counter and holds it over the doll, his thumb positioning the signature over its heart.

Adam inhales sharply behind him, Kris opens his mouth to protest, and Joseph blithely pushes the needle into the doll, pinning the signature to its chest. "There. Now the doll is you," he reports, pleased. When the professor looks up, he sees the stunned looks on both their faces and his smile of accomplishment falters. "No, no, it's good that it's you. This is another unhexing gris-gris."

"You stuck a needle in Kris-" Adam sputters.

"Just to affix its identity." He looks back and forth between them, concern growing at their continued silence.

"Too many movies?" Kris apologizes, only partially mollified by Joseph's well-intentioned protestations. He's not going to freak out about something as stupid as a doll with his name on it, no matter how many pins they stick in it. He's fine.

But his response sets Joseph off in a completely different direction. The professor straightens and moves his hands in an agitated flutter. "Yes! You see, this is why I need to write this book. There are so many misconceptions about the true nature of Louisiana Voodoo. You probably think voodoo dolls are used for physical harm, pin-sticking, and so forth. But gris-gris's are for blessings or uncrossings; they protect you from curses. Hollywood's got it all wrong with those horror movies-"

"He's lived here for two months and he's already our patron saint," Michael teases, coming over to the table with a set of miniature, painted wooden figures.

"Don't try to pretend you aren't just as insulted by the constant misconceptions created by mass media."

"I make my living off those misconceptions," Michael smiles slyly. "Tourists want what they want, and I'm not about to talk them out of a purchase to appease my community's wounded pride."

"Bullshit," Adam says. "You were all up in our faces Sunday about what voodoo can and can't do."

"Well," Michael shrugs, "you pissed me off."

"I knew it," Adam grumbles, and then the doorbell rings.

Everyone looks at Kris, so he collects himself and opens the door for his voodoo priestess.

Dr. Mordeau's wearing a cream silk blouse with a brown scarf and a floral-pattern skirt, dark hose, and sensible flats. And she looks annoyed. "I'm sorry I'm late," she says as she brushes past Kris, sounding none too apologetic. "The line at Saint Peter's was ridiculous. Did everyone in the congregation have to commit a mortal sin today?"

"Probably the new moon," Michael suggests, kissing her cheek and taking the paper grocery bag out of her arms.

"You got everything set up? Joseph, I'm so glad you made it."

Joseph shakes her hand and gushes, "I can't tell you what this means to me, Theresa! Thank you ever so much for arranging this."

"We're almost ready," Michael says. "The table's set. I was holding off on the potion until you got here."

"Okay, good. And Joseph, it's Kris who's invited you. I had very little to do with it."

"Of course!" he corrects himself.

"Thank you so much for coming, Doctor," Kris greets her politely, wanting to be sure he does right by his upbringing.

"I'm not your therapist; call me Theresa," she says brusquely. "So you've all gotten to know each other? Adam," she nods to him, "nice to see you again. How has Kris been?"

Adam blinks in surprise and Kris protests, "I can answer for myself."

"I know you can, Kris, but you're the least objective person in this room." She smiles at him, the first genuine relaxation of her frown since she walked in, and Kris feels himself relax a little, too. "So, Adam?"

"He stopped a panic attack yesterday," Adam reports after looking to Kris for permission.

"Just one?"

"There was only one," Kris answers firmly.

"Very good," she says like she means it. "And nothing tonight?"

"Not yet," he agrees cautiously. "I haven't been alone; your experts have been here, so I think they're, I don't know...."

"Reassuring," she finishes for him. "Yes. That's very good. Remember, the ritual will only work if you believe it will. Trusting us is the start of that. Now, Michael, let's get to work on that potion." She unbuttons her cuffs and rolls up her sleeves, heading for the kitchen.

Adam drifts over to the door and cranks the deadbolt again, then looks around the room and heads for the hall closet.

Kris watches the bustle around him and tells himself to believe in all of it, like she said. And then Adam comes back holding the little broom from his dust-pan set and lays it across the threshold of the locked front door. Kris stares and raises his brows and shoulders in a silent question when Adam looks up and realizes he's been caught.

"Kris, come over here and sit down," Joseph says, beckoning him over to the table. The professor sits himself in the chair on Theresa's right and motions Kris into the unclaimed chair next to him.

Adam takes the short stool on Kris's other side, his head a good four inches lower than theirs.

"Now who's the midget?" Kris whispers. "And what the hell was that with the dust broom?"

Adam coughs a little but doesn't answer.

Joseph pulls out an iPhone and lays it on the cluttered table. "I'm going to be taking a good deal of notes and photos tonight, if you don't mind."

Kris nods.

"You don't mind, do you?" Joseph presses, catching his eye. "I need an explicit statement of permission."

"No, I'm fine with it," Kris confirms.

"And if I need your signature on any photo rights forms, you'll provide that before I go to print?"

Kris hesitates. Doing a favor for his priestess's friend, sure; providing research for an academic's book, why not; but having his identity published, his name and face linked to a voodoo ritual and haunting.... "I'd rather not. I'd rather be anonymous. If that's okay."

"Oh. Oh! I see, of course. That's fine. I promise I won't use any shots of your face."

"And leave my name out of it? I'm probably not the only Kris Allen out there, but even still...."

"Don't say another word. I swear you'll be completely anonymous. So I have your permission to take photos and notes of the ritual on the condition of anonymity?"

"Yes."

"Thank you," Joseph says, sticking out his hand for another shake, his smile broad. "My publisher would've given me hell if I'd skipped that. Can I start asking you some questions now?"

Theresa and Michael have their heads together in the kitchen, grinding something in a pestle and tutting over a flask and a bowl. "Yeah, looks like we've got time."

"Great! I want you to tell me what made you choose voodoo for handling your situation. What were your preconceptions about the religion, your previous encounters with it, the opinions of your friends and family, etc." Joseph calls up a typing app on his phone and waits with his fingers poised over the keypad.

Adam's hand squeezes Kris's thigh under the table, and Kris takes a deep breath and begins at the beginning.

Some two hours later, Kris's throat is dry from talking, Theresa and Michael are finally done with prep work they probably could have accomplished before the prescribed meeting time, and Joseph knows everything there is to tell about Kris's religious upbringing, his home-buying experiences here and in Arkansas, and his history with his ghost. Adam had made them all a pot of coffee in the middle of it, and then spent the second half of the interview shifting uncomfortably on the stool and playing with the Kris-doll, which Kris had determinedly ignored. He hopes Adam was paying attention to the early part of the conversation at least, because that would stave off any future arguments about why Kris doesn't go to church anymore and won't talk to half his family.

Theresa comes around the counter and clears her throat, getting their attention. "I'm sorry this took so long. It turns out I'm a little out of practice, and Michael," she shoots a glare at the shop owner, who looks embarrassed, "has forgotten everything I taught him about how to tell one herb from another."

Michael, who had disappeared from the condo for a good hour during Joseph's interview, is forcefully upbeat when he says, "But we're ready now." He holds one of Kris's coffee mugs out and says, "Drink this."

Kris takes the mug and makes the mistake of looking inside. "It's," he starts, looking for words to describe the brown that doesn't resemble coffee, the thickness that isn't at all like a milkshake. Having already sniffed the contents of the amulet he's wearing, he's not sure he wants to smell whatever this is.

"Don't ask. And try not to taste it. Just swallow the whole thing as fast as you can," Michael suggests.

Adam leans closer to see for himself. "What's it do?" Kris pulls the mug away so Adam can't see inside.

"It's a cure-all; a universal uncrossing. If any curses have been worked against Kris, this will break them."

Adam frowns. "I thought that's what the amulet was for. And the doll."

"They're all to the same end," Theresa explains. "I'm giving a thorough demonstration for Joseph's benefit. You don't mind, do you?" She raises her black brows in challenge and Kris isn't about to go there. "Besides, Kris only has to believe in one uncrossing to make it effective. Given that he's a nonbeliever, we're increasing those odds."

More to appease Theresa than because he believes in magical potions, Kris gulps, holds his nose, and tips the white mug back. He swallows, gags, swallows, gags, and squeezes his eyes shut, coughs his way through the whole cup, grainy and thick, oily and metallic, with chunks of something at the end that go down hard. Once the mug is empty he pushes it into Adam's waiting hands and slaps a hand on the table top, eyes watering as he forces the last chunks down.

And then Joseph edges closer and asks, "What did it taste like?"

Kris coughs, gags again, and shakes his head.

"If you wanna know, I can make you one," Michael offers, and Kris can't tell if his tone is nasty or nice.

"That'd be great-"

"Not tonight," Theresa says firmly. "Another time, Joseph."

"Oh," the professor says, crestfallen. He types on his iPhone again and then holds the phone over the stained mug and snaps a photo.

"Now, we've got just a few more things to get set and we'll be ready. Since you aren't Catholic, I assume you don't have any religious icons: rosaries, medallions?"

"Right."

She shakes her head and pulls a square of lace out of her skirt pocket, unfolding it to reveal a silver chain and pendant. "I got this for you; it's a Saint Christopher medal. You shouldn't ignore your name-sake saint, especially when you're up against the unknown like this."

She passes the chain over and Kris examines the shiny surface of the disc, the engraved figures of a big man carrying a little boy. It means nothing to him, but he doesn't think she wants to hear that. He passes it off to Adam, who wrinkles his nose like he thinks it's tacky and then wraps the delicate chain around Kris's wrist for him. Theresa doesn't point out that it's not a bracelet, so Kris doesn't mention it either.

She presses Michael into the empty chair on Adam's right and asks him to finish the amulet.

Michael reaches past Adam to put his fingers on the bag around Kris's neck and bows his head, whispers words that Kris assumes are voodoo mumbo jumbo until he catches, "blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, Jesus."

Theresa takes her own seat at the table, gently nestling a shoebox in the center of the flower-chains and carved figures and tea lights and bowls of powder. She's wearing a rosary now.

"I'm confused," Kris whispers to Joseph while Theresa kisses her rosary beads and Michael folds his hands in prayer.

"About what?"

"They're...Catholic?"

Joseph smiles indulgently. "Most voodoo followers are practicing Catholics. The spiritual hierarchy of the two religions is very similar—one God, a heavenly host, interceding saints. Voodoo survived in Louisiana by adopting Catholic symbols and terminology for its own-."

"Shh," Theresa interrupts, one eye open and scowling at them.

Joseph pats Kris's hand and whispers, "I'll tell you later. I've already got three chapters on it."

So that's two religions Kris is supposed to believe in to make this ritual work. At least with Catholicism he knows who the major players are, but he's never said a Hail Mary before, never bought into the need for intercessory prayers...and he isn't all that sure he still believes in God.

But on the plus side, it looks like he's getting that Catholic exorcism Adam'd wanted after all.

Michael finishes with the amulet and lights the tea candles. And then Theresa pulls the lid off the shoebox and Kris hears a soft rustling, leans closer to see the source.

Theresa pulls out a snake; a black serpent that coils around her forearms and hisses, flaring its hood as it bares its fangs. Kris jerks away when she holds the snake out toward him, nearly knocking over his chair as he scoots it back.

Adam is already off the stool, standing a good four feet from the table. He gasps, "That's a fucking cobra."

"No it's not," Theresa says patiently. "Sit down. It won't hurt you."

The two-foot long reptile hisses at Kris, then notices Joseph and swings to the right to hiss at his iPhone as the professor snaps some shots. "It's a hog-nosed snake," he explains. "Common to this area and completely harmless unless injured. All bark, no bite."

"And no venom?" Adam presses.

"No venom. You're totally safe."

"Do we really need to-" Kris says faintly, because there's believing voodoo or Catholicism can help, and then there's having a live snake shoved in his face.

"You don't have a snake phobia, do you?" Theresa asks, and her tone is mild but Kris can hear the mocking edge she would never use on a paying patient.

His spine stiffens and he inches his chair closer. "Just tell me why it's here."

"Li grand zombi is our conduit to Saint Patrick," Michael says. "He will show her what's haunting you."

Theresa waits until Kris is back at the table before extending the snake again, murmuring to it with closed eyes, "Saint Patrick, give me sight. Show me the spirit that plagues this house."

Kris keeps his eyes fixed on the sinuous black body in her hands, shoulders tensing impossibly further as the snake's head swivels his way again, rears up just six inches from his nose. "What am I supposed to do?" he whispers, trying not to move.

"Believe," Michael says.