Spike opened the door to the penthouse, muttering under his breath about pompous officious ex-Watchers who just couldn't allow anybody to have any fun. He still didn't see why he had to be the one to come fetch Angel down for the meeting. "Angel?" 

There was no answer, but he couldn't have left or Spike would've passed him on the way up. Besides, his scent was still- Spike froze when the scent registered. He could smell Angel, but this wasn't the usual mixture of grooming products and blood that he associated with the souled version of his sire. No, this was musk and skin, sweat and... sex. It was Angelus, and he swallowed hard before trying again. "Angel? You here, mate?" 

Just when he was about to tell Wesley to get Red on the horn so she could shove the soul back in, Angel's voice called out, "Be right out, Spike!" 

Spike relaxed a little, letting out a breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding. While a part of him that he would never, ever admit existed still missed his sire, he wasn't anxious to come face to face with the full insane deal anytime soon. Angel might be a right git, but when the alternative was Angelus, he suddenly started looking a helluva lot better to deal with. "Hurry on up, then. Percy's down there ready to call in the national guard if you don't..." 

His mouth went dry and words were completely forgotten as he turned around to see Angel coming towards him. He was crawling across the floor on his hands and knees, graceful as a panther stalking prey, and it took Spike a second to realize that he was naked. But once he noticed, there was no way he could look away. The play of muscles as they moved beneath his skin, sliding along his back and arms, the honey color of skin that hadn't lost its luster in over two hundred years out of the sun, all of it combined to mesmerize him. 

"Hello, Spike." Was that really Angel's voice, rolling out in a sultry breathless purr that promised outright everything Marilyn's had only hinted at? 

"Um, Angel? Dunno if you noticed, but you're a bit... naked," Spike stammered. Angel didn't say anything, just prowled closer. Spike took a step backwards, then another and another until he was pressed up against the door, watching his sire crawl over to him. The sheer eroticism of the sigh was enough to make him want- but that wasn't right. Angel hadn't touched him since he'd been back, hadn't shown any indication that he wanted him like that anymore. 

"Angel, pet, you might wanna go back in there an' put somethin' o- ooooohhhh, my God!" Spike's knees buckled and if it hadn't been for the wall at his back, he'd have dropped to the floor right then and there. He stared down blindly at the dark head that nuzzled him through his jeans. One hand settled tentatively on Angel's head, and his sire made a sound that was a cross between a purr and a whimper. 

It took a moment for him to realize where he'd heard that sound before, and then Angel did it again and memory slammed into him. This was how he used to greet Angelus when he wanted him: he'd strip naked and crawl over to him, and that sound always got him- God, what the fuck was going on? "Angel, stop," he commanded, fingers tightening in dark strands.

The whimper became a whine, but he obeyed. For a second they hovered on the brink of something, both panting more from instinct than need, and then Angel looked up. "Please..." he whispered, the word feeling strange on his lips. 

Spike looked down into brown velvet eyes, taken aback by the mixture of heat, desire and sheer need in them. Was this what Angelus had seen all those years ago? And if it was, how the hell had he ever managed to walk away from it? His hand slid out of Angel's hair, moving to cup his cheek, thumb stroking his lip, and then he made his decision. "Take me out, baby. Want you to suck my cock." 

Angel shuddered, the raw words sending his arousal soaring through the roof. He fumbled with the button and zipper of Spike's jeans, excitement making him clumsy. Spike did nothing to help him, just watched intently until at last the fastenings gave way and he could reach inside for his prize. When Angel's fingers closed around him, Spike moaned, pressing into the touch as denim was peeled away from aching flesh. 

One large hand moved in a slow stroke, brown eyes fixed avidly to where a single drop of clear fluid appeared. As if hypnotized, Angel leaned forward, tongue darting out to capture the drop before it could fall, flicking lightly over skin before retreating. The flavor exploded on his tongue, a siren's song of salt and blood and Spike. How was it that he'd never done this before? Never knelt to taste his boy in all the years that they'd spent together, never taken the time to worship Spike's body the way it deserved? 

Well, he was going to make up for lost time now. Angel opened his mouth, licking at the tip of Spike's cock once more before taking in in and closing his lips around it. Spike groaned, then gasped when Angel licked around the head, tongue curling over sensitive flesh, teasing the foreskin back and then dipping inside it. He didn't do anything other than hold him in his mouth and explore for several long minutes until long fingers slipped back into his hair and urged him to slide forward and take more. He inched forward, then pulled back, setting a slow rhythm that allowed him the chance to map every line and commit it to memory. 

Spike was in heaven... or maybe hell. He fought to keep still while Angel's head bobbed up and down, but the curious tongue that flicked over him at random intervals made it hard as hell. He gritted his teeth, one hand stroking through short dark hair, the other curling into a fist at his side. God, how could it feel this damn good when it was obvious Angel had never done this before? It just wasn't fair! 

Then Angel took him all the way in until his nose was buried in dark curls. He paused and made that whimpering purr again, the vibrations threatening to blow the top of Spike's head off. "Fuck, Angel!" he gasped, hips automatically snapping forward in a short thrust before he managed to control himself. Another low sound from Angel and Spike's tenuous control snapped. 

He grabbed his sire's hair and pulled him up and off his cock. Angel moaned and then whimpered. Spike's growl silenced him before he wrapped one hand around his shaft and ordered, "Open for me." When Angel obeyed, Spike slid inside and pushed almost all the way to the back of his mouth. "Like that, huh? Want me to fuck that pretty mouth, is that it?"

Angel's groan was answer enough. "Fuck!" Spike gasped, pulling back and returning. "Gonna get it, baby." He forced himself to go as slowly as he could, ordering softly, "Swallow," when he was right at the other man's throat. Angel obeyed, amazed at how full he felt when Spike slipped into his throat and he constricted around him. The strangled moan from above told him that was good, so he did it again, then again before Spike's hand tightened and held him still as the blond retreated. 

Another slow press of his hips, and when Angel took him all the way in again, there was no more thought about being gentle or making it easy. Spike fucked his mouth with short thrusts, not wanting to lose the feel of his mouth more than he had to. He looked down and hissed, "So fuckin' hot with your mouth wrapped around my dick, pet. Gonna come, shoot right down your throat. You want that?" 

The low growl in response sent him careening over the edge. Spike howled, a long eerie sound that seemed to hang in the air as he came in bursts of starlight. Angel fought to pull back near the end, and Spike couldn't hold him still, could only watch wide-eyed as his sire drew back so he could taste his come. 

Spike's flavor filled his world, and Angel drank him down eagerly, licking his lips when he finally released him. If he'd known that it would be this good, that Spike would taste like that, he'd have shoved him against a wall and gone to his knees when he first laid eyes on him! He cleaned Spike in the aftermath, long sweeps of his tongue bathing his skin while Spike combed one hand lazily through his hair. 

Spike watched Angel clean him, still dazed from coming harder than he could recall in recent memory. When Angel released him, it was to press a kiss in the hollow of his hip with a soft whimper and whisper hoarsely, "Please." 

Again he begged for some unnamed something. Spike opened his mouth to ask, but when those dark eyes raised to his again, the words lodged in his throat. He knew that look, knew the desire that shone there from his own experience. And there was only one thing that he'd ever wanted when that took hold. He nodded and said quietly, "Get on your bed, pet. Hands an' knees, an' then don't move." 

Heat flared in the dark depths, but Angel didn't say anything, only nodded and turned around, crawling back into the bedroom with the same slow, pantherlike gait that he'd stalked Spike with. Spike watched him for a long minute, then tucked himself back into his jeans, stripped off his shirt and walked over to the phone. Pressing the button with Wesley's name next to it, he stated, "Angel's not feelin' too hot. Got a piece of a demon on patrol, needs to rest up. Go ahead an' start the meetin' - I'll stay here with him, make sure he's all right." 

The Watcher accepted his explanation readily, but any thought of him fled the second he hung the receiver up. Dropping his shirt on the floor, Spike followed Angel into the bedroom to see if he was actually going to get to live out his own private wet dream after all.