Summary: Vicky shows that she can give a good switching when she catches her boyfriend lying to her.
Keywords: F/M, spank, femdom
Author: Rick_oh
Title: Anatomy of a Switching

Anatomy Of A Switching (F/M spank)

"Come here, I wanna talk to you," Vicky instructed.  He walked over 
and sat next to her on the sofa, hoping that the tone he detected in 
her voice was not anything to be concerned about.

"D'you remember where you said you went to lunch Wednesday of last 
week?" she queried.

"Uhh, not really, that was several days ago," he responded.

"I remember," Vicky continued, "you said you went with Rob to the 
pizza place.  A little bird told me that you went to that titty bar - 
the Cabaret."

"Oh, that," he said, feeling his mouth go dry and his words difficult 
to enunciate.  "Well, we were going to go to the pizza place, but Rob 
really wanted to go to the Cabaret, so we went there."

"Oh, really?!" Vicky said, her lips forming a slight smile and 
raising her eyebrows.  "This little bird also told me that she saw 
you go in the Cabaret alone and leave alone."

He looked downward, his heart pounding, knowing that he'd been caught 
in a lie, and not knowing what to say.  After a few seconds, Vicky 
grasped his chin and turned his face so that he had to look at her.  
He immediately cast his eyes away from hers.

"Why did you lie?" she asked, simply, with no trace of anger in her 
voice.

"I don't know," he responded.  "I guess I thought you wouldn't 
approve."

"It's true that I wouldn't have approved; but I wouldn't have been 
too upset - 'least not for long - and I wouldn't have felt the need 
to do what I'm going to do today."

"Vicky, please don't be mad at me," his voice trailed off.

"I'm not mad. But you do have a choice.  We can either call it quits 
and stop seeing each other, or you can make amends."

"You know I want to make amends, Vicky, don't you?" he asked as tears 
welled up in his eyes.

"Not so fast," Vicky continued.  "You don't know what I had in mind, 
and I want you to make the decision that's right for you."

"What do you mean?" he asked tentatively, staring vacantly at her 
dishwater-blonde hair.

"Well," Vicky explained, "if you wanna continue to have a 
relationship, the only way I'll do that is if I give you a good 
switchin'."

He was stunned by what he just heard.  "A... switching?!"

"Yes," she stated matter-of-factly.  "A proper switchin'.  And it 
won't be easy for you, because I expect you to take it properly.  And 
it's gonna be a GOOD switchin'. I guarantee you, it will not be a 
picnic for you.  I'll give you five minutes to think it over.  When I 
come back in here, tell me what you decide."  Then she got up and 
left the room.

Conflicting thoughts raced through his head.  Is it going to hurt?  
Of course it will hurt!  How much will she switch me?  What did she 
mean by saying I have to take it properly?  Will I be able to take 
it?  I don't know.  Should I try?  What if I can't take it like she 
wants, will she still break up with me?  Man, oh man, why did I get 
myself into this?  Who the hell is that 'little bird' who squealed on 
me?  Does she work there, was it someone else that doesn't like me, 
who could it be?  Will she ever tell me who it was?  Geez, I 
shouldn't have lied to her, but I was sure she'd go ballistic if I 
told her!  Now I have to pay for it.  Damn! I don't want to quit 
seeing her.

Suddenly he noticed Vicky standing in front of him.  "Well, what did 
you decide?"

"Vicky, I uh, I don't want to break up with you!" he stammered.

"Good!  I don't really want to break up either, but the decision had 
to be yours.  So you're saying that you'll take a good switchin'?"

He nodded meekly.

"Okay, here's how it's going to be," she began.  "I'm fixin' to go 
out and cut three good switches from the willow tree.  You're gonna 
have your pants off and you're gonna take it bending over.  I'm gonna 
switch hard, 'cause you've got to learn your lesson.  And I'm gonna 
be the one who decides when your switchin' ends.  You've got one last 
chance to back out, and if you do, there's the door."

"No, I - I'll stay..."

Vicky picked up a small knife.  "While I'm out cuttin' the switches, 
I want you to strip down to your underpants."  A moment later he 
observed Vicky at the willow tree, reaching up and examining the 
branches, looking for suitable switches.  He quickly shed his 
clothes, keeping his underpants on as directed.  After Vicky had all 
three switches cut, she used the knife to pare off the thinnest parts 
of the ends, and she got rid of the shoots and leaves.

She came into the house and rinsed the switches at the kitchen sink, 
and set them down.  Next, she moved one of the dinette chairs out 
into the middle of the living room while her boyfriend watched with 
increasing apprehension and dread.

"Come over here now and bend over the back of this chair," Vicky 
directed as she patted her hand on the part he was to bend over.  As 
if in a daze, he walked over to where she was, where she guided him 
into the desired position with her hand.  

"I want you to stay bent over like that through the whole switchin'.  
Now I went out and got three switches.  I'm gonna use two of 'em 
until they're all used up.  If you let go or get up out of position 
I'm gonna add two strokes with the third switch, for ever' time that 
you do that."

"I'm really sorry, Vicky!" he exclaimed.

"I know.  You're sorry you got caught.  But you wouldn't 'a told me 
otherwise."

He knew he could not dispute that.  Vicky pulled down his briefs and 
they dropped to his ankles.

"Now remember, this is gonna be very painful, and you're not to let 
go or get out of position.  You just keep a very tight hold there, 
'cause if you let go, you'll get extra!"

Vicky picked up one of the switches and stood to her boyfriend's 
left.  "Get ready, now," she said, and, aiming for the center of the 
bared bottom, drew her arm back and brought the switch forward, 
causing it to hiss through the air until it struck the bared target.  
The tip of the switch curled around the right side of his hip when it 
struck, and Vicky continued to follow-through while it swiped across 
his bare ass.

"Ahhhhhhhhh!" he gasped, as the whitened weal began to raise and turn 
a bright red.  "Oh God, Vicky!"  He kicked his feet and twisted his 
hips from side to side.

"That was just a start," Vicky announced.  "There's lots more to 
come.  Hold on tight..."

The switch again hissed through the air and streaked across both ass 
cheeks.

"Ahhh! OW! Oh Vicky," he exclaimed, writhing.

She pressed her lips firmly together and inflicted another switch 
stroke.

"OW! Damn you, Vicky!"

"Two extra strokes for swearing at me," Vicky announced with a 
giggle.  "Now, I'm gonna go a little faster," she continued.  "If you 
let go or stand up, you're gonna get still more extra!"

I know he's gonna let go several times, Vicki thought to herself.
But I've gotta teach him some self-discipline if this relationship 
thing is gonna work.

Vicky proceeded to apply the switch, picking up the tempo, rather 
slowly at first, increasing to a brisk pace after a few strokes. She 
made the switch sing each time she whisked it toward its target.  He 
exclaimed, many times with incoherent sounds, every time the switch 
hit.  He also writhed and kicked in a brisk dancing motion that Vicky 
had to admit was somewhat arousing.  When she had applied less than 
twenty strokes, he abruptly stood up and put his hands over his 
bottom.

"Ah' ahhhh," Vicky scolded, "That brings you up to four extra!  Get 
back in position now!"

"Oh, Vicky, it hurrrrrts!"

"If you delay, I'll add still more.  Get back there now!"

Nervously, he bent over the back of the chair again and looked 
apprehensively at Vicky.

"Hold on tight now - we've still got a ways to go," she instructed.  
She resumed the brisk switching while he writhed, danced, and begged 
for her to be easier on him.  After fourteen  swipes he stood up 
again.

"You're up to six extra now," Vicky proclaimed.  "Get back over!"

He determinedly took his position again and Vicky again energetically 
switched him.  He reacted with frenzied kicking of his legs and 
frantic wiggling.  His shouts filled the room.  After about a half 
minute the switch broke.

"The first switch is used up now.  You can stand up for a minute or 
so before I start with the second one," Vicky matter-of-factly 
announced.

"Ahhhh," he exclaimed, relieved at the intermission and not wanting 
to think about what was ahead.  He looked over at Vicky to see her 
kicking off her shoes; he couldn't help gazing at her attractive bare 
legs which were well-framed by the skirt she was wearing.  She 
unbuttoned and removed her blouse, tossed it aside and removed her 
bra.

"Okay now, we're ready to continue," she said.  "Get back over the 
chair."

"Come on Vicky," he pleaded, "It really hurts! No more, okay?"

Vicky put her hands on her hips and looked at him sternly.  "If you 
really want to get dressed, you'll have to go and we'll call it 
quits," she said.  "Otherwise, I expect to see you bent over and 
ready to take the rest of your switchin' as soon as I have the switch 
in my hand!"

She went to retrieve the second switch.  He sighed deeply and bent 
over the back of the chair again.

"I want you to see if you can take the rest of it without gettin' 
up," she instructed.  Then she resumed the switching.  As the 
switching progressed, she watched with interest the emerging pattern 
of weals on his naked bottom - thick red weals, thin ones, purple 
striations, short and long streaks at various angles, many of them 
overlapping.  Vicky made the switch constantly sing on its painful 
mission of discipline; her boyfriend, on the other hand, constantly 
lamented her attentions, and reacted with uncontrolled, frenzied 
twisting and writhing, kicking his legs in a spirited fashion.  
Despite her scolding, he failed to hold his position to Vicky's 
satisfaction three times during her use of the second switch, 
incurring a total of one dozen extra strokes.

"Okay now, the other switch is worn out," the bare-chested Vicky 
stated.  "You can take a little break for a couple a' minutes.  You 
have twelve more with a new switch comin' to you."  She retrieved the 
third switch, which was the sturdiest one of the bunch.

"No, Vicky... No more!" her boyfriend exclaimed when he saw her with 
the fresh switch in her hand.

"Well, if you would a' taken your switchin' properly you wouldn't be 
gettin' these extra," she explained.  Pointing to the back of the 
chair, she continued, "Over you go, now.  Let's get this over with.  
And I want you to take these properly - no gettin' up or you'll get 
extra.  Remember, there's a lot more switches out on that willow 
tree!"

"Vicky -"

"Get over there! NOW!"  Her stern demeanor, complete with the fresh 
willow switch in her hand, was in stark contrast to the sensual 
appearance of her being bare-chested, barelegged, and barefoot.  With 
Vicky, the introduction of this kind of perceptual conflict was 
instinctual; other women would have had to deliberately calculate it. 
 For him, the conflict served to enhance her mastery of the 
situation.  He felt helpless as he once again presented his bare 
bottom for more discipline from Vicky's switch.

"Now I'm gonna go slower with these, and I expect you to be able to 
stay bent over," she said.  What she did not say was that she was 
going to administer the switch very forcefully; she also tried to 
disregard the increased wetness in her crotch.  "Here comes ONE!"

Vicky's hips briskly rotated as she swung the switch with renewed 
intensity.

"Aaaaaaaah!" he shouted, and repeatedly kicked his legs several 
times.  He twisted and writhed for several seconds.

"Here's TWO!"

With her eye on the target and her lips pressed firmly together, she 
seemed to make the switch whisper the word "whipppp!" just before it 
struck.

"Owwww!  Vicky, PLEASE!"  More kicking and twisting.

"THREE!"

The scenario continued for the remainder of the dozen strokes, with 
Vicky waiting for him to quiet down before swinging the switch again. 
 She observed a fresh striation each time she swiped the switch 
across her boyfriend's bottom.  He, of course, felt a 
lightning-bolt of white-hot pain with each swipe - and felt it 
especially keenly on the sides of his nether cheeks where Vicky's switch 
curled over and bit punishingly into the tender skin there.  She 
delivered the last few swipes especially intensely and observed his 
correspondingly increased reaction.

"Okay, we're all done," she announced and put the switch down. "I'll 
be right back..."

Vicky returned with a damp washcloth and a jar of lotion, and seated 
herself on the dinette chair which had been recently used as a prop 
for the punishment.  "Come around here now," she directed, taking 
hold of his hand.  "Here - face down across my lap and I'll put some 
of this cream on to make it feel better."  He readily complied, 
noticing the irony of his position across Vicky's lap - the 
traditional position for being spanked.  Her gentle touch and 
reassuring manner soon relaxed him, although he flinched and 
exclaimed a few times when she first touched his switch-ravaged 
bottom.  She led him to the bedroom and had him lie face-down for a 
nap.

About an hour later he awoke to see Vicky lying beside him, totally 
naked, with a sensual smile and her hands behind her head.


-----
This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited 
without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified 
is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  Please see my other stories at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
