Lez Be Friends
 by Candy Kane 
Part 1 / Part 2 

My name is Julie and I’m a typical sixteen-year-old girl, bored and horny. It was Saturday morning and my parents were away for the weekend. I had already masturbated once before I got up and again in the shower, but it didn’t help much. I needed something besides my fingers between my legs. Then the phone rang; it was our neighbor asking if I could baby-sit her twelve-year-old daughter, Kim, until Sunday night.
“Sure,” I said, thinking of what I could do with the $25.00 that I’d be getting.
Kim was a pretty girl, her legs were long and shapely and she had long blond hair that came down to the middle of her back. She was always smiling, and when I saw her around the neighborhood, she would wave and say hello.
Kim arrived at noon with her overnight bag in hand. After lunch, we decided to lie around our backyard pool and work on our tans. It was a hot summer day and the pool would be a great way to stay cool and have some fun.
Our backyard was enclosed with a privacy fence and I liked to sunbathe in the nude when I was alone. So after Kim and I pulled a couple of cushions off two lounges and placed them a few feet apart on the deck, I slipped my bikini top off without even thinking of asking her if she minded. She was wearing a two-piece as well and she glanced over at my bare breasts and said, “I think I’ll take my top off too, OK, Julie?”
“Best way to get a good tan,” I said. As I watched her, I realized she had great skin. Her breasts were small but forming nicely; she had adorable little pink nipples. I felt a tingle of excitement at the sight of Kim’s body but wrote it off as just being in a constant state of teenage arousal. She obviously sunbathed in the nude too; she had no tan lines. I enjoyed watching her wiggle her ass around on the cushion to get comfortable. Things were looking up, I thought, and decided to take a gamble and see how she reacted.
“Kim,” I said. “I normally lay out here nude when I’m by myself. Since it’s just us girls, do you mind if I take my bottom off?”
She smiled. “Only if I can too.”
“Hey, great.” I hooked my thumbs under the sides of my bikini, and a second later I was naked. As I tossed it aside, I noticed the crotch was wet. My pussy was way ahead of my fantasies, I thought.
Kim was laying on her back and she brought her legs up and slipped her bikini off. When she did, I got a revealing look at her young sex. It was perfectly shaped: a hint of a mound with delicate lips that flaring out slightly at the bottom and a trace of blond fuzz. I had to admit, seeing this little girl’s pussy was a turn-on and the idea of being alone with her for the weekend made my whole body tingle. I slid my hand down to my crotch to confirm I was definitely wet.
Kim saw me touch myself and her eyes lingered on my pussy after I took my hand away. Then she smiled and turned over on her stomach, her head resting on her arms.
I didn’t want to seem like I was staring but I couldn’t take my eyes off her.  Her ass was flawlessly rounded and her cute toes begged to be sucked. Her skin was tanned the color of light copper and her blond hair flowed like liquid gold down across her shoulders. The more I looked, the more aroused I got.
I had never made it with a girl before. Well, not technically anyway. I had a girl finger me in a swimming pool once when I was twelve. We were on family vacation and I had made friends with this girl at a motel pool. Her name was Sara, and she was a couple of years older than I was. We hit it off right away and spent the afternoon sunbathing, talking and laughing. It was getting dark and my dad told me I had to come up soon and get ready to go to dinner. After he and mom went to our room, there was no one left in the pool so Sara and I decided to go for one last swim.
We floated around for awhile and then she said she felt like doing something crazy. I said like what? She said like skinny-dipping. I told her she was nuts; someone would see us. She said there was no one around, and besides, it would be fun. She unhooked the catch on the front of her top and playfully flashed me her breasts, daring me to show her mine. Then she took her top off, slipped out of her bottom, and laid both on the edge of the pool.
I was wearing a string bikini and the water was deep enough to cover my breasts.  There were little bows on my hips that held my bottom on and a bow in the front that kept my top in place. Sara pulled the string between my breasts and the material fell away. Before I could cover back up, she sank under the water and untied the bows on my hips. With a broad smile, she surfaced with my bikini bottom in her hand. I tried to grab it but she tossed it on the ledge beside hers. A second later, she did the same with my top. Then, with a wink, she turned and dove under. When I saw her bare ass, I decided, why not?
We splashed around and chased each other for a while, giggling at how naughty we were. Then I got nervous that my dad would come down and catch us so I told Sara I had to put my suit back on. I swam over to the ledge, but before I could reach for it, she came up and kissed me on the mouth. I asked her why she did it and she said that I was sexy and really turned her on. She told me she wished she were a boy because she wanted to fuck me. Then she kissed me again, this time a long French kiss and I felt her hand between my legs.
I was so stunned I didn’t know what to do. Before I could react, her finger was inside me.
My heart jumped when she found my clitoris. In no time I was breathing hard and trying to hold on to the side of the pool. She pressed her body against mine and continued to French kiss me while she finger-fucked me.
At twelve years old, I was already masturbating at least once a day, but this was the first time anyone had ever done it for me. It didn’t take long for her to make me cum. It was my first real sex with another person and I loved it.  After I managed to catch my breath, I begged her to do it to me again. She smiled and said she had a better idea: could I sneak out of my room and meet her later that night? She promised that if I did, she would make me cum with her mouth. My pussy quivered at the thought of her licking it. I almost died when I remembered I was supposed to go with my parents to visit relatives that night.  She said that was too bad because she could show me how much fun girls can have with each other.
Reluctantly, we put our suits back on. Before she left, Sara kissed me goodbye and gave my pussy one last carress through the thin material of my bikini. Then she swam over to the ladder. I wanted her so bad I almost cried as I watched her go.
“Don’t forget me,” she said and climbed out. I never did.
Don’t get me wrong, I’m not a lesbian. I’ve already let a couple of boys get between my legs. But I’ve always wondered what it would have felt like to have sex with Sara. I broke up with my last boyfriend over three weeks ago. And he was just getting to where he could fuck me without shooting off in the first ten seconds. Since then, the only sex I’d had was with the five lovers on the end of my hand. So as horny as I was, the thought of spending the weekend alone with Kim definitely made my mouth water and my pussy wet. Suddenly, her voice shook me out of my dreamy state.
“Julie, will you rub lotion on me?”
I felt a rush of heat through my body realizing she had asked me to touch her. 
“Sure, Kim,” I said. “But you’ve got to promise you’ll do me too.”
I couldn’t believe I’d said that. Did she realize what I really meant? Did she know the sight of her naked body was setting me on fire? If she did, she showed no reaction.
I shoved my cushion up next to hers and opened the bottle of suntan lotion. My thigh pressed against the side of her leg as I knelt down and I felt the heat from her skin. I was nervous as I squirted out a small amount of lotion onto my palm. I rubbed my hands together and applied the coconut-scented liquid to her back.
Her skin was even softer than I imagined. I babied it, moving my hands in slow circles up over her shoulders and down her back and sides. Kim stretched her arms out over her head and I leaned forward to rub the lotion on them. My breasts touched her back and my nipples hardened against her warm skin.
She kept her eyes closed but I saw a bit of a smile as my nipples lightly moved across her back. I repositioned myself to get at her legs while my gaze stayed on her ass. Would she let me touch it? Rub lotion into her crack? Between her legs? Or would she get scared and run away?
I babied her feet; pampering them and running my fingers between each perfect little toe. All I could think about was putting them in my mouth. Eventually I moved up her calves to the back of her legs behind her knees. I hoped she liked being touched there as much as I did. Then I moved on to the back of her thighs, getting ever closer to her ass. By now my pussy was so wet that I smelled my arousal. I wondered if Kim could too.
Well, here goes, I thought. I squirted a little lotion onto my palm and placed both hands on her ass. Lightly, I rubbed the sides first and worked my way inward.
“Mmmm,” Kim said. “That feels so good, Julie. You do it just like Janet.”
“Who’s Janet?” I said, taken by surprise.
“My girlfriend. We sunbathe together a lot and she loves rubbing lotion all over me. She’s such a tease.”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“Oh, you know. She likes to put her hand between my legs and play with me.  Sometimes I think she’s a lez but she swears she likes boys too. Anyway, you’d like Janet a lot.”
“I’m sure I would,” I said, not believing my ears. Kim lets her girlfriend touch her? I knew immediately I’d died and gone to heaven. The prospect of having sex was looking better all the time. If I couldn’t have a nice hard dick inside me, Kim’s tongue would do just fine.
I put a few more drops of lotion on my palm and rubbed it across her ass cheeks.  As my fingertips slipped into her crack, Kim spread her legs. Slowly, I traced the inside of her crack stopping for a moment when my fingertip found her little anus, so puckered and tight. My heart was pounding and I was sure she could hear it. I moved my hand down and rubbed the lotion along her inner thighs. Holding my breath, I let my finger touch her. She was so soft, her pussy lips felt like delicate flower petals. It took everything I could do not to penetrate her.
My head was spinning. All I could think about was making love to her. Finally, I realized I had covered every inch of the back of her body with lotion. There was no reason to continue without being accused of sexually molesting a minor. Then Kim turned over and smiled up at me. She stretched out her arms and said, “Do my front, Julie.”
“Do you like it when your girlfriend plays with you?” I asked.
“I love it,” she said, closing her eyes. “It feels really good and it’s so much fun.”
“Do you ever, you know, play with her?”
“Sure. But mostly I just let Janet do whatever she wants. And most of the time, all she wants to do is put her fingers in me.” She giggled and ran her hand down between her legs. I watched in fascination as she rubbed herself.
“Janet sleeps over a lot on the weekends,” she continued. “After my mom goes to bed, we stay up late and watch TV. Janet loves making out so we lay on the couch and do that a lot.”
“Has your mom ever caught you?”
“Yeah, once after school. Janet came over and we were up in my room. My mom came home early and walked in on us.”
“What were you doing,” I asked. My pussy was throbbing.
“We were laying on my bed making out and Janet had her hand in my knickers.”
“Did your mom get upset?”
“At first she did. But later she said it was just a phase girls went through and that she did it when she was young too. She said we should just be careful.”
“Careful?”
“You know, that if we were going to experiment, we should only do it with each other, not with boys and wind up getting pregnant.”
I was mesmerized by the innocent way Kim described having sex with her girlfriend and I wondered if she had any idea how turned on she was making me.
Then Kim said, “But my mom really couldn’t say too much when she caught us.”
“Why is that,” I asked
“Well, because there’s a girl that my mom works with that comes over sometimes. 
They drink a lot of wine and hug and kiss, and sometimes she sleeps with my mom.  I can hear them through the wall. I know they’re experimenting just like Janet and me.”
She touched herself again. Then she said, “Once, Janet was over and my mom and her girlfriend were in the next room. We got really turned on listening to them and Janet said we should take our clothes off and go get in bed with them. You know, maybe they would let us watch or something. We almost did it but chickened out at the last minute.” Kim giggled and said, “But we still took our clothes off and had lots of fun playing with each other.” 
I had never been so turned on in my life. My pussy ached so much it hurt as I pressed my legs together.
Taking a deep breath, I put more lotion on my hands and placed them on her stomach, first rubbing her hips and sides. Would she let me touch her breasts? I slowly moved closer to those ripe little mounds. I’d already touched her ass, and for a brief instant, her pussy. And she told me she let her girlfriend do it all the time. So why not? Acting like it was the most natural thing in the world for a girl to do to another girl, I rubbed my slippery hands over her breasts.  Her nipples turned into little hard buds as I played with them between my fingers.
Kim smiled. “That feels really nice, Julie”
As I continued to run my hands over her chest and stomach, my eyes wandered down to that heavenly spot between her legs. I moved down her stomach until I touched her little patch of fuzz and played with its velvety texture for a moment. Then I rubbed her inner thigh. She closed her eyes and spread her legs letting me know I could keep going. Slowly I moved my hand up until I was touching her. I had to go slow, not frighten her off, so I lightly rubbed her just enough to apply the lotion. Her reaction was a soft moan as she spread her legs further apart.
I cupped her pussy and gently stroked it, my middle finger sliding along her slit. Then I let it ease in between her folds. She was so warm and wet, and she responded by pushing against my hand. I watched her face as my finger disappeared inside her. My other hand was already busy between my own legs.
Kim opened her mouth and sighed, bringing a hand up to play with her nipple.  Then she turned her head so she could watch me masturbate. At that moment, I think we both knew we were going to make love. She reached between my legs and put her hand on mine, playing with my fingers as I worked them in and out of my hole.
“I like to do that too,” she said. “I do it a lot.”
I was about to increase my rhythm when she said, “Julie?”
“Yes, sweetheart.”
“Can I do you now.”
Another thirty seconds and I could have made us both come. But I stopped and reluctantly took my finger out of her. “OK, Kim,” I said breathlessly.
I lay back on my cushion and brought my finger to my nose. A wave of forbidden excitement swept over me as I smelled her and realized I wanted to have sex with this little girl more than anything.
She got up and knelt beside me, squirted some lotion on her palms and rubbed them together. Then she started massaging my feet, playing with my toes like I had hers. “What are you thinking about,” she asked after a moment.
“A movie I saw once. It was about an American girl who took a trip to Japan. One day she went to get a massage from a Geisha girl.”
“What’s a Geisha girl,” Kim asked as she spread the lotion along my legs.
“A Geisha Girl is one who likes to please others,” I said. “Anyway, when they were alone, they took off all their clothes and the American girl lay on her back. The Geisha was going to rub lotion on the girl but instead of using her hands, first she put the lotion on her own body. Then she laid on top of the American girl and rubbed it all over her.”
Kim thought for a moment. “Wow, that sounds like fun. Can I do it to you?”
“I was hoping you’d want to,” I said as my heart raced.
Kim knelt between my feet. Then she held the bottle up and squirted a generous amount on her chest and breasts. After she spread it around, she crawled toward me until her breasts were over my hips. She lowered herself down and started a slow back and forth motion applying the lotion with her breasts across my stomach. “Like this?” she said, smiling up at me.
“Just like that, sweetheart.” My breathing quickened when our nipples touched; her soft breasts pressed into mine.
When we were face-to-face, she asked, “So were they lesbians?”
“Who,” I said not able to think straight.
“The two girls, silly.”
“No, not the American,” I said. “She had a boyfriend and they were always screwing. But she was definitely bisexual because she really got off with the massage. I think the Geisha girl was probably a lesbian, though.”
“So what did they do next?”
“Well,” I said, looking into her beautiful blue eyes. “They kissed.”
“Have you ever kissed a girl,” Kim asked, never stopping her slow, side-to-side movement.
“Yes,” I said.
“Janet and I kiss a lot.” She shifted her hips over so our pussies were pressing into each other’s thighs. With no attempt to hide it, she was humping my leg as we masturbated each other.
“Kissing a girl is nice,” she said in a dreamy voice. “It’s so soft, a lot softer than kissing a boy.” Kim moved her hips faster. “And after they kissed,” she asked, her breathing become more rapid, “what did they do?”
“The Geisha girl turned around so they were in a sixty-nine and they made love.” 
I was finding it hard to speak now as we ground into each other.
“Did you make love to the girl you kissed?”
“No.”
“Did you want to?”
“At the time, I didn’t really know what making love was. Not the way two girls do it, anyway.” 
I could feel my climax building, my stomach sucked in and out. My back arched and pushed harder onto her thigh.
“And now? Do you know how two girls make love?”
“Yes.”
She paused for a moment, then whispered, “Can we do it, Julie? You and me?”
“Kim, sweetheart, that’s all I’ve wanted to do since you got here.” I pulled her face to mine and we kissed hard and deep, her golden hair falling down all over my face. She tasted so sweet and her body felt heavenly on top of me. The intensity of our mutual masturbation increased and it took only a minute more for us to climax together. I felt her warm juice flow out onto my leg as Kim’s body stiffened. Her head jerked back and she closed her eyes tight, grinding herself into my thigh as hard as she could. At the same time she pushed her leg down causing my pussy to spasm in ecstasy.
We lay in each other’s arms for a long time trying to catch our breaths. Then we kissed, this time a soft kiss that seemed to go on forever. Our lips were like feathers lightly brushing each other, our tongues dancing a slow dance together.
Finally, Kim said, “Let’s go for a swim.”
“OK,” I said and we got up and walked to the edge of the pool. I waited for her to dive in first so I could get a glimpse of her cunt lips between her legs.  Then I jumped in and swam after her. We were lovers: touching, hugging, kissing, and laughing. We would take turns swimming between each other’s legs and Kim would tickle my pussy on her way through. We chased each other, splashing and wrestling. When our bodies pressed together, it was incredible. She swam away and suddenly come up in front of me, throwing her arms around my neck and planting kisses all over my face. 
“What’s that for?” I asked.
“Because you make me feel soooo good.” Then she giggled and swam away teasing me to chase her.
“Lets get out and go inside,” I said the next time I had her in my arms.
Kim eagerly agreed and swam over to the ladder. She climbed up but stopped halfway to bend over and ring out her long hair. I was right behind and her perfect little bottom was only inches from my face. Unable to resist, I kissed both cheeks and ran my tongue inside her crack, finding her anus. She let out an adorable little laugh and smiled back at me. “I like it when you do that, Julie.  Will you do it when we make girl-love?”
“I’ll do it until you beg me to stop, sweetheart.”
“Maybe I won’t want you to stop.” Then she wiggled her ass in my face and scooting up the ladder.
My heart was racing as we toweled off. Then I took her hand and we walked across the patio to the house. I saw our reflection in the glass sliding doors: two naked girls hand-in-hand, hot for each other and about to have sex. It was so erotic it made me dizzy. Kim saw our reflection too and slipped her arm around my waist, leaning in to give my nipple a playful kiss.
End of part 1.

LEZ BE FRIENDS Part 2 by Candy Kane
We went upstairs to my bedroom and Kim waited while I closing the shades. I tuned my stereo to a soft rock station and went to her. She put her arms around my neck and pressed her delicate body to mine. Looking up at me, Kim closed her eyes and opened her mouth in invitation. We kissed passionately, our eager tongues trying to taste everything at once. Then I lay down on the bed and pulled her on top of me, kissing her mouth, face, eyes; all that I could.
We softly touched and caressed, snuggled and hugged, our bodies pressed tight, our legs entwined; we breathed the same air and drank the moisture from each other’s mouths. I smelled her hair, her neck, her arms; everything about her sent waves of excitement through me. I ran my hands down her back and over her bottom. My finger found her anus and I gently probed until it started to let me in.
She moved her hips making her pussy meet mine and I sucked in a deep breath when I felt the heat between her legs. 
I was eating her face now, licking and kissing everything. Kim answered my hungry mouth with anxious kisses.
I rolled her over on her back and she opened her legs giving herself to me completely. I moved to her left nipple, and the second I took it in my mouth, she arched her back and wrapped her legs around my waist.
I went from one nipple to the other leaving a wet trail in between. Then I continued my slow journey down her body first exploring her navel with my tongue and then biting and kissing her soft patch of fuzz.
She spread her legs more as I loved her inner thighs with my tongue. Her hips bucked and she tried to maneuver herself to my mouth. All I could smell was her sex and I found it more sensual than any perfume. I was dizzy with the thought of making this little girl give off the fragrance of an aroused woman. I didn’t have to touch her to know she was soaked. Her lips were flared open, gorged with arrousal and ready for sex; they glistened with moisture. Her clitoris stuck out hard and erect like it was about to burst. I was determined to take her to the heights of ecstasy and make it last as long as I could. So without touching her sex, I kissed and licked all around it.
I worked my way down the inside of her legs to her ankles. Then I got on my knees, took her right foot and placed it on my left breast. While she used her toes to play with my hard, swollen nipple, I kissed and licked her other foot.
Her little toes were so adorable with their bright cherry red nails. I slid my tongue between each one then sucked them like candy. Kim tried to masturbate but I made her take her hand away. “Not yet, honey. Besides, that’s my job.”
“You’re so mean,” she said, going back to playing with her breasts.
After I finished her right foot, I swapped it with the other and started over.  Her wet toes on my sensitive nipple sent shock waves straight down between my legs.
“Julie,” she said between moans. “You’re making me crazy. I need you to love me now.”
“Patience, sweet baby.”
“If you’re not going to do me, then I’m not going to play with you anymore.” She pretended to pout and took her foot off my breast but I grabbed it and placed it on my crotch. I was soaked and her big toe easily slid inside quickly finding my erect clitoris. Now we were both playing dirty, I thought.
After a few delicious minutes of sucking her toes while she fucked my pussy, I realized I was going to come if I didn’t slow. Then Kim said, “Please, Julie, I can’t wait. I need you here, now.” With a gesture of urgency, she pointed between her legs.
The fragrance of her arousal was so strong, it made me light-headed. I could tell from her rapid breathing and the rolling motion of her pelvis that she was more than ready to fuck.
I took her foot from my pussy. Her toes were covered with my juice and I licked each one clean. 
I loved the taste of my own girl-cum; the most erotic part of masturbating was licking the juice from my fingers afterwards. I often wondered what another girl would taste like. Now, I was about to find out.
I started licking and kissing my way back up the inside of her legs, taking my time, enjoying the sensation of her young skin on my lips. Then I lay down between her legs and blew on her slit placing little kisses on each side of it.
“Oh, please, Julie.” she whispered and pushed on the back of my head. “Please do me now.”
“You’re only a minute away from heaven, sweet baby,” I said. Then I covered her pussy with my mouth and shoved my tongue in as deep as I could. She cried out as she clamped her legs around me like she would never let go.
Eating Kim was the most sensual thing I had ever done. I couldn’t get enough of her: the salty taste of her skin; the softness of her inner thighs pressed against the sides of my face; the tickle of her adolescent fuzz on my nose; the fresh smell of her young sex; the tenderness of her fingers in my hair; the childlike cries of pleasure; her beautiful body responding to my every touch. I wanted to stay there forever.
Her slender hips followed the rhythm of my tongue and she positioned herself so I could penetrate her as deep as possible. As her pelvic thrusts increased, I concentrated on sucking her clitoris while I slid a finger in her. When it was covered with her juice, I played with her anus. This time, my slippery finger easily penetrated her warm rectum.
Kim went wild emitting little grunts and yelps as she bucked against my face.  She brought her legs up and grabbed the back of her knees. With her toes pointed straight up, she spread herself wide open. Her moans got louder until she cried and laughed at the same time. Her girl-cum thickened and her pussy walls started to spasm-I knew she was getting ready to climax.
Suddenly, she stiffened. “Oh, Julie! Here it comes!” Her juice ran into my mouth and down my chin, dripping into her crack. I tried lap up every drop. 
Without slowing down, I sucked her clitoris while working my finger completely up into her ass. 
She had two more short, quick orgasms in a row before I slowed. Finally, her body relaxed, her legs came down at my sides and she went limp. I looked up and saw her eyes closed, her tongue slowly licking her lips. She stroked my hair as her breathing normalled.
Her body was covered with sweat and her scent was everywhere. I moved up beside her and propped up on my elbow. Stroking her radiant face, so flushed with sex, I whispered, “How’s my sweet lover?”
“Oh, Julie,” she whispered. Then she turned on her side and touched my face. We kissed and she said, “I can taste myself on your lips.” Then we kissed again.
For a while, we just let our hands caress our bodies, saying with a touch what words could not. Kim gently played with my nipples, my navel, and pubic hair as we stared into each other’s eyes.
With my fingertip I traced the edge of her ear, her cheek, her lips. Then she said, “Let’s make love again. This time, let’s do it like in that movie you told me about. Remember, when the girls did the sixty-nine?”
“I think that would be very nice,” I said and kissed her softly. Then I rolled on my back and helped Kim get up and swing her leg over me. She backed up until her ass was over my face. Bringing my knees up, I spread my legs and felt her long hair fall down between my thighs. Looking up, I opened her with my fingers.  Then I wrapped my arms around her hips and pulled her to me.
Kim tenderly kissed my folds and explored them with the tip of her tongue. I pushed my nose into her crack as I licked her, savoring the tangy taste, the musky smell, and sexy heat of her tight little bottom. She opened me up with her fingers and went right to my swollen clitoris, taking it between her lips and loving it with her tongue. As she did, she wet her finger with my juice and slipped it into my ass. The combination of her tongue and finger moving inside me blinded me with passion.
We held on tight and buried our faces between each other’s legs. Muffled cries and the smell of sex filled the air. At that moment, the room faded and there was nothing else in the world but two girls making love.
* * * 
It was almost dark when I awoke. Kim looked like an angel asleep beside me. Her breathing was slow and relaxed, her face a picture of bliss.
We had made love for hours that afternoon, trying any way we could think of to please each other. Kim sat on my face and spewed her girl-cum into my mouth.  Then we lay pussy to pussy in a scissors position rubbing our wet clits against each other. She lay on her stomach and let me eat her from behind, and we tried the sixty-nine again, this time with me on top. Each time was better than the last as we became experienced lovers discovering new ways to make each other climax. At some point, out of shear exhaustion, we fell asleep in each other’s arms. 
I lay and watched her for a long time before I gently put my hand between her legs. Still asleep, she instinctively spread herself for me. Then she opened her eyes and turned her face to me. With a smile, she said, “What a nice way to wake up.” Kim pulled me to her and we kissed. Her mouth was so soft and warm.  “Promise you’ll always wake me like that?” she said.
“What if I want to use my tongue?”
“Mmmm, even better.”
We French kissed as I moved my finger inside her. She responded by pushing against my hand with her hips. “Did you have nice wet dreams?” I asked.
“Yes, they were all about making love with you.” Within seconds, Kim’s breathing increased and her pelvis moved faster. “I want to fuck some more,” she said and ran her tongue into my mouth.
I rolled on my back. “Come here, honey,” I said and made Kim sit up. She quickly realized what I wanted and straddled my head positioning her pussy over my mouth. She was already soaked, her clitoris stuck out like a tiny penis.
I sank my tongue into her and reached around to find her anus. She was humping my face faster and faster in long movements and then short, quick bursts. Then she leaned back and cried out, her warm girl-cum flowing out into my mouth. She had gone from being asleep to climaxing in less than two minutes.
Slowly, Kim rolled off me and lay with her back to me. While I casually fingered myself, I lay on my side and kissed the back of her legs and her bottom, drunk with the smell. After a moment, she raised her leg so I could kiss her pussy from behind and I realized she wanted to fuck again. “Sweet baby, you’re insatiable.” I gave her pussy a loving kiss and propped up on my elbow.
“If that means I want you to eat me some more, you’re right.” Kim said. She sat up and smiled at me.
“I intend to, sweetheart,” I said and took her face in my hands, kissing her. 
“But first, I’m thirsty. How about you?”
“Very.”
I took her right hand and held it in mine. “Is this the lucky one?” I asked and kissed her middle finger.
“What do you mean by lucky one?”
“The one you use to love yourself with?”
“Oh,” she said and blushed. “You mean when I masturbate.”
I put her finger in my mouth and slowly stroked it with my tongue until it was nice and wet.
Then I guided it down between her legs. “Keep it warm for me,” I said and hopped off the bed heading down to the kitchen. I looked back to see Kim’s eyes already closed, her finger moving in little delicate circles around her clitoris.
The first thing I spotted in the refrigerator was a half-full bottle of wine. I grabbed it and a glass, and ran back up the stairs. I could smell her all over me and it made me wet.
When I walked in the bedroom, the scent of our lovemaking almost knocked me over. Kim had positioned herself on her back with her legs spread so I could see what she was doing. She was so beautiful I wanted to forget the wine and dive right in between her legs.
“I missed you so,” she said and brought her finger up to her lips. “It’s just not the same as your tongue.” Then she giggled and sat up. “What did you bring me?”
“Do you like wine?” I said. I sat on the bed next to her.
“I love it. My mom always keeps some in the frig and Janet and I sneak a sip sometimes.”
Kim scooted over until she sat on my lap, her legs wrapped around me, little drops of girl-cum from her wet pussy dripping down on mine. I poured some wine in the glass and we took turns drinking.
“This is good,” Kim said.
I took another sip. Holding a little in my mouth, I pulled her to me. She instinctively opened her mouth and I let the wine flow from mine into hers as we kissed.
“The wine makes me feel really warm and sexy,” Kim said as our kiss ended and she swallowed the liquid. She put her arms around my neck, her adolescent breasts resting on top of mine. “Do you think I’m sexy, Julie?”
“I think you’re the sexiest thing I’ve ever seen. Sexy enough to eat,” I said and nibbled her neck.
“I want another drink.”
I poured a little more into the glass but she tapped her finger on my lips. “No, silly,” she said. “I want it from here.” 
I took a sip and she opened her lips to receive my kiss. This time we passed the liquid back and forth a few times before she swallowed it. Then she slipped her hand between my legs. “Now I want to drink what comes out of here,” she said and put her finger in me.
“You mean you’re still thirsty?” I asked.
“Yeah, for some Julie juice.” She laughed out loud at her little joke. Then she took the wine bottle and said, “I’ll show you a turn-on Janet taught me.”
Kim slid off my lap. I watched in fascination as this adorable little angel got up on her knees and spread them apart. She placed the bottle between her legs and slowly eased herself down on its lip. Guiding the bottle with one hand, she used her other to play with her clit. Her breathing soon quickened and I could see her fingers were getting wet. Then she used both hands to spread herself open wide.
Another wave of arousal swept over me watching this incredibly erotic act as the lip of the bottle slipped inside her. When it was in about two inches, she moved up and down very slowly. As she fucked the bottle, she continued stroking herself.
I couldn’t take my eyes off it sliding in and out of her as I heard her breathing increase. Suddenly, she gasped and her body quivered. She closed her eyes and I saw girl-cum flow out of her and down the neck of the bottle. I was so turned on, I almost fell over. My heart pounded.
Then she took the bottle from between her legs and handed it to me. “Want a taste?”
I took it and touched it to my lips. It was sticky and slightly sweet like honey but with a touch of salt from the sweat of her crotch. I savored every drop as I licked the lip and neck clean. Then I tipped it up and took a long drink.
“So now that you’ve had both, what do you like more, me or the wine?” she said.
“I don’t think I could ever get enough of you.”
Kim giggled that sweet laugh I’d already come to adore. It was so cute and soft, so full of innocence and yet provocative at the same time. God, she was soooo sexy. Before the night was over, I was going to lick and kiss every inch of this little piece of girl-candy. But first, I decided to put her through her own brand of turn-on.
I got up on my knees, spread my legs and stroked my pussy. My fingers slid in and out, teasing my clitoris. I was already wet from watching her fuck the bottle so it took only a moment for me to be ready. I positioned the lip of the bottle between my legs and let it slide into me. I was soaked and there was no resistance as four inches disappeared. Then I masturbated.
Kim leaned back on her heels, spread her legs and fingered herself while she watched. Every so often, she would switch hands and lick the juice off her fingers. When I came, I felt a flood of my girl-cum flow out and down the bottle’s neck. My chest was heaving and my body glistened with perspiration as I took the bottle and handed it to her.
She locked her eyes on mine and put the bottle to her lips. “Delicious Julie juice,” she said and licked the neck like a Popsicle melting in the heat. When she had cleaned it off, she tipped it up and took a drink.
I leaned forward and took her face in my hands kissing her. She kissed me back and then I took the bottle and glass and sat them on the night stand.  “Sweetheart,” I said. “I’ve got to go pee. Lay down and I’ll be right back.”
“Julie, can I watch?”
“What?”
“Please,” she begged.
“Why do you want to watch?”
“Because I like to. I promise it’ll be fun. Janet and I watch each other pee all the time.”
“I’ve got to meet this Janet,” I said and took Kim’s hand, leading her to the bathroom. “So you just want to watch me?” I stood next to the toilet.
“Sit down and spread your legs,” Kim said. “You’ll love what I’m going to do, I promise.”
I did what she asked. Then my lover knelt down in front of me and put her hand between my legs. She stroked my pussy still wet and sticky from the bottle.
“Don’t pee yet,” she said as she played with my slit. Soon, I felt one of her delicate little fingers inside me and then two. She found my clitoris and started rubbing it. I could feel it swell up and come out of its hiding place. I had to pee badly, and yet this was so wonderfully nasty having her hand between my legs and her fingers inside me. I started breathing hard as I felt yet another climax building. I put my hands on her shoulders for support.
She smiled up and me and said, “OK, do it.”
A flood of liquid shot out of me just as I came. I looked down and watched her rubbing me, the hot golden urine squirting on her hand. It was so erotic and one of the best climaxes I’d ever had. I leaned over and kissed her, running my tongue into her mouth to find hers. When I was done, she giggled and got up.  Rinsing her hand off in the sink, she took a wash cloth, wet it, and wiped me clean. “I told you you’d like it,” she said with a big smile.
“God, did I.” I kissed her all over her face.
“Now, my turn. I’ve got to pee too.”
I stood up and let Kim take my place on the toilet. She spread her little legs wide and I knelt in front of her. I reached out and stroked her pussy, letting my finger slip into her hole. She smiled at my touch and placed her hands on my shoulders.
“Do you and Janet do this a lot?” I asked.
“Yeah. It’s one of our games.”
“What are some of the others?”
“Sometimes when we’re alone, we take all our closes off and slow dance. N & N we call it; naked and nasty.”
“That sounds sexy. What else?”
“Sometimes we go into a stall in the girls bathroom at school and make out. 
Then, when we’re got each other wet, we switch knickers.”
“Sounds like you and Janet have a lot of fun together.”
“We do, but Janet doesn’t put her mouth on my hole like you do. Maybe you could show her how. You could teach Janet how you and I fuck and then the three of us could do it together.”
“Great,” I said and kissed her. I felt her body responding to my strokes. My thumb found her little love button and it got hard just like her nipples did when I touched them. I was so excited at being able to please her. I couldn’t wait to get her back in bed so I could bury my face between her legs and take her to heaven again.
Kim tilted her head back and closed her eyes. I watched her stomach suck in and out. She gritted her teeth and said, “Oh, Julie, here I come.”
With a gush, she let go and a stream of urine shot out. It was so hot washing over my hand.
She was bucking my fingers now, trying to get every bit of pleasure out of them.
I rubbed her pussy until all the urine was out. Then I kissed her and got up to wash my hand. I came back with the cloth soaked in warm water and cleaned her.
I kissed her again and said, “So you think we should see if Janet can come over?”
“Yes,” she said with a big smile. She threw her arms around my neck. “You’re gonna love Janet.”
“I already do,” I said. A new wave of erotic excitement swept through me as we went to the phone. Two fresh young girls to make love to in one night. I was in heaven.
I played with Kim’s pussy as she called Janet and told her everything. After a few minutes she hung up and smiled at me. “She’s coming,” Kim said. “And she can’t wait for the three of us to do it.”
“Speaking of coming,” I said. “Let’s see if I can make you come one more time before Janet gets here.”
With a tiny squeal, Kim ran across the room and dove onto the bed. By the time I joined her there, she already had her legs spread for me.


