BJ GETS A BARGAIN


(F, mast, exhib, extreme)

YO! Sailor! Donate to NIFTY!  NOW! Or no liberty!

I usually find the anticipation of sex to be a great turn-on.  Whether it's looking forward to doing a show or meeting someone new I like the build up of excitement leading up to the actual event.  In this case, when the turn of events came as a complete surprise, I realized that the excitement of the unexpected could be just as great. 

I had received a number of requests for posters and other such items generated from people that had seen my sites.  I finally decided that fulfilling those requests was something I could do. The problem with doing this was that while I loved doing what it took to make the posters, I didn't like the tedium of dealing with all the logistical problems.  One of these problems was getting a supplier that could make up the mailing tubes for shipping the posters.  Ah well, nothing to do but deal with these hassles.

I picked a small shop out of the phone book and made an appointment to visit them and work out the details.  Late that morning I drove over to check on mailers, prices and so on.  This was the drudge part, but it was one of those days when your mind is humming and your body is singing and life is good so I really didn't mind.  The shop was a small local concern with about five workers and a receptionist and I could tell that one of the guys knew me from somewhere, but couldn't quite work out where that might have been.  He kept eyeing me as we went through the business issues.  When his eyes popped open and a grin spread across his face I knew he finally placed me.  I gave him a big smile in return.  I sometimes dreaded being recognized, but this was not going to be one of those times.  In fact there had been a little harmless flirting going on between me and the five handsome guys working in the place.  As we concluded our business it was about their lunchtime and I was invited to join them.

Now I was supposed to be there to look over cardboard tubes and pick the right size to use as mailers for my posters, but somehow I can usually find a sexual reference in anything.  The plastics forms used to wrap the tubes had a certain appeal to me.  They were of various sizes with a bluntly tapered end to slip the tubes over and they looked like nothing more than large phallic shapes.  So naturally I was getting just a wee touch wet at the thought of all these objects to explore.  As the guys starting getting lunch ready, the bantering tone began to take a little more turn to the salacious.  It finally came out in the open as to my various talents, my fondness for large objects, particularly bottles, and any other large smooth object I could try and fit inside me.  Things really got going when I told the guys I felt I was keeping them from their lunch.  As they were getting their stuff out, one guy could not find his favorite Miami Dolphins drinking cup.  I told him that I could help him with that problem, and while their jaws dropped, I started to put on a little show.

They stared wide-eyed as I began a slow teasing strip.  With languid disregard I started to unbuttoned my blouse, pausing to run my hands over my body before releasing another button.  There was an audible and collective gasp every time I popped another button open and I loved exposing myself to them and the control it gave me.  When my blouse was entirely open I slowly drew it out of my shorts, pulling it open and letting it drop to the floor.  I strutted in front of them, cupping my breasts through my bra, offering them to the visibly excited men, feeling the hardness of my nipples under my nearly sheer bra.  I let my hands slide across my stomach, stroking myself sensuously, loving the feel of my hot flesh.  I desperately wanted to plunge my hands under my waistband and rub myself but I forced myself to go slowly, parading in front of the men and watching their excitement build.  I unsnapped the waist of my shorts and almost caressed the zipper down as ten eyes were glued to my descending hand.  Actually there were twelve eyes as I noticed the receptionist peering around the corner from her cubicle.  I held my shorts up by the open flaps, working it tightly into my crotch, letting my wetness soak through the fabric to form a spreading dark patch, pressing my clit.  I jiggled the crotch of the shorts against myself, not able to resist, my breathing as heavy as the watching men, squeezing my pussy in reaction to the tingling of my clit.

As I rotated in a slow circle before the men, taking as much time as I could in sliding my shorts down, my body was on fire.  My stomach was fluttering, my back to the guys, slipping off my shorts, the thong of my panties pressing deliciously between my ass cheeks, I was wet.  I was generating enough heat myself, but the moans and cheers of my audience spurred me on.  I stepped out of my shorts keeping my back bent and thrusting my ass towards them as I massaged my cheeks, spreading and closing myself, giving them peeks of my anus visible under the thin string of my thong.  I couldn't help spreading my legs and rolling my hips, grabbing my panties and forcing the material tightly between my legs until my pussy lips were fully exposed, surrounding the thin fabric.  Out of the corner of my eye I could see the receptionist now standing in the hallway, lightly stroking herself.  My brief panties were completely soaked and a small trickle of juice was running down the inside of my thigh.  I remained bent over and began to draw my thong slowly down my legs, my wet pussy unwilling to give up the material embedded between my vaginal lips.  With the sides of my panties almost to my knees the thong released from between my legs with a snap, shooting a few drops of my juice onto the floor.

I strutted over to the horny men wearing nothing but my bra, stepped between them and up on to the picnic table they used for eating lunch.  Their heads swiveled in unison to stare up at me, completely under my control.  I stepped in front of the guy that couldn't find his glass, straddling his open soda bottle, telling him not to worry, that I would find something for him to drink from.  I swiveled my hips as I opened and closed my knees, giving them glimpses of my open pussy.  My hands roamed over my body, my fingers spreading and pulling my vagina open, then darting inside to come out glistening from my juices.  I ground the heel of my hand against my clit and shook from the sexual tremors.  My hands pulled my ass cheeks apart, opening myself, giving in to the wantonness that possessed me, wanting to be totally open and exposed, reveling in my lust.  Slowly my knees bent as I sank towards that open pop bottle.  The pretty young receptionist was standing fully in the doorway staring at me as I caught her eyes and watched her reaction as my crotch moved lower.  She was totally turned on, her hands roaming over herself, pulling her short dress up unconsciously.  The men were still staring at me, wondering, hoping, but not sure.

As I approached the bottle my hands spread my pussy lips and I stopped a few inches above the mouth of the bottle, letting them feast on the view of my openly exposed pussy.  I teased them, moving back up, stopping, lowering myself again, closing my knees then spreading them even wider.  I moaned as my pussy came in contact with the cold glass bottle, now teasing myself instead of my audience, riding up and down on the neck in short strokes, prolonging the moment before I would sink down.  Just before my eyes rolled up and my eyelids closed, lost in the moment, I saw the receptionist watching me in disbelief, her face reflecting the lust she felt.  I let myself down, the neck sliding inside of me, then the shoulder of the bottle spreading me open, pushing aside my vaginal ring to slip tightly over the smooth glass, lubricated by my flowing juices.  I thrilled to the feel of the bottle inching up into me.  I pulled hard on my ass cheeks, opening my anus, stretching my pussy tight, and making myself feel the bottle more.  Further it penetrated, well over half the bottle inside as I continued down.  I could hear the erotically different moans of the receptionist mingled with the moans and groans of the watching men.

Endlessly it seemed the bottle slid inside, deeper, as I could feel every rib and ridge stroking it's way across my cunt lips.  A momentary jolt when the mouth of the bottle speared against my cervix causing a short blunt pain and then it was through, entering my womb.  The walls of my pussy were clutching spasmodically against the glass, a reflex action of my arousal.  My insides were turning to jelly as my excitement built, my breathing hoarse and ragged.  There was now a dual source of arousal as the bottle spread both my vaginal opening and the entering neck opened my cervix.  I didn't know how much longer I could remain in the position before my legs gave out when my ass touched down on the table top, the bottle almost fully embedded inside me.  I let more of my weight drop down on my butt trying to get the last bit of the bottle inside.  I had to slip my fingers under the bottle to raise it up before I felt my pussy lips close around the bottom and the bottle was fully buried inside me.  There was a collective drawn out moan as I leaned back exposing myself to everyone's gaze and they knew it had disappeared inside me.  I sat up straight again sitting firmly down on the tabletop and began to rock and shake on the flat surface.  I steadied myself with one hand as I began to stroke my clit with increasing arousal.  I rocked ferociously on the bottle, trying to screw it further in, letting it knock about inside me, vibrating against my cervix.  My eyes were open, looking at them in turn, enjoying them watch me approach orgasm, displaying myself and my depravity for their enjoyment.  I rolled back slightly and with one hand beat frantically against my clit while shoving my fingers inside my pussy, pushing the bottle deeper until the shoulder was spreading my cervix.   I was just starting to push my fingers into my anus when my climax hit and my orgasm washed over my body.  I froze, except the hand on my clit, and let my spasms pulse down the sides of the bottle as I clenched against it.  Slowly I relaxed as my spending diminished.

I raised myself up, still squatting over the table top, and pushed the bottle out until it was only half way inside me, the mouth and neck sliding through my cervix until it closed shut.  The guys were transfixed as they watched my pussy lips spread open and part before the bottom of the bottle.  I reached behind with both hands and rolled onto my back, drawing up my knees.  This upended the bottle and I felt its contents chugging and gurgling as it emptied inside me.  I kept my pussy tilted up and withdrew the bottle.  Grinning at the guy that had misplaced his cup I told him that I was better than the Miami Dolphins as a drinking cup and to take his fill.  He frantically searched for a straw, grabbed one, slid it gently into my pussy and began to suck his soda pop out.  Apparently he was pretty thirsty, as he was not able to get enough in through the straw and yanked it out.  Taking a deep breath he buried his face between my legs and began to drink with huge gulps.  I could feel the pressure inside ease as he drained me.  He must have been really thirsty as he spent quite some time trying to lap up every bit with his tongue.

This pretty much started a stampede as another guy grabbed his soda, poured it inside me and then began to drink.  I could actually feel a difference when one guy poured in a citrus flavored Squirt.  After a few guys did this the receptionist was standing between my spread legs.  Amidst the cheers and catcalls of the guys, and as she blushed (in excitement?) she took her one liter plastic water bottle and actually slid it halfway inside of me.  It was neat to watch the water level drop as it flowed in.  She apparently had some difficulty in getting it out as she kept working it back and forth.  Needless to say I found this to be a real turn on and was getting significantly aroused by the time she pulled it out and put her face against my pussy.  She began to take small laps at first, graduating to bigger swipes with her tongue until she was extending beyond my gaping pussy and frequently drawing across my clit.  My hips began to rock in sync with her licking, small amounts of water splashing out of me as my vagina contracted in excitement.  I was getting really aroused when she said that she had drunk enough.  I screeched at her in frustration, begging her not to stop, but she only smiled and said she needed to wash her hands.  I moaned in dismay for a moment when she started to insert her hand inside me.  My moans quickly turned to arousal as her hand slid in (obviously another fan).  I heard one of the guys exclaim "Oh My Gawd" but it didn't really register as I squeezed her wrist with my pussy.  She began to pump in and out, shaping her hand into a fist.  That fantastic feel of her pushing against me, her knuckles spreading me open, popping in and out in quick short strokes that vibrated the most sensitive and erotic spot of my vagina.  My anus clenched and released as I quickly built towards another orgasm, my legs locked with frozen muscles.  She caressed my ass cheeks lovingly, feeling them tighten in response to her fisting.  I erupted when her lips locked onto my clit, her tongue shaking and stoking my clit.  She never stopped the whole time I screamed in orgasm, forcing my body to respond, making waves of climax roll through me as I rode the crest of my excitement.

Finally I slowed, the sensations too intense to bear, and she withdrew.  I had spewed out the remaining water over the front of her dress and my pussy just continued to open and close with the remnants of my orgasm.  She left to clean herself up, but this was not the end of the lunch hour.  As visitors of my sites are aware one of my favorite toys is a two-liter bottle.  Although I am not able to take it fully inside of me, I love the feel of letting all my weight rest on the small portion I can get inside.  It is one of my favorite fantasies to imagine that huge bottle sliding up inside me.  The guy that had recognized me when I first walked in set an unopened two liter bottle next to me, and with a leering look let me know it was for my use if I so desired.  Did I ever, despite my recent orgasms.  I staggered to my feet on shaking legs and someone unsnapped my bra.  I massaged my unencumbered breasts, squeezing my erect nipples.  My knees nearly buckled from the pleasure of pulling and grasping my breasts and nipples.  Then I reached over to the bottle and set it between my feet, lowering myself until it came in contact with my pussy, and braced myself with my hands resting on the bench of the picnic table.  Gradually I let my weight down onto that huge bottle.

Aaaahhhhhhh that familiar feeling.  The pulse quickening spreading of my pussy over the rapidly flaring shoulder of the bottle.  The way that its massive thickness slid across and forced my thighs apart, reminding me just how thick it was.  The quick stretching of my cunt muscles, bringing back the frustration of not being able to take it no matter how much I wanted to, yet just the thought of the way it massively opened me up triggering an immediate erotic reaction.  The top tickled my vaginal walls, the bones of my pelvis resting on the shoulder of the bottle, my cunt releasing volumes of juice........Oooohhhhhh I wanted it.  I wanted to feel myself sliding down the sides of the bottle, rearranging my insides, stuffed beyond human possibilities.  I wanted to sit with my ass planted firmly on the floor, that monster object imbedded deep in my body, a huge bulge shoving out and stretching my abdomen.  I knew it wasn't to be, I loved the feeling of sitting atop this, but..............God I wanted it inside me.

I had most of my weight sitting on it and if they wanted to see me do this it was fine with me.  This time my audience was live instead of viewing me through their computers and I loved it.  Tentatively I raised my feet off the floor, holding my self in position with my hands.  I made slight rocking motions back and forth wanting to get as much in me as possible.  As always I sort of had the sensation of sitting on a barstool or something, certainly not something I could take inside me, but I could still dream.  Even though I really couldn't penetrate very deeply with it I liked the way it moved my insides around as I rocked gently on it.  Wait......what was that....did it go in a little?????  I continued to rock on it..........OH MY GOD ........It did, I slid just a tiny little fraction of an inch down, but I did get a little more in me.  I rocked some more.  I willed myself to relax, forcing my tight butt cheeks to relax, visualizing them hanging down, oh desperately trying to relax.  Ohhhhh SHIT....it did go in.  I was being stretched farther than ever be fore and it was magnificent.  I waited, patiently as I could, relaxing..........OH MY GOD..OH MY GOD...OH MY GOD....a little more entered....I stopped breathing...my thighs were entering my body, I was being opened up....OH SHIT....OH SHIT....OH SHIT.......I was sliding down..... OH GOD IT HURTS!!!!!!!!.....but it is sooooo ggooooodddddd.   MORE...MORE...MORE.....I WANT MORE.......My clit was vibrating across the plastic of the bottle, my breathing was harsh as I screamed in ecstasy.  The entire shoulder of the bottle was in me and I was sliding down the sides.  I was almost weeping in joy and excitement.  It couldn't be but it was.  I was taking it.  Two, three.......four inches inside.....Oohhhhhhhhhhhh  EEEeeeeeeeee ............ ....OOOooohhhhhhSSShhhiiiiiiittttt.   TAKE IT OOOUUUTTTTTT.....IT IS TOOOOO BBBIIIIIIIGGGG....I couldn't take it, despite my hunger and need to be stretched wide this was just too much.  I begged them to help me get it out when.......NOOOO ......... NOOOOOO I'M GOING TO COME..........I'M CUUUUUMMMMIIINNNNGGGGG.   Short explosive breaths, legs shaking violently, stomach churning, abdomen swelling, rocketing orgasm exploding inside me.  I continued to sink down on that massive intrusion as I came.  A mind blowing orgasm.  Vainly my overly stretched cunt muscles tried to contract and release but I was spread too far, yet I came.  I was sliding down the length of the bottle, cumming as I descended.  The only stimulation was my obscenely spread cunt, but it was enough.  My ass cheeks rested on the floor, the bottle fully embedded inside my abdomen, clearly visible from the outside as a huge bulge extending up past my ribcage. I sat on the floor for I don't know how long and came in big racking waves.  My body jumping and my eyes rolling back I tried bearing down, to assert some authority over my situation, but I couldn't.  That enormous plastic bottle-cock ruled my being.  I gave way entirely to my climax, letting that bottle rule me, sitting there for minute after minute  as I came, pumping my juice out into a spreading pool of cum.  

But it became to much, it was too big, I couldn't handle it any longer.......Out, I need it out.  TAKE THE FUCKING THING OUT OF MY CUNT....ITS TO BIG.  I tried to straighten up but couldn't.  Two guys grabbed me, each with a hand under my arm and lifted me up.  I was clawing at my breasts, yanking on my nipples, scratching at my clit as I came. Begging them to take it out of me.  Another guy grabbed the bottle and as I pushed, wrestled it from my body.  Instantly when it came out I squirted huge jets of my juice.   BUT I WAS EMPTY.  I begged them to stick it back in.  It was as if they had ripped out part of my body.  I was not complete without that massive bottle inside me.

I reached for it as I lay down on the table top, spreading my legs, my cunt open, gaping, yawning, a huge hole that could only be filled by that bottle.  I tried to help them shove it in but couldn't do much as two guys pushed it back inside.  I began to be spread again by the fat sloping shoulders of a two-liter soda bottle.  I was held in position from behind, preventing me from being shoved off the other side of the table.  I lurched and rocked against them working at getting it back in.  I felt myself being spread further and further apart.  My cunt lips and vaginal ring spreading endlessly as it was driven inside me.  Spreading and opening as I swallowed that bottle.  My pussy closed on the sides of the bottle and I lay there panting, unbelieving, but knowing that this was what life is about.  I was continuously screeching, constantly on the brink of orgasm.  Little jets of pee shooting out, wanting more, always more.   Watching the advance of the bottle inside as it distorted my belly, swelling my flesh.  Miles of smooth huge plastic seemed to be plunging inside me, traveling endlessly through my vagina, bulling through my cervix and entering into my womb.  I was ecstatic with lust as my body adjusted to the unbearable stretching, accepting that this was now part of me.  As my cunt lips closed over the base of the bottle I was ready for more.

MY ASS, SHOVE IT INTO MY ASS I screamed, frantically pointing at one of the forms for making the cardboard tubes.  One of the guys grabbed one but it was too small......NNNnooooooo    A BBIIIIGGGGG OOONNNNNEEEE.  They brought it over, the one I had been frantically pointing at but there was no way it was going to go in, I was unleashing another orgasm, my face contorted with lust, bellowing out my passion, consumed by eroticism.  I threw my self around in their grasp as I thrashed in the throes of climaxing, all the while demanding, then begging them to fuck me.  FUCK MY CUNT.....FFUUUUCCCKKKK MY AAASSSSSSS...FUCK ME...FUCK ME..... FUCK MEEEEEEEE.  I pleaded with them to fill my ass.  Finally I felt the blunt tip of the huge plastic form against my anus.  I thrust against it, the weight of the bottle as nothing in my passion, hardly noticing it as it was buried deep inside me.  My asshole began to open, c'mon c'mon c'mon shove it in...........  GOD DAMMIT SSSSHHHHOVE IT INNNNNNNN.  FUCK MY GUTS....RUIN ME BUT GET IT IN.  This was it, I was gone, but my anus began to open, began to accept it, began to get fucked.  This was it....... Oh God this was it.  I froze, centering on my crotch.  Focusing on the opening of my ass hole and my gaping cunt.  I felt it going in, spreading, stretching me more until the head was in and it slid deep, a four inch thick dildo forcing its way alongside a two liter bottle.  Inches in, more than five inches in.......oh shit seven inches in....I've got over seven inches, now nine, ten, a foot...A FOOT of a massive dildo in my ass and a two liter bottle in my pussy.  Between my legs I was distorted into two huge holes, my legs forced widely apart by the bulk between them, yet the plastic objects still pressed deeply into the flesh of my thighs so massively was I penetrated.  I was in a trance, only aware of the vast size inside me.

Then there was quiet as all stopped.  Where was I?  What was going on?  Something was going on between my legs.  They were being taken out........No they couldn't, they stopped........now they were going back in..........slowly at first, then faster......in and out.  Ooooohhhh shit I was being fucked.  Oh My Sweet Lord I was getting fucked.  It was taking four guys to work them, to fuck me, but I was getting fucked.  I was surfacing, consciousness was returning.  My body was rocketed back and forth,  huge members were rushing in and out of me, stretching me.  Rolling my anal and cunt lips in and out as they thrust into me.  I was pummeled like no one ever before.  There was never a person that got fucked like I'm getting fucked.  It was so good.  One second my body was filled explosively,  then it was empty and vacant, demanding to be filled again.  Faster, more violently I was fucked, my cunt serving only to accept this huge thing and then to send messages to my brain telling me I was getting fucked.  My ass pushed in and out by a massive invader, getting fucked beyond my dreams.  Oh sweet shit this is good, it is unbelievable, it is what I live for.  Finally my brain began to return signals instead of just absorbing them.  In a flood of electrical charges it told my body to explode, my voice to scream in ecstasy, my body to lock in rigidity, my cunt to flood in tides of cum, my rectum to spasm in explosions of contractions, my body to explode in orgasms and climaxes that rolled on and on.  I know my body was vibrating and jumping on the table top, blitzing in front of my awestruck audience as I glowed with the release of sexual energy.  

When it was over the objects were gently withdrawn.  I was allowed to rest, my body open to all, singing in the aftermath.  Finally, able to acknowledge that  yes, I would accept a discount on the mailers.

Comments to duress1959@yahoo.com


http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/duress/


