The throbbing sound of the club enveloped them as they crossed the threshold, an insistent, near physical beast all its own. Music from three separate dance floors battled for attention and bodies, their rhythms alternatively clashing and melding as they crashed across each other. Voices called to one another across the walkways, adding to the noise but not the substance. Lights flashed a call and response to the music, making the bodies around them seem to spin out of control as they pushed against each other.

Jack had his arm around Ianto's waist, possessive and solid, declaring to everyone in the club that this woman belonged to him as he guided them away from the door and the cool, quiet, obscurity of the outside world.

"Who do you like?" Jack's voice was loud in his ear, carrying over the techno-beat. His warm breath was heaven against Ianto's over-heated skin.

It had been so easy for Ianto to slide into sub-space and take on his new persona at the Hub. To let Jack lace up the corset until he could barely breathe, to put on his makeup and transform himself into a woman, at least on the outside. But here in public all of Ianto's fears came screaming to the surface. With each face that turned to watch them pass, he was certain that everyone would see that he was a freak and a fraud. His fears hollered at him to run away, to stop the scene and never ever press against his own walls again. Instead, he concentrated on walking as though he had been born in four-inch stilettos.

"Hmm? Tell me." Jack's voice again, deeper, closer, the sound vibrating against his eardrum under the drone of the music.

"Dunno," Ianto said, flustered.

"Look around."

Jack changed sides, sliding his arms around, still encircling Ianto's waist, scraping his nails along the hard rubber ribs of the corset, making it tremble against Ianto's skin. Jack was taking him deeper into the wanton heart of the club.

"Tell me who you see… Pick someone pretty. Someone hungry. Someone who wants you."

"I don't know…"

"It's okay. We'll let them come to you." Jack dropped his hand down to Ianto's arse and squeezed through the layers of rubber. "They're begging for you already, just look at them."

Ianto followed Jack's glance to the cluster of men and handful of women who were gathering in their wake, all of them with their eyes locked on Ianto. He tried to see what Jack saw when the crowd looked at them.

Jack had made certain that no one would be paying him much notice tonight. The greatcoat was back at the Hub, the bracers were gone, he looked normal. He was still handsome as hell, but just ordinary enough to fade into the background against the black and red wonder that Ianto had become.

Ianto shivered, enthralled and terrified.

A stunning queen, her hair so black it looked blue under the lights, piled in artful coils to spill down the side of her head, stepped forward. Her skin-tight blue-black dress was slit to her hips on both sides showing off the long line of her legs. In her platform heels she towered over both Jack and Ianto. When she dipped into a deep, flirtatious curtsy she made it seem easy, like she was born to both her height and her glory. She winked outrageously when Jack helped her to stand before turning to offer her hand to Ianto.

"Hello, darling. I'm Anna Condamint," she said, pitching her voice loud enough to be heard over the wail of the dominant electric refrain.

Jack nudged Ianto's shoulder. "Say hello, Isolde."

Ianto looked up at the name, his eyes burning into Jack, momentarily angry. They had never talked about names for this part. Taking on a name made it, her, real in a way Ianto hadn't thought about, wasn't sure he wanted to think about. Jack looked calmly back at him. Jack's rules, Ianto's choice.

"Beautiful," Jack leaned in to whisper into Ianto's ear. "My beautiful Isolde." And suddenly Ianto knew that Jack meant more than the English translation of the name. "Isn't that who you are tonight? Isolde? My beautiful, brave girl?"

Ianto felt his heart skip a beat. He nodded, his whole body pulsing at the look in Jack's eyes. He turned back to the smiling face in front of him.

"Hello, Anna," he said, trying to fully claim the woman whose body he was wearing.

"You are exquisite, my dear."

Ianto could feel himself blushing and went with it, allowing himself to smile and be just the slightest bit awed by the attention he, she, was receiving. "Thank you."

Anna slipped away with a wink and a blown kiss from her perfect lips and Ianto breathed a sigh of relief feeling as though he'd passed some sort of personal test.

A dark haired man with perfectly oiled pale skin, and more muscles than Ianto thought anyone needed, slipped into Anna's place. He clutched at Ianto's wrist with both hands, gripping just a little too hard for comfort.

"Mmm. Delicious," he said, all but drooling onto Ianto's skin.

Ianto straightened his shoulders and tugged his hand away. Before Slimy could say anything else a woman with a mane of copper-red hair tapped the man on the shoulder.

"I don't suppose you'd be willing to be darling and let us girls have some time together?" She smiled sweetly around her thick American accent.

The man frowned.

"I believe the lady is next," Jack said, looming forward.

Slimy looked from Jack to Ianto's collar and back to Jack, his discomfort increasing as his eyes moved. He bobbed his head once and slipped away. Ianto sighed in relief.

Jack offered the woman Ianto's hand. She took it in both of her smaller ones and squeezed gently.

"Men!" She laughed, and Ianto's eyes were caught by the creamy flesh bouncing from the top of her emerald-coloured corset. He had a sudden vision of spending a night, somewhere quiet and softly lit, licking chocolate and strawberries off those breasts for a very very long time.

"I'm Miranda DeLacourt, but you can call me Mandy."

Ianto looked at Jack, who nodded permission, then turned to Mandy, smiled and squeezed her hand lightly. "Isolde," he said with what he hoped was an engaging smile. She might not be the one he was looking for, but Mandy was absolutely lovely.

Mandy nodded, apparently seeing something of his thoughts on his face, or maybe feeling it woman to woman, if that was even possible.

"Nice to meet you, love. Don't let these boys run you ragged, especially that one." She nodded her head at Jack who let loose a rich, velvety laugh.

"Never ragged, just right," Jack replied, capturing one of Mandy's hands to kiss her knuckles.

"Mmm, I do like a man with manners." She caressed Ianto's cheek with her free hand. "So lovely."

Ianto turned his head and kissed her palm.

"You decide you want something different, you give me a call, ya hear?" She pulled a card from her cleavage and handed it to Jack with a wink.

Jack grinned. "Oh, we will, we will."

As Mandy stepped away, another man slid into the gap. He nodded to Jack before bowing over Ianto's hand. His pale hair reflected the shifting colors of the dance floor, blues and reds and greens flickering as he bent to place kisses along Ianto's hand. When he looked up, his eyes were bright blue and laughing. He recognized the game and was happy to play along.

"Hello, Isolde," Blondie purred, one hand wrapped around Ianto's wrist while the fingers of his other trailed along the underside of Ianto's arm and back down the top, setting Ianto's nerves on fire. Ianto trembled under Blondie's gaze, wanting to fall into the heat he saw there.

He felt his hand squeezed and his shoulder bumped at the same time and opened his eyes to see Blondie looking up at him intently.

"I'm Sean," he purred.

Ianto nodded, trying to get a grip on his spiraling senses. He squared his shoulders. Something about Sean's eyes, the way he looked at Ianto, reminded him of Jack's confidence and his power to eat Ianto alive. It was a dangerous combination.

"Isolde," Jack's voice tugged Ianto away from the cliff that was Sean's eyes. "Aren't you going to say hello?"

"Hello, Sean, it's a pleasure to meet you," he let Isolde say, all curves and desire.

Sean kissed his hand again and smiled, far too knowingly. "The pleasure is all mine, I assure you."

Jack leaned forward, a pleased look on his face. "It might just be." He held his free hand out to Sean, "Jack Harkness."

As Sean and Jack shook hands Ianto felt suddenly like a prize being fought over by two wolves, each one sniffing the air, seeking the weakness in the other. Then the tension shifted. The beasts had come to an understanding; instead of fighting, they would share the treat. Share him. Ianto shivered, clamping his jaw on a moan.

"Shhhh," Jack soothed, running the flat of his hand over the short black wig then down to the rivets and ties binding Ianto's back. "I've got you."

Ianto looked into Jack's eyes, seeing understanding and strength. Ianto nodded. What else could he do? What else did he want to do? Not a bloody thing. He was boiling, burning, needing to come apart at the seams and Jack was his chosen cutter.

"Sean," Jack said, his eyes never leaving Ianto's. "Would you mind keeping an eye on Isolde for me while I get the three of us something to drink?"

"Not at all," Sean replied, stepping closer to Ianto and effectively blocking any others from joining them.

Ianto's heart skipped a beat. Jack was leaving him with a stranger in the middle of the club?

Jack squeezed Ianto's hand. "Relax," he murmured against Ianto's neck, one hand stroking softly across Ianto's shoulders. "You're doing so well, being so good for me. You are still you no matter who else you might be. Talk to him, make sure he's who you want."

As Jack moved off, Sean maneuvered Ianto away from the dance floor to a near-by table with three tall bar stools.

It took a moment for Ianto to sort out that he could sit just on the edge of the chair, one heel hooked over the rung of the stool, the other planted firmly on the ground for support. That way he could sit and breathe, if he was careful, around the compression of the corset and skirt. Visions of blood and broken bodies, past actions and missions gone horribly wrong, assaulted him as he fought for air in his new position.

Ianto balled his fists and wrenched his mind back to the present, to the ridiculously attractive man in sinfully tight leather trousers, grinning at him.

"Didn't your mother ever tell you it's not nice to laugh at a lady's misfortune?" Ianto asked around the pain in his chest.

"Mmmm, she might have," Sean nodded, his hair swirling around his shoulders with his movements. "But then she never wore anything quite like that."

"I see," Ianto said, torn between amusement and annoyance. He let his eyes wander across the slim grace of Sean's torso and opted to let go of annoyance. The man sat like a dancer, all straight lines and perfect posture. Ianto followed the long line of muscle, clearly visible against his stretch of white t-shirt, down to the very distracting laces along the sides of his trousers.

"I doubt she expected to see her son in dressed like that either." Ianto murmured, raking his eyes down Sean's body again.

Sean chuckled. "No. No, she didn't."

A lock of hair fell across Sean's eyes, tempting Ianto. He brushed it back, away from the glorious green eyes, and behind Sean's ear. It felt like silk threads under his fingers.

"Anna was right, you are exquisite, Isolde," Sean said, catching Ianto's hand, placing kisses against his palm.

Ianto closed his eyes, awareness of the club and other people melting away as he let himself float on the sensation of Sean's lips on his flesh; Sean's teeth just barely grazing the mound below his thumb, the man's tongue licking a burning wet path up his forefinger.

"Oh…" Ianto sighed, trying to breathe past his too-fast heart beat and the hot rubber closing in around him.

"And if that isn't a pretty sight, I don't know what is," Jack growled from behind them.

Ianto started, pulling away from Sean, worried for a moment that he'd overstepped, but Jack pressed his hand back against Sean's mouth.

"Feel his lips, Isolde," Jack whispered, his other hand caressing the back of Ianto's neck and it was all Ianto could do not to come apart right at that moment. He arched into Jack's hands and traced Sean's lips with his fingers.

"How about we move this somewhere more private?"

Ianto felt Sean's smile and then the rumbling sensation of words as Sean spoke past his fingers.

"Good idea."

Jack nipped Ianto's ear and pulled his hand away.

"Drinks are waiting for us."