The sun was not yet baking over the resort as I settled in by the pool. At that point, it was just me and the bartender who was clanking ice into bins as he set up for the day at the swim-up bar. I spread out a towel over a mesh lounge chair and eased back, letting the day begin.
I was perhaps half a chapter into my mystery when I heard her flip flops scrape the cement as she approached. Looking up, I watched a brunette, no more than five-foot-three inches tall, in a ball cap with her pony tail dropping between her shoulder blades, enter wearing a purple coverup. While trying to look like I was reading, I knew I wanted to see what was under the coverup, and smiled as she walked past me.
"Good morning," I said lightly and was rewarded with a coy smile.
"Good morning to you, too," she replied and set her should bag on a chair about 10 feet away.
After unrolling her towel, she untied the wrap and slipped it from her shoulders.
Under the coverup was a purple and green bikini, completely form fitting but modest for this resort. She turned away a moment to show the full bottoms, colored light green and trimmed in black bands and a stripe of purple. Her legs were not long, but sculpted to show she worked out or ran. Turning back to me, she gave a wonderful view of the c-cup breasts tucked into a bandeau top, almost bursting out.
I could have applauded; it was my first instinct. And though I'd tried to look like I was reading, there was no way to fake I was checking her out when she turned around. So I smiled, and mouthed the word "wow."
That got a smile in return, one spreading quickly across her lips with just a hint of her teeth.
"Looks like we have the place to ourselves," I said.
That's when she turned and leaned over to spread the towel out more, then looked back at me and wiggled just a touch.
"Is that why I'm getting your attention?" she asked with a laugh.
"Ummm, maybe. But I'm pretty sure I'd notice you in a crowd, too. I'm Charlie, by the way."
"Hi Charlie, I'm Mallory."
"Nice to meet you. Are you here with friends?"
"Why do you ask?"
Feeling cocky, I picked up my towel and book and moved one chair away from her. Mallory was leaning back now, idly toying with her bottle of sunblock.
"Because I'd like to get to know you better but not if you have a jealous boyfriend."
Setting my things down, I leaned forward to offer my hand. She took it with a touch both light and firm, and her fingers lingered on my skin and burned into my brain. Her left hand held up mine as she looked for a ring.
"And you don't have a jealous wife as you perv on me?"
"Nope, just an ex-wife who left me with just enough money to enjoy this resort for a week. And besides, 'perv' is a strong word—I was just struck by your radiant beauty."
That got a laugh that tinkled around the pool area. At the bar, the bartender watched us as he wiped down glasses and the counter.
"Can I buy you a drink?"
"How do I know you don't just want to see me stand up in my new bikini again?"
I stood and walked over to her lounger, cock tenting slightly. "Why don't we celebrate? It's a gorgeous Monday morning and we're both free in paradise."
I held out my hand again, knowing my 7-inch cock was perking up. I'm no porn star, but no one, not even my ex-wife, ever complained when I was inside them. Mallory reached out, taking off her cap as she stood up. As she set it down, her right hand brushed my hardening cock.
"Yeah. Let's celebrate," she said and strolled to the edge of the pool. In a flash she was in the water. She surfaced and looked back at me. "Looks like you're a rotten egg."
I dove in behind her, surfacing within two feet and giving her ribs a small tickle.
"No fair, I barely got a chance to see you in your bikini above water," I said.
"Feels like you liked what you saw," Mallory said with a quick feel of my hard, cut cock.
I smiled, took her free hand as she sidled into me and we worked our way to the bar.
"Mimosas," I ordered for us with a smile as Mallory eased on to a concrete barstool. I took one more look at her ass as she leaned forward.
"So how long are you here for?" we asked at the same time.
"Nice, are we reading each's other minds already?" I laughed as I asked. "I'm here for a glorious week and already loving it."
Our drinks arrived and I lifted mine.
"To freedom in paradise."
Mallory lifted her glass and we clinked.
"I'm here through Thursday, with two of my friends from college."
"Oh no, I hope I'm not intruding."
"Not at all. They didn't even get in until about 4, and they sure didn't even hear me leave."
"They left you alone and had a wild night?"
"I was out for a little while, but I was tired from the flight."
"Ohh, so now you're catching up."
Mallory sipped and smiled, bending just enough to show how full her breasts were in the bandeau top.
"Did you just decide to hit on the first sweet young thing you met this morning?"
"No, but you made it easy, and fun, too."
I slipped my hand around her side under the water. By now it was impossible to hide my erection and I didn't want to. I wanted to bury it deep inside Mallory and soon.
"Making yourself at home?" she asked with a giggle.
"Not as much as I want to be," I answered, feeling giddy.
"You men, think you can buy me a drink and I'm yours." Mallory's left hand darted out and found my cock. "Ohhh my, you are getting ideas, aren't you?"
I traced her sides with my fingertips, moaning lightly as her teasing continued.
"I guess it kinda shows. Feels like you want it, too."
"We shouldn't keep something like this confined, it's not good for it."
"I hadn't even told you about my suite yet."
"You got a suite? You are celebrating."
"Goddamn right. Want to join me?"
Getting shot down with a raging hardon might still have been a possibility, but something danced in her green eyes and that sly smile reappeared.
"Yeah, I do."
"To freedom in paradise," I said again, holding up my glass.
She clinked, we drank, and then set them back on the bar. When I stood again, my cock pushed at the top of my swimsuit.
"Mmmm, you better tame that thing or the party won't last long," Mallory said.
"Not the first time, maybe."
"You might need my coverup, stud," she said then plunged back across the pool to our chairs. Swimming back might have eased my hard dick had I not been following her in the pool. I pulled up short to watch her climb out. I was not disappointed, or ashamed to watch as she hoisted herself easily from the pool, cat quick but followed by a small cascade of water.
"You don't need it," I said as I climbed out and reached for the towel she handed me. "I'm supposed to do that for you."
"You'd like that, wouldn't you?"
"Yeah, and it shows, I know." I wrapped the towel she handed me back around her body before we scooped everything up and I put my hand on the small of her back to guide her to my room. It opened over the pool, but went also had a secluded ocean view from a private deck.
I was surprised how suavely I flashed the card at the lock sensor, it was already hard enough not to sprint from the pool to my door. In we went, letting things slip to the floor as the door latched. I caught Mallory from behind and slowly drew her back as I shifted her ponytail and kissed her neck. Because I was only about 3 inches taller than her, she didn't have to stand on tiptoes to press her herself back against my dick.
I guided her toward the back patio, where the tub was already bubbling and a bottle was chilling.
"Let the celebration begin," I said and turned Mallory to me for a kiss. Our tongues met almost immediately, searching, seeking as we moaned.
She climbed into the tub, but before Mallory could settle back, I grabbed her tight ass and pulled her over my face. My tongue snaked over her inner thighs as she grabbed my head for balance with one hand and pulled the fabric of her bottoms away from her pussy with the other. I needed no other invitation to feast, and licked her labia, exposed and puffy. Alternating between flat long licks and jabbing with my curled tongue I tasted her, hot and ready. Our hands held her steady even as her knees wobbled and hips squirmed.
In went my middle finger, then then my index finger as I looked up at Mallory. Her bikini fit so tightly I was able to slide the fabric back over her clit and run it as I smiled at her.
"Lick it," she moaned. "Lick my wet pussy before you fuck it."
Parting the fabric again, I dabbed my tongue just above my fingers. By now she was sopping wet, thrusting her pussy over my face and fingers. Her moans became longer, followed by gasps and shudders.
My chin and cheeks were wet, her juices covering my beard and mustache as Mallory began to buck.
"Cum for me, baby. Cum on me," I said looking up at her.
It started with a low wail, and then she was pressing herself right over my mouth while pushing my head into her pussy. It was harder to hold on as she began rocking, but we rode the wave of her standing orgasm until she lifted herself from my face and looked down unsteadily.
"Oh my fucking God, why did your wife ever let you go?" she panted. She settled in next to me, and pulled me for a long kiss, licking her juices off my face.
"Do you know how hot you are when you cum?" I asked.
"Sit up, it's your turn," she answered, breath still heavy.
The styles Mallory used were beyond description as she lavished my cock, partly because she used so many. It began with a bath, her tongue as precise as mine tracing her thighs as Mallory went straight up and down my cock. Reaching the head, she swirled her way around it, finishing with little kisses before starting again at my balls.
Reaching the head for the third time, Mallory opened her mouth and I filled it. She was slow and loose at first, getting the measure of my cock as it throbbed in her mouth. All the while she looked up at me, slurpy and sloppy. Bobbing easily, she hummed lightly as she took in 5 inches or more. Then, on the fourth pass up and down, her lips tightened as she took all of me into her mouth.
"Ohgooodddyeesssss," was about all I could say. Mallory picked up speed, making occasional gulping noises and fucking my cock from end to end with her mouth.
Then she worked the head again, jerking me with three fingers and her thumb as her tongue swirled and danced.
"Squirt for me," she said. "You've wanted this since I took off my coverup."
Then I felt it building, rolling from the depths of my body, cock twitching and throbbing as Mallory tongued it. My toes curled under the water and I thrust up in the air. The first spurt nearly melted in her open mouth, then she dropped about halfway down my cock to keep swallowing the load blowing out of me.
And then Mallory drew her mouth back and pushed her bikini forward to let cum rain on her in splatters and splashes. She guided the spurts with small jerks, coaxing it all out of me. I hit her full breasts, her top and her shoulders before she slipped me back into her mouth to clean my cock.
With a long sucks and a quick kiss, she finished and I slipped into the bubbles.
"Do you think we woke up your friends?"
Mallory giggled again, rubbing white flecks of cum over her top and tits. "You ate my pussy better than they ever dreamt of."
"I know I better not be dreaming."
Mallory reached under the water and stroked me. "It doesn't feel like it."
"You really want to break in this new bikini?" My fingers moved between her legs.
"What do you have in mind, baby?"