The Nude Advent Calendar
by Humilatron

The Nude Advent Calendar - Part 1

The Belmont University soccer team all lined up, nibbling their lips as they stood there awkwardly. “Let’s go ladies!” Coach Reynolds yelled. “You lost the bet, now you have to honor it. No protests. I heard from Coach Stevens that this was all your idea. Don’t make challenges if you’re going to be sore losers.”

The Belmont Bald Eagles had made a wager during the fall season with their rival, Wagner College. Every year the colleges had a week dedicated to games 7 days, 7 games. It was something only their colleges would do because of the big rivalry they had. It was their version of Boston versus New York. Belmont was so confident they would win that they proposed the loser would have to participate in a nude calendar.

There were 11 players: Emma, Hadley, Charlotte, Vicky, Nicky, Sarah, Edna, Anna, Hannah, Jessica, and Dana. Each of them had varying physiques but most of them were slim. A few of them, however, were padders. Meaning they would pad their bras or wear butt pads to make themselves look bigger. So the idea of having to pose completely naked was absurd.

The Wagner Jaybirds decided on how the girls would fulfill their lost bet. “We’ll make it seasonal,” Heather, the team captain said. “We’ll make an advent calendar for the 12 days leading up to Christmas. Each of you will have a different day. You can decide the order amongst yourselves. Don’t worry, we’ll let you cover up everything.”

The girls agreed to it, but the one problem was now they had to actually strip naked. And the Jaybirds decided to get their coach involved. Even worse, Coach Reynolds decided as punishment, the Jaybirds would get to watch.

The girls: Heather, Stacey, Macey, Lacey, Pacey, Casey, Tracy, Nancy, Ace, Darcy, and Jacey all gathered in chairs watching with the biggest smirks on their faces. The Bald Eagles really didn’t like the idea of the rival team watching but didn’t have a choice as the coach threatened to add red bottoms to their pictures.

They all began to slowly undress. As they did, the Jaybirds mocked the girls, teasing them as they exposed their underwear underneath. They laughed as some of the girls were wearing underoos and cartoon patterned briefs while others had more plain underwear and were so obviously padded.

When they took their shirts off, the Jaybirds roared with laughter. “Oh my God,” Heather giggled. “They’re all flatties!”

It was true. Each one of them had padded their bras to the point where each one of them became several sizes smaller as they bared their breasts. Not all of them were flat as Heather had called them, but they were all smaller ranging from max B cups to AAA cups. The girls desperately covered their small chests, burning red as they hid their shame.

The next step was their underwear which each slowly slid off, hiding their crotches from sight. “Hands at your sides!” Coach Reynolds yelled.

They had no choice. They dropped their hands and the Bald Eagles revealed a surprising twist… “They’re all bald!” Nancy roared.

Not a single hair, not a single stub was present on their crotches. They were all shaved bare. Bald as babies.

Next came the actual photos as Coach Reynolds lined them all up each taking pictures so that their chests and crotches were in the center of the frame. “But we’re missing one day,” Coach Reynolds said as she turned to the Jaybirds. “What do we do about that?”

The Jaybirds had the biggest evilest smiles on their faces. “We anticipated this,” Heather said as she whispered into Coach Reynolds’ ear. “What do you think?”

“Girls, I want you all to line up. We’re taking a team photo,” Coach Reynolds said.

And that’s exactly what they did.

Now what the Jaybirds failed to mention is that while they promised to censor the 11 individual photos, they also never mentioned any deal of censorship for the 12th photo. So as the calendars were passed out to all around both colleges, the nude pictures of all 11 girls hidden inside the slots of the calendar, there was 1 that would be opened on Christmas day. And that 1 photo would be the one to expose them all.

And in case there was any mistake, each photo was labeled with the full names of each girl.

Oh and they also forgot to mention that the entire photoshoot was recorded on a separate camera and each photo was printed into the Wagner College yearbook.

Additionally the girls were in for a great surprise in the Spring season when their uncensored team photo would be plastered onto the jumbotron for all the fans to see.


The Nude Advent Calendar - Part 2

When the Jaybirds discovered the uncensored photo on the twelfth day, they were devastated. The whole town, everyone had seen their naked photos and now a completely uncensored version was out in the open. One of the girls, Hadley, was beyond embarrassed when her older brother approached her and held up the naked picture of her.

“Is this you?” Matt asked.

Hadley’s eyes widened and her face turned bright red. “W-what is… what is that?!”

“I think mom would like to know too,” Matt said. “You know how she feels about this kind of stuff.”

“She doesn’t know… does she?” Hadley gulped.

“Oh, she definitely knows,” Matt said. “She bought one of the calendars for her work, remember?”

Hadley looked horrified as her tiny chest and bare crotch were on full display. There was no hiding it. “Oh God,” Hadley said. “What do I do?”

Matt shrugged. “Mom will be home soon. So I hope you’re prepared. My advice, don’t argue with her.”

Hadley couldn’t get the thought out of her head as she waited for her mom to come home. Hadley gazed on the window, waiting for the inevitable. Hadley saw a car turn in, but to her surprise it wasn’t the only one. In fact, there was a whole line of cars pulling into their long driveway. Hadley had a horrible feeling as she saw her mom step out of the car and behind her was… the rival team? Her coach? And her teammates… she wasn’t sure what was planned but she wasn’t liking this at all.

As her mom entered the house she gestured Hadley into the living room as everyone else gathered around. “Hadley Isabel Davids,” her mom said. “It has come to my attention that YOU were behind this whole bet. I want the full story now!”

Hadley gulped as she gazed at everyone standing there waiting for her to explain. Hadley looked away to see her brother and his friends standing there as well. They were all watching her. She sighed. “Y-yes,” Hadley said. “It was my idea. We were trying to figure out something exciting to do for the upcoming season. Heather proposed we did a simple prank war, but I proposed a more intense wager. The idea was a nude calendar event. But the deal was also that the photos would be censored. I thought that we would win, but I was wrong.”

“And now…” her mom said. “You’re going to get punished.”


The Nude Advent Calendar - Part 3

“Mom, please,” Hadley said. “I… I wasn’t the only one involved. W-what about them? They were a part of this too.”

“But it was your idea,” Mrs Davids said. “And so you’re going to be punished for it. Besides, I’m not their parent, but I am yours. Now here’s what’s going to happen. Since you like posing naked so much, you’re going to have your own dedicated nude calendar. It’s going to be completely uncensored and all 12 months will be dedicated to you.”

Hadley gasped. “Mom, no. Please. Isn’t it bad enough the whole town saw ONE of my photos.”

“And your coach will be recorded and taking all of the pictures,” Mrs Davids said. “And the more you argue, the worse it will be for you.”

Hadley looked at her teammates for help but all of them had small smirks on their faces, glad it wasn’t them being punished. “Mom…” Hadley said. “Do they all have to present for this…”

“Of course,” Mrs Davids said. “Now strip your clothes off. The sooner you do it, the sooner you can be done. Although I should also add… for the next 12 months you will also be completely naked.”

Hadley’s jaw dropped. “You can’t be serious.”

“I’m dead serious, now strip your clothes off.”

Hadley couldn’t believe that this was her fate. None of the others had to do it, just her. Hadley squirmed as she grabbed hold of her pants and closed her eyes as she pulled them down revealing her Barbie underwear. She was met with giggles and snickers and was reminded that her brother and his friends were also watching. “Maybe one day you’ll learn to wear big girl panties,” Heather teased.

Hadley ignored her and pulled her shirt off exposing her obviously padded bra. “I don’t even know why you bother, Hadley,” Stacey said.

Hadley blushed as she undid her bra and let it fall. A roar of laughter filled the room as her flat AAA chest was once again on display. “She looks like a little girl. Oh that has to be one of the photos. The Barbie undies and the little ant sized chest,” Nancy laughed.

“Wait,” Mrs Davids said as Hadley had begun to reach for her underwear not wanting to satisfy Nancy’s request. “She’s right. Hadley, put your arms to your sides.”

Hadley obeyed as she saw Coach Reynolds snap photos with her fancy HD camera and showed them to Mrs Davids. “And now…” Heather said. “The grand reveal.”

“Keep your arms at your sides,” Mrs Davids said as she grabbed hold of Hadley’s underwear.

Hadley squirmed as her mom pulled her underwear to her ankles exposing her completely bare crotch, which of course was still hairless and bald. Her mom stepped away just as Coach Reynolds took another picture and showed it to her. “And now just 10 more. Feel free to make suggestions of how Hadley should pose,” Mrs Davids said.

The girls all nodded, thinking of what to do while Hadley had no choice but to just stand there naked.


The Nude Advent Calendar - Part 4

“You should have her pose spread eagle.”

“Have her stick out her butt and spread her cheeks.”

“Make her thrust her chest out so everyone can see how flat it is.”

“She should masturbate in one of them.”

“Why not spank her bare ass until it glows red and have two photos of a before and after.”

As the girls shouted out suggestions, Mrs Davids slowly had Hadley doing the poses that were shouted out. She had to pose spread eagle, spread her butt cheeks with her ass pointed at everyone, thrust her chest out, and then they got to the last two.

“Just masturbate,” Mrs Davids said. “Fingers only. I’m sure you know what to do.”

Hadley blushed unsure of what to do. “B-but I… I’ve never… I don’t know what to do.”

The girls roared with laughter. “Aw, baby Hadley’s never played with herself before?” Charlotte giggled.

“Well you best get started,” Heather teased.

“It’s easy,” Stacey said. “All you have to do is go in and out. Make sure to spread that pussy nice and wide.”

“I can’t believe you’ve never masturbated before,” Nancy said.

Hadley gulped as she put her feet up and began rubbing her clit, and spreading her lips. She really hadn’t masturbated before and had no clue what she was doing. “I… I can’t do it,” Hadley cried after 10 minutes of trying to feel something.

The girls all laughed. “Here, let me show you,” Heather said as she pulled Hadley’s legs wide open.

She put two fingers inside Hadley’s bare pussy and her thumb in Hadley’s butthole going in and out while rubbing Hadley’s clit. Hadley gasped as Coach Reynolds took pictures. She then did another picture as Heather crouched and tongued her spread lips. Hadley’s face turned scarlet as she came. Heather winked at Hadley and then stepped back. Hadley blushed while she nodded slightly.

“And now,” Mrs Davids said. “A spanking.”

Hadley gulped as her mom pulled her over her lap and immediately began spanking her with no mercy. Her butt glowed bright red while Coach Reynolds snapped the pictures. Hadley couldn’t help but rub her bare ass when it was all over which Coach Reynolds also took a picture of. It all went by so quickly until it was finally over with and the others began to leave all except Heather who snuck upstairs while Mrs Davids scolded Hadley and reminded her that she would have to be naked for the rest of the year.

She couldn’t even meet her brother’s eyes as she ran up the stairs, unable to think about anything else except her upcoming fate.


The Nude Advent Calendar - Part 5

Hadley made her way up the stairs and into her room, closing the door behind her. “I’m proud of you,” Heather said.

Hadley looked up to see the team captain of the rival team standing in her room. “You are?” Hadley said, biting her lip.

Heather nodded. “It was really brave of you,” she said.

Hadley sighed as she sat down on the bed next to Heather. “So… we’re not going to tell the others that… this was all planned?”

“What and ruin the fun?” Heather said. “You got what you wanted. A taste of exhibitionism. I got what I wanted, an excuse to clean you out in front of everyone, and they think they’ve won. I’d say that there’s no reason to tell them anything. I mean what would you say? That you threw the game on purpose? That would only make them mad. Not to mention the fact that you could have easily scored about 10 more points that game.”

“I can’t believe I’ll be naked the whole year,” Hadley whispered. “It’s so… exciting.”

Heather kissed Hadley on the forehead. “Well, you get to do what you want to for a whole year and no one will question it. I say that’s a win too. Now come here. That session only made me want you even more.”

Hadley bit her bottom lip and shuffled on top of Heather. Their lips meeting while Hadley’s long brunette hair cascaded down contrasting Heather’s short blond hair. Hadley gasped as Heather repositioned herself to be on top, taking control of everything as she pinned Hadley’s wrists down. “What about my chest?” Hadley whispered, the only insecurity she really had. “Everyone’s going to laugh at it.”

Heather stopped and gazed at Hadley, her eyes meeting Hadley’s saddened eyes. “You know I didn’t mean anything I said, right? I was just playing my part,” Heather said. “Hadley, you’re so pretty and beautiful. You don’t need a big chest to look hot. I don’t care what those bitches say.”

“I know you didn’t mean it,” Hadley said, looking down. “But others do… and… I… I just hate how… boyish my chest looks.”

“Stop it,” Heather said as she came down to meet Hadley. “There’s nothing wrong with having a small chest, okay? It doesn’t subtract from your beauty. And it’s nothing to be embarrassed about. Like I’ve told you so many times, you are beautiful and nothing is going to change that. Not a C Cup chest, not a triangle patch over your crotch. And if you hold your head up with confidence, no one is going to bat an eye at you. You are your own worse enemy, Hadley. Be proud of yourself, and remember this is what you wanted.”

Heather gently kissed Hadley. “You’re right…” Hadley said.

“Of course I am. Now, come here,” Heather said. “I’m really, really hungry.”

Hadley blushed as Heather lowered her head, her lips meeting her lower lips as she began tonguing her once more.


