The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in
which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work. 
Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of
the copyright holder, except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access
archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com
Please!  Give me your comments.

This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance.


MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 11

Lisa

Andy and I, as part of our training mandated by Uncle Bert and given by Madame Delilah
who ran the best call girl service in the country, had been playing whore-john on the
streets of San Francisco.  Andy was dressed like a street whore, not a classy call girl
which is training we did with Rebecca, but a cheap whore: tank top, super high heels,
super short skirt, way too much makeup, and chewing gum popping like machine gun
fire. 

When she was propositioned by a movie star (no, I will not reveal his name), the star and
I got in a bidding war for Andy's services.  There was never any doubt she would leave
with me but my final bid was a proposal of marriage. Andy leaped on me, burying me in
kisses, rubbing that wonderful body against me. 

Since she was already my programmed and fully compliant sex kitten (remember, we do
not call them slaves), why, you may ask, did I propose?  I must admit I got caught up in
the moment, in the game we were playing and the bidding war.  But, it was not really that. 
Uncle Bert had programmed me to always think clearly, logically and deeply. I really
thought about it, about Andy and having her forever. 

Once again, my lack of understanding as to how the programming worked impacted my
actions.  I wanted 100% of Andy, all of her, not just the ninety-eight or ninety-nine per
cent covered by Uncle Bert's programming. He had said that her natural tendencies of a
woman to love a man had been directed at me.  I wished to insure that direction never
changed.  And, I am sad to admit, I am still something of a romantic. So, sue me, as
Uncle Bert would say.


There I was, kissing Andy for all I worth in the middle of the street.  As I looked around,
the nearest place with beds was a seedy hotel where the real street whores took their
johns.  We ran to it.  

This place looked like a set out of a bad B-grade Hollywood movie.  The term flop house
would be generous.  We stepped over a wino passed out in the doorway to enter a
shabby hallway with a single light bulb dangling from a broken fixture.  Andy had a death
grip on my hand and her eyes were alive with fun and desire.  The desk clerk, who may
have been a throw back to the Neanderthal age, eyed us suspiciously before giving me
the key.  Reluctantly, he gave me one clean sheet when I demanded it. 

"Ready?" I said to Andy.

"No pay, no play, buster," she replied, holding out her hand, a slutty grin on her face.   I
gave her my Visa Gold and dragged her towards the stairs. 

As we walked down the hall to our room, we could hear the moans of sex coming from
the rooms we passed.  The place reeked of sex and decay.  The room itself contained
one bed and one chair. I threw the clean sheet on the bed as Andy stripped. We could
hear a couple in the next room going at it, their bed squeaking, the woman moaning as
she acted out her part. 

I commanded myself to stay hard and not ejaculate as I knee walked between her open
and raised legs. 

As you remember, Andy is a screamer.  Uncle Bert had not programmed that.  In fact, he
had given her specific commands which kept her quiet when she was orgasming since
Andy's screams could take the paint off the walls.   I gave her no command of silence. In
fact, I said, "Now, my sweet little whore, I want to hear you scream."

She laughed as she wrapped those delightful legs around me and pulled me into her. 

"I don't think I can even sit up," Andy moaned.  She was exhausted as was I. We were
drenched in our own sweat, smelled of sex and had fucked ourselves to the edge of
unconsciousness.  We struggled to our feet and dressed. As she started to put on her
panties, I stopped her, extending my hand for her to give me the panties.  She turned a
beet red.

"Davy, I am full of your spunk.  It will run down my leg.  Anyway, this skirt is so short . . .  
You want me that way, don't you?"

"Yes."

"Okay. For you."

Shyly, she handed me her panties. I stuck them in my pocket so the end was hanging out
and visible.   As we left the room, the place was deathly quiet.  The lobby, empty when
we arrived, was full.  As Andy walked in, people started to applaud. "Never heard a
woman scream like before," one hooker said.  Andy had screamed like a banshee. 
Everyone is the place knew she had been fucked.  Now, they watched in awe of her
sexuality when we left.  I could see Rebecca's effect in Andy.  She walked like a queen
going towards her throne. 

Our two weeks in San Francisco was over and it had been almost six months since Uncle
Bert died. It was getting near Christmas.  I called my bank, transferred money to San
Francisco and bought a new Jaguar convertible. I was going to like being rich. The Jag
had a powerful eight cylinders and was a pleasure to drive.  

Andy and I took a leisurely drive down the Pacific Coast Highway to LA., stopping at all
the romantic places to romance. Having a loving, happy woman on his arm is the
greatest pleasure a man can have in life.  Andy was all I, or any man, could ever want. 
That knowledge made me reconsider the whole damn treasure hunt, but, only for a
moment.

Andy had never seen the sights - Pebble Beach, Monterey, Big Sur, Morro Bay. - so she
marveled at what I have always believed is one of the most beautiful places in the world.

When we arrived in LA, my parents were glad to see us. I knew immediately my
relationship with them had changed forever.  It was very strange at first visiting with
Charles, the man I thought was my father but I now knew not to be my biological father
although he had raised me as his son. Too complex. I just continued calling him Dad. 
And Mom. I still could not imagine her naked and hot under Uncle Bert.  I wished my
sisters were in town. Since hearing Uncle Bert had fucked all three of them, I knew I
would see them in a new way, too.

Mom knew Andy was my special woman, but, after dinner that first night, she said, "Lisa
called. She would like to see you." Andy showed no response but she had been
programmed not to be jealous.

"Lisa? What did she say?" I asked innocently.  

"She said she missed you and wanted to see you," Mom replied.  

When Mom left to go in the kitchen, Andy knelt between my legs. "Who is Lisa,
sweetheart?" she asked.  

"I thought you were not jealous, Andy. What's up?"  

"Davy, I am not jealous. But, I do love you and I do not want to be left for another woman." 

I kissed her full lips. "I will never leave you. Whether I marry you or not, you will be
woman number one in my life."  She smiled, genuinely happy.  

"That is all I need," she whispered as she kissed me hotly. She sat back, butt to heels
and gazed up at me. 

"I know you will have sex with any other woman any time you want. I will never be
jealous. In fact, I will help seduce them, or I will participate or watch. I know men need
many woman while a woman can be happy with just one man.  I understand the
difference between men and women," she said smugly, thinking it was all her idea. 

I just smiled, wondering what her reaction would have been if Uncle Bert had not
programmed her. My guess was she would have scratched my eyes out by now, if she
was that gentle.

"I'll get it," Mother yelled, going to the door. 

In a flash, Lisa was in the room. She froze and stared at the beautiful blonde kneeling
between my legs. 

"Hi, Lisa," I said, rising to greet her. I leaned to give her a kiss on the cheek. She grabbed
my head and kissed me hard on the mouth but I could tell she was angry  But, then, Lisa
had always had a tendency to be a bitch which is why I dropped her.  

"Hello, David," she said with a cloying sweetness.  "Who is this?" 

I introduced the two ladies. They were opposites in many ways. Andy was blonde, blue
eyed, hourglass figure, sweet, subservient, with a warm bubbling personality. Lisa had
cold black hair, emerald eyes, with a slim, muscular athlete's body. She was bitchy,
controlling and warm as a dead snake.  They were both female, beautiful and intelligent.
There were no other commonalties. 

Mom and Dad joined us. We visited for about an hour, catching up on old times. Andy
and Lisa left the room together, going back in my bedroom for "girl talk", Andy said.
When Mom and Dad went to bed, I went to pop some corn and get sodas from the
kitchen.  When I returned, Lisa and Andy were on the couch, knees touching, talking
quietly and intently.  Lisa blushed and ran towards the bathroom when she saw me.
Andy helped me bring in the refreshments.

"Do you want her?" she asked. 

Did I want Lisa? My former girlfriend.  "Why?" I asked.

"I think we can seduce her.  In fact, I think she can be broken and made submissive to
you. Like a slave, a real slave, not programmed like a kitten.  Do you want her?"

Do you think this is a bit strange?  My lover, the woman I promised to marry just a few
nights ago, was offering to help me seduce and capture my former girlfriend, take her as
a slave. The idea was appealing to me. Lisa always did make my motor run even if she
was a bitch.  

Then, I thought about Mary, who I really had not used effectively, and about Mistress
Diana, the Amazon dominatrix in New York, who I knew was my kitten (as the
programmed women were called by Uncle Bert). I did not even have time to fuck Diana
but twice in the two weeks we were in New York. (Sorry. Forget to tell you about that.  Let
your imagination fill you in what I did with a six-three sex goddess with her own
dungeon.) 

I was very intrigued by the idea of having Lisa but I had plenty of women.  The way I
calculated it, Uncle Bert had programmed 3,000 of them and I had met three.  Mind
boggling!  I surprised myself with my answer but I wanted to find that formula.  Honestly, I
was not man enough to fuck 3,000 women in the next year, let alone 3,001. 

"No, Andy.  I do not want Lisa."

"All right. Just asking," she replied, sticking a handful of popcorn in her mouth. She
kissed me lightly on the lips, letting me taste the butter and salt.  "I wonder if buttered
cock is as good as buttered popcorn," she murmured. 

Lisa rejoined us and we small talked for a few minutes. I could tell Lisa was trying to build
her courage to take the conversation in a new direction.  Andy give me a questioning
look. 

"No," I mouthed to her. "Please," she mouthed back.  What was going on here?  If Andy
was programmed to obey my orders, why was she continuing to want me to pursue Lisa
after I said no.  It did not make sense.  Or, maybe, it did. And, Andy had said she knew
she was programmed.  That was the first time she had indicated that, although Mary had
discussed it openly. Damn! I wish I knew how the programming worked.

I excused myself and went to my room.  I called Mary, explained the situation and asked
for input. "Both Andy and I are programmed to find other women for you, Davy. I have
identified several here since you left."  

"But, I told her no, Mary. Why is she continuing to pursue it?"  

"She did not believe you.  Did you really mean no?"   

Did I mean no?  Hell, I did not know what I meant.  "I am not sure," I said as Mary waited
patiently on the other end of the phone. 

"This is the first woman Andy had tried to get for you.  I am sure it is very important to
her. Perhaps, if you are not sure, she should let Andy do it,  just as encouragement for
her."

That made sense, crazy, sexy sense.  It occurred to me as I thought that my cock was
hard.  That cock had wanted to make my decisions for me ever since I was thirteen.  I let
him make this one.   When I returned, Andy looked questioningly at me. I gave her the
thumbs up. She grinned knowingly.  

Lisa let out a long sigh. She was going to ask her question if it killed her. 

"So, what are you guys? Boyfriend and girlfriend? Engaged? What?"  

Andy looked at her with a soft expression.  "We are master and kitten. He is my master. I
am his kitten which is what he calls his slaves, his sex slaves.  I obey his every
command." 

I could see Lisa quiver as beads of sweat broke out on her upper lip. 

"I don't believe you," Lisa croaked. 

"Oh, it's true. In the last month, all at his command, I have dressed as a whore, picked up
a guy on the street and fucked him in a cheap hotel.  I dressed as a call girl and fucked a
guy in an expensive hotel."  Andy did not mention the guy was me in both cases.

Andy leaned towards Lisa as if sharing a conspiracy. 

"Here is the part you will really love, Lisa.  I was bound and blindfolded, wearing only a
collar, a G-string and thigh high boots with six inch heels.  My body was oiled."  Andy
shivered for effect.  "I can still feel his hands putting the scented oil on me.  He led me by
a leash to a party.  There he tied me to a discipline horse.  About three hundred people
were watching as I screamed, begging him to fuck me in the ass, which he did, long and
hard." 

Lisa groaned.  Andy winked at me.  

"Wouldn't you love that, Lisa?  Don't you want to have his collar around your neck? To
obey his every command?"  

"NO," Lisa gasped.  

"No? That surprises me, Lisa.  Bondage, slavery is so absolutely delicious for a woman.
It is unbelievably sexy to have no shame, no guilt, no remorse or responsibility.  You do
not have to worry 'shall I do that' or 'what would my mother say'. Your only thought is:
'follow my master's commands and enjoy the sex'."  

Lisa was so sexually aroused at this point I thought she would pop. 

"You are a liar!" she snapped at Andy.  

"Apologize!"  I barked at her.

Lisa seemed dazed as she looked at me.  

"You heard me, Lisa. Apologize or I will pull your panties down and spank your bare
bottom until you will not be able to sit down!"  

"David, you have never spoken to me like that before," she replied, her voice small and
submissive. 

"Apologize now, Lisa!"  

"Lisa," Andy snapped, drawing attention.  "Don't apologize. Make him spank you!"  

"He won't spank me," Lisa said, her voice betraying her words.

"Oh, yes, he will.  And, the heat of his hard hand on your soft ass will send electrical
charges right to your pussy. You will love it, Lisa. Make him spank you!" 

Tears of frustration fell down Lisa's cheeks.  Her eyes flickered between Andy and me as
she tried to decide what to do.  Andy slipped to the floor in front of her, her hands on
Lisa's knees.  As she gently pushed, Lisa's knees opened wide. 

"Make him spank you!  You know that is what you want!" 

Lisa was red faced as she said, "I will not apologize."  

I stood and she flinched, pulling away in fear.  I walked into the bedroom. 

I heard Andy say, "Oh, no, he is angrier than I thought. Follow me! You must please him!" 

As I went into the bathroom, Andy was saying, "Hurry! Strip! Then, follow my lead!"  

When I returned, Andy and Lisa were naked and kneeling on the floor the way Mistress
Diana had taught Andy: ankles crossed, butt to heels, knees spread, back straight, eyes
down turned, hands on thighs with palms up. 

If you think this did not excite me, you are crazy.  

"Master, forgive me," Andy pleaded. "Don't make her suffer because of me. Spank her,
please, master!"   

I glared at Lisa. "Do you wish to be spanked?"  

She nodded, confusion, desire and bewilderment all evident in her face.  

"Don't nod! Beg! Be specific!"  

"M.. m.. master, please spank me!"  

To be continued . . . 

Please! Give me your comments. 