"Why are the celebrants celibate?"

"I asked Logue the same question. He couldn't think of a reason." Bertie smiled at her as Elizabeth brushed a chocolate covered hazelnut over his lower lip. The chocolate was melting and left a dark smear like lipstick across his mouth. She licked it off, her tongue encountering his, also sweet.

"Did you tell him it was an odd sort of tongue twister? Doesn't he know one with 'fuck' in it?" Bertie's eyes went wide, his nostrils flared, and his hands gripped her bum more tightly. If she had known vulgarity of this sort would please him so much, she would have indulged in it earlier in their marriage. "Did you tell him how you'd mangled his healthy heather?"

"I did, actually. He found it amusing." One of Bertie's hands shot out, catching Elizabeth's wrist, bringing her chocolate-covered fingers to his mouth. He licked one, then lowered his mouth over it and sucked. The sensation and his half-lidded expression of pleasure sent equal jolts of heat into her lower body. Melted chocolate had already dripped on the pillow. She could only imagine what the maids would whisper about it in the morning.

Bertie's head bobbed, sliding his lips up and down her finger, and she caught her breath. Was he making a request of her? From the gossip within her family, not even proper mistresses did that for their lovers, only prostitutes or women like David's latest adulteress. In all likelihood, Bertie had been with such women -- he'd had some experience before they had married -- and she knew that Bertie would not judge her appetites if she wished to try it, but she was fairly certain she would never want to do that with her own mouth. Her throat tightened unpleasantly just thinking about it.

Watching Bertie, however, Elizabeth saw no hint of suggestiveness on his face. His eyes were fully closed now, all his concentration on sucking her finger, which he seemed to find as enjoyable as she did. Perhaps it was another exercise. "Did Logue tell you to do this?"

Her husband's eyes flew open as his head dropped back. "With the chocolates? No, of course not." His cheeks had turned pink. Perhaps he'd realized what it had looked like he was doing when he sucked her finger.

Elizabeth was sorry she had interrupted him. The hazelnut had slid out of her palm, leaving a sticky trail. She picked another one from the bowl. "I thought perhaps it was the same principle as the marbles -- to try to talk when there's something in your mouth."

"Not everything I want to do is a speech exercise." Bertie smiled as her hand moved back to his lips, using his tongue to steal the hazelnut from between her fingers, then licking away the chocolate that had dripped onto her wrist.

Of course, it had been ridiculous to think that Logue would have asked him to do such a thing. When Elizabeth tried to picture Logue demonstrating it, she only succeeded in making herself blush. "We've hardly exercised at all this evening," she reminded Bertie.

"Pass me another. I'd thought of a different way to exercise my tongue." He reached to take the new hazelnut from her, sliding the sweet along her thigh, leaving a trail of chocolate behind. His mouth slid down her body. "You don't think Lionel would object if I alternated tongue twisters, do you?"

As she moved her legs apart for her husband, Elizabeth was still picturing his mouth on her finger and wondering what he'd been thinking as he sucked it. Bertie always said Logue's name with such passion. "You'd know better than I would," she said. "You're the one who's in love with him."

Bertie sputtered -- not stammered, there was a difference. He jerked his head up. "I most certainly am not." He shook his head, his fingers longer teasing her. The hazelnut fell to the bed in a puddle of melting chocolate.

"You can't stop talking about him even in bed with me." Although Bertie tried to return her smile, his entire demeanor had changed. Clearly, Elizabeth had touched a nerve. "It's all right, sweetheart -- I don't mind. You really are speaking much better, and it isn't as if I haven't been enjoying all these exercises."

"He helps me. You know that. I have to k-keep doing the exercises, or I c-c-c-"

Instantly Elizabeth felt contrite. "I know that, darling," she soothed, putting a hand on Bertie's face. She could feel the tension in his jaw. "You know I enjoy them. And, don't tell Mr Logue I said so, but I am rather fond of the man. He's good for you. He makes you happy, which makes me happy."

She pushed a chocolate into his mouth before he could reply. They both needed a moment. Her heart was racing as it had been since she'd allowed herself to picture Bertie sucking Lionel Logue's finger. If Logue had wanted to, Elizabeth had no doubt that he could have persuaded Bertie to do it. There wasn't much that Bertie wouldn't do for Lionel, especially after that ridiculous man had given her husband a model airplane kit as a birthday gift. She wasn't meant to know that Bertie had it in his desk drawer.

Bertie had relaxed again, swallowing the chocolate, and Elizabeth leaned down to kiss him. His sticky fingers moved to cup her breast. Whatever experiences he might have had before their marriage, Elizabeth was certain that he'd been faithful to her since. Not only that, but that apart from herself and their girls, he had no confidants, no one to whom he had ever unburdened himself apart from Lionel Logue. There were secrets he might never confess to his wife and would certainly never give out to his brothers.

"Bertie," she began uncertainly.

"Yes, darling?" His mouth was following his hand, kissing down her body, yet she couldn't get the image of him sucking her finger out of her mind.

"I really don't mind." He nodded, probably thinking she meant about the tongue twisters and the exercises, and she felt compelled to continue. "If you ever needed to -- well, to do exercises with him that you can't do with me -- "

His head lifted, staring at her, and for a terrifying moment, she thought she'd said precisely the wrong thing. Made him think that she doubted his strength or his reserve or God forbid, that he was as much a man as his father. Then he dove on top of her, kissing her hard, his weight pressing her thighs apart, and she knew she'd been right after all.