Ayanaa's Promise by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2015

Story codes: Mgg(8), handjob

Summary: Ayanna and her best friend Trisha want to get some ice cream. Along the way they meet a man who has something he wants to show them.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH


=================





Mama!" Ayanna's best friend, Trisha, pleaded. "The ice cream truck! The ice cream truck!"

"OK," her mama answered, "hold your horses, one second."

"Hurry! He's already been there for like an hour!"

Trisha's mama shook her head and smiled, then took her wallet out of her purse and handed her daughter a five dollar bill.

"Thanks Mama!" Trisha said.

"Thanks Mrs. Freeman!" Ayanna said, too, and the two girls ran up the hill from the beach to the parking lot where the ice cream truck was sitting and playing its silly music, "ding, ding, diiing, ding," to the tune of "Daisy, Daisy."

But right as they got to the top of the hill the silly music stopped and the truck started driving down the road. At first the two eight year olds ran after it but then they stopped running 'cause it was hard to run in their flip-flops and anyway they knew it was gone. They missed it. They stood there for awhile, dejected, watching it drive away, thinking about all the ice cream they could have gotten for five whole dollars, and then they turned to go back down to the beach.

"Wait!" Trisha said, when they got about half-way back down to the beach. "Listen!" They could hear the silly music of the ice cream truck again, off in the distance. "He stopped again! Down the road somewhere! Come on!"

And so the two girls started hurrying down the path by the lake, as fast as they could go in their flip-flops. Ayanna didn't think this was going to work, she figured the truck would only stop for a little while and they would never make it, but she really wanted some ice cream! So she hurried along beside Trisha. It was a hot day and even though she was only wearing her bikini swimming suit, she started feeling really warm, they were walking so fast!

Once they got a ways away from the beach, the path went into the woods a bit, and after walking fast for a few more minutes they heard the distant music of the ice cream truck stop again, and they knew they weren't going to make it, so they finally slowed down.

"We missed it," Trisha said disappointingly.

"Yeah," Ayanna said. The both stopped and began to turn, dejected again, to go back to the beach. Right where they stopped was a little parking lot in the woods, where people park their cars to go down to the lake to go fishing, and sure 'nuff, there was a pick-up truck there and there was a man sitting in it. He rolled down the passenger window when he saw the two girls. 

"Hey there sweeties!" he called out to them. "What're you two up to?" 

"We were goin' to get us some ice cream," Ayanna answered, "but the truck left."

Trisha like whispered, to Ayanna, "You're not supposed to talk to strangers!"

"Ice cream, huh?" the man said. "I love ice cream!" 

"Us too!" Ayanna said right back, totally ignoring her fraidycat friend. 

"Hey sweethearts, why don't you come over here?" the man said through his open window. "I got something I wanna show you."

Ayanna started walking to his truck, but Trisha grabbed Ananna's arm to stop her. Even though Ayanna knew Trisha was right, she knew she shouldn't just go walking up to an old guy's truck like this, she shook her arm free from her friend's hand and just kept on walking. The guy looked really nice, after all, sort of like her uncle, kind of, only this guy was white. Besides, Ayanna was a curious girl and she really wanted to see what he was gonna to show them. So she walked up to the open passenger window, with fraidycat Trish following behind her, even though she was still hesitating. Ayanna looked in the window, and that's when she realized the guy didn't have any pants on!

"Do you like what you see, little girls?" he asked. He was lifting his shirt a bit with one hand, and he was holding his penis up with his other hand! Ayanna was only eight but she knew enough to know that the man had an erection!

"Ewww! Gross!" she heard Trisha say from behind her. And she totally agreed with Trisha. It was gross! But she couldn't help looking. His penis was so big and weird! She noticed he was wearing hip waders, like he was going fishing, but he had pulled his shorts off, and his underwear too, and they were lying at his feet on the floor of his truck. 

"Do you want to touch it?" he asked, looking right at Ayanna. He had pretty blue eyes and they were all twinkly and he was smiling. 

"Ewww! Nooo!" Trisha said. But Ayanna didn't say anything. She just stood and stared at his big erect penis. 

"Come on, sweeties," he said. "Climb in!" He reached over and opened the door. Ayanna hesitated, still staring. "Come on," he said, "l won't hurt you. I'll show you what to do."

Ayanna could tell he wouldn't hurt them. He seemed like a nice man. He seemed like he was probably somebody's daddy! He had a nice smile and he was reaching his hand out to her, and his pretty eyes were twinkling. She sorta did want to touch it, in a weird way. She was a very curious girl! And she sorta did want him to show her what to do. So she reached out and took his hand and stepped up into his truck

"Ayannaaaa!" she heard Trisha say behind her as she climbed into the truck.

"It'll be OK," she said over her shoulder to her fraidycat friend as the man pulled her up into his truck. "He's a nice man, right?" she said as she turned and looked him in his face. 

"That's right," he answered. "A nice man. Just a nice man who needs a little help from a couple pretty girls." He was smiling and his eyes were shining. Ayanna liked it that he called them pretty. 

"Come on, Trisha!" she said as she slid over into the middle of the seat, right next to the man. "It'll be OK!" The man reached around Ayanna's back and offered his hand to Trisha to give her a boost into the truck. 

"Ayannaaaa!" Trisha said again. But she took the man's hand and climbed in anyway. Once she was in the truck, he leaned over and shut the door. When he sat back, he still had his arm around Ayanna and he put his hand on her shoulder and pulled her a little closer to him. 

"Touch it," he said to her. He was still sort of holding his big erection with his left hand, like around the bottom of it, and he pointed it towards Ayanna. She just stared at his penis for a second, then reached her little hand out to it.

When her fingers touched it, she couldn't believe how warm it was, and how hard it was! It made her feel so excited to touch it! 

"What's your name, little girl?" he asked her while she ran her fingers up and down his big erection. 

"Ayanna," she answered. 

"What a beautiful name," he said. "You're very beautiful, Ayanna. You remind me of my daughter." Ayanna felt happy that he thought she was beautiful, and even happier to know that he really was someone's daddy and that she reminded him of his daughter. "She calls me 'Poppy,'" he said. "Will you call me Poppy, Ayanna?"

The little girl nodded, still staring at his erection and still running her fingers up and down it. 

"Good," he said softly. "I'd like it if you call me that." She felt his hand on her shoulder slip down her back and under her arm. "Do you like my cock, Ayanna?"

She nodded, still running her fingers over it. "Uh huh."

"Call me Poppy. Tell your poppy that you like it."

"I like..." she stammered a little. She was sort of nervous. "I like your cock, Poppy."

"Good!" he said. "I'm glad you like it!" She felt his hand moving around from under her arm, to her front. At first she thought he was just trying to hug her. It didn't occur to her at first that he was feeling her up. 

"Make a little fist around my cock now Ayanna," he said softly. "And pump on it." She wrapped her fingers around his erection. It was so thick! And so hard! She started pumping her little fist up and down, just like Poppy told her to. It was so weird how loose the skin was, even though it was so hard! And then she realized what he was doing with his hand on her front, too. He'd slipped it up under the top of her swimming suit and his fingers were touching her nipple!

"That's a good girl," he said as she pumped her fist. "You're a good girl, aren't you, Ayanna?"

"Uh huh!" she said. "I'm a good girl, Poppy!" She thought it was fun to talk to him like this while he felt her nipple and she pumped her fist on his cock. 

"What about you, Trisha, are you a good girl?" He was looking over at her friend. Ayanna had totally forgotten about Trisha! "Do you want a turn?" She was sure that Trisha would say "no," so she was amazed when her friend leaned over and reached her hand out. Ayanna didn't want to let go of the man's cock, so the two of them both made little fists around it and pumped on it together. 

"Oh sweeties!" the man whispered, all breathless. "Oh you sweet little girls! You wanna make Poppy cum?" He slipped his hand out of Ayanna's swimming suit top and she felt him reaching over further, to Trisha, and she knew he was feeling her up now. Ayanna didn't really know what it meant to make him cum. She'd heard boys at school use that word but she didn't really know what it meant. But if it made Poppy happy and made him think she was a good girl, then, Yes! She wanted to make Poppy cum!

"Oh you naughty girls!" he whisper-shouted. "Poppy's gonna cum!"

All the sudden Ayanna felt his cock lurch in her hand. It like got all thicker and harder, and it made this sort of throbbing feeling and right then Poppy moaned, he said a really naughty word that grownups aren't ever supposed to say around little girls, "Fuuuuccckkk!" And all of the sudden some stuff shot out of his penis! Up into the air! It fell down onto her and Trisha's hands and Trisha pulled her hand away in surprise, but Ayanna didn't. She kept pumping her little fist on Poppy's cock as she felt it swell up again and more stuff came out and shot up in the air and fell down on her hand. 

"Oh Ayanna!" he said as the stuff kept coming out of his cock and shooting into the air. "You're such a good girl!" 

It was a big mess! The stuff was all over Ayanna's hand, and it was all over Poppy's cock, too, and in the hair around his cock and even some on his shirt! It got all over the place! It was really warm and thick and when Poppy was all done shooting the stuff, Ayanna took her hand away from his cock and lifted it up so she could look closer at the stuff that came out of him. She's a curious girl you know!

"That's my cum," he said to her. "You sweet little girls made me cum!" Ayanna was really happy that they made Poppy cum. He reached over to her hand, and lifted it up to her face. "Taste it, little one," he said. 

She licked a little bit of his stuff off her hand. It tasted weird. She licked a little more. It was warm and sort of salty. She'd never really tasted anything like it before. She noticed that Trisha licked a little off her hand, too.

"You better run along now girls," Poppy said, "before your parents wonder where you are." 

Ayanna nodded at him. Trisha wiped her hand on the seat, and then opened the door and climbed out. Ayanna didn't wipe her hand off, though. Nah-uh! She licked it some more instead! And while she licked, he reached a hand out and touched her cheek. "You're so beautiful, Ayanna. You're a little angel! You're my little Black angel, aren't you?" 

She smiled. She really liked Poppy. She liked it, that he thought she was his little Black angel. "I am, Poppy," she said. "I'm your little angel."

"Will you come back again, little angel?" he asked her. "I'll come here every day to look for you, if you promise to come back."

Ayanna nodded. "I promise." And then she climbed out of the pickup truck and scampered after Trisha.



[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com  Thanks!]

