"Snape?"

"Hmm?"

Harry was mesmerized watching Snape rub the flannel up and down over his scrawny torso. It was fascinating and irritating at the same time. Each downward stroke stopped just short of touching Snape's cock, which was now poking up out of the water like some strange one-eyed sea monster. Each upward stroke passed between the two taut nipples on the Potions master's chest and then around each in turn, without ever actually touching them. Was Snape trying to make himself crazy, or was he intent on driving Harry mad?

"Are you my bitch?"

Snape shuddered and a look of distaste flittered briefly over his features but he merely replied in an even tone, "If that's what you want, Sir."

"So where does tossing one off at the wrist fall on the "against the grain" scale? 'Ode to a Beauteous Weasley' or 'Whatever Harry Wants, Harry Gets'?"

"You're quite enjoying this, aren't you, Sir?"

"Aren't you?"

"Public wanking has never been high on my list of preferred pastimes, Sir."

"But?"

"But, apparently," Snape looked mournfully at his erect cock which was swaying slightly in the eddying current of the tub, "I am not so opposed to it as I might have previously thought."

"Good. Touch yourself for me, bitch."

Snape shuddered again but dropped the flannel into the water and curled his long fingers around his thick cock.

"Lean back and close your eyes."

The older man did as ordered, his hand still wrapped firmly around his cock but not moving.

"Talk to me."

Snape's eyes snapped open and he looked at Harry in dismay. "Surely you don't expect…"

"Yes, I do. I said close your eyes."

Heavy lids closed over black eyes but somehow Harry knew that behind them, Snape was glaring.

"Good man. Now, stroke yourself. Slowly. And tell me what you're thinking of while you do it."

"Shower room after Quidditch." Snape's voice was almost inaudible.

"Speak up, or I'll make you use Sonorous and everybody in the neighbourhood will get to listen."

"If there is anybody in the neighbourhood. Have you figured out where we are yet, Sir?"

"You're fighting the potion, aren't you? I won't have it, Severus. I've waited too long for an opportunity like this. Wank. Talk. Come. That's an order."

"Lucius," Snape murmured.

"Very funny."

Snape smirked.

"I watched you in the showers. A room full of sweaty, healthy young men. Cocks erect from the excitement of the match."

"Me! Talk about me, you exasperating git!"

"Sweaty, healthy, muscular young men, and one skinny, knobbly-kneed little boy."

"Oy, I'm not that skinny!"

Snape opened one eye and arched an eyebrow over it. "But you were, Sir."

"Oh." Harry blushed. "You…I…since I was…"

"Yes, Mr Potter, since you were… as you so delicately put it."

Harry squirmed in his half of the tub. He closed his own eyes and waved a hand vaguely at his professor. "That's rather…well, don't let me interrupt." His hand dropped with a splash into the water and disappeared under the bubbles.

"I thought the point of this was so you could watch me, Sir."

Harry opened his eyes. "Right. You know, if you had your own eyes closed, as they're supposed to be, you wouldn't know whether I was watching or not."

Snape closed his own eyes again, and relaxed his neck against the edge of the tub.

"Smooth, hairless chest. Tiny little nipples, surprisingly dark against your very fair skin. I was surprised at the temptation of them. Surprised at my desire to step into the shower with you. I almost didn't care that there were two Quidditch sides as witnesses."

"Guh," Harry choked.

"I just stood there, unable to move, unwilling to leave. I watched you, feigning boredom, feigning impatience with you all. I watched you lather yourself up."

Snape knelt up in the tub, fully exposing his cock and balls to Harry's appreciative gaze. He reached for a bar of soap and worked up a good head of lather between his hands. One soapy hand returned to the base of his cock and he slowly slid the hand upward over the long shaft, tightening his grip as he neared the top and pushing his foreskin over the dark crown. His other soapy hand stroked gently over his chest.

"I wanted to be under that hard spray of water with you, taking your beautiful little cock into my mouth."

Harry blushed scarlet, but Snape, his eyes still obediently closed, didn't see.

"I wanted to hex the Weasley twins, Oliver Wood, for daring to be in the shower with you, for daring to look at you."

Snape's hand was working faster over his cock, becoming a blur as he stroked and pulled and twisted it. Harry's tongue peeked out from between his lips, his breath becoming as ragged as Snape's as he watched his former teacher touching himself. His eyes flickered back and forth between the hand pumping that beautiful cock and the hand plucking and twisting at a swollen nipple.

"I touched myself then. In the locker rooms. With all the Gryffindor team there. My hand hidden in my robes as I imagined your taste in my mouth. I could have taken both your balls in at once. I could have cupped the whole tiny package in one hand, rubbing, tormenting, while my other hand slipped between the cheeks of your arse."

Snape gasped as Harry stretched out a leg and insinuated his toes behind Snape's balls and between his cheeks. His hand worked even faster on his prick, no gentleness at all now, just a harsh grip and punishing strokes.

"You'd taken your glasses off, of course, to go into the showers, and your eyes were so large and green. I thought I could drown in them if you looked at me. But you didn't. You didn't look at me at all, your greasy git of a Potions master. But I looked at you, watched you laugh, watched your eyes get even bigger as one of the Weasley twins - I never knew which one - started wanking himself off in the shower. I watched your little cock stiffen. I watched you get red in the face. I could tell you didn't know where to look, both fascinated and embarrassed."

Both Harry and Snape were breathing in short sharp gasps now. Harry fought to keep his hands off his own cock, fought to keep his eyes open and on Snape's hands.

"Your eyes went everywhere but there. You looked at the other boys to see how they were responding. My own hand was working furiously under my robes as I watched your arousal and your embarrassment. Oh…FUCK… Harry…"

Snape's tongue snaked out of his mouth and worried his full lower lip as he fought to regain his ability to speak.

"You…looked…oh God…you looked right…at…me…I knew…you…couldn't see…me. Oh fuck, Harry…you were so young…so hard…no glasses…blind…"

Snape's whole body arched and his cock pulsed several thick spurts of cream straight up in the air. Harry watched, rapt, as they arced above the tub before splashing down into the water and splattering across Snape's chest.

The younger man flung himself against the older, tongue searching for, and finding, the thick dollops of spunk on the sparsely haired chest. "So much for not wanting to wank publicly. You filthy old perv."

"Mmmm. Yes, Sir. Still, it was one of the best orgasms of my life."