The Nude Beach with Erika
by Emi Tsuruta

Part way through the summer last year, I got an email from Erika, my Japanese American friend from Hawaii.  She and her hula dance troupe were coming to Los Angeles again for their yearly dance festival.  I'd gone to L. A.  to see them a couple of times, but this time, I invited her to come down to Oceanview where I was staying.  She wrote back saying she'd come with Kaila and two other dancers.  I booked a couple of rooms in Satomi's dorm for them.  I was really looking forward to seeing Erika and them again. I have a lot of fond memories from Hawaii. 

Friday night, I went to the train station to pick them up.  Erika and Kaila had brought Keanu and Hale, two of the male dancers from their troupe. I don't think anyone was dating anyone, but they were good friends, and I'd met them last time too.  Keanu and Hale are pretty brassy compared to Japanese guys at least, but they seem nice enough.  I gave each of them a hug, thanking them for coming. 

When we got to Satomi's dorm, the clerk took us down to our rooms, one for Erika, Kaila and me and another for the guys.  I went upstairs, and got Satomi, who was holed up in her room studying.  She'd met them the summer before when we went down to L.  A.  We sat around catching up, and planning out what we were going to do.  There's not much to see in Oceanview, but Satomi suggested I take them on a tour of the university. 

"And maybe we could go to the beach," I added.  Oceanview has a whole bunch of textile beaches and one nude beach at the bottom of the cliffs right near campus.  I'd already told Erika and Kaila about it when we were in Malibu.  Kaila had been to a nude beach before, but Erika hadn't.  I didn't know what to do with the guys though.  They seemed game for anything, but actually I'd never been with guys before, just with Satomi. Anyway, maybe we could just go check it out, and see what they think. 

We chatted a bit more, but it was getting late, so eventually, I chased the guys out of our room.  Satomi went back up to her room as well.  Once they were gone, I changed into a yukata to get ready for bed.  Kaila changed into her p.j.'s, while Erika lay down, and was tapping away on her smartphone. 

"I'm going to go have a shower," I told them.  "Coming?" 

"Yeah, sure," Kaila smiled, getting out a towel and stuff.  Erika motioned for us to go on ahead. 

There are no bathrooms in the dorm rooms, so we had to use the communal washrooms upstairs.  The weird thing about those was that in this dorm at least, they are co-ed, for both girls and boys.  I found that really strange at first.  I knew that Erika and them shared a change room with the guys in their hula hall in Hawaii, so I guess they are used to that kind of thing. 

Up in the washroom, I stripped off my yukata, got in the shower, and pulled the shower curtain closed.  Kaila just started washing her face at the sinks. 

"Do you remember I told you about the nude beach?" I called out, over the noise of the shower.  "I was thinking maybe we could check it out tomorrow." 

"You're kidding." 

"No, no.  It'll be fun, I swear." 

Kaila laughed, but before I could ask what she thought, I heard someone come in. 

"Oh, imagine bumping into you here," I heard Hale joke.  It sounded like Keanu was there too.  The shower curtain wasn't see through, thank goodness, but they could doubtless hear the sound of the shower.  A bit worried, I shut off the water, and reached for my towel. 

"Cute pj's," Hale teased Kaila.  Keanu had come right down to the entrance to the showers, and called in, 

"Who's in there?  Erika?" 

I quickly wiped the water from my eyes.  I was so worried he might peek in, and see me naked. 

"No, no, it's me, Emi," I finally answered.  He didn't say anything.  I think he must have been trying to peek.  I heard Kaila give out a little yelp.  I lowered my towel, waiting, waiting...  until finally I heard someone brushing their teeth. 

"Tomorrow should be fun," Keanu said.  It was hard to know what was going on, but it looked like they weren't going to peek in at me, so I dried myself off. 

"Anyway, the two of you should get out, and give Emi some privacy," Kaila finally said chasing them away. 

"G'night Emi," they called out as they left.  I finished drying off, and pulled on my yukata.  Kaila was waiting for me just outside the door. 

"Thanks," I blushed, glad she'd been there. 

The next morning, it was absolutely beautiful weather out.  I had another shower, and got dressed in beige shorts and a white t-shirt.  Erika and Kaila just put on casual clothes too. 

I invited Satomi to come with us, but she wanted to study.  I showed Erika and them the Japanese style garden, the museum and some of the older buildings.  We stopped in the cafeteria for lunch, and then continued the tour.  I slowly led them towards the woods where the entrance to the nude beach is.  Kaila looked over at me, perhaps guessing what this was. 

"Oh there's something else I want to show you," I told them trying to keep from smiling.  I led them down the hill, and as we got closer, through the trees, you could see all these nude people lying there.  Keanu clued in right away. 

"Heyyy!" he cried out, rushing ahead to take a better look.  Erika peered through the trees, and realized that it was the nude beach.  It was mid-summer, right at the peak of the high season, so there were a lot of people there, much more than the other times I'd been there.  I began to worry, wondering if there was anyone here I knew.  Erika swatted me on the arm. 

"Emi!  This is a nude beach!" she squealed, a bit freaked out. 

"Yeah, pretty cool, huh?" 

Kaila and Hale peered around curiously.  Keanu was grinning away all excited now.  There were more women there than the other times I'd been, and some of them were nude.  Erika was trying to make out like she was scandalized. 

Hale and Keanu rushed on ahead, so we had no choice but to follow.  I noticed this one American guy staring at me.  Looking closer, I realized it was Raymond, a guy from my sociology class.  When he saw me, his eyes lit up.  I tried to avoid his gaze, but he got up, and came over.  He was naked, but had a towel slung over his shoulder.  He wasn't especially fit, but it was hard not to look at his junk.  I don't think I'd ever seen any of my male classmates naked before. 

"Hey, Emi!" he beamed, coming closer.  "What are you doing here?  I didn't know you come here." 

"I-I-I don't usually," I stammered.  "I just have some friends here from Hawaii, so I thought I'd show them." 

Raymond looked over at Erika and Kaila, and smiled, clearly taken with their looks.  Erika and Kaila are both dancers, so even with their clothes on, they look pretty sexy. 

"Do you want to join us?" he asked, pointing to his friends.  Luckily, I didn't recognize them, but they must be students from Oceanview U.  Keanu and Hale came back grimacing at Raymond.  Raymond backed off, a bit intimidated. 

"Maybe some other time," I said, walking on.  We followed Keanu down the beach.  I don't think I'd ever seen so many naked people before.  I stayed close to Erika to make sure she was OK with this. 

"Where are you supposed to get changed?" she asked. 

"Anywhere!" I laughed.  I understood how she felt.  I felt like that the first time I came here too.  I still wasn't sure what we were going to do, but the boys definitely wanted to stay.  Erika and Kaila looked a bit more hesitant, but we were here now.  We found a spot, spread out our towels, and sat down.  Some of the naked men were peering over at us.  There weren't that many girls our age here, so I guess we stood out.  Keanu and Hale ran off down the beach looking for girls I guess. 

"This is so weird, you know," Erika said to me. 

"It's no big deal," I told her, rubbing sun block on my bare legs.  I felt butterflies in my tummy, but I couldn't get up the nerve to strip just yet.  Erika and Kaila were gazing all around, a bit overwhelmed by it all. 

Eventually, the boys came back.  They looked a bit disappointed.  Maybe Erika, Kaila and I were the only young women there.  Hale suddenly noticed the beach volleyball nets. 

"Who are those for?" 

"Oh, I think those belong to the local naturist association," I told him. 

"Can we use them?" 

"I don't think so." 

"Really?  Can't you ask?" 

I hadn't really had any dealings with the organizers before.  I wasn't really familiar with how all this worked.  I got up, and eventually, found a guy who seemed to be involved somehow.  He was middle-aged, stark naked, but completely at ease.  He looked down at my thigh-length t-shirt, maybe annoyed at me for being a textile. 

"Excuse me, my friends were asking if we could play volleyball," I told him hopefully. 

"Are you a member of the association?" he asked in a serious tone. 

"Um, no...  but I've been thinking about joining.  Can't we just use them?  There's no one else playing." 

"They are usually just for members...," he went on still annoyed.  He didn't say anything about my clothes, but I could tell he was wondering why I had come here if I planned to stay dressed.  I wanted to tell him that I was the one who'd dragged my friends here, and was planning to get naked if they would.  Anyway, I apologized for bothering him, and headed back to our spot. 

"Members only," I told Hale.  "Why don't we go in swimming?" 

"I have to go to the washroom," Erika piped up.  I took her and Kaila up the hill, leaving the boys to guard our stuff. 

"So what do you think?" I asked.  Erika scratched her ear, but Kaila was more positive. 

"I'm amazed it's so crowded.  I've never seen so many naked people before!" 

I smiled.  You could tell she was curious, more so than Erika. 

"Do you want to at least go in skinny-dipping?" I asked. 

"I can't believe you're serious about this!" Erika exclaimed.  "You used to be absolutely the shyest girl in the whole school." 

"That was elementary school!" 

"You've changed." 

"And you haven't?  Look at you!  You're a hula dancer for heaven's sake." 

"And what's wrong with that?  I don't dance naked." 

"Why not?" 

"I'm saving myself," Erika informed us. 

"What?  What for?" 

"For my honeymoon." 

Kaila and I looked at her.  Erika was pretending like she was all serious, but obviously she was joking.  Kaila grabbed her arms, and I tickled Erika till she broke out laughing. 

"Anyway," Erika shook her head, "it's kind of awkward with Keanu and Hale here." 

"I thought you guys use the same change room," I persisted. 

"That's different," Erika told me.  "They don't come in while we're changing." 

"Except for that one time...," Kaila broke in. 

"Anyway, it's clothing optional, right?" Erika interrupted.  "We don't have to take off our clothes if we don't want to." 

I was actually a little disappointed that Erika was being so uptight about all this.  I guess she had to work with Keanu and Hale, and would see them again, but it's not like she's the prudish type.  Maybe she's just nervous.  Anyway, they went to the washroom, and then we headed back down the hill. 

When we got back, at first I couldn't see Keanu or Hale.  I finally spotted them over by the volleyball nets.  They had stripped naked, and were trying to talk some topless women into playing with them.  It was so weird seeing Keanu and Hale with their penises out.  They had fine bodies, taut abs and round biceps.  Their penises weren't fully erect, but you could tell that they were a bit excited.  I looked over at Erika, seeing if she wanted to join them. 

We lay there for quite some time, watching the boys from a distance. They started playing volleyball with each other.  They must have been embarrassed, but no one was paying much attention to them.  I wanted to strip down too.  Kaila had this wistful look in her eyes.  I raised my eyebrows inviting her to undress with me.  She finally nodded OK. 

I undid the button on my shorts, and pulled them down.  The guys nearby didn't notice at first, but one guy further away was watching.  I hesitated for a moment worried about what he might do, but Kaila was down to her undies already.  I finally peeled off my panties.  It was such a rush getting naked with all these people around. 

Suddenly, it was like all the guys turned this way.  Like I said, I think we were the youngest girls on the beach.  Probably I was the only girl who is a student at Oceanview U.  I tried to ignore the stares though. I brushed the sand off my behind, and got out some sun block, and rubbed it into my pussy and all over my bare bottom.  You should have seen these guys' faces! 

Then someone's cell phone rang.  Erika shook her head that it wasn't hers, and then I realized it was coming from my bag.  I got up on all fours, and crawled over to fish it out.  The guys were staring at me even more now.  On the phone, it was Ryosuke. 

"What are you up to, sweetie?" 

"I'm just at the beach with some friends." 

I knew he was probably at work, so I didn't want to get him all hot and bothered for no reason.  Erika kept motioning for me to sit back down.  I did have my butt stuck up in the air in a most unladylike way.  I finally relented, and sat down.  The guys were still staring though. 

"Are you on a break?  Can you come down here?" I asked Ryosuke, gently dabbing at my hello kitty with my fingertips.  I don't know why, but I was really excited.  Erika frowned. 

"No, I have to run some errands.  I just wanted to say hi." 

Soon we hung up, and I came back to talk to Erika, who was still dressed. 

"You're crazy.  Do you know that?" she whispered. 

"What?" I replied innocently.  Kaila was still in her undies, looking around at all these guys around us.  I pulled my t-shirt off over my head stripping naked.  There was such tension in the air!  I was probably blushing by then, but I just hid my face in my hair, hoping they couldn't tell.  It did feel great to be free of my clothes. 

Kaila got up on her knees, pulling off her bra and more slowly her panties.  The guys around us were getting even more excited, sitting up to take a closer look.  The triangle of white skin around Kaila's pussy made her look positively obscene. 

We looked over at Erika, but she crossed her arms across her breasts, refusing to budge.  Kaila and I looked at each other, and then dove on top of Erika, tickling her to try to get her to relent.  This whole business of a hula dancer 'saving herself for marriage' seemed absolutely silly to me. 

"OK, OK.  Stop already," she finally said.  She pulled off her shorts, but she was wearing bikini bottoms underneath.  Kaila and I looked at her, begging her to join us.  It wouldn't be so awkward if all three of us were naked.  Erika drew it out for the longest time possible, but eventually, she pulled off her bikini bottoms as well, lying down on her front.  She was still wearing her t-shirt, but we could all see her cute little bottom. I leaned over, and whispered in her ear, 

"Come on, Erika.  Try it.  At least once.  It'll be fine." 

She sat up, and looked at me.  Keanu and Hale were still playing volleyball, but Kaila nodded for her to go ahead.  Erika finally pulled her t-shirt off, and then her bra.  She has a beautiful body.  I don't know what she's so shy about.  The guys around us seemed pretty happy. 

"Do you want to go see what the boys are doing?" I suggested, all energized now that we were all naked.  Erika bawked, and even Kaila wanted to stay put.  "If we all go together, it won't be so scary," I insisted.  I stood up, but it was definitely true that we were drawing a lot of attention.  I stood as straight as I could, arching my back, and pulling my shoulders back to accent my bust.  My pussy was tingling like you wouldn't believe.  Kaila finally got up to humor me I guess.  Erika looked doubtful, but she didn't want to be left alone here, so she came too.  She hid her face in her hair, and tried to hide behind me. 

As we set out across the sand, all these guys turned to look.  My whole body felt hot.  Unfortunately, Raymond must have spotted me because he suddenly came running up. 

"Emi, this is so great.  I didn't know you were a nudist." His penis was flopping up now, probably from seeing us.  I know you're not supposed to make a big deal if guys get an erection, but I found it awkward.  Erika clutched my arm tight, but I didn't know what to do either. 

I walked past him, heading for where Keanu and Hale were playing.  They looked positively delighted to see us naked.  Keanu and Hale hid their cocks with their hands to hide their erections.  They started dancing around, making a big deal, and went down on their knees in the sand right in front of us. 

"Oh, marry me, Emi!  Say you will," Keanu clowned.  I just stood there, giggling nervously.  Everyone on the beach was staring over at us, amused by the spectacle.  It was pretty embarrassing, but I tried to just go with it.  Kaila and Erika were counting on me, so I have to keep it together. 

"Do you want to play some volleyball?" Hale suggested.  Erika was still hiding behind me.  Curious, Keanu and Hale walked around to get a look at her.  She looked pretty embarrassed, but it was a bit late to cover up now. They noth nodded signalling their satisfaction with her assets.  Trying to change the topic, I picked up the volleyball, and held it up. 

"Just a couple short rallies," I suggested.  Erika scooted over to hide behind Kaila.  I have to admit it was unnerving to be standing out here in the open with practically the whole beach staring at us.  I thought naturists are supposed to be cool with all this, but we did seem to be attracting an awful lot of attention.  Erika didn't want to play, so I tossed the ball to one of the starers, and suggested we head back. 

When we got back to our towels, we lay down, Erika face down, and Kaila and I face up.  Keanu hovered above me, staring down at my pussy.  It was so hard not to think of sex, but I did my best.  I decided to go in for a swim to try to cool down. 

Hale followed me out, fascinated by my bare bottom.  I tried to run away, but he chased after me, catching a hold of me and pulling me into him. I could feel his erect penis between my legs.  All these people were watching though, so it wasn't like we could have sex.  I splashed water in his face, but to tell you the truth, I was awfully horny myself. 

Soon, I came back out.  Erika had gotten dressed again, and even Kaila was unfolding her clothes, a bit unnerved by all the fuss we were creating. It's too bad there weren't more girls there that day.  I felt self-conscious too, so I finally sat down, and got out my own clothes. Keanu and Hale begged us to stop, but it was all a bit much, so eventually, they gave in, and we all got dressed. 

On our way out, Raymond waved at me, as we walked past.  I began to worry that he might tell our classmates, but I guess I'd seen him here too. What happens on the beach stays on the beach? 

Erika was pretty quiet on the way back.  Hale kept cracking silly jokes trying to lighten the mood.  I felt a bit bad for Erika wondering if I'd pushed too far, but it was a day to remember. 

I took them to the station the next day.  I promised to keep in touch. Erika still talks about that day.  I think she enjoyed herself, more than she let on at the time. 

