Ferris Wheel Ride
byoutofthisworld95©

Scarlett always had many admirers. Despite being just 19, she was beautiful, had a heart of gold, and was quite smart. On the outside, she easily attracted looks from many people, those knowing her personally, and random passersby. Her skin was light, she had long, red hair, which reached as low as her wide hips. Her brown eyes usually calmly asserted the situation before making a decision. She was about 170 centimeters tall and rocked an amazing set of firm D cup boobs. She wasn't a virgin, but didn't have too much experience either, and was still quite shy. Didn't fare very well in stress situations either.

It was a hot summer day. A travelling amusement park just arrived in the city, and Scarlett decided to visit it and check out a few attractions. She was very interested in the ferris wheel, never had a ride on one and was very excited to finally give it a go. She dressed up lightly, to avoid overheating and went out. Her outfit comprised of a plain blue t-shirt, a black skirt reaching to the middle of her thighs and sandals. Under those clothes, she wore plain white underwear and bra.

Despite wearing such a casual outfit, she still attracted many looks while she went through the town and even in the amusement park. She looked around a bit, checking out different rides in the park, and finally went to the ferris wheel. It didn't take long for it to stop and she could get in one of the cars. Just one different person jumped in with her. It was a light skinned 20 year old guy, dressed in short, brown trousers, and a black t-shirt. On top of that, he wore a grey hoodie. He had green eyes and short, a bit disheveled hair. He said in front of here, on the opposite bench.

"Hi there."

He greeted Scarlett with a smile.

"Hello. What's your name?"

She asked, also smiling.

"I'm Lucas. First time on the ferris wheel?"

"Yes, actually. I'm a bit nervous."

She laughed nervously.

"It's going to be great, I'm sure."

He also laughed, but reassuringly.

The door closed and the wheel started moving. The car raised higher and higher. Scarlett looked out the window, enchanted by the gorgeous view of the town and woods around it. Their car rose to the very top and suddenly the wheel stopped.

"What? What happened?"

Scarlett looked around surprised.

Lucas looked down through the window.

"Maybe the power went out? It happens sometimes. I'm sure it'll be moving again in just a while."

"I hope so..."

The girl looked distressed, and that's exactly how she felt.

"There, there. It's going to be fine."

He moved over to her bench and sat next to her.

Suddenly the wheel shook a bit, as power returned and instantly went out again.

"Ahhh!"

She shouted, instinctively grabbing his arm. She leaned over to his side, and he could catch a glimpse of her cleavage. Even that much looked amazing.

"H-How about we do something to distract ourselves until they fix the problem?"

He suggested that, still looking at the view offered to him.

She seemed to not hear him, still looking outside in panic. He wrapped her waist with his arm and pulled her a bit closer. With the other hand, he gently stroked he thigh.

" What are you...?"

She looked at him, confused.

His hand moved a bit higher, rubbing her leg under her skirt.

"No... stop, don't do that..."

Her voice was still trembling from the stress.

But he wasn't listening. His hand went even higher, and gently rubbed her through her underwear. His other hand moved over to her breasts and started squeezing them through the fabric of the clothes.

"No, no..."

Her breathing got a bit heavier, as she tried to struggle but didn't have either strength or the willpower to do it.

He pulled up her skirt and slipped his hand into her underwear, touching her pussy directly for the first time. She let out a quiet moan, but still tried to get away and continued to mumble:

"No, no..."

His actions got more assertive as he moved his hands to undo her bra and pull it out from under her shirt. Her eyes widened as she saw him throw it on the floor and felt her breasts drop slightly. He perceived her lack of reaction as an invitation and pulled up her shirt, revealing her D cup boobs.

"No, I... give it back..."

She whispered that, looking at her discarded bra.

He had no intention of doing that though.

"You're wet already. You're enjoying this."

He said, while rubbing her pussy with his fingers again.

"N-No, I don't!"

She wasn't very convincing, as her breath got heavier and heartbeat faster.

He quickly pulled down her skirt along with the underwear and threw it on the floor, next to the bra. Aside from her shoes and shirt, which was now covering just her neck and shoulders, she was completely naked, and what a view that was. He squeezed one of her breasts and started rubbing her pussy faster. She gave in, forgetting where they were and about the entire power outage.

"Alright."

He suddenly stopped and got up.

"W-What?"

She stuttered when the pleasure suddenly ceased.

He didn't waste any time and unzipped his pants, only to pull then a bit down and show her his erect penis. He was definitvely above average in size. He took off his hoodie and placed it on the floor.

"Do you want to...?"

Her eyes widened.

"N-No, we can't do that! I don't even know you!"

"I introduced myself earlier, didn't I?"

He asked, picking her up from the bench and laying her on his hoodie. Then he spread her legs wide, positioned himself and despite her weak protests, slid his penis into her.

"Nice to meet you."

"Ah!"

She let out a gasp, just later realizing what just happened. She was about to get fucked by a complete stranger, in a public place. She felt shame, but also excitement.

He started fucking her in missionary position. Didn't have any trouble doing that, as she was already completely wet. He started squeezing her breasts again, speeding up a bit at the same time, bottoming out every time he pushed into her.

She moaned with every thrust, now just giving in to him without any fight. Suddenly, she realized something.

"W-What if the power comes back? Everyone down there will see me naked!"

Her voice was still trembling.

"Trust me, it won't come back until were done. We're going to have some fun here. Don't think about the people down there. Rather, you should think about how you gave in to a random person you've just met."

He smirked and with these words, he did a powerful thrust, bottoming out in her pussy and not pulling back.

"And you like it."

"Ahhh! I don't! I d-don't like... this..."

Her moaning got louder.

She gasped when he started moving like a piston again. She had trouble focusing her thoughts on anything, overwhelmed by pleasure. A while passed and his breath got heavier and deeper. She didn't notice it at first, but then realized what that meant.

"Wait, no! No, not inside! I'm not on birth control!"

She desperately tried to push him away, but he didn't listen, just pinned her to the ground with his body and pushed into her as far as he could, hitting her cervix. She tried to struggle for a while longer, but gave up and moaned as an orgasm hit her. Her eyes rolled back and she exhaled heavily.

"Don't... cum inside... I'll get... pregnant..."

She stuttered out, feeling a wave after wave of warm fluid flooding her insides.

He stayed inside for a while longer and then pulled out, letting his cum drip out of her. Then he adjusted his pants and pulled his phone out.

"You better get dressed fast. The wheel is going to start moving soon."

Lucas said that as he typed something on his phone.

"W-What...?"

She slowly sat up and then the wheel started moving again.

"Oh no, I have to hurry!"

She hastily started to dress up, ignoring sperm still leaking out of her pussy.

"That was fun. Let's do that again soon!"

He said with a wide smile.

She looked at him, at first shocked at what he just said. But then she replied:

"M-Maybe that's not such a bad idea..."

