Old man Reynolds was a black man who lived three doors down from us after we moved house following my relocation and the very first day we were there he appeared to help us with stuff. He was, I suppose, a little pushy but helpful so being both new to the area and without friends or family close by, it was useful.

Becky was going to be lonely those first months but she was determined to find a new job that she could get her teeth into as soon as possible and that was where old man Reynolds (Doug) helped her. He had a friend who needed some part-time assistance at a local letting agent so kindly put Becky forward.

Now this is the thing; I was busy at work in my now role which was a significant promotion but obviously meant harder work and more hours. Good pay comes at its own cost. Becky was I should say comfortable with this especially as our new house was considerably larger than we'd hoped for so early in our marriage. At twenty seven I now earned probably twice what I'd expected and with the relocation paid for we had really pushed our mortgage to the limit (well beyond in truth!) but the future was rosy.

Anyway a month after we were in, my wife started her new job; two days a week, it gave her the opportunity to immerse herself in work while allowing free time to get familiar with the new neighbourhood and the nearby town.

Now I was intending to give a chronological account but it would be wrong because that would imply, or at least suggest I knew what went on, I didn't. So instead I'll simply say that I was very busy at work, both trips in the UK and abroad plus meetings into the night which Becky was always comfortable with.

The incident if you can call it that was probably six months after we'd moved when there was a street party and we all sat around chatting (I didn't usually see the neighbours), drinking and having a good time. Anyway I was chatting to one of the women down the street from us and explained we needed some repairs in our bedroom to the en-suite shower so mentioned getting `Old Man Reynolds' (that's what everyone called him) over to help out in our bedroom, and without thinking the woman chipped back, "well that's what he usually does!" I wouldn't have thought about it but she went bright red. 

Now here's the thing I knew it was a gaff but didn't actually think it was directed at us; an innuendo but about someone else maybe, so I smiled and said something like `true.' She gave me a long sidelong glance then moved on and I forgot about it until later. It was a day after I mentioned the fact that I suspected, from the woman's comment, that old man Reynolds might be seeing one of the other `old ladies' in the street for a little extra-curricular activity and Becky got surprisingly edgy; a sign I didn't even see as anything until I looked at this in retrospect. I did ask her who it might be since at sixty four he was older than most of the women in the street so it must be a fifty something, which given the neighbourhood and the women involved I was surprised. Becky didn't say anything I can recall so that was the end of it. 

Forward another year and another significant promotion which resulted in me having to go away for more trips. I eventually went on a three week trip to Australia and New Zealand that coincided with our wedding anniversary so in a sudden pang of guilt I decided I would change the schedule of the visit and fly home three days earlier to be home for that important evening. As a surprise I booked a taxi, a table at a really nice local restaurant.

I flew back to the UK arriving and got a lift home feeling tired but really happy arriving just after mid-day. I was in the house for all of two minute before I recognised something was up. Becky was moaning upstairs and I knew it wasn't from being unwell! Of course I'd always had a slight fear that Becky might get bored being at home on her own (she still did some work for old man Reynolds's friend but that was hardly sustaining) but I'd figured she was busy enough.

I needed to find out what was happening but didn't storm up and shout rather walked calmly to the main bedroom and pushed the door. Becky was on the bed, wearing a black lace body stocking (I'd never seen this before) and between her legs old man Reynolds was hammering away saying foul things about making her fuck another tramp and all his friends to which she simply mewed and said as her `bull' he could get her to do whatever he wanted. I left the room unseen and sat in the hall as they continued to mate in my bedroom. Then he told her very forcefully he was going to cum! It was said with a deep almost primitive inflection in his voice and she laughed and told him that was the idea! My world disintegrated.  He obviously did because it went quiet.

Twenty minutes later Becky found me sitting in the lounge, tears still in my eyes. I looked at her and to my surprise she simply walked over and sat in a seat opposite; she wore nothing except the body stocking which was cut out at the crotch; I could see her bare, open sex pouting at me. She followed my gaze but made no effort to cover up.

"How long have you been here?"

"Long enough." I mumbled.

"Do you want me to explain?" She asked almost casually.

"Please do." I said in a clipped tone.

"Old man Reynolds and I have been lovers since we moved here." She explained: "Third or forth week actually. It was a drunken moment but once I'd been with him it was only a matter of time before it happened again!"

"Why?"

"The truth? He treats me so differently from any other man I've ever been with and he is so gorgeously black!  I loved his skin colour, his so dark and I'm so light, I get turned on ever time I see his black hands on my white skin. He uses me as he wants and I love it! He is so dominant and gets me to be so nasty... it's just so very different to us!"

"So where does that leave us?" I spat the words. She looked offended.

"Honestly? I don't know. He's become what people call a bull, that is to say like a real bull he takes me whenever he feels like it and uses me how he pleases. To be really honest with you I'm happy for that to happen, that's part of the attraction; I love his dominance and control and of course the fact that he is... well so hung!"

"So I guess we are finished!" I stated coolly.

"That's up to you." She paused looked at me considering then went on: "I know you find it upsetting but I'm not going to stop. If you love me then you will let it continue. You see, it's raw sex not love just sex as it should be!"

"Tell him." This came from old man Reynolds who stood at the doorway naked. I looked across and couldn't help stare at his dark cock which hung down between his legs. He was clearly so much bigger than me. "What we discussed before Christmas." He added. He was now by her side. She slipped her hand into his. Hell! My twenty eight year old wife and her sixty six year old black lover, I felt sick, the man was ten years older than her father!

"We thought that after you found out..." She took a breath then fixed me with a stare; "I want him to become my bull properly. That means you accept he is not just my lover but is dominant in our relationship. His sexual satisfaction takes priority over yours, because he is both a better lover and more sexually stimulating to me!"

"That's absurd!" I stuttered.

"No it's not. Look we need to be realistic about this: Firstly a divorce will tear you apart, secondly I'm not sure how you would cope if every one of your friends knew I had a black lover approaching seventy because you don't satisfy me? And thirdly, Doug will admit, it's all about the sex because other times I miss you dreadfully, he's not a companion just a.... well a bull..." She laughed. "Sounds corny but it's true in a way; all about his wonderful black cock and nasty mind! "

"I... I don't know what to say to that!" I admitted. Stunned.

"Yes would be the best answer. Now what I'd also like to show you is this!" With that she took hold of old man Reynolds's cock and gave it a pump. I was like a rabbit in headlights, I stared as it grew and rose; it was ten inches and approaching three times the girth of my own. Becky looked at me watching gave a little smile then said in a sexy voice:

"I want you to see him in me!" She stated and got up then dropped onto her back on the carpet in front of me. Old man Reynolds glanced at me then looked at Becky.

"Bare?" he asked with a smile of triumph. She looked at me with a sly grin then nodded, "Just this time!" He then mounted my wife and slid the whole thing inside in one easy movement. She moaned and they began to have sex. Becky described how deep he was, how hard he was and how much better he was than me! They were at it for maybe fifteen minutes and to my utter shame I got erect, something Becky noticed and pointed out asking me to wank as she made love. I refused but in the end I did and she even grabbed it tossing me in time to old man Reynolds. She then teased by adding he was also rather potent as he'd had five children by three women over the years. Then she looked at me and said that; "Old man Reynolds is about to cum in your wife's womb; I'm unprotected and fertile!"

Then the ultimate humiliation was complete; I came as she looked at me while he told her he was about to give her his black baby! He chuckled at the thought. He left shortly after and I was left sitting alone in a daze but Becky insisted we still go out as I'd planned only she was going to make the evening really special. I didn't like the sound of that. Obviously I was ashamed that I'd let that old man use my wife in front of me as I played with myself but worse that it had been unprotected and I'd more or less opened the gates to her plans. When the taxi arrived Becky appeared looking stunning in a little black dress and elegant heels. Once at the restaurant she informed me that she had nothing on under the dress. We talked about her needs and despite my heated refusal to agree she more or less made me accept it was inevitable. Well they'd been lovers for almost eighteen months

We came home in the taxi; she rubbing me through my trousers while letting me feel her very wet and open sex. Once back at our street she announced to the driver he was to stop outside old man Reynolds's house. I was now worried and when we got out and went to his door my trepidation grew. The door opened and the man waved us inside and straight up to the main bedroom; it was clear I was about to see Becky and old man Reynolds having sex again. Becky sat me on a chair by the bed then sat facing me with old man Reynolds at her side then made a great play of opening his flies and taking out his cock before slowly sucking his cock while looking into my eyes.

Eventually she was evidently really turned on so left him and pulled my chinos and jockeys to my ankles then gave my own cock a quick pump before putting my own hand on it then she returned to old man Reynolds. "I think you need to show my husband why I let you fuck me all the time!" She teased then shedding her dress she draped herself across the bed. He was naked himself in moments then with an exaggerated action he very slowly pushed that huge cock inside her making her buck with pleasure.

"See he's so deep and I'm so stretched!" She breathed as he began to move in her. I watched as their rhythm became one and they were entwined her lips on his before she pulled him close and looked at me over his shoulders. She closed her eyes as an orgasm struck her and her thighs vibrated. She went almost still for a moment then regained the rhythm. This dance continued for twenty minutes until I could tell he was getting close.

"I'm going to put my baby juice in to you slut!" He stated as my wife watched me closely. I'd cum a few moments before despite myself. "You've wanted this for a year, slut!" She gave a groan clearly cuming hard I could see his balls contract as he pumped his seed into my wife, feet curling up as he did so. Finally he rolled off and my wife twisted to show me her open legs; she was still open with a tunnel going deep. She grinned. Getting to her feet she dressed then stopped and told me she could feel some sperm on her thigh.

"Remember Chris, I'm her bull and that means if I tell her not to fuck you then she won't... but tonight you can... well after you suck out my cum!" he laughed at this then dismissed us with a wave of his hand. We finally left for home and once inside went to bed.

"You let him cum in you!" I stated finally.

"You liked seeing that, I could tell!"

"Becky! He's black! If you get pregnant it will be a black baby!"

My wife turned and kissed me hard. "Did you like the look of my used pussy?"

"You're changing the subject!" I pressed.

"But did you?"

"It was awful!"

"Here's the deal; you go down on me, now like my bull said and get rid of what's left of his cum then I'll let you fuck me tonight and tomorrow."

"No way! That's gross Becky."

"Best way to keep the baby white!" She rubbed my cock which was hardening in response. "Now be a good boy and suck his cum from me, think of it like birth control!"

"I can't!"

"Then no sex and we both know what colour my baby will be!"

I'm ashamed to say I eventually did as asked and went between her legs. Actually while there was a faint twang it was pretty clean. I brought her to a climax then she pulled me to her and we kissed. I was hard as she rolled me onto my back and rode me. "Actually he came before I found you in the house." She explained unnecessarily. "Shot into a condom, so there's not too much in there especially since it was his third time.

We had sex for maybe twenty minute before I came and to my surprise so did Becky. She added that like old man Reynolds I probably had very little sperm left so needed to do her the next morning to put anything meaningful inside her. That next morning she surprised me by apologising for the way she'd behaved but added it had been pent up frustration as she'd been desperate for over a year to admit she was the slut of a black bull. We made love slowly that morning and even though I felt somewhat inadequate because of old man Reynolds and his big cock, Becky still came and I held back for a decent time. She then looked at me and told me that it was great sex but then admitted it wasn't as good as her bull! Anyway I went to work that day returning early find Becky waiting on the sofa in stockings heels and a smile:

"My pussy's rather a mess but you need to do your duty! Suck his cum out and you can fuck me!" I knew what she'd told me would be true; if I refused then there would be no more sex. She urged me to get to work by adding: "If you don't hurry Doug's sperm will win the race to my eggs!" I felt sick.

She was a mess, the semen was much more obvious than the night before in fact there was a huge amount but she insisted I keep cleaning her for almost twenty minutes, until she had a second orgasm (the first arrived really quickly). Then I was allowed to have sex with her; I came after a few minutes but she was by then too spent to care. We did it the next morning after which I lay looking at her beautiful face and told her I loved her. She kissed me back and asked if I was ok. I said not really and then she held me close and whispered that she loved me so much it hurt!

I felt really strange at this and asked her if she really did that much why treat me this way. She surprised me by telling me it was part of what made it so special; humiliating me while being treated like a cheap whore by an old man was just as good as it could get; Wanking me as old man Reynolds came in her she admitted gave her the biggest climax ever. She added the fact that she could force me, her husband to eat the cum from her pussy was a thrill.

She made a big show that evening of dressing for sex then made me sit next to her when old man Reynolds came over. As he played with her body and fingered her she told him she was his again then she was directed to her knees where he got her to blow him as he talked about how much of a slut she was. As she worked on his cock she was forced to admit that she'd let him have sex with her a number of times while I was about most recently when we decorated the spare room. Old man Reynolds laughed when he informed me that my wife was blowing him as he leaned out of the window chatting to me as I came out of the garage.

Another time, he explained, she was riding his cock as I chatted to her while on a trip to France; he insisted she have a climax before putting the phone down, of course now they mentioned it I remembered the rather bizarre nature of the call and her groan at the end. Old man Reynolds then got her to pull my cock out before she mounted him and they fucked as she played with me again. She came twice then when he was going to ejaculate he asked her if her womb was ready, she came again this time so hard she was almost convulsing. They kissed and he asked her if she wanted more black cock she just gave me a wry smile and said yes. She dropped my cock, I'd avoided cuming myself then began blowing him again.

When he was hard again she got on all fours and he screwed her for ages giving her several climaxes. Throughout there was a constant barrage of abuse and humiliation: 

"Do you love my cock?" he asked and got a yes.

"Am I your bull?" - yes

"Do you want my sperm?" - yes

"Are you fertile?" - yes

"Do you want me to breed you?" -yes

"Wank your husband while I impregnate you!" and she did. She even gave another yes when I came.

"Now Chris, you suck your wife please as she sits on your face!" I wanted to say no but I didn't and he stood so she could blow him. I even felt his fingers rubbing her clit as I still sucked her sex making sure she had a climax which of course resulted in his sperm being forced out. The weirdest part of all this was the fact that when my wife got pregnant she was almost beside herself that it would be black! Somehow this broke the spell as it seems it was one thing to wish and fantasise but another to be faced with a black child in your life forever.

It sounds sad to say but I was relieved when she had a miscarriage. Except she then went back to sex with Old Man Reynolds this time using condoms. I had hoped she would stop but he was too local, available and so cocky he knew even when she was trying to curb this excessive behaviour she couldn't resist him. Obviously she was seeing him so often the neighbours knew what was going on which made Old man Reynolds bold, so much so he would occasionally turn up and take Becky as she lay out in our back garden. One time she and I went to a BBQ across the road only he was also there and with much nudging and knowing looks they danced together for a while then slipped away only for Becky to reappear half-dressed looking very used!

Another time she had some of our old friends over but she excused herself for a short while reappearing then deliberately standing close to me so, from where I was sitting, I could see her bare sex; battered and used and on display. I had to spend the next hour trying to avoid her exposing herself to our friends. In the end Old Man Reynolds persuaded her that her ultimate fantasy really was to have his baby and it was the right thing to do. She then told me he would be joining us that summer on our vacation.

So that July we went to Spain and I just watched most of the time as he took her again and again. I did at least have some sex; she still loved me and that meant I was able to do it when Old Man Reynolds wasn't interested. I knew once we got home she was with him daily so when she was pregnant at the end of the month we knew it had to be his. There followed another miscarriage which upset my wife a lot more than the first one but then once we discussed it she admitted she would have dreaded the actual birth.

Anyway despite all of that she still eventually agreed for a third try that was when Old man Reynolds got help without actually telling her. A Somali man he knew appeared one evening and I watched as this man, also in his sixties had sex with Becky; she had been reluctant until he showed her his frankly ridiculously large cock! They did it twice that night and once the following afternoon. He returned with Old Man Reynolds the next weekend only this time my wife was rather excited to see him as she'd enjoyed the sex a lot. They spent most of the weekend with her not just Friday night but the men were in my house all Saturday spending periods having sex with Becky. She admitted being `beyond stretched' by them both when he finally left Sunday evening.

This time the baby stuck and while a little uncertain again Becky soon grew to like the idea that she had been impregnated by one of those black men. She began to tell her family and friends that she had a lover whose baby it might be and after the initial shock, once they realised that not only did I know about it I was accepting, most got used to the fact. When it was time the child came out ebony black and Becky revelled in her interracial baby and happily told everyone she still had her black lover and even told her family she was really pleased it was black and wasn't mine. The baby was probably too dark to be Old Man Reynolds but he was named as the father.

Becky continued to sleep with him again once she'd regained her old shape after five or six months; sometimes making me give her oral sex after but I did still have normal sex with her from time to time and despite everything it was good and she was loving and responsive. It was a year after the birth when she chatted to me one night and mentioned that she was thinking about another child, or to me more accurate Old Man Reynolds was. He wanted my wife you have another black baby which I guess whilst rather depressing wasn't that surprising since he had sex with her three or four times more often than I did.

It came as quite a shock when a few weeks later just before Becky was due to begin the process (she'd been on the pill since she'd started having sex again so had just come off it),Old Man Reynolds died of a heart attack. Thankfully he was not in bed with my wife but actually with another neighbour. This was a real surprise to everyone even Becky but he was quite literally a dark horse and the woman (just turned forty) wasn't someone we'd have expected. The reaction of the husband made it clear that like me he knew his wife was being sexed by the old man.

Two years on my wife is eight month gone with number three: Number two was the product of holiday sex in Jamaica just after the funeral: She was still unprotected yet decided to help get over her grief by throwing herself at a group of black kids the second evening we were there and they happily took her off for the night only she didn't return until after mid-day. She admitted there were times when she didn't even recognise some of the men fucking her as the initial group seemed to share her with a number of others but she really didn't care. We had sex ourselves several times but she also went off twice more with different islanders so when she found out she was pregnant (she'd forgotten all about the fact she wasn't safe) she guessed it was more likely to be black since there had been an awful lot of me using her that first evening and counting back it had been day eight of her cycle.

Number three is mine and I'm hoping for a girl after two boys. Becky tells me she loves me more now than ever and our sex life is certainly full, plus without Old Man Reynolds constant attention she hasn't had any extra-marital sex since Nathanial was conceived. I have no doubt that given the whispered conversations we've had from time to time she will at some stage have sex with someone else undoubtedly black, I just hope I can limit it to casual sex and preferably safe as well!
