Little Lia and Luke
by PhillyPhan321

The overall story is 2 twins, Lia and Luke, are about to start their junior year in high school but are being left by their single Mom named Candice with her best friend named Avery and her daughter Alice to take care of them for at least the next 2 years because she works for the CIA and is being sent to work in China. Avery and her daughter live in the deep woods of Georgia (the state) in what Lia and Luke find pretty primitive living coming from living in Virginia near CIA headquarters while going to the top schools in the area up until that point. From that point ENF, ENM and SPH events ensue. Both Lia and Luke are white, blood haired, good looking and of average height(5'6 foot for Lia and 5'10 for Luke) both are also underdeveloped for their age in select areas. With Lia having almost non-existant breasts without her padded bra and Luke having a penis that is less than 1 inch long and very thin when soft. While being able to grow to almost 2.5 inches when erect. Neither of the twins know the other has this issue to start the story. The twins also have a secret history that is explained in my first chapter/story Both Avery and her daughter Ava are much more liberal to nudity than Lia and Luke have ever experienced. Avery and Alice are almost model good looking women that are tall and buxom with long brown hair. From there do what you want with a story/chapter if you want to.

Lia and Luke had just gotten off the plane and into the car with their Mom during their trip to live with their Mom's friend Avery's house for the next 2 years. The 2 un-identical twins continued their arguing with their Mom during the whole drive there (like it would be any help in changing her mind). They argued they could take care of themselves up in Virginia so that they could continue going to their private school there. Their Mom just kept saying no, not explaining to them that months ago that the CIA (who she worked for) said they would need to be taken care of for their safety while she was on her mission in China. Lia and Luke didn't know that was the reason they were being left with Avery rather then a family they already knew. They also didn't know that Avery was not just an old friend of their Mom's but was also a CIA agent that was assigned for protection duties of VIPs in the past. But was now just working on research from home for the CIA but could still obviously work protection missions as well. Which is why the CIA recommended that Candice leave her kids with her old friend Avery when they gave her her important mission in China.

Candice and her kids took the long car ride then to Avery's house. They had never seen woods so deep, nor did they see the monitoring equipment Avery had installed to see anyone approaching her house form miles away. When Lia and Luke got to the house it was already about to get dark out soon when they saw the house and felt like they had been punched in the gut. The home was like nothing they grew up in, in Virginia. Avery's home looked like a 200 year old home in the middle of the woods. When they got out of the car they started to get their suitcases when Avery and her daughter Alice came out from the backyard of the house in very small bikinis to greet their new guests. First Candice and Avery hugged and they all introduced everyone to each other. Suddenly Luke felt like maybe this stay with his Mom's friend would not be so bad. Avery and Alice were both drop dead gorgeous in their small bikinis. The 2 women were tall with large C-D size breasts with great asses hanging out of their small bikini bottoms. Lia on the other hand didn't like what she saw. She had always been very conservative with how she dressed and never wore a 2 piece bathing suit due to her very small breasts. That was if she ever went to the beach or pool which she had avoided for the last 2 years after she noticed she was the only girl in school with still a basically flat chest. This resulted in her wearing a very padded bra that moved her up to a large B cup.

After staying for dinner that Avery had prepared the twins mother said her goodbyes to her kids and told them she would still be in contact with them through text and video messages passed back to them through the CIA that they could also give to the CIA team members who would pass their messages back along to Candice when they could. The twins knew their Mom was going somewhere dangerous but they didn't know where she was going. After dinner and saying good-bye to their Mom Avery showed the kids each to their rooms in the house and let them unpack and go to bed after such a busy day. When the twins woke up they were drenched in sweat. For some reason Avery didn't have the A/C on the middle of summer in Georgia. This seemed like a bad sign to them. When they woke-up and asked Avery why she didn't have the A/C on in this heat and Avery explained she tried to save electricity as much as possible to save the environment. This caused the 2 twins to roll their eyes which Avery saw and didn't like. Avery then stood-up from her computer work she was doing (the internet was the only thing in the house never turned off due to Avery's work). Avery seemed to only be wearing a teeshirt at the time and walked over to the kids they thought they saw her shaved pussy but were not sure. They were sure though when she walked past them and over to the refrigerator and bent over to get the 2 kids out something to drink. Luke thought he was going to melt on the spot and Lia felt insulted that their new host would expose herself accidental or not to them like that.

After giving the kids their drinks to cool them down a little she explained that it didn't matter if they were sweaty now or not since they were going to have to do their summer chores first and could then bath after they were done. Lia and Luke were shocked to hear of the out-door chores they would be doing. At their old home the only chores they had to do were things like taking the trash out or washing their clothes. Avery explained to the twins that her daughter Alice would show them how to do their assigned chores and that it would be easy split amongst the 3 of them now. As Avery said this Alice came down stairs also seemingly also just dressed in a t-shirt. She told the 2 twins she would meet them outside in a few minutes and to dress in something cool to help against the heat. When they got outside they were shocked by what Alice was wearing. She had on just a sports bra that barley contained her large breasts and yoga like shorts that were incredibly tight on her. The twins had on t-shirts and workout shorts. Alice told the twins right away they would regret wearing that much by tomorrow. So they went on their tasks one by one until they were done all of them by around 11am. The twins and Alice were all covered in sweat, dirt and gunk from the chores but the twins were worse off not having been used to the physical work they were doing even though they were both in shape. It also didn't help that their skin was much more pale then Alice's very tan skin obviously used to working out in the sun doing these chores.

As they got back to the homes main back yard they notices that Alice who was in-front of them leading the way started to take her clothes off. The twins were insanely shocked that by the time they got up to the house Alice was fully nude and messing around with the hose. Luke felt his secretly small dick growing hard with the sight of this beautiful angle in-front of him just 1 grade his senior. Lia on the other hand couldn't believe what she was seeing. She had never seen another women undress in front of her like this and when she saw Alice's body she grew incredibly jealous of her. Alice after turning the hose on saw the twins eyes almost popping out of their heads staring at her like she was doing the most crazy thing in the world to them. Alice just looked at them like nothing was wrong and said "what is wrong with you 2 now? You've never seen a naked women? Nudity is fine in this house. Come on get your clothes off so we can get inside and take a shower". The twins while still staring at Alice just kept saying things like "that is ok", "we'll skip the hose and go right to the shower". But just as they were saying that Alice's Mom came out of the house still in her t-shirt and said "Oh no you 2 won't. You're not getting dirt into my house like that. Just look at yourself's you are covered in mud and gunk from your chores. You need to get that excess dirt off before you can go up to the shower".

Avery then looked right at them and said "Ok you 2 all your clothes off now and that is an order". Which is where we need to stop for a second while I quickly explain to you where Lia and Luke actually came from. The 2 had never met their "father" before because he didn't exist. The twins were test tube babies given to Candice to birth for the CIA and then raise. The twins DNA had been altered to allow them very high intelligence, athleticism and the understanding that they should always follow legal logical orders given to them by superiors. This altering of their DNA also is what caused Lia to have incredibly small breasts (almost non-existant) and Luke to have a less the a half inch penis when soft with incredibly small balls as well. It was not known if these changes were just side effects or purposeful changes made by the CIA to make them have smaller weak areas in a fight or combat. Back to the present day the twins couldn't believe what they were doing. They were both outside in-front of 2 people they just met yesterday getting fully naked.

Luke having less to take off was the one who would be fully undressed first. He had lost his erection after being told he needs to get naked. Luke was down to just his underwear when Alice sprayed him with the cold water from the hose and she let out a giggle. Alice thought Luke was cute, had a great body (what she had seen so far) and couldn't wait to see his dick. That was until he pulled his underwear down and revealed his miniature penis. Avery, Alice and his sister all stopped what they were doing and stared in silence before all starting to let out giggles before laughing uncontrollably at the mini-penis. Lia was the one able to control herself first and said "Bro where is your dick at? hahaha". In shock at his sister's comment and everyones laughing at him Luke covered his little dick up (he only needed the one hand) and turned more red due to embarrassment than he ever had in his life up to that point. The cold water the already nude Alice had sprayed on him had almost inverted his half inch penis into basically non-existance. That was when Avery finally stopped laughing and told the 2 girls to stop their laughing and kneeled down in front of Luke. Avery said "Alice that cold water you sprayed on him shrunk him up" as she said that she reached out and grabbed his inverted dick and stroked it a few times for him until it righted itself to it's normal half-inch state. But it didn't stop there with the very sexy and nude Alice in front of him and the incredibly sexy Avery stroking his dick he quickly got hard and reached his maximum of 2.5 inches and still very thin. Avery then said "well it is still really small but he does have one at least. hahahaha". All the girls started laughing again when Avery noticed Lia had stopped undressing at her underwear. Avery then clapped her hands and said come on Lia you too. You both need to get naked like Alice so you can get hosed down and then take a shower.

Lia then dropped her panties down first revealing her shaved smooth coin slot pussy and great ass to the 3 others. That was the easy part for her. Now she needed to reveal her almost flat chest to these 2 gorgeous women and her brother. Her hands shaking she reached back behind her back and unhooked her bra letting it fall to the floor. This is when everyone gasped not thinking right away where Lia's breasts had gone until looking down at the massively padded bra. Avery picked up the bra in disappointment and said "Young lady what is this? You don't need a padded bra like this". Alice then quickly said "it dons't look like she needs a bra at all, unlike me". Alice then shook her large C almost D cup boobs back and forth at Lia and Luke. Avery then spanked her daughter's nude ass and said "stop that girl, behave". Avery followed that up turning back to Lia and said "Just be yourself girl. I bet your mom doesn't know about these padded bras does she?" which Lia had to admit her mother didn't know about. Well you clearly don't need a bra so I'll be taking all of your padded bras from here while you are in the shower. You'll need to grow up and except who you are.

Avery then grabbed the hose from Alice and sprayed down the 3 nude teenagers until they got all the excess dirt off themselves. Luke was basically back to having no dick after getting sprayed down by the cold water again. Avery then told Luke he would need to shave his pubic area like his sister and Alice do to avoid getting any of the large Georgian ticks down there. To demonstrate their shaved state Avery turned both Alice and Lia around and pushed them forward so their asses were sticking out. She grabbed an ass check on each one and pulled to show they were shaved everywhere down low. This made Lia blush having never been that exposed in her whole life and to her brother of all people. While Alice shook her ass cheeks back and forth after her Mom let her butt cheek go. Avery then again grabbed Luke's little pecker with one hand and put her other hand on one of Lia's little boobs and said "Now before you 2 go in to take a shower I want you 2 to know that I am going to have it so a doctor sees you 2. You are both very underdeveloped for your age and I want to make sure nothing is wrong with you. Understood?" The twins both replied yes and followed the nude Alice upstairs to the shower. The twins stopped at the door to go into the bathroom when Alice turned around and put her hands on her hips and said "Really? You 2 are still not going to come into the shower with me after all that? Come on let's go, thats an order. Everyone into the shower". The twins followed Alice into the shower and knew things in their life had changed forever. This was going to be a long 2 years.

As I was saying I have a few more stories/chapters thought up to go into here. But this was my first story and took longer then I thought it would to write up. So if any of you have any advice or comments on me for my story I'd love to hear them. And if any of you want to add a story/chapter to Lia and Luke's new life feel free to do so. My next chapter will be Avery taking the twins to see a doctor which will result in more embarrassment for the twins.
