Not A Virgin
Getting the Head Girl drunk had been more difficult than anticipated, but all involved unanimously agreed it had been well worth the wait. Seven years in the making and involving more than half of the students in her year, the plan had been elaborate and detailed. The top minds of the class (excluding Hermione herself, of course) had plotted and planned, taking great pains to ensure all of the elements would come together in exactly the right way. To that way of thinking, it was a lot like Potions class.

Only funner.

And so it was with bated breath that the rowdy seventh years gathered in the Room of Requirement under the guise of an end-of-term celebration. Hermione was not initially in attendance, but this was only to be expected. She would be there soon enough. Almost immediately, the contraband liquor was flowing freely thanks to Seamus Finnigan's extraordinary skills in transfiguration and what the room had deemed necessary, and the noise of the student body began calling to Hermione like sirens to sailors.

Hermione Granger, Head Girl and pride of Gryffindor, could hear a student misbehaving from three miles away.

The noise level started out almost peacefully. Sure, several Muggleborn Hufflepuffs had begun blaring a magical recording of some of their favorite Muggle party music, and certainly, said music was in less than polite taste, but almost anyone in the school would have let it slide. It was the end of the first term of the last school year for these students. Surely no one would begrudge them a little recreation.

There were only two people in the entire castle who could have threatened the little shindig, and the other one was at a supersecret meeting of the Order of the Phoenix. Harry had made sure that the snarky Potions Master would be out of the castle. It had been easy enough; supersecret meetings always took place on Wednesday nights. Then they played poker. Snape should be out of the castle until at least midnight.

Which left the other thorn in their side, Hermione, in perfect position. Cranking the volume of the music up just a tiny bit, Harry smiled knowingly. Catching Ron's eye and giving him a meaningful nod, the two began their simultaneous mental countdown.

Three...

Two...

One...

"WHAT IN THE WORLD DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING IN HERE?!?"

Target acquired.

"Oi, Hermione!" Ron called, raising a glass of... erm... pumpkin juice to her and dancing provocatively against an already intoxicated Ravenclaw who was, herself, grinding against Harry. "Want to join us?"

Stone faced and pretty clearly furious, the bushy haired tornado tore through the crowd toward her best friends.

"RONALD WEASLEY! WHAT, or more importantly, WHO do you think you're doing? It is a school night, and this room is to be used only in times of need! I really don't want to, but you leave me no choice but to deduct House points!"

"Hermione, easy," reasoned Harry. "This is a time of need. We needed to let off steam. The room just gave us what we needed," he concluded, gesturing to the gigantic keg around which a good number of students were gathered.

"ALCOHOL? Harry, are you mad?!? I am Head Girl! I cannot let this stand! I am here to protect the students from their own dumb, stupid, teenage mistakes and from the wrath of the faculty! You cannot show me a keg and expect that to make everything alright!"

Ron shrugged and shouted over the music, switching out the Ravenclaw for a Hufflepuff whose promiscuity was widely known.

"Made everything alright for Malfoy."

And indeed, it had. Locating the blond Head Boy took little effort, as he was standing on the back of a leather couch, shouting something about Slytherin Quidditch and wearing his shirt around his head like a bandana. The crowd gathered below the Quidditch captain on the sofa echoed some of his sentiments and cheered at others, only serving to encourage him in his tirade.

God, please don't let him start quoting "Braveheart," Hermione thought miserably. It was too much. There were simply too many of them, and they were entirely too loud. Even if she could manage to make her voice heard through the cacophany of drunken students, they would never listen to her.

She was good, but she was no match for alcohol.

Slumping down on the non-Malfoy-infested couch, Hermione hung her head and considered her next move. Stay, and she would be punished if she was caught there. Leave, and she ran the risk of being reprimanded for not having control over the students. Leave, and she knew she would never be able to lie and deny knowledge of the party if questioned later. Stay, and...

"Come on, 'Mione. You've gone six and a half years without stepping a toe out of line," Harry soothed, though at Hermione's stern look, he ammended himself. "Well, stepping a toe out of line in the fun kind of way, not in the defeating the forces of evil way. Just have a beer. Loosen up. If anyone here deserves some relaxation, it's you! Come on," prodded the Boy-Who-More-Often-Than-Not-Lately-Annoyed-The-Shit-Out-Of-Her, handing her a glass.

"I do not drink, Harry," Hermione responded primly. "You know that."

"Hermione. One drink is not going to scar you forever. Besides, all the cool kids are doing it." Harry then flashed her one of his trademark smiles that made her forget how she could ever be mad at him, and she grudgingly took the beer from his hand. Making a face that would have made one think Harry had handed her a glass of bile, Hermione regarded him stonily.

"I guess one drink couldn't hurt anything."

***Thirty minutes later***

"Go! Go! Go! GO!"

A great cheer erupted from the left side of the room where the Gryffindors had gathered as Hermione Granger, Head Girl and pride of Gryffindor pinned Draco Malfoy's wrist to the tabletop once again. Three matches into the inaugural Hogwarts Seventh Years' Arm Wrestling Invitational, Hermione had dominated all comers.

"WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" cried the bushy-haired, law-abiding seventh year who was now dressed disturbingly similarly to Draco. Luckily, she had remembered to wear a cute bra today. Man, nothing gets you hotter than arm wrestling.

She guessed. It was just about the only sport she'd ever participated in.

"Hermy needs another beer!" she proclaimed, and one of her faithful followers fetched it for her in record time. The initial plan of the evening had been to get Hermione drunk enough to be fun, but the more sloshed the Head Girl got, the more fun she became, and no one was about to cut her off. A couple more drinks and she might even begin to appreciate Quidditch.

A cocky Ravenclaw sat herself down across from Hermione, and the Head Girl scoffed.

"Is this the best- OH MY GOD I LOVE THIS SONG!"

And in an instant, all thought of the thrill of victory and the agony of defeat was lost as Hermione climbed on top of the table she'd just been using as a wrestling ring and began to dance. The music was Muggley, loud and metalic, and as Hermione began to sing it, the entire crowd took notice.

Actually, shocked into silence would be more the correct term.

The song itself was more provacative than anyone would have ever guessed Hermione had heard, let alone liked and knew all the words to. Not only that, she was dancing like a stripper, causing many of the boys to drool and most of the girls to regard her questioningly. Throughout the song, the repressed Head Girl touched herself, wiggled against boys, and threw around glances that were about as coquettish as the whores on Knockturn Alley.

It was like the "Dirrty" video.

Ron Weasley almost came in his pants.
"I'm not a virgin anymore
I just thought you should know
Darlin' I've been around
Yeah, I've been up and down your block
In fact I have been all over town
Down by the lake
And underneath the table in my living room
Outside by the blue, blue moon

"You can call me what you will
Call me a slut, call me a jaded pill."
At this point, Draco Malfoy took her advice and began leading a loud yet somehow affectionate chant of "Slut, slut, slut, slut!"
"But darling I've got your number now
I'm not a virgin anymore

"I've been taken
I've been hung up 
I get down and start it over again
I've been open
I've been closed like a book
And burned down like a written sin
I just thought you should know, my darling before we begin
I'm not a virgin anymore
Just thought you should know
"Before you let another lie go through your crooked little teeth
I don't think you wanna start that shit with me
Much better yet
Tell me something dangerous and cool
Oh, yeah, that looks much sexier on you
"Careful what it is you say
'Cause I can see right through you on a cloudy day
And darling I think you wanna play
I'm not a virgin anymore
"I've been taken
I've been hung up
I get down and start it over again
I've been open
I've been closed like a book
And burned down like a written sin
So if you wanna play dirty, my darling 
I'm gonna win
I'm not a virgin anymore
"Been there, done that
Say what?
Get the hang of it 
Guess what guys?
Screw you
I had a whole lot of fun with it
I've had enough now
So you better take a bow
It's gonna be an experience if you wanna play with me
Daisy chains and mary janes
Fairy tales cannot fool me now
I just thought you should know...
I've been taken
I've been hung up
I get down and start it over again
I've been open
I've been closed like a book
And burned down like a written sin
Hell, I've been divided
Out of my mind and reinvented again
I've been ignited and then uninvited
So, honey, you pick it up
I'm gonna put it back together again
I just thought you should know, my darling before we begin
I'm not a virgin anymore."

Hermione ended the song with a flourish, expecting the cheers of the crowd which she'd become accustomed to, but to her surprise no noise came from the assembly. Even the slut chant had died off.

"Miss Granger, that is entirely too much information and too little clothing."

"Oh, shit! It's Snape!... Did I say that out loud?" Hermione questioned, turning slowly to face her Potions Master. They stared each other down for a while, the students and their most hated professor. The silence was only broken by the sound of Harry slapping his forehead.

"THURSDAY is supersecret meeting and poker night! Sorry. Honest mistake."

Snape's black eyes bored into Hermione's now-frightened brown ones, unflinching and uncompromising.

"Miss Granger, get down, get dressed, and follow me. The rest of you are to return to your common rooms immediately. FIFTY points will be taken from each house with an additional hundred from Gryffindor, as I have no doubt the dynamic duo were behind this."

Embarrassed but still too drunk to be completely humiliated, Hermione gathered up her blouse from where she had thrown it on the floor and walked calmly to the door where she waited for further instruction from Snape.

"Put ON your clothes, Miss Granger," Snape snarled darkly, and she did so lazily. Quickly, he turned on his heel and exited the room, but just as quickly, he turned back, smacking straight into Hermione who had been following obediently.

"Oww..."

"LEAVE NOW!" thundered the Potions Master, and the crowd dispersed quickly, leaving only Snape and Hermione in the now-trashed Room of Requirement.

Looking straight into Hermione's eyes, Snape closed and locked the door.

"Sit. Down," Snape hissed through clenched teeth. Suddenly frightened, Hermione complied.

Or tried to, at least.

Slinking backward with a trajectory that would lead to where she thought she may have remembered seeing the couch, Hermione's knees came in contact instead with the keg, and she stumbled sloppily. Moving with his trademark stealth, the Potions Master was there before she could fall, gripping her arm and saving her from what no doubt would have been a nasty bruise. Shaken, Hermione smiled shyly at him but froze once again at his cold visage. That man could look downright nasty when he wanted to.

"I meant on the couch, but if perhaps you would prefer the keg..."

"No, sir- I jusht... I mean, just... Oh, bugger this!"

"Miss Granger, sit down and watch you mouth. It has landed you in enough trouble for one night already."

Walking shakily to the couch, Hermione was finally seated while Snape paced angrily in front of her. This was what bothered her most about him. He always wanted other people in the inferior position. He always had to be looking down on others, and not just figuratively. It was wrong, really, and probably a warning sign of some deep-seated emotional or psychological problem. Yes, it was definitely one of those, and if the room would stop its bloody spinning, Hermione would stand up just to deflate his ego.

"Miss Granger," Snape began slowly and smoothly. Was it the alcohol talking, or was his voice really that sexy all the time? "In all my years of teaching, I have never been as shocked, alarmed, or utterly dismayed by a student as I am by you tonight." His voice rose throughout the speech, and even drunk Hermione managed to feel a little bit badly about what she'd done. He hadn't said he had been "outraged" or "disgusted." No, just shocked.

Stupid grownups! Always making you feel worse about what you did by not punishing you!

...He's not going to punish me, is he?

"I'm sorry, sir. I-"

"I. Am. Not. Finished," spat Snape, and Hermione's apology died on her lips. If he was going to be an ass about it, she just wasn't gonna apologize. "Your behavior this evening is the single most idiotic thing I have ever known you to do, Hermione! Do you even know what could have happened?"

You mean, aside from liver damage and a hangover?

"Do you have even the tiniest clue what you looked like up there?" Snape yelled. Ooh, he was angry now. Hermione quickly changed her mind; condescending Snape was much better than angry Snape. In her mind, she drew devil horns and a pointy beard on him. It was funny. She would have giggled if it hadn't been for the annoying urge to regurgitate. "Do you even see," Snape continued, "the danger you are in when you behave that way?"

"I'm sorry, Professor, but we were just having fun. Everyone else was enjoying it."

"Exactly my point!" he shouted, slamming his fist down hard on a newly-appeared coffee table. Somewhere along the line, the surroundings had changed and Hermione hadn't even noticed. Must have been while the room was spinning. Scared by Snape's sudden burst of anger, Hermione shrunk back against the pillows of the couch. For some reason his face had gone red all of a sudden, and he kind of looked like he was sweating. Odd, Hermione didn't ever remember seeing Snape sweat before. "Did you see how those boys were looking at you?" Snape continued to rage. "Couldn't you feel the want emanating off them? God, Hermione, do you even know what you look like?" Snape stopped pacing and stood in front of her, running his hands through his hair. For her part, Hermione sat dutifully on the couch, gazing at him with genuinely confused eyes. Boys? Want? Hermione? What the hell was he getting at? It couldn't be what she almost thought it was...

"What?"

But Hermione's question was never answered. Almost before the word had left her lips, Snape's lips were crushing down hard on hers, his hands posessively grabbing her waist. She squeaked in surprise at first, keeping her eyes open because she didn't know any better. Heehee! He looked funny when he was... oh, Merlin!

No need to close the eyes, since they were now rolled completely back in her head. Snape had moved to sit next to her on the... what the fuck?... on the bed, and his hands had begun roaming over her body, one pulling her tightly against him, and the other finding its target and fondling her breasts.

What the hell is going on?

Hermione didn't know, but it was nice, and she was going to continue until she was instructed differently. Almost roughly, Snape pushed her to lie on her back and moved his own body over hers, his erection clearly felt even through his pants and robes and Hermione's flimsy uniform skirt. Not expecting that, but liking it all the same, Hermione wiggled against him, only to fell his lips heavy on hers again, his tongue probing her mouth in a pitiful imitation of what his body ached to do to her.

"You see, Hermione?" he panted hot against her ear in between rough kisses along her neck. "You act like that and you're going to give men the wrong idea."

Hermione could only moan in response. Hell, if she'd known it would be that easy to get a guy, she would have done it sooner. Sure she talked a good game, and like the song said, she really wasn't a virgin, but she sure as hell hadn't been expecting this.

This was way more satisfying than her other experiences with Viktor, and Snape had barely done anything yet.

Moving against Snape in a way that made her skirt ride up around her waist, Hermione hungrily kissed him, initiating contact with him for the first time. Snape practically growled as her tongue entered his mouth, and he roughly pushed a hand between her legs, causing her to moan in a way she'd never known she could. Breaking the kiss, Snape grinned evilly as he thrust first one and then two fingers inside her. Hermione's body spasmed in ecstasy and she tried to cry out but found no sound would leave her throat. Before tonight, she'd never really fantasized about anything other than nice, sweet, romantic sex with clouds and rainbows and scented candles, but as Snape practically violently plunged into her, she could think of nothing more satisfying than if he were to just bend her over and take her with her skirt on.

God, was she really that big a freak?

Oh, well. Morals be damned; this was fun!

It was even more fun when she heard him moan as she unzipped his pants and grabbed at him.

"You act like that," Snape growled, "And men are going to take advantage of you." Positioning himself above her, Snape barely paused before entering her forcefully. Hermione cried out a bit at his sudden, unaplogetic intrusion but was soon silenced as Snape began to move inside her, filling her more than she'd ever thought possible.

No, WAY different than Viktor...

Finding a rhythm quickly, Hermione began to buck against him, enjoying every sensation. His mouth skimmed her lips, her breasts, her shoulder, her throat- all in amazingly fast succession, and within seconds she could feel the heat spread from between her legs to every inch of her skin.

"Please," she begged, though she was not sure exactly what it was she wanted. Consenting to her unspecified request, Snape only began to take her more forcefully, knocking her head into the headboard more than once. She was sure she would have a knot there in the morning, but she was also quite sure she wouldn't care much.

"Come for me, Hermione," Snape demanded, close to his own release. He didn't have to ask her twice. With a quick touch to her clit, Snape sent her over the edge, and she flailed about wildly for several seconds, invoking the names of several deities before calming down. Severus continued to thrust into her throughout her orgasm, but almost immediately afterward his own movements became sporadic as he emptied himself into her.

Collapsed on top of her, Snape growled into her ear.

"If you tell anyone about this, I will see that you fail Potions this year." Hermione could tell he was completely serious and so fought the urge to giggle.

"I understand, sir," she said solemnly as he disentangled himself from her and hastily zipped up his pants. Standing above her, he sneered as he gazed down on her disheveled form.

"There is still the matter of punishment, Miss Granger. After all, as Head Girl you should have broken up this party, not taken part in it."

"I know, sir, I-"

"I believe a week's worth of detention with me shall suffice."

A tiny smile flashed across her face and was gone before he could see it.

"A week, sir? Don't you think I deserve more punishment than that?"

Snape's lips turned up in his signature smirk as he eyed her appraisingly.

"We shall see, Miss Granger."

Not a Virgin