Kara's - very hot pay site!
AdultFriendFinder - largest ADULT personals - 2,000,000+ members!
ALT.com - largest BDSM personals!
OutPersonals.com - largest Gay personals!
Nightmail.com - free web-based email!
SlutPost.com - free adult picture post!
 


HOT INDIAN FAMILY -IV - 18 June 
HOT INDIAN FAMILY -IV 

By Jeevan jeevan80@yahoo.com 

One day in the morning Bharati was getting ready to go to her office and as she was packing her lunch-box, Kartik came in the kitchen. Bharati was wearing petticoat and blouse and was about to change for her office. Her massive boobs were trying to peek out of her blouse and the nipples were clearly visible over the thin material. Her belly bulged out provocatively and Kartik could see her belly button and her naval easily. This was his favorite mom with whom he recently had sex. He looked at her and exclaimed,  Ohhh Mom! You look soooo sexy! Ohhh god I love to watch you in this. Your boobs are inviting me and your ass wants my attention too. Come on mom! Give me some ass of yours. See my cock. Its hard for you. Come on I want to fuck your cunt and ass. NOW! 
With that he showed his mom his hard 8-inch cock. Bharati saw her sons cock and her mouth watered. She very much wanted his cock inside her every orifice but she had to leave for her office and didnt have much time. 
 Come on son! I have to go to office. You manage with my sisters. Fuck them the way you want. Fuck Bindu and Bhanu but leave me alone for now. Ohhhh I very much want your cock but no time! 
 Hey MOM! You cannot leave me like this. Moving around with a boner in front of my pant. Come on pull up your petticoat and let me fuck your cunt. Ohhh GOD!" 
" Have patience dear son! I want you to ejaculate your come in the Tiffin. I want to mix it with the salad so that I can eat it with my lunch. I want my female coworkers to taste your come. It excites me so much! Fuck me but ejaculate your sperm in the Tiffin. OK? Here, Let me push my petticoat for you. Come here and bang your mothers cunt. Put that big cock of yours there! Come on son! Fuck me!" 
Kartik was excited with his mom's idea of mixing his come in her Tiffin so that her female co-workers could taste it. This made him hot and he immediately went behind his mother and pushed his cock in the valley of her gand (ass). His cock was leaking lots of young juice and was glistening with it. He could not wait for any foreplay but pushed his cock in Bharati's choot (cunt) bending her in standing position. The 8-inch boner went in the soft depths of his mothers cunt upto the hilt. Kartik started to fuck his mother hurriedly as he was very much hot. Bharati moaned in pleasure as her son banged away at her soaking pussy. 
 Ohhh Son! Fuck me! Fuck my cunt! Bang your beautiful cock in my choot. Make me pregnant with your seed. I want your child. Ohhh God! What happened to me? Oohhhhhhhh yes! Aahhhhhhhhhhh! Fuck me! 
yes mom! I am fucking you! You have nice cunt mom. My cock is sliding in and out so easily. Its all wet and slippery! Do you really want my child? Come on mom! Fuck me. Slide your cunt on my cock! Move your buttocks! Ya thats it! Ohhh god your boobs are swaying as you move. Ohhhh They are sooo soft! I want to drink milk from them when you give birth to my child! Ohhhh YES! Fuckkkkkkkkk! 
the couple fucked away and made lots of noise and they awoke. Bhanu and Bindu. Both of them crept out of the bed and came to the kitchen. As they entered the kitchen they saw Bharati and Kartik fucking in earnest. Bharati was bent with her ass high up in the air, clutching the basin tap in her hands for support. Kartik had caught the soft buttocks of his mom and was thrusting his cock in her choot. Both Bhanu and Bindu loved to watch the mother and son fucking and they tooo were hot. Bindu removed her gown and started rubbing her boobs with both hands and looked at the fucking going on.Bhanu too was feling excited and she too threw her gown up and joined her sister for some sucking and licking. Bhanu laid on her back and her sister Bindu quickly caught her luscious boobs as she lay over her. She leaned and started licking Bindus tits and, as she admired the beauties, Bhanu took one of Bindus spiking pink nipples into her mouth and sucked on it feverishly. The soft hips of both girls soon began to writhe anxiously in anticipation. Bindu licked her tongue back and forth on Bhanu's jutting boobs, then started licking her way down to her crotch. 
Kartik saw his two aunts join them and smiled. He pushed hard in to his mothers cunt and murmured,  Ohh Mom ! your sisters are here watching us. They are soo hot and cant wait for my cock. You all are sexy bitches and I am your stud. Ohh God watch them suck eachother. They make me hot! Come on show them how strongly you fuck. Bang at my cock mom! Fuck me harder! Yessss! Thats it! Hey aunty watch us fuck! And suck those dripping cunts of eachother till you cry! Show me how hungry you are! 
"Ohhh! Yes my son! We are hot watching you. Fuck us both after you fuck your mom! We need a hard cock to fill our cunts> Ohh GOD!" Bhanu moaned, wiggling excitedly under Bindus ministrations.Bhanu gazed down into Bindu's wet, pink cunt-slit and buried her face between her kid sister's lithe young thighs and licked her tongue into her cunt. Bhanu's arms circled her sister's waist and Bindu lowered her own pussy to Bhanus mouth. They were now locked into a beautiful sixty-nine licking each other's pussies hornily, getting each other off. Their hot moans filled the room as they sucked themselves to juicy orgasms. Bindu knelt up then and cupped her jutting boobs, breathing rapidly. "Ummm, that was a nice one," she murmured. 
Bhanu writhed on the floor and spread her lovely legs wide. "Do me some more while we watch! See those bastards fucking! Ohh God Bharati! You fuck nicely. Come on fuck your son! Fuck him and make him come in your cunt." she panted. Bindu giggled, "You're a horny bitch too Bhanu!" "Please?" Bhanu pleaded. "I like how you lick me all over. Please, Bindu! I want to come some more. My pussy's so hot." 
Bhanu sighed and gazed hotly as her sister pushed her mouth all over her body ready to please her. She dropped her arms above her head, exposing her taut young tits, signaling Bindu to suck them. She quivered slightly as Bindu gently teased the points of her pink nipples with the tip of her tongue. Bindu leaned over her sister's mouth-watering boobs and licked them up and down with her tongue, making Bhanu wiggle and moan a lot. Then she traced her wet tongue down across Bhanu's belly. 
Bhanu moaned with waves of pleasure that always rushed through her when Bindu was licking her body. Few days before, it had all started the heavy petting and then the incestuous sex with Kartik and Bharati. This was great and everybody enjoyed it. Now Bhanu was spread wide for her sister's tongue, knowing that Bindu liked doing things to her and watching the fucking. As Bindu's tongue licked down toward her hungry twat, she thought of women licking other women. She always thought these things when Bindu was eating her and sometimes even forgot of cocks fucking her. Bhanu closed her eyes and surrendered to whatever her sister wanted to do to her. Bindu always gave her such creamy feelings. She moaned a little when Bindu lifted her mouth away from her cunt to watch Bharati fucking her son, but she didn't complain. 
Bindu crawled up beside Bhanu. She pressed her jutting boobs against Bhanu's taut young ones and scraped her nipples against Bhanu's. Then she licked her tongue into Bhanu's mouth and ran her fingers down along the straining flesh of Bhanu's belly. "I like to feel your cunt," she whispered hotly. Her fingers dipped below Bhanu's soft blonde fur and one gentle finger smoothed between her velvety pussy-lips and stroked her moist cunt-slit. 
"Ohhhh, I like the way you do it," Bhanu shivered. "You're so nice to me. You're the best sister in the world." 
Kartik was about to spill his seed into the waiting cunt of his mother and screamed loudly, Ohhh Mom! I am coming! I am spraying my seed in your twat! Ohhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhhhh! Come on take it! give me a baby! Ohhhhhhh! Ccccoooooooommmmmmiingggggggggg! 
Bharati pushed her ass back to take his spurting cock deep in her cunt so that she may conceive his baby. She too came as her cunt felt his hot seed spray on the walls.  Ohhhh Son! Come in my cunt! Ohh sooooo hot! Come on ejaculate your come in my cunt! OhhhhhAAAh hhhhhhhhhhhh aaarrrraaahhhhh! Ccooooomingggggggggg! 
Both the mother and son came and Bharati lay limp on the floor with Kartik catching his breath and lying next to her. Bhanu watched the pair collapse on the floor with satisfaction. She knew this was ultimate pleasure anybody could have. She wanted them to lie there and watch the show put up by them and so she urged Bindu to make her come fast. 
 Make me come Bindu! I want to lick Bharatis cunt and eat kartiks come. Ohh God! I can see it spilling from her cunt. Ohh Dont waste it sister! Let me taste it while bindu sucks my twat. Ohhhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhhhh Suck it! 
Bharati and Kartik suddenly remembered that they had to mix the sperm in the tiffin! Bharati put her hand to her cunt and collected all the sperm she could. Then she hurried to the kitchen table and put the spunk sperm in the salad. 
 Ohhh Kartik! You forgot to ejaculate into the tiffin! Come here and let me squeeze out come from your cock. I am glad that now my cunt juice is mixed with your come too so that my coworkers will taste it too. Ohhh I can add pussy cream from the cunts of my sisters too. Ohhh they will taste whole family! Its so weird! I love it! 
With this she put Kartiks cock near the tiffin and massaged out more come which dropped into the salad. Then she put the salad tiffin below her cunt and with her fingers took away almost all of the come and mixed it with the food. Bhanu and Bindu watched this and started to lick each others twats hungrily. Bhanu too wanted to mix their cream in the food and she was in hurry to do so. 
Bhanu,  Ohhh God! Bharati! Its such a nice idea! It excites me sooo much that I can hardly control. Ohhhhh God! What your coworkers think if they found out this! I sure know it will smell sperm all over. Hey tell us about it sis! Ohh Bindu push your tongue in my cunttttt and llickk kkk me! Suck my cunt! Ohhhhhhhhh your ass is moving! I think you are going to come, so am I! Ohhhh here let me comeeee with you. 
Bindu was not in a position to talk but ground her pussy on Bhanus mouth and her body stiffened in the throes of orgasm with her sister. Her cunt flooded out copious amount of secretion that fell all over the face of Bhanu. Bhanu too came flooding her cunt with female juice. Bharati brought the tiffin near them and asked them not to drink any of the fluids. Bharati hurried and collected the pussy-cream in the tiffin. She mixed the mixed juices of both male and female sex with her food to share it with her female colleagues. All the family collapsed on the floor with their limbs entangled into eachother 
Bhanu took the sex-tiffin to her Office and lets see what happened in the next chapter V 
Jeevan 
..Continued Chapter V 
 




<Back To Pages>

