The night started like any other night for former "American Idol" runner-up Lauren Alaina.
She was getting ready to put on another performance that was sure to leave everyone in attendance floored at her endless singing abilities, but I had a bit of an ulterior motive for being at her show on this night.
You see, it was no secret by then to me or any of the other guys at the show who lusted after Lauren's new, sexier body and hotter looks that she had a new song out called "Next Boyfriend", or that she picked a guy out of the audience at every show to come up on stage with her while she sang it to him and goofed off with him, often flirtatiously.
Being that Lauren actually had a boyfriend of her own, it would seem as though it was often just "innocent flirting" for the song, since the song itself was a pick-up line.
So I guess you could say that I happened to find myself in the right place at the right time to go further with her when it was my turn to be her "next boyfriend."
Lauren looked particularly hot on this night in a leather jacket, an old, ratty rock and roll t-shirt and a tight par of blue jeans that hugged her ass in just the right spot, so by the time she got to the point in her concert where she sang the song, it was pretty safe to say that every guy in the place wanted her.
But I was the one who she called on stage.
"Hi there. Tell everyone out there your name," she told me as she looked me over, clearly fighting feelings that went beyond just the casual feelings of personable artist-fan relations.
"Lauren, my name's John," I told her as I looked her in the eyes, already feeling a connection with her that I couldn't explain as I waited for her to ask the next question, which I already knew was coming.
"Well John. I have a question for you honey. Can you be my next boyfriend?" she asked me in her sweet-sounding Georgia accent, which had my cock stirring in my pants already as it desperately tried to find a way inside of her jeans.
"Absolutely Lauren," I told her, taking the moment to steal a kiss on her cheek as she started into the song, causing her to jump back in playful surprise.
"Well aren't you just the sweetest thing?" she said to me as the crowd watched on, beginning to sing the song as she encouraged me to dance with her, giving all the other guys at the show a jealous moment when our hips ground together and my crotch dug into her ass, our dancing having gotten a little too carried away due to our obvious attraction to one another.
"Why don't you come stop by the bus and say hi to me after the show John? I do this at every show, but for some reason, I REALLY like you," she whispered as the crowd cheered her performance of the song, pulling me in for one last long hug before sending me back to my seat.
As soon as the show was over, I caught Lauren's eye and saw her wink at me as she smiled and directed me to the backstage area, but as soon as I arrived, I heard shouting coming from her bus that told me now might not be the time.
"It's just harmless fun Alex! It's not like I'm going to sleep with him!" I heard Lauren shout as her boyfriend loudly questioned her about letting guys like me get so close to her every night.
"You practically let him fuck you on stage Lauren! This is getting out of hand! Every night I have to look at you flirt with other guys and it seems like things go further and further every night," he complained, Lauren shouting back at him as I knocked on the door of the bus to let her know I was there.
"If you let him in here we're done Lauren. Cause how do I know you're not letting him on here so he can actually fuck you?" her man questioned her, leading her to scream at him to get off the bus and out of her life.
"JUST GO ALEX! I HATE YOU SO MUCH RIGHT NOW! MAYBE I SHOULD FUCK HIM JUST TO TEACH YOU A LESSON!" she shouted at him before waving me on and going to the bathroom to freshen herself up.
"Lauren? Can I come in?" I asked her through the bathroom door a few minutes later when I heard her crying her eyes out inside of it, just about to leave when she opened the door and invited me inside.
"You don't deserve to see me like this John. You have done nothing wrong," she told me as she gave my arm a squeeze, taking my hand and leading me to the edge of the bed a few feet away.
"And you don't deserve to be with a guy who can't trust you Lauren," I told her, brushing her matted blonde hair out of her face and looking her in the eyes as I kissed her on the lips, losing myself in the moment.
"MMM," she moaned, trying to pull away as I kissed her again, pushing her down on the bed as she began to kiss me back and paw at me, my hands running over her body as she started to give into me.
"Lauren, this only has to go as far as you're comfortable with," I whispered to her as I reached for her shirt and pulled it over her head, getting no resistance from her as I unhooked her bra and started kissing the area between her tits.
"MMM..." she moaned as she ran her fingers through my hair, reaching for my shirt and pulling it over my head as I started to suck on her tits, parting her legs with my hands as I started to make my way between them.
"I'd really love to see your pussy Lauren," I whispered to her as I put two fingers in the belt loops of her jeans and yanked them downward, Lauren arching her back and wiggling her hips to help me dispose of them, gasping audibly when I took her panties with them.
"FUCK that is a hot-looking cunt," I softly said, catching my breath as she pulled me close and finished undressing me.
"I'm gonna teach him a lesson he'll never forget, so you're definitely fucking me tonight baby," Lauren purred as I made out with her, her hips pushing into mine as I ran my dick along her wet, swollen pussy lips.
"I bet you've never had anyone but him inside of you," I teased her as I thrust my hips forward and pushed into her, feeling her pussy wrap around my dick and pull me deeper inside of her as I started to thrust in and out of her.
"N-not till now...OHGOD. Fuck me," she hissed as I drove my hips into hers, her own hips twisting and turning around my dick as I tore up her cunt, her walls clinging to it and pulling on it as she wrapped her arms and legs around me.
"You feel so good Lauren," I softly told her as I kissed her, burying my dick as far into her as I could get it as I started to suck on her tits again.
"OHGOD. Fuck...me...there..." she hissed as my dick hammered into her g-spot, arching her back even higher in the air as she threw her head back and went stiff as a board as she came all over my dick.
"Lauren...if you want me to pull out let me know baby...or else I'm gonna cum inside you..." I whispered through gritted teeth, trying to hold off as long as I could so she could give me an answer.
"Just do it," she hissed, closing her eyes as she arched her back and squeezed her legs around me, moaning when she felt me explode into her, ropes of my cum splashing over her walls as I held it inside of her, completely filling her with it before pulling out of her.
"FUCK that felt amazing. I've always wanted to do that with you," I told her as we made out on the bed in her bus, her legs hanging off the edge of it as we did.
"Let's go back to the room. I don't want him coming back out here looking for us," she whispered as she took my hand and kissed me, both of us throwing on our clothes and rushing off the bud to go back to her hotel room.
"I know what I want to do right now..." Lauren teased me as soon as we got back to her room, closing the door behind her as she hit her knees and freed my dick again, licking her lips as she wrapped them around it and started to suck on it.
"YEAH, you suck that dick Lauren. I can't wait to put it back inside of you later," I hissed as my hands went to the back of her head, gently pushing her down onto my dick as she gobbled up more of it and wrapped her hands around it to hold it in place.
"MMM...FUCK those lips feel good..." I hissed as she continued to work me over, throwing my head back as I fucked her face, pushing my dick to the back of her throat as I felt my balls beginning to swell.
"Gonna cum Lauren. Swallow it all for me baby," I whispered as I drove my hips into her face a few more times, her eyes closing, deep-throating me as I came down her throat.
"Tasty," she teased me as she drank down my cum, running her hands up and down my dick as she finished swallowing it down, kissing the tip of It when she let me start to back it away from her mouth.
"Bend me over and do things to me he never could," she purred as I wrapped my arms around her and bent her over the bed at the waist, running my dick along her pussy lips and her ass cheeks.
"Pussy or ass Lauren?" I lovingly whispered to her, wanting her to be in charge of where things went the rest of the night as she pushed her ass back into my dick.
"Both baby. He's never gotten my ass, you know," she whispered as I pushed my dick back inside of her pussy and started thrusting away, her walls swallowing and taking me deeper inside of her as I sawed my way in and out of her.
"God you look hot with a cock sliding in and out of you," I teased her as I pounded her snatch, her head snapping back as she screamed my name and begged me to fuck her harder.
"FUCK...fuck me. OHGOD, there," she hissed when my dick slid into her g-spot again, her hands ripping at the bed sheets as she threw her ass back into my hips.
"Gonna cum for me again, aren't you?" I teased her as she threw her head back once more and went limp as she pushed her hips back into mine one last time.
"YES, YES, YES. OHGOD YES," she shouted as loud as she could, her walls clenching down on my dick as she shot a fresh load of her cream all over it.
"FUCK. Cumming Lauren," I whispered as I unloaded into her cunt again, firing off round after round of my seed deep into her pussy as she brought her hips back into mine, a full load of my sticky cum filling her until I pulled out of her.
"Come on baby. I need to leave early in the morning. So fuck my ass already," she teased me as she bent back over the bed, wiggling her ass as I slid my dick along her ass cheeks and pushed into her anal opening.
"FUCK its tight back here. Even more than your pussy was," I moaned, trying to catch my breath as I grabbed her hips and started thrusting into her ass, her anal ring pulling and squeezing on my dick as she drove her hips back into mine.
"OHGOD YES. Fuck my ass," she moaned, throwing her head back as she clawed at the bed sheets in front of her and started to go limp, signifying another earth-shattering orgasm was about to hit her soon.
"Cum for me baby. There's so much more I wish I could do with you," I whispered to her as I grabbed her hips and used them to propel myself into her ass, her anal walls milking them for all they were worth as she threw her head back one more time and came, a few spurts of her cum running down her legs as I shot my load into her bowels.
"FUCK YES," she moaned as my cum filled her ass, her body rocking from head to toe as I spewed my seed into her, finally pulling out of her when I had nothing left to give her, both of us collapsing onto the bed after I did.
"Dump him Lauren. You could do so much better," I told her as we made out on the bed in her room, her legs still hooked into mine as both us recovered.
"You're better in bed then he is anyway John," she teased me as she pulled me in for another kiss, our bodies entangling once again before cooler heads prevailed.
"And I guess I should probably come clean about that whole thing. I've been using that part of my show to find a new boyfriend, but you're the only one I ever had an attraction to," she confessed to me, grabbing my phone and putting her number into it as both of us got dressed.
"I told you I could be your next boyfriend Lauren. Maybe you should take me on the road with you," I told her as I turned to go, seeing her respond by spinning me around and kissing me as she wrapped me in her arms.
"You've got yourself a deal," she whispered, pulling me back into bed with her as we drifted off to sleep, eager to start our new lives together.