Kristine and Friends Naked Around Town
by Naked City

I so was in a mischevious mood. It was the weekend, and I didn't have a whole lot of homework. I decided to call some friends over to my house for a little party.
"Hey, girlie! Wanna have some fun this weekend?", I asked Ann.
"Sure! Are we going on a flashing trip?", she asked back.
"I'll bet we can swing some flashing", I replied.
Welcome to my strange little neck of the woods. My family, all five of us, are nudists. Oh, don't worry. Our friends know we are nudists, even though they don't always join in. And we've been known to flash our various body parts around our hometown of Aubrey. My dad, Peter, and his penis have been making regular appearances since he was a kid in the late 70s. My mom, Cathy, met him during college on a night when he was streaking with his buddies. She took her clothes off and joined them. They've been together since, and produced my older sister, Donna, myself, and my younger brother, Steven. And you know the family that flashes together stays together. Okay, that's weak.
Anyway, some of my friends know I'm a nudist and exhibitionist. I've been friends with Ann for a long time. She likes to be naked at my house. And I think she's very pretty in the buff. My brother thinks she's got a hot body. Anyway, Ann and I are meeting some of our friends from our middle school and seeing who we can convert.
Leanna arrived first.
"Hey, Kris-...", she says with a slight pause.
"Hey, Leeanna, come on in!", I say.
"But, Kristine ... you're ... uh..."
"Naked?", I ask.
"Yeah", she replies.
"My entire family is a nudist family. And there's more girls than guys. I'm the last one to be getting boobs."
"Oh, okay. Do I have to be naked?", she asks.
"No, it's up to you", I tell her. I hear the doorbell ring, and answer it. "Hey, Ann! Hi, sweetie."
"Hey there, Kristine! Hey, Leanna!"
"Hi, Ann. Are you going to get naked?", Leanna asks.
"Not yet. We're gonna have a little fun before I get totally naked", Ann answers.
"Uh oh. Should I ask what kind of fun we might have today?", Leanna questions.
"Well, I'll tell you once everyone gets here. I also invited Sandra and Alyssa over", I reply.
"Okay", Leanna says.
"In the meantime, I do need to get some clothes on." I go back to my room and pick out a short white skirt, and a turquoise colored blouse. I put them on and come back out to the living room.
"Oh, a great outfit, Kristine!", Leanna says.
Hehehe. I flip up my skirt. Leeanna looks surprised to see me without any underwear.
"No panties, Kristine?", she wonders.
"Nah, I hate wearing panties", I reply. "Not even at school. That's why I wear longer skirts and pants. My sister, Donna, doesn't wear bras, and only wears panties during her period."
"Oh really?", Leanna asks.
"Yep", I say with a big grin. The doorbell rings again.
"Hi, Kristine!", says the young girl.
"Hey, Sandra! Come on in!", I say.
"Looking very cute today!", she says to me.
"Thanks!" The doorbell rang one more time.
"Who else is coming?", Sandra asks.
"Alyssa is the last one", I reply.
"Nice, Kristine! I like Alyssa", says Leanna.
"Well, I like all of you. Otherwise, you wouldn't be here sharing this experience with me."
"That's true", says Sandra.
I go to the door and open it for Alyssa. After greeting her, I invite her to join the rest of us. We chat around for a bit. Finally, Mom comes into the living room.
"Hey, girlies!", says Mom.
"Hi, Mrs. Whitley!", Leanna and Sandra say.
"Wow, Kristine and Ann! You ladies sure know how to pick some cuties", Mom mentions.
"Oh thank you, Mrs. Whitley", says Leanna.
"Well, I want to start by saying welcome! Kristine has told me a lot about you all. Obviously, she feels very comfortable being around you to even invite you here. Our family is a little different than yours. We're actually nudists."
"Nudists?!", asks Alyssa.
"Yes, we're nudists. At home, we usually don't wear any clothes. The exception might be if Donna or I are having our period. And even then, it's only underwear. But we don't always stay home. So when we do, we wear clothes. Everyone does go commando though, even the men. They don't own any underwear", Mom replies.
"Dang!", says Alyssa.
"On many trips out, we bring a camera and flash a boob or a pussy in front of a building or something. Sometimes, we flash for someone. The gals in town like when Peter and Steven go out and expose their penises", Mom says.
"Wait a sec. How old is her brother?", asks Leanna.
"Steven is 9", says Mom.
"How long has he been doing this?", Leanna askes.
"Several years", Mom answers.
"And how about you, Kristine?", Alyssa asks.
"Well, I've been a nudist all my life. I became a flasher when I was about four." I flash my pussy for the group.
"You're unafraid to show your kitty", says Alyssa.
"I love showing my kitty", I reply.
Ann reaches under her skirt and pulls off her panties in front of everyone. She spins it in her hands before dropping it on the floor. Then she proudly pulls up her shirt above her little breasts and her skirt.
"Wow, Ann! Nice!", says Sandra.
"Love it, Ann!", I say to my friend.
"So anyway, what my family does, and sometimes Ann comes long, is we go out into the city and flash for the camera. Sometimes it's just a butt, or kitty. Other times, we strip completely naked", Mom says.
"Does that mean we will?", Leanna asks.
"Well, it's up to you if you want to show anything. If you want to be topless in a picture, then go ahead. If you want to moon the camera, meaning turning your bottom to the camera, then you can. If you want to show your kitty, then show your kitty", Mom answers.
"And where do you go to do this?", Leanna wants to know.
"Well, we go to the grocery store, local restaurants, Home Depot, Lowes, Michaels, and some car repair places. All the big name places you've heard of. We go out and have a little fun", Mom replies.
"Really?", Leeanna asks as she unexpectedly pulls up her t-shirt, exposing her belly button and pink nipples on a chest beginning to change.
"Nice tummy, Leeanna!", says Mom.
"Love your tummy! Your little boobies look great, too", I say.
"Thanks, girls", she says as she pulls her shirt back down.
"Well, wait a second. What do you think of mine?", Sandra asks as she pulled her shirt up, showing off her milk chocolate tummy, and small light brown boobs."
"I love it, Sandra, especially your little inbetweenie", I say.
"Inbetweenie?", Sandra asks.
"Yeah, that's what type of belly button you have", I reply.
"Oh, okay. I like my belly button", said Sandra.
"I love your tummy", said Leanna.
"Well, gosh, I don't want to get left out. So here goes", said Alyssa, exposing her tummy and small boobs.
"Ahh, yes! I like it", I tell her while poking her belly button. Alyssa smiles and laughs. "Okay, so..."
"Well, before we go...", my mom interrupts. She pulls up her blouse, revealing her 38C boobs with big red areas around her nipples. Mom calls them areolas. She's also got one of the best mommy tummies I've seen.
"Oh, Mrs. Whitley! You look awesome!", said Sandra.
"Yes!", said Alyssa.
"Thanks, girls! I figured if you all are showing off your chests, I'd show you mine. Okay, so are you ready to go have some fun?", she asks as she drops her shirt back down.
"Yes!", says Leeanna. I know she's the beauty of the bunch, and I swear she's such a goody two shoes. I wonder if she wil get a little dirty with us.
"I'm ready!", says Alyssa.
"Me, too!", says Sandra.
"Okay, I've got a camera. Let's head out", I say.
We all get in the van. I sandwich myself in the backseat between Leanna and Sandra, while Alyssa sits in front of us. Mom, drives, of course. The first place we go to is to the local Jiffy Lube. Mom needs to get an oil change. But it also allows us to entertain the workers while they work on our car. There's another customer, a gentlemen, waiting inside the lobby. The attendant smiles as he see us pull up.
"Hey, Cathy!", says the attendant.
"Hi, John!", says Mom.
"What are ya in fer?", John wonders.
"Well, I need an oil change. Oh, and Kristine and Ann brought some new friends along", she replies.
"Hi there!", Leanna says.
"Hi!", says Alyssa.
"A couple of cuties I see. Pull on up and you can entertain us."
Mom guides the van into the work area, and parks it. We all get out and head into the lobby area.
"Hey, Cathy and Kristine!", the guy at the counter says.
"Hey there, Marvin!", Mom replies.
"Come to show off today?", Marvin asks the girls.
"Yep, and we brought along some new girls. Meet Sandra, Leanna, and Alyssa", I reply.
"Well, howdy, girls!", Marvin greets the girls.
"Hi there!", says Leanna.
"Welcome to Jiffy Lube. I know Cathy and Kristine, and sometimes Ann, like to flash for us." Sandra unfastens and unzips her jeans. She pushes them to the floor, then pulls up her t-shirt. "Nice!"
"Thanks!", Sandra says appreciatively.
"I like her. You have more?", asked the man who was sitting in the lobby.
"Sure!", I said to the man. Mom and I pull off our shirts, and remove our skirts. While I, of course, have a bare kitty, Mom has a little brown landing strip matching her hair.
"Damn! I feel like I died and went to heaven! Can have a picture of you?", he asks.
"Sure!", I say. The man takes a picture of Mom and I on his cell phone. Then he hands off the phone to Mom to get a picture with me.
"How about a picture with me, sir", Leanna says as she unfastens and unzips her pants and pushes them and her panties to the floor. Then she pulls her shirt off. Sandra takes her shirt off as well. Ann removes her shirt and skirt.
"Damn! Yes!", he says. Mom takes the picture of the man with a naked Leanna and a naked Sandra.
"Alyssa, you're the only one left who hasn't taken it off", says Mom.
"Oh, I don't think he wants to see me naked", she says.
"What's your name, lovely lady?", asks the man.
"Alyssa", she says.
"Alyssa. That's a pretty name. I look at you, and regardless of your body type, I think you'd look great naked."
"Thank you, sir. Are you sure you'd like this?", she asks as she pulls up her blouse.
"You bet!", he says. Alyssa hesitates but then unfastens and unzips her pants, and pushes them and her underwear down. She then removes her blouse completely.
"Hey, girls, slip your shoes off then get your pants off. We're going to walk around and chit chat with the guys."
Sandra, Leanna, and Alyssa get their pants and underwear completely off, then put their shoes back on. Now all six ladies are naked except for their socks and shoes. The mechanics there regularly see me, Mom, and Ann in the buff. They keep several cameras there for our naked appearances. Two of the mechanics are with Sandra, Leanna, and Alyssa.
"Hi there! I'm Bobby and this is Chris."
"Howdy, little ladies."
"Hi there."
"I swear Cathy keeps bringing us angels. You guys look great. Can we have pictures with you all?"
"Sure!", says Leanna. She, Alyssa, and Sandra pose with Bobby while Chris takes the picture. Then Leanna turns around with her butt to the camera. Bobby puts a hand on her right cheek. Chris takes the picture as well.
Bobby and Chris trade places. Chris then gets in the middle of the three girls. He stands next to Sandra and rubs her tummy, as Bobby takes the picture of the four of them. Then the three girls turn around and moon the camera, while Chris put his hands on Leanna and Sandra's rear ends.
Mom, Ann, and I are standing by the van with Jeff and Brian. As usual, they have to have pictures of us, and we don't disappoint them. Mom says they keep copies of our flashing pictures on their computer. Anyway, we line up with Jeff in between me and Mom. Brian takes a picture. Then he requests a picture of our bare butts. Of course, we can't pass that up. So, the three of us turn our butts to the camera and let Brian take the picture.
Then Brian says, "Hang on a second." I later find out why. Brian takes a close up picture of each of our butts. He takes Mom first, then me, and finally Ann. I don't think I've ever seen a close-up of my bottom before. I like it though. Then Jeff takes pictures of his own with the three of us and Brian.
The mechanics return to their jobs and we go back inside.
"Okay, girls, time to get dressed. Oh and Alyssa. Leanna, and Sandra, leave your undies off. I'll put them in my purse. Just put your pants on." The girls hand their panties over to mom. As she said, she puts them in her purse.
We get our clothes back on and mom pays for the oil change. Then we all pile back in. After getting our seatbelts back on, Leanna decides to unfastend unzip her jeans. She pulls the flaps down, exposing her kitty lips.
"You must be loving all the flashing", Mom says.
"I know. I wasn't sure I'd like it. I mean. I go to church. Alyssa and I go to the same Sunday school class", says Leanna.
"Oh, you and Alyssa go to the same church?", I ask.
"Okay, girls, how about we head to McDonalds?", Mom asks us.
"That's a great idea, Mom!", I say.
"Yeah. And we'd never seen each other naked until today", Leanna replies to my question.
"Oh, which church is that?", I wonder.
"Castle Rock Baptist", Alyssa replies.
"Oh a Baptist church! I wouldn't have thought of it. Mom and I are Catholic. I know Ann is Presbyterian. We've actually flashed in Ann's church."
"And I'm Catholic, too", says Sandra.
"And I'll bet you've not shown your bits there, Sandra", I say
"Nope! Hadn't thought of it", she says.
I pull up my skirt, showing off my kitty to Leanna and Alyssa. Alyssa pulls her shirt abover her deep belly button and loosens her jeans. Soon both of our Baptist girls are showing off their vaginas.
"Alyssa, you were the one that had the most reservations about nudity. How are you liking it so far?", I ask her.
"I'm liking it very much. Thanks to you and Leanna", Alyssa replies.
"Oh, Alyssa, honey. Thank you for coming. I'm having a lot of fun being naked, Kristine. Thanks for inviting me", says Leanna.
"Okay, everyone! We're here. Zip up your jeans! We're going in!", says Mom.
Leeanna and Alyssa zip their jeans up and I pull my skirt back down. We all get out, head on into the restaurant, and on up to the counter.
"Oh look who's here! Cathy and Kristine!", says the young man.
"Yeah! Hey, Nick! How are you?", asks Mom.
"I'm doing great. I see you brought several friends with you", Nick says.
"I did. There's Ann. She flashes with me and Mom. And I have three new flashers. They are Alyssa, Sandra, and Leeanna", Mom says proudly.
"Damn! I better get your order in. I'd love to see all of you."
We give him our orders, and in a few minutes get our food. We find a booth big enough for the six of us and start eating our lunch. As Sandra eats her Big Mac, she gets the urge to flash. She pulls up her shirt and fixes it so it hangs above her budding breasts.
"Oh, Sandra! That's a great idea! Let's take off our shirts!", I say. We all remove our shirts, and enjoy a public meal topless.
One of their other employees, Danielle, came out to talk to us.
"Hey, girlies!", she says.
"Hey there, Danielle!"
"Good to see you. God, can I say I just love how you girls go around in public naked, and don't care who looks?", she asks. Nick comes to the table as well.
"Thanks, Danielle", I say.
"Do you think I can get a picture with you all?", she asks.
I sit thinking about it. I look at her and think she's got a flasher body. I say, "Sure, Danielle. But you know what, I think you should do it naked."
"Naked? Me? Surely, you're got to be kidding", Danielle tells us.
"No, not at all. You have a perfect body for flashing", Mom says.
"Dani, I work with you all the time. And I think she's right. I think under that McDonalds uniform is a hot woman looking for a chance to get out", says Nick.
"Oh my God, Nick? Do you really think that?", Danielle asks.
"I do." He pulls up her uniform shirt abover her pierced belly button.
"Nick, I agree with you", I say.
"Danielle, how often do you get naked in public?", I ask.
"Never!", Danielle says.
"Well, Nick's here. He's going to get naked with us. And he's the manager", I say.
Nick takes the cue and takes his shirt off and removes his pants and underwear. We get up from the table and drop our pants and skirts. Nick gets in the middle, between me and Ann. Mom and Sandra are on my end, while Ann has Leanna and Alyssa on her end. Nick's penis is hard from the naked female skin around him. Danielle is surprised by how big it is. She gets a couple of pictures of the group. Then we turned around for a mass mooning.
"Seven rear ends!", Danielle shouts. She takes the picture. Nick quickly gets his clothes back on.
"Okay, Danielle, your turn", I say.
"You still sure?", she asks.
I undo her pants and pull them down with her underwear. "I'm very sure. Pull your shirt and your bra up, and have a little fun with us." Danielle joins us in the picture, exposing all of her girly parts, including her B cup boobs. I put a hand on her tummy below her boobs while Ann put a hand just above belly button. Nick takes the picture then has us turn around.
"He wants to see my bare rear end?", Danielle asks.
"Sure! It looks great!", says Nick.
"Okay", she says and turns with us. Nick takes the picture. Everyone quickly dresses and almost not fast enough. Another female customer arrives at the counter just after we sit back down.
"Oh my gosh! I didn't realize how much fun it is to flash until that. He had a real nice thing there. And she looked great", Leanna says.
"I was gonna say, Leanna. They both were hot", I say.
"Is there somewhere we can go where we can get naked for a long period of time?", Leanna asks.
"In public?", I wonder.
"Sure!", Leanna replies.
"Leanna, you're crazier than I ever thought you were", Alyssa says.
"Alyssa, you can't tell me you haven't enjoyed stripping in public. I mean, right here in a McDonalds", says Leanna.
"True. I actually like flashing", Alyssa says.
"Maybe you and I should have some fun adventures getting naked in public", Leanna says to her friend.
"Maybe so", says Alyssa.
"There's a forest near the house that has some trails we can walk naked", Mom says.
"Oh, that sounds great, Mrs. Whitley", Leanna says.
"Oh, call me Cathy, girls", Mom says.
"Okay, Cathy", says Leanna.
"Are we ready? Does anyone need to go to the restroom?", asks Mom.
"I gotta go!", I say.
Leanna says, "Me too!"
"Come on", I tell her.
"Can I come along?", asks Alyssa.
"Sure!"
I get the camera from Mom and go to the ladies restroom with Leeanna and Alyssa. I lock the door.
"Okay, girls. I'm going to show you how a flasher goes to the toilet. First, they get naked." I take my clothes off. "Then we hover over the toilet a bit. That way, when the pee comes out, the camera picks it up. Here, Leeanna. Take the picture."
I get near the toilet and check my aim. Then I go. Leanna takes a full picture of me going. Then she takes a closeup from my belly button on down showing the pee coming out of my hole. The two smile as they watch. Then as I finish, they both strip down. Alyssa is the next to go. I get some pictures of her body and pee stream. She gets dressed when she finishes. Leeanna goes next.
"This is really strange. Alyssa, if you told me you were going to see me naked and going to the bathroom last Sunday, I'd have thought you were weird", says Leanna.
"That's true. But you do look very nice naked", says Alyssa.
"Thanks, Alyssa."
I take pictures of Leanna as she pees. When she finishes she and I get dressed and leave the restroom.
"Did you get plenty of pee pictures, Kristine?", Leanna asks.
"Of course! I'll show them later", I say.
"Okay, well let's get in and head to the woods", Leanna tells us.
We get up and put away our trash. Then we head out the door, waving bye to Nick and Danielle, and pile into the van. As we head to the forest, we all remove our skirts and pants, keeping our shirts on for the drive. Once we arrive, we find a place to park. We take our shirts off. Mom brings her purse and the camera., and off we go for a nude walk.
I grab the camera and, as we walk, take pictures of us walking in the buff. Sandra and Leanna are loving the walk. I take pictures of their sunkissed bottoms. Alyssa walks with me and Ann. Mom walks behind all of us, taking in the sights of the five naked young girls in front of her. We go down a trail, find a big tree and pose by it. Mom takes the picture for us, then trades places with me. Ann poses with her hand rubbing on Mom's belly. I take the picture.
"Damn, I gotta pee, girls", says Mom.
"Me, too, Cathy", says Sandra.
"Okay, everyone else go over by Kristine. Sandra and I need some room", Mom says. "Okay, Sandra, bend your knees a little bit. And let go!"
Both Mom and Sandra begin peeing, and I take a couple pictures each of them going. Mom smiles at us while she pees. When they finish, we continue walking down the trail. We come to a little pond within the forest. Mom and Ann get in the lake for a skinny dip. The rest of us wade in before taking a naked swim. Leeanna seems to be taking to skinny dippig very well, like flashing. Anyway, we swim in the buff for about ten minutes before moving along the trail. We make one more pit stop for Ann, and I take pictures of her peeing. As we turn around and head back to the van, Leeanna has her arm around Alyssa and rubbing her rear end. Hmmm ... she may not be as straight of an arrow as I think. But maybe it's nothing. Anyway, we enjoy the walk in the forest for about an hour. But we're ready to go on.
"Okay, girlies! Get decent for the trip home."
We slip our shirts on as mom drives us back to my house. As soon as we arrive, we notice that Dad's car was home from his morning trip with Donna and Steven. We get out of the van naked and go inside to see everyone.
There they are, also naked. Donna looks so great with her breasts. I hope mine get to be that size. Of course, because we are a nudist family, I see my dad's penis all the time, as well as Steven's. And they're each a nice size.
They carry their own camera, and show their pictures of their shopping trip to the local Home Depot. Donna flashes her boobs in one picture in the aisles. Steven let his penis loose in the next picture. In one picture, they're both stark naked by a bathroom display. Then Peter shows off his pecker for the camera. He even poses with a lady customer while his woody is exposed. We look at the rest of their pictures. Apparently, Steven has to go to the restroom, and so in a few of them, he shoots his pee out to the urinal. The ladies love that.
Anyway, so we show our pictures. They love our pictures in the forest and McDonalds. Dad and Steven also love that the new girls agreed to get naked so quick. I'm so glad I found more friends who love to get naked. I can't wait for more adventures with them.
