Bobs Story 9 

By JSR



The author in no way believes that any man, woman, or child should be violated or abused. This story is written as adult entertainment, and should be read by only those over 18 years old. 

This story may contain some or all of the following: Nudity, Voyeurism, Exhibitionism, MF, Mf, Fm, inc. Rape, Oral. Group sex, bg, bbg, BBg, Gbb, MMF, Mff, MFF. 



PC and Bob were setting in their new office at the Elementary school building. Their secretary had not yet been hired, so PC was keeping notes.

Bob asked, PC why are we starting with the 6th grade, instead of kindergarten? PC answered, If we start with kindergarten, it will take 12 years to get everyone involved. By starting with the 6th grade, next year we will have not only the 6th, but the 7th will already be involved. At this point we can then start the kindergarten. Now we will be advancing twice as fast.

I guess that it makes sense to do it that way. Have you gotten the letters ready for the parents, and an idea of what we will say at the meeting just before school starts? asked Bob. Yes, the letter will read just as we talked about, and we will use that plus questions from the parents at the meeting. All in all, I am sure we are ready on that front. I do hope we have our secretary by then so that he/she can record the meeting. I want to be able to say later on that we spelled out the whole program to the parents. We do not want them to come back later and say we lied to them or hid something from them. Also we still need the construction of the doorways that you suggested, but I have been assured that it will be done in time for school to start.

Two days before the program for the parents, Miss Jackie Stone was hired as the secretary for PC and Bob. While she was not a top of the class student at secretarial school, she was picked for some of her other activities, and her attitude. Bob was completely impressed by her interview. He asked her, If I hired you, and then said I wanted you to work in the nude, would you object? Her answer was, If it meant I would keep my job, then yes I would do so. Bob also read her mind, and she had thought, I have always had a thought of being nude in front of a lot of people, so why not.

She told Bob that for dictation, she preferred to use a recording, so that she could always check on what was being said, later. Bob thought that was a good idea, and said, How would that work where we are talking to an audience, and wanted their questions so we could refer to them later? She said, Just have a mike jack that will also go to the recorder, and it will work fine.

Bob then told her to be at the elementary school at 0830 in the morning and ask the first adult she sees where she can find Bob or Mrs. Benson. She asked him, Is there a dress code? He responded, Just wear comfortable clothing, and you will be all right.

Jackie arrived at about 0815, and quickly found the office. She knocked on the door, and a female voice said, Its open, come in. She opened the door, and walked in. She had turned to close the door, and when she turned back around, there was PC and Bob nude. She muttered must be the wrong office. and started to go out, when Bob said, Jackie, this is the right office. We are wearing our working clothing. Nothing is going on like your mind is imagining. When she turned back toward them, her face was bright red, and she stammered, What IS going on? PC said, We will explain all. Just put your bag in this desk. It is yours. Settle your self in, and then knock on this door. We will then explain what you want to know.

Five minutes later, Jackie knocked on the door, and was told to come in. Once inside, she said, Mrs. Benson, Mr. Cooky, will you explain just what kind of a job I took. I think it is highly unusual to find nude teachers in an elementary school. I went to this school as a child, and never heard of anyone being nude here.

PC said, First, Jackie, sit down. You are right in that this is highly unusual. You are now part of a NEW way of teaching. First and foremost, you answer to only Bob, and myself, whom you may call PC. Anything that happens in these offices, stays here. You will refer any and all questions about what we do or say to either Bob or myself. Are you clear on this so far? Jackie said, I think so, I answer to only you two, and tell no one what goes on in the office.

Bob said, This program we are about to tell you about, is NEW. This will be the first year, and I am sure we will have some hiccups. Again, you will only talk about them to us. We call this program SAP. That is short for Sexual Awaking Program. In a nut shell, we are starting a program that when it gets going good, ALL of our school kids, and their teachers will be nude at all times. That means even when not at school. Does that make sense to you?

PC said, The why of it, will be explained at a meeting with the parents of the 6th grade class, next week. That will take place the day before school starts. Your job then will be to record everything that is said by myself, Bob, and any of the parents that ask questions. The transcription will then be put in letter form, with NO to line. Where that report goes from here, is of no concern to you. Just make sure it is accurate. Yes, mam, and what am I to do until that meeting? Asked Jackie.

First off, I am only mam or Mrs. Benson, when there are other people within hearing, other wise I am PC, and he is Bob. We are going to be very informal, as you can see. As to how you should dress. Dress to be comfortable. If you decide to come to work topless, it is all right. If you decide to come nude, that is also ok. Dress to fit your self and how you feel. I will say that since we are on the floor with the 6th graders, you will be using the restroom for them, and it is coed. Just do not freak out when a boy come in and sees you doing what ever you are doing in there. Yes mam. Errr PC. said Jackie.

One other thing, said Bob, You will be more of a receptionists than a secretary, but your job en tales both. Now, I am going to see how they are doing on the door mod. I hope it is done in time. PC said, Why dont you take Jackie with you so she can get familiar, again, with the school, and start to see what we are doing. Bob said, Good idea. Jackie, lets go.

In the outer office, Jackie asked Bob, You seem to be quite young. You seem more like a high school student that someone running a school program. He answered her by saying, You are quite prescriptive, as a matter of fact, I was going into my senior year this year, but PC was able to get me tested and a high school diploma, along with a two year collage degree in child physiology. She was my councilor last year. She must have thought an awful lot of you to do that. What is her husband like?

Bob replied, Do not say anything about him. She lost her marine in the middle east. She also has 3 kids. I am sorry, I did not know said Jackie. Bob answered, I know you did not, thats why I am telling you about her. She is a wonderful lady, and I think the world of her kids. Ah we are here now. If you remember from you days here, the girls and boys restrooms are next to each other, with a wall separating them. What we have done, is to seal off the door to the girls restroom, and take down the sign. The boys restroom has been renamed to restroom. Lets go in and see if they are done inside. 

Jackie got red in the face, and I said, Unless the workmen are still in there, it is just you and I. Nothing to be upset about, as you will be going in this door when ever you have the need to use the restroom. Bob ushered her inside, and stopped just inside the door. He looked to his right and said, Oh that looks good, indicating the open doorway into the old girls room. He then said, This year all the 6th grade students regardless of their sex, will come through this door. You can see in this room, that all the doors on the stalls have been removed. It is the same in there (pointing to the doorway). One thing new for the girls, will be the urinals. The nude girls can use them similar to a boy, they just have to spread their legs a little, get over top of the protrusion, and pee standing up. Bob moved over to another urinal, and started using it. He said, Why dont you try it. It will be interesting to see if I am right about it.

Jackie giggled, and said, But I am dressed. Bob said, Take your panties off and try it. She looked at Bob with a nervous twitch in her eye, and Bob said, I see PCs pussy all day long, seeing yours will not be much different. Besides, you have been eying my cock ever since you got here. Jackie very timidly reached under her skirt and pulled her panties down and stepped out of them. She then raised her skirt up to her waist, stepped forward a little and started peeing in the urinal. Once she was done, she took her panties and put them in the waste receptacle, and said I guess I dont need them any more.

Bob took Jackie back to the office, and told her to check with PC to see if there was anything she could help with. He said, Tell her I will be in the Auditorium, setting it up for our presentation.

Bob decided to go with three desks, and 6 mikes. The desk on the far stage left, would be for Jackie, and the recording equipment, and a mike. On far stage right, would be Bobs desk, with mike, and half way from stage center, to Bobs desk would be PCs desk with mike. The fourth mike would be on a stand at stage center, and at the foot lights, which would not be on. This would be the mike we used for the presentation. The others were in case a question came in for one of us that was at a desk. Also, the front mike would be used by the school principal to introduce us, before he went and sat in the audience. Up to this point, he would only know what we had sent to the parents, as it had to go out over his signature. The last two mikes would be for the audience to use, later.

Finally the evening for the presentation came. Parents came early, trying to find out what was going on, but were told that no one really knew anything except the people who would be on the stage for the presentation. Some were very disappointed, because they knew the principal, and thought he could save them the time setting and listening.

Once the time to start got here, the principal got up on the stage, and took the mike, and asked for quiet. He then said, Parents, and I see a few students here also, I only know what you know. This presentation will be made by those who are in charge of this project. At this point, the curtain opened for the people to see what was on stage. While it was not dark, there were no lights shining on any of the three people on stage.

The principal then said, Let me introduce those on stage. First on your right, is Jackie Stone, a former student here. She is here to record every word that is said. Now on your far left, is Bob Cooky. Again Bob was a student here. He is the second in command in this organization. To his left is Mrs. Angora Benson. She is the one in charge of this program. I will now turn the proceedings to her. With that he went back to his seat in the audience.

When PC got up and headed for the mike, the noise of the people, surprised by her being totally nude, was very loud. At the mike, she said, Please quiet down, I know you have all seen nude people before, even if it was only your spouse. She waited for a couple of minutes until things got quiet, and then said, I am Angora Benson. Most people call me PC. It was a nickname my husband gave me. My mom loved cats, and I was named for the Angora breed. My late husband, a marine killed in the middle east, started calling me pussy cat, and then shortened it to PC. I have three wonderful children. A daughter in 10th grade, and twin boys in 7th grade. Some of you might have seen them last year here. Someone shouted, I remember the Benson twins, they were nice boys.

PC said, Thank you for saying that, I appreciate it very much. I am now going to introduce my partner in crime, and then we will begin. Bob, your turn at the mike.

At the mike, Bob said, As PC said, you have seen nude people before so please keep it down. Once the presentation starts, you will see why we are nude. As you have been told I am Bob Cooky. I did indeed attend this school. I have lived my whole life in this town. Many of the children know me, as I have tried to be a champion in helping them with school, and any problems they might have. I love the kids, and I hope they feel the same about me. I get very upset when a child is mistreated, or intentionally hurt. Someone shouted out, Shouldnt you be a Senior in high school this year?

Bob answered, Up until shortly after school was out, last spring, I was prepared to be just that. However, someone upstairs must like me, because I was give a great opportunity. I was offered the chance to take a test that would give me my Diploma, if I passed with a high enough score. Needless to say I took the chance and passed it. I have my diploma with me if anyone needs to see it. Next, I was given the opportunity to take another test at the Junior Collage, and it was for a degree in child physiology. Again I was able to pass it high enough that I was awarded my degree.

While all of this was happening to me, PC was somewhere with high government officials, and learned about this program. She was then put in charge of it. She thought enough of me to ask me to be her assistant. I have never meet or corresponded with anyone above PC. She is the only one who knows where our reports go, and please do not ask her. She is sworn to secrecy, and she, and I take that very seriously. Now back to PC.

PC said, Bob certainly deserved the chance he was given, and I know he will be a big asset not only to me, but to your children as well. Now some back ground before we get to the program its self. Many of you may have seen the reports in the news the last few years about how this country has had a larger than normal amount of sex crimes and rapes. Several studies have been made comparing us to other countries. One of the out comes is that this country has the least amount of sexual training of almost any other one in the world. Take NUDITY for example. In this country there are some nudist areas, mostly where no one can get to them easily. Nude beaches are few and far between. We teach our girls that even seeing a boys penis is a sin, and that they have to hide there breasts, nipples, ass and pussies from any boy or man, even their own fathers, and brothers.

This program is designed to start counteracting that trend. For some reason, which I was not told, our school system was picked to be the first to change that trend. And they will be watching us closely. It was my decision to start with the 6th graders. I could have started with the kindergarten kids, but that just did not seem right. So the program will go like this: This year the 6th grade. Next year kindergarten, 6th and 7th grade. The following year will be K. 1st, 6th, 7th and 8th. I think you can see the progression. Now as to just what is going to be instituted:

First. All children in the 6th grade will no longer wear clothing, except for shoes and socks. This means no matter where they are or what they are doing. If they are in a sport, say like basket ball, an authentic supporter must be worn. We do not want any accidents that way. Now in school, they will all use the same restroom, showers etc. They will all be in the same gym class, and do the same things. Some will come from the girls, and some from the boys programs. This will be left up to the phys ed teachers. Now in the class rooms, they will be seated boy, girl, boy. Etc In the case that there are more of one sex than the other in a class, the extra kids will be placed where they are next to at least one of the opposite sex. The class room studies will be the same as they have always been. Now Bob will take over for a short while.

Bob said, Thank you PC. The kids in the program, will all use the same restrooms, and shower rooms. Things have been modified to make that easy for them. Next week, we should have in our ID bracelets. These are a fluorescent Green color. Once the bracelets are put on, they cannot be taken off, except by experts. These are to identify that they are in this program, and any place in the country they go, it will protect them from the so called blue laws. They, and you as their parents cannot be harassed or arrested as long as they have the bracelets on. That is why they cannot be taken off, even by accident.

Another thing, and this will be strictly followed, We will not allow any harassment by other students. By that I mean, if a boy has a smaller than average penis, being harassed by boys with larger ones, can hurt the child mentally very badly. It will not be tolerated. By the same token, girls will not be harassed for the size of/or lack of breasts. The same policy for pubic hair, scrotum size etc. Punishment for these offenses, will get harder each time it is the same person doing the harassment. It will start with a letter home. Next time, will be a days suspension from school. If it goes on long enough that person just might have to repeat the 6th grade again next year, even if he/she has good grades. Continued breaking of the rules, indicates an anti social attitude, which dictates that the child is not ready for the next grade.

If your child is having a problem with harassment, or just shy about being nude, have them come and see either me or PC. PC, being a mother has a lot of incite as to how to handle some of these problems. I have just my common sense to guide me with their help. Even if they just need to talk to someone, we will be there for them. PC, do you have anything more to add? She shook her head no, so Bob said, We have two mics on the floor. If any of you have specific questions for us, please use the mic so we can hear you. It will also be on the recording of this meeting, so if it is something we cannot answer, we will be able to get one later for you.

There were several questions, but most of them we had already answered. There was some grumbling by parents, but the kids that were there started taking off their clothing, as they left the auditorium.

Morning came, and PC, Bob and Jackie were all standing (nude) at the top of the stairs to the second floor. As each child went by, they were checking to see that they were dressed (actually undressed) as required. A few boys were wearing underpants, and were told to remove them. They did so, but were very shy about letting PC or Jackie see their cocks, holding their hands over them. PC said to them, You are going to get very tired holding your hands over your cocks, and it will be very hard for you to use your pens and pencils that way. Jackie just snickered.

A few of the girls had done the same thing. None of them had started developing breasts yet, but they were very embarrassed when they had to take off their panties in front of Bob. He just smiled and collected their panties. The clothing that the kids gave up, were then put in a trash receptacle.

Once class started, PC, Bob and Jackie went into the 6th grade class room, and told the nude teacher, that they wanted to speak to the class for a few minutes before she got started.

PC said,  Before we get started, are there any important questions that need to be answered? One girls spoke up and said, I was looking for the girls room, but could not find one, I need to use it, please tell me where it is. PC answered, Jackie has had a little experience on that subject, so I will let her answer your question.

Jackie asked the girl, Did you see the door marked restroom? the girls shook her head yes. Jackie then said, Then you know where it is. There is no longer a boys restroom, or a girls restroom. You will all use the one marked restroom. The teacher, and the rest of the staff will also use that one room. I will say that the doors on the stalls have been removed, and a doorway goes through the wall to the OLD girls room. You may use the stalls in either room, and so can the boys. If you are a little adventurous, you can even use the urinals similar to how the boys do.

PC said, Those who need to use the restrooms, should do so now, and be back here in 5 minutes. Several girls went to use them, and then a couple of boys went, probably to watch the girls.

When they got back, a girl said, I dont like the boys standing and watching me pee. PC said, You will get use to it, and remember, you can stand and watch the boys pee, also.

She then said, Most of you were not at the meeting last night with your parents. So we are going to tell you a little about this new program. As of midnight last night, every boy and girl in this class is required to be nude, except for shoes and socks, at all times. This means at home, at the mall, the movies, or anywhere else you may go. Next week, you will each receive a bracelet that you will not be able to take off. This is to signify that you are in this program, and no matter where you are, you will not get into trouble for being nude. Without the bracelet, you could be arrested, so it is for your own protection. Also, wearing the bracelet, and clothing CAN get you arrested, because it is unlawful for you to wear clothing, until after you graduate from high school. You will still study the same subjects.

Bob continued, We will not tolerate any harassment of others. You boys, if you start harassing some one who has a smaller, or much larger penis then normal, you will be dealt with. The same with you girls. Some of you will start growing your breasts this year. You will not harass those who do not. Your parents got a lot more information on that last night, so be ware. Good natured kidding is all right, but if it continues then it is wrong.

If you have problems, with this part of your schooling, come and see Jackie, and get an appointment to see either PC or myself. Do not take it to the principal, as he will only send you to see us.

PC said, Also if you have trouble with your parents, let us know so we can talk to them. Now have a great year in the 6th grade.

One thing that was not said to any school official, or parent, was that the program was to encourage sex between the kids as an early age. The 6th graders was a good starting point for that, but they had to wait until one of them brought it up. It was about 4 weeks later when a young girl came in to see PC. Since PC was not in the office, Jackie sent her to see Bob.

Seeing that it was Bob, and not PC, the girl was shy. It took Bob a few minutes to realize what she wanted. He then asked her directly, You want your boy friend to fuck you, is that right? She got a sheepish smile on her face, and nodded her head yes.

Bob said, It is ok with us. Just do not do it on school grounds, but if you can do it in your or his bed, when you are alone. Take your time and do not hurry. I assume it is your first time? She shook her head no, and in a very weak voice said, Dad and my brothers have all three fucked me. Bob said, Then you know what you are doing. Good luck, and I hope you both have a great time fucking. It is a lot of fun and great pleasure when done right. He then asked her, Why did he not come, instead of you? She answered, He is shy, and has never done it before, but wants to learn. Since I know how, I thought I could teach him.

Bob then said, Just remember that he needs to satisfy you, and you need to make sure that he has a good cum, inside of you. Let me know how it works out for the two of you. Thank you Bob, and I will let you know, she said.

When PC got back, Bob said, Its started. She asked, Who? Bob said, She did not give me her name, but I know it was Carol Decker. I know her, but I dont think she remembers me. She admitted that her dad and brothers were fucking her, but she asked if she should fuck her boyfriend, who is a virgin. I told her, yes, but not on school property. She was ecstatic, and promised to let me know how it comes out. PC said, Excellent, with any luck, she will be pregnant before she is in the 9th grade. I hope we have some more that let us know what they are doing.

Bob said, I just had a thought. Do you think that you can talk the gym teacher into once a week, having the boys and girls do slow dancing? PC asked, What for? In answer, Bob took hold of PC in a slow dance position. Of course his cock was pushing into her crotch. He wiggled a little and said, Now do you see? And if we have them change partners after every dance, we can get them all hot and bothered.

PC said, Excellent Idea. I will see what I can do. I am sure that I can talk Sophia into it. She might even ask for you to come and dance with her and the girls as well, so she can dance with some of the boys. I know that would excite the girls to dance with you, and the boys would probably love to dance with Sophia. She has a nice body, and with her having to be nude for that class, the boys will probably go wild over her.

Two weeks later, Sophia came to the office, and asked to see Bob. Once in his office, she said, Bob, I need your help. The last class of the day, I am going to teach the 6th graders how to slow dance, but I need a partner. Will you come and help me? Bob said, Yes, Sophia, but I need to know your last name so I can call you what the kids do. She answered It is Lorinzo, but the kids call me Miss Lor, for some reason. Bob then asked, What time should I be at the gym? She answered in about 20 minutes. The class will start in 30 min. Ok, said Bob, I will be there to help you.

Bob showed up a couple of minutes early, and saw that Sophia was already nude, and commented, Sophia, the boys are going to want to fuck you, not dance with you. She answered, If only. Bob continued, If you had been teaching when I was in 6th grade, I would have found a way to fuck you. You look very fuckable, and most of the boys will see that if they havent already.

Sophia said, School rules, you know. Bob said, Rules were made to be broken, I sure would not tell if you asked one of the boys to help you some weekend, and then taught him to fuck you. She looked at Bob, with a question in her eyes. He shook his head yes, and said, If no one but you and the boy know about it, what is the harm. You will be teaching him something that he will need to know in a few years anyway. The class started showing up, so the conversation was finished.

Sophia said to the class, Today we are going to explore slow dancing. I know you kids like fast dances, but I think that when you learn to slow dance, you will enjoy it. Bob will tell the boys what he is doing, and as always you girls will follow the lead of your partner.

Bob said, First of all, you pull your partner close to you. Your left arm goes around her back and can be use to pull her closer. The right hand holds her right hand, thats to keep your had off of her tit, and her left hand can be on your shoulder, or around behind you, so she can get closer if she wants. Your cock, goes between her legs. You and hopefully she will get a lot of pleasure from this arrangement. Now you just walk in time to the music. Miss Loz, put on a good waltz. Once the music started, she came back to Bob and he took hold of her as described. They danced a few minutes, and then came back to the kids. Bobs cock was hard as a rock, and jiggled as he walked. Some of the girls were snickering.

He said Now boys, get a partner, and try what you have just heard and seen. I will dance with one of the girls, and one of you boys can dance with Miss Loz. Bob went over to one of the girls that was snickering, and said, May I have this dance? Without letting her say yes or no, he took hold of her and pulled her to him.

Of course his hard cock went immediately between her legs, and he pulled her as close to him as he could. He made sure that his chest was rubbing her nipples, and he had his left hand down on her ass. His cock was pushing up against her pussy and had opened her pussy lips part way and was sliding across her clit. In no time at all she was gasping for breath, being stimulated by his cock and his chest rubbing her nipples. When the song was over, he started to back away from her, but she held him as close as she could. He finally had to say, You have had your turn, now I need to show someone else what I just showed you. He could tell that she was disappointed, but let him go to another girl and he did the same thing to her, except that he was leaking cum on to her.

By the time class was over, Bob had leaked a whole load of cum onto the girls. Sophia asked Bob if he could come back the following week, and he answered, I am not sure how my week will be next week. If I can, I will. I enjoyed dancing with you and the girls.

After a couple of weeks, the 6th graders started venturing back out to their usual places. They were getting to feel normal being nude. The stares that they got, just rolled off of them, and were forgotten. While there were not that many of them, you could see them in the movie theaters, the hot dog stands, and burger joints. The people were also getting use to seeing them, and the uproar was dying down.

By the time the midyear break came even their teachers were appearing around town nude. The town council was going to try to charge them with indecent exposure, but decided that it would be a double standard, because the kids could not be charged.

By the end of the year, some of the kids in other classes were coming to school in various states of undress. Some of the younger female teachers, were starting to teach topless, even though it was not required of them. When questioned about it, they said, as this program progresses, we will be required to do so sometime, so we might as well start now.

When school was out for the summer, Bob was asked if he was going to have his camp again this year. His answer was, No, there is no need. This SAP (Sexual Awaking Program), has negated the need for it. And frankly, I feel that it is a better program than I had.

Bobs Story will continue in chapter 10


Comments and suggestions are always welcome

storytellerxxx5@gmail.com
