There were still DA meetings, but nothing Katie could do would make the elves turn over her wand. She also went looking for it, but couldn't find it. Flint Manor was a large home, and there was any number of hiding places throughout the building.

Ilona caught her snooping in one room. "This belonged to Velma, dear. You don't belong here."

Katie straightened up slowly and shook out the dress' skirt. The elves had set out a dark brown dress that day, almost matching her hair. She opened her mouth to speak, but Ilona rushed forward and grasped her arms. "Velma, you have to hide."

"Er..." Katie began, stymied as to what she should call Ilona. She had long since stopped trying to correct Ilona.

"Quick, they mustn't find you, or you and the baby will suffer. You have to hide. None of those Gryffindor antics now. Too many lives at stake!"

Ilona pushed Katie along with surprising strength. Katie had no idea where they were going or what had happened. Marcus hadn't mentioned this much, hadn't even said his mother had been present. Ilona also hadn't given much indication that she had been there, either.

"They mustn't find you in the nursery," Ilona was saying, speaking almost too rapidly to follow. "They'll tear it out of you, dangle it in front of you. Don't ask how I know. Just promise me you won't do anything foolish, Velma." Ilona pinched Katie's arm hard enough to bruise. "Promise me!"

"I promise," Katie choked out.

Ilona dragged her into another room and opened the closet. She pushed a hidden lever Katie wouldn't have found otherwise and the back panel slid open. Katie was shoved inside, and Ilona pulled the panel shut after her.

It was dark and musty. Velma obviously broke her promise, because she was dead. So was the child she had been carrying.

So how did she get out?

Katie felt along the walls and floor of the hidden compartment. Luckily, she wasn't claustrophobic and there were no ghosts in Flint Manor. She wasn't sure she liked the idea of any Flint dead hovering about the halls in unrest. She would rather think that death brought them a measure of peace instead.

Katie brushed her fingers over the bottom of the panel, pulling at whatever latches she felt. The panel popped out of its frame, and Katie shoved it aside. She stepped out into the closet and pulled it shut after her. Katie carefully stepped out of the closet and looked around. She hadn't looked through this particular room yet. The was closed, and Katie supposed that Ilona had gone off wherever she went during the day. Katie hadn't figured out where that would be.

Looking around the room, it had been stripped of most items that would identify whose room it would be. It was a large suite, one that looked like it had been shared by a couple. Katie stood stock still when she saw the bassinet in the corner, still waiting for a baby to sleep in it.

Even if there weren't ghosts floating down the halls, they still existed for Ilona. And by extension, Katie as well.
***
Katie stirred in her sleep, not sure what woke her. She stretched and rolled over, and noticed Marcus sitting beside her. She made a sleepy noise and reached for him, touching his face. "What's new?" she asked, half asleep.

Marcus smiled at her faintly, his hand cradling her jaw. "I'm here, Katie." He almost hadn't made it and wasn't sure how much time he had. Marcus ran his hand down along her neck and Katie shifted in bed to give him better access. He chuckled and playfully suckled a breast through her nightgown. He hiked up the edge of it with his other hand and she let out a content sigh. Marcus laughed. "Like that, do you?"

"Everything you do," she told him with a sleepy smile.

He smirked at her and slid his hand between her thighs. He almost laughed outright when she opened her legs wider to give him more room. Still, the sight of her welcoming him comforted him. He didn't have words for the feeling. He went back to suckling a breast, now sliding fingers along her damp folds. Katie wrapped an arm around his shoulders, holding him in place as she began to arch into his touch. He worked her gently, until she was panting and writhing, them moved faster against her. Katie bucked her hips against his hand, mewling softly until she came.

"Come to bed," she murmured once she noticed he was still sitting beside her. Marcus shed the last of his clothing then crawled in under the covers. He hovered over her, and Katie grasped him, stroking softly. "You should tell me how bad it was," he said softly. "I shouldn't have to guess by how frantic you are to bed me," she murmured.

"Nothing to tell," he told her stubbornly. "I just follow orders."

"You didn't follow them with me," Katie replied.

"They didn't give me specific orders," Marcus countered. "I play it off as I'm thick and dull, and I don't get it unless it's spelled out in order what needs to be done. If it's spelled out, I do it."

"And this time?" Katie gasped as he sank deeply inside of her. "What were the instructions this time?"

"Had to check on the prisoners at Malfoy Manor. Had to make sure they're alive and well."

Luna. According to the DA coin, Luna had been held there for months.

"And are they?" she gasped.

Marcus thrust harder, eyes sliding shut at the feel of her tight around him. "Yeah. Doin' okay. Fed better'n they've been in a while."

Katie ran her nails down his back. she was close, so close, gasping for breath and arching into his thrusts. She let out a strangled cyr as she came, body clamping down tighter around him. Marcus came with a groan and collapsed down on top of her.

"It's good that you're helping where you can," Katie told him, running her fingers through his hair.

"I'm no hero," he told her solemnly. "And don't make me out to be one."

"No, you're not a hero," she agreed. "But you're not evil, either. I couldn't love you if you were."

"You shouldn't," he told her heavily. I haven't earned it.

"It's not like I planned it."

"So stop it. Just take it as comfort or something..."

Katie shook her head. "I'm not like that. I only wanted to with you... When I knew I was safe with you." She pressed her lips to his temple and stroked his hair gently. "There's more to you than you think."

"Don't believe more of that romantic shite than you can help," he intoned.

"I won't tell anyone," Katie whispered. There was no one to tell anyway.

He grunted and settled in to sleep on top of her. He was sure he could have that luxury before he was needed again. He snuggled in tight, feeling Katie wrap her arms around him.

If he didn't have her and his mother to care for in all this, he would've long since gone insane.
***
Katie wanted to stretch out as she woke, but her arms collided with something. She opened her eyes and Marcus was there, head propped up in his hand, half hovering as he leaned against his elbow. "You were watching me sleep?" Marcus nodded. "Why?"

"I don't get to see you as often as I'd like," he murmured. "Might as well take the opportunity while I have it." He traced the edge of her jaw. "It's not too often that they don't have some use for me. I'm so devoted after all," he told her with a sneer. "I tend to get the shite no one else wants to do."

"Because you don't say no."

"Because I can't say no."

Katie didn't correct him. He had too much to lose if he was wrong. "What do people think happened to me?" she asked quietly. Other than the first reports on the DA galleon, it hadn't ever mentioned her name again.

"They think you're dead," Marcus told her, voice quiet. It was hard for Katie to tell what he was feeling. "Your parents even had a memorial service. They go about dressed in black and they don't fight curfew anymore."

Katie pressed her lips together and her eyes watered. "You keep track of them, then?"

"They're safe. The others think I've killed you. Or simply left you somewhere to rot. You weren't high enough on their priority list to require a body as proof, so I didn't need to find one."

Make one, he meant. Katie shivered under his gaze. "So my parents think I'm dead."

"I won't take messages," he told her sternly. "They're safer this way. They were agitated at first, making waves. It was going to get them the wrong kind of attention from the Ministry."

"They went to the Ministry?"

"They didn't think anyone was doing anything about your missing persons report."

"Were they?"

"No. You were in my custody. The Ministry is really run by Death Eaters or sympathizers at this point. No one was ever going to look."

"Did you tell my parents to stop looking?" Katie whispered.

"I may have," Marcus conceded. He had actually taken them aside to tell them to plan a memorial service. She's safer dead to you than alive, he had told them, special wards around them. The Bells weren't stupid, and Mrs. Bell had grabbed his arm tightly. It had reminded him of Katie's grasp. Before she could ask him anything, he had cut her off. Hold a service and you won't draw any more attention to yourselves.

Mr. Bell had carefully peeled Katie's mother's fingers from Marcus' arm. He didn't say a word, but nodded at Marcus. He wrapped an arm around Mrs. Bell, who had started to cry. Thank you for your honesty, he had said, almost loud enough to carry. We had been hoping she would be found somehow...

Marcus shook his head at them, and watched them leave the Ministry. A week later had been the service. He hadn't dared return to Flint Manor for another week after that just to be sure. He couldn't chance any suspicion falling on him.

Katie cupped his cheek with a hand. "Thank you."

"Wouldn't do for them to get themselves killed for nothing," he told her gruffly. "Waste of everyone's time."

She smiled through her tears. "Of course. Efficient one, you are. Thanks just the same."

He nodded and turned to kiss her palm. "You look like your Mum," he said softly. "A bit of your dad about the eyes."

"You noticed?" Katie asked, surprised.

He'd only been keeping an eye on them for weeks. Of course he'd notice. Marcus merely rolled his eyes at her.

"You don't look much like your Mum," Katie murmured. "More like your Dad in that one remaining portrait."

"Yes, well, Mum forgot about that one and doesn't look there."

"She confused me with Velma."

Marcus nodded grimly. "She would."

"Because I look like her?"

"Not really. But you both are brunette and you're wearing her clothes." Marcus watched as that sank in. "Did something happen?"

"She locked me in a closet's hidden panel."

Marcus' jaw tightened. "She was having a bad day, then."

"Velma didn't stay locked in there, either, did she?"

"No, she didn't. The fool woman thought she could help my brother and wound up dead."

All the more reason why he would be strict with her. All the more reason why he was convinced she couldn't help. It made sense.

"You miss them," Katie murmured softly, rubbing his chest absently. "Come on, then. We ought to have breakfast with your Mum. It'll help her feel better, I think. She's scary most of the time, wandering about the place like a ghost."

Marcus grasped Katie about the waist and rolled on top of her. "When I have a morning I could have you for breakfast in?"

"Be nice to your Mum," Katie teased. "All she talks about is how good you are and how much of a dutiful son you are."

His face blanked. "Yes. Yes, I suppose I am."

"Don't shut me out like that, Marcus sodding Flint," Katie snapped, irritated.

He blinked. "It's not like you know, either."

"Yes, but you've told me bits. And I don't intend on being a new ghost about these hallways."

"I don't want you to be," he told her fiercely. "When they've had their final victory and don't need me any longer, we'll be fine. We'll be safe."

We. Perhaps he thought more highly of her than he was willing to admit.

"I want to do more than just sit here waiting for you."

Marcus glowered at Katie, but she could ignore that. She knew where it came from a bit better now. If she had been anything other than Gryffindor, he might have allowed a bit more leeway. "You can watch over my Mum," he said. "Make sure she's all right."

"She thinks I'm a dead woman."

"She likes you. Last time I talked to her, she said she likes you."

"I let her ramble."

"She has some good days."

"Mostly when you're about."

"Not always."

Katie had no answer for that dark tone. No, Ilona didn't always have good days. "How long can you stay?"

"I don't know."

"Stay for breakfast with your Mum. She'd like that."

"If you're there," Marcus finally conceded.

"Where else would I be?" Katie said, rolling her eyes. "Oh, yes. That's right. I have a hot date with a house elf," she snarked.

"Bite your tongue, woman."

Katie merely grinned unrepentantly. "Make me."

He kissed her fiercely, tongue sliding into her mouth. She melted beneath him, and he rolled on top of her. He slid a hand down between her thighs, fingering her lightly. Her breath fractured in her throat, and she arched against him. Grinning, Marcus slid a finger inside of her, teasing her as their tongues dueled. This kind of fight he could allow. This kind of questioning was fine. He couldn't allow her any latitude, or she would find a way out and head to the thick of things. Once she was there, he had no control over anything. He could lose her in an eye blink, and he didn't even want to think about that.

He hadn't planned on this. It had been all of a sudden, an impulsive move he couldn't explain. Now, it didn't matter. He had to keep her safe. She was another reason to come home in one piece, to never let his loyalties be questioned.

Katie writhed beneath him, one hand tangled in his hair and the other at his back. Her hips bucked beneath his hand, and she had to draw breath in shallow gasps. "Marcus," she moaned, head thrown back when their kiss broke.

Marcus kissed his way down her neck and took a breast into his mouth. Katie's breath hissed in through her teeth, and he smiled as he sucked. If he distracted her often enough, she might lose interest in leaving. Maybe.

He made her come with his hands and mouth at least twice before he made any move to actually enter her. Once he did, she made a soft sigh of contentment. This quickly turned to soft gasps of pleasure, then keening noises as she met his thrusts and raked her nails down his back. He growled at the sensation, thrusting harder. It was only fair that she mark her territory, given that he did the same. He had seen the marks on her hips, little scratches he hadn't realized he'd given her. He hadn't realized she bruised easily, either. It was enough to make him wonder how she tolerated getting injured on the Quidditch pitch.

Marcus came, and had to stroke her clit to finish her as well. Katie lay beneath him prone, panting for breath. She had a silly grin on her face, one that tugged at him. If he had a heart, it might've been affected by that smile.

"I'll let you rest up a bit," he told her as he withdrew. "I'll shower and dress, then meet you for breakfast with Mum."

"Or I can join you?" she asked playfully.

The shower easily took three times as long as usual with her in it with him, but it was infinitely more enjoyable. Even better, Ilona was having a good day. She greeted the both of them by their proper names and chatted about her gardens and what she planned for lunch and dinner that day. Marcus bowed out of meals because of work, but Katie had no good excuse.

Just when Marcus would have apparated out, Katie caught him. He met her eyes as he raised his wand. "You aren't coming with me," he told her.

There was something almost painful in her expression. "Where could I go? They all think I'm dead."

"You're safer this way," he told her sternly.

"What kind of life is this for us, then?" she asked, voice breaking.

"You're safe, Katie. Too many others aren't. Keep my Mum company, will you? Maybe then she'll have more good days."

Katie watched as he apparated away and tried not to feel bitter. Some fighter she turned out to be.
***
***