Sarah and the Gypsie's Curse
by Cream_Caramel

SARAH AND THE GYPSIE'S CURSE CH. 01

Sarah finds herself afflicted with a most unusual curse.

My story is true, but it played out like a very absurd cautionary tale as to why you shouldn't just blow up in someone's face in the middle of the street.

My name is Sarah and I'm a 36 year old office worker that I'm perfectly happy working in, I have a boyfriend named Gary who I love quite a lot, I've got a good deal of friends who enjoy my company (and vice versa), basically, life was good, and if I may brag a bit, my hourglass figure, fit body, luscious ass and bouncing breasts are pretty stellar.

Now, like many if not most people, I have my own kinks, I'm a bit of an exhibitionist, I love reading stories on websites and message boards and whatnot, I'm not brave enough to ever do any of that in public, at least, not until one fateful day.

I was on my way to get some coffee during a break at work, when I accidentally bumped into what I could only describe at the time as a homeless old lady, who wasted no time beginning to yell at me.

"Watch where you're going you hussy!" she said in a thick, eastern european accent, now this was New-York so I wasn't really fazed all that much by getting bumped into nor getting yelled at as a result, and of course, I did what any good old New-Yorker would do, I shot back:

"Oh, put a sock in it, you old bag!" Not the most cutting of insults nor the most creative, but that didn't dampen the old lady's spirit.

"Oh yeah!? Well, a curse on you, you whore, may your humiliation never end, and may no one ever come to your aid!" That bit took me off guard, insults I was used to, but actual curses? That was pretty rare, and it took me off guard even further since the old lady had such an intimidating accent, and in hindsight, if you described that lady as a gypsy to me, I would not find fault in your description.

I just walked away, intent on pushing the incident out of my mind, but it did kind of stick in there.

Over the next few days I'd forget the whole thing for the most part but my mind would always wander back to it, all until one weekend where I was out jogging before I went back to Gary's apartment; I had some clothes over at his place so I didn't think much of it.

Back at the apartment, I gave Gary a kiss "Need anything before I take a shower, Sweetey?"

"Nah, I'm good, enjoy your shower." I hopped into the shower, and since I'd done this many times before, I didn't notice Gary sneaking in and stealing all the clothes and towels from the bathroom.

When I got out, I searched around and couldn't find anything, I was puzzled and decided to go out in search of some of my clothes that I had left there, I wasn't bothered being naked in Gary's apartment, since I had been in this state before, so I wasn't really surprised by anything.

"Honey, did you take my clothes?" I called out, seeing how Gary was nowhere to be found, however, his reply came from outside the apartment's door.

"Hey Sweety, I have them with me, but can you help me out a little here?" I was flustered, I wanted to tell him that I was naked, but I didn't want to shout it out in case anyone heard.

I tiptoed over to the door where he was, and before I knew what was going on, the door blew open, and in one swift motion, Gary grabbed me, shoved me outside and latched the door, and so I was stuck outside in the hallway naked.

"Gary! What the hell!?" I nearly shouted, but I didn't want to alert the neighbors to any disturbance, the only thing worse than being out here naked was the neighbors watching it as it happened.

My hands had flown up quite naturally to cover myself in classic ENF fashion, but it was too late, Gary had snapped a picture of me in the hallway fully nude, he told me to put my arms down, maybe it was the little exhibitionist in me, maybe it was shock, heck, nowadays, I might think it was the curse, but I did as I was told without much thought, my compliance prompted a few more pics.

"Okay, you had your fun, Can I get back in now?" I had no idea what was happening, Gary had never done anything like this before, but for some reason the thought of that old lady's curse shot right back into my head.

"Sure, as soon as you lay down and masturbate." Gary gave the command, I was shocked, but I can't lie, I was turned on by those words, it was like one of those nonsensical stories I'd read online, but I reminded myself, those are just stories, not matter how vehemently the characters in the stories proper argued otherwise.

"You can't be serious!" I hissed at Gary, my arms remembering to return to their proper position, where they can shield my privates.

"You won't get in unless you do." Gary threatened, cementing the fact that I was not in a position to argue.

"Can I at least come back in and do it inside?" I tried to bargain, though that was probably futile on my part, considering my position and the cause of it.

"Nope, do it right where you are, I don't want you dirtying up the inside of the apartment." Gary laughed, okay, that was kinda mean, he was referring to my tendency to squirt when orgasming, and a part of me wanted to refuse him, but another part knew he had won completely and had total control over me, and then common sense just went out the door when yet another part argued that I would love it (probably the same part that pushed my arms down), all while that niggling thought about the curse kept intruding at the back of my head.

What, you think you're gonna break the curse by asking?

I laid down on the ground and spread my legs open, I let my hands do their work as one latched onto my breasts and the other started flicking my clit, I was pretty horny as it was, so the orgasm was coming quick, I looked back at Gary and saw the phone still recording.

"Those are just for you, right?" I managed to get out as two of my fingers slipped into my pussy.

"Nope, I'll be sharing these with all our friends." and that set me off, it hit me that I was laying down stark butt naked in the middle of the hallway and masturbating after being locked out by my boyfriend, and I was now having the most amazing orgasm, my juices squirted out on the hallway floor, my voice barely kept in.

I was breathing heavily, recovering from my orgasm when I heard a voice:

"Hi Sarah, good to see you." It was Mike, Gary's brother, looking at me lying there with the biggest grin on his face.


SARAH AND THE GYPSIE'S CURSE CH. 02

Sarah, still skeptical if the curse exists, performs a test.

So after the sordid episode I spoke about previously, I got to thinking, was this really part of some strange curse cast on me by a gypsy woman?

Naturally, this sounded absurd, there's no such thing as curses after all, but after a few days, it was apparent that nobody was mentioning the incident, neither Gary nor Mike, his brother, brought it up even in passing, I even tried to mention it to Gary, asking if he remembered that day, but all I got was a very lukewarm response, it was almost as if that incident was completely mundane and uneventful.

With that little detail to occupy me, I wanted to see if this curse truly existed, and what better way to do so than by tempting fate?

I had organized a party between some of mine and Gary's friends, nothing too large, just a small get together to enact my plan.

The party itself started out quite normally, people mingling about, having fun, dancing with the music, and, quite possibly, there was some booze but nothing major, the best most people at the party could manage was a healthy buzz.

The party continued as any normal party would, with one exception, as the affair began to slowly die down, I made a shocking announcement:

"How about it folks, are you up for a little spicy game?" the crowd cheered back up from the lull it had sunk into just a moment ago, I felt a knot in my stomach.

"We'll each draw a card from this deck and show it to everyone, the people with the highest number, aces then face cards and so on, will get to pull out, the rest keep playing.

I continued explaining the rules:

"We'll keep going like this until we have the last person, that's our loser, and what does that loser have to do?" Shouts with lewd suggestions came flying out

" Have them do a silly dance!"

"Make them streak outside!"

"Give them a spanking!"

"Come on folks, think of something spicier!" I riled up the crowd further, making sure everyone was excited "How about they stay naked the entire night, and everyone gets to touch?"

This was the moment of truth, I knew these people, and if there truly was no curse, there would be some hesitation to this idea.

The crowd cheered.

I was now feeling a chill running down my spine, this was not the reaction I expected, but that wasn't the end of my experiment, you see, I had orchestrated the game to play out this way for a simple purpose:

There was about two dozen people in here, that meant I'd have to miss the highest card more than twenty times in a row; If this truly was the work of a curse, then this insane, competition with nearly a million to one shot of loss cannot end in any way other than me losing, correct?

I began giving out cards, reminding everyone that aces were high, I flipped my card over, a queen of spades! I wondered if I was going to disprove the curse almost immediately, but no, I was still in the game, as all the cards went out, kings and aces emerged from amongst the crowd.

Next round I got a 5 of hearts, nowhere near the top of the list, I was still in the game and so six of the two dozen or so guests were already out of the game.

Next round was the same, a 7 of spades, but the most galling aspect of this round was that Gary had pulled an ace, so he was out of the game! I was growing more incredulous by the minute, is this really going to play out the way I planned it?

This continued on, I kept on believing that at any point now I was going to get the high card, but that moment never came, the pit in my stomach grew and grew as twelve players remained, then nine, then eight, then six, sometimes it was close, and sometimes it wasn't.

Then there were two other players left, I was shaking from disbelief, I looked at my card and my heart nearly leapt from joy, a king!

The odds that either of the two other players, a girl named Jessica and a man named Paul, both of whom were my co-workers, had anything higher than a king was nearly impossible.

But nearly impossible is leagues apart from completely impossible, I nearly fainted when both Paul and Jessica revealed aces of their own, and I couldn't even prepare myself for this likelihood, it came so suddenly.

I didn't even have time to object or bargain, I felt hands on my dress, unzipping it and pulling it down, I was left standing there in a thong in front of nearly thirty people! And even that was short lived as I could feel fingers dig into the waistband and pull it down, there I was, completely naked, to everyone's cheers and laughter!

There were no nerves, no hesitation there, nobody was shocked to see me naked, nobody was feeling awkward, people treated stripping me and soon enough groping me as a normal, everyday amusement, like watching TV.

This was the most humiliating thing that has ever happened to me, last time didn't compare! I was seen by two people as far as I knew last time, and only one of them had never seen me naked, but this was a whole other level!

But I couldn't really do anything, I was now certain this was the work of the curse, even if it was my own plan, the curse trapped me in this unwinnable situation, and the idea that I was now forced to go around the party, getting my picture taken by and with everyone, not to mention getting my breasts squeezed, my nipples tweaked and my ass smacked and pinched constantly, that was turning me on.

And to top it off, there were even a few bold souls who managed to get their fingers on my pussy and clit, I was pretty humiliated as the curse implied I would be, but what the curse didn't account for (or didn't care to account for) was that I would enjoy this sort of situation..

With that said, everyone knew I could not rebuff anyone's advances, I have to say it didn't take long before I was pretty horny, and visibly so.

"Hey honey, how are you feeling?" Gary came over and rubbed my shoulder, but despite his attempt to make me feel better, all I could think of was the feeling of his clothes' fabric against my bare skin.

"I'm a bit flustered, honestly." I replied to the best of my ability, hoping not to show my arousal too much, but seeing how it was Gary, he probably knew very well.

"Tell you what, how about we play one more game, if you win, I'll give you my clothes, if you lose, you do a forfeit and get dressed, either way, it's over quickly." So it seemed that whatever entity was controlling the curse decided that it would escalate the situation, I knew that my chances of winning this last bet was nearly nothing, so it was silly of me to take it, but I didn't think too much of it, my brain was focused on on both the escape and thee joy of this tantalizing situation, and my body even reacted strongly to the idea of even further humiliation, so I was not in the best mindset to suss this out.

I agreed, and Gary announced the extra round to everyone, I would play one more round with Gary, and as he went first, he pulled a 3 of diamonds, it was such a low number, almost the lowest in fact, to anyone else this might seem like a sure win, but for me, it only projected one simple fact:

The curse was being a dick about the situation, the reality was being rubbed in my face for even tempting fate, it was retaliating.

I revealed my card, it was a 2 of clubs.

It seems the curse wanted me thoroughly humiliated, it wasn't enough for me to lose, I had to lose in the most unquestionable way possible, and I hadn't even done my forfeit yet, that came immediately after as Gary took my hand and led me to the couch, he spread my legs open as we sat down and began playing with my body, softly caressing my breasts and teasing my pussy, I was moaning in response to his expert hands, paying no heed to the partygoers watching us, but that didn't last long.

I was surprised when he pulled his hands away and informed me that my forfeit was to cum for everyone, my humiliation was complete as I took over, and unlike Gary's tender touches, I was far more vulgar, I mauled at my breasts and pumped my fingers in and out of my pussy as my coworkers and friends watched on and captured this shame on video, I knew that by next week everyone in my office would have seen me naked, groped, molested and finally bringing myself to orgasm.

That last thought pushed me over the edge as I creamed the couch beneath me, juices squirting out abundantly.

"Well done sweetie, I knew you'd put on a great show, you were such a good sport about this." Gary encouraged me as he began playing with my breasts, tweaking my nipples just hard enough to make me wince in surprise more than pain, I managed to inadvertently orchestrate my own stripping and as a result was forced to put on one of the most embarrassing and humiliating displays of my entire life.

I was truly cursed, in the most literal sense of the word!

Despite having orgasmed mere moments ago, that revelation sent me reeling as I felt myself growing aroused yet again, it dawned on me that I was going to be a target for such events for the foreseeable future, and even worse (or better, depending on how you look at it), none of it would backfire on me, I could find myself in as depraved a situation as possible and wake up the next day like nothing ever happened!

I didn't care that I was technically allowed to dress again, my hands went back to work again of their own accord as I brought myself to another orgasm.

And that wasn't the end of the night, I was told I could get dressed again, but I chose to extend my lewd and pleasurably naked stay, and everyone, correctly guessing how much I was enjoying this, escalated my humiliation as I found myself on the receiving end of many more orgasms before the end of the night.

I went to sleep that night thinking about the curse, and how far it would go to try to humiliate me, that thought made me want to run another orgasm out again.


SARAH AND THE GYPSIE'S CURSE CH. 03

Sarah begins to understand how powerful the curse is.

So after the last incident, I began to worry that this curse would do more mental harm to me than social; not only would I be on edge in fear of getting "ambushed" by the curse, I doubt it's healthy to be on the receiving end of intense forced humiliation so frequently, even if I did enjoy it and even if it was essentially consequence free, as such I began to take note of the way it kept manifesting, and I may have pushed my luck a little.

First, the good news, the curse didn't seem to interfere with my normal sex life, I could still have sex with Gary normally and even walk around my apartment naked (my favorite method of excercising my exhibitionist fantasies prior to the curse) without it turning into a parade of public exposure.

Another thing is that the curse didn't take every possible opportunity to strike, there were many situations that I, personally, thought might make for a spicy scenario, such as going to do the laundry and having to wash the clothes I was wearing or something like that, I've read many stories like that, but so far, all laundry days passed by rather mundanely.

And as the previous point implied, this curse didn't stick to a schedule, there was no specific day when the curse struck, nor does a specific amount of time need to pass between incidents, I've had incidents happening on back to back days, and other times they were weeks apart; I believe the only day it has yet to strike for me is Sunday, though I doubt it's skipping that day to go to church (stripped at church, another scenario I've thought of when I broke this schedule down).

And from there I could surmise that it didn't have anything to do with my expectations or anticipations, I thought of the laundry idea early on, but as the following story will show, the curse can begin acting even before I think of an idea, causality is not a factor here.

On many occasions, Gary would often invite me to go out drinking with him, but I was always too busy or too tired to do so, I didn't really mind him going, so I always sent him off to hang out with his guy friends.

This time, I was feeling pretty energetic and in need of a change of pace, so I took him up on his offer, the bar was fairly clean and well lit, there seemed to be plenty of couples there as well as single people, but I noticed a lot of people knew Gary there, I guess he was pretty popular.

We hung out for a while, getting drinks and introducing myself to Gary's friends; they were very welcoming, asking how a schlub like Gary could get a knockout like me. I was pretty flattered at the compliments, and I hit it off with them.

I noticed a pool table in the corner and asked if Gary wanted to play with me, he declined, saying he's not that good at it.

That's when I got a "brilliant" idea; the curse can make it so that I get stripped, and essentially spike and set off scenarios I have set up, but can I strip other people the way they did to me?

Last time it was pretty definitive that the curse would bend the laws of probability to get me naked, but that was a game of pure chance, If I go around challenging people to strip games based on skill, would they end up naked, and if so, would it also get swept under the rug the way my incidents do?

It didn't hurt that Gary had humiliated me time after time in front of everyone I know, so this was my chance to get back at him where people are familiar with him, there was a good chunk of women here as well, so I figured I could even let them cop a few feels of his naked body and get a couple of pictures of him naked, provided my experiment worked out, of course.

And so I was set, I began teasing Gary and calling him chicken, I could tell Gary was getting irritated, so I pushed him further:

"Okay, how about the loser gets on the pool table and strips naked in front of everyone." Gary's friends were hollering and laughing, egging him on and joking how he'd end up flopping in the breeze, and he tried to ask me not to do this, but I was intent on playing my idea out.

"Go for it Sarah, Gary can't sink a ball to save his life." one of Gary's friends poked fun at him, and I could see him squirm.

"Not enough? How about the loser gives everyone here free access to play with their body?" More cheers and whoops from Gary's friends, and I think here Gary had enough, he accepted the wager and we began playing.

I broke and sank one of the balls with my first shot, neither of us sunk anything in the first few turns, but I could tell my shots came closer to sinking the balls, I thought that meant that I could still do things like this without the curse turning it into another incident, so I got even more cocky and raised the stakes, I told Gary that not only will the loser strip naked on the pool table, but they would also have to masturbate to orgasm on it, at this point everyone in the bar, who were watching us play, gave a loud cheer wondering how this would play out.

As I was in the lead, I was completely unaware I had dug my own grave here.

Gary agreed and took his shot. That shot was better than any shot either of us made that day, finally sinking a ball of his own, he still missed the next shot and let me take my turn, but I wasn't doing any better than before, I'd instantly fail to sink a ball and and that continued for a bit, and then Gary sunk another ball, I was beginning to get nervous, we kept trading until finally during one of my turns, I flubbed my shot, the cue ricocheted so badly it had slammed into the eight ball, and I watched in what seemed like slow motion the eight ball roll and sink into one of the meaning I had lost on the spot!

I wasn't even sure if that was caused by the curse or if this was just some freak accident, but that's beside the point, the point was that now, I had to pay up and get on the pool table.

And so I found myself standing on top of the pool table being stared at by everyone, who were waiting for me to strip naked, first my t-shirt, I was wearing a plain white bra underneath, Gary stretched out his hand, basically telling me to hand it over, I did so and began unbuttoning my jeans skirt, I cursed myself having neglected to at least wear matching underwear, I was standing in front of a whole bar of cheering stranger in my white bra and pink panties.

The bar began a chant of "take it off!", egging me on to remove the rest of my clothes, a shaky hand reached back to unclasp my bra as I considered that the two other times the curse had struck, I didn't have to go through such a thing; the first time I was basically dressed in nothing but a towel that was whipped off my body in a flash, and at the party my clothes were taken off for me by the other party-goers.

Standing in front of everyone and "voluntarily" taking my clothes off for them was certainly different, and it made me feel more helpless as the humiliation was drawn out.

My bra came off, my breasts bouncing into view as another wave of cheers crashed over me, what's worse, my nipples hardened at the realization of how many people were watching me.

Then finally came my panties, wanting this new experience to be over already, I took a deep breath and pushed them down in one hard push, they obeyed and let gravity do its work, dropping immediately to the pool table's surface.

Through all this time Gary had been collecting my clothes from me, but I saw he was actually just tossing them out to the crowd, I wondered how I would get them back, wait, could I get them back? Was that really an option with the curse in the first place?

My mind raced at the possibility as I stood there naked, forgetting that I still needed to follow through on the rest of the wager, Gary cleared his throat letting me know full well that there was still more to be paid.

The bar's chant changed into one of "Cum! Cum! Cum!" And so I started squeezing my boobs before I let a couple of fingers creep down to my pussy, I was so embarrassed and humiliated at my own hubris that led me to this point, it didn't take a that much of me pumping my fingers in and out of my pussy in front of everyone before I found myself moaning.

I could hear the bar's crowd cheering and laughing as I approached climax, my fingers making lewd noises as they churned inside my soaking wet pussy, and before I knew it, I found myself experiencing a standing orgasm, cumming for everyone's viewing pleasure, my juices squirting out as I stood there on top of the pool table, struggling to keep my knees from buckling as strength dissipated from my hips.

Next, I had to go around the bar and let everyone play with my body, being passed around as my boobs were fondled and my butt spanked and squeezed, and was even made to bend over so that everyone could get better access to my rear to facilitate the spanking.

Of course, Gary didn't neglect to record this entire humiliating episode, he had taken several photos and videos of me stripping, squirting, and presenting my body to everyone, and I had noticed many of the bar's patrons were doing the same.

At the end of the night, the bartender told us to pose for a few group shots on account of the occasion, I was front and center of this picture, sitting on a bar table with my legs spread open and masturbating once more, he took several of me before, during and after orgasm, Gary told me that those pictures were hanging on the wall to this day.

Everyone had, in the meanwhile, hidden my clothes and decided that I should go home naked, just as I had anticipated, and since we came over in a cab, we had no other way to get home, the driver was surprised at first, but when he tried asking why I was naked, Gary produced my panties and stuffed them into my mouth to prevent me from answering, he then told the cabbie that I lost a bet and had to stay naked, and that I shouldn't worry since I was quite enjoying myself, I nodded in dreamy, defeated agreement.

That wasn't the end of it, since I had to sit in the back seat with Gary, he took full advantage of my nudity and silence to grope me and finger me to yet another orgasm as we made our way back to our apartment, the driver was so fixated on the show I was providing it was a miracle we didn't get into an accident, it was also good that he didn't get upset at the puddle of cum I left on his backseat, so much so that he let us go without paying!

When we finally made it to the building, I barely took a few steps into the apartment before I had to take a seat and masturbate on our couch, with my panties still inside my mouth; I was just that horny despite cumming so many times already.

As always, neither Gary nor any of his friends made a big deal out of my attempt at stripping him nor the way it backfired on me, but due to the way it played out, I still wasn't sure if this was a case of the curse striking or a simple gaff on my part.

As such, as I was sitting there fingering myself to yet another orgasm for the night, Gary at my side playing with my breasts, I wondered if I needed to try and strip Gary yet again, see if that clears things up.

I certainly wasn't doing it to provoke the curse into humiliating me more, though for some reason that thought made me cum on the spot.


SARAH AND THE GYPSIE'S CURSE CH. 04

Sarah goes shopping for clothes, with mixed results.

The dam had finally broken, the curse escalated its behavior and I didn't really know what to do about it.

From this point on, my life began taking an almost surreal bent, and yes,I mean more than it had previously.

Thankfully, there seemed to be minimal consequences from my humiliation at the party and the one at the bar, but that didn't mean things didn't escalate.

As before, there was this relative stealthy nature to the curse; even if I were to be stripped naked and debased in public, people seemed to just "forget" about it, and I use the word lightly because it seemed people were aware of these incidents, they just shrugged them off.

However, from this point on things changed slightly, people would still recognize that I was the girl at the center of all these incidents, but instead of simply ignoring them and disregarding them, people seemed to take that as an invitation to enact whatever scenario would get me "tricked" into stripping.

Once more, I chose these words not in a literal sense, these pranks and tricks people were pulling on me were nothing more than flimsy excuses intended to justify stripping me in public.

take for instance that time that Gary and I were heading to the mall, the month was coming to an end and I wanted to go shopping now that my paycheck had arrived.

We got to a mall that had alot of great shops, and we started to browse for fun and cute things.

Gary didn't really mind going shopping with me since he enjoyed having input on the clothes I wore, it was up to me to decide in the end, but I enjoyed giving him the illusion of choice just as much as he enjoyed having it.

At one shop, I found a couple of nice pieces to wear, and wanted to try them out, I got in the changing booth and started trying out clothes.

I heard Gary tell me he'd be going to the bathroom and that he'd be right back, I called back in acknowledgment, too engrossed in what I was doing to notice that my clothes that I came with, were gone from the booth.

Not only that, even my purse was stolen! I was left with nothing but my underwear and the clothes I brought in to try out, I didn't know what to do so I put on a dress I had brought in with me and headed out to the cashier.

I explained my dilemma to the cashier, and asked if she could help me out by giving me some clothes, they were okay with it, but I should have known not to get my hopes up, because she next asked me to pay for it:

"Er, I... I don't have any money..." I stammered, knowing where this would lead me yet again.

"Well, I'm sorry then, I'll have to take the clothes back." the cashier sighed, putting her hand out.

"Can I at least go back to the changing room?" I pleaded, falsely looking to preserve any amount of modesty, in reality I was more than willing to strip, but I wanted to put on a show of resistance just in case.

"Why? You're going to walk out of here looking the same." the cashier shook her head and eyed me suspiciously, it seemed that I made her distrust me, and so I, defeated, began to take the dress off in the middle of the store, where everyone could see me.

It would probably be a good time to mention that, as a surprise for Gary at the end of the day, I had worn a special set of lingerie, so here I was in public showing off the lingerie I intended for my boyfriend's eyes only.

Naturally, people were staring and laughing at my embarrassment, I ran out of the store looking for Gary, only to run into him right outside the store, he laughed as he saw my appearance and wasted no time squeezing my butt.

He suggested we go to the security booth and look for my things there, all while toying with my body, he wouldn't let me rush or cover up until we got there, meaning I was seen by who knows how many people getting groped by Gary, they didn't do or say anything (beyond the occasional laugh or whisper), but that didn't make it any less embarrassing.

The security guard was amused, but didn't give us any trouble, when we searched the lost and found, we found my purse, money intact and everything, which was both comforting and strange, not my dress though, because I guess the curse didn't want me dressed yet.

The guard made sure to warn me about running around in such an indecent state, and that he might detain me if I don't fix it, but the way he said almost made it sound like a lewd joke as opposed to a serious threat, either way we decided to go back up to the mall to buy some clothes.

We went back up to the mall and once again I had to endure the laughs and stares of everyone as we looked for the same store as before to get me something to wear.

Once inside, I grabbed anything that I could get my hands on from before and immediately bought it, and as soon as the cashier rang my purchase up I rushed to the changing booth, as I took a deep breath of relief, Gary walked in on me.

In my shock, I was taken by surprise when he began kissing me deeply, telling me how sexy I looked in the lingerie, I was melting in his arms as he began to undress me, and I was naked and making out with him before I knew it.

Gary snapped me out of my rapture as he stepped away, leaving me a little horny.

"I'll leave you to pick out something to wear and we'll pick this up later." He said,but just as he was stepping out, I noticed that my purse, the clothes I bought AND my underwear were now missing.

I stopped Gary from leaving and told him about my missing items, he peaked out and told me there was nothing outside, I did note that Gary didn't have my things, so it couldn't have been him, I was wondering if someone recognized me and was playing a prank on me, but I hadn't seen anyone familiar.

Once again I had to step out to the cashier with Gary, this time I was completely naked!

We tried to tell the cashier, this time it was a different lady from the one before, about the situation, but just like the other one she was unsympathetic to what had happened, she rolled her eyes and told us that she was informed about someone trying to scam them out of clothes by pretending to have things stolen from them.

"I wasn't pretending! I really did get things stolen from me!" I protested, feeling frustrated about the mistrust.

"Twice? Besides, you said earlier you had your purse stolen, but I saw you walk in with it, I bet you have it stashed here somewhere!" the cashier retorted angrily, and I was at the verge of tears.

"Come on lady, we don't care what it is, just give her something to wear, I'll pay for it." Gary tried pleading with the cashier, but I knew he hadn't gotten paid yet this month, so I doubted he had much on him. The irritated cashier sighed as she looked at me, I guess she was starting to feel guilty watching me stand here naked and about to have a breakdown in the middle of the store, that or she wanted to avoid making a scene.

"Fine, you can have some of our off-season stock, but you have to put it on right here in front of me and leave immediately." the cashier left for a bit, and came back with what I can only describe as one of the skimpiest micro bikinis I have ever seen, the top was barely two pieces of cloth sown to a few strings that were tied together, the bottom was even less.

And so I got dressed as hastily as possible before getting escorted out of the store again, only difference was that I was nearly naked this time around.

It was only when we were outside that I noticed, on top of the bikini being so tiny, it was so thin it was practically see through, the top would constantly shift off my nipples, and everyone in the mall might as well have seen me naked, and I wish that was the end of it

As we were walking through the mall amidst the leers and laughs, hoping to get out of there and cut my losses after this humiliating ordeal, I felt a tug against my flimsy bottoms, and was surprised to see a girl running away with it in hand.

I looked down at my now bare hips and crotch, still shocked, then looked back up to see Gary running after the thief, and within a few seconds, someone took my arms behind my back and tied them together, I looked down to see myself completely naked, my top gone as well.

I felt blood rush to my ears, people around me chattering busily as they watched on without anyone offering to help, and at the same time I felt my nipples were aching painfully, some juices began trickling down my legs, somehow, in this situation. I found myself instantly horny.

"I knew it was 'streaker Sarah' the moment you walked in!" I recognized the voice, it was the first cashier who forced me to strip, I felt her hands pinch one of my nipples and let out a moan against my will "I told my friend that we could play a little prank on you."

I turned my head back only to see the second cashier in front of me, she stuffed something in my mouth, it was my stolen bottoms!

The two girls began playing with my body, squeezing my breasts, twisting my nipples and fingering my pussy, I had been stripped so easily by two strangers and was now being paraded in front of a crowded mall, nobody bothered to help me, in fact, many people took out their phones and began recording, I was already a named celebrity and this was business as usual to everyone in town.

The thought of anyone being able to strip me without suffering consequences essentially flipped a switch in my brain, and I came on the spot, orgasming for the cheering crowd as my juices squirted out as I stood there in the middle of the mall.

I wasn't allowed to rest as the girls smacked my ass and pushed me into the crowd, hands began crawling all over my body, my breasts continued to be groped, my nipples pinched and flicked, my ass spanked and squeezed and my pussy fingered even more.

Just as I was about to have a second orgasm, Gary returns after his futile chase, only to see me in my humiliating state, he laughs and jokes about how he can't leave me alone.

However, instead of helping me, Gary took out his cell phone, told me to say cheese and hit record just as I had my second (but not last) orgasm of the day.

I was then paraded around the mall as the two girls proceeded to invite every other mall goer to molest and play with my body like I was public property, I wondered if the security guard from earlier would swoop in and put me out of my "misery", only to notice him in the crowd as he approached... and began squeezing my breasts.

My humiliation was complete, I had no escape, I was now the town exhibitionist, my boyfriend was content taking pictures of me as I had yet another orgasm in public.

I have to say, I didn't mind that much either.

Gary finally took me home after the ladies gave him my clothes and purse back, not to me though, I had to walk back to the car naked as everyone watched me stumble back.

We reached the apartment building, and Gary told me that if I get stripped without him around not to feel too guilty about what I'm made to do, as long as I was safe.

I didn't know how to feel about that, it was nice knowing he cared about my well being, but I just had to roll my eyes when he told me to try my best to get him a video of whatever happens.

That said, I did feel a little tingle thinking about what would happen to me.
