Incest Was Best
By Perry Jones


Introduction:  This is a continuing serial story.  Please read previous chapters for continuity.


	
Chapter Eight

	Jerry fucked savagely and sent his big, hard prick plunging even deeper into his daughter's throbbing cunt. She yelled from the sheer ecstasy she felt from having, at long last, her father's cock fucking her pussy. It felt so good. But she yelled, too, out of a sense of relief that, at last, she and her father understood each other. They wanted the same thing: to fuck each other! And it would no longer be necessary to pretend, or to play games. Now, they could be totally honest with each other and do what they both wanted more than anything else in the world-fuck and fuck some more!

	Kathy longed to throw her legs around her Daddy's ass and fuck her pussy up against his hairy crotch.

	"Untie me, Daddy! Please! she begged.

	Jerry groaned. "No, honey. I like the idea of you being tied up. I still have to punish you!"

	Kathy giggled. She knew it was more fun for him this way. And, suddenly, she realized that it was more fun for her too! She loved the idea of her big strong daddy raping her with his huge, hard cock!

	Jerry was in heaven. This was a dream come true. For so long now, he had wanted to fuck his sexy, big-titted little girl. And he had more than one wet dream about fucking her. But this was no dream. It was the real thing and it felt better than he had thought it could, even in his wildest fantasies.

	Now that it was all out in the open and he knew that his daughter wanted him to fuck her, he didn't really understand why he wanted to keep her tied up. He didn't know why he wanted to "rape" her. But he just knew that the more violently he fucked her, the bigger and thicker and harder his cock became and he loved it!

	He began to grind his hips in a circular motion, fucking his prick into her cunt even farther. He couldn't get over how small and tight her cunthole was, just like a virgin's pussy! How he loved the feel of fucking his big prick into that small fuckhole and feeling her cunt muscles sucking at it. And knowing that it was his very own daughter he was fucking really turned him on!

	"Oooooh, Daddy, that's soooooo good," Kathy moaned, her entire body trembling under -the impact of her father's savage fucking. And, still, she wanted more cock! Her cunt was oozing out more and more pussy-juice, lubricating his big cock so it could fuck easily in and out-even though his prick was so big it felt as though it were tearing her cunt in two.

	She tossed and turned on her father's bed, in a frenzy of lust, the ropes cutting into her ankles and wrists painfully. But the pain just added to her pleasure as she moaned to her father to give her even more of his big fucker!

	"You goddamn whore!" Jerry yelled as he bent and sucked her huge tits into his hungry mouth, his head moving rapidly from one tit to the other. He could taste her blood from the beating he had given her. He nibbled on the turgid nipples, biting into them with his sharp teeth.

	"Owwww, Daddy!" Kathy cried, but she was smiling and he saw it.

	"Shut up, cunt!" he thundered, continuing to suck and nibble on his little girl's tits.

	Kathy couldn't get enough of her father's rigid cock. The feel of his gigantic prick deep inside her cunt and the knowledge that it was her own daddy who was fucking her, thrilled her so much that she began to come.

	"Ohhh, Daddy, commmiiinggggg!" she screamed, writhing in ecstasy as her climax began. Her orgasm smashed through her cunt, her cunt muscles squeezing down on the cock hotly fucking inside her pussy.

	Jerry felt his daughter's cunt muscles contracting over and over again as she came. And it was all he could do not to come, himself. He longed to come, to fill his little girl's pussy with his hot, thick cum. But not yet. He wasn't ready for that yet, even though his balls were churning painfully. He was enjoying fucking her far too much to end it so soon!

	He fucked her even harder now, brutally ramming his large prick up her juicy cunt. Every fuck-thrust of his cock into her streaming pussy just added fuel to the fire already out of control between her legs. Throwing her head from side to side, her long blonde hair whipping about her face, she moaned aloud and begged her father for even more cock.

	"More, Daddy, more!" she chanted over and over. "Harder! Deeper! Oh, God, I love your cock sooooo much! It's sooooo big and sooooooo hard! More! More!"

	Her father lifted her ass up off the bed and, fucking as hard as was humanly possible, he buried his prick to the hilt deep within her juicy spasming cunt. His gigantic cock set off erotic sensations inside her cunt that she had never even felt before and she came again and again, feeling dizzy and light-headed from the forceful impact of her orgasms.

	"Oh, Jeeeesus! That's it! I want your prick so baaaaaaad, Daddy! I love it! Fuck me haaaaard!"

	Again, she came. She had never had so many orgasms so close together and they made her tremble and quiver with desire. Each climax was more powerful than the one just before it and the young girl felt as though she would pass out if she didn't stop coming soon.

	"Ohhhh, baby!" her father cried. "This is the best fuck I've ever had and, believe me, I've had some beauties!"

	"Really, Daddy, really?" Kathy managed to ask, although her words came out tremulously as she continued to come. She felt so proud that her father thought she was a good fuck. She wanted to be good. For him. She loved him so much!

	"I'll say! Your little pussy is so juicy and so tight! God, I Jove fucking your cunt!"

	Kathy concentrated on contracting then loosening, her cunt muscles, squeezing her daddy's cock when he fucked it into her pussy. Then, she would loosen her pussy muscles, allowing him to draw his cock out again. And, all this time, they were both groaning and moaning with fuck-lust for each other.

	Kathy lifted her head and saw her daddy's huge, throbbing cock thrusting repeatedly between her swollen, tingling cunt lips. She saw the big blue vein on his cock pulsing with lust and she moaned. How beautiful her father's prick was!

	Over and over, he fucked his cock in and out of his little girl's slippery, clenching cunt. She could feel the plum-tipped cock-head pressing hotly against her tight cunt walls, stretching them to the breaking point.

	Kathy's cunt walls sucked and milked her daddy's prick as he continued to fuck her hard. She tensed and relaxed and then she came hard again. So many orgasms, one on top of the other! She couldn't believe how much her strong, handsome, sexy father turned her on!

	Jerry reached under Kathy and gripped her ass-cheeks in a tight, firm hold. He squeezed her ass and her cunt walls smashed down even harder around his ramming, fucking cock. He jabbed his finger into her ass-crack and plunged it into her small tight asshole, fucking it in and out in perfect timing with his cock-fucking thrusts.

	"Ohhhhh, yesssssss, Daddy! That feels sooooo good! Fuck meeeeee!" Kathy screamed.

	"I'll fuck you, all right, you lousy little whore! All you cunts are the same! Just give you a good stiff cock and you're happy!"

	"Ohhhh, yeah, that's right! Just keep fucking me and I'll be happy, Daddy! I love you fucking me!" Kathy cried, thrusting her pussy up high in the air to meet her daddy's slamming cock.

	His daughter's lewd words filled Jerry with even more lust and he arched his back and fucked his bursting prick even deeper into her tight cunt. His strong hard finger fucked her asshole and his huge churning balls slapped wetly against her ass.

	Kathy moaned over and over, loving everything her father did to her. She felt more wanton and depraved than ever before. She felt like a bitch in heat. She simply could not get enough of her daddy's massive cock-shaft up her cunthole.

	Jerry fucked furiously into his daughter's tight, grasping, sucking pussy, gasping as she tensed her cunt muscles around his pulsating prick, it was hard to believe she was not a virgin-her pussy was amazingly small and tight. Yet, she fucked like an old pro! Jerry realized how lucky he was to have such a horny little girl around to fuck anytime he wanted.

	"You sweet, fuckin' little hot bitch!" Jerry groaned. His balls screwed up tightly against the base of his cock and he felt himself beginning to come, unable to restrain himself any longer. Panting hard, he fucked his cock faster and faster, harder and deeper, into his daughter's slick pussy.

	"Commmmiiinnng, Kat! Commminnnggggg!" he yelled.

	"Ohhhh, yeah, Daddy!' Kathy yelled excitedly, "Do it! Shoot your wad up my pussy! I have to feel your jizz!" She sobbed with raw lust, tossing her body around violently on the bed, waiting for her father to shoot his load inside her twitching pussy.

	Jerry's cock jerked and pulsed inside her pussy as a hot rush of cum shot from his piss-hole and filled her cunt to overflowing. His creamy jism poured out of her pussy and ran down her legs in obscene streams.

	As he kept coming, he fucked his daughter furiously over and over, shooting wad after wad of his thick, foamy jizz. He had never shot so much cum before. And he knew instinctively it was because of the incredibly hot thrill he felt from fucking his very own kid!

	"Ohhh, God, Daddy! It feels sooooo good! I love your jism!" Kathy cried and she felt herself coming again as even more of her father's hot jism spilled into and out of her cunthole, splashing wetly onto the bed below.

	Finally, Jerry stopped coming and he pulled his softening prick from his little girl's fuckhole, which was still spasming with the last of her climaxes. He fell onto the bed next to her and patted her tits fondly.

	"Great fuck, Kathy!" he groaned.

	"I'll say! The best!" she smiled at her beloved father.

	For a few minutes, the two lovers lay quietly in each other's arms, kissing each other now and then. Finally, Kathy roused herself and she lovingly stroked her father's limp cock.

	"So soft now," she murmured huskily.

	"You sucked the life right out of my cock, honey!" her father said, with a smile.

	Kathy giggled. "Oh, you mean I sucked it with my pussy?"

	You got it, baby," Jerry answered, patting her wet cunt.

	"Daddy!" Kathy squealed excitedly. "Could I really suck your cock? Now? Please!"

	Jerry laughed. It did his heart and his cock, good to hear such a young horny teenager begging him to let her suck his cock! And his own daughter at that!

	"I never could refuse you anything, Kathy. Go to it!" he said, lying back and closing his eyes in anticipation of his little girl sucking him off.

	"Oooooh, thanks, Daddy! I can't wait!" Kathy yelled as she knelt between his legs, her rigid nipples grazing the inside of his hairy, muscular thighs.

	She took his soft cock in her hands, staring at it hungrily, feeling her cunt beginning to itch and drool fresh cunt-juice. Then she sucked her daddy's prick hungrily into her mouth, teasing the oozing cum-slit with her tongue. She massaged his balls while she sucked the full length of his prick as hard as she could.

	She felt his cock hardening slightly in her mouth and she groaned in triumph and pleasure. As his cock grew in her mouth, she took more and more of it in, finally feeling the throbbing cock-head strike the back of her throat.

	Over and over, the young horny girl sucked her father's cock, making it as hard and big as she could, feeling his prick humming with new blood as it slowly filled her entire mouth,

	"Oh, baby, you got it! You suck cock really good!" Jerry said approvingly as he reached down and grabbed his daughter's big swinging tits. He pinched the turgid nipples, making her whimper with pain and lust.

	Finally, when she judged that her daddy's cock must be its full ten inches, Kathy took a deep breath and swallowed hard, fighting against gagging, the way Tony had taught her a long time ago. She wanted to deep-throat her father's prick.

	When the gagging sensation had passed, Kathy sucked even more of her daddy's cock down her throat. She was expertly deep-throating his prick now and she loved it.

	And so did Jerry! He had never had his cock sucked so skillfully, even though far older women had sucked him off and his wife was no slouch in the blow-job department, either. But there was something about the expert way that Kathy was using her lips and tight throat muscles that filled him with more pleasure than he had ever experienced from a chick sucking his cock!

	"Wow, Kat! Wowwwwww! You're great! Do it, baby! Suck your daddy's cock!" he yelled hoarsely as he pressed against the back of her neck, urging her to take even more of his huge, pulsating prick down her throat.

	Kathy groaned, pleased by the compliment. She hadn't known for sure if her father would like the way she sucked cock. But obviously he did!

	The young girl sucked harder, tightening and loosening her throat muscles around her daddy's stiffening cock-rod. His huge ten-incher was rock hard now, pulsing with new life. She had never felt a prick so hard in all her life and it made her feel proud to know that she had aroused her beloved father that much.

	Kathy slipped one hand underneath her father's bucking ass and rammed two fingers into his asshole while she continued to deep-throat his massive prick.

	"Oh, God, that feels great, Kat!" he cried. He felt his cock hardening and jerking in his daughter's hot, sucking mouth and he felt as though he could shoot his load any minute. But he tried to hold back, wanting to delay the wonderful, inevitable moment.

	Suddenly, Kathy released her throat muscles and slipped her father's cock out of her mouth.

	"What the hell?" Jerry protested. He started to sit up.

	"Shhh, Just relax, Daddy," Kathy said, pushing him back down on the bed.

	She smiled sweetly at her father and, opening her mouth again, she gently took the head of his aching prick into her mouth, closing her lips tightly around the blue-veined cock-shaft. Her tongue pressed hotly against his swollen cock-head and he moaned with pleasure.

	He had thought his daughter wasn't going to suck him off any more, but he couldn't have been more wrong. She was obviously determined to give him the best blow-job of his life!

	Kathy could feel her daddy's cock throbbing harder and harder as she continued to suck on his big fuck-pole.

	"Suck me, baby! Suck my cock!" Jerry cried, bucking his hips, grinding his crotch against her sucking mouth.

	Kathy sucked in her cheeks hard, increasing the suction down her throat, sucking and licking the full length of his prick now. As she sucked hard, Jerry jerked his hips off the bed and thrust his cock in and out, fucking her hot mouth, sick now with his pre-cum.

	"Ohhhh, yesss, Kathy! Suck your old man!"

	She flared her nostrils to allow herself to breathe around the thickness of her father's prick. She bobbed her head up and down, letting his swollen cock fuck in and out of her throat.

	Jerry groaned with ecstasy. His hips and ass lunged upwards, fucking his cock down his little girl's sucking throat. She could feel his prick trembling and jerking between her wetly pursed lips and between her tightly clenching throat muscles.

	Jerry gasped when he felt his daughter's small, soft hands stroking his balls, trying to coax forth his load of cum.

	"Oh, God, yes, Kat! Yesssss! Suck it! Suck it! Suck my prick!" he cried, half out of his mind with fuck-lust.

	Kathy heard the sound of her wet lips sliding over her father's prick and she turned on even more. She was hotter than ever now and her cunt was oozing out gallons of her hot, thick pussy-cream.

	She deep-throated his massive cock once again, taking it all the way down her throat. Then, just as she had done before, she waited until the gagging reflex had passed before she started to work her tight, sucking throat muscles around her father's throbbing cock.

	Now, she was sucking his cock into her throat so deeply that her nose was buried in the bed of curly prick hairs and she was having trouble breathing. She could feel his cock-knob pulsing against her tonsils and the incredibly erotic sensation filled her with raw desire.

	She moaned obscenely as she licked and sucked and teased the full length of her daddy's huge cock.

	Sucking him off was a dream come true, just like fucking him had been and she wanted to make every second count. She would give her father the best blow-job he had ever had.

	"Arrrrghhhhh, gonna pop, you little cock-sucker!" Jerry suddenly shouted. He reached down and pulled hard oh Kathy's bobbing tits, pinching the rigid nipples until she whimpered in pain.

	His cock jerked upward, jamming the roof of her sucking mouth. She could feel his entire cock twitching and jerking violently and she knew he was about to spill his creamy load into her mouth. She could hardly wait.

	As Kathy's cunt spasmed with the beginning of her own orgasm, she felt the first explosion of her father's hot cum splash wetly into her throat. His cum slid down her tongue, into her belly, filling it warmly. The tangy taste and creaminess of his jism thrilled her and she came hard herself.

	As her quivering fuckhole poured out buckets of her own creamy cum, Kathy grabbed her father's ass, pulling his crotch closer to her as she tried hard to swallow every drop of his delicious cum.

	Jerry held her head tightly between both hands and pulled it forward and back, forward and back, groaning loudly as he fucked her mouth with his cum-spouting prick, pumping his jism deeply into her throat. His slippery, pulsing cock fucked her mouth and throat deeply, the hot cum shooting from its tip and cascading rapidly down her throat.

	The young girl whimpered and moaned with pleasure. She had never experienced a greater joy or a bigger turn-on than sucking her daddy's cock. She couldn't believe how much cum he had. And all for her!

	Her father's hot cock-knob throbbed against her tonsils as yet more foamy cum gurgled down her throat.

	"Suck it all, Kat! Swallow all my cum!" Jerry yelled.

	Kathy wanted to! Nothing mattered to her right now except draining her father's gigantic prick of all that hot, exciting, toe-curling, delicious cum and swallowing it all into her belly, where it made her feel warm and good.

	Kathy sucked and sucked and sucked some more. And her daddy's prick continued to spill its load of jism as it jerked and fucked in her mouth and down her throat.

	As the tempo of his coming increased, so did Kathy's sucking. She sucked harder and faster, trying to keep up with him. But, in spite of her valiant efforts, some of his cum bubbled up and escaped from her lips. As the last of his thick, foamy cum splashed down her throat, some of it oozed from her mouth, dribbling down her chin, finally splashing onto her heaving tits.

	All this time, Kathy was having her own orgasm. But, finally, both of their climaxes ended and, once again, they relaxed in each other's arms. "I love you so much, Daddy," Kathy murmured.

	"Me too, baby. I love you too. Now more than ever," Jerry answered as he pressed his mouth to hers.

	
To Be Continued
