How did it begin?
By onemadvagabond
Chapter  10

I was on my way to meet Amy per Ashleys orders.  I did not want to do what she had told me to do, but what choice did I have?  I couldnt sit by and watch my parents get thrown in prison could I?  I know it seemed a little selfish at the time, but all day I had been wondering how they could do something like that to me.  Despite those feelings, I was not ready to let Ashley ruin my family.  My mother had asked me on several occasions what was bothering me, but I just said nothing.  How could I tell her what was bothering me?  Well mom, since you and dad fucked a teenage girl, I have to do what my mortal enemy tells me and go give my virginity to my boyfriends friend or you and dad will end up in jail.

I pulled my friend Becca aside before the movie to tell her that as far as my mother was concerned I had spent the night at her house.  She wanted to know what was going on, but I just asked her to please cover for me and maybe I could tell her another time.   Becca reluctantly agreed and left it at that.  It wouldnt be a problem with my mother as Becca was the only friend that she trusted enough to not ask questions when I informed her of the sleep over.  Of course, seeing as it was my birthday, she didnt feel the need to ask any questions at all.

I had seen Amys car through the glass doors leading outside the mall but I stayed inside as my friends parents picked them up.  I didnt want to take the chance that any of my friends parents would have reason to ask questions so I erred on the side of caution and hoped she would not leave before all of my friends left.

Amy was staring at me as I as I walked towards her car.  Neither of us said anything as I climbed in and sat down and quickly buckled my seat belt.  I sat there nervously waiting for her to start the car and take me to Mikes.  I could have snuck out of my house, but I didnt think that Ashley was willing to take the chance that I couldnt do it without getting caught.  It seemed to me at the time as if she had been planning that day for a while.  I found it very awkward sitting there with Amy staring at me for what seemed like several minutes and knowing exactly why I was there.

So look Emily, IIm really sorry about this.  If I could fix this I would, but Ashley told me that if I dont help her, well my parents are on that video too. She said looking away for the first time.  I know you must hate me for this.

Up to that point I had mostly been thinking of myself.  Was what I did to Ashley so bad that she would threaten to turn her friends parents into the police if she didnt help in my blackmail?  It was at that point that I realized just what kind of person Ashley really was.  She was a sick person so bent on revenge for a prank that she would ruin so many lives without hesitation.

Those things you did with our parents, did they make you? I asked when I finally found my voice.

No, no they didnt.  I found some of their home movies and I had never seen anything so exciting, and I just knew I wanted to be a part of what they were doing.  You probably think its disgusting what I did with my mom and dad, but I dont see it that way.  We love each other and just choose to share that love in a different way than others.  I always tried to be careful, but I love having sex with my dad, and well, Ashley saw us. Amy paused for a moment and pulled a cigarette out, lit it and took a couple of drags before continuing.  The next day Ashley told me about the plan she came up with to finally get proper payback for what you did, but what shelook Emily, shes serious and seriously fucked up.  Please do what she says.  I dont think shes joking when she says shell turn the tape over to the police.

Why didnt you stop her Amy, why did you help her get a video?  All you did was make it worse for everyone.  I said angrily.  You didnt have to help her.

I was scared.  She saw me having sex with my father.  She told me if I didnt help she would tell everyone, our friends, her parents, the principal and teachers at school.  I didnt have a choice.  She promised that if I helped her get a video of your parents and me together that she would leave my mom and dad out of it, but she fucking lied.  She said pausing again to take another drag off her cigarette.  Please just do what she wants.  Go have sex with Mike.  Shell tell your friends that youre a slut that fucked Evans best friend behind his back and shell tell Evan the same thing.  Ill help you explain things to Evan.  Hes a good guy Emily, hell forgive you.

Yeah right.  Lets just fucking go already. I snapped at her.  Surprising myself at the use of foul language, I almost never cursed.  I was tired of her whining about herself and her parents and acting like everything was going to be just fine.  Just fine?  I was being taken to give my virginity away as payback for a prank I pulled a year ago.  Nothing was fine.

-------

Thirty minutes later we were pulling into Mikes driveway.  As soon as the car came to a stop I reached for the door handle, and realized for the first time how nervous I was.  Was I actually getting blackmailed into having sex with someone?  Could I really do this?  Could I really have sex with Mike?  I didnt even like him that much, and now I was being forced to give him my virginity, but there was something else, something I couldnt quite put my finger on at the time.

Will Ashley really give that tape to the police if I dont do this? I asked Amy hoping she would say no so I could just go home, but I knew that she wouldnt.

Yes she will Emily.  I would take your place in a heartbeat if I could, but youre the one shes after and you know that.  Look, losing your cherry isnt that big a deal, and Evan isnt like his sister, in fact, hell hate her after this, so dont worry so much.  Here, let me give you my number.  You can call me tomorrow and well talk about it OK. She replied as she pulled a pen and paper out of the glove box, handing me the paper when she was done.  Dont worry so much Emily.  Sleep with Mike, let Ashley get her revenge and Ill help you deal with Evan. Offering me a little smile and grasping my hand for apparent moral support.

You promise? I asked.

I swear Emily.  Besides, Ashley has been carrying a grudge against me too.  If you remember, I laughed my butt off when you did that to her, She answered with a slight chuckle, and if you also remember, she was really mad at me and Julie for laughing instead of helping.

I didnt say anything.  I just hoped she was being honest with me.  I couldnt see why she wouldnt be seeing as she stood to lose her parents as well if I didnt do what Ashley wanted.  None of what she had said to me made things any easier.  I had always thought I would lose my virginity to Evan.  We had only been dating officially for a little over a year at that point, but really we had been together our entire lives.  We had been best friends for fifteen years and I was about to betray him but it was either betray him or lose my parents.  I just hoped that he would understand why I had to make the choice that I did.

One of the garage doors to Mikes house was open and his moms car was gone.  Mike usually hung out in his basement so I went into the garage and knocked on the basement door.  I didnt hear anything and was about to knock a second time when the door opened.  Mike stood there with his typical stupid grin on his face, and wearing nothing but a pair of those long jean shorts that were popular at the time.  Why did it have to be Mike?  Well, considering that Ashley knew that I didnt really care for Mike that much anymore, of course it had to be him.  That would make what I was about to do even more humiliating.

Its not that I really hated him; its just that he was always getting in the way.  I didnt know if it was because Evan and I were dating and he was jealous of the time we spent together or what, but the way he would always invite himself along had been getting on my nerves for some time.

Lets get this over with. I said with disdain.

Drop the attitude Emily.  It wont make this shit any easier, so go inside and have a seat while I finish rolling a couple of joints to get you to fuckin relax a little.  Fuckin stuck up  He paused, took a deep breath, and placed his right hand on my back just below my shoulder.  I flinched at his touch.  Mike pulled his hand away as if he were surprised by my reaction.  Im sorry Emily.  Please just go inside and have a seat OK.

I hesitated a moment before resigning myself to my fate and moved past him into the basement that I had been in many times before and took a seat on the end of the sofa in the middle of the room.  Where are your parents?  I asked wondering how long they would be gone.

They went out and wont be back tonight so dont worry about them.  He replied as he finished rolling a joint and quickly lit it.  Mike took a long drag before handing it to me.  I took it figuring I might as well get high in the hopes that it would help me to get through this.  I had only gotten stoned a couple of times before that and didnt care for it very much.

Mike was rolling a second joint as we passed the first one back and forth without saying anything.  He was nudging me to take multiple drags before taking another one himself.  I had hoped that when I arrived we could just get it over with, but apparently that wasnt the case.  My head was spinning by the time we finished the first one.

He dropped the roach in the ashtray and stood up.  Im gonna grab a soda, do you want one?

God yes, I am so thirsty.  I said giggling.  I was so stoned that I had almost forgotten why I was there.  Mike stomped up the stairs and left me there giggling to myself.

He came back a couple of minutes later with two cans of soda, a blanket and a couple of pillows.  There it was.  Once again, what I had hoped wouldnt happen was indeed going to happen.  Since he said his parents would be gone all night, I had figured we would go to his room.  Here you go.  He said handing me one of the cans.  I took it from him, opened it and quickly downed almost half the can.  I was so thirsty.

Mike laid the blanket in the middle of the room with the two pillows and then proceeded to drink his own soda.  I set my half empty can on the end table and just stared at the blanket.  That was where I would lose my virginity, on an old blanket in the middle of a basement to a guy that I did not love.  My giggling had faded now that my deflowering was about to begin, but the fog from smoking most of the entire joint by myself was clouding my vision and had left me in a comfortably numb state from head to toe.

I had been staring at the center of the room for some time when I noticed lights being turned off, until the only light left was from a lamp on the same end table where I placed my drink.  That one light was enough to leave the area occupied by the blanket well lit.

He walked over and stood next to that blanket.  I know Ashley told you to do everything I said, so Im going to give you instructions and I want you to follow them without giving me a problem.  He stated in a calm voice.

I heard him, but in my stoned state I hadnt quite understood what he said.  Huh?

I said I know Ashley told you to do everything I said.  So Im going to give you instructions and I want you to follow them without giving me a problem.  You understand?

Yeah, I understand.  Can we just please get this over with so I can get on with my life?  I answered him with rolling eyes.

I saw his fists clench and immediately got a little worried.  I didnt think he would hit me, but I wasnt all that confident that he wouldnt.  I really wish you wouldnt make this any harder than it is.  He said with slightly clenched teeth, he waited a moment before continuing.  Ive wanted to fuck you for so long, and now Im going to do it whether you like it or not.  You need to understand that when this is all over with, when Ashley is done getting her revenge on you, Evan is going to dump your ass.  I want you to know that I will still be here though.  He walked over and stood in front of me, looking down.

You are meant to be with me Emily.  Once Evan finds out that you let me fuck you while he was visiting his poor sick grandpa, hes going to dump your ass.  Shes going to tell all of your friends that you are a cheating slut that just wanted to get laid by a real man.  Shes going to spread the rumors that you fucked not just me but other guys too.  No guy will want to date you Emily.  They will only want to fuck you.  Ill be here for you though Em.  Thats how it should be.  You might not see it yet, but I know you will.

Mike bent down and forcefully pressed his lips to mine and kissed me.  The first thing I thought was that was not part of the agreement and pulled back, but he just grabbed my head in both hands and forced his mouth back onto mine for a few moments before breaking the kiss.  Holding my face close to his, he stared into my eyes.  Youre going to kiss me back Em.  Youre not going to fight it when I grab your tits, your ass, your pussy or anything else I want to grab.  Were going to fuck and youre going to join in and not just lie there.  You may think youre being forced to do this, but we both know that you had a choice.  If you really thought this was so unthinkable, you wouldnt be here, so as far as I see it Em, you need to stop acting like this wasnt your choice.  Now Im going to kiss you again and youre going to fuckin kiss me back.  He snarled.

He pulled my face to his and kissed me again pushing his tongue against my lips.  I hesitated a moment and he squeezed on my head with his hands letting me know to stop resisting.  I opened my mouth and let his tongue enter.  I couldnt believe I was kissing another boy besides Evan.  It wasnt a good kiss.  He was being rough and forcing his tongue too far into my mouth as if he were trying to stick it down my throat.  I just let him do what he wanted.  I was becoming afraid that he would hurt me if I resisted.

Once I gave into the kiss he relaxed his grip on my head and dropped his left hand to my right breast and began needing it roughly.  Fuck Emily.  Ive wanted to feel these little titties for so fuckin long.  He said as he broke the kiss and began focusing on my breasts.  Mike let go of my breast and stood up straight.

Take your shirt and bra off.  Ive got to see those tits.  I hesitated just long enough for him to think I was going to resist.  I let out a small scream as the t-shirt I was wearing was ripped halfway down the front, exposing my bra covered breasts to him.  No more resisting.  Take the fuckin shirt and bra off now.  He snapped.

I quickly removed what was left of my shirt and removed my bra, tossing it to the side.  For the first time in my life, a guy was looking at my bare breasts.  I didnt bother covering them because I knew it would just make him more upset.  He stared for a moment before grasping each of my breasts with one of his hands and almost mauling them.  He squeezed them roughly pinching each of my nipples with a fair amount of force, causing me to gasp at the small amount of pain I felt from the rough treatment.  I didnt know if he was being rough on purpose or he just didnt know a girl would rather have her breasts caressed and not mauled. 

This went on for a couple of minutes when I felt a dampening between my legs.  I hated what he was doing to me and at that moment I hated him, so why was my vagina getting wet?  It wasnt right.  I shouldnt have been feeling that way.  Why was my body betraying me?

Finish striping.  I have got to see your pussy.  He said moving back slightly as if it would give him a better overall view.

I didnt hesitate that time.  Standing up, I undid my jeans and quickly slid them down my slim legs and stepped out of them, leaving me in my plain white bikini panties.  Putting my thumbs in the waistband, I paused just a moment before slipping them down and off my legs.  That was it; I was completely naked in front of someone other than another girl for the first time.

Oh fuck Em, you are so God damn hot.  Evan doesnt deserve such a hot fuckin girlfriend. I hated him calling me that.  Em was supposed to be reserved for Evan.  Not to mention the fact that he seemed to think he was the one who deserved me.  The guy, who was all but raping me and betraying my boyfriend at the same time, thought he deserved me more.  I almost laughed in his face at that, but despite the fact that I found it amusing he thought he deserved me over my boyfriend, my body was betraying me.  The situation was too much.  As it had been that morning with the situation and the way Ashley had spoken to me, my body was betraying me and my vagina was soaked.  Whats wrong with me? I thought as I realized how wet I had become.

Mike stared at me for a few moments before undoing his shorts, pushing them down his legs and stepping out of them leaving us both naked.  I couldnt help but look down at his already hard manhood.  It was the first time I had seen a guy completely naked.  I had heard stories about the size of the average guy, and he looked like he was average at best.  Everything about him was average.  He grabbed my arm firmly and began pulling me towards the blanket.  Lie down.  He told me and I complied without argument.  Mike looked me over one last time before pushing my legs apart and kneeling between them.  He grabbed his penis and began moving forward towards my vagina.

Mike wait, you need to wear a condom.  I said putting my hands on his on his chest to stop him.

Sorry, no rubbers Emily.  I made a deal with Ashley to be your first, and that deal did not include a raincoat, so get your hands off my chest.  Its time to pop that cherry babe.  He said with an air of arrogance.

What?  You cant Mike!  Im serious.  Im not on birth control.  You have to use a condom.  I responded with alarm.

He grabbed my wrists and pinned my arms above my head with his hands as he lowered himself on top of me.  No, please Mike, please dont do this.  I pleaded with him as panic began to set in.  I began to struggle to free my arms, but he was too strong.  I felt his manhood reach the entrance of my vagina, forcing my labia apart to push against my hymen.  Please dont do this.  I said as my eyes began to water.  I had accepted the fact that I had made the conscious choice to be there, but I didnt want it to be like that.

Maybe you should have thought this through a little longer before agreeing to it then.  He told me just before his penis tore through my virginity, sending half his length into me as I screamed out from the pain it caused.  Oh fuck yes Em!  He yelled as he pulled out slightly before pushing further into me.

Ow, ow, ow, Mike please, youre hurting me.

Sorry babe, cant stop now.  Your cherries gone, but I gotta blow a load inside you before its official.  You should be happy.  A real man made you a woman instead of that pussy Evan.  He said with a grunt as he pushed.

I stopped pleading with him when he said that.  My body may have betrayed me originally, but my mind knew the truth of how I felt about him at that moment.  He actually thought I would be his when this was all over.  I had no idea if I was going to lose Evan over the decision I made, but I would bet that Mike was going to find out that Evan was no pussy.

A couple more thrusts had him buried fully inside me where he held still with eyes clenched tight.  As he held himself still for what had to be more than a minute, the pain became a dull ache.  His eyes opened and locked with mine.  Tears flowed out of my eyes and I turned my head away from him.

Mike reached up onto the small coffee table and grabbed the second joint he had rolled and lit it.  Here, smoke some of this, itll calm you down.  He said putting the joint to my lips.

I didnt argue with him, instead I just smoked more weed as instructed.  What did it matter now anyway?  My virginity was gone and Evan would soon know that even though it was to protect my parents, I had cheated on him.  Much like the first joint, I smoked most of it as he took short strokes inside me.  Once the second joint was nothing but another roach in the ashtray, he gave a little smile then began to move inside me.  Slowly with the first few strokes then as he picked up the pace he let go of my arms and buried his head into my shoulder.

Oh fuck Em!  Fuck, you feel so fuckin good on my dick!  He exclaimed as thrust into me.  The pain was fading as my body betrayed me while Mike used me for his own pleasure.  His grunts were becoming more erratic.  My breathing was becoming heavier as the pleasure began to take over.  Oh fuck yeah!  Oh fuck, here it comes!  Ungh!  He grunted as he unleashed his cum inside of me.  A few short strokes later and he collapsed on top of me.  It was all over well before I even got close to receiving enough pleasure for my own orgasm.

He lay on top of me for several moments before slipping out and rolling over.  I didnt know what to do.  I was told by Ashley that I was to stay the night, so did that mean I would have to endure sex with Mike as many times as he wanted?

Having smoked the majority of two thick joints in such a short period of time had my head spinning.  I lay back on the blanket with my head propped up on both pillows and closed my eyes to stop the room from spinning.  I no longer had my virginity, but considering that it was over with so quick I felt that I had not been made a woman.  The only real reason I even remotely approached orgasm was purely from the situation.

I still couldnt figure out why certain things turned me on.  First it was watching my parents have sex with a minor, and then it was Ashley cornering me and my subservience to her by agreeing to such a sick perverted demand as giving my virginity away because she felt slighted by what I had done a year before.  Then you had the leaking of my fluids when Mike tore my shirt and the fact that even though I knew it had ultimately been my decision, once in the situation I had been given no choice to back out even though I wanted to.  Several moments had passed and I decided that I did not want to be in that situation anymore.  I was going to put my clothes on, go home and let the chips fall where they may.  I stood and turned to see Mikes dad Bob standing there completely naked stroking a cock that made Mikes look like a little boys.

I reached for the blanket to cover my naked body.  Dont you dare little lady.  There wont be any covering up here.  Your tight little body is too fuckin nice to be covered up anyway.  Besides, I havent got my dick wet yet and Ashley promised me some tight teen pussy tonight.  He stated as he continued to stroke his large cock.

What was he talking about?  I felt betrayed because Ashley told me it would be just me and Mike.  I was angry and shaken by the turn of events, but my juices were flowing like never before.  I was so confused.  I was so repulsed by the idea that Bob Fawler, a man that was, well he was old, just told me he was going to have sex with me and it was Ashley who had promised me to him.  It wasnt that he was bad looking, because he wasnt.  He was just like over two decades older than me.  One thing was for sure, he did have a big dick.  A dick.  There was no doubt that I had looked at Mike as having a penis, but Bob had a dick and I couldnt take my eyes off of it.  It was one of the most beautiful things I had ever seen.

You want this, I can tell.  He said while waving his sizeable manhood in my direction.  You know how I can tell?  You havent taken your eyes off of it since you turned around.  Now youre going to be a good little girl.  Youre gonna lie back down, spread your legs and were going to get to know one another very intimately.  Do you understand Emily? He said looking at me from head to toe.

I just knew that I wasnt getting out of there without having sex with him and said the only thing that came to mind.  Im not on the pill.  You have to

I dont have to do shit little girl.  You tried that shit on my son and you already fucked him without one, so I dont think one more load will hurt, and I just cant pass up the opportunity to put a load in you myself.  Go on, lie down and spread those sweet thighs for me.

I found myself excited by his big beautiful dick, but I didnt know what to do so I hesitated.  Bob immediately grabbed me and forced me to the floor.  He kissed me forcefully as he placed the head of that big dick to the entrance of my vagina and pushed.  Despite how wet I was, which was aided by the load of cum his son had deposited in me only moments before, it still hurt and I whimpered in pain.

You have such a tight pussy there girl.  Your virginity should have been mine, but I got tired of hearing Mike whine about it.  He said as he continued to force his large manhood into me.  My breathing was getting heavier and my vagina was getting wetter despite the discomfort of having such a large dick forcing its way into me and having just lost my virginity.  His comment must have upset Mike or he just didnt want to watch his dad have sex with his girl since moments after his dads comment I heard him stomping up the stairs.

N-No.  Please MR. Fawler.  Please dont do this.  I said trying to convince him to stop and attempting to convince myself that I did not want what my body seemed to crave.

Mr. Fawler.  You have always been so obedient, always calling adults by their last names, or sir and maam.  Always doing what youre told by your betters.  You know, Ashley and I had a little talk about how hot and wet you got when she confronted you with that video.  How she could smell your arousal when she had you backed into the wall.  How subservient you were when she pressed you.  I know you better than you know yourself.  You were meant to be treated like this.  You will never accept your true nature on your own though, so you will have to be forced to accept the truth.  He paused as he bottomed out inside me.  I couldnt believe that I had taken his entire length.  It felt as if he was stretching my insides.

Oh, um.  I moaned at the full feeling and the excitement I felt for taking such a large dick.  I kept saying no, but then my body would scream yes.

So fuckin wet.  Tell me how bad you want me to continue?  He said as he kissed me on the forehead.  Its OK to admit it little girl.  Its OK to admit you like my big cock stretching your tight little cunt.  He said as he pulled out slightly and pushed back in.

Dont stop, please.  I heard myself plead when he just stopped and held himself inside me again.  Why wasnt he just fucking me like his son had?

Tell me what you want little girl.  Tell me you want my big cock to make that pussy of yours feel good, to be fucked hard by a man.  You know you want it, all you have to do is tell me.  He said pulling out slightly and pushing back in hard causing me to moan.  Tell me girl.  Say please Mr. Fawler; please fuck my tight cunt hard with your big cock.

Um.  Another moan escaped me as he once again gave a very short stroke.  I didnt want that did I?  How could I want that?  How could I want someone older than my father to have sex with me?  Oh.  I exclaimed as he gave yet another short stroke inside me.

He leaned down and whispered in my ear.  Just ask little girl.

Please.  I whispered back.

Please what?  He asked me.  I didnt want to say it.  Please stop?  Please pull out?  Or please fuck your tight cunt hard with my big cock?

Please fumake it feel good.  I said softly.

Are you fucking kidding me girl?  You know what I want to hear and how I want to hear it.  Tell me what you truly want.  Are you afraid of a few curse words?  Afraid mommy will wash your mouth out with soap?  He said as he gave me another impossibly short stroke.

Please Mr. Fawlerplease f-fuck my tight c-cunt hard with your big beautiful cock.  I said louder than I meant to as I was nearing an orgasm without him hardly moving inside me.  I had never used language like that and it turned me on even more.

Mr. Fawler pulled halfway out and pushed back in hard.  Oh fuck, you sexy little cunt.  You have the best fuckin pussy ever.  Oh God damn, I am going to enjoy every single time I dip my dick in this tight little pussy of yours.  He said as he held himself all the way inside me.  Since youre ready to get fucked little girl, its time to fuck.

With that said he slowly picked up the pace, pushing in harder and pulling out a little farther with each stroke.  This went on for several minutes before he buried himself inside me and stopped as he pushed his lips into mine and kissed me hard.  I instinctively wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him back pushing my tongue into his mouth.  He reached under me with both of his big hands and grabbed my ass cheeks squeezing them tight as our tongues fought with one another.  The big man once again began stroking his dick in and out in long fast strokes, abusing my tired, sore vagina with his relentless pounding.  

The pain caused my building orgasm to initially subside slightly, but with all the stimulation it was only a matter of time.  The heated kissing, the big hands enveloping my tight butt cheeks, and the contact his body made with my clit every time he bottomed out in me.  I was begging in my mind for him to not cum too soon like Mike had.  Almost there, just a little more.

I broke the kiss.  Oh God, yes Mr. Fawler!  Yes, Im cumming!  I screamed out loud as the most intense orgasm of my young life overtook my body.   One thing I didnt understand was why I was still calling him Mr. Fawler at that point.

Thats it you little bitch.  Cum on my fucking cock.  Oh, so fuckin tight.  Almost there.  Gonna fill you up you fuckin slut.  He grunted as he continued to pound into me several more times before stopping fully inside of me.  Take, ungh, that, ungh, you, ungh, sexy, ungh, slut.  He said as he was buried himself fully inside me and unleashing spurt after spurt of his seed into my unprotected teenage womb.  Just the thought of something so depraved along with the names he called me caused me to cum a second time as he finished his own orgasm.  He held still with his face just inches away from mine as he stared into my eyes.

Mr. Fawler pulled his cock out of me and rolled over to his back, putting his arm on his forehead.  I lay there in the afterglow of what I could only describe as amazing sex when he broke the mood.  Go get me a fuckin beer slut.  Once I drink that Ill be ready for you to start learning how to give head.

I knew I didnt have a choice so I stood up and immediately learned that when a man leaves a large amount of sperm in a female its going to start draining out as soon as you stand up.  I instinctively placed a hand under my vagina to keep it from dripping everywhere.

Just let it drain down your thighs little girl.  Thats what dirty sluts do, and if I know anything, its how to tell when a young woman is a dirty slut.  Now go get my beer slut.  He stated as he leaned up and smacked my ass with his big hand.  I squealed and glared at him.  Dont fuckin look at me like that slut.  I said get me a fuckin beer.  Her repeated again and began to stand up.  I didnt want to know what would happen if I waited for him to get up so I quickly made my way upstairs.

How could someone give you such pleasure yet be so mean at the same time?  I had to admit that the sex was amazing.  If sex was always that good then I was glad to be rid of my virginity, but I just hoped that Evan could forgive me and that sex with him would at least be somewhere close to how good it had been with Mr. Fawler.

I was startled as I turned from the fridge by Mike standing just inside the opposite entrance to the kitchen staring at my ass.  Is my dad done with you yet?  He asked as his eyes slowly moved up my body, stopping momentarily at my breasts before meeting my eyes.  The way he asked the question sounded as if he were hurt that his father had taken me from him.

Um, well not exactly I guess.  Can I ask you something?  I asked him as I spun the can of beer in my fingers, still feeling awkward being naked in front of him.

What?

Why are you a part of this?  Why would you help Ashley do something like this to a friend?

You mean were still friends, because you havent really treated me like a friend since you and Evan started dating, so why not?

I couldnt believe what he just said.  He obviously felt jilted by the fact that I chose Evan over him.  Are you serious?  Thats why you did it? Because you are jealous that I am dating Evan and want to spend time alone with him on occasion?  Thats not it at all though, is it Mike?  All that crap you said about me and Evan downstairs.  Youre not his friend, and what the hell makes you think I would choose you over him anyway?  You know what, I dont care.  Im going back downstairs to your father, at least he gave me an orgasm!  I yelled at him, then turned and started down the stairs.

Youre just mad because I popped your cherry instead of your precious little boyfriend, whore!  You better start being a lot nicer to me from now on cunt!  He yelled after me.

I was pissed.  He had betrayed me and Evan for the simple fact that he thought he deserved to be my boyfriend instead of Evan.  Mr. Fawler was sitting on the couch using what was left of my t-shirt to sit on.  I handed him his beer and sat down on the blanket with my legs crossed, which put my vagina on full display.  What was the point of modesty at this point anyway?

Mr. Fawler opened his beer and took a big drink.  What was all of the yelling about upstairs?

It was nothing.  Just your son proving hes a complete jerk.  I replied with my head down staring at the mess of cum that had leaked out of me.

Well, my boy thinks hes in love with you.

He sure has a funny way of showing it considering that he is helping Ashley blackmail me.  You're right though, he thinks hes in love with me, but he is only jealous of the fact that he lost out to Evan, and it took a blackmailing witch for him to have any chance at me.  I hate him.  I seethed.

Yeah, I can see that.  Im sure you hate me as well, but that and the fact that Im willing to sit here and talk to you like two normal people doesnt change anything.  You need to put all of that aside because things are different now little girl.  Ashley is playing a serious game.  She used her video as a means to blackmail me as well, even though all she had to do was ask me if I wanted some of your fine young pussy.  He said with a chuckle as he paused to finish drinking his beer.

I didnt understand what he was saying.  How could she have blackmailed him with the video too?  Then it hit me.  Something I had noticed but not really paid any attention to at the time.  The way the video jumped from one spot to another.  She had cut part of it out.  The part that showed Mr. and Mrs. Fawler, which means there was another video.

As I was saying, things are different now, in more ways than one.  How you ended up here doesnt matter.  There are two things I do know.  The first is the fact that you chose to do this yourself.  I cannot tell you whether that was the right choice or not, but it is the one that you made.  The second thing is that this situation is bringing out the real you whether you want it to or not.  Females like you are something special Emily.  You like to be dominated.  You have been dominated your whole life by everyone you have ever dealt with.  The only time you truly made a decision on your own is the one decision that ultimately got you into this situation.  You were born to be led around by others little girl.  When others are in control, it gets you excited.  To put it plainly, you are a submissive.  The most submissive female I have ever seen.  You so easily let others dictate what they want from you.  He set his beer can on the table.

I was originally in this because I couldnt pass up the opportunity to get some pussy from one of the sexiest little girls I have ever seen, but now you have presented me with another opportunity.  Come over here and kneel between my legs little girl.  He said as he patted his naked thigh.

I just stared at him for a second.  I wanted to get up and run because what he was saying was making me nervous, but against my better judgment I did as I was told.

You see Emily, Ashley has provided both of us the opportunity to experience what we both want and need most.  You are a natural submissive who I believe will get more excited the more humiliated and used you are.

Look Mr. Fawler

Do not interrupt me.  Mutual conversation time is over.  Ashley has a plan for you that your conscious mind will likely not like and try to rebel against, but your unconscious mind will revel in.  I will make you one promise.  If I think shes going to take things too far I will help you to stop her, but at the same time, I think you need this little girl.  Its for the best really.  You could have spent your whole life feeling as if something was missing, but now you wont have to.  What you need to realize is that as soon as you saw me standing there, you could have grabbed your clothes and left but you didnt.  Your subconscious mind overpowered your conscious mind and you stared at this big dick as if your life depended on it being inside you.  He said as he grabbed his large manhood and hefted it up for me to look at.  Kiss the head little girl.  Kiss it all over and then I want you to take it between your lips and suck on it.  Dont worry too much about not knowing what youre doing, itll come natural to you Im sure.

That big dick was getting hard.  I could see clear fluid begin to pool up at the tip.  His precum as we had learned in sex-ed class.  Once again I couldnt look away.  I had never wanted to do anything like that until that moment.  All of a sudden it seemed to be the only thing that mattered.  I leaned forward and kissed the head of that big dick right on the tip where the fluid was gathering and slurped it into my mouth, tasting it.  A shiver ran through my entire body as the flavor teased my taste buds.  My tongue slipped out and licked through the slit taking yet more of the viscous fluid with it, only to be replaced by more almost instantly.

Thats a good girl; now kiss down the shaft slut.  All the way down and use your little tongue on my balls.  He said in a calm yet demanding tone.

I sucked the small pool of fluid through my lips once again before doing as I was told.  Down his shaft my lips went, planting small light kisses until I had reached that large sack that hung down low.  As I licked and kissed him there, I looked up and our eyes met.  He had a placated look on his face.  I just offered a shy nervous smile back as I continued to do as he wished.  I was pleasing him and for some reason it felt good to know that I was making him feel good.

Mr. Fawler reached out with his left hand and grabbed a handful of my hair.  He pulled my head up by my hair and leaned down close to my face.  The most important thing to remember slut, is that you keep those fuckin teeth off my dick.  Other than that, there isnt much else you can do that will be wrong.  Suck the tip, slide your lips down the shaft and use your tongue everywhere.  Start sucking slut.

With that said he pulled my mouth towards his dick.  I parted my lips and took the large head into my mouth, licking it and sucking like it was a lollipop.  I never in a million years would have thought that I would enjoy something like that, but I did.  I enjoyed every bit of it.  The texture, the taste and I couldnt believe it, but the scent as well.  I could only get the first few inches into my mouth, but Mr. Fawler didnt seem to mind.

Thats not bad slut.  You need to use a hand and stroke the shaft if you want your prize at the end.  He said, grabbing my right hand and placing it on his shaft.  He held my hand and moved it up and down until I was moving it on my own.

What caught me off guard was his mention of the prize at the end.  I hadnt thought that far ahead.  He obviously wanted to cum in my mouth.  I wasnt so sure I could handle that.  I enjoyed the precum, but I wasnt so sure about a mouth full of cum.  But what did I expect, that he would care if I didnt want to have a mouth full of his cum?  He didnt care that I wasnt on birth control when he came inside me.  So I did the only thing I could, I continued to suck that big beautiful dick and waited for my prize.

It went on much longer than I thought it would.  My jaw was getting tired, and my saliva was getting everywhere but he seemed to be getting closer.  I began taking it out of my mouth and licking around the head.  His breathing would get heavier as I licked the underside so I concentrated my effort there.  His hands moved to my head and he started pulling my mouth onto his dick, trying to force me to take more.  I hadnt taken it to the back of my mouth on my own and quickly found my gag reflex when he began forcing me.  Mr. Fawler would pull me down and hold me for ten, twenty, thirty seconds before letting me pull back, gagging and coughing, saliva spilling out of my mouth.  He would let me catch my breath and repeat.  I hated how degrading it felt, but I hated how wet it was making me even more.

Oh fuck slut!  Your mouth is almost as good as your pussy!  Almost there you hot little bitch!  Dont fight it bitch!  Just accept what you are and get ready to take your fuckin prize!  He yelled as he held my head firmly with about three inches inside my mouth and his cum blasted into the back of my throat.  I coughed once and some of it shot out of my nose.  Swallow slut!  Drink it down!  Oh fuck yes!

I couldnt pull back so I did the only thing I could and began swallowing as he ordered.  I knew it would be a lot from how much had drained out of my vagina after he had fucked me, but it still didnt prepare me for it.  Once he finished cumming and I had swallowed it all down he told me to suck him clean, and when I was done to get a towel to wipe up all my saliva.  Mr. Fawler didnt say a word until I had finished.  He just watched me doing as I was told.

You did a good job little girl.  I think you are definitely going to be a lot of fun.  He said with a slight smile.

To be continued





