Sunny's Surprise Exam
byunrestrained©
"Tarskey? Sunny Tarskey?" The nurse called out. Sunny Stood up to follow the nurse.

"Ah, there you are. Follow me please. Looks like your hear for your checkup. And your a part of the study too" the nurse said.

"Study?" said Sunny. "I don't know..."

"I had mine" the nurse said, cutting Sunny off. "It was very, um, useful. Right this way now" the nurse gestured into a room that was a little larger than the normal cube used for gynecological visit. But there was the usual examination table, stirrups already extended outward for the next patient.

"Please change into the examination robe, Sunny" said the nurse, extending a small cotton robe to Sunny. "Remove all of your undergarments as well please. After changing please get up on the table with your legs in the stirrup. The doctor and his aide will be with you shortly." The nurse smiled at her pleasantly, then as she exited the door, she said over her shoulder, "enjoy."

"Enjoy?" Sunny said to herself, slightly perplexed. That's a damn odd thing to say someone about to have her vagina examined. Sunny undressed herself, revealing a slim athletic body, with small pert breasts, with nipples that were already very prominent from the slight chill in the air. Her fair skin was soon covered with the small garment. Her red hair contrasted greatly with the dingy gray-blue of the hospital robe. Annoyed, she pulled at the back hem of it, trying to get it to cover the bottom of her ass. To no avail. As she got on the table the cotton of the robe pulled at her exposed nipples making them swell even larger. "Great" she said. Now it looks like I'm turned on by being here, just what I needed.

"Good, your ready to begin" a new voice said. A woman. Sunny turned to look at who came in so quietly.

"Hi" Sunny said to the young woman. She was blonde, and seemed a little shorter than Sunny's own height. She was also several years younger with larger breasts. "Are you here to make sure that the good doctor keeps his hands under control?" Sunny teased. 

"OH MY GOD", the aide said, "that's sooo funny." The aide was giggling nearly uncontrollably for several long seconds. Sunny thought to herself that she must be very new to laugh at that horrible joke.

"Sorry," The aide said, finally calming down and wiping a tear from her eye, "I'm Jill, I'm here to help the doctor. Shall I tell him your ready now?"

"Yes please", Sunny said.

This time Sunny could hear the door as Jill left. Let's get this over with please, she thought to herself. Sunny stared at her nipples trying to will them down. But the attention if anything only seemed to make them stand up ever larger.

"Hi Sunny", said a male voice this time. "I'm Dr. Jeffreys. I'll be doing your exam today."

"Dr. Jeffreys?" said Sunny, "where's Dr. ..."

"I'm filling in for your regular doctor today", said Dr. Jeffreys, as he adjusted himself on his exam stool between Sunny's legs, which were up in the stirrups. With a cool efficiency, Dr. Jeffreys directed Jill, who had come in the exam room behind him to stand next to the table with all of the exam tools on them. Sunny could hear metal against metal sounds as one or the other of them were getting the implements into position. "You'll recall the study you volunteered to be a part of during your last visit of course."

"What...?" Sunny began to say, but something was probed up her vagina at just that moment cutting her question right off. She wasn't quite used to the doctor starting that quickly, but the implement seemed well lubed and slid right up without a twinge.

There was no chatter during the exam as the doctors usually did to set their patient at ease. Like anything would make it easy, thought Sunny. It continued briskly through the normal process.

"Jill, please go stand next to the patient while we proceed on to the study. Ms. Tarskey, everything looks fine" Dr. Jeffreys said. Jill appeared next to Sunny at that moment, smiling warmly down to her. "We're going to proceed onward with the study that you graciously volunteered to be a part of."

Again Sunny started to ask what he was talking about, actually trying to raise herself up on her elbows. Jill laid one hand on her chest to still her, her other hand holding a clipboard. Jill quietly said, "it'll be just fine, Sunny."

At just that moment the doctor began rubbing Sunny's clitoris between his thumb and forefinger. Sunny's usual reaction to this stimulus was to fall back as the warm feeling rushed through her. Fortunately for her, she was already laying back. Her breathing got rough and the words that were going to come out of her mouth just stopped.

"Jill, if you would please mark that digital stimulation of the clitoris is producing a normal result. Her labia are swelling and there is a marked increase in lubrication already." The doctors voice seemed to Sunny to be distant and near at the same time. "As I was saying Ms. Tarskey, ah, well, could I call you Sunny? Yes, as I was saying Sunny, Jill and I are very happy that you volunteered for this study. We will be publishing the results in the English Progressive Journal. As you no doubt read in the application, we will be changing all of the names of the study cases in the journal so no one will know who is who."

Sunny heard what he was saying but didn't respond. She vaguely remembered signing some unusual form during her last visit, but she was in such a hurry that day she hadn't actually read it. The nurse seemed eager for her to sign it, so she did. Dr. Jeffreys was vigorously yet gently rubbing her clit and most of her thinking was focused there.

"When Jill and I had walked into the exam room, we had no idea that our subject would be such a fine example of woman-hood, did we Jill?" Dr. Jeffreys asked.

"No doctor. I sure didn't", Jill said, "I'm happy it's not another one of those old ladies this time." Jill held her cupped hands low at her belly, indicating sagging breasts. "I think Sunny here is beautiful", and Jill reached over and tweaked one of Sunny's nipple through her thin robe.

"Ahhh", Sunny moaned, and arched her back slightly.

"That's good Jill, Do that again. Her vaginal walls contracted when you did that. Exactly the response we are looking for. While you are doing that, I will insert the contraction-measuring device into Sunny's vaginal opening." Jill reached down and undid the snaps at the shoulders of the robe and lowered the garment until Sunny's breasts were exposed. "Jill, you can put the clipboard down and concentrate on Sunny's breasts. We'll just refer to the audio record and write up our notes later."

"Yes doctor", Jill said, and she set aside her clipboard. With both hands she reached out and began to roll both of Sunny's nipples with the fingers of both her hands. "I'm stimulating Sunny's nipples now, doctor."

At just that moment, Sunny felt a dildo inserted inside of her. "Very good Jill. I've just inserted the Meter inside Sunny's vagina. Oh my, she's already showing a three out of seven Jill. Apparently our patient is very sensitive. Sunny's lubrication is running freely now. It's been a long while since I've seen a patient react quite this strongly Jill. Your doing very well Sunny."

"I think I may need a larger Metering device. This one is reading a little chaotically. That sometimes indicates that the vagina, although contracting, requires something larger to stimulate the walls even more. I'm going from a size two to a size five." Sunny felt the dildo get extracted from her vagina, and although Dr. Jeffreys kept up the thumb and forefinger motion on her clitoris she couldn't help but feel let down a bit.

"It's Ok", Dr. Jeffreys said soothingly, "it'll be a quick transition." And then Sunny felt a new larger pressure on her vagina and the larger dildo went in smoothly.

"Stick it in me" Sunny growled softly. She closed her eyes

"Doctor, the patient is sucking on my wrist insistently. Is there something more I should do?"

"The patient seems to need some oral stimulation. Not unusual Jill. You know that", Dr. Jeffreys admonished gently.

"I know doctor. I was just stating for the record, as you said. I will apply standard oral gratification techniques at this time then. With your approval, doctor?" asked Jill.

"Certainly, please proceed", Dr. Jeffreys allowed.

Sunny felt one of Jill's hands leave her nipple. It happened to be connected to the wrist that she had been sucking on. Quickly enough though there was something new and fleshy that she could feel dangled at her lips and she latched on to it. As she did so she opened her eyes and was surprised to see that she was now sucking on Jill's nipple. At the same time the doctor began to push the dildo in and out of her. Sunny's eyes closed again as she moaned around Jill's nipple.

"I am simulating 'fucking' at this time", he said. "Patient is responding with hip thrusts timed to the insertion and extraction of the meter. Meter is peaking at five now."

"Patient is also sucking at my breasts in a strong vigorous manner", Jill added. "I have to add, I'm responding to this in a sexual way myself doctor. For the record."

"Yes, that's not unusual either. I myself am feeling in a similar way", Dr. Jeffreys affirmed.

"However, since we don't have a meter for an oral measuring, we'll have to get your opinion on it Jill. On a 10 scale, how would you measure it currently?" Asked Dr. Jeffreys.

"It seems to be at least a seven doctor", replied Jill.

"REALLY?" The doctor asked not waiting for a reply. "Jill, this is a bit of an unusual situation we find ourselves in. We've not had a patient respond this well before. For the science, we're going to have to break from protocol. As you are the aide assigned to make sure that we don't break any rules of decorum, do you agree?"

"Yes doctor, for science, we need to push the limits", Jill replied.

"Good then. When I tell you too, I would like you to switch places with me. After we switch places, you need to continue the 'fucking' simulation. Understood?" Dr. Jeffreys firmly asked.

"Yes doctor, it's understood. I'm to continue fucking her with the dildo when we switch places" Jill confirmed.

"Good" said the doctor. A zipping sound was then heard, although the dildo was still being used on Sunny. "On the count of three then, Jill. One..., two..., three...", the dildo stopped fucking her, and Jill's tit was pulled away from her Sunny's mouth at the same time. In two seconds though there was something at Sunny's lips again and she instinctively sucked it into her mouth. Briefly Sunny opened her eyes and wasn't surprised to see the doctors cock was being worked into her mouth. She allowed his cock to fuck her mouth.

At the same time her vaginal walls contracted and the dildo that was left sticking in her shot out of Sunny. It made a rubbery sound as it bounced on the floor.

"Doctor, the size five meter fell out of her vagina. It's under the table and I can't reach it!" Jill said with some panic in her voice.

"Damn it Jill, we don't want to lose her. You're going to have to stimulate her clitoris orally while you feel around under the table for it!" the doctor insisted.

"Doctor, I've never before..., for the science doctor, I'll do it for the science", Jill announced just before Sunny felt Jill's lips close around her clitoris. 

There was a fumbling noise and a clatter, but Jill's sucking of her clitoris never stopped. Sunny was thankful.

"For the record, I am now 'fucking' the patients mouth. Her jaw is slack and the patient seems willing, even eager, to allow me to slide the entire eight inch length into her throat, over and over again. Also for the record, my assistant Jill, whose clumsiness just knocked over an entire tray of contraction-meters of various sizes, is now orally stimulating the patients clitoris. While she fumbles with her hands to find the meter", the doctor said.

"Found it!" Jill murmurred as loud as she could from around Sunny's clit, and Sunny felt an even larger presence push against her vagina. Luckily she was still well lubricated. The larger dildo felt good.

"Oh my god!" Jill said in amazement. She had taken her mouth from Sunny's clit now that she was fucking Sunny with the dildo. "Doctor, she's taken the size twelve! It's the largest one we have!"

The doctor lost his professional detachment for a moment. "No fucking way! And she's taking it?"

"The whole thing doctor. Like it was a size one meter." Jill confirmed.

Sunny was barely hearing what they were saying, let alone understanding them. She had a large cock in her mouth, and the biggest dildo she ever felt in her quim. She was in heaven as Jill fucked her with it. Her hips kept raising up to meet it as she took it all in her.

Sunny pulled back from the cock between her lips. "Asshole..." she said.

"My god Jill. She wants a cock up her ass. We can't let her down, can we?" Dr. Jeffreys said.

"We better not Doc", Jill confirmed. "Plus, I'm so horny I need her mouth on my snatch right now anyhow." Jill had somehow slinked out of her clothing completely and while she was still shoving the long dildo into Sunny's vagina, she was also fingering her own clit. "I'm gonna climb up on Sunny and sit my pussy right on her face, while I keep fucking her with this huge dildo Doc. You better get down there and shove your cock up her ass while I do it."

Someway or another, Jill managed to work around so that her pussy was right over Sunny's mouth. Sunny had never worked on another woman before, but soon enough she had a nice tongue and lip suction going on Jill's clit, and she even started inserting her own fingers into Jill's pussy. All the while, Jill never stopped working Sunny's pussy over with the dildo.

"My goodness, I've never seen anybody take that before Sunny. You are an incredible woman. And to think that you want a cock up your ass at the same time? Well, this is just my lucky day." Doctor Jeffreys began to wriggle around down between Sunny's legs, and soon enough Sunny could feel his cock pushing at her back door. "You are soooo wet down here Sunny. For the record, I am now inserting the tip of", Sunny could feel her asshole widen slowly, "my erect and VERY hard penis, into the patients anus. No lubrication seems necessary as..." Sunny's asshole widened suddenly under the cocks insistent pushing and accepted the whole width of his penis, "she is still very wet from earlier exertions. My erect penis is now fully inserted into the patients asshole, uh, sorry, anus. Also the patients twat, uh, I mean pussy, no ah, vagina" Sunny's interior wall began to vibrate as the doctors entire penis was now inserted up her ass, "has completely taken the size twelve meter, uh dildo, no ah meter, ah, device as my body is able to hold it into place, and my assistant Jill does not need to keep it there. I am now pumping my erect penis steadily into the patients anus. Damn, this feels good."

"Doctor, I love this job", said Jill as Sunny wiggled a finger into her ass and sucked at her clit all at the same time. Jill kept pushing harder and harder down on Sunny's mouth. Jill could feel herself approaching climax.

"Doctor, I'm going to come myself very soon!" Jill said.

"Me too Jill. I can feel my dick rubbing against this huge fucking dildo that Sunny has up her twat. I've never felt anything like it before in my life!" The doctor confirmed

"Mmmm, MMMM, AHHHHH!!" Sunny said around Jill's pussy. Suddenly Sunny couldn't take it any longer and she exploded with an orgasm. Her clenching anus gripped down on Dr. Jeffreys penis hard.

"I'm cumming, I'm cumming", he cried out.

Sunny pushed her fingers even deeper into Jill and bit down on Jill's clit. "Me too, oh god, me too!" Jill cried out.

Sunny's body relaxed like a puddle from the release of the unexpected tension. She could feel the doctors penis slowly wither away. He had collapsed between her open legs. Jill had settled over top of the doctor, spent as well. They like that for a long long moment. Then, as they became conscious of where they were, they began to move again. Soon Jill was up and getting dressed hiding her large breasts from view again. Sunny noticed that she left her underwear off though. The Doctor to had gotten up. When he moved away from Sunny's form, the large dildo came sliding out from Sunny's vagina like a sigh of contentment. The doctor grabbed a hold of it. He laid it gently between Sunny's breasts. "For you", he whispered.

Sunny didn't look at it just then. She just lay back and felt good for a long while.

"Sunny, thank you so much", Dr/ Jeffreys said, "I've never.."

"Yeah, wow, me neither", Jill interrupted.

"I've never had such a receptive patient before. I'll always remember this! It's customary for my aide and I to leave before the patient, it keeps things from becoming cumbersome. Adieu! Remember to read the article in the Journal. It should be out next year sometime. I'm sure you'll know which patient you are even though we change the names!"

The door closed and slowly Sunny gathered herself. She picked up the dildo. It was at least 14 inches long and 6t inches in circumference. She planned on taking it with her. Some of it would poke out of her purse, it was so big. She stood up. She could feel residual wetness go down her legs. She felt rubbery and weak. Sunny slowly got dressed. She looked in the mirror and straightened her face as best she could. Then she walked out the door. There was the nurse who had walked her in. Smiling. She handed her some forms to sign. Embarrassed, she signed without reading them again.
