Author: Lizard69
Title: Girlfriends
Part: Part 8
Summary: Who can save us from the people protecting us?
Keywords: Mb bb Fdom 


This is a work of fiction.  If you have trouble with the boundary between
fact and fantasy, don't read it.  If the story codes following the title freak 
you out,  don't read it.  If I mis-coded drop me a note through the 
author email link at ASSTR.  Do not under any circumstances forward 
this file to anyone that hasn't specifically requested it.  In case you 
haven't figured it out yet this is intended as *adult* entertainment.  Do 
not allow it to be accessed by minors.  If you have inadvertently 
downloaded it in a jurisdiction where such material isn't legal please 
delete it immediately.  Do not re-post in whole or in part without this 
notice.  Do not repost on any "for profit" site without my specific written 
permission. Copyright 2013 by Lizard69.


Girlfriends Part 8 (Mb bb Fdom)
Lizard69

	At first he didn't understand, then he started to worry.  What was wrong with his mom?  Ok, some of the stuff Ellie said was kind of mean and the trick she pulled wasn't that funny.  How hard was it to hit redial and tell Bob it was a mistake?  Why was Mary looking everywhere except at him or her friend?  Why was she starting to blush like...?

	"Oh no!  No way!  You can't seriously expect...   Like the time you walked in on us, only from the beginning, knowing you're watching?!  I can't, I just *CAN'T*!  How could you even ask?"

	"Oh shut up!  She isn't asking, not yet anyway.  She hasn't got the nerve.  All that stuff about her boy growing up and trying to help sounds good.  I'm pretty sure she even believes it, in the cold light of day when she can push it back and look at it from a distance.  That doesn't change the way she *feels*.  It doesn't matter if she lives to be a hundred.  You'll still be her innocent little boy who has to be protected from evil creeps.

	"At the same time, she has walked in on you.  She's seen the videos.  Hell, she even set you up with a, 'nice', queer from the office.  How did that work out for either of you?  That bad, huh?  Part of her is shocked and embarrassed, sorry she pushed you into that.  Then she really looks at how cute you are dressed as a girl and it isn't so shocking that some perv might want to use you like one.  She's seen a grown man getting his rocks off while her, 'innocent', little boy begs to be used.  No matter how much she loves you and wants to protect you, there's another part of her that wants to punish you for putting her in a position where she has to think about these things.  She doesn't want to think like that.  She doesn't want to feel that way.  There's something about you begging him to make you, 'be a girl', that leaves her wondering if you just might deserve it.

	"Stand up.  Now turn around slowly.  Let's see what we can do to make the bait more attractive.  We can skip the makeup.  You're cute enough without it.  Besides, the whole idea is that you're a substitute for the girl who couldn't be here.  It's hotter if you look a little more boyish.  Untuck the blouse, pop the bottom couple of buttons and knot the tails.  Show off a little of that firm, flat stomach.  Not too much.  Don't open any more buttons on top.  You don't have any cleavage to tease with and you're not a slut, at least not that kind, not yet."

	"You can't really believe I'm going to do it."

	"What I believe doesn't matter.  Your mom is right to be worried about your safety.  The thing is, she's too close to see the whole picture.  Bob is scared.  I don't blame him.  If you went to the cops he could spend a lot of years locked in with some really mean people."

	"Yeah, well, that was sort of the deal from the beginning.  I can't tell his secrets without everybody finding out mine too."

	"Uh-huh, and then your mom found out.  There's an old saying that three people can keep a secret if two of them are dead.  Still, when she turned her back rather than pitching a fit and calling the cops he relaxed again.  Then he got fired at the kennel and had to figure the axe was going to fall at any second.  Now another outsider knows what's going on.  It's dangerous to have him wandering around half crazy with fear and worry.  We can't make you do anything.  Well, actually we could but it would be worse than useless.  What he needs is a secret from each of us, as big and embarrassing as what he knows about you.  We have to own a piece of the problem, a share of his risk.

	"I asked him to come here, invited him into your home.  I couldn't promise him a good time.  I did tell him that I knew what he was after and wouldn't try to stop it.  Your mom couldn't do that.  I don't think she actually hates Bob.  She is deeply disturbed by what he does to you.  If she had a free choice she'd rather spit in his eye than invite him inside.  It's not her choice.  Bob is here as your guest.  As long as he isn't rude or abusive to anyone but you, she'll give him the same polite consideration she would show to one of your teachers.  Maybe I should say one of your other teachers.  I certainly expect this to be educational."

	"You're still not getting it.  I didn't say I don't want to or that I have other plans.  I didn't say you can't make me.  It's already two to one and Bob wouldn't need any help all by himself.  I'm telling you... I *CAN'T*.  I felt like I was going to die the other time, when I didn't know she was there until after we finished.  There is no way I could do it with mom watching."

	Ellie got as far as, "Don't worry about that..." before the doorbell interrupted her.  Timmy and his mom exchanged, "What the hell do we do now?", expressions while Ellie answered the door and ushered Bob into the living room.

	"Excuse me for being brutally blunt but Mary asked me here to get my opinion and I've heard enough verbal fan dancing for one day.  I'm not going to contribute to it.  Bob? I think it's pretty clear to all of us you're a creepy sex pervert.  Don't bother trying to deny it.  By pure dumb luck you managed to hook up with a kid who is also a pervo.  You don't know Mary as well as I do but trust me when I tell you the, 'apple of her eye', didn't fall too far from the tree.  In case you haven't figured it out yet, the kennel let you go because of what they had on security videos.  While they felt obligated to do something about it, the idea of having their business name connected to what was going on didn't thrill them.  Instead of going to the cops, they turned the video over to Mary and offered to cooperate in however she wanted to handle it.  I won't tell you what she did with the video other than to assure you that giving it to the authorities at this point would raise some extremely awkward questions."

	"So?  What's it to you?"

	"Nothing, or at least not much.  Mary and I talked about the role play you're into.  You're here because a cute, straight, boy gets off on being used by a serial rapist.  After your vanishing act Mary decided any future play dates had to be supervised to make sure Timmy didn't get used up.  I really don't care what you do.  I'll stick around this time to make sure Mary stays on the sidelines unless, or until, Timmy hollers 'nuff.  Got that?"

	Rather than answer in words, Bob draped one arm around Timmy's shoulders while his free hand nudged the skirt up just over the kids knees and began fondling his lower thighs.

*****

	"He didn't?!  Right there in front of your mom and her friend?!"

	Debbie rolled towards him where they were lying next to each other by the river in the park.  It was kind of fun watching him blush.  She knew he really didn't mind, once he was sure she got into hearing all the, "icky", details.

	"Huh!  I wish I had that much trouble believing it.  I guess maybe I did, right at first.  I mean, I looked down at his hand on my leg just above the knee, and watched my stiffie start to make a tent under my skirt.  Then I realized they were all looking where I was."

	"Oh my god!  How embarrassing!"

	"Yeah.  I wanted to run to my room, crawl under the bed, and stay there til I died from old age.  Then I saw the look on my moms face.  It was like we were watching the same horror movie and we were both shocked but for different reasons.  It sort of turned into a contest to see which of us would chicken out first and reach for the remote.  Remember what you told me about that time you were pretty sure your mom knew what was going on?  How you got so angry you imagined forcing her to watch?"

	"Yeah, but your mom was really there."

	"Uh-huh.  Remember what I told you about my first time with Bob?  He said he didn't have much use for *nice* girls.  How, if I was going to be his girlfriend, I'd have to be the kind of slut people make jokes about?

	"I never thought it was funny", she softly replied.

	"Well, you're special.  Anyway, Bob was looking at me, the way he does right before I get raped.  I saw mom looking at me like, well, the way *she* does right before I get raped."

	"How's that?"

	"You'd have to see it.  It's sort of like somebody watching a car wreck in slow motion.  Ellie was watching, but it seemed like she was more interested in how mom was dealing with it than what Bob was doing.  It's like, the whole thing was so wrong, we all knew it, but we were all waiting for one of the others to say something to stop it."

	"Only nobody did?"

	"Nobody.  They sort of expected me to make some kind of fuss, then do what I was told.  Bob was going to do it unless I stood up to all of them and said no.  It isn't fair!  It's, like, it makes the whole thing my fault."

	"Don't take this wrong, but...  isn't it?  Your fault?  I mean, really, once you knew it was coming was there any chance at all you'd walk away from it?  Well, anyway, what happened then?"

	"He pulled me down so I was laying on the couch with my face in his lap and unzipped his fly.  It wasn't easy.  Everybody knew I was pleasing him with my mouth.  Bob was watching everything I did.  That's Ok.  I was watching him watch me.  I, uh, I kind of like it, seeing how much he likes what I'm doing.  All the women could really see was the back of my head.

	"In a little while I felt his hand on my ass, up under my skirt.  I hardly had time to get used to that before it left, then came back with a blob of lube.  He's done it to me enough that I know how to relax but this time I tensed up and it hurt some.  I couldn't help thinking how the women saw him loading his fingers with lube and knowing what he was going to do with it.

	"Another thing that's weird is the way time kept bouncing around, speeding up and slowing down.  While he was opening me up and getting me slippery it felt like an hour.  Then he pulled me up to straddle his lap facing him and everything was happening too fast.  I was supporting myself with my hands on his shoulders and my shins on the front edge of the cushions.  The end of his dick was jammed against my hole deep enough it wasn't going to slip off and his hands on my waist kept me from lifting up.  That's where everything stopped.  I couldn't go through with it, not in front of my mom.  I couldn't back up, anymore than I could push myself backwards up a water slide.

	"Bob looked up at me and said, 'Take all the time you need girl.  It's so much hotter when you give it up slow.'  Eventually my legs got tired and the head of his dick popped inside.  From there it took everything I had left just to keep from landing on it too hard.  It actually got a little easier when he was in me far enough my skirt sort of hid what we were doing.  Even after he took my blouse off it wasn't too bad.  Then he unfastened my skirt, pulled it over my head and tossed it.  Except for slippers and knee socks I was bare naked.  Worse was that I was the only one.  Sure, Bob had his fly open, but there was just enough of his dick showing for everyone to see where he was sticking it.  They were looking at me so hard it felt like my back was getting massaged by eyeballs."

	"Oh, wow."

	"Yeah, well, I somehow managed to get that far without dying from embarrassment.  Bob was fucking me and I knew he could cum without making things any worse.  The whole deal had me feeling kind of wobbly but to be honest it wasn't all bad.  I kind of like it when he makes me be a girl.  Then he got up.  I mean wrapped his arms around me and stood up with his cock still in me.  I gripped his waist with my legs while he walked around behind the couch, set my ass on the top and made me lean back until my shoulders were on the cushions.  His hands gripping my waist were all that kept me from sliding down onto the floor.

	"Ellie was behind moms chair, her arms folded across the back and their heads together.  She was making some kind of comments while looking over moms shoulder.  From the look on her face and the way mom was squirming around I didn't really want to know what Ellie was telling her.  Then I got to thinking.  How could she be *that* shocked?  That upset?  I mean, she was the one running around telling everybody, setting me up with Harold, even...  I remembered that moment in the hall, when she guessed I'd jerked off in the shower, telling me I should have done it while he was getting his own kicks.  I, uh..."

	"You didn't?!"

	"The look on her face was worth it.  Like this grown man is using me for sex and instead of struggling, trying to get away, I grabbed my cock and...  You know how, when a guy does it, it isn't always gentle?  Sometimes it's better kind of hard.  This time...  I wasn't playing with myself or even jerking off.  I was beating my meat, trying to hammer the cum out of it while Bob fucked me"

	"Did you?"

	"Uh-huh.  Sometime while I was squirting all over my belly and chest Bob finished too.  He didn't hang around, just wiped his dick off with my skirt, zipped up and left.  I think it was kind of hitting him late.  You know, what he did to me."

	"Maybe, but some guys are just like that.  You know, I'm done now, oops, I'm late for dinner."

	"Oh, well mom sure took off for her room like she was late for something.  That left me and Ellie.  I didn't think I could get more embarrassed, until..."

*****

	"Try not to get upset.  For a while, back when I was your age, I was, 'the girl'.  It lets me sort of understand where your head is at.  Mine has been in the same neighborhood more than once.  On the other hand, I've never imagined a boy in that situation.  Who'd believe a straight boy could have the sort of sick fascination that kept me coming back for more?  Except... well, you have your own live in expert on sick fascination.  She hides it behind a smokescreen of high minded tolerance and clinical psychobabble.  The truth is walking in on you left her shocked and embarrassed beyond words.  The thought of some pervert rutting on her little boy offends her on an instinctive, almost a biological, level.  The sick part is that she wants to be shocked.  She's aroused by the perversity of what you're doing.  Thinking that maybe her son, 'deserves it', leaves her feeling so guilty she wants to have it thrown in her face, be forced to watch.  Right now she's probably crying her eyes out over what he did to you, while diddling herself like there's no tomorrow, and crying about that too.

	"I guess I should feel sorry about setting you up.  Maybe I do, a little, or at least sorry about who you have for a mom.  Back in college neither of us were what you'd call party animals.  She liked to relax with weed and wine while I was more boy crazy.  One time, when I got drunker than I should have, she took advantage, got me to do things I was really uncomfortable about later.  It wasn't rape the first time and I wasn't upset enough to look for a new roomie so it was at least partly my fault when it happened again.  Maybe this is some sort of payback.  Then I owe you an apology for using you to get back at your mom.  It doesn't matter.  You were going to get to this anyway.  At the worst I shoved you into the deep end of the pool after you were already wet."

*****

	"She really said that, about your mom?"

	"Yeah.  That wasn't the weirdest part.  She's talking to me while I'm standing there naked, splattered with my own dick juice.  There's a sticky mess between my butt cheeks and my ass hole feels... different."

	"Different how?"

	"It's hard to explain.  I shit when I need to.  Otherwise, I don't think about it.  It wasn't anything special when Billy did it with me that morning.  Maybe it was from doing it with two different guys in one day.  Maybe it was having mom watch.  Maybe it was the way Ellie was acting.  I'm standing there feeling like my ass is a sex hole.  Not something nice like a girls muffin.  More like a weird sort of place only creepy sex perverts would want to stick it.  Ellie's was acting like it's no big deal that grown up perverts stick their cocks in it, that I *want* them to do that to me."

	"You're right.  That is different.  So, what happens now?"

	"I don't know.  If Bob is still around I don't think it's gonna be a one time thing.  Ellie sort of pushed us into it this time.  I never met her before and don't know if I'll ever see her again."

	"Do you want to?"

	"I don't know.  That couple of minutes before she left was ok I guess, just strange.  Like, she wasn't ignoring the way I wasn't dressed or pretending nothing had happened.  She understood what Bob did to me and didn't have a problem with it.  Not horny or disgusted, just like, she gets it, she understands, not like mom.  It's been really awkward the last few days."

*****

	A couple days later he was back at the river with Billy, a couple miles upstream, out past the edge of town.  They had their fishing rods but the search for the perfect place to wet a line had taken over until they were exploring instead.  A tiny creek flowing from a brush choked ravine had lured them away from the river.  Eventually it dried up and opened out into a clump of trees in the middle of some farmers cornfield.  They poked around a little before Billy offered the opinion that this would be a good place to, "do it".

	"Cripes!  Don't you think of anything else?  You're going to make me sorry I ever let you."

	"Yeah, well, I'm not dating Debbie."

	"Uh-huh, and you're not seeing Bob either.  Want me to set you up?"

	"Maybe we should just forget it."

	"I wish I could.  Tell me something.  When you're at your uncle's place is there ever anyone else there, you know, when he does it?"

	"You mean, like, watching?"

	"Yeah."

	"No way!  Well, not really.  You saw the video?  It's not the only copy and it's not the only time he had a camera.  If I had to bet, I'd say he must have shown at least some of it to somebody.  I don't think he'd put it up on some pervert website."

	"I can't believe my mom did that.  So what if they can't recognize me from the clips.  The way she goes online and chats with people that have watched is still creepy."

	"You're not kidding!  Uh, there's also Ron, a college kid that works for my uncle part time in the summer.  He never said anything but I think he knows.  Once, I thought I saw a reflection when we were doing it in the barn.  We kind of lost track of time.  Ron was late for work that day.  He showed up *right* after we finished.  Another time, I saw Ron's jacket hanging on a nail in a shed where we were doing stuff after he left for the day.  The next day he was wearing that jacket when he got there.  I don't remember if the jacket was still on the nail when we finished.  He might have come back for it after we were done.  He's never said anything to me, but I'm pretty sure he's seen us."

	"Uh, in the video, your uncle talks about having you trained like a horse.  Is it really that way?"

	"Sort of, I guess you could call some of what he does riding me.  There isn't any way I'll forget what he makes me do but it's only the first couple weeks of summer vacation.  Most of the year I'm not like that.  So, yeah, the last time before I leave is a lot easier than the first time after I get there.  Talking about it is making me horny."

	"Dude, *breathing* makes you horny.  Try not to get mad.  When mom was cleaning she found the disk."

	"Holy shit!  She watched it?!"

	"Not yet, at least she says she didn't.  She went into that, 'my house, my rules', thing.  In this case that means she has the right to inspect everything that comes through the door and ban whatever she doesn't like.  If you won't let her watch it, she'll give it back, but you can't come over anymore."

	"Not ever?"

	"We can still be friends, you just won't be welcome in her house."

	"Like I'd still be welcome after she sees what's on it!"

	"She's seen video of me.  She hasn't kicked me out of the house.  Would it kill you to let her watch it?  After this, if there's something you don't want her to see we can watch it at your place."

	"Ok, but if she starts getting weird around me we'll have to hang out somewhere else.  While we're talking about embarrassing stuff, Debbie called me.  You told her I was doing you?"

	"Sort of, she told me, then after I opened my big mouth I found out she was guessing.  What did she have to say about it?"

	"She asked me not to tell you, afraid you'd get mad at her, stuff about you and guys."

	"Like calling me a queer?"

	"Uh-uh, she said you're not that way.  If you're out on the beach looking for the smallest swimsuit, it'll be wrapped around a girl.  You can't *get* horny enough to go looking for a guy.  But, well, that doesn't keep guys from looking for you."

	"She thinks I'd get mad about that?"

	"No, the other stuff she said, like you're the horniest boy she ever met.  If some guy makes you do it, well, it's still sex.  You, uh, kind of want that.  Like, having sex means more to you than having a choice.  She said that I should stop asking you."

	"Why would that make me mad?"

	"Listen to me.  She said I should stop *asking*.  Telling me it's ok is almost too weird for you.  You don't want me hitting on you like you're my girlfriend.  If I'm really so horny I don't care where I stick it, I should go ahead and make you do it.  You won't fight.  You won't even whine about it, unless I go nuts and start doing it every time we're together.  As long as it's just something we do once in a while and I don't bug you about it when we're doing other stuff, we can go on being friends.  Is that true?  Would you still be my best friend after I went all pervo on you?"

	Well, would he?  The first time was sort of a special thing, kind of proving what he told his friend was for real.  Since then, well, how many times could they do it, "just this once"?  He stood there fidgeting, unable to look at his friend.  This little patch of woods in the middle of a cornfield was about as private as they could get.  He noticed the sunlight filtering through the leaves, the early summer warmth, even the mosquitoes hadn't followed them this far from the river.  He wasn't scared that Billy would get mean, maybe a little worried his friend would, "go nuts", if he really could do it anytime he felt like it.  What would that be like, having Billy's hardon in his mouth or ass anytime, anywhere?  Later he'd blush over skipping right to how often instead of thinking about yes or no.  Billy got tired of waiting.

	"Take your clothes off."

	Oh God!  Was he serious?  How could he sound that sure?  Before Timmy could think about it too much he pulled off his tee shirt and pushed his jeans and underpants down around his ankles.  For a minute he stood there shifting his weight from foot to foot before he managed to slip out of his tennies and step away from the pile.

	Billy smiled as he unzipped and pulled his cock and balls out through the open fly.  "I heard a rumor you get a bigger kick out of it when you're the only one that has to get bare.  Down on your knees and put your hands behind your back.  I want to watch you get hard sucking my dick.  Debbie says you can't help it.  You feel a cock getting hard in your mouth, get a little taste of pre-cum and can't even pretend it's not getting you hot.  Is it giving that kind of pleasure that does it for you?  Or is it the tease, knowing this is only the warm up and I'm going to feel even better when I start shoving it into you?  Don't try to answer.  It doesn't matter.  Do I see you drooling?  Don't waste good spit.  Use your fingers to work it into your ass hole.  Get it sloppy wet, nice and relaxed."

	Timmy was almost too surprised to be embarrassed, almost.  Billy, at least the Billy he'd known most of his life wasn't like this.

	"Damn that feels good.  Ok, my dick's as hard as it gets.  Hope your ass is nice and wet.  Drop down on your hands and knees while I get behind you.  Don't whimper like that!  I didn't have to push *that* hard to get the head inside.  Now, do it, shove your ass back onto my dick.  That's it.  Pull off a little and do it again.  Keep it up til I cum.  It won't take long.  I'm already most of the way there.  Oh shit, I almost forgot, you have to jerk off."

	"WHAT?!"

	"It's really super important that you cum while I'm doing it.  Don't argue.  You better do it fast.  I don't know how long I can hold back."

	He couldn't tell which of them finished first.  Billy's cock was still in and still hard when Timmy's load splashed the dry leaves.  That had to count as, "doing it", right?  Neither of them felt like talking as Timmy got dressed and Billy led the way back to the bush by the river where they hid their fishing rods.  Finding exactly the right spot didn't seem so important anymore.  Getting a line wet gave them an excuse for not talking a while longer.

	"Why?"

	"Huh?"

	"Why was it so important for me to cum?"

	"Debbie said so.  Look, uh, she never actually told me, but from the way she was talking I thought she was filling me in on stuff you already discussed.  Like, this is the way you want it but it's too embarrassing to come right out and ask.  If anything didn't go the way you expected you need to talk to her first."

	Oh yeah, he was going to talk to her all right.

End part 8
