Ted splayed two hands over the table top. "I know, I know... both of our track records have been shitty, but--" He sat up in his chair, leaning on the table. "Blake and I are different, there's no denying that fact. We may not have looked perfect for each other years ago, but there's an--" He shrugged, at a loss for the right words. "I guess you could say an 'attraction'. Some unknown force drawing us together, something that's undeniable." 

"Like you two were made for each other." Brian wasn't asking, he was thinking of his own inexplicable draw to Michael.

"Yeah... maybe." Ted stood quickly, crossing his arms and pacing the floor. He wished Brian had huge floor-to-ceiling windows he could gaze out of. "Shit... what the fuck do I know?"

Brian sat back, his pen going right back to his mouth. "So why the hell get hitched? Why marry one person to live with for the rest of your god-awful, sad sack of a life?" He was totally curious, because he wasn't sure why the idea was beginning to look good to his own eyes for the only direction left for he and Michael's relationship to go in. Hell, he had thought it had been a good idea once, with Justin. Except something had continued to nag at him that it had been a bad decision. What scared him was the similarities he was learning he shared with Ted, now that he was with Michael.

"You mean... when there's still plenty of young men to fuck out in the wide open sea of Liberty Avenue?"

Brian raised an eyebrow, the answer was obvious.

"But that's just it, Brian." Ted leaned on an empty wall that wasn't covered with some huge, disastrous art deco painting. "They will always be younger and more beautiful. A plethora of gorgeous boys to fuck, but never the other way around."

"Speak for yourself, Schmidt." Brian grumbled, thinking he may have let down a vulnerable shield in front of Ted.

"None of us are getting any younger, Brian. Sooner or later old age catches up to us all."

"Fuck you."

"No, Brian... even for you." Ted was growing confident. He had started to see truth-telling cracks in Brian's mega-egotistical veneer. "Tell me something..."

"What?"

"Are you happiest with... or without?"

"What are you going on about now?"

"Please, I might be occupied with my own life, but I'm not blind."

"You asking about Michael?" Brian didn't know why he got quiet or why he let so much emotion show in his face.

"Am I?" Ted took a different seat at the table.

"Don't even go there." Brian began picking up his stuff to make his way to his desk. A safe place to build his wall back up.

"Ah..." Ted nodded his head, fixing the cuffs of his shirt.

"Now what?"

"I recognize what you're going through. I've been there. Right before I asked Blake to marry me."

"You..." Brian pointed to Ted, walking away. "... need to back off."

"Admit it." Ted was so ecstatic about his discovery, he eagerly followed Brian. "You're scared."

"Cold." Brian began playing the "hot/cold" game with Ted's comments.

"You're almost frightened at this point, I bet."

"Freezing."

"... confused..."

"Frozen."

"... hopelessly in love..."

"Iceberg."

"And worst... it's with your best friend in the whole world." Ted paused on his trek behind his boss, crossing his arms over his chest. “Like I told you, just like I was.” He nodded his head as he was figuring everything out slowly in his head.

Brian huffed, forcibly pushing about his desk chair with his foot. "I'll never be 'just like' anyone. Especially you, Theodore. You're one of a fucked-up kind."

Ted couldn't help the smirk that slipped out. "It's okay to be normal, like everyone else, Brian."

"I suggest..." Brian pushed back his chair and sat down. "... you stop talking now."

"What? You think God has free time enough in his busy schedule to strike you down with lightning?"

"Don't make me get rude and kick you out of my office." Brian scolded as he tried to put things on his desktop in some semblance of order, needing to be busy with while Ted yammered on.

"Without Michael, I'm the closest thing to a friend you have, Kinney." Ted notice Brian attempt to compose himself with some swallowing. "If there isn't anyone to talk to, in your eyes, why not talk to yourself?" He wanted to know why Brian even bothered asking him silly questions that obviously made him sensitive to answering or even hearing Ted's answers.

"Because, more than likely, I'll become your cellmate in the mental ward."

"Misery loves company."

"I think we're done here." Brian dismissed Ted, showing his hand toward the Exit door.

Ted nodded his head, realizing what Brian was avoiding. "No... we're not. Far from it. At least, I'm not." He pulled up a random chair to Brian's desk, crossing his legs as if he was prepared to do the talking or hear Brian speak about whatever was really bothering him.

"What are you doing?"

"I've got all the time in the world." Ted took a look at his watch. "Well... until lunch time."

"You can stay as long as you want, but I don't have to acknowledge your presence." Brian pretended as if he was interested in opening up his laptop and getting down to some work he had been stalling on.

"That's swell with me. Isn't like I haven't done this run-around with you before. I had a gut instinct you might find one way or another to chew my ass out over the note I sent Michael..."

Brian slowly typed on his keyboard, the screens changing colors on his face. He couldn't help paying attention to Ted as he waited for his windows to boot up.

"... curse and tease me all you want, but you know I was perfectly in my own rights."

Brian's eyebrow lifted at the glib comment. Had he continually underestimated Ted these past few years? Were they more alike than he even wanted to admit? Was there somewhere deep inside, where he was actually envious of Ted at this very moment? He sighed heavily, afraid to show Ted signs he was paying attention. He sat back in his chair, locking fingers over his belly in a slouched position. "You have exactly ten minutes to impress me."

"Good... I've been practicing for weeks." Ted cocked his head in mere pleasure at winning over some of Brian's precious time. "I might have whittled this speech down to almost seven-n-a-half minutes -- exactly... maybe..."

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Ted wasn't expecting warm, encompassing arms to fold about him as he sat at his desk, contemplating the near hour he had spent in Brian's office. "Not now, honey." He delicately patted the hand on his upper chest. “My boyfriend's coming by for lunch.”

"Auch!" Blake flicked the back of Ted's dark head. "You're lucky I know you so well. Any other dupe would be totally queen-ing out the door." He had grabbed for Ted's dangling hand, twirling himself in a swift dance move. He plopped his backside on the edge of the desktop. “... soooo... was it a success?” He crossed one arm over his chest, keeping Ted's hand in his own.

Ted smiled, squeezing Blake's hand in response. "About as good as anybody would feel facing a flesh-eating, soul-drenching beast of lore."

"C'mon..." Blake teased. "... Brian Kinney can't be that bad."

"I've heard of Chinese tortures that were less painful."

Blake could see a difference in Ted's eyes, a certain sparkle was dulled. Ted could be reeling nervously from the moment. The poor guy looked as if he had gone eleven rounds with a heavyweight contender, pummeled by something he least expected. "Get your coat and stuff."

Ted raised a curious eyebrow. "I thought you were bringing take-out." He looked about them for some sign of food.

"I have. It's in the car." Blake pushed off from the desk, trying to pull Ted with him. "But I've suddenly got this desire to have my boyfriend all to myself."

Ted let Blake slip out of his reach, watching him pace around the front of his desk. "Oh... why?" It always made him flush when Blake became this way. Carefree and... happy?

" 'Cause you totally turn me on with that whole..." Blake moved his hand over his own face. "... sad, dour, homeless, love-me-don't-leave-me puppy dog face."

"Yeah..." Ted chuckled deeply, loving the slight tease to his ego. "I get that all the time." He glanced around, wondering if anyone in the office had been watching them. "Except usually it's what they're screaming at me on their way out of my condo."

Blake slid his hands into his front jean pockets, relaxing his pelvis on the desk ledge. "Lucky for you, I decided to cave into my darkest temptations."

"You... are a freak." Ted straightened his tie. Was he blushing yet? His face sure did feel flushed by now.

"And you... love me for it!" Blake had safely leaned over, offering his lips for a sweet kiss.

Ted complied, sitting up a little in his seat to comply.

"Get a room." Brian pressed the "copy" button on the Xerox machine near Ted's desk. He mumbled it in the air as he noticed the two lovebirds going in for some hot-buttered lovin' out of his peripheral vision. He turned around to face the culprits as they slowly broke apart. "You two can fuck all you want on your lunch hour, Theodore... but don't waste company time or I'll have to start charging you rent space."

Blake never turned to face Brian, his back was only viewable. He kept his eyes locked on Ted, who was glancing away in embarrassment. "At this point, you should be paying us, Brian."

"Freak shows are for Babylon and Liberty Avenue, not my place of business."

Blake nodded his head, deciding to leave. "Get ready. I'll be in the car waiting." He was ignoring Brian's sarcastic comeback.

Brian pouted, one lip out further than the other. "What?! No retaliation? Too chicken to fight?"

Blake was already on his way out, his back still to Brian. "No, I just know how much you like watching my ass as I leave." He made such a drama out of his exit, the rest of the office witnessed the performance in envy.

"You... and Schmidt?!" Brian tried to yell back in response before Blake was actually gone.

Blake finally turned around, winking toward Ted. "Bye, sweetcakes."

A few chuckles scattered about the office.

Brian V-ed his hands down his body, waiting for Ted to give his lovey-dovey a similar response.

All Ted had was a weak wave. "I'll be out shortly, Blake." He watched Blake stroll out defiantly, with such confidence. He wished he had balls enough to use a squirrelly endearment.

"Bye, Beefcake... uhm, I mean... Brian." Blake left after blowing a kiss in the general direction of Brian's confused features.

The Xerox beeped, shocking Brian back into action. He paced to the machine to get out his papers. "You need to keep a handle on that fiancée of yours, Theodore."

"Oh... I plan to." Ted thought how odd that was for Brian to say. Did he really mean it? Like he took Blake's come-on seriously?

Brian was trying to organize his copies from his originals. "I hope you know what you're doing." He didn't mean for his thoughts to be heard.

"I do." Ted found out how easily those two words rolled off his tongue. "I... really, really... do, Brian." He couldn't stop smiling sweetly or chuckling lightly under his breath as he watched Brian back away from him in near fear.

Brian thought he heard the sound of laughter, so he swiftly turned to look at Ted closely. He was aghast that Ted was simply transfixed on the man who had exited only ten seconds ago. "Traitor." He shook his head, saddened.

Ted only hesitated a second or two, but Brian was sure he heard something akin to, "You'll be next."

"Huh?" Brian raised an eyebrow in question.

Ted realized he'd spoken out loud. "What?"

"Did you have more witty banter to share with me?"

"Nope." Ted began to gather his things to leave.

"You sure?"

"Yup."

"Have a nice lunch." Brian walked away, slightly frustrated. Quietly flustered, but no one saw.

Nothing irked more than someone thinking they had some kind of insider information on your own emotional stability.

Ted couldn't wipe the grin off his face, so he simply hid it behind his hand. "Oh... I will."

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

"Am I missing something?"

"Huh?"

"I know! Your Mom decided to finally disown Sunshine Sally and she's saving all her love for you again?"

"No." Michael chuckled, tossing Hunter a few plastic grocery bags. How had Hunter known the nickname for Justin?

"Dude, c'mon."

"C'mon and do what?" Michael unlocked the front door of the house, letting everyone in. He looked back and discovered Jenny was taking her time walking up the sidewalk to get on the porch.

"Something is rotten in Denmark. Or should I say--?" Hunter squinted his eyes closer to look at Michael, in his element. He took in some of the subtle changes around the house he used to live in. There were some signs of another presence, besides Michael and his daughter. He realized he was slacking in keeping up with Michael, so he followed into the kitchen.

"What?"

"Whom?"

"I say again... huh?" Michael took the bags from Hunter, placing them in a row on the counter.

"Someone."

"Someone what?"

Hunter leaned a hip on the counter. "All this time, I've been wondering. It's eating at me to know what could have put you in this..." He flared his hands about. "... strange euphoric psychosis. And then it dawned on me."

Michael waited patiently, gathering food to put away. "Please... feel free to diagnose me, Doc. Inform me about my life."

"I thought something might have happened while I was gone. The more I'm with you and I watch close enough, I see that it's more like... someone has put this 'spark' in you. You've got a new man too. Am I right?"

Michael thought over the question. "No. You're wrong." It was true, somewhat. Brian had always been in his life. So, yeah… not a new man -- an old-new man in his life.

"Really?!" Hunter thought Michael might be trying to dodge the topic. “All the signs are there.”

"Oh, yeah?!" Michael feigned excitement to mirror Hunter's mood. He popped his head out from packing the fridge. "Care to explain yourself?" He took a few condiment bottles from Hunter, then a container of milk and orange juice.

"Oh... I will." Hunter passed the perishables to Michael. Both to make the situation more comfortable and to allow Michael to see that Hunter's curiosity wasn't piqued. He could play easily into Michael's good graces, hopefully making him accidentally let the secret slip.

A digitized tone filled the walls of the kitchen.

By instinct, Hunter patted his own body down, making sure he wasn't back on alert. "Is that you, man?" He was interested to see how calm, nonchalant Michael was about the call coming into the hidden cell phone. He tilted his head, trying to place the tune. "What is that, by the way? Can't place the song?" He was certain Michael would never be "hip" to his generation of music. "Sounds... old school." And Hunter really meant "old school", like before 1986.

Michael closed the fridge door, digging into his back jean pocket. " 'Hit The Road, Jack'." He semi-yelled the title so Hunter wouldn't disturb him again.

Hunter put up his palms. "Whoa, dude! Shit... I don't need to know if you're that touchy about the subject."

Michael held up his index finger, making Hunter pause in wait. "Hey..." He said deeply into the phone. "... yeah... I know... hold on..." He told the caller as he covered the speaker on the phone, using his clothes to block noise. "No, son... it's Ray Charles. It wasn't a suggestion."

Hunter nearly cooed at the ease Michael called him that particular endearment. Landed better on his ears than when Ben kept calling him "pal". "Oh, yeah. That guy. The blind one." He snapped his fingers trying to come up with a name he knew. "... you know... Jamie Foxx."

"Yeah... him." Michael shook his head at the huge gap in generational references. "I'm gonna take this in the other room." He gestured to the cell phone he was concaving to his left lower rib.

The timing was near perfect.

As Michael exited through one doorway, escaping anyone overhearing his private conversation, Jenny entered the kitchen carrying a very light plastic bag. It held her favorite mixture of fresh fruits.

Jenny thought Hunter was approaching her to take the groceries to stuff them in her drawer in the fridge. Instead, he lifted her right off her feet, sending her airborne for a few minutes. He then sat her on the counter, next to the other bags. She was shocked that such a skinny young man could pick her up so easily, like Brian could. "… can I help you?" She took a quick bite of the green Granny apple in her hand. She chewed to disguise her nerves. She knew next to nothing about this person her father claimed was her "brother".

Hunter paused, checking to see Michael pacing in the living room. "Tell me everything about your Dad. What's been going on with him?"

Jenny knew that was too broad of a subject for her to touch. "… I don' know a lot... evin' 'bout Daddy."

Hunter squinted his eyes on Jenny. "How old are you again?"

"… I'll be five in two months...”

"So 5 is the new 30?" Hunter quirked up one side of his mouth.

"… huh?" Jenny wasn't liking the smirk.

"Never mind." Hunter waved a hand in the air. "I often speak before my brain can process my thoughts."

"… eh, happens a lot 'round me?" Jenny responded on a sigh. She didn't mean to sound so… so… sarcastic. Like Brian.

"You..." Hunter shook a finger at the very precocious child. She had Brian Kinney written all over her, undercoated by a sweet, innocent Michael Novotny shell. Damn! Was that even possible!? "... are gonna be my new best friend."

Almost taking another bite of her delicious, juicy apple, Jenny paused to peer deeply into Hunter's devious glances.

What exactly was Hunter getting them into?

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

"Okay! Okay! Okay! I give up! That's it!" The car pulled over, the driver killing the engine. "What's wrong with you?"

Ted realized too late that he hadn't really been paying attention, allowing Blake to carry on a conversation on his own. He was staring dazed and confused out the windshield. "What? I'm sorry. I was--"

"... letting me make a complete fool of myself. You know I've had jitters, off-n-on, about this fuckin' wedding procedural planning shit, the past two weeks."

"The date does feel as if it's approaching faster every day."

"... yet you allow me to chatter on like some flaky, coked-out party boy looking for another hit to score."

"... one of the reasons why I first fell in love with you, baby."

"What?" Blake couldn't believe he heard those words.

"What? Am I not?"

"Do you even hear what you're saying? How it's sounding? Hell... do you even hear what I'm saying?"

"Yes, I'm validating everything you've said since you stopped the car."

Blake grabbed the upper rim of the steering wheel, wanting to ram his head on the curved leather. He grunted and growled, shaking his head of such violent thoughts. "We should have eloped when you brought me back here after the ski trip. We were just talking about this the other day."

"The other day? May I remind you... it has been 67 days. Nearly three months since we reunited and I asked you to be my partner for life. Which, let me tell you, was much more difficult to plan than the actual wedding. Although, if you really think about this you'll discover it's not really the 'thing' we're anticipating that unravels us every time. No... it becomes the anticipation, itself, we should admit affects us."

Blake put up his hands, wondering. "Am I even in this conversation anymore?"

"Of course..." Ted went to smooth a hand down Blake's cheek, but Blake was half-way out his car door. "... sweetie? Hey, wait. Where are you--?" Ted climbed out his seat, remaining on the passenger side of the car. "What's going on?" This was the first time Ted took a look around where they were parked. He hadn't seen this place before. It was positively breathtaking. "Are we still in Pittsburgh? Are we still in Pennsylvania?"

Blake tucked his fingers into his jeans pockets, letting out an adorable quirky smile. "Just enough to be consider skipping out of town." He moved to the seat behind the driver, pulling out the plastic bags of food.

"You're not planning on feeding me until I feel like bursting, then kill me? Burying me where no one can find me?" Ted asked in simple curiosity.

"No." Blake chuckled at the tease, then looked up, pinpointing his eyes on Ted. "But don't do anything to tempt me." He appeared serious for only a second before he broke into another smile.

"Define 'anything'? And does it have to border 'stupid'?"

Blake couldn't remain sullen with Ted looking so cute. "C'mon, follow me."

Ted obliged, but only because he loved the twinkle in Blake's blue eyes. "Said the murderer to the homicide victim." He glanced about them, noticing they couldn't be more alone if they tried. They had quite a spectacular view looking down on the world. Or simply looking down on The Pitts, through some forests. "You are planning on bringing me back to work today, aren't you?"

"I might be bending the rules a bit, but I figured you're owed a mere hour or two on your usual lunch break."

Ted followed discretely, hoping nobody would jump out at him to kidnap or kill him if Blake wasn't planning on either. "I feel like this place should mean something to us, but I'm not really exactly sure..." He tucked his hands in his jacket.

"Not for you or for us... only for me." Blake stated simply as he perched on the low, stone wall that overlooked the forestry below them.

"Oh, yeah? When you were a kid?" Funny, Blake never talked much about his youth or his past. Ted picked up his pace, heading toward the low rock-lined wall.

"No, not actually. Another rebirth, of sorts."

"During sobriety."

"You could say that." Blake sat with his feet dangling over the expanse of multi-colored woodland and greenery. "It was more like on the cusp. Some random John brought me up here. He wanted to be alone. He knew of this place. I'm not sure what his actual 'game' was, but it was pretty shitty. I was tanked, so it didn't matter much. I was going with whatever the guy wanted." Blake peeked at Ted, then turned back to go on talking. "He was an older guy... seemed fairly cool, decent... normal looking..." He stopped himself from speaking about how the man reminded him of Ted, because it certainly wasn't in looks, but simple countenance. Like he really cared about Blake. "He was a really nice guy, until I wouldn't give him what he wanted. I thought he was taking me back to his place, but he brought me here, instead." He shook his head as if he was back in the fear and danger of his life ending. "At one in the morning. I thought I was dead for sure."

"Not the greatest place for a blind date." Ted joked, realizing Blake had slipped back to that very point in time. He had walked closer, standing near Blake while he spoke, but he knew better. The past wasn't fixable. Anything and everything that continued to bring them together, keep them together... it all had to be looked upon as needing to have happened. Though regrettable, those moments were what made Blake who he was today. Ted was proud, either way.

"Though we both took a good hit of crystal... I was still getting this weird vibe off him. Like my life might be in danger if I hadn't put myself in harm's way. I feared if I didn't do what he wanted, he would've killed me or hurt me until I died slowly. I feared if I refused him, he would've found ways to hurt me, permanently."

Ted was seated beside Blake, facing the opposite way. "So you did what he wanted?"

"No... I wised up. Got out of his car. Refused to get back in."

"What did he do?"

"Tried to hit me with his car." Blake shook his head. "Thank God we were both so high. He sucked at driving, kept hitting this wall and the trees behind us." He point toward the tree lined woods. "Luckily, I passed out... somewhere in these low bushes. He couldn't find me. So he gave up, drove off into the night."

Ted reached out to cover Blake's fluttering hands with his own. "I'm glad you're here and you made it."

Blake grew still, staring directly at Ted. He sighed heavily, his eyes never moving from Ted's face. "I was out for more than eighteen hours. I had a hard, difficult sobriety. Waking up to this--" He looked up at all the natural beauty around him. "I don't know. I guess what shocked me most was what I was thinking about when I woke up."

"Which was?"

"You. Probably bringing you here, doing something like this. Just... you..." Blake stated plain as the sun shining brightly on his young, enchanting features. "It's always been you. Always there, always by my side. Even when you weren't around, you were there for me." He tapped a temple off his forehead.

Ted had no easy comeback, simply speechless. What was this wedding doing to them? Freaking them out to the point of… hard realizations?

Blake smiled easily, passing Ted one container of food and some plastic silverware. "It's okay. I'm here now." He shook his head slightly. He was trying to show he was back to rights, able to focus on the Now. "I can wait." He then passed over a soda.

Ted grabbed for the drink, except he wrapped his hand over Blake's, tugging slowly, bringing them closer. "Just when I think it's not possible to love you more--"

Blake had taken a bite of his salad, chomping on some dark green lettuce. "That..." He ate some more to not look so disgusting. He wiped away the salad dressing that had dripped on his chin. "... is so sweet to say. I didn't mean for you to--"

Ted didn't bother to start eating yet. "You know we don't have to go through with it."

“What?” Blake almost choked. This was not how he wanted this lunch to go. "No, I--"

Placing his food off to the side, Ted straddled the brick wall, facing Blake. "No… you listen to me, I'm not suggesting we not get married. I'm saying -- I don't need it… the wedding or the 'Til Death Do Us Part bits. I can feel married to you… a part of you… in a very simple ceremony. Or we can elope, like you said."

Blake chuckled, his dimples deep and adorable. “I'm not disagreeing with the wedding.” His blue eyes sparkled with unshed tears. He took a swig of his water bottle. "I just--I think, sometimes, we're only doing this so they'll know, you know?"

In that very second, both men had communicated as easily as they ever had or could have.

"Yeah… isn't it sad we have to try so hard to prove our love--our commitment… to one another? Simply to get noticed or heard? Like they don't take us seriously." Ted stated matter-of-factly. "Why is it always so difficult?"

"Well…" Blake shifted his head from one side to the other. "… it's not all bad. I tell you what, I can't wait for the day I can stand up in front of every single one of your friends, and some of your family, and confess what I love most about you." He reached out to touch Ted's cheek, watching those eyes shut at the tender sensations rolling through him.

"Me, too." Ted shook his head in fascination, the wonderment of falling deeper in love with Blake every single moment of their life together. Married or not.

"Brian will be in his element." Blake nudged Ted.

"He'll have a field day with us." Ted sighed heavily, dawning on him that he would be willing to be the brunt of another of Brian's put-downs. Or maybe to show off what he was capable of despite Brian's indifference.

Blake and Ted turned to stare at one another.

"Were you--?"

"… thinking what I was thinking?"

Blake was chuckling deeply as he spoke. "We can't have a wedding only because of he doesn't want us to, can we?" It was almost ballsy enough to do exactly what they were thinking.

"I'd walk down that aisle just to see his face."

"Me too."

It was then that they realized what the purpose of their ceremony was… and they leaned into one another to seal the agreement with a kiss.

~~TBC...