The Tease
by *Lady Lucia* 

Part One

Victoria Culver was one of the hottest girls in The Branches.

The suburban neighborhood was aptly named, as the streets were a confusing mess for even those that lived there. It’s a wonder anyone found the pool amidst the never-ending twists and turns of streets branching off deeper and deeper into the suburbs from the main road. But Victoria had the route memorized. Once school was out for the summer, she spent nearly every day lounging by the water. Always in a bikini, always with her brunette hair dry and worn down with a gentle curl. Tanning was the priority, rather than swimming, so her long locks always looked perfect.

Victoria was pretty and popular, and quite the tease as well. With an innocent flair, she would ask boys to lotion her back, take a picture for her Instagram, and/or get her a water bottle from the concession stand. Those were the main three, and young Lucy Baker saw it day after day after day. The way Victoria would so demurely pull her hair aside and offer her smooth shoulders and back for a boy to lotion. The way she would hand her phone over with a soft smile and an ‘I can trust you, right?’ in regards to them not running off with it and/or snooping through the unlocked device. The way she would ask for a drink and offer to pay back however much the water cost, only for the guy fetching it to tell her not to worry about it.

She was just one of those attractive girls whose deep eyes and friendly demeanor could be wishfully interpreted as flirty by any guy she gave attention to, but was never overt enough for those teenage boys to know for sure. So they’d keep trying. It wasn’t even friend-zoning, as she was hardly friends with any of them. They were just neighborhood peers, and she was the hot girl who managed to stay in her lounge chair all day long without lifting a finger.

Victoria had to know what she was doing. Yet she never showed even a glimpse of a smirk, not even when one of her boys was walking away. It was a constant façade of sweet and innocent, layered on top of a bombshell of a body. And now that Victoria was a college girl, with one year of undergrad under her belt, it just made her all the more enticing to the high school boys who had already salivated over her plenty in previous years.

Lucy was sick of it.

At sixteen years old, the rising sophomore was there for all the right reasons. Lucy spent her summer vacations swimming and hanging out with her friends at the pool, rather than tanning alone, which is probably why she disliked Victoria so much. What kind of girl just goes to the pool alone for the express purpose of getting some sun? At least the other girls in the neighborhood who appreciated tanning came in small groups and got in the water once or twice somewhere along the way.

Not Victoria. And it’s not like she was shy or friendless. Anyone that pretty and outgoing was bound to have plenty of girlfriends, but those girls never seemed to get an invite to the pool.

Lucy had spent hours plotting against the girl. Not obsessively, but more in an idle brainstorming kind of way. At first, it was just a fleeting fantasy of somehow ruining Victoria’s day by dumping a bucket of ice on her, or ‘accidentally’ getting gum in her hair. But the more Lucy thought about it, often while glancing across the pool at Victoria in annoyance, the more she actually wanted to act on the impulses brought on by the amusing mental images.

After chatting and giggling with her girlfriends about possible ideas, from stupidly simple all the way to edgy villain levels of complicated, Lucy finally settled on a hybrid of the two. Her new summer mission was to expose Victoria for the world to see. Literally. Part of it was devious and required a huge risk on her part. The rest, however, was fairly straightforward. It’s difficult to be a tease when you’re buck naked, and Victoria’s impressive cleavage and tight bikini bottoms begged for attention anyway. Why not take away the mystery and show the boys everything?

It was a gamble, for sure. Lucy loved the water. And, after her friend Ellie moved away a year ago, Lucy and her friends no longer had a private pool available for cooling off and hanging out on those hot summer days. The public neighborhood one wasn’t quite the same, but it was still a good social way to combat the heat. But, until they lucked into another friend with a private pool in her backyard, it was the best they all had. So Lucy was risking her pool privileges with this, which would no doubt be taken away for the kind of trouble this might rain down on her. But that was only if she got caught.

Once the poolside think tank had shifted from brainstorming amongst girlfriends to some semblance of a real plan, all three of them got a little more nervous about actually following through. Lucy was brave enough and convincing enough to keep them on board, however, especially since she would be doing most of the heavy lifting. Since Victoria was at the pool pretty much every day, that made it easy to keep tabs on her. Fiona and May were on lookout duty; one with Lucy, one with Victoria.

One mildly illegal mission later, and all of Lucy’s pieces were at least on the board. Now she just had to be patient. Although Victoria didn’t know it, she was the one who would indirectly be deciding when to be stripped.

And, on whatever day it would be, Lucy was ready.


PART TWO

It was time.

Adult swim, at 12:45 PM. The busiest time at the pool, but also the time where the least amount of people would actually be swimming. A lot of parents were either grilling under the pavilion or passing out whatever lunch they packed for the kids. The biggest audience possible for Victoria’s show. The hot brunette had no idea that she was about to be the star of the production Lucy had so thoroughly set up, but that would just make the reactions more authentic.

The main attraction, of course, would only last a matter of seconds. That’s why so many phones were trained on the tanning girl. All it took was a little rumor. ‘Victoria is going to be naked at adult swim.’ Lucy and her two girlfriends spread the word around noon, but only for a few minutes. Then they simply sat back and let things circulate so it would be impossible to trace the origin of the rumor back to them. Not that anyone would try. It’s not like there was going to be an investigation about it or anything.

It really was the perfect way to get people interested. There was no harm in wasting a few minutes trying to capture a photo of a naked girl, especially for the teenage guys at the pool. Worst case scenario, they would lose a few minutes of their lives and be a little disappointed. Best case, the rumor would be true, and they would get a picture of a /real/ naked girl. Online photos weren’t quite the same as seeing a girl you actually know.

“Ready?” Lucy asked. Her friend May was the one to set things in motion. Unlike Lucy’s two BFFs, May lived in a different neighborhood. That way, even if someone saw her, she wouldn’t get in trouble. This was her first time at the Branches pool as a guest, and Lucy had swiped her a guest pass to avoid the check-in desk. Even though the two of them weren’t that close, Lucy trusted her. May was interested in one of the guys Victoria regularly flirted with, so this benefited her as well.

May just smiled. She tossed her hair back dramatically. “Born ready. Cameras ready, girls?”

Of course. Lucy and her two poolside friends had picked the best seats in the house. Normally they preferred finding a secluded table off in the corner to avoid being surrounded by noisy kids, but not today. They were poised in the perfect spot to film the entire thing, though one of Lucy’s friends was about to be heading off with May to get a better vantage point for pictures that would pair well with the video. And, even if the three of them missed something, there were plenty of other teens watching who would catch everything from all the other angles.

The one downside to the plan, of course, was that Lucy wouldn’t be able to listen in on the conversation between May and Victoria. But that was a small price to pay. She watched with bated breath as May circled around to the other side of the pool and approached the teasing brunette. With her eyes closed, Victoria didn’t seem to notice when May walked up and picked up the small purse sitting just underneath the reclined chaise. Lucy kept her phone trained on the two of them, playing out the conversation in her head.

/‘Hey, bitch. I hear you’ve been flirting with my boyfriend.’/

Victoria looked unamused as she squinted her eyes against the sun for a moment, but then she noticed the purse. With a surprised expression, she sat up and held out her hand. /‘That’s mine! Give it back.’/ Or something like that.

Lucy had no idea what May’s parting words were. But, without any hesitation, Victoria’s purse was leaving May’s hand and flying towards the pool.

For a moment, Victoria looked shocked. It took everything Lucy had to not burst into laughter at the normally perfect girl’s image. But, for the sake of the video, she needed to stay quiet. Jumping into action, Victoria scrambled to her feet and ran towards the edge of the pool. Though her wallet and phone and plenty of other things were weighing it down, the material and the surface area of the purse kept it partially buoyant for the time being. However, it would start sinking any second if left unattended.

Then Fiona’s little sister pulled the wire. Fiona had tied one end to the lifeguard stand, just before adult swim, when he was distracted by something across the pool. It wouldn’t go unnoticed forever, but Lucy and company only needed it for a few minutes. The eleven year old Girl Scout in charge of the knot and the other end of the wire had been instructed to pull it HARD, and she was definitely the piece of the puzzle Lucy was most nervous about. Those worries were quickly eliminated, as it was clearly taut enough to work on Victoria.

The bikini clad brunette screamed. Tripped by the near invisible wire, her haste to save her purse provided enough momentum to hurdle her towards the water without a chance of finding her balance.


PART THREE

There were plenty already eagerly watching, hoping to see Victoria naked, but her piercing scream no doubt succeeded in drawing attention from the rest of the pool as well. With a satisfying splash, Victoria’s whole body plunged into the water. Her flailing leg caught the purse as well, and the following disturbance of the pool’s surface was more than enough to cause the small leather bag to sink. Soaked personal possessions were more of an afterthought in the grand scheme of things, but it was still satisfying to watch Victoria's colorful purse disappear below the surface.

Now, for the moment of truth.

Lucy knew it would work. She had done the research, and tested it herself, but felt the doubt creeping in nonetheless. They only had one shot at this. Sending Victoria flying into the water was satisfying in itself, especially with the total lack of grace that came with being unexpectedly tripped, but that wouldn’t be enough to stop Victoria from coming back tomorrow. Lucy wanted mortifying, not embarrassing. So, practically holding her breath, she watched the scene through her phone’s screen.

Victoria righted herself in the water, head emerging a moment later as her feet found the bottom of the pool. Her dark brown locks were a total mess, clumped together by the water and partially sticking to her face, though the hot girl had enough senses about her to at least push the wet strands aside almost immediately. Then she noticed the purse, gasping in horror at the sight of her potentially ruined things inside. Quickly retrieving the bag from under the surface, her scowl was unlike the usual demure expression the girl usually wore. She was clearly scanning the edge of the pool for someone to blame, but May and Fiona’s little sister had already scurried away to avoid any trouble.

Rather than hoist herself out of the water at the pool’s edge, Victoria waded towards the corner stairs instead. Good. The attempt at dignity would end up being counterproductive, as every extra second in the water counted.

Then Lucy saw it. Well, everyone saw it, as it was easy to hear the excited murmuring here and there. The pool wasn’t exactly quiet, now that people saw that the girly scream was just a teenager falling into the water and not anything actually worth worrying about. A lot of adults were back to their small talk, but there were still plenty of eyes on Victoria. And, more notably, her emerald bikini bottoms floating up to the water’s surface.

The girl’s bare ass was somewhat visible below the clear water, though the gentle waves blurred the image a little bit. Lucy held her breath, praying for the top to slip off as well before Victoria was out of the water. It turned out that the bottomless girl’s escape from the water was the very thing needed to complete the job. As Victoria ascended the pool’s steps, her chest emerging from the water caused enough resistance between gravity and the brief suction-like pull of the water for her bikini cups to flop off her chest and for the strings to drop and lazily float in the water behind her.

Victoria didn’t seem to notice. The adjustment from her body being underwater to being back in the summer air was probably a factor, as was the fact that she was so focused on keeping her purse elevated in order to protect her belongings from any further damage. Just like that, Victoria stepped out of the pool and onto dry land. Buck naked. Objectively, she was still plenty attractive with her hourglass figure, save for two things. One, her ass and crotch were PALE, as were the two circles on her chest that never got any sun. Two, she was naked from head to toe in public, and there aren’t many teenagers who can pull that off with shameless confidence.

Lucy watched with bright eyes and a wide grin as the pool’s biggest tease stood there with nothing left to hide. The best part? Victoria still didn’t know. Maybe her wet body made it difficult to tell, or maybe she was still rattled from everything that just happened. Maybe both. Either way, the nude girl simply walked towards her lounge chair, oblivious to just how many people were staring and/or capturing her exposure on camera. Her near D-cups swayed ever so slightly as she stormed step by step back to her spot; it was crazy that she hadn’t noticed the missing support yet. And, even better, Victoria was shaved or waxed below the waist, which made her exposed private area that much easier to see.

It was only when Victoria sat herself back down, more concerned with dealing with her wet possessions than trying to find May to berate, that she noticed something was off. Was it from feeling the vinyl straps of the chair directing against her bare ass? Or just from the light breeze hitting her exposed chest? Either way, her head snapped down to verify whatever she noticed. Victoria’s eyes widened and her jaw dropped in abject horror.

Meanwhile, Lucy was beaming and still capturing every second of the show on video.


CONCLUSION

Quick as lightning, Victoria threw her arms over her chest and crotch, slamming her legs together as well, but it was too late. Everyone that Lucy and company had told were well prepared to immortalize the precious few moments while they lasted, as had the many others who heard through the grapevine. Not only that, but everyone around her had noticed. A few kids were giggling and pointing, and all the adults nearby were just as shocked and confused as Victoria was. One lady was on the way to tell the girl about her wardrobe malfunction, but Victoria thankfully figured it out while Lucy still had a good sight line.

There was one more exciting factor. Since Victoria only came to the pool to tan, she never brought a towel. Just a thin tank top and some short shorts most days, as what better way to get her usual guys to notice her than to peel off her clothes and reveal her bikini choice of the day? Lucy had considered tasking one of her girlfriends to swipe up the makeshift pillow from Victoria’s reclined chair, but ultimately decided it wasn’t worth the effort. Putting on clothes while wet was enough of a chore under normal circumstances, but doing so with an audience to one’s nudity would be quite the show. Not that she expected Victoria to attempt it.

For a few long seconds, the naked brunette just sat there. Not because she was frozen, but because it was the safest play. Her arms and the seat beneath her provided some much needed modesty, and Lucy could see from all the way across the pool that Victoria was weighing her options. The girl’s head whipped left and right, nervously scanning for escape routes or help. Bathroom? Pool gate? Beg someone nearby for a towel?

Unfortunately for Victoria, Lucy’s little rumor had the unintentional side effect of pressuring Victoria to act rashly. When Victoria was looking around, she began noticing not only how many people were staring, but also how many cameras were pointed at her. Some from two chairs down, plenty of adolescent boys nearby that had slowly made their way towards Victoria’s spot at adult swim, and then those like Lucy who had picked a spot across the pool to avoid any people being in the way.

Victoria blushed bright red, lips parting a bit in surprise at the mortifying situation she was in. Then, in an instant, she jumped to her feet and turned around. Lucy had to give the tease some credit. It was a smart play. Though the move exposed Victoria’s pale ass, it gave her a few seconds to grab her clothes without baring her chest for the world to see when she temporarily removed her upper arm. The good news was, those that had already seen Victoria’s front side ended up with a great view of the half they had missed so far.

Whipping back around, Victoria had her arm back over her chest. Her lower hand now clutched both clothes and purse over her crotch. And, once she was upright after partially bending over to hastily collect her things, she ran.

Straight towards the pool gate, running Red Rover style through a group of three boys who had their phones trained on her. Lucy had to stifle a giggle at the sight of Victoria’s pale ass bouncing from every step. The boys parted enough to avoid being run over by the charging naked girl, but one of them managed to score a sharp slap on her bare backside as she pushed through them. Victoria gasped in surprise, but kept fleeing as quickly as she was able. Ignoring the jeers and judgment all around her, the naked girl took a sharp left turn and escaped through the front gate.

Lucy finally ended her video after the perfect “Oh my GOD” from Fiona sitting right next to her. Shame the pool gate wasn’t latched. Watching Victoria struggle to get past that obstacle with full hands would have been fun, but oh well. As for the naked girl’s purse, it seemed to have taken on enough water to permanently stay at the bottom of the pool. In the grand scheme of things, the tease’s soaked personal possessions were more of an afterthought. Still, it was satisfying to have the colorful purse down there as a reminder of the naked girl who just disappeared into the parking lot.

Taking a circuitous route back from her position, May joined Lucy and Fiona back at their spot. She idly floated the idea of retrieving Victoria’s wallet and having some fun with her credit cards, but Lucy waved the suggestion off. They did what they set out to do. Sneaking into Victoria's house and doctoring a few of her bikinis with dissolving glue had already been enough of a risk on Lucy's part, as was hopping the public pool's fence late at night to self-test the idea with one of her own old swimsuits.

With all those pictures and videos that would no doubt circulate throughout the neighborhood and beyond, Victoria was no longer going to be able to tease anyone with her skimpy bikinis. She had nothing left to hide. And, if Lucy had to guess, the publicly exposed girl probably wouldn't be showing her face at the pool any time soon.

“Well, girls?” Lucy asked, with a content smile, “How about some ice cream? I’m sure Victoria’s boys would be happy to join us.”