Wife Exposed At Resort
by Butchheathway

Wife Exposed At Resort Pt. 03

Things heat up involving another couple and a camera.

In the car on the way back to the resort I asked Wendy how she was feeling.

"I'm not sure, conflicted?" "On the one hand that was the horniest I've ever felt and on the other I feel disgusting and dirty." "How do you feel?"

"I'm not sure either." "I don't feel jealous or angry or anything, that was the hottest thing I've ever seen." "I'm still hard, I can't get the image of you sucking his cock out of my head."

"I didn't know what was happening, I knew it was you when you came into the changing room but in my head I was thinking it could be anyone."

"I was so turned on by the thought of a complete stranger fucking me that when he put his cock in my mouth I wanted him to do it." "I wanted to suck him until he came in my mouth."

"You shouldn't feel disgusted, dirty perhaps." I laughed.

"I do feel incredibly dirty but at the same time I kind of want to do it again."

"Thank god the clothes are cheap here, otherwise this could turn out to be an expensive trip."

We arrived back at the resort mid afternoon Wendy desperate to clean up and me with a raging hard on.

We get back to our room and dump the bags and turn on the Jacuzzi out on the balcony.

Wendy strips off and gets into the bubbling water.

I look down as my wife relaxes in the large tub.

We are on the ground floor and the balcony has a high slatted fence giving some feeling of privacy but I notice we are overlooked somewhat by the second floor of the building opposite.

Wendy is slowly moving her hips around under the water, I see she is trying to manoeuvre herself into the perfect position to take full advantage of the powerful jet of water streaming towards her open legs.

"That looks nice, is it hitting the right spot?"

"Mmmmm, not quite but it is very nice."

She spreads her legs wider and tries to shuffle closer to the source.

I get into the tub behind her and support her back as she tries to find the sweet spot.

My rampant cock is pressed up against the small of her back.

The jet of water is breaking the surface just in front of her pussy as she struggles to stay in position.

It's a very erotic sight watching her spread her legs and trying to manipulate the jet onto her clit.

She lifts herself up in frustration and turns around on her hands and knees facing me.

"Oh that's better."

She is kneeling with her pussy just out of the water so the jet is at full force right on her clit.

I take hold her head with both hands and kiss her passionately, she sucks my tongue into her mouth.

I can feel her tongue licking around mine as she grinds her hips back against the water jet.

She pulls her head back to release my tongue.

"Give me your cock, I want to suck it."

I kneel in front of her and she slowly starts to take me into her mouth.

The feeling is incredible as she lowers her mouth over my cock.

I reach over her long back and stroke her backside.

This seems to spur her on and she sucks my cock with more urgency.

I gradually slide my middle finger into her arse, she groans around my cock and takes me fully into her mouth as I push deeper into her arse.

I glance up and see someone on the balcony opposite looking over in our direction.

I'm not sure how much they can see but they are definitely looking at us.

I tell Wendy someone is watching us and she groans louder than before.

She is so turned on, she bucks a little as I slide my finger in even deeper.

"They are watching you suck my cock."

She groans again even louder.

"They can see you having your pussy licked and your arse fucked."

She groans even louder and longer.

At this point she is groaning pretty much constantly as her orgasm approaches.

I can't hold out much longer and my cock is so deep in her mouth I can't pull out so I start to spurt down her throat.

She sucks frantically as she swallows everything.

Her orgasm hits as I slide out of her mouth.

"Oh god, fuck me."

She throws her arms around my waist and her arse seems to be drawing my finger in as her orgasm finally subsides.

Wendy turns and leans back against me and looks up at the balcony opposite.

"I wonder if they enjoyed that as much as I did?" She says.

I look up but I can just about make out the outline of a man-shaped silhouette as the sun is setting behind whoever it is watching us.

I think they must be able to see us quite clearly as we are bathed in the light of the setting sun.

I look down over Wendy's shoulder at her naked body floating on the surface of the bubbling water and she looks so beautiful. Completely carefree with her legs spread wide spotlit in a golden glow.

The voyeur is still there watching as we exit the Jacuzzi and go inside to relax and get ready for dinner.

We are eating at one of the more formal restaurants at the resort so we dress up a bit.

I wear a pair of linen trousers and a collared shirt and Wendy wears the blouse and pleated skirt ensemble she picked up earlier in town.

Watching her put on the garter belt and fasten the garters to her stocking tops gives me such a thrill and makes me rock hard again.

We walk over to the restaurant which has a menu based on French cuisine and we are seated towards the back of the room at a nicely set round table.

We order some wine as we peruse the menu and settle in for a pleasant evening of wine and food.

The way we are sitting at the table means I don't hold out much hope of catching a glimpse of stocking or anything below the waist so I ask Wendy to unbutton her blouse to expose her gorgeous cleavage.

She looks around and slowly unfastens first one, then two buttons and pulls her blouse open slightly.

The waiter arrives with our entrees and he can't help but notice the exposed view of her magnificent breasts.

He's obviously distracted as he stutters the description of the food and almost drops Wendy's plate.

We are getting really turned on by recounting our adventures so far and pondering the identity of the voyeur on the balcony from this afternoon.

We have finished the main course and have just ordered dessert when I ask Wendy to take off her knickers and give them to me.

"No, I can't. Not here, there are too many people."

She's saved by the arrival of the dessert.

I wait until the plates are cleared and then insist.

"Take your knickers off and give them to me, come on it will give me such a thrill."

She quickly looks around and then nervously shuffles back on her seat and starts to peel off her knickers.

She freezes halfway down her thighs and looks up as we are approached by a very well dressed older couple.

The man speaks up. "Sorry to interrupt but would you mind if we joined you for a drink?"

We are both struck dumb and the couple proceed to sit either side of us and start pouring the wine.

"We hate to intrude but we couldn't help noticing you two enjoying yourselves and thought we'd come over and introduce ourselves."

"My name is Thomas and this is my wife Helen."

"Erm, I'm David and this is Wendy." I manage to mumble.

"Well this is nice isn't it, please don't let us stop what it is you were doing my dear."

He's looking down towards Wendy's lap where her hands are still frozen either side of her thighs pulling her knickers down.

Wendy is looking over at me with a puzzled expression on her face wondering what she should do.

I'm no help to her whatsoever and give a slight shrug which was meant to signal helplessness but she apparently reads as indifference.

Wendy continues to remove her knickers, both hands pulling them down to the floor, she steps out of her knickers and brings them up to the table and extends her hand to me and drops them on the table in front of me.

"Oh bravo young lady, bravo!" Thomas quietly applauds.

I'm staring down at my wife's crumpled black lacy knickers and I'm so hard it hurts.

I really don't know what to say or do and hesitate just long enough for Thomas to reach over and pick up Wendy's knickers.

"These are lovely." He says.

He holds them apart with both hands and then crumples them in one hand and holds them in front of his face and inhales deeply.

"Intoxicating!"

We are both still dumbstruck, not knowing how to react when Helen speaks.

"You must forgive my husband, he does love to push the boundaries of decency."

"I beg to differ my dear, it's indecency that interests me."

"Which is where you two come in, we would like to invite you to join us in our apartment for a nightcap."

"I'm not sure that's a good idea." I manage to reply.

"Oh I think you should, Helen mixes a remarkable cocktail and we would very much like to show you the pictures I took this afternoon, they are spectacular."

"Pictures of what, exactly?" I ask.

"Pictures of you of course, I managed to capture your splendid performance this afternoon in glorious technicolour, also you can retrieve these." Thomas says as he stands up from the table holding Wendy's knickers.

"Please come with us, he hates being disappointed." Helen practically pleads.

I look over at Wendy and ask her what she thinks.

"I don't know, I would like to get my knickers back and we should see what these pictures are."

"Please, follow me and don't worry about the bill, that's all taken care of." Thomas says as he leads the way out of the restaurant.

This feels slightly disconcerting but intriguing at the same time which is why we find ourselves meekly tagging along.

"Come along, we don't bite." Thomas says.

He doesn't seem particularly threatening but he is definitely in control.

It feels uncomfortable being this passive and being coerced in this way but part of me really wants to see these pictures.

We enter the building opposite ours and get into the mirror lined lift to go up to the second floor.

"Here you are my dear, you can put these back on if you like."

Thomas hands over Wendy's knickers and she proceeds to awkwardly put them back on.

She looks so beautiful as she stares him down as she pulls her knickers up under her skirt.

"Lovely, just lovely."

The lift arrives at the second floor and we follow Thomas to the door of what appears to be the only dwelling on this level.

"Welcome to our humble abode." He says as he opens the door to a very plush interior.

"Please, make yourselves at home, Helen, please make our guests one of your special cocktails."

"Not for me thanks." I say as I think a clear head is called for.

"Nonsense, I insist, besides Helen will take offence if you refuse, won't you dear?"

"I'm not sure about that darling, but I hate to see these go to waste." Helen is already pouring and stirring various liquids into tall iced glasses.

She turns back towards us holding a glass in each hand for Wendy and I.

"I won't be offended if you don't like it but please try, they are my special recipe."

We both accept our drinks and Wendy takes a sip of hers.

"Mmmmm, nice." She says.

I take a swig and it is indeed really good.

Maybe it's because we have already had a couple of bottles of wine or these drinks are really potent but I immediately feel the need to sit down.

"Please make yourselves comfortable, here, sit here." Helen points out a couple of plush, high backed chairs facing a large screen TV.

"Ah, yes let's start the show." Thomas says.

Thomas takes a seat next to me as Helen turns on the screen and starts up a laptop computer.

Helen hands Thomas a small remote control and he clicks onto the first slide.

The atmosphere is electric as the first image appears on the big screen.

I've never been this turned on yet completely relaxed in my life.

There on the big screen is an image of my wife completely naked standing in front of the Jacuzzi bathed in the golden glow of the late afternoon sun.

The image is crystal clear it looks like the camera is about two metres away at a slightly elevated angle.

It's an amazing shot, I can't help but be impressed at the definition and all round quality of the image.

Also, Wendy looks stunning.

She is caught mid step so one foot is slightly in front of the other.

Her arms are open and she seems to be taking the first step of a particularly erotic dance.

Her naturally curly hair is loose and framing her beautiful face.

She has a slight smile, and this is the thing that gets me, she seems to be looking straight at the camera.

"Wow!" I say quietly.

"Yes indeed." Thomas says.

"Your wife is stunning."

He clicks onto the next image.

"These are just the highlights you understand."

This image is of Wendy with her lower body just under water, her breasts floating on the surface and her long legs spread wide.

Again it's a stunning shot.

I can't believe the detail.

Thomas advances the slides one by one, he's captured every moment in stunning detail.

The images of my wife's backside clearing the water as she kneels in front of me are particularly glorious.

The awkward feeling has given way to a strange comfortable calmness tinged with an undertone of eroticism.

I feel incredibly aroused and totally at ease in the presence of these strangers.

I can tell Wendy is feeling similarly as she sits sipping her drink and is transfixed by the images on the screen.

"They will of course go no further and they are purely for our pleasure alone." Thomas says.

"I wonder if you would be interested in allowing me to take some more photographs of you, perhaps, here? Tonight?"

Wendy responds first. "Oh I don't know, I'm not sure I would be any good and I think I'd be too nervous."

"Yes I'm not sure it's a good idea." I say.

"My dear you will be marvellous and there is absolutely no need to be nervous."

"You don't feel nervous now do you?"

"Well, I suppose I don't, not really, I should do but I don't."

"You look marvellous in those clothes and you look absolutely sensational naked, you are at the peak of your powers, wouldn't it be good to capture that raw naked beauty now while you can?" Thomas says.

Helen steps forward and takes Wendy's hand.

"Here, let me help you."

All resistance seems to melt away and Wendy stands up and allows herself to be led into the next room.

Thomas turns to me and says.

"Your wife is very beautiful, I promise you will not regret this, indeed, you may come to savour it and you will always have a record of this night."

"Let's join the ladies shall we?"

He gets up from his chair and I follow him into the bedroom.

I can't quite work out how I feel.

I know something is not quite right but I'm so turned on and strangely serene that I don't have the urge to flee and get us both out of there.

I walk in to see Wendy sitting on the edge of the bed still fully clothed and Helen is covering her eyes with a blindfold.

"This will help you forget about the camera and it will heighten your pleasure, I promise."

"Oh, ok." Wendy seems to be in a trance.

There is a professional looking camera on a tripod set up at the foot of the bed and another camera sitting on a low table just off to the right of the bed.

Thomas picks up the loose camera and snaps off a few shots of Wendy and Helen as the blindfold is being adjusted.

Thomas is in charge.

"Ok darling if you could just move away so I can have this stunning creature alone please."

"That's it, good."

"Now, Wendy, please start unbuttoning your blouse, from the top, slowly."

Thomas is snapping away as Wendy slowly unbuttons her top.

"Now, stand up and pull your blouse out from your skirt."

Wendy stands up and is pulling the blouse out from the wist of her skirt which opens the blouse at the front revealing her fabulous large breasts encased in a very sexy black lacy bra. She starts to try and remove the top from her shoulders but can't quite manage.

"Darling, help her with that would you?"

It's not really a question, it's a command and Helen jumps up to help her take her top off.

It's then I notice Helen has removed her dress and is now practically naked, wearing only a pair of skimpy knickers.

She is in great shape for someone her age (I'd say she was mid to late fifties) and is very, very sexy.

"Right now Wendy start undoing your skirt from the bottom up."

Wendy carefully reaches down to start on the bottom button, this gives us a great view of her cleavage as she bends forward.

"Lovely, perfect." "Now, keep going, slowly, that's it, now slowly undo the last button and open your skirt."

My mouth is dry and I'm holding my breath as Wendy slowly opens her skirt to reveal her stocking clad legs held up by a sexy garter belt and the lacy knickers everyone is already familiar with.

My cock is pushing up towards my belly and is only kept in check by my belt.

"Ok, drop the skirt and turn around."

"Lean forward, put your hands on the bed, open your legs, wider!"

Wendy does not hesitate and follows his instructions like a pro.

"Get on the bed, kneel, open your legs, lift up your head, open your mouth."

Wendy looks so good as Thomas moves in closer to take shots behind her and to the side then he kneels to the side of the bed in front of her.

He leans forward and says.

"Imagine there's a big cock of a complete stranger right in front of you."

Wendy stretches her neck slightly, opens her mouth to form a wide circle and sticks out her tongue and groans.

"Oh you dirty girl, you'd love to be sucking cock right now wouldn't you?"

Wendy just groans again.

"Come on, tell me, do you want to suck cock?"

Wendy groans again, then. "Yes."

"You love sucking cock don't you?"

"Yes."

This is incredible, less than a week ago she would not admit to liking oral sex at all but here she is on her hands and knees with her mouth wide open, confessing to a complete stranger her love for sucking cock.

"Ok on your back."

Wendy quickly flips over.

"Let's lose the bra first."

Wendy reaches back behind her and unfastens her bra and shrugs the straps off each shoulder and drops it on the floor.

"Open your legs, put your hand between your legs, that's it over your panties."

Thomas is kneeling by her head shooting down over her body when she reaches up with her free hand and tries to stroke his cock through his trousers.

"No my dear, no, stand up!"

Wendy slowly gets to her feet at the foot of the bed.

"Darling it's time to remove those panties."

Helen steps out of her own knickers and then moves closer to Wendy and kneels down beside her.

"Open your legs slightly."

Wendy places her feet about a foot apart.

"Now slowly peel off those panties."

Helen places her hands either side of Wendy's bush and slowly starts to drag her knickers down over her thighs until they are around her ankles.

Thomas is moving in and out snapping off dozens of shots as they fall to the floor.

"Right, now back on the bed."

Wendy complies and lays down with her feet still on the floor.

"Now put your arms above your head and open your legs, wide!"

All pretence of any modesty is totally abandoned as Wendy poses like a wanton slut.

I've been standing for a while now staring at my wife in various positions but this is something else.

She is so totally open and available, I can't help myself and undress and start to stroke my cock.

Wendy has started to slowly rub her clit using two fingers.

"Darling I think you should help her out with that."

Helen kneels between Wendy's legs and starts to lick around her pussy.

Wendy removes her fingers from between her legs and returns both arms above her head and sighs.

"That's it, lie back and enjoy."

"Tell me, is that nice? Do you like that?"

"Yes, sooooo nice."

"Would you like a cock to suck?"

"Yes."

"Would you like to be fucked?"

"Yes."

Without her tongue leaving my wife's clit, Helen is fiddling around with a big black dildo.

She lifts her head momentarily causing my wife to groan in disappointment and slowly starts to feed the silicone cock into Wendy's soaking wet pussy.

"Oh, god!" Wendy gasps.

Her groans become more guttural as Helen feeds the cock in inch by inch.

Thomas is documenting each moment as the cock gradually eases it's way in.

Helen resumes licking my wife's pussy and Wendy reaches down to take over the cock handling duties.

Gently at first then more forcefully she thrusts the cock in and out as Helen tongues her closer to orgasm.

"Tell me what you like." Thomas asks.

"This, this is so nice."

"Do you like being fucked like this?"

"Yes, Oh yes." "Oh, oh, fuck!"

She is forcing the dildo practically all the way in as she shudders to a climax.

Helen is licking around her swollen pussy lips as Wendy withdraws the dildo.

She pulls it completely out and dangles it above her open mouth.

She rips off the blindfold.

Helen is slowly tonguing my wife as Wendy lowers the sticky cock to her mouth and starts to lick the cum covered cock.

Thomas instructs me to get on the bed and lie down.

Helen switches her attention to me and kneels over my legs and gently sucks my cock into her mouth. She slowly slides her mouth down the entire length and then back to the tip.

"Wendy, why don't you join my good lady in pleasuring your husband?"

Wendy shuffles over beside Helen and they take it in turns to swallow my cock.

The best feeling though is when they are both licking and kissing my cock from the base to the tip and back again. It's incredible.

"Now my dear, please get up and straddle your husband and lower yourself down onto him."

Wendy does as she is told and slowly impales herself on my cock and starts to rock back and forth.

I can feel Helen's tongue is still licking my cock and balls as Wendy gently rides my cock.

"Do you like fucking this way?" Thomas asks Wendy.

"Yes."

"Would you like another cock?"

Wendy hesitates.

"Do you want another cock to fuck you!"

"Yes, yes, fuck me."

I can feel Helen's tongue leave my cock.

"Oh, oh my god, yes, yes, fuck my arse."

I assume Helen's tongue is being put to good use fucking my wife's arse.

Thomas is still clicking away and I can see he has totally stripped off and is sporting a long skinny erection.

I'm trying not to meet my wife's downward thrust with an upward thrust of mine but it is proving difficult.

I'm gritting my teeth and trying to concentrate on anything else apart from this but Wendy is making it difficult with her panting and groaning.

"Do you like having your ass fucked?"

"Oh yes, fuck me, harder, fuck me harder."

She's really slamming herself down onto my cock when I feel some shuffling going on and look over to where Thomas was only to see Helen holding the camera.

Wendy slows the pace of her bouncing as Thomas guides his cock into her waiting arsehole.

"Oh yes, put it in, fuck me there."

As she sinks back onto his cock she lets out a long deep guttural moan.

She has both hands on my chest and she's clenching and unclenching her fists.

She's stopped moving and is bracing herself as we gradually get into a steady rhythm as we fuck her arse and pussy.

"Oh yes, that's it, that's it, harder, deeper."

Thomas has hold of her hair and is pulling her head back as he sinks his cock deeper into my wife's arse.

My view from below is intoxicating as I'm looking up at my wife's face in the midst of intense pleasure, she seems to be smiling with her mouth open and constantly groaning with each thrust.

"Do you like being fucked by two cocks?"

She looks down at me as she says.

"Yes, I love it, I love it."

I can feel her pussy clenching around my cock.

"Do you want a cock to suck?'

She lifts up her head and opens her mouth.

"Yes, fuck my mouth."

Helen is holding the cock against my wife's lips and Wendy just dips her head forward and starts sucking frantically.

My wife starts to shake as the first wave of her orgasm hits.

She's moaning constantly and as I feel myself start to cum I thrust up as far as I can to empty my balls as her pussy clamps around my cock.

Thomas is still thrusting into her arse and her groans build up again and I can feel his cock against mine through the thin membrane and her arse and pussy are in spasm and the second wave hits her as he rams his cock as far as it will go and holds it there until he's emptied his balls.

We collapse in a heap and Wendy is lying on her back between us when Helen climbs on the bed and alternates licking each of us clean.

I have to ask her to stop as I'm too sensitive so I watch as she licks and sucks her husband and then laps around my wife's pussy.

Wendy turns her head to face me, pulls me towards her and kisses me passionately.

She sucks my tongue into her mouth.

Helen is concentrating on Wendy's pussy as she sees my wife building to another orgasm.

Wendy releases my tongue and turns toward Thomas who is edging higher up the bed so his cock is near my wife's mouth.

He's not fully hard but she draws him in with her tongue and sucks the tip of his cock gently.

Helen is licking and sucking Wendy's clit she's teasing her arse with the dildo, just easing the tip in gently.

Wendy meanwhile has hold of Thomas' cock and is gently feeding it into her willing mouth.

Wendy starts to buck against the cock in her arse as she eases into another orgasm.

She's gently sucking the cock in her mouth as her orgasm subsides and Thomas grunts as he shoots another load into my wife's mouth.

Wendy eases the cock out of her mouth and turns her head to the side leaving Thomas' cock resting on her cheek as the last gobs of cum drip onto her face.



4