Strippped Naked at Friend’s BBQ
by Nicewife344

Dress destroyed leads to outdoor nude dancing.

I haven't posted anything in years, so as I turned 40 last year and things aren't as fun or daring with friends anymore, I thought i'd share a story of something that happened about 7 years ago! It's probably better to fill in the background first.

My husband Steve and I had been invited to a 1970's themed party 12 - 6pm from one of his business clients, who lived a town away from us, it was to celebrate their son Joshua's 10th birthday. I've never really cared much for the family and aren't particularly fond of Joshua, as he's a troublesome kid, totally spoilt and without any discipline.The only saving grace that day was that our preferred friends were having a BBQ that day starting at 4! Steve had already made excuses to leave earlier as said we had a prior arrangement.

As the day of the party became close, Steve and I booked some party costumes from a company we'd used many times before that did business from their home, they had a shipping container outback crammed with items. We had meant to pick up our costumes but kept putting it off as something or other came up, finally we had run out of time as it was now the day before, so we went out in heavy rain to pick them up.

We turned up at 7.30pm and couldn't park nearby, so had to run through the heavy rain. As it was summer I was wearing a white thin t shirt type dress on which got soaked, making it really transparent. My bright red satin underwear clearly visible.

Dave the owner (in his 60's) answered the door and let us in, he recognized us straight away and walked us through his house to the garden, as we passed through we could smell and see his wife Christine cooking, as they were about to eat soon. I didn't want to disturb her as in the past I'd had a run in over a costume and there was no love lost between us.

After we'd entered the container, Dave gave me a big naughty grin as he noticed the wet fabric now clinging to my breasts (36C) and below revealing my legs and red panties! There wasn't much I could do but grin and bear it! In hindsight an umbrella and shorts & T shirt would have been a better choice that day. It got decidedly worse as Dave kindly offered me a towel, I politely refused, saying it was just rain water, He found our costumes and whilst we were looking at them on the rack his wife Christine suddenly appeared with a towel.

"Oh no you got absolutely soaked, give me that dress and I'll put it in the dryer for you" she then handed me a hand towel.

"That's very sweet of you but..." I replied.

She cut me off mid sentence and quite sternly said :-

"but nothing, you're drenched and dripping water on the floor, can you take it off please?"

"What, both of us?" I enquired.

"No, he's ok" she replied.

i was kind of lost for words but managed to utter.

"Where shall I take it off" assuming she meant in private.

"Er..here dear, I don't want water getting on any of the costumes."

I looked at her in disbelief.

"What right here?" I confirmed quite bemused.

"Yes, princess take it off" she confirmed back "you're getting the floor wet."

I glared at Steve expecting his support, to hear him say sarcastically.

"Caity, stop antagonizing her and just take it off before we get thrown out of here."

I took a deep breath still shocked and said.

"Ok, fine you win" and threw the towel at Steve to hold.

With two hands I pulled the wet dress up over my body, I remember the material sticking to me a little then revealing my red underpants and matching bra, I rolled it into a kind of ball and handed it to her.

"What a bitch" I thought.

She gave me the most shit eating satisfied grin and said it would take about 30 mins, I grabbed the towel from Steve and wiped down my legs, back & stomach, she stood and watched and to my astonishment took the towel from me purposely leaving me with nothing to cover myself up with. She then disappeared with my dress.

Dave piped up (after she'd left) that she was a bit pedantic about the condition of their costumes, as customers didn't look after things they'd hired and had often returned things stained, split or damaged.

This now lead to a confession from Dave that the strapless knee length multi colored paneled crochet dress that I had carefully picked and ordered had in fact been torn about four inches vertically at the hip as he'd only noticed earlier on.

I was really disappointed but tried it on anyway as was still in my undies. He got on his knees and examined the split once i'd got it on, he said it wasn't possible to hire it out now and suggested something else, I took it off and tried on some 70's disco stuff and a few others but nothing I wanted, by now I was so used to Dave seeing me in my underwear it was kind of fun, Steve went behind the curtain to try his stuff on while I just stood around in undies.

I looked at my watch and at least 45 minutes had passed since i'd given my dress to Christine, she was certainly in no hurry to return it.

I was now in a dilemma about what to wear for the party? Maybe I could buy the dress and patch it up, wear it as just a one off and then unravel it and knit a scarf? So I offered to buy it, of course Christine had to have the final say! An hour had now passed when she finally appeared (still without my dress) i tried it on again and took it off at her request, standing in my undies we had a five minute discussion and finally agreed on twenty pounds ($25) then we went back in the house to await the final cycle of my dress! She took it out of the dryer and said rather unconvincingly.

"Sorry that took so long."

I faked a smile and put it back on, it still felt a little damp but i said nothing! We left and I thanked Steve sarcastically for his support, he just laughed and said.

"Ha ha you pissed her off before, so she made you strip."

There was no point being angry or upset about it, so I conceded and said.

"Yeah, she got me back."

The day of the party came and I had patched up the dress to the best of my ability, I noticed though the threads from the hemline kept coming loose, so i snipped them off, Steve had his flares, purple nylon shirt on and 70's footwear, I slipped my dress and kinky boots on, I'd opted for a 70's looking green mesh strapless bra and some full cut white panties with large purple, red & pink polka dots and pink waistband and matching leg edges (from the retro store) to complete the 70's feel.

When we arrived at the party, we were ushered straight to a large garden. Josh was already having a tantrum as he couldn't use the paint ball gun an irresponsible relative had given him! He gave me a scowl and walked off.

The party was pretty dull as expected as was full of families with screaming kids and disinterested parents, I decided to knock back a few drinks to make it bearable, As time went on i ended up sitting in an old lounger chair talking about house prices or something, as i got up to get another drink, I'd managed to snag my dress on an old spring in the chair and as I walked away the thread had caught and was unravelling the bottom of dress, surprisingly at first no one seemed to notice, but someone did! Josh!

As I stood at a table of food talking, Josh maybe out of curiosity had started to pull on the wool, as I had my back to him i was oblivious, he must've figured out the dress would get shorter the more he pulled, so he did!

As he was standing a few feet behind me no one saw at first, it was only when I happened to look down that I noticed that my knees were visible and the bottom material of my dress was moving, I span round to see Josh menacingly there with my dress thread in hand!

"Stop that now" I hissed at him.

"No" he snapped.

With that he started to wind it even faster.

"That's really naughty, stop doing that" I snarled loudly.

I was hoping to get some support from the adults! A few people kind of looked over but nobody really wanted to get involved! One man even laughed and said.

"The birthday boy is having fun."

I looked in vain on the table for something to cut the thread with, but could only find a cork screw, that took a few attempts before it eventually cut through it, my dress was a few inches shorter. The most annoying thing was that no one seemed to care.

I had a few "what happened?" but no one took it seriously, even Josh's mum apologized on his behalf with a big smile. I didn't really fancy being there after that, so as it was about 3 o'clock we decided that we wanted to make a move but had to wait for the birthday cake.

When I told Steve about my dress and Josh, he just said he's a horrible kid and left it like that! We finally left the party after four and headed for Emma & John's BBQ.

Steve hadn't drunk much so went via our house to change into his knee length shorts and t shirt, I wanted to change too but he was insistent that i kept the crochet dress on as I was going to get rid of it anyway and the others would find it funny especially the Josh part.

When we arrived there were more people than we'd expected! John's friends from work Michael (an Aussie) and Barry both in their 20's, our close friends Lisa and Ian and Charlotte & Eric from France, together with Emma's brother Mark, plus their old neighbors Angela & Richard. The men had congregated into one group near the bbq, leaving the women sitting around a big table.

Everyone had already had a few drinks so it was already quite loud, the atmosphere was totally different to the last party! I poured myself a glass of wine and made a beeline for the ladies.

"Wow, retro" quipped Lisa "where did you get that?"

I didn't want to go into too much detail especially about Christine and all that hassle as I figured that Steve would probably open his mouth sooner or later about that anyway.

Emma noticed the frayed edges of my dress and asked what had happened?

"In a word, Josh" I responded.

I went on to explain what had transpired an hour or so beforehand to fits of giggles where all the "ladies" thought it was funny i.e Emma's response was.

"I shouldn't laugh but that's so funny etc, like something out of Benny Hill."

I remember telling them that it wasn't too bad, as I planned to unravel the dress and knit a scarf or something?

I think it was then that Emma & Lisa came up with the idea for their prank. We were all in our thirties but we'd often prank each other, sometimes small things but other times something embarrassing like skirt lifting or pantsing especially in public, few things were off limits as it was normally just harmless fun.

As I got up to say hello to the men, I noticed Emma & Lisa talking quite intensely and laughing. Upon my return everything seemed normal and we carried on drinking, it was a lovely summer's day, Emma was on great form and everyone was having fun, it was about 5.30 when the subject of my dress came up again. Emma was intrigued by the thought of it actually unravelling and asked me if it had really unravelled like in those silly movies.

I foolishly said "yes it had"

She announced that she'd need to test it throughly as she wasn't convinced.

"No way" I said sternly.

"c'mon just a little bit, you're going to unravel it and use it for something else anyway as it's already ruined" Emma pleaded.

"No way Emma, forget it" I replied.

Then she got mean and said.

"You still owe me for that prank, I still haven't forgiven you for that."

I knew the one she was talking about, I had probably gone too far with that one.

"Oh it"s like that is it" I confirmed.

Emma stared at me nodding, so I burst out.

"Ok fine you can take a bit off, but nothing major ok?"

"Ok" she replied "you can trust me, but aren't you curious to know if the whole dress will come apart?"

"Well, not at this moment in time" I replied.

I stood up and away from the table and handed her a loose thread, she immediately yanked on it and the dress started to come apart and shorten, she kept winding and pulling, winding and pulling, I told her to stop but she continued until the dress was at the top of my thighs! She now had a large handful of wool which she reluctantly cut off with a bread knife.

I was now a little inebriated, so I decided to stay away from her for a bit, I went over to talk to Ian, a few minutes passed and we were all laughing about something when Emma suddenly appeared from behind me and pulled on the loose thread on my dress, I knew that she'd wouldn't leave it so I tried to walk away, but I couldn't as she'd carefully snuck down behind me and wrapped a lot of the old pulled wool tightly around my boots! She then quickly wrapped the rest tightly around my knees so I couldn't escape.

She whispered in my ear "I'm sorry, but I have to keep pulling it, I have to know."

"No Ems no" I kind of pleaded, but this was in vain!

"Don't be so boring, besides this barbecue needs livening up a bit."

Emma pulled it double time, exposing more and more of my thighs.

I knew my "big retro panties" would soon be visible to everyone and pleaded with her quite loudly to stop! Everyone kind of stopped their conversations and either came much nearer for a better look or looked over.

"For fuck sake Emma, everyone's watching" I snapped.

"Good" replied Emma coldly.

Emma stopped just short of the bottom of my underpants, everyone quietened down. She cheekily asked out loud

"Ok. what's the consensus of the people, shall I stop now or keep going? I'll leave it up to you."

Cleverly using everyone else to avoid direct blame.

"Stop now" I called out to everyone in a slightly serious desperate tone.

It went eerily quiet for about 10 seconds then suddenly words of encouragement started....but not for me.

"Nah, keep going" came a typical male reply.

"Yeah, don't stop Emma" said another male (which sounded suspiciously like Steve?)

"Go for it" more males as expected.

But surprisingly after the men stopped calling out, it happened.

"Just keep pulling" said a woman's voice.

"Make her pay" said another.

"Do it" another female called out.

This was followed up by a female chorus of "Emma, Emma, Emma" which stemmed into laughter.

"Holy shit" I thought.

The women are more enthusiastic than the men, and the ironic thing was I had only just met some of those people an hour or so earlier and they were all really pleasant, but now wanted me stripped for their entertainment.

"Where was the solidarity" I thought.

Emma cackled again and said "sorry hun, the people of the barbecue have spoken and it's unanimous they want me to continue."

I knew it was futile but I pleaded again.

"C'mon Em's it's me, we've been besties for twenty years."

Emma shook her head and quirked

"You must always give the people what they want."

She started pulling, I tried to hold the thread but Emma was too strong and determined, within about about a minute I could see that the bottom of my panties were showing, I put my whole hand over the front to cover them but I could feel that they were now exposed at the back, I yanked on the dress material still defiant not to show anything, but it was a losing battle! I put my other hand over my butt, I even tried grabbing the thread again to stop her but I couldn't get a good grip.

Everyone was either laughing or sniggering at me.

Emma was clearly loving it, I yelled to Steve but he all he said was

"You got yourself into this with that prank, you know you went too far and now it's payback time, no sympathy."

I took a deep breath and sighed

"Ok, you got me."

By then I had a big grin on my face.I was bright red and embarrassed but accepted it was a kind of payback prank.

Emma laughed and said "I know, now take your hands away everyone's enjoying this, especially me" and everybody was.

I thanked everyone sarcastically for their support and they laughed.

"c'mon move your hands, we all want to see those panties" Emma declared.

The weird thing was everybody found this fun, no one objected or looked the least uncomfortable, the fuckers were all having fun watching.

I figured that if no one cared why should I? I decided to give in and slowly let go of my grip.

As Emma pulled a male voice announced "ah white with polka dots, retro indeed."

I kept my arms at my sides. I'd given up.

"Cute dots" a woman called out.

"Thanks" I replied.

I was showing about half of my panties when Charlotte approached Emma and said "this looks fun, can I do?"

"Sure" said Emma and handed her the thread.

I stared at Charlotte and she smiled and said something like

"This is sexy, no? everyone can see."

I didn't want to sound angry or negative so I answered

"Yeah, I suppose so."

But after her saying that my feelings changed, being slowly stripped this way was pretty hot, I secretly enjoyed all the attention and I knew that this would really turn Steve on, as he gets off on my exhibitionism around others.

Charlotte kept going until all of my briefs were fully exposed.

"Michael then called out "I don't normally get excited by granny panties but they look great on you."

That made me blush a little.

As Charlotte finished she summoned Eric and he took over and then it was Lisa's turn followed by Angela. she pulled until my ribs were exposed.

When it came to the men's turn, they all seemed a bit sheepish and awkward about who was going to go first! Eventually Steve got involved and then John, Ian and the rest had a go leaving it just under my breasts with the bottom of my bra exposed. (Throughout all of it, I did notice that various camera phones had either snapped or videoed the event.)

It was left like that and Emma untied the thread from my legs on the proviso that I'd have to stay like that and not go in the house and hide or get a bath towel and wrap it round me, I agreed as being like that with everyone else fully dressed was too much to pass up.

When I sat with Barry and talked, he looked a little worried and so I asked him if he was ok, he said he wasn't sure, as he felt guilty about taking pics and reducing my dress and that it had gone too far.

I teased him and said it was really mean and everyone should be ashamed. He sort of panicked, apologized and offered me his shirt to cover up! I laughed and said it was fine, just harmless fun and not to worry, as I wasn't bothered being in my undies as iI normally wear nothing at the beach! I asked him if he enjoyed stripping me and seeing my underwear?

He said "yes."

As we finished talking I could hear what sounded like Emma's parents talking loudly in the distance, they suddenly appeared and were walking down the garden towards us!

I called out to Emma.

"Your fucking parents are here! What the fuck!"

"Just in time, I didn't want them to miss this" Emma replied.

"You told them about this" I said naively.

" Yeah, I sent my mum a text and a pic, you know how close we are" she responded.

Emma's mum Kim is a proper Aussie, her dad Alec is British, Emma moved to the UK when she was 12.

Kim greeted Emma & John and then came straight up to me, so I stood up. They were both fairly drunk and merry from a boozy lunch.

"Fucking hell love, what happened to your clothes?" she enquired with a huge grin.

"Your daughter thought that it would be funny to pull my dress to pieces and everyone else joined in" I answered.

"Bloody ripper, sounds like you guys had fun...... at Caity's expense" and laughed, she went on :-

"You could have waited from us though"

"There's still a bit left if you want a go" Emma advised.

"Emma" I said sharply.

"Oh, I was saving that last part for them" she replied.

"No" I snapped.

"Why not, you've got a bra on under there" Emma concluded.

"Yes, but it's a really see through one" I explained.

"I definitely want to see that then" Alex joked.

"C'mon Caity, we did agree the whole dress could come off" added Emma. Plus it's not like they haven't ever seen your boobs before" (They had at their house when we'd been caught in our early 20's in just our panties, sunbathing in the garden, which I've never really lived down.)

I looked at Emma and said "thanks for the reminder."

"Oh go on, don't be a spoil sport" went Emma.

"No, I can't" I replied shaking my head.

Emma looked disappointed and snapped "ok, we'll call it even over that prank you pulled."

"Seriously" I confirmed.

"Yes" Emma concluded reluctantly.

I thought it over for a minute.

"In that case, pull away" I said relieved.

I was pretty drunk at this point.

Alec went first and did it really slowly to savor the moment, he was egged on with chants of "Alec, Alec, Alec" he kept going until he saw my nipples (your bestie's dad looking at your breasts is not something I'd encourage) Kim was in hysterics when it came to her turn, she was quick and thorough, the dress ended in her hands, she just discarded it as if was nothing, as the thread fell to the grass, my tits were on display to all through the green mesh fabric, that fucking dress had caused me nothing but hassle & exposure was it cursed?

Everyone had a good look.

"This barbie's fucking awesome" quipped Michael.

Emma loosened the thread from around my legs and ankles and freed me, I could have quickly run into the house and found something to cover myself up in, but I didn't! being exposed to all felt sexy! Emma, Lisa, John, Ian,Steve & me had often played strip games in the past so this was no biggie, the only difference now was that everybody except me was dressed.

I walked back to the table cool as a cucumber, poured myself a glass of white wine and sat down. Steve came over and took off his shirt to cover me up, I looked at Emma before excepting it.

"Go ahead, wimp out and put it on" she said jokingly "spoil everyone's fun."

"Fine" I replied "I'll stay like this."

Steve replied "Suit yourself" and sat back down.

About an hour passed and after I'd spoken to a few people, Alec & Kim decided to go home, I stood up to say goodbye, Alec stared at my tits the whole time we spoke, Kim thought it fun to take some pics with Alec's phone! She confirmed that there were no hard feelings about her & Alec exposing me and I told her it was fine! I try not to think about Alec looking at the pics! I have asked him on different occasions if he still had them and to delete them.

He always replies "when hell freezes over."

After they'd left it was time for some dancing, the table was moved to one side to create some floor space leaving an array of chairs in an oval shape. Emma, Lisa, Charlotte and me strutted our stuff to an Iphone of dance tunes while the boys watched beers in hand.

For some reason the dancing turned very flirtatious between the girls, which got the guys full attention. We danced with our bodies close together seductively. I felt Charlotte behind me rub my outer thighs up & down with her fingertips and then put her hands on my hips! I'm not a lesbian (99.9% heterosexual these days) but it felt so good, I still don't understand why we started acting this way?

We wiggled our asses and gyrated our hips to some hip hop, Ian changed the music to some erotic South East Asian sounding stripping music as a joke, but we all played along, the others gradually feeling their bodies through their clothes, I squeezed my tits together in my bra and touched my now erect nipples.

Steve called me over with an index finger gesture, opened his wallet and stuck a twenty in the front of my panties, so I gave him an impromptu lap dance, I felt his hard cock poking up.

Michael followed suit and pulled out a twenty, and motioned me to do the same for him, but I shook my head and said only my husband gets one. He said "fair enough" but still put the twenty in my panties! Ian Tom & Barry did the same and Ian spotted John a twenty as his wallet was in the house!

I carried on dancing and shaking my ass as best I could, but felt like a stripper on amateur night at a seedy bar. As I danced away Michael enquired what they'd get for their money if they couldn't get a lap dance?

I foolishly asked what they wanted, this led to a whispering discussion between them until Ian piped up.

"We want to see everything."

I whispered to Emma "they want to see everything, what shall I do?"

Emma giggled and said "do it, dare ya."

I replied to Emma " I will if you will."

"No" she said "they've only paid to see you."

So I thought "fuck it, you only live once right."

I walked over to Steve, took the cash out of my panties and put it in his shirt pocket for safe keeping.

I knew they were expecting sexy so i put my game face on, I asked Ian to play that "Rocking over the beat" dance song, as it began I sunk my body so my ass stuck out and wiggled it, then put my thumbs into the sides of my panties pulling them down to almost my pussy hair then back up a few times teasingly, then dropped to my haunches and opened my legs possibly exposing a small wet spot that had been forming since we had started the erotic dancing.

The boys were seemingly captivated as I danced in the centre of the girls.

I tried to make as sexy as I could so squeezed my boobs through the bra, I could feel my hard nipples peeping through, I then rubbed my middle finger over my panties feeling my now sticky clit through the material, the guys were a little opened mouthed watching someone's wife do this, I turned and pulled down the back of my panties flashing my cheeks.

I did this and touched my breasts throughout most of the song, my adrenaline surged at the thought of stripping in front of people I'd only met a few hours before! I whispered to Charlotte to unclasp my bra and she did it without hesitation as I felt it loosen, I pulled it off me to a cheer from everybody! I jiggled my tits as the bra fell to the ground.

As for the panties, I took them off in stages, a little more up & down as before but gradually more daring as I got them down mid thigh, the guys let out "whoa's" as my neatly trimmed snatch was now on display, my pubic free tender lips now available for prying eyes.

Slipping them down to my knees I felt a rush, as I let them fall to the ground and stepped out of them. I picked them up and flicked them in Steve's direction but Michael leant forward and caught them, he held them up high in a victory gloat and then drew them to his face to sniff of my cunt juice! He then placed them on the side of his chair.

I could tell that Steve was a little gobsmacked but went with it, Michael was having the time of his life! There was no jealousy or awkwardness between them.

Now naked accept for my boots I carried on dancing, Charlotte's fingertips still touching me up, as the song ended I told the girls how sexy and liberating it now felt to be nude in the hope that they'd join me, but there were no takers.

"Looks like it's only you today hun" Emma said smiling.

I danced the next song solo as the girls hadn't gotten tired, afterwards I sat on a cold aluminum chair with my now bare ass.

As I sat I wondered how long I'd be naked for, I needed to pee but it was only 9pm and still light, so I carefully walked back to the house crouching low and covering myself hoping that the neighbors weren't watching, When I came out of the toilet Emma was standing outside, she looked me up & down and said

"I think everyone's seen enough, go back and I'll bring you something to cover up with"

I thanked her and went outside to put my undies back on, but when I got back there they had disappeared! looked for them everywhere and asked around but got nothing but giggles!

Luckily Emma was coming soon with a cover up or so I thought?

When she finally returned, I noticed that there was nothing in her hands for me.

"Ems, hun I can't help but notice that you're empty handed" I said sheepishly.

"so" she replied coyly.

"I thought that you were going to get me something to cover up with? As now I can't even find my underwear" I kind of said in a low voice.

"I'm so sorry" said Emma "But I don't recall the conversation that way, I'm sure you said that you were fine as you were, besides you took it all off so you can stay like that."

I looked at Emma and joked "You're a meanie."

"I know and there's nothing you can do about it" she cackled in a mock evil voice.

As Emma was sitting next to

Sure, I could have just asked Steve for his shirt but it was fun playing this silly role play with Emma! She was in kind of a dominating position which was a bit of a turn on if I'm honest.

At least I had the stripping money or so I thought? I didn't really want the money but as everyone had seen me naked I figured I'd earned it. When I asked Steve where it was he said.

"Oh did you really want to keep that? We all thought it better to give it to Emma for the bbq, besides you didn't want to be paid to strip do you?"

"I suppose you're right" I conceded.

"Besides" Steve continued "stripping for free is much sexier."

Now naked I decided to slow my drinking down and drank only soft drinks, as that would result in fewer trips to the toilet and less chance of the neighbor's seeing me! So I started to sober up, but the more sober I got the more aware I felt of my nudity among the others. Everyone seemed nicer to me now and remarked how daring I was, I was curious why the other women wanted to pull on my dress and got the same response "it was a little mean what we did but kind of fun as I seemed ok with it"

As I approached Steve I told him that it was "required" by Emma that I stay naked, I lied and said

"unless you preferred that I cover up."

He said "good try Caity but I think Emma is right on this one."

Emma then sat down next to me then quick as a flash pulled my knees wide apart and rested them on the arms of the chair holding them open, exposing everything to Michael & Eric for a few seconds.

I quickly got up after that.

As I stood and talked I noticed a few of them would take a sneaky pic of me with their phones, I wanted to get mad but all I could muster was

"Please don't post that on the internet."

This lead to Emma lining everyone up for a pic, I tried to hide behind them, but got whisked front and centre with my arms lightly held so I couldn't cover up. Emma clicked away and even took pics with other peoples phones for them.

When I asked Emma why she need to do that she replied

"Insurance."

"Insurance for what?" I said bemused.

"Insurance, if you ever pull a prank on me like that again, this picture gets posted to those only one nude websites and directly to your boss and male colleagues understood?

"Understood" I replied and went on "I swear I'll never do anything like that again."

I accepted that I would be the only one showing my body that day and there was nothing I could do to change that, by 11pm I was more or less sober and still nude! It felt so liberating! We finally had enough of being outdoors and came inside about 11.30. I felt quite weird sitting on Emma's sofa nude so she got me something to wear! in true Emma style she provided a see through white thong and white camisole, I don't normally wear thongs but I put it on with the camisole.

I sat and wondered how the day had progressed from a boring 1970's party to sitting in a see thru thong, my luck I suppose! We played a few charades games and I suggested a strip forfeit version but no one wanted to do that as they didn't want to steal my limelight!

An hour passed and we decided to make a move home, Charlotte was quite sober by now so her & Eric offered us a lift home, when I said my goodbyes John & Ian both squeezed my ass as we hugged and Emma couldn't resist pulling the string up my bottom to wedgie me! Barry was still a bit unsure as to what to make of me and was still concerned that things had gone a little too far! It was sweet of him but I reassured him by saying

"Don't worry about it, our evenings often get crazy and I sometimes end up naked, the main thing is you had a good time."

He just smiled and kissed me on the cheek.

In the past we'd all been naked together in our hot tub, at mixed spa's and strip games (that I'd usually lost and ended up doing nude forfeits after everyone else had gotten dressed) Plus someone in our main group always buys me sexy lingerie for my birthday every year which I'm always coaxed into modeling for them.

The mystery of the panties disappearance came to light when Michael's new wife found them after they had moved in together in Melbourne! After some explaining and pics his wife saw the funny side and to his surprise even let him keep them! I'm not sure how true this is as this story came from John? My bra and the remnants of my dress were returned by mail a few days later.

Anyway, Charlotte drove us back with Steve in the front giving directions, Eric sat in the back with the light on pretending to look for his phone, when he found it he left the light on but stared at my body for the entire journey as I was only still in cami & thong, so I just smiled back.

When we arrived I thanked them for a fun evening and as I was about to get out Charlotte leaned over the seat and kissed me on both cheeks and said in an alluring French accent

"Today was so fun, I'm sorry about your dress but you know that we had to do it! I loved that you were ok about it and everything, that's really sexy, I hope to see you again."

I replied that I didn't normally get naked in front of strangers at parties, but today was the exception.I got out of the car and said goodbye to Eric who was looking at my ass grinning.

When we got inside I immediately took off the thong and the camisole

Steve smiled and said "You spent most of the bbq like that."

"I Know, I can't believe that you let them strip me" I replied.

"Yeah, that Emma is a real minx isn't she? It was good that everyone joined in though otherwise it could have been really awkward, did it turn you on?" Said Steve.

"What do you think?" I said with a smile. I went on "but don't you think it was strange that no one objected or tried to stop it though."

Steve laughed and concluded "well that's typical of your luck isn't it."

"I suppose so" I replied "why I am I always the one this happens to?"

We had a shower and a great fuck thinking about how the day had gone and how many new people had seen me naked, I still think about that day fondly and sometimes have a little play down there, thinking about it when I'm alone.

I still have a few thoughts about that day.

Did I go too far?

Was it mean of them to strip me in the first place? or just harmless fun?

Was it unfair?

What do you think?
