Gutt & Snider's 100% Off Sale
by JP_1814

When I returned home from my first year of college, my mother decided to take me to Gutt & Snider, a large department store, in the local mall. It was their summer sale she said, I could get so many cute things for the summer she said. Little did I know what would happen once I got there.

The store was packed, as it always is during the summer sale. My mom and I fought the crowds until we were able to get to the women's department.

“Look at these cute dresses!” my mom exclaimed, “you would look so wonderful in the blue one.” She said as she held the blue dress up to me.

“Let's see if we can find a changing room,” I suggested.

“They all look so full, just try it on here,” she proposed.

“Mom!” I yelled. Smack! For the first time in years my mother spanked my bottom.

“Lisa Ann, we don’t have time to wait in those lines. You will try that dress on here or I will give you another whack across your bottom!”

Meekly I did as I was told. I picked the wrong day to wear my matching, white, lacy, bra and panties. I moved quickly, I don’t think too many people saw them through.

“Too small, I can see your bra (not like everyone didn’t just see my bra. Give it back,” my mom said as she pulled the dress over my head, leaving me in nothing but my underwear. “Here are some nice blouses,” she started moving to another rack of clothing. I tried to follow her and cover up at the same time. “Try this one on,” she thrust a red, frilly, blouse at me.

I quickly put it on, hoping for some cover. It was almost offensively low cut. You could see almost everything but my nipples. It also did not go down very far. My panties were plainly visible to everyone.

“Hm… I don’t like it. Take it off,” my mom said as she took off my blouse. “Oh, bikinis!” she proclaimed as she lead me to another rack of clothing. The bikinis were put in the front of the women's department; I was not liking where this was going.

“I love the yellow and pink one,” she said. “It would look so good on you. Try it on.”

“Mom!” I protested.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

“I will spank your naughty butt in front of everyone if you don’t try on that bikini,” she ordered. Reluctantly I took off the last of my clothes. My large breasts dropped slightly. I tried to get dressed quickly but the bikini had the craziest knotting system. It took me a good few minutes of standing in the middle of Gutt & Snider’s naked before I figured out how to put it on.

“Hm… Do a spin.” My mom said.

“Mom!” I protested again.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

“Fine, fine, I’ll do a spin.” I spun around in a little circle.

“Too small. Take it off.” I did as I was told, even if I had to stand in the middle of the store naked. “Let’s go…” my mother started to say before a sales woman cut her off.

“Are either of you ladies interested in one of our professionals doing your makeup?” The woman asked.

“Why, we would both like it done,” said my mom.

“Great, why don’t you two follow me,” the woman said in that retail cheery voice. The sales woman walked me in front of everyone. I tried my best to preserve what little modesty I had left, but every time I moved my hands to cover something up I exposed something else. Eventually we reached the front of the store that looked out on to the whole mall. They were doing the make up on a raised platform behind a glass window for all to see.

“Have a seat, someone will be with you shortly.”

“Mom,” I whispered, “can we leave, this is humiliating.”

“Shh! If you don’t shut up about this I will spank you here in front of the whole mall,” she shot back.

Two makeup artists stepped up onto the platform, mine introduced herself as Jill.

“You will love this sparkley Starlight Purple by JP of New York. It looks great on hispanic, skin tones, like yours,” she said seemingly unaware of my nakedness. “Starlight Purple makeup is also great because it can be used in multiple ways.” Jill started applying some of the purple makeup to my exposed breasts. “This just helps add the extra ‘wow’ factor to large breasted women, like yourself.”

Not only are my tits plainly on display, but anyone who missed them would have to see the reflection form the sparkles.

“Thank you Jill, lets go mom,” I said.

“Lisa Ann! You seem to be doing everything in your power to make this day so miserable. I am sick and tired of it,” my mom pulled me out of the chair and threw me back down, ass side up. “Jill, please hold my daughter down. I would also like to try a hair brush.” Jill and the other makeup artist did as they were told.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

“You are such a spoiled brat you know.”

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

“I don’t know why I still do this with you.” A small audience formed just outside the window, watching my mother spank my butt red.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

The second artist returned holding a black hair brush. My mom took it from her hand and started back at my bottom. I saw several girls I recognized from high school with their phones out, recording my embarrassment.

Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! 

“I am sorry mom!” I shouted, hoping that would end the humiliating spanking.

Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! 

“Not yet your aren't.”

Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! 

“That looks like enough. If you want to go so badly let’s just go.” My mom started dragging me back to the parking lot by my ear. I was hunched over and could not cover up. I don’t know whether it was the scene of a 19 year old girl being dragged around by the ear or the Starlight Purple makeup but everyone seemed to be staring at me. I could not be more relieved when we finally got in the car, away from those people.

“Today was a fail,” my mom said angrily, “we are just going to have to send you back to College with only your birthday suit.”
