This is story of my third experience. I hope you like it.

This incident took place when my family shifted to Noida. In Noida, being away from all my friends I was getting hell bored. But I had relatives staying in Delhi, so my mother suggested to go and stay with them. There were my uncle, i.e. my mausa ji, mausiji, and their children- Shubham and Vidhi. Shubham was 19, and had just completed his Schooling and was looking for college. Vidhi was 15 and was in class 9th. 
It was weekend when I went over there. My mom took me to them, and introduced me. I met them when I was a kid, so didn't remember much of my previous meet however, the faces were familiar. However, I did remember playing with Shubham in my childhood days, but that was quite blurry and now he was totally different from what I remembered of him. He was muscular, taller, and quite attractive. But then he was not the only one to get such improvements, and when he saw me there, he was totally in shock, and could not speak a word for minutes after which he just kind of whispered "Hi...aah". I replied Hi.  
On that day, I was at new place, and with people I was not familiar with, as off course it was a long time after which I was meeting them and Mixing up with new people is not really my area of expertise. My mom were talking to my mausaji and mausiji, and they were talking to me occasionally, sometimes asking about my views on some things, and sometimes just passing jokes. Shubham went to his room, soon after we met, which I think was because he got shy. Vidhi was quite notorious and was sitting with me, asking me personal questions like about weather I am in relationship, and if I have ever been in one. I was just dodging her questions with humour mostly and we were having a lot of fun. Since my home was not yet shifted and I was getting bore at home, My mom suggested that I stay with my Mausi ji and her family for some time. I agreed to that, since Vidhi was a good company anyway, mausaji and mausiji were also good in nature, and then, it didn't make any big difference anyway. 
I stayed back there. Initially, I was just talking to Vidhi and mausiji, but then shubham came and joined conversation. He started to give his input of everything we were talking about. We passed some jokes, teased each other at times, and soon started talking to each other casually. That day ended with me sleeping along with Vidhi in her room, and everybody else in their rooms as usual. 
On the next day, we planned to go to roaming. So I along with Mausi Ji, Vidhi and Shubham went to G.I.P mall and there, we did some shopping, some eating and a lot of talking. Soon we came back, and watched TV. Similarly, 2 more days passed away. I got quite frank with everybody.                                 But then, Schools started. I didn't take admission so there were no classes for me yet, and and Shubham completed his high school and there was a lot of time left for his college to start. Both mausa Ji worked at Some IT-Solution company and Mausi Ji was teacher at same school of Vidhi.

That day, Everybody went to work or school except for me and Shubham. We alone were left at home.  I was watching Television while he was simply sleeping in his bed room. After about an hour, I got really bored and decided to go to him. I went at his door and was to knock on his room while I heard the sound of a girl shouting as if someone was fucking her. I tried to peek inside his room but the door was locked from inside. I knocked on the door, and I got a reply "Wait a minute". The noise stopped then after about a minute, he opened the door. After opening the door he went and lied on bed and asked me to come in. I went there and sat next to him on his bed. He asked what is it, I told him that I was getting bored. I asked him what he was doing, and he said that he was watching some movie on his laptop. I understood what kind of movie it was, as his erected penis already caught my eyes when I was entering the room. Even within pants its erection was huge. 
I asked him to play it and we can watch it together, but he said that it's over already and a boring movie. I knew why he was avoiding so I didn't force him. Then I asked him what were his plans for the day and he said that they were just to sit in the room, watch some movies and sleep. I told him that I was getting bore and we should do something. I asked him to start some movie. He agreed to that, and since he already closed whatever he was playing earlier, there was no hesitation in playing something else on lappy so he started the lappy and played some movie. We were both watching it lying there, but the movie was kind of boring. I was feeling sleepy hence I slept there itself lying on his bed.
I was wearing loose pajamas and top, while he was wearing pajama as well as T-Shirt. After a while, I was asleep when I felt something being rubbed on my hips. I couldn't figure it out but I woke up. However I didn't react, and acted like I was still sleeping, as I was curious about what was coming next. Then I felt his breath near my face and I figured he was lying behind me. It was his hard penis which was rubbing my back and he kept his dick there touching my ass, for a while. After some time, I was already wet and moaned lightly "aaah".
He was probably motivated by that sound and he placed one of his hand on my right boob. He placed it so gently that I didn't even know before it was already there. On that I couldn't help but moaned. Then He squeezed it and I cried out of pain of enjoyment. He noticed that I was awake and got hell scared. He said " I am sorry that I woke you up but I was just trying to find something I have lost" It was offcourse a crappy reason. I said "Its ok don't worry !!! but what is it that I am feeling on my back?" Actually he forgot that his penis was still touching my ass. He realized it then and got more scared and said "sorry, its just that such a hot and beautiful girl is lying in my room , I lost my control". I was already wet so I wanted to play with him too. I told him, that he can satisfy him self, but let me sleep.
He got totally over turned on by that, and I acted like I slept again. His dick was getting harder. And then I moved my right leg (which was over my left) a bit in front which left my ass exposed for his dick to touch. Then his hand was again on my boobs and his body was totally now rubbing against my body from back side. He knew that it was a total welcome by me, so he moved his hand from my boob and he started entering his fingers inside my underwear from front. Soon, His finger was getting inside my pussy, and I was already moaning   """Aah aaah aaaammmmmhhmmm ammmmm". Then he slided down my pajama and his own as well, and then he took out his underwear and lifted my hand and placed it on his dick. Then he slided down my  underwear and started fingering me again. I couldn't control so I started squeezing his penis and loudly moaning. AAAh aaah aaaaaah.
Soon I was like jumping, my entire body was shaking. He noticed that and he lifted me and took me over himself. I was now over him. I was lying on his body and was facing towards roof while his dick was almost rubbing and proding my ass. Also, My pajamas and underwear were slided down on my feet and he was totally having nothing on his legs. However we both were in our tops. So he started to insert his dick in my ass hole and it pained. He did it anyway. Then he inserted his both hands in my top and started squeezing my both boobs. At the same time he started licking and kissing on my neck. He was like a total sex machine, as I could feel his dick inside my ass and at the same time I could also feel my boobs being squeezed and my neck being all wet and still being kissed. That went on for like 15 minutes after which he stopped, and then he put me on bed, and climbed over me. He twisted my body as if it was his own, and he was almost forcing it now. He made my lying on bed and facing towards roof towards him. He was now on me. He started kissing me passionately and his penis was rubbing hard against my pussy. After about 2 minutes of that, He placed his penis on my pussy and entered it within. Then he started fucking me and he was literally fucking like a machine. With no pause or slow down and just strokes one after another after another. There was no control or anything and I was enjoying it upto a high extent. Then about 20 minutes of fucking like that he cummed all inside me and I came at the same time.

Then we stopped, and slept for a while, and when it was almost time for somebody who might come, I went to my room and dressed up. Since then, whenever we get time, we had sex. The I will write about later as I don't want to skip the sequence as he was not my immediate next to have sex with. For that, wait for the next story. &#61514;
