Julie Shows Off
by Krazy_Organized_Chaos

Julie Shows Off Pt. 02

Julie gives the neighbor and handyman a show.

I was awoken by the sun shining through my blinds. I rolled out of bed, and stood at my closet trying to decide what to wear. I was glad that my job had 'remote Friday's' and that it meant I could be home. Normally I threw on leggings and a t-shirt, but given that there was maintenance coming later in the day, I needed something more revealing.

I skipped my normal morning shower, because if everything went as planned, I would need to shower later before my dinner with Brian. I selected a pair of lacy see through panties, a very form fitting see through tank top, and threw my see through silk robe on over it.

I grabbed my coffee and bagel and went to sit out on my balcony and begin going through email. The air was already cool and my nipples immediately perked up. I turned on my outdoor heater and got comfy.

My neighbor came out on his balcony next to mine, and sat down with his coffee and a newspaper. I saw him look over and immediately turn his gaze away.

"Hi!" I shouted as I waved, leaning forward so that my robe fell open.

"Uh, hey." He blurted out. It was apparent he was trying to maintain eye contact and not look elsewhere.

"Can't believe it's getting this cold already." I said to him, while pushing my chest forward to grab my coffee off the table, and letting the robe completely open.

"Yeah, it's pretty chilly this morning." He replied, it looked as if he was staring at my nose, I began to laugh. "No work for you today?"

No sooner did he finish the sentence, his gaze dropped to my chest. He stared at my chest for a good 30 seconds before darting his gaze back to my face.

"Luckily it's remote work Friday for me." I said while smiling. "I get to enjoy my coffee and be in comfy clothes."

"You do look comfy." He stated while looking me up and down again.

"Well, I guess I should get back to work." I stated, while stretching my arms above my head and grabbing my laptop.

He turned back to his paper, but I could still see him periodically glancing over. I continued to go through my emails with my right hand, and then began playing with my nipple with my left hand. I continued to by focused on my emails but could see my neighbor peering over his newspaper, and visibly adjusting himself as he sat staring at me.

He began to fold his paper up and looked like he was headed inside.

"Ugh, don't you just hate it when people don't do their jobs?" I stated while looking at him, "Now I have to call in and check on people."

"Yeah that's the worst." He stated with a chuckle, "At least you still get to be at home." He winked and walked back into his apartment, sliding his glass door closed. I could see him sit at his table, still within eyesight of me.

I got on my work phone call, and turned my body so I was facing his sliding glass doors. I continued to talk on the phone, and leaned back in my chair. I slid my hand over my breast and continued to play with my nipple. I wasn't sure if he could see me glance over, but I could still see my neighbor sitting, and staring at me through the glass.

I slid my hand down over my belly, before sliding it into my panties. My panties were still hidden from my robe, but to anyone paying enough attention, it was clear what I was doing.

I began stroking my clit, and then fingering myself as I became more moist. I finished my call just as I felt myself getting close to orgasm, threw my phone on the table, and brought my other hand to my nipple and began squeezing and twisting it.

I continued to rub my clit and finger myself until I came all over my hand, then brought my fingers out of my panties. I looked at them for a minute before licking them clean while looking at my neighbor, then gave him a little wave and a smile, and heard what sounded like stumbling come from his apartment. I giggled as I gathered my things up and headed inside.

I hurried and finished the last few bits of paperwork before the afternoon. I knew that maintenance was supposed to come anytime after 1pm. I began to think of how I could drive Brian crazy when he showed up. As it neared 1pm, I grabbed a light salad for lunch and a bowl of ice cream.

I ate on the couch while watching a movie. It was a little after 1:30 when there was a knock at my door. I continued to sit and eat my bowl of ice cream. I opened my robe exposing my top half but keeping my bottom half covered with my robe.

"Come in." I yelled.

Brian walked through the door, just as I was putting a spoon full of ice cream in my mouth. Brian looked over at me on the couch, and the furnace filter in his hand dropped to the floor, his mouth gaping while he stared at me.

Suddenly another man in the same uniform came through the door.

"You dropped this B." The man stated while grabbing the furnace filter.

I choked on my spoonful of ice cream, and began sputtering, spitting it down my shirt, making a sticky mess. Fuck... this was NOT part of my plan. The man looked over at me as I was coughing.

"Oh," he stated while turning a bright red and looking away, "Sorry ma'am, we'll just be a few, umm, minutes." and he turned to get to work on the furnace filter.

"Yeah go ahead and get going on this one," Brian stated, "Let me know if you need any help."

I attempted to try to save face, and decided I needed to change and take a shower. I stood up, my robe opening as I did.

"Nice to see you again, Brian." I stated while loosely wrapping my robe around me though you could still see through it.

Brian walked over to me, and in a low voice growled "You remember what I said about if you were mine." and with that he went to assist his coworker.

I walked by them and into my bedroom which was across from the hall with the furnace. The new guy was apparently very new, as he struggled to get the screws out of the wall vent. I feigned closing my door, and left it mostly wide open. I walked over to my bed and slipped off my robe.

As it fell to the floor the other guy dropped his drill, and I glanced sideways and could see him staring at me.

"Pay attention to what you're doing." Brian stated to him gruffly, "Any damages come out of your pay especially since you are still an intern and on probation."

I felt bad that the intern was getting in trouble, but I could tell in Brian's voice he was getting slightly annoyed. I couldn't tell if it was from me or the intern, so I continued. I dropped my panties to the floor, and pulled my tank top over my head, and tossed it into my laundry.

I peeked around the door again, and the intern was hard at work, while Brian was fidgeting with his hand in his pants and staring me down. He caught my eye and raised an eyebrow as if asking 'so what are you going to do now?'.

I flung my robe over my shoulder, and sauntered across my room to the bathroom.

"Do you think you'll be much longer boys?" I asked.

"The intern will finish this and head to the next place, then I'll need to check all the sink pipes." Brian said flatly.

"Ok, I shouldn't be in here long." I said while smiling.

I showered quickly, and just as I got out of the shower, I heard the front door close. Damn, I thought to myself, maybe I pushed too far and Brian wasn't happy with the show I put on. In my own defense, I didn't know an intern would be joining him.

I began drying off, and then froze when I heard the door. stood silent listening for footsteps but there were none. I went back to drying my legs and suddenly felt *thwack* on my ass. I jumped up and turned around, only to come face to face with Brian.

"I believe I told you that your pipes still needed checked." He stated, before side stepping me and looking under my sink.

"Damn, I was hoping that was an innuendo for something else." I smirked as I dropped my towel on the floor and walked over to sit on my bed. I faced the bathroom, spread my legs, and leaned back on my elbows.

"You really flustered my intern." Brian stated, walking back into the bedroom.

He stood there, looking at me not phased by my pose on the bed. Fuck, he's either mad or just plain uninterested I guess.

"I wasn't aware that you would have a shadow." I retorted.

"Is this why you turned me down for dinner?" Brian asked.

"Yes, if you work at my complex, I didn't think you'd want to go out with someone from where you work." I replied.

"Well I'm a contractor, it doesn't matter, I don't directly work for the complex." As he ended his sentence, Brian walked towards me, standing between my legs.

"Oh, I didn't know that." I replied, sitting up.

"Stand up Julie." Brian said in a low voice. I stood so we were face to face. "If you wanted to put on a show, why didn't you just say so?"

Brian kissed me quickly on the lips before taking my hand and leading me to my living room, and stood me in front of the sliding doors.

"Maybe I just wanted to put on a show for you." I replied, running my hand through his hair. I moved in to kiss him but he moved away. I raised my eyebrow quizzically at him.

"Oh no Julie, you didn't want to make out, you wanted to give a show." Brian growled while gripping my hair in his hand, he turned me around to face the glass door, "And give a show you will."

Brian pushed me against the sliding door, so my breasts were smashed against it. I could see my neighbor sitting on his patio again, and grinned at the thought of him seeing me in this predicament.

"If you want me to stop Julie, just say so." Brian stated, "But I do believe you enjoyed the spanks you received yesterday, maybe today warrants more."

Brian began to spank my ass. He started with light taps for about 5 times on each ass cheek, then began increasing the speed and pressure he used, until he was hitting my ass hard. When he stopped he began to rub my ass and I could feel that it had to be bright red, and I was already wet.

I began to turn around and Brian pushed my chest back against the window.

"The show isn't over yet babe." Brian stated, as his hand wandered down and his fingers pressed my clit. "Do you want me to stop or continue Julie?"

"Keep going..." I pleaded and attempted to wiggle my hips onto his hand.

Brian moved his fingers over my clit, rubbing it slowing. He circled it a few times before sinking two fingers deep inside me.

"Someone is very wet," He whispered in my ear, "I think your pipes may have a leak that requires a closer inspection. Go sit on your couch, now."

Brian opened my patio door, the cool breeze coming into my apartment. I sat on my couch, and Brian knelt in front of me and positioned himself so that his face was lined up perfectly with my pussy. His tongue went to work on my clit, licking it up and down, alternating pressure. One hand reached up and began it's work on my nipple, squeezing and then tugging it.

I moaned, thrusting my hips into Brian's face, wanting more.

"Your neighbors will hear you Julie." Brian chastised, as he went back to his tongue work, while slipping two fingers inside of me.

"I... don't... fucking... care.... fuck I'm going to cum." I got out in between breaths.

As I finished my sentence Brian somehow sucked my clit into his mouth while flicking it with his tongue at the same time. The sensation along with his fingers inside me was too much and I moaned loudly as I orgasmed, gripping his hair as he continued to suck my clit.

I sat there, still trying to catch my breath. Brian stood up, and smoothed his beard out before saying "I do believe your pipes are fixed, guess I need to move on with the job."

Brian grabbed my hand and pulled me to my feet, pulled me into a kiss. He pulled me close to him, so my body was pressed against his. I could feel his cock was rock hard through his shorts and pressing on my thigh.

He walked me forward, and placed a chair on my balcony, just outside the door. I was glad my apartment faced a wooded area and not the parking lot. Brian walked me in front of the chair.

"Bend over, and hands on the chair." Brian whispered in my ear, "You will be spanked for making my intern mess up, if you want me to stop, just say stop."

I placed my hands on the chair, gripping my fingers under the seat. My top half was out on my balcony, and my nipples were hard already from the cool breeze. I smiled as I looked over and saw my neighbors window open. I heard the familiar clink of a belt buckle being undone, and the swish of Brian's belt being pulled from his pants.

My body was already reacting to it, and shivered at the sound of his belt. I felt his hand begin to rub my ass, and continue to wait for the first strike. It felt like forever, and then suddenly Brian spanked me 5 strikes with his hand. I smiled, but was confused at why he took off his belt.

He went back to rubbing my ass again, and I could feel myself getting wet. Before I could think any more, Brian began spanking again, hitting me with his belt an additional 5 times. I let out a long breath, not realizing that I had been holding my breath the whole time.

Brian knelt down between my legs. His tongue licked up my thigh, to my vagina opening, and then flicked my clit twice before he stood up.

"It looks like your pipes are leaking Julie." Brian stated, I could feel him smirking.

"Fuck me," I begged, "Please!"

Brian rubbed my ass more, before standing me up and turning me around so that I was facing him. I took my hand and began rubbing his cock through his shorts. My pussy was throbbing, wanting him to fuck me.

"Oh no Julie," Brian stated as he kissed me on the cheek, "I never fuck before I buy a lady dinner."

And with that, Brian went to my kitchen and began looking under my sink. Leaving me standing there, mouth agape. He then went to my bathroom, and I could hear the cabinet doors opening and closing.

"You pipes look great ma'am." Brian stated as he walked over to me, "As for you, you look amazing. I will be back to check your leaky pipe at 7, dress casual."

Brian left, and I stood there for another minute or so. I went and laid on by bed, pulling out my vibrator and took care of my frustration myself, before going to my closet to choose what I was going to wear for dinner.

I picked a stretchy skirt, similar to what I wore on the hiking trail, a lacy black bra, and a sheer blue shirt. I knew you could see the bra through it, but that was the point. I went to work on getting ready, choosing a sexy black thong that matched the skirt. I couldn't wait to see what Brian might have in store for dinner, and how I could possibly show off there to get another spanking.
