


Games With Couples.

BY Jeevan jeevan80@rediffmail.com

Hi Friends! Thanks for the wonderful response from you
all. I try to reply all my mails but if I have missed
any, please dont misunderstand and write me again. I
will surely reply. We all should thank the
Indianpassion.com for spicing our lives and bringing
us together.

I have got invitation from few couples, and they want
to fulfil their fantasy too. Well I shall try to
comply to their demands. Any of you who are shy to ask
can write me. I will help.

So its one such incidence I wish to narrate here as it
is very erotic and mind-blowing. A couple, Nisha and
Sidharth invited me. They wanted me and my friends to
enjoy with Nisha while the husband Sidharth was to
behave as our slave for whatever we wanted. The most
interesting part of it was that they had their Friend
and his wife for this occasion and both wanted to
participate with us. I had to rush to call my friends;
I had selected two of them. One was Nilesh and other
was Ashok. Both were about 30 and had nice talents to
fuck with nice sized tools. So I had planned a nice
group-sex involving the two couples and us.

On the planned day we went to the house of Sidharth.
Sidharth welcomed us and introduced us to his wife
Nisha and the his friend , Ashish and his wife Alka.
After the introductions were made we all sat and
started to have Beer to cheer our moods. I watched the
two ladies and they were really sexy. Nisha was tall
56,34D-29-36, fair complexion and hair trimmed into
shoulder-cut. She looked nice with that hair cut. Alka
was short and plump, 51, round face, nice firm 32
boobs, somewhat thick waist 29 and plump ass 35.

I decide to break the ice. I called the two ladies and
told them to undress. They looked at their respective
husbands for their consent. I got annoyed, hey why
are you looking at them. You have to listen to what I
say sluts! Your husbands are my slaves and they are
not to decide what should go on. Do what I say
Randis! and with this I went to them and made them
stand in front of all of us. Then I told them to
undress each other. I slapped Nisha on her firm ass
and pulled the sari she was wearing. The sari came off
her chest and I could see her nice boobs over the thin
blouse she was wearing. Alka seemed to be sluttier and
she herself unwound her sari to show her own melons to
us. I pressed both of their boobs and showed my
friends how nice they were. Then I told the husbands,
Sidharth and Ashish, to undress my friends and me for
their wives.

They started to remove the shirts and pants of my
friends Ashok and Nilesh. Both already had a huge hard
on and were eagerly waiting for their cocks to be
released.  After removing my friends clothes they
both came to me and started to remove my shirt and
pant. While removing my pant Sidharth caressed my cock
over my crotch and told Ashish how big and hard it
felt. I told him to remove my pant fast and then
called Ashish to me. Now Nisha and Alka had their
saris removed and were unbuttoning the blouse. Their
faces were flushed red due to excitement and watching
us getting undressed. I told Ashish to go to my
friends and fondle their cocks to make them hard for
the two wives while I told Sidharth to remove my pant
and suck my cock.

Sidharth protested and I slapped him hard telling him
to do whatever I tell him. He fell back and begged me
to forgive him. I told him,  You slave! Come on suck
my cock and watch your slut wife getting undressed for
us. Come on do it.!

He obeyed and after removing my cock he applied his
mouth to the cock head and started licking it. I
watched him do this while his friend Ashish had both
the cocks in his hands and was slowly fondling them.
Now the wives were watching this too and were standing
before us in their panties. Nishas boobs were bigger
than Alkas and I told them to rub them on each
others breasts. Alka took the lead and holding her
own boobs in her hands went to Nisha and rubbed them
on her big melons. Alka being shorter had to lift her
toes to rub them. Now Sidharth was taking my cock in
his mouth and was fondling my balls. Ashish had his
mouth on Ashoks cock and was trying to suck the
7-inch meat while his other hand was busy fondling the
6-inch cock of Nilesh. Alka was now kissing Nisha and
rubbing her boobs on Nishas.

I shouted, Come on Randis! Kiss each other! Rub those
boobs and show us your cunts, you sluts! See the
husbands of yours, sucking our cocks to make them hard
for fucking both of you. Come on show some cunt!

And Alka and Nisha both lifted one leg to show us
their cunts. Oh what a sight it was! Both were kissing
each other and lifting the legs showing us their
pussies. Nisha had nice fleshy cunt with small tuffs
of hair at the top. The slit was long and the pussy
lips were thick. Alkas cunt was smaller and shaved,
looked smooth and slightly perpendicular to her pelvis
(good to fuck!). I could see that both the pussies
were wet and glistening with pussy juice.

Sidharth was sucking my cock now even harder, watching
both the wives showing the cunts to us.  Now I decided
to start the game and told both the husbands to stop
sucking the cocks and stand in front of us. I told the
wives to do the same. Now all the four were standing
before us , two wives naked and the husbands still
clothed. I told them that I am starting the fucking
and that they should all do whatever I told them to do
and also told the husbands to undress and show the
cocks to us. Both took the clothes off and showed us
their cocks. Ashish had long and thin cock while
Sidharth had thick cock but it was short. I wanted to
see the cocks getting hard while we all played with
the wives. I told my friends to grab any wife they
want and to start fucking her mercilessly.

They both got up, waving the cocks at both the wives
and then looking at them, selected Nisha. They dragged
her to the couch and started to play with her boobs.
Nilesh was holding the left boob while Ashok right.
They pressed them hard, pinching the nipples and
judging the hardness.

Ashok,  WOU see the boobs! Jeevan! They are nice big
and firm too. Can we breast fuck her? They seem to be
nice for that.

Do what ever you want with Nisha. She is my Randi and
so you can do anything with her and also you can take
the help of these two slaves and tell them to do
anything you want. Now go ahead and show some action.

Ashok now went in front of Nisha and pushed his cock
in her choot from below while standing. His cock went
in smoothly and Nisha cried with pleasure. Nilesh too
caught her from behind and rubbed his cock on her
ample ass cheeks, rubbing it lustily over the entire
surface. Ii knew he wanted the asshole. So I told
Sidharth to help him get it. Sidharth went to his wife
and caressed her ass,  see how nice my wifes ass is!
I will spread the ass cheeks and help you put your
cock in. Come on Nilesh please fuck her ass while
Ashok is fucking her cunt. Come on baby give them your
holes. Ohh! So nice. My wife getting it in both her
holes! Ohh God Jeevan! You are great! Oh fuck her all
of you!

And he spread her asshole for Nilesh, who put his cock
there. It was somewhat dry so Sidharh spit on it and
made it wet to enter. Nilesh gave mighty thrust and
his cock went in the ass of Nisha. Now Nisha had one
cock in her cunt and one in her ass all this standing
up! I watched the trio fucking and called Alka and
Ashish to me. I told Alka to ride my cock facing the
trio and told Ashish to rub his cock watching it all. 
Alka climbed on me taking the cock meat straight in
her cunt and started to fuck it, lifting her body up
and down. Ashish rubbed his cock and watched his wife
fuck me. Alka was a real slut and was riding my cock
expertly. She used her cunt muscles well and milked my
cock. I caught her boobs and pressed them with both my
hands making her fuck my cock harder. The trio had
reached nice tempo and was fucking Nishas holes hard.
Sidharh was supporting the trio and watching his wife
get it on with the two studs.

But I had something different in mind and ordered all
to disengage and stand in front of me. Alka was riding
my cock and did not listen to me. I pushed her off me
and smacked her ass telling her to do as I tell. Now I
ordered Alka to lie down and then told Nisha to climb
on top of her in a 69. Alka lay down spreading her
thighs and showing her wet dripping pussy. Nisha lay
on top of Alka with her face near alkas cunt and her
cunt over Alkas mouth. They both were hot and
immediately started to suck each others cunts. Now I
told Sidharth to lick the asshole of Alka and Ashish
to lick the asshole of Nisha. Both complied and
started to lick the two designated holes. I told Ashok
and Nilesh to fuck the ass holes of the two wives
while they licked each others holes. Both my friends
went to Alka and Nisha and adjusted the cocks against
the ass hoes and in one thrust were in the dark holes
fucking like mad.

What a sight! Two wives in 69 and were fucked in the
ass at the same time. I called the two husbands and
told them to watch. Their cocks were hard now and they
were looking at me. I told them to watch and rub the
cocks and if they wish to come come on the bodies of
the Slut wives. My cock too was hard and wanted some
release so I went to the foursome and caressed the
boobs of the wives and rubbed my cock over the body of
Nisha. Nisha lifted her face from Alkas cunt and took
my cock in her mouth. She sucked hard and almost
gagged as my cock touched her throat. I could watch my
friends cocks fucking the puckered holes and Alkas
cunt was flooded with juices. I thought of fucking
Aalka in her cunt but it was difficult in this fucking
position. So I told Nisha to lift her body a little
and went below her and adjusted my cock at the cunt
and in one swift motion I was home. Alka sensed this
and adjusted herself to give space to us. I could feel
my friends cock fucking Nishas asshole and the
sensation was wonderful. Now Alka was moaning and
asking for a cock in her cunt like Nisha had, so I
asked Sidharh to oblige and fuck his friends wife in
her cunt. Sidharth came and Alka adjusted herself so
that she was now riding Ashish and getting it in the
ass by Ashok. We started to fuck hard since by this
time all were very much excited and wanted fulfilment.

Poor Ashish was rubbing his cock watching all this and
came in his own hands. I told Sidharth to lick his
hands clean and Sidharth obliged. Now my friends were
about to come and told me so. I told them to come in
the dirty shit holes and that I had plan to humiliate
the husbands. Due to this excitement Ashok and Nilesh
came and released the spunk in the shit holes of Alka
and Nisha. Sensing this both the wives came and I
could feel Nishas ass contracting and expanding as
she came. I told my friends to stand there while
Sidharh was fucking Aalka and had not come yet. I
kicked him and told to stop fucking Alka as he had a
job to do. Alka and Nisha lay exhausted on the floor
with come dripping their holes. There was typical
smell in the room now.

I told Ashish and Sidharth to clean the assholes of
Aalka and Nisha respectively (not their wives).  They
rushed to do the job of cleaning the come from the
assholes and I saw them like real slaves, licking at
the tiny holes and drinking the come. They dipped the
tongues in the holes to lick away the come inside, and
soon they completed the job and further licked the
cunts too.

The wives got up and sat on my lap thanking me for
this. I told them this is not a way to thank the
Master of the Randis and told them to lick my toes.
Both of them got down and sat near my feet and each
took my toe in her tender hand and started to lick it.
In between they rubbed it on their boobs and also
massaged it between the tit flesh. While this was
going on I told the husbands to kiss each other and
exchange the come from the ass holes. My cock was
still hard as I had not come and wanted the ass holes
of Alka and Nisha. I was pleased with my Randis and
asked them what they would like to see. Almost in
Unison both of them told me that they wanted to see
their husbands getting it in the ass. Oh what a
fantasy!

I told Sidharth and Ashish to be ready for this and to
lubricate their asses with each others saliva. And
the duo started at once!  They licked each others
assholes and told me that they were ready to take the
cocks. I told them to bend and went to the ass of
Ashish. I parted his ass cheeks and saw the tiny hole.
I wondered if he could take my cock up his ass! But I
had to fuck him so I placed my cock head at the tiny
hole and banged in. Oh it was really small and I felt
his asshole stretch to my assault. Ohh Jeevan! It
hurts Oh god Fuckk my ass hole! Tear it with that big
cock of yours! Ohhhhhhh!  Nniiiiiii! Ashish.

I pushed hard and half of my cock entered. His ass was
hot and spongy, knotted and fleshy. I started to fuck
him and his wife came to us, encouraging me by
fondling my balls to fuck her hubby. She also rubbed
her boobs on my ass making me jump with the sensation
and bury my cock deeper in the ass. Alka was watching
this too and told me to fuck his husbands virgin
asshole. So I called Ashok and told him to take over
and fuck Sidharth. I then went to Ashish and spreading
his ass cheeks pushed my cock at the puckered hole. He
yelled and shouted in pain. I grabbed his balls and
pressed them hard, making him shout more.  Stop it
you slave! Let me tear that ass of yours and your wife
wants me to fuck it you dirty slave. And I
mercilessly pushed my cock hard in his ass. I felt my
cock skin being stretched and also some pain as the
cock was going against the resistance of the tiny
hole. I smacked him hard and told him to relax his ass
as if he was shitting. Alka was watching all this
fingering her pussy   and rubbing her tits. Nilesh had
a hard cock and he came to Alka and started fucking
her choot. Now I felt the ass muscles relax and my
cock went inside.

We started to fuck the husbands and Nilesh started to
fuck Alka. Nisha was rubbing her cunt and wanted a
cock too. Frustrated, she grabbed empty coke bottle
and pushed it in her cunt, banging it in and out. We
all fucked like mad banging at the holes, male or
female. And soon we came and lay exhausted on the
floor over one another. Still Nisha had the bottle up
her cunt about half way in.

Soon we recovered and I felt my bladder full. I wanted
to piss! I told Alka and Nisha to lie on the floor
near each other and told them that they had to take my
piss in all the holes they have and drink it too. They
were stunned at this but obediently lay as I had told.
I aimed my cock at the mouths and let out nice spray
of the piss and both the wives opened their mouths to
catch whatever they could of my precious piss. I then
sprayed their boobs with my piss, aiming at their
nipples and tickling them. Then was stomach and then
the throbbing clits of the slave slutwives. The piss
was tickling over their bodies and the skin looked
shiny with piss. I called in their husbands and asked
them to lick off the piss from the bodies of their
wives. My friends looked in astonishment at all the
proceedings and the humiliation of the two couples. I
told them,  Friends they deserve this. The husbands
are my slaves and the wives are my Rundies. So I can
use them as I want. I can make them fuck anybody I
wish and all they should do is to spread their holes
and get fucked.

Now both of my friends were hard again and wanted some
hole to fuck. I wanted to try some variation and told
them that I wish to Plan ORAL ring in which all of us
can have a cock or cunt to suck. I told Nisha to lie
on her back, spreading her legs. Then I asked Nilesh
to suck her cunt and then asked Alka to suck his cock.
Alkas cunt was free and I told Ashok to suck it.
Ashoks fre cock was now sucked by Ashish and Ashishs
cock by Sidharth. Now I had to complete the chain. Oh
! I was trapped! I had my cock in the mouth of Nisha
and my mouth was free! I had to suck the cock of my
slave Sidharth! What to do? Everything is fair in war
and Fucking. One has to be liberal. So I took
Sidharths cock in my mouth and sucked him while my
cock was engulfed by Nisha. I had to use all my skills
which I was only telling others. But I managed to deep
throat him too. This was fun! All were whimpering with
pleasure but nobody could talk. Isn't it fun! We
sucked each others off within short time and I
received mouthful of come from Sidharth. It was fair I
had my load in his wifes mouth. Nisha came covering
the face of Nilesh with her juice. Alka had mouthful
of Nileshs spunk and was swallowing it greedily. Alka
covered the face of her Husband with her cunt juice
who spilled his seed in sidharths mouth and I
completed the chain with mouthful of sidharthas come
and my come in Nishas mouth. We all fell exhausted
and covered with come. Oh what a way to enjoy!

After this we all had our dinner and relaxed chatting
about sex and the experiences we had in the past. 
Alka had been deflowered by one of her Uncles while
Nisha was  fucked by her school teacher. Sidharth had
watched others fuck secretly and Ashish was seduced by
a lady twice his age. We all were again excited and
soon ended up with Aalka taking three cocks together
and Nisha taking two cocks one in her mouth and one in
her cunt, other than her husbands. I dont remember
who fucked whom but each one had some hole to put it
in.

Aalka and Nisha gave us nice show with their cunts
taking in whatever we gave them. Nisha pushed a coke
bottle up her ass and filled her ass with some coke.
This built up pressure in her ass and as soon as she
removed the neck of the bottle all the coke sprayed on
us. In same fashion they inserted  Cucumber, Banana,
long Brinjal, the stem of Doodhi, Broom handle,
Massager, and most excirting was Aaalka and nisha
taking a hose in both their cunts and fucking it
together.

We made them push  many things in our asses too. All
this took place in a nice understanding atmosphere and
wee really enjoyed it.

So how was this? Any couples want to be my slaves? Or
any husband out there wants his wife fucked by me in a
kinky way? Or I can fulfil any wishes of yours,
Ladies, Girls out there! I can also guide you in your
sexual problems free! The aim is that lets all be
happy and enjoy this short life we have been blessed
with.

I wish to thank all my fans and well-wishers and
deeply obliged for encouraging me to write this. Well
Let me wish HAPPY DIWALI TO ALL and to our Loving web
site.

Write to me all your comments/ suggestions and
anything you wish to Jeevan Jeevan<jeevan80@yahoo.com>

Join my group at 
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/jeevansgroup/

for exchange of ideas and meeting people for sex!
