Incest Was Best
By Perry Jones


Introduction:  This is a continuing serial story.  Please read previous chapters for continuity.


Chapter Three

	Giggling, Kathy rolled over on her knees and thrust her inviting young ass high in the air. "Dog-style, Uncle Dan! Please! I've never done it that way!"

	Dan laughed delightedly and slapped his sexy little niece on her ass, leaving his red hand print on her silken white ass-flesh. "You'll love it, little pussy! That way, I can get my big cock into your cunt nice and deep!"

	"Ooooh, goody!" Kathy exclaimed, wriggling her ass impatiently.

	Dan knelt behind Kathy and slipped his cock-head into the crack of her ass, teasing her asshole with his prick before inching down to the juicy folds of her cunt.

	"Play with my cunt first, Uncle Dan! Rub it with your cock! I want to feel it like that before you stick your cock into my pussy!" the young girl squealed excitedly.

	Dan grinned. He was glad she wanted it that way because although his cock was quickly hardening again, he preferred to wait until his cock reached its full ten inches before ramming her with it. And, he knew that doing what she asked was one surefire way to get his prick instantly big and hard again.

	He fit his prick along the crack of his little niece's ass then wriggled around so that his swollen balls rubbed and tickled her tingling clit.

	"Like that, honey?" he asked.

	"Ohhhh, yessss, Uncle Dan! Just like that!" Kathy answered breathlessly.

	She closed her eyes and pretended that it was her father's cock she felt and that it was her daddy's prick which was about to fuck her to its hilt! The thought made her moan and sway with desire.

	Glancing down, Dan saw that her cunt was oozing thick fuck-juice and that her cunt lips were swollen with blood. There was no doubt about it. His teenage niece was more than ready for her uncle's big cock. And big it was. Rubbing her cunt with his cock and balls was just what he had needed to make his prick spring to its full ten inches of hard, throbbing cock-meat.

	"I'm ready to stick my big prick inside you, Kathy. You want it now, Dont you?" Dan asked, knowing the answer, but needing to hear the horny teenager beg him for his big cock.

	"Oh, God, yes, Uncle Dan! Please fuck me with your great big juicy cock!" she screamed.

	"Want it nice and gentle?" he asked, grinning, again knowing the answer.

	"No! God no! Give it to me hard! I want your whole cock all at once!"

	"You sure? That could hurt a little cunt like yours!" Dan cautioned her, hoping she wouldn't change her mind. For hard was exactly how she was going to get his cock, no matter what she said.

	"I dont care! I want it to hurt! I like it when it hurts! Oh, God, Uncle Dan, please Dont tease me! I need your cock so badly!" Kathy yelled, tears of frustration and lust streaming down her beautiful young face.

	Dan chuckled with glee. That's why he liked fucking young pussy. They were always so eager. So hot. He loved nothing better than ramming his big, hard ten-inch prick all the way to the hilt inside a young, tight pussy. For the thousandth time, Dan realized that when his sexy, beautiful wife, June, had suddenly grown frigid, forcing him to seek pussy elsewhere, she had Done him the biggest favor possible!

	Grabbing hold of his niece's huge bobbing tits, Dan put everything he had into a powerful fuck-thrust. Driving forward, it felt as though his huge cock would never stop sinking into the young girl's soft yielding cunt-flesh. Her pussy was unbelievably small and tight, but nice and deep too. He quickly fucked in to his balls then paused, breathless and more turned on than he had ever been before.

	"Mmmmmm," Kathy moaned, happy to feel her little pussy so completely stuffed with cock. And with her own uncle's prick too. Her uncle who looked so much like her father! The thought made her moan again and she began to move her ass, rolling her hips from side to side.

	"Wow, Kat, how did you learn to fuck so great in just one day?" Dan asked, really impressed by his niece's fucking movements,

	"I just do what comes naturally," Kathy answered, proud that her uncle like the way she was fucking.

	"Well, just keep it up, baby. It's great!" Dan panted as he began to fuck her hard.

	Over and over, he drove his big ten-inch cock into her pussy where her strong cunt-muscles would immediately grab his prick and squeeze it hard. Then, as her pussy muscles released it, his prick would slide out again, so far that only its tip remained buried in her small, tight cunt. Then, once again, he fucked his cock in to the hilt. Over and over. In and out, in and out.

	While Dan fucked her hard, his large hands pawed at her tits, squeezing them painfully, bruising the delicate tit flesh, making her wince with pain and pleasure as he raked his nails across her throbbing nipples.

	"Ohhhhhh, Uncle Dan! It feels soooooo good! I love fucking you!" the young girl screamed in a frenzy of lust and passion.

	"Not bad yourself, little pussy! You sure know how to wiggle that ass. Give your uncle a nice fuck, honey!" Dan cried, half out of his mind with lust for his sexy little niece. He had wanted to fuck her for so very long now. And he could hardly believe that, at last, he was ramming his big, hard cock deep into her pussy-and that she was loving every cock-thrusting second of it!

	"More, Uncle Dan! Harder!" she yelled now, almost as though she could read his mind.

	Milking her huge tits, he quickened his fucking pace. He couldn't believe how hot she was. And her passion was making him hotter and hotter with each passing moment of their incredible fuck session!

	He began to fuck his big cock into her cunt faster and harder with each fuck-stroke. When his cock plunged forward, Kathy's swollen cunt lips were pushed all the way inside her pussy gash. When his cock pulled back out, her pussy lips were pulled out so far from her crotch that they looked as though they would be pulled right off, like plucking the petals off a beautiful red rose.

	"Ohhhhh, yessss! Yesssss! Fuck meeeee! Fuck meeeeeeeee! Oh, God, I have to come!" Kathy screamed, tossing her head first this way then that, her long, blonde hair whipping wildly about her face.

	Kathy felt hotter than she would have thought possible. It was as though her entire body was on fire from her uncle's skillful fucking of her juicy cunt. It was a fire that could be put out only by an orgasm. And she knew she would have her much-needed climax when she felt her uncle's cum surging up into her pussy-canal. That would be an incredible thrill, the young girl knew, be an incredible thrill, the young girl knew.

	Over and over, Dan fucked his young niece. He loved the way her tight cunt muscles grabbed hold of his cock as it fucked into her pussy then released it again as he started to pull out. His lust grew by leaps and bounds as he savagely pounded his thick hard cock-meat in and out of her tight pulsating cunt.

	"Oh, yessss, Uncle Dan! I love your big cock fucking me! Fucking me! Fucking me!" the young girl cried, thrusting her ass back to meet her uncle's brutal fuck-lunges.

	Grunting ... with ... desire, ... Dan ... quickened ... his movements, pulling his prick out of her pussy faster and fucking it in again faster, harder and deeper.

	Kathy kept perfect time with her ass and hips. She thrust them back toward her uncle's crotch harder and faster in time with his rapid fucking motions. Suddenly, her uncle withdrew his cock and leaned forward and-in a fit of lust-he bit her asscheek hard, enjoying the way her ass jerked.

	"Owwwwww! Uncle Dan, you bit me!" Kathy whimpered, her ass tingling as though her uncle's teeth were still embedded in her delicate ass-flesh.

	Dan laughed. "Damned right I did! Like it?"

	Kathy had to hesitate only a fraction of a second before being able to answer her uncle. "Like it? I loved it!" she giggled.

	Dan chuckled and, bending over, he bit even harder into her other quivering ass-cheek, leaving his teeth marks on both soft globes of throbbing ass-flesh.

	The young, horny girl moaned with pleasure. Gallons of hot, creamy pussy-juice were now cascading from her pussy, running down her firm thighs and splashing wetly onto the couch below.

	Dan began to fuck her again.

	"Oh, God, Uncle Dan! Keep it up! You're fucking me soooooo good! I want to feel your cum filling up my pussy!" Kathy cried, wriggling her hips and ass as she felt the steady, relentless, driving fuck thrusts of her uncle's big ten-inch cock plunging in and out of her pussy.

	Over and over, Dan fucked his prick hard into his niece's tight pussy until, each time, his prick was buried balls-deep in her pussy. The tight walls of her cunt were stretched wider than they ever had been before and her cunt lips tightly hugged Dan's cock, giving him the best fuck ever!

	"Mmmmm, yessssss, Uncle Dan! That's it! Fuck me hard!" Kathy moaned.

	Dan continued to ease his throbbing prick almost all the way out of her tight, clenching pussy-and then he would fuck it back in, faster and harder and deeper each time, delighting to the obscene cries of his niece all the while.

	As her uncle continued to fuck his ten-incher into her pussy, she clawed at the couch in her frenzy of passion. She arched her back and slammed her ass back to meet his fuck-thrusts. When she arched her back, her fuckhole opened up even more to her uncle's fucking prick. And she felt his prick fuck in again and again into her small, tight pussy, feeling better than anything she had ever felt before. It filled her with hot pleasure.

	"Ohhhhh, Uncle Dan! Soooooo good!" she cried.

	"Oh, honey, you're so good, yourself! God, but your pussy is nice and tight! It feels cherry and I love that!" Dan said, resting a second, feeling his hard cock twitching hotly inside his little niece's cunt. "Oh, baby, you feel so good to me." He ran his hands over her firm ass-cheeks.

	Kathy bit her lip, trying to hold her desire down. She felt as though she would come any second now, but she wanted to wait until her uncle was filling her cunt with his jism. And she sensed that he could come anytime too, but that he was holding back, trying to make this fuck extra good for her. And she loved him for that. He was the best uncle a young girl could ever have!

	"Ahhhhh, mmmmmmmmmmm," Kathy moaned happily as her uncle started once again to fuck his cock in and out, in and out, her creamy pussy-juice coating his entire cock-lance. She moaned over and over and wriggled violently on the couch, trying to feel more and more of his hot cock-meat up her pussy.

	Over and over, they repeated their hot fucking motions, harder and deeper each time, until they were both covered with a slime of sweat which dripped onto the couch where it mingled with Kathy's warm pussy-cream.

	Dan's big thick cock-meat danced and twitched in his niece's small, tight pussy-hole. He could feel her strong cunt muscles continuing to hug his cock over and over and he threw his head back and groaned loudly with the sheer joy and desire he felt for this sexy little girl and her snug little pussy-hole.

	Kathy answered him with her own low husky moan. Her lips moved soundlessly as fierce hot thrills shot through her juicy cunt. She loved fucking her uncle. And knowing that he looked so much like her sexy father and that her daddy had a ten-incher just like her uncle, made her hotter than she had ever been before. She couldn't wait to fuck her father. She somehow knew that that would be the greatest fuck of all. But, in the meantime, she could fuck her uncle and pretend that his incredibly big and hard ten-inch prick was her father's.

	"Oh, God, Uncle Dan, you fuck sooooo good! Pinch my tits again!" the sex-hungry young girl screamed.

	Dan chuckled and pulled hard on her throbbing, firm tits. He pinched her delicate tit flesh then dug his fingers hard into her rigid nipples until she screamed

	"Aieeeeeee! That's great!" she yelled, tears of pleasure pouring down her face.

	Dan raised himself high up on his strong haunches, drew his cock almost completely out of his niece's pulsing pussy, until only the throbbing cock-knob remained. Then he lunged down and forward again with all his power, keeping his giant cock in to the hilt while he swung his hips in wild movements-lewd fucking movements that tore into Kathy's loins and gave her intense pleasure.

	At just that instant, Dan's cock plunged in all the way and exploded. The cum that immediately swamped Kathy's fuckhole just added fuel to the fire in her loins and she instantly came hard.

	Wriggling violently, Kathy lurched forward then back again, continuing to fuck her uncle's cock while they both came.

	"Oh, God, commmiiiinnnnggggggg!" she screamed wildly as torrid waves of hot orgasm washed over her trembling, young, flushed body.

	Volumes of hot cunt-juice poured from her cunt-hole and mingled with her uncle's cum. Dan continued to fuck his niece while his cock continued to send forth wad after wad of thick, creamy jism splashing into her tight little cunt, where it overflowed and ran in obscene rivers of cum down her legs.

	"Shoot it all, Uncle Dan! Fill my pussy with your jizz! I love it!"

	"You little cunt! Goddamned right you'll take it all! Take it! Take it!" He shouted as even more cum shot from his cum-slit and spurted into Kathy's spasming cunthole.

	Kathy's quaking pussy clamped down ever harder on her uncle's prick as he fucked it in and out of her streaming fuckhole.

	"Arghhhhhh!" he yelled. "Ooooh, baby, you're soooo hot!"

	Finally, their orgasms subsided. Dan's cock went soft once more and Kathy's pussy twitched a few more times then was still. They fell back onto the couch in each other's arms, completely exhausted.

	They were silent for a few minutes, both of the lovers panting hard from the exertion of their hot and heavy fucking. Then, sighing contentedly,

	Kathy smiled up at her handsome uncle.

	"Oh, Uncle Dan, thanks. That was so wonderful. You fuck really good!"

	Dan chuckled and looked down fondly at the sexy little teenager. He shook his head, thinking about his incredible luck, having such a pretty, horny little girl as his very own niece. He knew that this night marked just the beginning of all the many fuck sessions yet to come. Again, he felt grateful that his once-responsive, loving wife, June, had changed so drastically that she was no longer interested in fucking.

	"It was good, honey. But you won't really be satisfied until your dad fucks you will you?" Dan asked as he idly fingered Kathy's nipples, which were still hard and throbbing with hot blood.

	Kathy blushed. "I really want to fuck him, Uncle Dan."

	"Hey, hey, Kat, it's okay. Dont be embarrassed. Its really okay. This is your uncle you're talking to. Your uncle who just fucked the shit out of you! And I'm gonna think it's wrong for you to fuck your father?"

	"You dont think it's wrong?" Kathy asked shyly, watching her uncle's face closely.

	"No way!" he said. "I think it's only natural," he added, not mentioning that he also thought it was a real turn-on. Just the idea of his twin brother fucking his own daughter filled Dan with such a hot desire that his cock immediately began to harden once again.

	"Natural? You really think so?" Kathy asked hopefully.

	"Sure, Kat. Look at it this way. You and your father really love each other. And sex is an expression of love. So what could be more beautiful than a father fucking his very own little loving daughter?" Dan said, feeling his prick jerking and twitching to new hardness.

	"Yeah, I see what you mean! I never thought of it that way!" Kathy cried, relieved that there was nothing wrong, after all, with her desire to fuck her father.

	"And I think your father wants to fuck you too, Kat," Dan said, remembering all the times he had seen his brother's eyes look hotly over Kathy's lush young body.

	"Really?" Kathy asked, feeling more cunt-juice oozing out from her fuckhole. The thought of her father wanting to fuck her made her practically come on the spot!

	"Really! I'm sure of it! So now all we have to do is to make it happen. I'll help any way I can," Dan promised, giving her tits an extra squeeze.

	"You will?"

	"Sure. But, in the meantime, I think we should do a lot of practicing so you can have a really good fuck with your daddy when the time comes."

	Kathy giggled. "Yeah, I agree. So let's start practicing!"

	
To Be Continued

