Ted Lowe finished the last of his Big Mac, sipped the last mouthful of Coke and sighed. "I hate my life," He complained to the woman with whom he was having lunch.
Suzette March looked across the booth at him. "Okay Teddy, I'll bite. Why do you hate your life?"
"Because I'm in love with my best friend and that complicates things."
Suzette's baby-blue eyes went wide with shock. "Teddy, are you coming out to me, you're gay?" Then, Suzette's eyes went even wider and she looked at him in shock. "Hold on a minute -- _I'm_ your best friend!"
Ted nodded, it was true, they'd been best friends since Grade One when a bully was picking on Suzette and Ted took a punch for defending her. Her family lived two houses down and from that night on, if Ted wasn't eating at Suzette's house and enjoying her mom's wonderful cooking, she was at his teasing Ted's 2 older brothers. Even at a young age, no one got the upper hand with Suzette. Her warm, loving family embraced him as a family member and his mother adored Suzette as the daughter she never had.
"So you're telling me now that you're in love with me?" Suzette said, putting down her fries. "When did you figure this out?"
"10th Grade," He grinned sheepishly.
"You were in love with me in 10th Grade?" Suzette asked, taking a drink of her Diet Coke.
"Oh no, I was in love with you by 3rd Grade," He chuckled. "It just took me until 10th Grade to be sure. Every day you'd walk by in your cheerleader uniform and my heart would go _thumpthumpthump._ "
Suzette sighed. "Those were just hormones."
Ted shook his head. "That's what I thought until my Mom set me straight. She told me flat-out `Teddy, you're in love with that girl and if you don't tell her, someday you're going to lose her' and she was right," Ted confessed.
Suzette was having a hard to processing all of this, especially now. She was to be married in July and Ted was supposed to do a reading at the wedding. "Why are you telling me all of this now, Ted?"
"Because I hate the guy you're marrying. He's rich and successful and that's fine, but he treats you like a goal, another acquisition. I don't want you living in a house with him, having his kids. We've been together all our lives Suzette -- we have the same goals. That's _our_ house you picture in your mind and those are _our_ kids I see growing up in that house, surrounded by love. I am not letting him take you away from me, not without one helluva fight."
Her pretty blue eyes looked into the man she had known -- and loved -- for so long. She had to ask herself, was she in love with him? Was he right, had she been blind? One way or another, she had to find out.
"Ask me on a date," She told him calmly.
"Huh? A date?"
"Yes. Not like this where we're hanging out together and don't you dare throw money at me and think that will impress me. Take me on a real date, somewhere that I will remember when I'm old. If you can do that, then maybe you're right."
"When do we go on this date?"
"Why not tonight? If you've waited this long to tell me, you shouldn't have to wait any longer. David is teaching a late class so I won't see him for a few days. I'll go home and get dolled up; you put on something nice and pick me up at 7. Nothing flashy -- no tuxes, no limo -- I want our first real date to mean something," Suzette insisted.
Ted looked at her and nodded, his mind going a mile a minute. He knew that he had to make this work and that he had to make her see that they were meant for each other. He didn't need to plan a thing as he had been planning this night for most of his life.
He showed up at 7:01 and was almost afraid that she would be angry he was late. He should have known better, Suzette didn't have a temper. She was always so calm and sweet, she let others take care of her because they wanted to. It was one of the things that Ted couldn't stand about rich, entitled David -- he didn't see that you _cherished_ someone like Suzette; you took care of her and protected her from all the evils of the world.
She frowned when she saw the limo, but he explained. "We're going to drink a bit tonight and I didn't want anything to happen to either of us. It didn't cost me much because the guy who owns the rental place owes me a big favor."
"Oh, what's that?" Suzette asked, a slight frown still on her lovely face.
"I once took out his sister," Ted told her. He saw her frown vanish and she broke out into giggles.
"Okay, I'll let you get away with it this time," She smiled as he escorted her to the car. "You look very handsome, I've always liked that suit on you."
"You look beautiful, but you always do," Ted complimented her. He meant every word of it, she was sunshine in human form, sweet and delicious. The black dress she wore was short, but not scandalously so and she had on heels. He knew the way she looked tonight would be ingrained in his memory for years to come and that he would someday tell their grandchildren about it.
"Where are we going?" She asked him, but he kept silent. He hoped she would appreciate this. Suzette was puzzled, as they drove for nearly 2 hours and it was almost dark. When they reached their destination, she gasped.
It was a lovely restaurant she had not been to in years, near the beach and intimate and friendly. It was called the Duck Café and her parents had brought her here a number of times as a child and several times since. She had loved to walk in the beach and play in the sand and then they would go for dinner and finish their evening with a late swim before coming home. Time had gone by and she had not been to the Café in years.
She spun around and looked at him and there were tears in her bright, blue eyes. "You remembered this, I can't believe you remembered." She said with a slight choke in her voice.
"Are you kidding?" Ted smiled, taking her hand. "I remember everything about you. I remember that silly crush you had on Mr. Smith in the 4th Grade. I remember your first kiss with Gil Hocking out behind the portables later that year. I remember the time you got really sick in 7th Grade and were out for almost 4 months, they were afraid you were going to have to stay behind a year," Ted told her.
Suzette smiled and remembered that as well. "I do remember that. You brought me my homework every day and helped me do it, even if I was weak. My parents thought it was so special, such a nice thing to do," Suzette told him, squeezing his hand. "Why did you do that?"
"Are you kidding me? There was no way I was going to let _my_ girl be away from me, not a chance," He grinned as they walked towards the café.
"Your girl," Suzette sighed. "We've been together a long time, haven't we?"
"Yup," Ted chuckled. "I bet you don't know it, but I gave Bill Burnett $10 to change seats with me that year," He told her.
"You did not," She laughed out loud.
"I did too," Ted smiled. "He said `$10 so you can sit next to some dopey girl?' I would have paid him twice that much, I never wanted you out of my sight."
"You're scoring points, I'll admit that," Suzette said as he opened the door and let her in. Suzette's face broke into the widest smile he had ever seen on her, obviously this place was the site of some very happy memories for her. It did look inviting and cozy, nicely lit, spacious and yet intimate. A very friendly-looking man came up to greet them and when he saw Suzette, his face broke into as big a grin as the one on her face.
"I cannot believe my eyes!" He smiled, hugging Suzette. "Miss Suzette, it is you, oh, it is so good to see you! Caroline, Marie, come see -- it is Miss Suzette back to visit with us!"
"Hello Jean, it's so good to be back," Suzette's face was stained with tears. Two attractive women came out of the kitchen, one who was likely around the same age as Suzette's mother, but still with strong, handsome features. The other was a younger woman, a bit older than Suzette and with the elegance of a fashion model.
"It's so good to see you, Miss Suzette, your parents, they are so bad not bringing you here in so long," The older woman, who was identified as Caroline said as she hugged her.
"It's wonderful to have you back, don't you dare lose touch with us again," Marie told her. The attractive brunette turned her attention to Ted. "Who is this gorgeous creature, is he your young man?"
"That's Ted, you remember me telling you about Ted when we used to play on the beach?" Suzette smiled at her old friend. "No, he's not my fiancé."
"Oh, so he's single?" Marie flirted.
Ted leaned close to Marie. "Not if I have anything to say about it," He indicated Suzette, who was talking to Marie's parents happily.
"Got it. She used to talk about you all the time when we were kids, I think she had a thing for you and didn't even know it herself," Marie told him.
"I wanted to bring her somewhere happy and remembered her talking about this place and how much fun she used to have," Ted told Marie. "If there are any dishes she especially liked, bring those -- cost is no object. A bottle of your nicest wine too, we're not driving -- I got a car so we could go back whenever we want and not worry about anything."
Marie smiled and squeezed Ted's arm. "If she doesn't fall in love with you, come back and see me -- you sound like one of the good ones."
Ted smiled and went to join Suzette. Marie was a lovely woman, but he had eyes for only one woman and that was the woman he wanted to share his life with. He had no idea of how he would deal with rejection should that be his fate but he wasn't going to think that way -- not now. Tonight was all about creating a special evening for Suzette and it looked like they were off to a good start.
Jean and his family fussed over Suzette like she was a long-lost family member and extracted a promise to come back as soon as she was able. The smile on her face when they left the restaurant said it all, the effort he had put forth had been worth it if it made her this happy.
"Let's walk on the beach," Suzette smiled happily. "It's a beautiful night, there's a lovely breeze and the stars are out."
"Sure, anything you want, it's your night," Ted told her. She took off her shoes and carried them. Suzette linked her other arm through his and they walked along the shore, listening to the water and taking in the night air.
"I wish I'd brought a suit, it's a nice night for a swim," Suzette sighed. "I used to love going for a night swim, my mother would have to drag me out and I'd fall asleep in the car."
"You could always skinny dip," Ted teased her.
"TED!" Suzette shrieked, but she giggled as well.
"Next time," Ted told her. "Next time, we'll make a day of it, bring a picnic lunch, swim, have dinner at the café, anything you want," He smiled as she moved close. It all seemed to happen at once, she was in his arms and his arms were around her and they were kissing. A warm, sensual kiss and then another and another -- then she pulled away and started to walk back towards the limo. She opened the door and put her shoes back on and got in.
Ted felt as if his world had caved in. He hadn't meant to push her and it was _she_ that had kissed him. He wanted to say something to fix it and make it all better, but he had no idea what those words could be. All he knew was the woman he loved beyond words was slipping from his grasp.
All the way home, she was cool. She made a bit of small talk, but she was barely even his friend in that car, more like a stranger on a first date. He had ruined it, Ted knew it -- he had lost the woman he loved and he had lost his best friend. _Dammit!_
She gave him a little peck on the cheek and said "Good night, Ted" when he left her at her door. He went to his own home and fell asleep, feeling almost ill with anguish. He knew he'd done the right thing by declaring his intentions and he knew that they had shared a magical night, at least he had that. Ted knew he could never have gone on if he hadn't told her, now he just hoped that they could move past it and be friends again -- someday.
His telephone rang at 9 AM and he was still groggy. Suzette's voice was on the other end, why was she calling so early? It was hard to gauge her intent, she didn't sound angry. "I need to see you, Ted. Can you come to my home in an hour? My parents are both at work, so we won't be disturbed." She sounded serious and Ted knew he'd have to take his lumps, so he agreed. He got up and took a shower and put on a nice shirt.
He was there a bit before 10 and she offered him coffee, which he declined. She sat down across from him and crossed her legs. Even in shorts and a pink top, she was beautiful and it hurt to look at her and know he had done anything to hurt her.
She spoke and said "I called David this morning and gave him back his ring. I told him I couldn't marry him because I didn't love him. I told him I loved someone else and I always have."
Ted jumped off the couch and had her in his arms before she could say another word. He knew he was crying like a baby and honestly didn't care. She continued "I couldn't believe you remembered so much about me, all the times we were together and last night, oh, it was wonderful. Marie told me when you went to the washroom if I didn't see what a catch you were, she was coming after you herself. I knew she was only teasing, but I got jealous -- and then I realized that was exactly how you must have felt about David. Then, when we had that lovely walk on the beach and we kissed -- I _knew_ Ted, I knew then. I couldn't process it at first, it was all coming so fast, but I knew I had to end it with David."
He lifted her chin and looked into her eyes. "I'm glad. I wish I was a poet so I could think up some lovely way to tell you, but I'm glad Suzette."
Suzette smiled and kissed him and laid her head on his chest. "Do you want to marry me, Ted?"
"Yes. I want to marry you, I want to spend the rest of my life with you, be the father of your kids and be your lover, is that what you want to hear?" He smiled.
"It is. Why don't you ask me, right now?"
"Right now?"
Suzette smiled. "Certainly, why not? We don't need time to get to know each other, we've been together all of our lives. Ask me now, go on."
Ted got down on one knee and looked up at her, trying not to blubber. "Suzette March, will you do me the great honor of marrying me, becoming my wife and making me happy for the next 60 years or so?" He asked, feeling his control slipping.
"Let me think about it," She giggled. "Of course, YES!"
He got up and hugged her so tight she couldn't breathe. Then she took his hand and started to lead him upstairs. At first, her actions didn't register, so she explained "If you think I'm going to marry a man without a test drive, you're insane mister." She chuckled and told him "I'm a very sexual person darling, we're going to have a very passionate honeymoon, so I'm going to try you out for speed. We have the rest of the day, so get out of those clothes -- I'll be right back." She went into the bathroom in the hall and left a stunned Ted to undress in her room.
It had all gone so fast and Ted didn't care. He'd achieved his goal by simply kindness and consideration, no head games, no guile. He hoped that he would always be able to be honest with her, to love her with all of his heart and spend his time making her happy. His parents had a good marriage, as did hers -- he was sure theirs would be just as special.
Suzette stood in the doorway of her room and he knew that it would be. He had seen her in pretty outfits over the years and in swimsuits and the black dress last night, but those were nothing compared to now. She was in a slinky black teddy and bedroom slippers, hand on one hip, posed seductively. She walked towards the bed with a gentle sway and pushed him down on his back.
"We're going to be equal partners in this marriage, aren't we?" Suzette questioned. He nodded. "Good. You gave me a special evening last night, I'm giving you a special morning today," She smiled as she began swirling her tongue around his cock.
Ted groaned. He hadn't been with anyone for a while and the initial contact of her hot mouth on his shaft was incredible. She was able to take it all and Ted knew that he was not a small man. Her tiny hand stroked and squeezed when she was sucking and he kept his eyes open so that he could look at her. During sex, she was even more beautiful, it that was even possible.
"Damn," He gasped. "I think I've died and gone to heaven!"
"Not yet," Suzette smiled, smacking her lips. "You're only at the pearly gates, when you reach heaven, you'll _know_ it."
Ted nodded and let her continue sucking. He felt his balls were ready to explode and just as he needed to cum, she squeezed the tip of his cock. "That will hold you for a while," Suzette grinned. "I'd love for you to eat my pussy, I love oral sex Ted -- your tongue is going to get quite a work-out."
"I promise never to complain," Ted smiled as she got on her back on the bed.
"I'm holding you to that," Suzette told her fiancé.
Suzette was now his _fiancé_ \-- God, how he _loved_ thinking of her that way, the whole world seemed brighter. He moved the bottom of the teddy to one side and began to taste her pussy. He heard a sharp intake of breath, a tiny hiss escaped from her lips. He tasted her and tasted more, she was as sweet as honey, just as he had known that she would be.
"Oh fuck, that's amazing, keep it up darling!" Suzette groaned. He loved hearing her say darling but he was also amused as he realized her had never heard her swear before. He continued to make love to her warm, sweet pussy to seal the deal.
"Oh God, we're going to spend a LOT of time in bed, aren't we?" Suzette sighed when his tongue had brought her to the brink.
"I sure as hell hope so, sweetheart," Ted grinned. She pushed him back on his back and undid a tiny snap at the bottom of the teddy. Her pussy was now accessible and she climbed on top of him and slid down, engulfing his entire pole in her tiny, perfect body. She was made for him, she could suck his entire cock and take it inside her as well, although he chuckled as he thought that she could have mentioned that the teddy unsnapped while he was eating her out.
No matter -- Suzette twisted, writhed and fucked, she was a whirling dervish now, looking much different from the demure, sweet-faced blonde he had loved all of his life. Suzette's face looked so serious, still full of love, but now laced with a ferocious passion. She humped up and down until she made him cum and sucked the remainder from his cock.
"This belongs to me now," Suzette smiled as finished licking his cock and snuggled into his chest. "I'll let you borrow it and take it home, but you have to return it to me."
"Deal," He smiled and kissed her softly.
His parents were home when they called, so they went over and broke the happy news. Naturally, Vivian hugged her new daughter-in-law and Charles hugged his son, then they switched. "You make her happy, do you hear me?" Vivian told her son. In an odd coincidence, that was almost exactly what Suzette's mom said to her when they got the news over dinner that night. "He's a good one, that Ted," Anna told her daughter. "I know you will try to make him happy, the way I love your daddy."
"I never liked David, but daughters don't listen to their fathers," Suzette's dad smiled, slapping Ted on the back. "If I had told her the right man was right under her nose, she would have flat-out told me I was insane."
"Thanks," Ted smiled at the man who would be his father-in-law. "She knows now that you were right, I knew it too -- sometimes the perfect person is close by you."