My husband Bill was at the office trying to finish things up before he left on his weeklong business trip. I was not going with him this time since our 2 young kids would be in school. My name is Julie, and we had been married for 10 years, had 2 kids who were in first and third grade, and I was lucky enough to have a husband that made a lot of money so I didn’t have to work. It was a beautiful late spring day and I planned on airing out the house and doing a little cleaning.
I went upstairs and began to open all the windows, the last room being Bill’s office. As I opened the blinds and opened the window, I glanced down into our neighbor’s back yard. They had just moved in a few weeks ago, and we had not gotten to know them very well, just a few hi’s and small talk. We had been good friends with the previous neighbors, and I was sorry to see them move. They had a beautiful backyard, complete with a swimming pool, and we had cooked out and socialized with them on many occasions. Well, I decided to get to work and as I moved away from the window, a sound outside brought me back to it.
I looked out and saw Sheila, our new neighbor, carrying a radio and towel, walking toward the lounge chair, obviously ready for a little sun. I thought how great it would be to have your own pool so you could tan anytime. She spread her towel and lay down, putting on her sunglasses and turning on the radio. From the way the sun was, she was lying facing our house, and I couldn’t help but notice how good she looked in her bikini. I thought I kept myself in shape, but she definitely could fill out her suit. I smiled to myself and left the room. I could still hear the music from her radio and after a bit, I heard one of my favorite songs. I went back into Bill’s office and looked out the window again. Sheila was putting suntan lotion on, her skin glistening as the sun shone on her tan skin. She rubbed the lotion on her shoulders and upper chest – her hands then went to her bikini ties at her neck and back, and her top was quickly dropped onto the deck beside her, exposing her large breasts to the sun.
I was surprised at what I saw, but this was evidently not something new to her, since her breasts were just as tan as the rest of her body. I watched intently as her hands rubbed the lotion over and over her breasts until they were shiny, and I saw her fingers pulling at her nipples until they were rock hard. I felt my own nipples getting hard as I watched her, and without thinking, I let one of my hands run over my cutoff t-shirt until I could feel my hard nipples underneath. I suddenly was very horny and wished that Bill was home with me.
I watched as Sheila lay back in her chair, and after a moment or two, her hand moved back to one of her breasts and began to stroke it. Her other hand soon followed, and her hands were quickly cupping the large mounds, rubbing them over and over, and her fingers began teasing her nipples. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing, much less continuing to watch, but I let my hand slip under my shirt until it was covering my left breast. My nipple was so hard, and my fingers began to pull at it. My eyes never left Sheila as she continued playing with her own breasts. I suddenly got the urge to remove my shirt, and quickly slipped it over my head. As I dropped it onto Bill’s desk, I looked down and looked at my 36B breasts with the hard nipples sticking out farther than I had ever remembered. Even after a couple of kids, I was lucky enough to have breasts that were still firm, but nothing compared to the ones I saw next door. Both of my hands quickly covered my breasts, and my fingers began to pull on both nipples as my eyes looked back down at Sheila.
Her nipples were so long and hard, and I watched closely as one hand continued to pull on them, and her other hand began to move down her stomach. When it reached her suit, I saw her run it over the front of her suit, over her thigh, and then back to the front of her suit as her legs seemed to open a little wider. Her hand moved to the top of her suit, and then slowly slipped under the waistband. As her hand moved inside, her legs moved wider apart. I couldn’t believe what I was watching, but I could not take my eyes off of her, and I moved one of my hands down my own body until I was slowly rubbing the front of my shorts. It felt really good, and a brief thought went through my mind that I was supposed to be cleaning, but that thought quickly left as I was feeling soooo good.
I watched as Sheila removed her hand from her suit, and I felt a twinge of disappointment. It didn’t last long as I saw her hook her fingers in her suit and push it down her legs and it was quickly on the deck with her top. She lay back again, as I couldn’t believe that she was completely nude, and as her hand moved back between her legs, I noticed that she was completely shaved! I kept myself trimmed very short, but her completely bare look was totally awesome. Her fingers rubbed herself over and over as her legs spread wider. This was so hot; I soon slipped my hand inside my shorts and quickly met a completely soaked crotch. My fingers ran over my hard clit, and I easily slipped a finger inside myself. I moaned softly, but reminded myself that the window was open so I better be quiet. I looked back at Sheila and her hand was moving faster and faster between her legs, and a couple of fingers kept disappearing into her pussy. Her other hand kept squeezing her breast, and my own hands were imitating her actions.
My fingers were beginning to move faster and faster inside my shorts as did hers, and my nipples were aching from my other hand pulling on them. Suddenly Sheila’s legs spread as wide as they could as I heard her moan and evidently begin to come. Her sounds pushed me over the edge as well as my fingers plunged deep into my pussy as my orgasm rushed over me. I moaned perhaps too loudly, and I put my hand over my mouth to muffle the sound. My eyes closed and my knees were weak as I convulsed over and over again, thankfully I was leaning against the desk. When my eyes opened again, I saw that Sheila was collapsed in her chair, her fingers still slowly stroking the wetness between her legs. I saw her bring her hand to her mouth and her tongue flick out and lick the juices from her fingers. I brought my own hand up to my mouth and did the same. I hadn’t tasted myself in a long time and was quickly reminded how much I enjoyed it.
Sheila stood up and I watched her nude body walk into her house. As I sat down for a moment, I realized what had just happened, and how turned on I had been. I hadn’t been that hot in a long, long time. I smiled to myself at how sneaky I felt by watching Sheila, but also how good it had felt. I just hoped she hadn’t heard or seen me – after all, the window was not that far away. I slipped off my shorts and walked my naked body to the shower. I couldn’t help but replaying the scene over and over in my mind as I showered, and it wasn’t long until I had brought myself to another orgasm. I finally forced myself out of the shower, and as I dried off and slipped my shorts and shirt back on, I found myself wondering if I would be able to see Sheila out by the pool again.
I had just finished drying my hair when I heard the doorbell ring……