The Present
- I
Sat Sep 1, 2007 16:0871.138.139.119

Hazel was mad. Who on earth would send her a red lacy strapless bra and thong 
set? If it is someone from this company, I will have them fired. I will also 
have them arrested for lewd conduct, she fumed. She wanted to find who was 
behind this and make them pay. 

Entering the Sluts ‘r us store from where this was purchased, she felt like 
she was in a twilight zone episode. She passed a woman dressed in cut off 
shorts and top which had the words – ‘Slut and proud of it’ across her braless 
boobs. This company goal seems to be to make ‘Slut’, a word to be proud of. In 
less than a year, their stores were doing record business according to 
Business Week.

Part of the reason for their success was their insane business plan. You could 
not walk into a store and just buy the lingerie. It was like one of the old CD 
clubs. Sign up for free, get 12 CDs free and your credit card is billed when 
they send you a CD every month. Sluts ‘r us operated on a very similar model 
but you could also go in and pick up what you wanted every month. 

They also boasted of the bleeding edge computer systems. All the items were 
individually tagged. All you had to tell them the item id number and they 
would be able to re-order and ship another item in your size, the same day. No 
need to give them your size, address, or any other information again.

The Business world raved on the idea of converting a one time lingerie 
purchase into a subscription model. Their stock had sky rocketed and they were 
opening a new store every week.

She felt like an old lady, even though she was only 29, dressed in her gray 
business suit. While she had been blessed by a figure that was better than 
some of these floozies here, she wasn’t about to reveal it to any Tom, Dick 
and Harry. I have never seen so many men in a lingerie store before, she 
thought. 

She went over her game plan. Every mission needs a plan. She could not march 
in there and demand to know the name of the person who purchased this trashy 
thong set and sent it to her. Stupid Privacy laws protected that jerk. What 
was required was a touch of feminine subtlety. 

Her plan was very simple. Act like her boyfriend purchased this as gift for 
her and she wanted to exchange it. They would have to pull up the purchase 
records on this set and she would have found her man. May God have mercy on 
him after that, she thought. 

After a 10 minute wait and listening to inept conversations between the bimbos 
in front of her and scrawny sales guy who looked like teenager, she came face 
to face with him.

“I would like to return this”, she told him in a firm voice.

“What the reason”, he asked her. She felt the sales clerk eyeing her.

Hazel was slightly disoriented with the response. She expected him to take it, 
no questions asked and move on the phase II of her plan. She managed to 
mutter, “Doesn’t fit”

The Sales guy was holding the bra and knickers in front of her and eyeing her 
again. She felt herself being stripped and felt a chill going through her 
body. 

“I think this should fit you perfectly. There is no reason for a return”, he 
asserted. 

“Look they don’t fit”, she argued.

“Unless, you can prove it by wearing them, I can’t do anything”, and he moved 
to call the next customer. 

Hazel felt the opportunity slipping away and said, “Ok. I will try them in the 
dressing room. You can send one of your female staff to verify”

Hazel could not believe that she had actually offered to try the set on. 
Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. For some reason, this young cocky guy had managed to 
disorient her. Coming to the changing rooms, she figured out why there were so 
many guys in a lingerie store.

The changing rooms were a set of cubicles that had a mirror on the back wall 
and curtain in the front. Instead of being full length, the curtains started 3 
feet above the floor and ended 4.5 feet high. She could see the almost see the 
boobs of the ditzy blonde and was sure that the guy sitting on a nearby bench 
has a good view of her .... Where did that language come from, she wondered.

The blonde also left a gap in the curtain and the men were ogling her yummy 
body. Another one, a brunette came out to show her boyfriend her blue thong 
and seemed to have forgotten to put on her bra. Her boyfriend took his time 
running his hands around her butt and other guys eyes were popping out.




The Present - II
Sat Sep 1, 2007 16:1771.138.139.119

This is really the twilight zone. I got to get out of here but found her way 
blocked by the scrawny sales clerk. This time she read his name, Cody. 

“I can’t change here. There is no privacy”, she mumbled.

“Nonsense”, he said holding her arm and dragged her and pushed her in an open 
cubicle , “You women in your business suits think you are special. What have 
you got that the other bimbos haven’t. Ok, I will stand outside and guard. Get 
done quickly and don’t waste my time”, he ordered.

She wanted to argue on the value of his time compared to her time but no words 
came to her mouth. She found herself inside a cubicle and noticed that there 
was no hooks to hang her clothes only a small box on the floor titled 
valuables.

Let’s get this done quickly and move on to phase II of my plan, she thought, I 
still want to find out who the hell is behind this.

She started to block her mind out to all the men ogling her and quickly 
removed her clothes, dropping them into the box. Closing her eyes, she removed 
her conservative white bra and put her hands in the waistband of her white 
knickers and pulled it down. 

Just then, She realized that she did not have to end up in the nude. She could 
have opened lingerie set and taken off her old bra and put the new bra on and 
repeated the same thing with her knickers. What is in this store that makes 
women behave like bimbos. 

She noticed that she had gathered a fair bit of admirers who had appreciative 
glances. She quickly put on the lacey red bra and thong knickers. She looked in 
the mirror. She could see her nipples and bush clearly thanks to the 
semi-transparent lacey material. 

Unfortunately, they were a perfect fit. She never had a bra and panty fit so 
perfectly. They felt that they were painted on her.

She called Cody to ask him to send a female associate but he pushed back the 
curtain and dragged her out and in front of the larger mirror before she could 
object.

“Let take a good look at you. Stand up straight”, he ordered

Pushing a hand into her back that caused her breast to jut out more. She was 
still in a state of shock and could not believe the woman in the mirror was 
actually her. God, She was standing in her heels in a bra and panty designed 
to show off rather than hide her bits.

Even though he looked like a kid, Cody had a commanding presence. She felt her 
knees grow weak and looked at her image in front of the mirror. She did look a 
like a slut standing there with all the men ogling her goods. 

Cody in the meantime was running his hands all over her. “I think this bra is 
perfect for your 36C boobs”, he told her, inserting a couple of fingers inside 
to tweak her nipples, “And your nipples stand out quite well”.

His touch sent shivers down her spine and her nipples never felt so hard 
before. She felt herself getting wet and knew she was losing control on this 
situation. Sluts ‘r us was converting her into a slutty bimbo.

Spanking her butt, he chuckled, “Let’s check the bottoms now. Not that there 
is lot of fabric to check”. He rubbed her butt cheeks and then inserted his 
hand in the front between her legs. Holding the fabric, he started rubbing her 
bush and clit. 

Hazel had to suppress a moan. She was soaked down there and was certain that 
her knees were not going to hold her up for long. All she wanted now was some 
privacy, so that she could plunge her fingers into a her pussy and take care 
of her needs.

“Ok. As I said before, you were lying about the fit. You are just another slut 
who wanting to parade around here in front of leeching eyes.”, he laughed. 

The men watching also joined in the laughter admiring Cody complete handing of 
her.

She could not think of a good response and held her head in shame. She wanted 
to get out of here as soon as possible. 

“But, since we always love good entertainment. I will have you try another 
set”, he continued unsnapping her bra and bending down behind her, he inserted 
his fingers into the waistband of the knickers and pulled it down.

Even though they were not hiding much before, she used her hands to cover her 
bush and breast as best she could and turned a full shade of red. 

“Ain’t that cute, the lady blushes beautifully”, Cody laughed again. 

Cody stood up and Hazel took the chance to dash into her cubicle and pulled 
the curtain as best she could. Screw the person who sent me the lingerie. Time 
to put on my suit and get out of here. 

She bent down to pick up her knickers, which brought an appreciative ahhs from 
the guys outside. 

Cody told her from outside, “I am going to select another lingerie set for you 
to try on. Just give me a minute”

Was this guy daft. After what he put me though, he wants to repeat the 
process. Just as she was putting her old knickers up, she realized the she was 
so soaked that these knickers would get immediately and she would be 
uncomfortable for all her afternoon meetings. She dropped her knickers back in 
the box, picked up her purse, pulled out her tissues and started to rub them 
on her pussy to dry up the wetness. 

Hearing the appreciative noises from outside, she thought, you guys want a 
show, here it is. She turned around and started wiping her pussy. Wiping it, 
had the unfortunate side effect of making her more horny, since she ended up 
rubbing her clit which seemed to be all swollen and red.

Cody interrupted her by dumping a new brown bra-panty set into her hands and 
told her to wear it quickly. Hazel snapped out of her haze and looked at the 
new brown set. It seemed to have less material than the previous one and was 
even more see though.

Her mind screamed at her, Last chance to leave before you end up as a total 
slut. Get your clothes on and get out of here. 

Her clit and nipples ached and seem to be begging her to continue the show. 
She had never been so horny in her life. Heck one of her dates had called her 
an impassionate bitch, when she slapped him after he tried to feel her up.

She picked up her own bra and panty and heard the sighs of her disappointed 
audience outside.

A couple of seconds later, she made a life changing decision.

Dropping her own bra and knickers into the box, she pushed back the curtain and 
went outside. She handed the brown bra-panty set back to Cody. 

Watching Cody’s dropped jaw staring at her wearing just her heels, she told 
him, “Brown isn’t really my color. Do you have something in blue, to match my 
eyes”






 