A gentle summer breeze drifts into the darkened bedroom. The sounds of nightfall began to slip in through the open window. The sound of chirping crickets happily calling to each other. He lay quietly in the darkness, smoking a cigarette. Tilting his head, he looked down appreciatively at her thick auburn hair, framing her beautiful face as she slumbered peacefully, using his chest as a pillow. His mind rolled back for what seemed like the millionth time. Trying to see through the fog enveloping his memory. Having lost the last twenty-four hours without a hint of what may have happened or where he had been.
It was Friday night, another no name bar in another no name town that had become the mainstay of his nomadic existence. The bar was dark and the music way too loud for the size of the room. The overpowering odors of stale beer, sweat and cheap perfume assaulted his senses. He sat in the corner, his back to the wall, sipping another scotch and rummaged around the pockets of his worn leather jacket. The jacket was showing it's age, its brown dye worn away in places, its surface cracked and scraped. Yet, it was comfortable and as comforting as a second skin.
Pulling out a smoke, his eyes scanned the seedy establishment inhabited by the standard compliment of clichés. There was the balding overweight bartender in his stained white tee shirt, the old rummies at the end of the bar arguing about the score of some long forgotten sporting event. The aging floozy, with the big hair, too much make up and way too tight clothing swaying dangerously on her barstool while drunkenly slurring the lyrics to another bad country ballad, trying in vain to catch his eye. And of course the pack of good old boys shooting pool and generally raising hell at the back of the room.
As he took another sip of his scotch he unfolded his worn and stained map, looking at it with a slight sadness in his blue gray eyes. A finger slowly traced another road he had yet to travel.
He looked up, mildly amused as the drunken woman with the big hair staggered past. She was attempting what she imagined was her best hip roll. But came off more as a human pinball as she bumped into a chair or two and bounced off the sides of tables on her way to the little ladies room to powder her nose or pass out, whichever came first.
His eyes went icy as he fought down the urge to attack when the boys in the back hurled crude remarks after her, laughing and sneering. He took another sip of scotch and pulled his graying hair into a ponytail. He grinned inwardly to himself. He knew he was not an old man, but by no means a young one either but resigned himself to the fact that before the night was over he would probably end up tangling with one or more of the boys in the back.
Suddenly she was there. Slipping into the bar with all the subtlety of a lightning strike. She made no noise, but the black mini dress, thick auburn hair cascading over her shoulders, six-inch heels and the fact that she was drop-dead gorgeous, stopped everyone dead. She glanced his way as she passed his table, the faintest hint of a coy smile tugged at the corner of those full luscious lips.
Crossing to the bar, she leaned over slightly to order a drink, her perfect little behind pushed slightly out. The hemline of her dress stopped just below the gentle curve of her tight little bottom. The scene stirred animalistic instincts within him and caused him to slowly run his tongue along the edge of his sharp teeth.
Getting her drink, she asked the now flustered bartender if he sold cigarettes. The bartender stood there as though thunderstruck but finally nodded his head toward the cigarette machine at the back of the room.
She turned slowly and looked around the room. Their eyes met momentarily as he watched her over the rim o' his nearly empty glass of scotch. What? Was that a wink? The light was dim but he could almost swear that she winked at him. Nah, what would a knockout like her possibly see in his raggedy ass?
Taking another sip of his scotch, he watched as she pushed herself away from the bar and strode to the back of the room. As she moved through the room, the way she walked, her alluring scent drifted over him as she passed, setting his body on fire.
He suddenly realized that the good old boys were dangerously silent and a few had sickening leers painted on their faces as she approached the cigarette machine behind the pool table.
Time slowed almost to a standstill. He could see every movement in sharp detail, almost as if in slow motion. He heard each coin cycle through the machine as if they were hammers beating on a sheet of steel. Her hand wrapped around the selector lever followed by a loud thunk as she gave it a yank. The swish of the pack as it slid into the tray. Time passed in what seemed like years as she bent to retrieve the cigarettes.
One of the men stepped up behind her, wrapping an arm around her waist, lifting her into the air. Her scream of surprise was slowed to what seemed like a low long, wail. He deposited her onto the pool table and forced himself between her thighs. One of his buddies pinned her hands over her head. The rest of the crowd circled cheering and shouting obscenities.
He glanced at the bartender for his reaction and was shocked to see him sadly turn his back and busy himself with some meaningless task behind the bar. The two old rummies hung their heads in shame and looked away. Looking back at the pool table, he could see that they were tearing her clothes off and preparing to gang rape her. His muscles and tendons coiled in preparation as he sprang out of his chair, crossing the room in a split second.
The man between her wildly flailing legs never knew what hit him as a fist drove into his temple dropping her attacker like a two hundred pound rock.
Growling, he turned on her next assailant, his vision blurred into a sheet of blood red as vicious snarl and a rumbling growl thundered through the tiny bar. That was the last thing he could remember of the evening.
As he lay there in bed, he felt the chill run up his spine again, remembering how the newscaster grimly reported the news of the massacre at the bar during the evening news. Shuddering as pictures of the county coroner rolling out the yellow plastic covered bodies flashed through his mind again. Afraid because he didn't remember what occurred after he attacked her first assailant.
She stirred in his arms. Her lips tenderly kissing his chest, her tongue teasing his nipple. Looking up into his eyes and smiling, she said "I never got to thank you properly for what you did for me." Rolling on top of him she stretched her body out atop his. She kissed him passionately. Her soft flesh pressed against his.
Wrapping his arms around her, pulling her tight against him. Kissing her, while allowing his strong hands to caress her back, the gentle curve of her bottom, squeezing it hard.
She emitted a low moan into his mouth in response. Grinding her pelvis against his, she kissed and sucked his neck passionately, wildly. His hand slipped around a perfectly contoured ass cheek and between her creamy thighs, fingers brushing against delicate nether lips slick with her moist essence. She moaned into his mouth, grinding her hips into his as the passion built into a blaze.
He grasped her sides gently but firmly, lifting her slightly, taking her breast into his mouth. His tongue swirled around her erect nipple. Sucking it, biting it, causing her to gasp and shudder, sending a new shower of moisture flowing over his exploring fingers. His hands wrapped around her hips as he slid down the bed, repositioning himself between her soft supple thighs.
She stretched herself upright, breath faltering as his lips brushed against her sex. Her fingers tangled in his thick hair, pulling his mouth tight against her smooth shaven mound.
His tongue slipped between the tender lips, stretching her, filling her, causing her to moan deeply, grinding her sex into his mouth as he attempted to devour her. He bit down gently with sharp teeth on those silken petals, sucking each in turn. His mouth seeking and finding the sensitive little bundle of nerves. Swirling his tongue around it, sucking it. He caused her to convulse uncontrollably at the sheer pleasure he was administering. He held her by the hips to steady her, running his tongue from the gentle curve of her mound to her most private of secrets, and back, lapping her rapidly. Slipping his inquisitive tongue into her tight sheath, she began to pump and ride his thrusting tongue.
She reached back behind her, wrapping her slim fingers around his manhood. Feeling it throb hotly in her palm caused her to loose a small breathless moan as his tongue thrust deeply into her.
Gripping her undulating hips he pulled her further into his ravenous mouth, his hips raising slightly as she stroked and pumped her hand along his length.
She threw her head back, hair flying in disarray as her orgasm began to boil over. Her body tensed as his tongue slipped out to swirl around the tiny opening of her tight little rosebud.
He pressed slightly to test the resistance of the tiny opening and her resolve. She responded by grinding against his mouth, forcing his tongue deeply into her. Squeezing her soft tight cheeks, separating them, he drove his hot wet tongue deeper into the tight confines of her gorgeous ass. He continued thrusting into her as she gasped through another orgasm.
She bounced off of his face and slams her pelvis onto his. Pure lust flashing through her unfocused eyes. Rocking her hips as she slid her soaking sex along his shaft until she find the blunt tip. Moaning deeply, she impaled herself on his iron like manhood. Taking him completely within the hot velvet like grip of her sex, causing him to moan and gasp aloud. A wild, feral lust took over as she thrusts her hips against his, harder and harder, faster and faster.
Grasping her hip, he pumped his pelvis into hers. Her juices flowed, soaking him as her ass slapped wetly against his thighs.
Digging her nails into his shoulders as she ground her mound against the base of his manhood, grabbing him by the hair and pulling him to her breast.
His lips and teeth enveloped her nipple, sucking and biting. Squeezing the rocking cheeks of her ass with one hand, the other taking a soft breast, mauling its soft flesh, tweaking and pinching the hard erect nipple in the process.
She let out a hoarse whisper, "yesssss" and urged him on breathlessly. She slammed her sex down atop his throbbing shaft. Taking him deeper and faster, as she begged him to make her come again.
He sat up suddenly and rolled her onto her back causing her to raise her glistening thighs high on his hips and legs crossing at the small of his back. He began to thrust deeply, his testicles slapping wetly against her now upraised bottom.
She began to shudder underneath him, legs wrapped around his waist, her creamy thighs gripping him tightly. Her mouth forming a tight little o as her orgasm flashed through her like a jolt of electricity. Thrashing her head from side to side, hair flying, she dug her heels into him, forcing him deeper. Her sex fluttering, squeezing him, she slowly went lax as her orgasm ebbed.
Slowing his thrusts to a gentle grind, he rested his weight on his outstretched arms, gazing into her eyes. He noticed a wildness there that he had not seen before. This pleased him immensely. Kissing her softly, she moaned deeply and told him she wanted to be filled with his essence. Slipping out of her slowly, he rolled to the edge of the bed taking her with him.
As he sat on the edge of the bed, she quickly straddled his lap. Grasping his hard, slick shaft she guided the blunt tip of his spear and slowly sat, impaling herself. Her thighs began to shake slightly as her stamina began to wane.
He reached under her thighs so that they rested over his forearms, grasping her ass cheeks in his strong hands and rocked her gently against his pelvis, causing her to bury her face in his neck, gasping in pleasure. He stood slowly as she wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs tightly about his waist. Raising and lowering her slowly, nipping and kissing the exposed flesh of her throat he began walking slowly. He walked carefully across the room, out through the French doors, and into the cool night air all the while gently raising and lowering her on his impaling shaft.
Moonlight washed over them, causing her skin to glow and her hair shine darkly. Her hips rolled against his, moaning deeply, her breath came in short gasps, almost as if panting.
His passion mounted, knowing he was close to climax he began to thrust and grind deeper. Looking into her unfocused eyes, he noticed a slight glow to them. Exciting and startling him at the same time.
His mind flashed back to the bar, he remembered whirling and snarling after slamming his fist into the side of the first clown's head. He'd caught a glimpse out of the corner of his eye as the pool stick flashed toward his head. One of them had knocked him unconscious before the change could take effect. As he fell sideways, he remembered that terrifying growl that tore through the bar.
Feeling his passion reach it's peak, he thrust into her one final time, feeling the white hot heat wash over his shaft as he flooded her spasming sheath. He grunted and bared his fangs at the sudden ice-cold shock like that of a razor cut when her fangs sank deeply into his shoulder. He loosed a purring growl when he realized that it was not he that had slaughtered those bar patrons. He slowly lowered her to the ground and drew her down onto the cool grass with him.
As they lay catching their breath he looked into her feral, lupine eyes and heard her growl softly... "Thank you."