Bound to Please {Titmouse} (MMF,rape)
-------------------------------------
WARNING NOTICE: 
 
   The following story is erotic fiction and includes 
descriptions of explicit sex.  If you are a minor or
if such things may offend you, quit reading now.
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

                  Bound to Please

                    by Titmouse
           (C)1997, All Rights Reserved



	Jack and I had waited patiently in the van for 
almost an hour, smoking cigarettes and sipping at a 
couple of beers but careful not to drink enough to lose 
an edge.  These things require a bit of wit.  There had 
been a couple of possibles, but both times we had 
decided that circumstances were not quite right.
	Finally, our patience was rewarded.  Dusk had 
turned almost to night, and most of the cars were gone 
from the parking lot.  We saw a woman jogger turn into 
the park and pad her way along the well-lighted 
footpath.
	"Looks pretty good," Jack said.
	"Yeah," I said.  "Let's go."
	Jack slipped out of his seat and into the van 
interior, then out the open side door.  I slid out from 
under the steering wheel and followed him outside.  Jack 
walked briskly about 20 feet away to stand under a 
street light, holding a map in his hand and acting like 
he was trying to read it, his back to the van.  The 
footpath passed behind the van.  I stood near the rear 
wheel, concealed from the approaching jogger.  I opened 
the plastic bag and grabbed the large gauze pad, 
smelling the faint medicinal smell of chloroform from 
the open bag.
	It worked just as we had planned.  The girl 
approached, her attention focused on Jack, who was far 
enough away to seem no threat.  There was no one else in 
sight.  I slipped the pad out of the bag.
	Just as the jogger passed the back of the van, I 
reached out and caught her around the shoulders with my 
left arm.  With my other hand, I reached around and 
clamped the chloroformed pad over her mouth and 
nostrils.  She let out a muffled shriek and struggled as 
I pulled her back against my chest.  I dragged her 
backward toward the open van door, keeping her off 
balance.
	Jack was already moving toward us.  He bent down 
and encircled both the woman's legs.  She jerked as he 
lifted her feet off the ground, but he had her legs 
clamped tightly in his arms.  We kept moving to the van. 
When my legs struck the open side, I let myself sink 
backward to a sitting position, then rolled her onto the 
floor of the van, keeping the pad tightly over her mouth 
and nose.  She was gasping, trying to get more air, and 
every success she had pulled the chloroform into her 
lungs.  She was already weakening.
	Following me into the van, Jack swung the side door 
shut, then helped me hold her down.  She tried to twist 
her head away from my hand, but it was no use.  After a 
few moments that seemed like much longer, she stopped 
struggling.  A moment later, her entire body relaxed.  
She was out.
	"I'm going to take the pad away," I whispered to 
Jack.  "Keep an eye on her."
	Slowly I pulled the pad away from her face.  There 
was no change.  The whole thing, from the time we had 
first spotted her until she was unconscious on the floor 
of the van, had taken less than a minute.
	"Help me get the gag on her," I told Jack.  It was 
the first chance I'd had to really look at our captive. 
She was very pretty, with short, dark brown hair.  I 
couldn't tell much about her body except that she was 
slim but well built.
	I grabbed the folded sock that we had prepared and 
pushed it into her mouth.  There was no resistance.  
Jack slid an arm under her shoulders and raised her head 
off the floor so that I could wrap masking tape around 
her head several times to keep the gag in place.  Then I 
put the navy watch cap over her head and unrolled it all 
the way down, covering most of her face.
	"Let's get going," I said.  "I can do the rest 
myself."  Jack slid into the driver's seat, started the 
engine, and pulled out of the parking lot.  As we 
entered the street next to the park, he waited a second, 
then turned on the headlights.  I looked out the back of 
the van.  There was nobody behind us.
	"Looks clear from up here," Jack said, his voice 
trembling slightly.  "We did it!"
	"Yeah," I said, "Now just drive calmly and coolly 
until we get to your place."
	Jack seemed excited but under control.  I turned 
back to the girl.  Rolling her onto her stomach, I 
crossed her wrists behind her and wrapped a length of 
cotton rope around and around them.  Then I put her 
ankles together and did the same with another piece.  I 
rolled her onto her side and checked her breathing.  She 
seemed okay.
	Jack's place was two suburban cities away, but 
there were no apparent boundaries between one and the 
next, just continuous sections of residences separated 
by occasional sections of small businesses.  It was 
rapidly getting darker now that the sun had set, and we 
slid along through the quiet evening.  We were climbing 
slightly toward the city where Jack lived.
	At an intersection of two main streets, we turned 
left, then right, then left again onto a smaller street. 
Jack's house was two blocks down on the left.  As we 
neared his driveway, he punched the button on his garage 
door opener, and it began to slide upward.  Jack slowed 
to turn into the driveway, then pulled inside the 
garage, punched the garage door button again to close 
it, and cut the engine.  I had been watching the woman 
the entire time.  She hadn't moved.
	When the garage door was down, Jack slid out the 
driver side door and came around to open the sliding 
side door from outside.  Together, we dragged the woman 
to the door.  Then Jack slipped his arms under hers and 
lifted her head and shoulders out.  I took her legs and 
followed.
	We had to swing around so that I could open the 
door into the house.  We had left it unlocked, but Jack 
couldn't support the woman's upper body with just one 
hand.  I tucked her legs under one arm and freed a hand 
to open the door.  When I turned back, Jack had 
relocated his hands.  His arms were still under hers, 
but both his hands were cupping her breasts.
	"Nice," he said, waggling his eyebrows.  "Sports 
bra."
	We carried her down into the basement and into the 
special room Jack and had built there.  The woman 
groaned as we lifted her onto the narrow table that 
occupied the center of the room.
	"We'd better get her strapped down," I said.  "I 
think she's starting to wake up."
	Working quickly, we cut through the cotton rope 
around her wrists and legs with a pair of scissors and 
pulled the pieces away.  Jack raised her arms and 
buckled each wrist to the upper corners of the table.  I 
did the same with her ankles at the lower corners.  
There was no resistance from the woman.
	I picked up two ski masks from a side table and 
handed one to Jack.  We both pulled them over our heads. 
Then, picking up two cloth pads, I stood near her head. 
Jack pulled the watch cap up and I slapped the pads 
over her eyes.  While I held them in place, Jack used 
surgical tape to wrap around her head several times.  
The woman groaned again, but remained limp.  I was sure 
she was still out.
	It was my first chance to really look at her.  She 
was a young woman, in her early 20's, and quite 
attractive, although the tape around her head and the 
sock in her mouth were not particularly flattering.  
Even through the sweatshirt and matching pants, it was 
clear that she had a good body -- trim waist above 
flaring hips, and breasts that held their shape and rose 
from her chest even though she was lying on her back.
	"Looks like we did good," I said.
	"Yeah," Jack agreed.  "This oughta be great.  She's 
a lot prettier than the last one."
	We pulled off the ski masks.  There was no need for 
them now that her eyes were properly blindfolded.
	"Let's take a break," I said.  "She should be 
waking up soon."

	After coffee and cigarettes in the kitchen 
upstairs, we headed back down into the basement.  The 
girl had moved -- I could tell by the way her sweatshirt 
was pulled up along one side -- although she held still 
as we came down the stairs and into the room.  I knew 
she was awake.  There's a difference in tension between 
an unconscious, completely relaxed body and one with a 
mind in control of it.  She was holding still, but I 
knew.
	I walked up to the table near her head.  Jack 
circled around to the opposite side.
	"Hello, sweetheart," I said in the husky whisper I 
always use for these things.  She didn't move.  "I know 
you're awake," I said.  "If you can hear me, nod your 
head."
	She still didn't move.  I nodded at Jack.  He 
reached down to her fanny and gave it a hard pinch.  She 
jerked away in surprise and gave a muffled yelp.
	"Look, sweetheart," I said, "I know it's a cliche, 
but there are two ways we can do this -- easy or hard.  
The easy way is that you cooperate, do what we tell you, 
and come out of it in good shape.  The hard way is that 
you fight us and don't cooperate and don't come out in 
such good shape.  Either way, we're going to get our 
way.  Do you understand?"
	She didn't move for a moment, and Jack, 
anticipating my nod, gave her another hard pinch.  She 
yelped again and tried to move away from Jack's hand.  
When she realized that was impossible, she straightened 
her legs, pressing them flat against the table.  I 
leaned forward and slapped her face.
	I let her cry for a moment.  Then I said, "A pinch 
isn't much, sweetheart, and neither is a slap.  You need 
to understand we're serious.  DO YOU UNDERSTAND?"
	This time she nodded quickly.  I put my hand 
against her cheek and she flinched away.
	"Don't be so frightened, sweetheart," I told her.  
"I'm going to touch you with a lot more than my hand 
before we're done, but, if you're a good girl, you won't 
be hurt."  I stroked her cheek with my hand.
	"Now, I'd like to take the gag out of your mouth.  
I know it must be uncomfortable.  But we need to get 
something straight.  The first is that you are not going 
to scream or anything, because I will have to hurt you 
if you do.  The other is that it wouldn't do you any 
good, anyway.  Nobody can hear you here."  I waited a 
moment.  She didn't move.  "So, if I take out the gag, 
are you going to be good?"
	After a pause, she nodded her head.  I looked up at 
Jack, and he handed me the scissors.
	"Hold still, now," I said.  "This is a sharp pair 
of scissors and I don't want to cut you accidentally."
	She held her head stiffly while I slid the point of 
the scissors under the tape that held the sock in her 
mouth and clipped it away.  With a quick move, I 
stripped it away from her cheeks, then grabbed the end 
of the sock and pulled it out of her mouth.
	She gasped and breathed heavily through her mouth 
for a moment, sucking air into her lungs.  She also 
tried to spit some fuzz out.
	"Would you like a drink?" I asked.  She nodded her 
head and then, realizing her mouth was no longer gagged, 
she said faintly, "Yes."
	Jack handed me the water bottle we had prepared, 
one of plastic ones used by runners.  I slipped the cap 
off and touched the sipper top to her lips.  She sucked 
on it greedily.  I let her have as much as she wanted.  
We'd dissolved a tranquilizer and a sedative in it -- 
not enough to dope her up, but enough to help her relax.
	"So, what's your name, sweetheart?" I asked.
	She hesitated a moment, then said "L-Lisa."
	"Okay, Lisa," I said, "now here's what's gonna 
happen.  My buddy and me are gonna fuck you."
	She jerked in recoil and said "No-o-o," but like 
she had known it all along.
	"Oh yes we are," I continued.  "I expect we'll do 
just about everything there is to do.  But we don't want 
to hurt you, and we won't unless you make us.  If you 
cooperate, you'll be outta here in a couple of hours, 
none the worse for it.  You might even have a little 
fun."
	Lisa didn't seem to think that was possible.  She 
whipped her head back and forth, whimpering "no" several 
times, and crying a little.
	"Mr. Jones," I said to Jack, "I think you should go 
first.  How about a little mouth action?"
	Lisa froze.  In the silence that followed my 
question, the rasp of Jack's zipper going down seemed 
unusually loud.  He moved up close to the narrow table 
near Lisa's head.  She turned away from him.
	"Turn your head to the right, Lisa," I said.  She 
tried to bury her face in the table's padding.  I 
grabbed a handful of her hair with my left hand and 
pulled her head up off the table, then cracked her hard 
across the face with my open right hand.  She tried to 
pull away, so I slapped her again.
	"You're not doing so well," I said over her cries. 
"I thought we had an understanding.  You're either 
gonna do what we tell you willingly, or we're gonna make 
you do it.  The only choice you have is whether it's 
gonna hurt."
	I let it sink in for a moment, then I said again, 
"Turn your head to the right, Lisa."
	She didn't do it right away.  First, she stopped 
pressing her head into the table, then slowly turned her 
head toward Jack's side of the table.  Jack had opened 
the button on his jeans and fished his half-hard penis 
out.  When Lisa's head was finally turned toward him, he 
touched the tip of her nose with the head of it and then 
moved it down to her lips.
	"Open your mouth, Lisa, and let Mr. Jones in," I 
said.  She relaxed her jaw.  Jack pushed forward and his 
dick slid about halfway in.  "Now, suck on it, 
sweetheart.  Make him feel good."
	Jack pulled back slightly and pressed forward 
again, sliding his cock deeper into Lisa's mouth.  She 
opened to accept him, keeping her lips tight around the 
shaft.  As he pulled back, I could see her cheeks 
hollow.  Jack looked at me, rolled his eyes and waggled 
his eyebrows.
	"That's better, Lisa," I told her.  "That's much 
better.  Now, use your tongue, sweetheart.  Give him a 
good blowjob!"
	Jack began to hunch back and forth, pushing his 
prick into Lisa's mouth and then slowly dragging it out 
until the head was just inside her lips, then pushing it 
back in again until most of it was in her mouth.  It 
popped out once, and the suction Lisa was applying made 
a little smack.  But she readily opened to him as he 
pressed forward again, letting him slide his now fully 
hard dick past her clutching lips and into her warm, 
sucking mouth cavern.
	"That looks like it feels good, Mr. Jones," I said. 
"Mind if I try it?"
	Jack gave me a wry look, pushed his cock deep into 
Lisa's mouth and waggled it around by rolling his hips 
before he slowly, reluctantly pulled back and dragged 
himself out from between her lips.  I moved around the 
table, unzipping my fly as I went, and took the place he 
had vacated.  I pulled out my prick with some 
difficulty, as it was rapidly stiffening.  As always, I 
couldn't help but notice that it was larger than Jack's, 
although I never said anything about it.  You have to be 
gentle with friends, and Jack was by no means small, 
just smaller than me.
	"Here you go, sweetheart," I said.  "Open wide!"
	I pressed the head of my cock against Lisa's lips, 
and she let me push it into her mouth without further 
prompting.  She gave a muffled "umpf" as the helmeted 
head pushed her jaw wider open than before, and took a 
deep breath through her nose.  The feel of her warm, 
moist mouth on my prick was wonderful.
	I pushed deeper, and she stretched to accommodate 
me, working her lips down the shaft until I felt the 
back of her throat with my cockhead.  Then I pulled back 
slowly.  Lisa clamped her lips around me and sucked.  
Then she used her tongue on the sensitive under side, 
whipping it back and forth.  It was clear that Jack's 
was not the first prick she had sucked.  This girl had 
had plenty of cocksucking experience.
	"That's very good, Lisa," I said.  "I think you've 
got the idea."  I pushed my prick in and out of her 
mouth rapidly several times.  The last time, I went too 
deep, gagging her.  I pulled back and let her recover, 
then pushed back in again.
	"You know, Mr. Jones, I think we could let one of 
Lisa's hands free so that she could hold on and do a 
better job," I said.  "Why don't you release her left 
hand?"
	As Jack moved around the table to the strap that 
bound her left wrist, I reminded Lisa that she was to 
behave.
	"Now, when we release your hand, please don't do 
anything stupid, Lisa," I said.  "Just take hold of my 
prick and be a good girl."
	Jack unfastened the strap on her left wrist.  Lisa 
pulled it down, stretching her around and rotating her 
wrist to get the kinks out.  Then, without being asked 
again, she reached up and wrapped her fingers around my 
cockshaft.
	"There," I said, "that's better.  You can use your 
hand to keep me from going too deep, so I won't choke 
you again."  I pushed forward, and she grasped my cock 
firmly.  Her hand butted up against her lips as I shoved 
my prick into her face.  I jerked it in and out several 
times, bumping my pelvis against her hand, and my cock 
went in only about half way.
	"See," I said, "isn't that better?  Now, use your 
hand to jack me off while you suck my cock, Lisa.  Slide 
your hand up and down my cock.  That's it.  Oh, yes, 
that's it.  Squeeze a little harder, though.  Yeah, like 
that!"
	The combination of her mouth and hand was 
delicious.  I pulled back far enough that my prick slid 
out of her mouth, but it was still wrapped in her slick, 
clutching fingers.  Then I shoved it forward, sliding 
through the grasping tunnel into her hot mouth, where 
Lisa sucked hard on the head and twisted around on the 
shaft.
	Her hand and mouth, working together, made a long, 
tight tunnel that slid back and forth on my cock.  I 
knew that if I kept this up much longer, I'd shoot a wad 
of cum down her throat, and I had other plans.  
Reluctantly, I pulled my dick out of Lisa's mouth.
	"Your turn again, Mr. Jones," I said.
	Jack had been slowly jacking his prick, standing 
near the head of table and watching me mouth-fuck Lisa. 
I moved toward the foot of the table and he took my 
place.  He slid his cock into her mouth.  Lisa reached 
up without being asked and grasped his shaft with her 
free hand.  Jack started pushing in and out, his eyes 
closed and a stupefied expression on his face.
	Feeling silly with my prick hanging out, I tucked 
it back into my pants, although I didn't bother zipping 
up.  Instead, I went back around to the other side of 
the table.  Lisa had gradually twisted onto her right 
shoulder so that she was lying almost on her side, 
facing away from me.
	"Now, don't get excited, sweetheart," I told her.  
"I'm gonna do some rearranging.  You just concentrate on 
giving Mr. Jones the best blowjob you can."  Lisa 
hesitated momentarily, then resumed her efforts, but 
there was a wariness to the way she held her body, as if 
she was fearing my touch.
	I didn't make her wait to find out what I meant.  I 
put my hand on her stomach and slid my hand under her 
sweatshirt, moving it up until I could cup a breast in 
my palm.  Lisa whimpered something around Jack's cock 
that might have been another meaningless "no," but I 
ignored it.  She continued to work her mouth and hand 
back and forth on the prick while I squeezed her tit.  I 
moved to the other one and stroked it, too.  I could 
feel her nipple hardening through the elastic material 
of her sports bra.
	I worked the sweatshirt up her torso until I could 
see the bottom of her covered breasts, then pulled up on 
the back of the shirt to look at the back strap of the 
bra.  As I suspected, it was one of the pull-on types 
with no clasps.  I picked up the scissors again.
	"Hold still a second," I said.  Both Jack and Lisa 
stopped moving.  I pulled outward on the strap, slid the 
lower blade under it, and then hacked at it several 
times until the strap parted with a snap.  Putting the 
scissors down, I reached around in front of her and 
lifted the bra away from her tits.  Jack started humping 
Lisa's face again, forcing her to resume her work.
	I pushed the sweatshirt and the bra up above Lisa's 
tits, so that they were fully exposed.  They were almost 
milk-white with blue veins running through them.  I 
cupped one of them and felt the nipple like a pebble 
against my palm.  The nipple seemed to get harder as I 
squeezed and stroked her breast.  I squeezed a nipple 
between my thumb and forefinger, rolling it from side to 
side and pulling out on it.  Lisa moaned around Jack's 
prick again, but I couldn't tell whether it was protest 
or passion.
	Leaning over the table, I licked the nearest 
nipple, flicking it with my tongue.  Then I sucked it 
into my mouth, pulling on it strongly.  Lisa moaned 
again.  This time, I was pretty sure she was getting 
turned on.  I nibbled at her tit, nipping it lightly 
with my teeth, then sucked on it some more.
	When I lifted my head, I could see that Lisa was 
not the only one who was getting turned on.  Jack was 
breathing heavily through his nose and plunging his cock 
faster and faster through Lisa's hand and into her 
smacking, sucking mouth.
	"Don't get carried away, Mr. Jones," I said, 
"unless you want to spend some time on the sidelines.  
Why don't you take a break?"
	Jack shoved his prick in and out several more 
times, then lurched back with a jerk of his hips.  His 
saliva-wet dick was rock hard and as red as his face, 
sticking out from his body and curving upward.  He 
braced himself on the table with both hands and huffed 
and puffed for a while, regaining control.
	Lisa lay on her side, her free hand curled near her 
mouth.  She was also breathing hard.  Putting a hand on 
her shoulder, I turned her onto her back.
	"Come and help me, Mr. Jones," I said.  "Let's get 
these pants off our little sweetheart."
	Before joining me at the foot of the table, Jack 
kicked off his shoes and pushed his pants down his leg, 
then stepped out of them.  He tucked his dick back in 
his underwear, pulling it back through the fly.  The 
elastic held it flat against his belly, a tube of hard 
meat outlined in white cotton.
	I reached up and grasped the material of Lisa's 
sweat pants at the waist, digging my fingers under the 
elastic to grasp her panties.  When I pulled down, I 
couldn't get them over her butt, and Lisa reached down 
instinctively to try to stop me.  I pushed her hand away 
brusquely.
	"Now, now, Lisa," I said.  "Let's not forget our 
agreement.  Lift your hips, sweetheart."
	Taking hold of her pants and panties again, I 
waited.  With a little whimper, she pushed down with her 
legs and lifted her fanny off the table.  I dragged the 
pants and panties over her hips and down past her knees. 
Lisa relaxed, but kept her thighs pressed together as 
best she could.
	"Hold her leg," I told Jack, moving my hands to the 
buckle around her left ankle.  He wrapped his hands 
around her ankle and pressed down.  I popped the buckle 
open and released the leg.  Then I grabbed Lisa's leg 
above her pants.  Jack grabbed the material and pull it 
over her foot.  Then he wrapped the strap around her 
ankle again and re-buckled it.  Lisa offered no 
resistance.  We repeated the process with her other leg. 
Jack dropped her pants and panties on the floor and 
kicked them out of the way.
	"While we're at it, we might as well take her top 
off," I said.
	We moved to the head of the table.  I pulled the 
sweatshirt sleeve and then the severed bra off Lisa's 
free arm.  I held her arm while Jack buckled it back to 
the corner of the table.  Then we repeated the process 
with her other arm.
	Lisa lay completely naked on the table.  Her pert, 
rose-tipped breasts stood out from her chest, rising and 
falling with her breath.  Her stomach was flat and her 
legs were firm.  Between her thighs, although she kept 
them as close together as she could, I could see the top 
of her slit peeking through her ample bush of dark hair.
	I ran a hand up the inside of her thigh, and Lisa 
clenched them together in some futile hope of protecting 
herself.  I pinched her hard and she squealed.
	"No," she said.  "Please don't!  Let me suck you 
instead."
	"Don't be silly, sweetheart," I told her.  "We 
haven't gone this far for nothing.  We're going to fuck 
you, both of us, and you might as well relax and enjoy 
it."
	I pushed my hand upward again, and Lisa reluctantly 
let it spread her thighs until my fingers brushed 
against the lips of her cunt.  I slid my middle finger 
up and down her crack, working my fingers into her.  
Jack moved to the other side and laid a hand on her 
belly, extending a finger to dip into the top of her 
cunt and twiddle her clitoris.  With his other hand, he 
massaged her breast.
	After a minute or so, I could feel the moisture 
building.  Like it or not, Lisa was getting excited by 
our manipulations of her cunt.  Her thighs relaxed and 
spread slightly.
	"That's better now, isn't it?" I asked.  She didn't 
say anything.  Stiffening my middle finger, I pushed it 
into her cunt, working it in all the way.  Lisa took a 
deep breath and moaned.
	"Don't kid me, now," I said.  "You like it, don't 
you?"
	"N-no," she said.  "No-o-o."
	"Tell me the truth, Lisa," I said.  "I know you're 
getting excited.  You can pretend that you don't want us 
to fuck you, but your pussy knows better."  I pushed my 
finger in and out of her hole.  Jack rolled a finger 
around and around on her clit, and she gave a whimpering 
moan in response.
	"Tell me you want me to fuck you, Lisa," I 
commanded.
	"N-no," she said.  "No, please."
	I looked at Jack.  "I guess she needs persuading, 
Mr. Jones.  Let's get out the Persuader."

	Jack let go of Lisa's tit and withdrew his finger 
from her clit reluctantly.  Turning around, he opened a 
drawer and pulled out a large vibrator that was covered 
by a rubber cock.  The whole thing was about a foot long 
and the head was about two inches in diameter.  The 
shaft was pebbled with raised dots.  Jack handed it to 
me, then resumed massaging Lisa's tit and clit.
	I moved the head of the rubber cock to her pussy 
and pushed the head between the lips.  Lisa flinched and 
tried to pull back, but there was nowhere to go.  
Lodging the head inside her pussy lips, I worked it up 
and down, coating it with her juices.
	"Please!" Lisa whimpered.  "Please don't."
	"Oh yes, sweetheart," I told her, "you're going to 
have a bout with our friend here."  I pushed the 
vibrator forward, turning it from side to side to help 
work it in.  The head began to stretch her cunt as it 
worked its way in.  Lisa cried out as she felt herself 
spread by the blunt, broad head of the fake cock.
	"Please," she cried.  "It hurts!"
	"It won't hurt for long, sweetheart," I said.  
"You'll get used to it.  You might even get to like it." 
I kept pushing forward, struggling to get the head 
inside her.  Lisa's thighs, which had clenched at first 
to try to resist the intruder, relaxed now.  She spread 
them in self-defense as the broad top forced its way 
into her cunt channel, trying to stretch herself to 
accommodate it.
	Once I got the head in, the rest was easy.  Lisa's 
thighs were spread as widely as she could now, and I 
shoved the vibrator forward into her cunt.  There was 
some resistance as the head pushed its way up her 
fucktube, but the shaft steadily disappeared until more 
than half of its length was inside her.  Then it hit 
solid resistance, and no amount of wiggling would get it 
any deeper.
	Lisa was beginning to pant, going "hnh-hnh-hnhh" as 
I pushed the vibrator into her pussy and taking deep, 
ragged breaths when I pulled it back.  Her cunt had 
stretched to accommodate the wide diameter of the pole I 
was shoving in and out of her.  The nubby rubber sleeve 
was wet with her juices.
	With a twist of my wrist, I turned the vibrator on 
full.  It let out a high-pitched hum that was echoed by 
a rising cry from Lisa.
	"Ooooh," she wailed, "ohhhh.  Oh, god, no!" I 
pushed the vibrator into her as deep as it would go, and 
she hunched her hips up to meet it, then jerked back and 
forth, fucking herself on it.
	"Oh-oh-oh," Lisa cried.  "Oh, no.  Oh, oh, YES!" 
With a shriek, she started cumming.  "Ohmigod.  Oh, yes, 
do it!  Please, push it in me!  Oh, god!"
	Her head whipped back and forth between her 
imprisoned hands, her mouth open and panting.  I kept 
shoving the humming vibrator deep into her cunt, 
dragging it out almost to the end, then cramming it down 
into her pussy again.  Lisa shuddered and wept and 
humped her hips up and down, meeting the inward plunges 
of the vibrating tool, then pulling back to drag the 
rough bumps of the sleeve along her pussy walls.
	Finally, she stopped humping on the vibrator and 
tried to withdraw.
	"Please," she cried.  "Please stop.  It's too much. 
No more.  Please!"
	I switched the vibrator off but left the shaft 
embedded in her cunt.  Lisa collapsed motionless, 
shuddering now and then, as her orgasm gradually faded. 
Then I pulled the shaft out of her pussy, causing more 
shudders and a moan.  I handed the vibrator to Jack, who 
set it on a nearby shelf.
	"Well, Mr. Jones," I told him, "I think she's about 
ready for you now."
	Lisa's head jerked up, trying to see us through her 
blindfolded eyes.
	"Oh, please don't!" she cried.  "Haven't you done 
enough to me?"
	"Sorry, sweetheart," I told her.  "That was just 
the first course.  Surely you don't want to leave the 
table until you've had the full meal?"
	Lisa didn't answer, just let her head fall back.  
She was crying quietly.  Meanwhile, Jack had moved to 
the foot of the table on which we had bound her.  Behind 
his white cotton underwear, his cock was straining at 
the fabric.  With a quick move, he shucked them down to 
his ankles and stepped out of them.
	Jack put a knee on the table and climbed onto it, 
pushing her knees apart with his.  Scooting them 
forward, he positioned himself between her thighs.  His 
cock jutted out, pointing at Lisa's bellybutton.
	"Oh, please," she cried.  "Please don't do this to 
me!  Let me suck you, Mr. Jones!  I'll do a good job, I 
promise!  I'll make you cum and I'll swallow it all.  
Please!"
	Jack said nothing.  Leaning on one hand, he grabbed 
his dick and pointed it at Lisa's pussy.  Then he 
gradually lowered himself until the head of his cock 
touched the slick lips of his bound target's fuck 
channel.
	Lisa jerked her hips to one side, spoiling his aim. 
With a growl, Jack let go of his prick and slapped her 
face.
	"Hold still, bitch!" It was the first time he had 
spoken.  We had agreed that he wouldn't say anything, 
but his frustration got the better of him.  He grabbed 
his cock and pushed forward again, this time managing to 
get the head firmly between Lisa's pussy lips and well 
started into her hole.
	Lisa hunched backward, trying to avoid penetration, 
but there was nothing she could do.  With two quick 
shoves, Jack slid into her pussy.  Working back and 
forth a few times to coat his cock with pussy juice, he 
sank it all the way into her and let his weight fall 
forward on her torso.
	"Ummmm," he said.  "That's great!"
	"Quiet, Mr. Jones," I warned him.  "Just enjoy 
yourself."
	Jack wasted no time in following my recommendation. 
He pulled his t-shirt up under his arms and slid his 
hands behind Lisa's shoulders, pressing her tits up 
against his chest.  He rolled his chest against hers, 
enjoying the feeling of her full breasts against him.  
Then he hunched backward and forward, pulling out and 
then driving his cock back into her cunt.
	I watched from the side as Jack shoved in and out 
of Lisa's pussy, the muscles on his back and ass 
rippling with his alternating movements.  Lisa's face 
was turned toward me.  At first, it was screwed up into 
a tight, pained grimace.  Gradually, though, she 
relaxed.
	At first, her expression was blank.  Then, slowly, 
her passion began to take over again, and her expression 
changed first to wonderment and then desire.  I looked 
down at where they were joined together and saw that 
Lisa's hips had started to move of their own accord.  
Tentatively, at first, then with increasing emphasis, 
she was rising to meet Jack's thrusts and pulling back 
to drag his cock through her fucktube.
	I stepped up to the table near her face and slipped 
my own dick out of my pants again.  I leaned forward and 
touched her lips with the head.  Without prompting, Lisa 
opened her mouth and let my cock in.  She sucked on it 
distractedly, sometimes remembering to pull on it with 
her lips and tongue the bottom and sometimes almost 
forgetting about it as she responded to Jack's fuckpole 
as it thrashed around in her pussy.
	Jack pushed all the way into her cunt and ground 
himself against her for a while.  Lisa responded by 
spreading her knees as widely as her bonds permitted, 
then clasped at him with her thighs.
	"Oh, jeez!" Jack gasped.  "Oh, that's great.  
That's right, baby, give me that pussy!"
	"Shhhh!" I reminded him.
	"Argggh!" Jack grunted.  "I can't help it.  She's 
gonna make me cum!" He started throwing his hips back 
and forth rapidly, shoving in and out of Lisa's pussy.  
Each time he fucked into her, their bodies met with an 
audible smack.  Lisa met him thrust for thrust, but she 
also was giving me good head.  Her lips curved over her 
teeth, cushioning them but also clamping down around me 
with tightly pursed lips, sucking and smacking at my 
cock.  She was moaning almost continuously now, and the 
humming in her throat was like a vibrating sleeve 
wrapped around my prick.
	"Ah, GOD!" Jack shouted and shoved all the way into 
Lisa's pussy.  This was followed by a series of short, 
quick hunches in and out.  He was cumming into the 
depths of her cunt.
	Lisa wasn't cumming, but she wasn't resisting.  I 
think she wanted to cum, but wasn't quite there.  Jack 
hadn't lasted very long, and it was too soon after her 
previous cum.  She pulled her mouth off me.
	"Oh-oh-oh," she grunted.  "Oh, no, don't cum in me! 
No, please don't!  I don't want you to...  Oh, god, 
no!" But her words were lies.  She wanted it.  Her hips 
pushed up to meet Jack and rolled around to waggle his 
cock inside her pussy.  Her thighs were spread as wide 
as possible to let him get all the way in her.
	With a long groan, Jack shot the last of his wad 
and collapsed on top of Lisa.  I could see her arms jerk 
as, instinctively, she tried to wrap them around him.  
Then she lay there while Jack recovered his breath, 
whimpering softly and responding to his occasional 
pushes with answering pushes of her own hips.  I stepped 
back, tucked my prick back into my undershorts, then 
stripped off my pants.
	Eventually, Jack pushed himself up with his arms.  
He pulled back as if to withdraw his cock from Lisa's 
pussy, then relented and shoved it back in again.  He 
did that two or three times before finally dragging 
himself out of her and raising up onto his knees.  With 
a sigh, he slid back off the table and stood once more 
on the floor.  He looked at me with a sheepish grin.  
Drops of his pearly cum were visible on the lips of 
Lisa's cunt and, as I watched, a gob of it dripped down 
between her legs and onto the table's cushion.
	Jack found his underwear and pants on the floor and 
pulled them on.
	"It's my turn now, Mr. Jones," I said.  "Help me 
turn her over."
	Lisa was almost limp as we went through the 
routine.  We released first one wrist then the other, 
and, pulling one arm across her, strapped it to the 
opposite side of the table.  We did the same with her 
ankles.  Then we tugged and pushed Lisa over onto her 
stomach and fastened the other wrist and ankle.  During 
the process, Lisa was passive, neither fighting nor 
aiding us, except that when we had her on her stomach, 
she shifted her chest to adjust the way her tits pressed 
against the padding.
	I don't know what she thought was next, presumably 
that I was going to enter her from behind.  And I was, 
of course, just not the way she expected.
	"May I have the lube, Mr. Jones" I requested.  He 
opened the same drawer that had held the vibrator, 
returned it to its place and handed me a tube of KY 
jelly.  I unscrewed the cap and squeezed a lengthy worm 
of lubricant onto the palm of my left hand.
	Without saying anything, I put my right hand on 
Lisa's nearest asscheek and pulled it to one side.  Then 
I planted the gob of lubricant right on her asshole.  
Lisa seemed to awake from a trance.
	"What?  NO!" she cried.  "No!  No!  Not there!  
I've never done that."  She squirmed her hips from side 
to side, trying to avoid my probing fingers.
	"Sorry, sweetheart," I told her.  "I've just got to 
try out this remaining hole.  Otherwise, our work 
wouldn't be complete, now, would it?"
	Despite her cries and protests, I pushed the middle 
finger of my left hand into her tightly clenched 
bunghole.  Returning several times to pick up more from 
the load I had deposited between her cheeks, I worked it 
thoroughly into her ass.  Lisa tried to dodge, clenching 
her asscheeks and tightening her asshole, protesting all 
the time, but I kept working more of the lubricant 
inside her, pushing my finger as deep into her bowel as 
it would go, working it from side to side to stretch 
her.  I talked to her constantly, trying to calm her 
down.
	"That's okay, sweetheart, you can say anything you 
like, but I'm going to stick my cock up your ass whether 
you like it or not.  You've got such a sweet ass that 
I've just got to try it out.  You're really tight back 
here.  It's going to feel great when I put my cock in 
there.  It'll feel good to me, anyway.  If you fight me, 
it'll just hurt you more.  And believe me, sweetheart, 
fighting me won't do you any good at all.  It'll just 
make it feel all the better to me.  So why don't you 
relax?  If you relax and let me in, it may hurt a 
little, but then it'll start to feel good.  If you fight 
me, I might tear something on the way in.  So you just 
be a good girl and stay calm and give me a good assfuck. 
Everything will work better that way."
	Satisfied that I had enough lube in her asstube to 
grease my way in, I pulled my finger out.  Lisa was 
crying, continuing to protest, but she was lying still, 
as if she knew there was no way out.
	I pulled a condom out of my pocket, unwrapped it, 
and rolled it onto my dick.  Squeezing some more KY 
jelly directly onto it, I spread it around with my hand, 
making sure to coat the end very well.  Then, as Jack 
had before me, I climbed up onto the table between 
Lisa's legs.
	"Please don't do this to me!" she pleaded.  
"Please!  I'll do anything else you want.  You can fuck 
me if you want.  I'll fuck you back, I promise.  I'll 
fuck you and suck you and do everything else.  I'll give 
you the best fucking you ever had.  Just don't do it to 
me there.  Please!"
	"Wish I could help you, sweetheart," I told her.  
"But I'm going to fuck your ass no matter what you say."
	I laid across her back, pinning her to the table.  
My cock was pressed against my stomach between the 
cheeks of her ass.  Lisa cried and tried to shift to one 
side, but my weight was enough to hold her down.  I 
reached down with one hand and tried to position my 
prick at her asshole.  Lisa jerked away and, when I 
pushed forward, I slid into her sperm-lubricated cunt.
	Since it felt pretty good, I fucked my cock into 
her pussy a couple of times.  But I quickly pulled out 
and resumed my effort to penetrate her ass.  I almost 
had it in one time, but Lisa jerked away again, and I 
flopped to one side painfully.
	"Dammit!" I said.  I reached up with my other hand 
and grabbed her hair, pulling back hard until her neck 
was bent into a bow.  She cried out in pain and tried to 
pull away, but that only hurt her more.  While her 
attention was distracted, I found her asshole again and, 
shoving forward hard, jammed about an inch of my 
cockhead into her butt.
	Lisa shrieked with pain as I penetrated her 
asshole.  Securely lodged this time, I let go of her 
hair and used my arm to push against her back and force 
her down flat on the table.  I shoved my hips forward 
again and felt the head of my cock pop into her asstube. 
Lisa cried out again and began sobbing.
	"Oh, god, it hurts!" she cried.  "It's too big.  I 
can't take that thing in there!  You're going to tear me 
apart!  Please, no!  Please stop!  Don't fuck me there! 
Please, please, please!"
	"Hold still, dammit!" I said.  "Stop fighting me.  
It only makes it worse.  Try to relax.  You made me hurt 
you.  Now hold still and it will get better in a little 
bit."
	I tried to hold still, but Lisa was twitching with 
the pain, pushing her hips into the table and clenching 
her ass tightly.  I had to push forward or risk being 
tossed off.  I increased the pressure and forced my cock 
deeper into her butt.  The tight grip of her asshole 
squeezed my cock like a rubber band wrapped around it.  
Moving just a fraction of an inch back and forth, I 
worked my dick in her butt, slipping a little deeper 
each time.
	"Uh, uh," Lisa grunted.  "Please go slow.  It hurts 
too much."
	"Stop fighting me then," I snapped.  "Hold still!"
	Lisa stopped moving, every muscle in her body 
tensed against the pain of my penetrating cock 
stretching her ass like never before.  When she stopped, 
I stopped with her, holding my cock in her ass but not 
pushing farther.  Gradually, she began to relax as her 
asshole became accustomed to the size of my prick.  She 
took a deep, ragged breath.
	"Now just relax," I said.  "I'll go slow.  I want 
to fuck you, not hurt you."
	I pushed forward a little more.  Lisa hissed a 
breath in over her teeth, but held still.  I waited a 
moment, then pushed another fraction to her.  She 
groaned, but it didn't seem to hurt her.  I could tell 
her asshole was relaxing.  I waited a little longer and 
felt the smallest possible push back toward me.  Lisa 
was ready for more.
	Slowly, steadily, but with frequent pauses, I 
forced my cock into her ass.  Lisa pressed the side of 
her face into the table padding, her mouth half open, 
her breath shallow.  About half way in, I stopped 
pushing, paused a moment, and drew back slowly until 
only the head of my prick was still in her ass.  Then I 
sank it back into her butt until it was deeper than 
before.  Lisa let out a long "Ahhhhhh..."
	Moving my hips up and down slowly, I worked my cock 
deep into her butt.  I touched her ass cheeks with my 
pubic hair.  I was almost in.  I pulled back a little 
and then pushed my prick all the way into her butthole, 
my pubis spreading her cheeks.
	Lisa's hands clenched at the pad and she whimpered 
softly.  I pushed again, and she held herself firmly 
against me, not quite pushing back but not shrinking 
away either.  I buried myself as deeply as possible in 
her asshole, letting my weight fall on her back, and 
rolled my hips to move my cock around inside her rectum. 
The feel of her soft asscheeks against my stomach was 
exquisite.
	"Now, that's not so bad, is it, Lisa?" I asked.  
She didn't say anything, just lay there taking little 
breaths.
	"Answer me, sweetheart," I said.  "It's not so bad, 
is it?"
	"No-o-o," Lisa whispered.
	"No what?"
	"It's not so bad.  It doesn't hurt so much 
anymore."
	I pulled my hips back a little and fucked her ass 
with a few short strokes.  Lisa's fingers twitched on 
the padding, and she tentatively pushed back at me, 
accepting my cock in her ass now.
	Working my hand under her hips, I found her pussy 
and began to run a fingertip around her clitoris.  The 
reaction was almost immediate.  Lisa said "Oh, oh, oh" 
and moved her hips, helping me finger her.  At the same 
time, her rolling pelvis worked my cock around inside 
her butt.  I began to push in and out of her with a 
little more vigor.
	"It doesn't hurt at all now, does it, Lisa?"
	"No-o-o," she said.  "It's okay."
	"It's more than okay, isn't it?" I prompted.  "It 
feels good, doesn't it?"
	"Yes-s-s," she said, reluctantly.  "G-good."
	"Is this the first time you've ever been ass-
fucked, Lisa?" I asked.
	"Yes-s-s," she said.
	"But it's better than you ever thought it could be, 
isn't it, sweetheart?"
	"Yes-s-s," Lisa admitted.
	"Do you like being fucked in the ass, Lisa?"
	"No-o-o," she said, after a pause.  I knew she was 
lying.  Her ass was completely adjusted to my cock now. 
I fucked her hard for a moment.  She started to 
respond, then seemed to catch herself.  I rolled her 
clit with my finger.  She started fucking herself, then, 
pushing her ass back at my invading cock to impale 
herself on it, then hunching forward to press against my 
finger sliding around and around her cumbump.
	"You like it, don't you, Lisa?"
	"Yes-s-s," she admitted.  "It feels good now.  Not 
like...  but good."
	"I'm going to fuck you hard now, Lisa.  I'm going 
to fuck your ass as hard as I can.  And you're going to 
love it.  You know you will.  I'm going to fuck you in 
the ass and make you cum."
	I knew she was starting to feel it.  She was 
panting rapidly.  When I pushed my cock deep into her 
asshole, she moaned, and pushed her butt up against my 
invading prick.  I flicked my finger on her clit, and 
she cried out.
	"That's it, sweetheart," I said.  "Fuck me back, 
baby.  Give me your ass.  That's it."
	I was fucking her hard, now.  I jammed my cock up 
her asshole, pulled back quickly, then shoved it deep 
into her again.  Lisa was matching me now, thrusting her 
ass back to meet my penetrating cock, pulling away and 
then pushing back again.
	"Oh, yes-s-s-s," she moaned.  "Oh!  Oh!  Yes-s-s!  
Fuck me!  Fuck my ass.  I can't believe how it feels.  
It's so good!"
	"Yes, baby," I said.  "I knew you'd like it once 
you tried it.  Take that!  And that!" I jammed into her 
butthole as hard as I could.  "Tell me you like it!  
Tell me you want me to fuck your ass"
	"Yessss!" Lisa cried.  "Oh, yessss!  Fuck me!  I 
want you to fuck me in the ass.  Fuck me hard!  Give it 
to me!  Yesss!  Like that!  Oh, fuck me-e-e!"
	With a shudder, she started to cum.  Her whole body 
jerked several times, as if shocked by an electric jolt.
	"Oh, god!" she cried.  "I'm cummmmming!" Lisa 
collapsed, pressing her cunt down onto my finger that 
still rolled around and around on her clit.  Her body 
twitched and shook as passion shot through her body.
	I felt my own cum rising from the depth of my 
balls.  I felt like a sheath of electricity was running 
over my skin.  I buried my cock to the hilt in her ass 
and blasted out my cum, spurting time and again.
	"Yes, baby," Lisa cried.  "Give it to me.  Cum in 
my hot ass, baby.  That's it!  Cum in me.  Fuck my ass 
silly!"
	I fell across her back, the strength gone from my 
arms.  My cock twitched in Lisa's butt, and she squeezed 
me with the muscle of her asshole, making me groan with 
delight.  I couldn't move for moment.  Then I pumped in 
and out of her slowly for a while.
	Finally, when my strength returned, I pulled back 
and dragged my cock out of her ass.  The condom came 
out, wrinkled around my slowly shrinking prick, with a 
puddle of cum pooled at the end.
	"That was very good, sweetheart," I told her.  
"Maybe we can do this again sometime."
	Lisa was silent.  Now that it was over, she was 
embarrassed by her passion, by the way she had given in 
and begged to be raped in her ass.
	"We're going to let you get dressed now, Lisa," I 
told her.  "Then we'll take you back and drop you off 
somewhere.  Will you promise to be good if we release 
your hands and feet?"
	"Yes," she whispered.  "I'll be good."
	And she was.  Jack brought her clothes and we 
unstrapped Lisa from the table.  We helped her dress, 
pulling the sweatshirt over her head and down over her 
delicious tits.  We poked her feet into the sweatpants, 
helped her stand, and pulled them up around her waist.  
We kept the bra and panties for souvenirs.  She put on 
her shoes and socks, leaning against the table.
	When Jack slipped up behind her and clasped the 
chloroformed pad over her nose and mouth again, Lisa 
struggled briefly, but soon collapsed into 
unconsciousness again.  We carried her back out to the 
van, drove to another park in the same town and, when 
nobody was around, rolled her under a bush.  She would 
wake in a few minutes, groggy, cum leaking from both 
holes, but unhurt.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
End of 'Bound to Please' by Titmouse.  
Story 13

Author's Note:

Look, this is pure fantasy.  Not only have I never raped anyone,
I've never wanted to.  The closest I got was a situation where
the girl was a little reluctant.  On the other hand, I'd driven
a full day to meet her before we took off on a tour of Northern
California, and we were sharing a motel room.  She made excuses
and I persisted.  She didn't fight it, but I feel bad about it now.

So why do I write the occasional rape fantasy?  Well, for one
thing, it shortens the seduction time, and these are, after all,
not much more than stroke stories.  In real life, the whole
process takes lots of time and, even then, it's always hard
to ask someone for this or that.  So I guess it's a turn-on to
imagine being able to do anything I want without having to ask.
What I'd really like, of course, is for some woman to want all
these things even more than I do.  Dream on.

                          ---
I welcome your comments but hate spam.  Send messages to
NiteSweats@aol.com and put 'Titmouse' somewhere in the subject line.
Anything else will be deleted automatically.
