Author: russianguy26 (sluttish_88@yahoo.com)
Title: a naive girl at Borisovo's pond
Part: chapter 4
Summary: After her adventures at school with the bully, she had to see her blackmailer again. She and the bully made their way to his place, where Kate got acquainted with the bully's boyfriend.
Keywords: MMff, ff, lesbian, oral, tease, masturbation, teens, blackmail, high school, slut, group sex
Contact: sluttish_88@yahoo.com

Chapter 4

  As soon as Mark, the classmate who had fucked Kate, had left, the schoolgirls started their way to Serge's place, as planned. Natty glanced at Kate and smiled, imagining how many wild things she was going to try during her invitation. She stilll couldn't believe how easy it was to force her to do it. Natty immediately remember her boyfriend's stuck-up sister and she thought of doing the same with her, but she'd have time for it later. 

  It wasn't a long way to their destination and they were there soon. Natty entered the password on the metal door's panel and both girls entered the entrance. While they were on their way to the floor where Serge's apartment was, the bully thought about Serge's reaction. He didn't tell her to make Kate have sex with anyone. She was sure that he would appreciate it.

  Finally they were there and Serge stood leaning against his apartment's door. He wore loose shorts and sneakers and the guy had a broad smile on his face.

  "Well-well-well, my personal highschool sluts!" the guy said, rubbing his crotch without confusion.

  Natty didn't like his way of speaking, because she was anything for her boyfriend only. She knew that Alex, her boyfriend, was at Serge's place now and waited for his hot ride. He could just get out and hear Serge's familiar manner of speaking. Alex just could decide that his Serge and Natty were more than just friend and dump her. She couldn't let it happen.

  Serge liked the way two stupid girls were on the way to him and grinning at the thought of upcoming actions. He appointed Natty to be in the charge of Kate's training, but this day would bring something new for everyone. When Kate came into his sight, his jaw dropped. He could clearly see her puffy cuntlips even although the girl wore pants. He couldn't believe that she went to school, looking like this. He decided to warm Natty up.

  She came up to him and turned his face so that Serge could give her a peck like a nice guy, but she was mistaken. Without giving it a second thought, he planted his lips on hers. Natty immediately got restrained. If her boyfriend went out and saw it, he'd beat the shit out of her. The bully sure knew that her boyfriend was afraid of Serge, although he tried to look like a real man.

  Natty made up her mind not to resist Serge's desire, because her likes and dislikes didn't matter now at all. She put her arms around his neck gently and the girl immediately felt his strong arms around her waist. The bully tried to give him the best time of life so that the guy let her go before Alex came. Natty acted like a grown-up: her tongue slid inside his mouth. Serge liked the way the girl acted and he was sure that he could do anything now. He had a hard-on from the intensive hot making-out and Natty couldn't help noticing it very clearly. Being in the tight embrance, the girl could feel the bulge in his shorts and she knew that she needed to excite him so much that Kate got what she deserved.

  These thoughts made her really hot and she could feel his hands slid below her waist and rested on her ass, squeezing it hard. Like the boss of situation, his hands slid under her flimsy panties. Natty didn't know how she should act, but the bully instinctively spread her legs wider. Serge considered it an invitation and one of his fingers had immediately found the spot. As soon as his finger had slid inside her teen pussy, the girl let out a moan. Serge liked it and he was happy to get acquainted with two natural-born sluts. There was no need to train them at all, they were already eager to try anything by their own will. As her breath burned his tongue struggling furiously in her wet mouth, his finger slid in and out of the tight pussy with an increasing pace. 

  Then he broke the kiss and cried out without getting his finger out of her slurping pussy, "Hey Alex, you were right. Your slut's cunt is really fucking tight!"

  Those words frightened Natty very much. Her boyfriend could dump her right where she was and it wouldn't good for her at all. Much peopled appreciate their relationship, but she would lost everything without him by her side. She could hear his footsteps and Serge could feel all her body strain. He didn't want to push the limits very fast and ruin anything. After all, he didn't want anything bad for anyone except having a bit of fun. He heard Alex's steps coming up and got his finger out of her pussy. As soon as the guy had done it, he immediately heard Natty quietly saying "Thanks."

  He brought his juice-covered finger towards Natty's mouth and she sucked it in playfully. The bully was really grateful for unrevealing their little secret in her boyfriend's presence. She was so grateful that lowered her hand and gently squeezed Serge's hard cock through the shorts. Licking his juice-covered finger up and carressing his cock, Natty imagined how Kate's pussy was going to be ruined after getting fucked with that monster cock. She will do her best to make Kate the most popular slut around. 

  The bully wanted to excite Serge more and more, but she couldn't continue or her boyfriend Alex would bust her. She was fast enough to move away her hand from Serge's cock and the guy got his finger out of her mouth just in time as Alex stepped out of Serge's apartment. 

  "Holy shit!" Alex cried out when he saw Kate in a revealing garments.

  Natty's boyfriend looked strong, tall and cocky. He wore only loose shorts like Serge so that everyone could see his muscular body and some tattoos, inked on his skin. Anyhow, he was a rich guy and everyone who had known him respected his opinion very much. He was the leader of his friends and his self-confidence could convince surrounding people. Although, he seemed a cool guy even next to Serge, but he sure knew that he was no match to him. Serge was a real dangerous type even if he didn't show it.

  Alex stood and couldn't believe what he saw. There was a girl, wearing so revealing clothes that even strip-dancers could jeopardize. He knew that somebody would turn up (Serge gave him a detailed briefing of the coming training), but he never expected to see a school slut. Alex also noticed that Serge had a quite visible hard-on and it didn't surprise him, because he had the same one too now. If he'd knew that Serge's hard-on was from Natty's, Alex's girlfriend, sexual stimulations.

  Natty noticed that her boyfriend couldn't take his eyes away from Kate and she was glad that he liked it. She always tried to make him happy. Also, the bully was glad that she wasn't busted. Her dirty side of nature had been awakened.

  "Honey," Natty said to Kate. "Please show your masters the deposit of fresh cum in your mouth, because it's your only access for entering inside!"

  Kate felt dirty as shit. The quantity of males who knew about her nasty side was getting more and more. Her blackmailers Mike and Serge, her classmate Mark and Alex now had already known about it and she was sure that it was the beginning. It was only the first day of a new life and the girl already wanted to commit a suicide. What could tomorrow bring?

  Kate submissively opened her mouth wide and stuck her tongue out. Everybody could see a considerable amount of sticky cum on it. There was too much of it that some dripped down from it. Alex considered his girlfriend could be a real nasty, but it was beyond the limits. Staring at it, the college boy lost his gift of speech. He unconsciously embraced Natty and she liked the way it influenced upon her boyfriend. The bully immediately felt his hand resting on her nice ass. She was absolutely sure that she would use Kate in their sex-games. Natty turned her head to her boyfriend and give him a gentle kiss on the neck.

  "Oh, Gosh! Your day started well!" Serge was the first who came to himself. "You were a good girl, but don't swallow this and keep it for awhile."

  With these words, he glanced at the loving couple of Natty and Alex. He could see that Alex was still in a trance while Natty carressed the sensual skin on his neck with her wet lips and agile tongue. Grinning, Serge thought that they were enjoying each other for the last time. Everything was going to change soon. He looked down and saw that Natty stroked her girlfriend's cock in his shorts. It was clearly seen that he had a tent there. Serge couldn't blame him, but he couldn't help doing anything.

  Playfully, Serge just give Alex's crotch a slap and Alex doubled on his knees from the pain from this beat. Serge laughed out loud at his joke and he motioned to enter the apartment. Red in his face, Alex murmured something for that slap he had been given, but nobody paid him attention at all and considered it a good joke. He was left them alone with his blue balls to recover. As soon as Alex had recovered, he stood up and entered the appartment.

  When Alex stepped in the corridor, the girls were still there taking off their shoes. Natty saw his red face and laughed a bit. Seeing that her boyfriend didn't like it, she stopped and tried to forget about the thing that had happened.

  Alex closed the door and led the girls to the sitting-room in silence. The pain in his balls was almost over and he looked forward to having some wild time. As soon as they had stepped into the sitting-room, this cool guy flopped down on the king-size bed where Serge gave him a briefing about today's training about an hour ago. He spread his legs in his usual manner of a hip-hop guy to relax. Kate thought where to sit and she guessed that it didn't matter at all. Everyone in the room knew that she was going to be used and used properly. There was no way out for her. Thus, she made up her mind to stay on the floor with smiling Natty in front of an expensive wide-screened LCD.

  Due to the recent event, there was some silence, nobody knew how to start. Kate knew that she would have to do whatever she was said. Natty smiled at her and thought over the ways of the best humiliating of that schoolgirl so that to make her boyfriend happy as much as she could. Then the bully looked up at her boyfriend and saw that he had been waiting in anticipation. Natty understood that she had to do to please her boyfriend. As soon as she had been about to do it, Serge came in and the party started. He knew how to hit the dance floor.

  He entered the room and flopped down next to Alex on the king-size bed. Smiling at the two young sluts, sitting on the floor, he thought about how dirty they were going to be. At first, he wanted to know what Kate had done at her school. He wanted to know if she was a good slut.

  "Slut, this morning I told you about the training. Let's listen to what your tutor Natty has got to tell me and her fucka!" Serge said and Alex smiled, knowing that it was high time for the show.

  Natty was glad to start her report. She was fast enough to grab her purse and got the cam out. It didn't take much time for her to link it to the LCD. Then she pressed "PLAY" button and everyone saw what she had been recording in HD all day.  The girl was so excited to tell them about Kate's activity, but Serge interrupted her as she opened her mouth.

  "I think we'll like your lecture during some lap-dancing!" Serge said and turned to Alex. "What do you think, man?"

  Alex was happy that his opinion was asked and Natty saw a devil's light in his lust-filled eyes. His only words were, "Yeah, naked lap-dancing!"

  His suggestion made Natty confused. It was the first time when he wanted his girlfriend to be seen in the company of outsiders, but she thought he was just extremely horned. Kate understood that the show had started and she knew that it would be worse if she did it the wrong way. Kate looked up and saw the bully start undressing slowly and erotically. She should do the same.

  The both girls didn't wear too much to take off. Swinging slowly, the girls rubbed their bodies erotically and the guys couldn't bear it any longer. The girls were in the shock as they saw it. The guys matter-of-factly threw their shorts away and revealed their hard-ons. Then they grabbed their hard cocks and slowly started stroking them, enjoying the sight of two school girls getting undressed. The girls liked what they saw and they were fast to finish undressing.

  The guys felt like they were at some strip-tease bar and they both said very rude comments and cried out cat-calls. Alex lost his head and thought only about having sex without considering that Natty was his beloved one. He had never let it go before. 

  The first girl stepped forward was Natty. She was sure that she was safe. The bully considered that it was the training day for that stupid girl Kate, but she was wrong. The only thing that made her worried was her naked appearance. Her boyfriend Alex always resisted it. Although she tried to understand his mood and knew that he was out of control now. 

  As soon as she had stood, smiling next to her boyfriend, Serge grabbed her hand. Alex and Natty looked confused. Serge made up his mind to try his luck now, although he knew what was coming beforehand. 

  Smiling, the guy asked Alex, "I think this slut can please me and you can play with another!" He paused and still saw hesitation in Alex's eyes. It was clear that they weren't only fuck-buddies, they did love each other, but it wasn't the reason to give way. "I thought Natty is your slut, not the girlfriend. Was I wrong?"

  Alex heard the irritated tone in Serge's voice and he made up his mind not to be a hero. He was walking on the ice and he didn't want to lose the authority in the face of that respected guy. The college boy thought that it wouldn't big deal for Natty just to give Serge a lap-dancing. He could explain it to her later, but he had to play the game now.

  "Yeah, man. She's just a cum-dump of mine!" Alex said, trying to look tough and released his clutch.

  Natty was shocked by his words and glanced at him. Staring at his eyes, she saw the fear in them and she understood that he had no choice. So did she. Then she made some steps towards Serge and stopped by his side. Like the boss, he put his hand on her crotch and two fingers of his entered her pussy. She startled by the touch. "Smooth as a baby," Serge murmured, enjoying his power over everyone. The pussy was very slippery from anticipation of Kate getting fucked, but Natty was sure that Serge could try to drill her pussy too. The girl stared into her boyfriend's eyes and they both didn't know what to do. Everybody in the room knew that they were under Serge's command and they would do whatever he wanted. 

  Serge just kept on grinning and fingering. His fingers to the knuckles entered her teen clean-shaving pussy. Her boyfriend looked down and stared at the way Serge's fingers increased the pace. Natty's juice poured down his fingers, making them glisten in the sun.

  Kate thought it was the perfect opportunity to turn tables on her torturer and she asked, "Shall we turn the cam on?"

  Natty immediately understood that it was a really bad idea. Serge just could keep the record for himself and it could get into some wrong hands. It could be a real critical stuff for Natty and Alex. Like Alex, Natty could be kicked out of the school for non-social behavior. The recording would have had two young naked couples on one bed. The girl and the boy didn't even want to think about their parents' reaction.

  "Good idea, my smart one. Fix it so that the entire bed is in the frame!" Serge replied.

  He could feel Natty trembling and the guy knew that he could get from her whatever he wanted with this tape. Grinning, he thought how nave these teenagers were, because he was going to have more dangerous footage of them all. 

  Although Natty was in the deepshit of the situation, she had never stopped giving him a lap-dance. She tried to do it very careful or his cock could pierce one of her orifices and then she would be ruined with such a monster cock. The girl was real angry with Kate and knew that she would pay for her stupid idea. Thinking of possible ways of her hatred, Natty startled as she felt Serge's hands on her breasts. Although he hadn't been shy with her before, her breasts mauling was something unavailable. She glanced at her boyfriend and noticed that he wanted to say something, but he didn't have got the nuts to do it. Alex's lips were trembling, trying to tell Serge to stop doing it with his girlfriend, but not a word left his lips. He was very pale.

  Kate noticed it too. She was glad that she tried to make the bully feel bad. The girl knew it would be worse, because it was time for her to give her boyfriend a lap-dance. The blonde understood that she didn't have to plan anything, because everything could go the wrong way. Immediately the girl remembered that she would be made to do many dirty thing today and she couldn't delay it at all. So, Kate decided to face her destiny. 

  After having checked that the bed had been in the focus of the camera, the girl came up to Alex and stopped  by him. Kate didn't like what was going to happen, but she could change nothing. Excited and jealous, Alex couldn't take his eyes from the sexy body of Kate. Her clean-shaven pussy was right at a few inches' distance from his face. He stared at her pussy and he liked how fresh it looked. Although Alex was a college boy, he had already fucked a lot of pussies. Kate's pussy-lips were still red and hanging from the recent intercourse with her classmate Mark. side and Natty took her position on Serge, placing her legs along his. Alex looked at them with jealousy and turned his head to Kate and her pussy was right in front of him. He immediately understood that it had been her first time today, because her pussy-lips were still red and hanging. Mark's cock that the girl had served after classes stretched her pussy considerably and it couldn't still come to the normal condition. Kate couldn't imagine how to survive Serge's cock that was much more than Mark's.

  Staring at this fresh pussy, Alex thought it'd be honest to play with the girl the same way as Serge played with his. He brought his fingers and pushed them against her pussy's mouth. The college guy was surprised how tight the cunt was. As soon as he had thrusted to the knucles, Kate was fast enough to spread her thighs wider for a better access. Alex liked the tightness of her hole and it was pulsing around them in a moment. "Very sensitive cunt!" he thought, "Too bad that Serge is going to ruin it!"

  Alex was increasing the pace of finger-fucking Kate when Serge said, "Maybe stop your impatience and listen to your slut's adventures?"

  Alex felt like a dirt and glanced at him. He could see that his girlfriend was doing her best. Natty was giving him the best lap-dancing ever, trying not to get impaled on his raging cock as Serge smiled at him, holding Natty's breasts in his hands and twisting her sensitive nipples between his fingers. Watching it, Alex even got his fingers out of Kate's slippery pussy.

  Natty started her speech when Kate slowly took the position on Alex's knees, placing her legs along his. Despite of his disappointment, Alex's cock liked everything what had been happening. It was really hard and he easily placed it between firm ass cheeks of Kate. The girl started got his fingers out of her pussy and Kate took the same position like her bully did. The college looked aside at his girlfriend and watched her giving Serge sensitive lap-dancing. He could see Serge's cock sliding between her ass crack. One wrong move and his monster cock could pierce Natty's pussy. Alex thought it over and understood that it was too late to stop the party. He just had to join the party.

  Kate said on Alex's knees, placing her legs along his with his cock sliding along her ass crack. She tried to move very careful, because her pussy was really sore after Mark's cock.

  Natty's telling made the blonde more depressed. It sounded like she was sex-addict with all those guys at school. Her torturer tried to say it as colourful as she could and she could feel that Serge liked that very much. His grip on her firm tits tightened and his cock seemed better. Serge wouldn't believe her telling about all those dirty thing Kate had done at school if there was no video footage displayed on the big screen. Alex also watched and listened to what his girlfriend had kept saying. 

  Serge thought it'd be very hard to make Kate fuck anyone, but he could see her being fucked on the screen. The girl was being fucked by her classmate and he couldn't believe that the girl had been spoiled her reputation forever, but Serge didn't give a care. He planned much more for her first day of slutdom. The guy was so much into it and looked down. He could see his monster cock sliding slong Natty's ass crack and he knew that he was going to fuck soon.

  Feeling that he was about to cum, Serge slapped Natty's ass and said, "Get off, bitch or I'll cum!"

  Natty was fast to get off his laps on the floor. She prayed that her boyfriend wouldn't dump her after all of this, but her pussy was on fire after that continuing lap-dancing. The girl was sitting with wide spread legs on the floor and stared at Serge's cock. It was so huge that she couldn't imagine Kate's slim figure impaled on it. The bully was like in a trance, staring at the cock and playing with her slurping that she didn't notice that Kate get off Alex's knees and she was next to her bully on the floor.

  Serge's comment brought Natty to reality, "You saw how good our sluts are, man!"

  "Yeah, you're right, man," Alex agreed and he waited for something special without considering Natty his girlfriend. His only desire was to cum.

  "Let's watch their everyday activity. I asked Kate to find some cum and keep it in her mouth so that you could enjoy the show of those cum-swapping sluts!" Serge grinned.

  Alex couldn't believe it. So did the girls neither. Natty hoped that her boyfriend would forgive her for all the things she had already done and for those that were coming. She knew the camera was rolling on and she disliked it. On the other hand, Kate was glad to get rid of that nasty cum that was in her mouth. 

  Although the blonde had never kissed a girl and she considered it was wrong, Kate's pussy was leaking. She opened her mouth and everybody could see the white liwuid on her tongue. Alex could believe that it was true, because he thought it was possible in some seedy porn flick, but it was happening there, just in front of him. His girlfriend was fast enough to plant her lips on Kate's ones.

  Alike Kate, Natty had never tried it. She couldn't believe how eager Kate was when the cum-covered tongue slid inside the deep of her mouth, sharing this deposit. It was sticky and nasty, but Natty was sure that the guys were enjoying the show and she was going to give them the time of their lives. Natty's one hand laid on Kate's head for giving a really wet kiss, the other laid on the girl's pussy.

  Although Kate didn't want it, she was eager to empty her mouth and the girls' tongues started struggling. They both felt like a street trash, but they knew that there was no way out for them except of doing what they were told. Kate tried to relax and closed her eyes and she managed it. Natty's fingers laid on the blonde's clean-shaven pussy and worked on her clear properly.

  The guys watched them and the entire performance was taken on film and it was displayed on the wide screen behind the girls. Their tongue-struggling was clearly seen and sticky cum left their mouths, pouring out from the corners of their lips or dripping down from their agile tongues.

  Natty could feel Kate's moans and her hot breath burned her tongue. Kate could do nothing but kissing, especially when her pussy was being played. Natty's fingers rubbed the poor girls swollen bean in circles, making her pussy slippery. The juice poured out of her teen pussy and her things were shiny with it. It was too much for her and her hands carressed her body too. One hand cupped her perky tits, squeezing her swollen nipples between the delicate fingers and the other hand finger-fucked her bully's pussy. The blonde girl was ready to do anything to please Natty or she would be sorry, Kate sure knew it.

  The girls were took away with waves of pleasure when Alex asked, "Time to play with real toys, girls!"

  Natty broke the kiss and the sticky thread of cum connected one girl's mouth with another. The great quantity of that shiny stuff was seen on their chins. Like in a trance, the bully crawled towards the guys very slowly, leaving the excited blonde behind. 

  Natty stopped her way between two guys and Alex was puzzled what she had been waiting for. She was his girl and she had to serve his cock properly, but she was in a hurry. In a moment he was struck by her putting her hands on his and Serge's cocks. The girl was supposed to be his and he wasn't going to share her, he loved her with all his heart. He just opened his mouth to reason with Serge, but he couldn't find correct words for that.

  Natty started stroking these cocks and she liked their size. She always thought that her boyfriend's cock was huge, but it was no match for Serge's. Serge's cock was a real cunt-destroyer. Despite of its length and thickness, there was a sewed-in ring under the skin in the midle of the shaft for better pleasure. Natty knew that it'd be a real experience for even a burned-up cunt. The girl increased the tempo of stroking these cocks, imagining how that stupid Kate was going to scream.

  Smiling, Natty asked the guys as she kept on stroking their cocks, "I think it'll be fun to know who of us is the best slut. Am I right, guys?"

  The guys liked what she had in her mind and let her lead the party. She left their leaking cocks alone and they kept on standing erect. The bully came up to Kate and grabbed her by hair. Kate squealed with pain as she was drug in a thrust towards Serge's monster cock. She immediately know that her tight pussy was going to be ruined forever and it'd never be restored. 

  "Show him your skills of handling with a cock!" the bully said.

  The bully had to show everyone that she was in charge or she would be controlled like Kate was. Natty had to be in the flow this way or another. Kate was sure that she got some authority, but the bully had shown her place again. The poor girl was treated like a dirt and it got her depressed.

  Kate understood that she'd better start doing what she was supposed to do. Her mouth was still wet from french-kissing Natty and it made her extremely excited. It was something new for her and she was sure that she would have to learn more new things today.

  Kate made up her mind not to resist, because she sure knew that she was going to be a sex slave for these guys. She opened her mouth wide and took the big purple head of his cock. Serge had been excited for a long time and the girl could feel the taste of pre-cum on the cock. Although Serge was the boss here, he was gentle enough in comparison with Natty who was being really rude. As she started sucking her master's cock, the girl remembered the last time she sucked that monsterous piece of hard meat. Kate did her best and she managed to take the half of his cock inside. Her lips tightened around the shaft righ in the middle where the sewn-in ring was.

  Kate closed her eyes and tried to get accustomed to the cock. Her jaw was sore a little from its king size, but the girl finally managed to relax. It was so unbelievable, but Kate felt waves of pleasure, spreadig all about her slim body. She was glad that Serge didn't push her limits and she tried to give him the best time of his life, hoping he would protect her the bully.

  With closed eyes, the girl kept on giving him head and her tongue swirled around the head of his cock, giving the guy more pleasure. The guy looked down and watched Kate's head bobbing up and down between his wide spread legs. Then he looked aside and noticed that Alex and Natty were staring at her. 

  Natty watched Kate and she liked that the girl didn't try to be a pain in the ass. Her eyes were closed and she tried to swallow as much as she could, but she could hardly swallow the half of Serge's shaft. The bully even saw that the blond wasn't only bobbing up and down the swollen cock, but the girl's tongue swirled around it. Natty had been waiting for it very long. Then the bully glanced at her boyfriend Alex and he looked dazzled. There were devil's lights in his lust-filled eyes and Natty was sure that he was eager to get some head. 

  The bully put her hand on the top of Kate's head and pushed it, "Don't give him such a shitty blowjob. You are taught to give a deep-throating!"

  Kate became shocked when she was heard Natty's command. It was too much for her to deep-throat it. She was going to say it, but Natty's hand on Kate's head didn't let her go and the girl had to do what she was said. Her eyes were like two saucers when  she was forced to swallow the entire cock. Little by little Kate swallowed more and more of Serge's hard meat, although she didn't think it was possible. Natty added more weight to her pushing so that the head of Serge's cock hit the back of her throat. 

  Natty was very delighted and hold Kate's head fixed in that position. The blonde gagged on that monster dickhead, but tried not to choke on it. Her tears appeared in her eyes from the disability of breathing and her lips were tightly closed around the base of Serge's cock.. 

  Serge closed his eyes and threw his head back in pleasure as he felt Kate's throat tightening around his cock wildly. He didn't resist a gentle blowjob, but he'd have never thought that the bully would be so active. As he took his time, the guy felt his cum boiling in his balls and Kate's saliva lubricated his cock. The girl tried to get accustomed to it and survive it. Her throat was clenching and Natty and Alex could see it clearly by the lump in her throat. It drove Natty crazy and she was out of control now.

  "Do your tongue work, slut!" the bully smacked on the side of Kate's head.

  Sobbing, Kate tried to swirl her tongue around his hard shaft, but there was no room in her mouth for it. Natty could see the girl tried her best, but it wasn't enough. The bully smacked on the side of Kate's head more, screaming at her to do a better work. Sobbing, Kate tried more and more to do what she was told. Natty couldn't help noticing it and she was surprised how that cock could be taken deep inside without saying about giving it a tongue work. Kate's throat constricted very fast and the girl could choke on it at any moment. 

  Alex saw Kate's lips tightly closed at the base of Serge's cock and her tongue was seen now and then. It gave Alex some stirring and he pulled his girlfriend to himself. His only desire was to get the same treatment and Natty wasn't stupid to misunderstand it. Natty liked the '69 position and she climbed on the bed for it.

  Kate felt that Natty's hand left her head and she tried to get the cock out of her mouth. She opened her eyes and saw Serge's abs raising up and down as her tongue kept on teasing his cock. She looked aside and saw her torturer. Natty was busy doing her boyfriend in the 69. She was on the top of Alex sucking his cock like a crazy girl as he surely pleased her leaking pussy. Kate thought that she could relax now since the bully was busy. When she was about to get the cock out, she felt a hand on her head again.

  "Baby, you're good at it. Keep sucking!" Serge said.

  With those reassuring words, his strong hand pushed her head and she had to resume her blowjob. The girl's mouth slid up and down along the shaft until his balls slapped against her chin. Although it was hard for her to do, the girl did her best. When Serge noticed that Kate was convinced what to do, he removed his hand and the girl kept on working on his hard meat. Kate just knew that she would have to do whatever the three of them wished and decided to do it cobsently.  The room became filled with dirt comments, moans and slurping sounds. 

  Having the time of his life, Serge resistantly opened the eyes and turned his head to Alex. The guy was warming his girlfriend Natty, lapping her pussy and lubricating it richly with his wet tongue. Her pussy was dripping from it and her warm breaths were felt on his cock while she was working on it. Alex spread her cheeks apart so that both her fuck-holes were on display. Serge could see it and considered that she was a natural-born slut too. Despite of her young age, her pussy and ass were stretched from many sex sessions with her boyfriend.

  Licking her dripping pussy intensively, Alex enjoyed the sight of the inviting brown hole that was opened up a bit as he held his hands on her ass cheeks. Her boyfriend began fucking her ass several months ago and they both liked it very much. The look was so exciting and Natty's mouth had been doing a very amazing work on his cock so that Alex was sure that it was time to fuck her or he'd just cum in her mouth without enjoying her nice pussy.

  Serge watched them as he himself was being deep-throated by Kate and he knew that the time had come. The guy couldn't help noticing the way the young couple was in love with each other and Serge was about to test their relationship. He stretched out his hand to her slippery pussy and drove two fingers of his inside. They entered like oil-lubricated. When Alex saw them entering his girlfriend's love-box, he wanted to tell Serge to get his hands away from Natty, but he couldn't find correct words for it and just murmured something. Grinning, Serge started sawing his fingers in and out of her slurping pussy while Alex began teasing the clit with his agile tongue.

  Natty didn't know whose fingers in her tender pussy really were and she liked that Alex made up his mind to go down to the business. The idea of Serge, finger-fucking her didn't even occur to her. Enjoying the sensation, the girl wiggled her ass like inviting a guest. Glancing at Kate, she was glad to see that the blonde was deep-throating Serge's cock without being forced. Kate didn't just deep-throat, but she also did a perfect tongue work. She occasionally took his cock out of her sore throat and carressed his balls, sucking them in. Kate was becoming a professional cock-sucker in the eyes of Natty and these girls were sluts in the eyes of these guys. Natty liked the way Kate was acting and put her mouth back on her boyfriend's cock and increased the pace. How she loved Alex and she was ready to do anything for him!

  As soon as Natty's mouth had increased the pace, Alex rolled his eyes back in the head and stopped carressing her clit. He just threw his head back in pleasure and moaned loudly, burning his girlfriend's juicy pussy with his breath. The girl drove it crazy and she arched her back for giving a better access. The bully did her best to make her boyfriend happy. Little did she knew that those fingers weren't Alex's. Of course, Serge saw it and grinned when he got his juice-covered fingers out of her leaking pussy. Then the guy brought them to her inviting ass-hole and pressed. Being well-lubricated, his fingers easily slid inside, although he could feel its tightness. She didn't know that her ass was going to be stretched considerably today. It was too much for Serge to stay silent.

  "The tight ass your slut has!" Sere moaned.

  His words were noticed by everyone. Kate got Serge's cock out of her mouth and tried to shut it, but she couldn't; her jaw was really sore from sucking such a monster cock. She glanced at the reason of that fuss. The girl saw Natty sucking Alex's cock and Serge finger-fucking the bully's ass-hole. Frightened, Natty stopped sucking and got the saliva-covered cock of her boyfriend out of her mouth. She was so frightened that she was afraid of saying a word. The bully couldn't believe that her boyfiend let somebody touch her, but finger-fucking was out of question. Natty hoped that her boyfriend would take care of this situation, but he was dead pale. Alex wasn't cool now and he was afraid of making a move. He could feel that Natty stopped sucking and he knew that they could be killed if they disappointed Serge. Alex knew that everything was out of control and he let Serge do anything. 

  As Alex collected himself to say something smart, Serge plainly said, "I wanna fuck the shit out of this dirty cunt! Wouldn't you mind letting me use your slut?"

  Natty was shocked by his manner of speaking and that her boyfriend was silent. Although Kate was surprised, she was glad that Kate's pussy was gonna be ruined, not hers. The tables were turned, so to speak. Smiling, she moved away from Serge's cock, knowing that her place would be taken by that bully.

  Alex didn't make up any smart things to say except of, "Sure, man. She's just a slut and I can share her cunt with you!"

  Natty was ready to cry from such words, but she understood that her loving boyfriend was made to say so to keep his authority. She knew that there was no point to call it off and climbed down Alex's body. Kate smiled as Natty climbed up Serge's body. The blonde could see the bully's pussy and asshole was juicy. Serge smiled too. He knew that he was the boss now and the party couldn't say "NO" to him.

  Natty saddled Serge, placing her legs along his. Then she got a hold of his huge cock and pressed it against her tight pussy. Despite of her pussy's wetness, the head of Serge's cock entered slowly, stretching her pussy to the limit. The bully moaned loudly as the cock tortured her pussy. Natty took it little by little, swaying on it and taking it inch by inch. Kate sat behind the bully's ass and saw it closely. Her jaw dropped when she saw Natty's pussy getting stretched and reddened by that monsterous one. Everyone knew that the girl's pussy would never be the same.

  As soon as the half of Serge's cock was deep in her pussy, Natty stopped. She knew that the sewn-in ring in his cock would just rip her to pieces. Serge saw that the girl was afraid of taking it deeper. He guessed that her tight teen pussy wasn't ready for it. The guy just slapped her ass hard, leaving fingerprints on it. Natty got frightened and slid up his cock and started going up and down. Serge put his hand on the cheek he had just slapped and squeezed her trembling flesh.

  "Why don't you take my cock deep your snatch, bitch!" Serge asked and slapped her ass again.

  "Please baby... I can't take it anymore. It's too huge for me!" Natty begged Serge.

  "Bitch, I ain't your baby!" Serge replied and glanced at her boyfriend. "He's your man who enjoys watching you getting fucked!"

  Kate watched the bully and she couldn't believe that Alex and Natty almost begged Serge to stop. She saw that her pussy was stretched off the limits and Serge's both hands rested on the bully's ass. 

  All of a sudden, Serge squeezed Natty's ass cheeks and thrusted, burying the entire cock deep in her pussy. It was so painful that the bully cried on the top of her lungs. She was eager to get that monster cock out of her ruined pussy. Serge knew that she would try to climb down from his cock and left his hands on her ass cheeks to prevent it.

  It was too much for Natty and she squealed like a pig, but the guy didn't let her get accustomed to his huge cock. She was made to slid up and down his shaft. The girl looked down how grotesquely her pussy lips were stretched around the cock and some blood was seen on it. It went without saying that Serge ruined her would-be tight hole. He didn't torture the girl, because he knew that his cock was too much for even a burned-up whore. Serge decreased his pace and he had finally stopped. 

  Natty was riding him and she couldn't believe that he was going to be gentle with him. Saddling him, she tried to relax so that her pussy would get accustomed to his cock. Doing that, the girl felt his hand moved from her ass cheek to her ass-hole. Natty knew that it drove guys crazy and didn't try to say anything. She kept on relaxing and it felt like her pussy getting accustomed to it.

  Serge liked his cock buried to the hilt in that stupid slut and he felt his cock being clenched. It was so awesome and he was having the time of his life. His hand instinctively moved to her ass-hole. The guy was sure that the girl couldn't imagine that he was going to fuck her ass hard. He slowly drove two fingers of his in her back-door. 

  Natty immediately came back to life, but decided not to strike up a quarrel. Her pussy felt to stuffed that there was no room for anything and now her ass was getting finger-fucked. How surprising it could appear, but she began to relax. The bully immediately remembered about Kate and knew that she would do her best to make her pay for all the things she had been getting through. 

  As Natty was making up a plan of the revenge, she heard, "Hey, man! She's your slut! Go and fuck her ass! It's still unoccupied!"

  The girl immediately came to herself and turned her head to her loving boyfriend. She saw sadness in his eyes and he stayed silent. Natty was sure that there was going to be a fighting between Serge and Alex, but she already knew who was going to be a winner. How Alex could let it happen: his girlfriend was mauled, called with dirty words and even fucked hard. 

  Alex couldn't do anything. He knew that he would have to do whatever Serge told him. The only thing Alex could do was to save the rest of his respect in Serge's eyes. It was his only hope not to be treated like a shit. Of course, Serge saw it, but played the rules. He had some ideas about Alex and he was going to bring them to reality later. His mission now was to make Natty a dirty bitch.

  Natty was surprised when she saw her boyfriend taking off his shorts. As he was getting naked, Natty started sobbing at the thought of his next move. She understood that Alex would do whatever he was told.

  Trying to be cool, Alex put on a smile on his face and get off the bed. He stood behind his girfriend Natty and watched Serge's cock hammering into her overstretched pussy. Although he felt sorry for his girlfriend, he hoped she would understand that he had no way to do it another way. The look of Natty's pussy sliding up and down that monster cock made Alex extremely excited. He knew that he had to lubricate his cock or it would be really painful for Natty's ass.

  Glancing aside, the guy saw Kate kneeling and waiting for attention. It was time for him to chek out her professional skills. Grinning, he just turned to her and put his hand on her head. The girl already knew what was going to happen when she saw the cock in front of her face. Kate was happy to do anything to save her pussy. She opened her mouth just in the time. Alex slowly drove his cock down her throat until his balls hit her chin. Although the girl had already deep-throated a real monster cock, Serge's cock, she couldn't still get accustomed to do it. She knew that she had to do more practice in it, but the guy wasn't going to give her chance to think it over. Alex just started fucking her mouth and Kate could do nothing. 

  It made her choke, but she knew that she'd have to like deep-throating this or another. The girl was sure that she would give head very often. Despite of that rough face-fucking, Kate closed her eyes and tried to relax. She wanted to relax so that she could enjoy it. Little by little, the girl got relaxed and she started increasing the pace of her sucking herself. Her tongue started swirling along Alex's cock, covering it with saliva. The girl was like in a trance and she didn't care if she was a slut in somebody's eyes.

  The girl's slurping sounds and clenching throat around his cock drove the guy crazy. Alex felt his cum boiling in the balls and he knew that he wouldn't last long if he continued. Alex wanted to cum in this slut's throat, but he had to fuck Natty's ass or Serge could punish him and he didn't want to imaine what it was going to be. 

  Slowly Alex pulled his cock out, watching the saliva-covered shaft sliding out of her mouth. As soon as the head of his cock left Kate's warm mouth, the tip of it sprang up and hit against his abs. It left wet traits there and he stepped up to the youth fucking on the bed. He had never had threesome and considered it something dirty. He could never imagine that he was going to try it, especially with his lover. Not everyone tries such a thing in his life and especially not at that young age. 

  Alex got on the bed and took his place behind his girlfriend's ass. He just put his hand on her back and everyone was ready for more. Natty knew that there was no way back and arched her back, giving her boyfriend a better access. Serge stopped thrusting into her ruined cunt and froze. He also took his fingers out of her ass-hole. Alex looked down at it and saw that it was pretty stretched. Withought giving it a second thought, he pressed the tip of his cock against that hole. 

  Natty froze in awaiting of pain, but it wasn't. She felt her ass-hole getting stretched to the limit, but Alex managed to do that penetration painless. It didn't take much time to drive the intire cock inside her tight ass-hole. The guy heard Natty gasping as she tried to get used to the two cocks stuffed in her both teen orifices, but the guys didn't bother it. They just started moving and Natty thought she was going to be ripped to pieces. Serge and Alex tried to find the rhythm and it didn't take much time.

  Kate sat on the floor and she could see it in the first row. She saw two huge cocks sliding in and out of the orifices. Kate thought that she would die if she were in Natty's shoes. On top of that, all that drove her crazy. Ashamed of herself, her hand moved down her body until it had appeared on her pussy. It was already slippery. Kate seldom masturbated, but she couldn't help masturbating now.

  It felt so awesome when her fingers flicked on her swollen clit and warm waves spreading along her lust-filled body. The moans of the four of them filled up the room and everyone was having the time of their lives despite of the situation they were.

  The rhythm of Alex that had been pumping his girlfriend made Kate increase the pace, too. She felt her pussy clenching and her toes curling. The girl closed her eyes in pleasure and she was being overtaken with coming orgasm. Her juice was pouring out and she had finally stuck two fingers of hers deep in her slippery pussy. It was the time for her to have orgasm and the girl froze. Kate liked the sensation of her fingers clenched in tight pussy.

  Coming to herself, the girl's breath was slowly restoring after having the toe-curving orgasm. She opened her eyes, but everything was blurred. Like in a trance, Kate brought her juice-covered fingers to her mouth and sucked them in, having the time of her life.

  Enjoying it, her sight had finally focused on the pile of sweating bodies in front of her on the king-size bed. Kate had finally seen that they stopped their marathon and froze. In a moment she saw Alex pulling his cock out of his girlfriend's well-used ass-hole. As soon as he had done it, Serge resumed to fuck her. She watched it like a cock-addict and saw a thick stream of cum poured out of her abused asshole. The cum made its way down and it made Serge's cock that had been pumping Natty's pussy look dirty. After a long rough fucking her ass-hole couldn't close and it appeared so gross for the young girl Kate.

  As she was shocked and hypnotized with that look, the girl lost Alex out of her sight. When she came to herself Kate saw Natty's boyfriend next to his girlfriend. He was in the seventh heaven and his cock was wasted between his legs. Kate didn't know what was wrong with her, but she thought she had to clean it. The cock was still covered in globs of cum. The girl made her way to him and took the cock in her hand. 

  Alex didn't said anything when he felt the clutch of her hand. He just knew whose hand it was and he didn't hesitate that Kate was a nature-born slut. In a moment he felt the lick of her tongue on his sweat balls. Alex didn't resist it at all and he didn't have to say the girl what to do. It seemed like Kate knew what she had to do. 

  As the girl was busy servicing her bully's cock, she heard that Serge and Natty's moans became louder. It excited her much and Kate sucked one ball after another in, making Alex gasp. The girl could feel his cock getting hard in her warm mouth. She was obsessed very much when she heard Serge.

  "Slut, I'm gonna flood your cunt if you keep like that!" Serge said, constntly increasing the tempo.

  These words frightened Natty, "Baby, please don't make me pregnant!"

  "Maybe, you'll be lucky and it'll be OK or you're gonna be young mommy in the school!" Serge suggested.

  "Please, don't cum inside me pussy! Pleeeease!" Natty begged his mercy. 

  The bully felt Serge began pumping her pussy up and she felt his cock throbbing. The girl was smart enough to understand that he was about to cum.

  "Please cum in my mouth. Cum in your good slut's mouth!" Natty tried her best to reason with him.

  After hearing it, Serge slapped her ass hard and left his strong hands on her cheeks. There was no way for her to climb down that monster cock. Frightened as hell, Natty started thinking about possibilities. Her pussy was sore from that hard pounding.

  "You can fuck my ass and cum in there, stud!" the girl said with trembling lips.

  She was sure that his cock rip her apart, but Natty could let herself have a baby. As soon as the girl had pronounced those words, Serge pulled her from his juice-covered cock and threw Natty on the bed.

  The girl's pussy was unstuffed and sore as hell. She immediately put her hand on it, trying to decrease the pain. Her pussy was so stretched that they looked like a butterfly. They were hanging and purple. Her pussy was so sore that she didn't give Kate sucking her loving boyfriend's cock a care. The only thing she cared for now was her extremely-stretched pussy. Natty thought that her entire hand could enter it.

  Serge saw this sobbing bully and thought that there is somebody bigger than you in the world. He felt sorry for her, but knew that it would hurt at first, but then it'd be Ok. He looked at Alex and saw that Kate was on fire, serving Alex's cock, but she had been shy recently. The training day went perfectly.

  He moved over to Natty's legs and positioned himself between her legs. The bully kept on covering pussy, trying to recover her pussy, but it didn't work properly. Serge pressed his two fingers against her cum-stained ass-hole and they entered easily. 

  Sawing his fingers in and out, he said to her, "Even horse's cock won't be enough after I'm through with you!"

  Serge started but-fucking her fast, stretching her ass wider. Then a nice idea struck him. He got his fingers out of her teen ass and they were covered richly with Alex's jizz. He brought them against her pussy and Natty like a good slut took her hands away from her abused pussy. Only when his cum-covered fingers were inside her pussy, the girl guessed that she could get pregnant from Alex's cum. Natty wanted to tell him to stop it, but she knew that it was late for it.

  Serge liked the way the girl acted. He was sure that she wanted to say some stupid thing like "Don't do that!", but she knew that it was she wanted. Then he got his fingers out and brought them to her mouth. Withought giving it a second thought, Natty opened her mouth and licked away all the cum from it.

  Like in a silent movie, he made Natty get into a position that was convenient for him. The girl laid on the back with her legs apart. Serge pulled her ass in the air so that her feet were behind her ears. He put his hands on her ass and spread its cheeks a bit. Her both orifices were wide opened and they couldn't close. There was a crust of the dried-up cum around her backdoor.

  As a matter-of-factly, Serge pressed his cock against her puckered hole and thrusted it hard, burying it to the hilt. Natty didn't expect it and squealed like a pig, but it didn't stop him fucking her ass. Her squealing attracted Kate's attention. She glanced aside and saw that Serge's monster cock was pumping in and out of her ass-hole. The rest of Alex's cum was splashing out of the abused hole so that the globs of it landed on Natty and Serge's thighs.

  Natty squealed and she couldn't believe that it was happening with her. It felt like her ass was being fucked with a log. From such an enormous pain, the girl even forgot about her sore pussy. She couldn't believe why it was happening with her not with that slut Kate. Serge's cock held her tight as his cock hammered her would be tight ass-hole. The girl could smother her cries and they filled up the room. Natty even forgot that all this sequence was being shot on cam.

  Kate tried not to watch that brutal fucking, because it was her who was supposed to be used like that. She got her attention back to Alex's cock and the girl made it well-polished in a moment. When she got it out of her mouth it was shiny. Her jaw was sore from intensive cock-sucking and the girl was glad that she had finally finished her job.

  As soon as he had breathed out, Serge grabbed her hair and brought to his cock. He needed her mouth to clean his wasted cock. It didn't take much time for him to cum in the tight teen ass of Natty. So, Natty was a lucky girl but she wouldn't be so lucky the next time.

  Kate opened her mouth and swallowed Serge's wasted cock. She run her tongue along the lenth of the shaft, collecting all the globs of cum she could find. Kate was pretty good at it and she began getting the point of it. She was a quick learner.

  Serge thought that she did a good work with her agile and pushed Kate to Natty's ass. The girl was confused. She didn't understand properly what she had to do until Serge pushed her head so hard that her nose bumped against the widely-stretch ass-hole of Natty. Kate's nose immediately became cum-stained. She guessed that Serge wanted her to lick all the cum away, but how he could wanted to do such a dirty thing. 

  Remembering that it was her training day, Kate considered that many dirtier thing would follow and she hurried to do what she was wanted. The girl stuck her tongue out and licked Natty's ruined ass-hole. Her flesh startled from this touch. Collecting thick globs of cum, the teenager could taste a mix of jizz, shit and blood. It was so disgusting, but she tried to clean Natty's ass as soon as possible.

  Serge saw that everything went as planned. He came up to Alex and gave him fives. It made him happy that Serge still could considered him a cool guy and they started joking about these girls. They both called them names as they got dressed. They were full-dressed and Kate kept on licking Natty's ass-hole.

  As soon as the guys left the room, Natty pushed her fro her said, "You'll pay for this, you stupid slut!"

  After that, they started getting dressed in silence. Kate wanted to ask Natty to give her panties back, but she knew that the bully wasn't in the mood for being good. So she didn't said anything about it. She could see that Natty's body was in pain, because she could hardly move properly.

  "Holy-moley!" Serge cried out when he entered. "Sluts are ready for adventures."  

  With those words he walked them the door. Then he made his way to the sitting-room to give a call. He dialed up and waited for the answer.

  When he heard his friend's voice, he said in an excited tone, "Yo, amigo. I've got a great news for you. Some wet cunts will drop by today and be friend, make a session."

  "Sure, bro!" his friend's voice replied and after saying good-byes to each other the connection was broken.

Standing with the phone in his hand, he noticed a cell phone on yje bed. He immediately figured out that it was Alex's cell. Of course, he wasn't planning to give it back. Perhaps, Serge could find some great contact list in it. He was about to check it, but there would be time for it.

Your comments and feedbacks are highly appreciated at sluttish_88@yahoo.com