Harry watched with amusement as Severus stilled and then stood up with the resignation of one marching off to the gallows.

The playroom was upstairs on the second floor, and Harry motioned for Severus to precede him inside. Severus stopped at the threshold, his mouth hanging open in shock and, given his suddenly shallow breathing, probably panic.

Harry looked around him, trying to place himself in Severus’s shoes. The room was brightly lit, illuminating the décor. Numerous rings had been fixed in the walls, ceiling, and even in the floor. The floor itself was padded with some soft material which Harry had spelled not to cause rug burns — unless he wanted it to, of course.

A wall displayed an array of paddles, canes, whips and floggers, most of which probably looked very impressive to a novice. There was a waist-high padded bench in a corner; a few large chests were aligned against the walls.

Severus was holding himself stiffly and looked ready to scream. Harry moved in front of him, and smiled grimly when Severus’s eyes snapped to his face.

“Relax. I don’t intend to introduce you to all of that at once.” He clicked his fingers and an armchair appeared. Harry sat down and in a curt voice, said, “Kneel.”

Severus remained unmoving for an instant, and just when Harry thought he would have to repeat his order — and punish Severus for it later — he fell down to his knees and sat back on his heels, his back ramrod straight.

“You know, of course, what law I invoked to take you out of Azkaban.”

“Lex vitae mortisque,” Severus whispered.

Harry nodded. “Then you know that you are now mine. Mine to do as I please. Mine to let live, or mine to kill.”

Severus began to shake, but he held his head high and met Harry’s eyes as he answered, “I know.”

“I will give you a choice, Severus. I can kill you, right now. I’ll make it quick and painless, and I even promise you I’ll give you a decent burial in the place of your choice. That’s more than you could have expected from the Ministry.”

“Or?” Severus’s gaze didn’t waver.

“Since we last saw each other, I’ve grown. And I’ve come to know my. . . tastes. If you want to stay alive, you’ll have to accept me as your Master. You’ll have to obey me, unconditionally.”

Snape started at that. “Doesn’t the Life and Death invocation include an obeisance spell?”

“Normally, yes. But I want you to obey me, to submit to me of your own free will.”

“What would you being my Master entail?”

“As my submissive, you would see to my needs and my pleasure. I, in turn, would see to yours. I would lay a few rules, and you would have to obey them.”

“We are talking about a sexual relationship?”

“Of course.”

Harry distinctly saw Severus swallow.

“I’m not sure I can be a good submissive.”

Harry burst into laughter. “No? My dear Severus, you are such a natural sub. You’ve spent all your adult life under the thumbs of powerful wizards, and you played your role so well! I never figured you for a top.”

There were two spots of colour over Severus’s cheekbones. Harry smiled indulgently.

“I have no doubts that you will turn out to be an excellent pet, once you’ve been trained a bit. So, what do you say?”

Severus closed his eyes and tightened his fists. He remained silent for a long moment, but Harry had learnt patience in the last few years, and simply waited him out.

At last, Severus opened his eyes and said, “I don’t want to die.”

Harry let go of the breath he had been holding and he sat back in his armchair.

“I didn’t think you would. So, do you agree to become mine?”

Severus took a deep breath. “Yes.”

“Will you obey me, of your own free will?”

“Yes.”

“Yes, Master.”

“Yes, Master.”

Harry smiled, and judging by Severus’s suddenly apprehensive look, it must not have been a pretty smile.

“There are a few rules that you must remember and apply at all times. You must always address me respectfully. When I tell you something, you must do it immediately and without hesitation. And when I ask you a question, I want an honest answer. In return, I will endeavour not to harm you, and to remain aware of your limits. Now, strip.”

Severus stood up and unbuttoned his robe. He was of course wearing nothing underneath, and he stood naked under Harry’s gaze.

He looked like those pictures of the survivors of the Nazi concentration camps Harry had seen in primary school. Gaunt, the skin stretched taut, revealing every rib. There was a smattering of dark hair between the two rosy nipples, and again at the groin, surrounding a quiescent cock. Bruises were already darkening on his jaw, to Harry’s satisfaction. He liked marking his pets, showing them, and the world, whom they belonged to.

Harry stood up and his chair vanished. He turned around Severus, examining him. His back looked just as emaciated as his front, the scapulae sticking out like two wing stumps.

“When you are naked, your basic position shall be on your knees, legs slightly parted and hands flat on the thighs.”

Severus hurried to obey. He threw his head back, his eyes looking up in Harry’s.

Harry growled. “And your eyes should be trained on the floor.”

Severus lowered his head and Harry stroked his hair.

“Very good, my pet.”

He placed himself before Severus, his feet fitting in the space between Severus’s spread knees. Harry always felt pleasure at the sight of a powerful wizard kneeling demurely as if he had been born to it; the fact that the wizard in question used to be in a position of authority over him gave him an additional thrill.

“What is the extent of your sexual experience, Severus?”

From his vantage point, Harry could see the tip of Severus’s ears going red.

“A few fumbles when I was at Hogwarts. I used to see prostitutes irregularly for a few years after that, but I’ve been celibate for several years now.”

“How many years?”

Severus paused, then, “Fourteen,” he said reluctantly.

“Those prostitutes, were they male or female?”

“Female predominantly, but I’ve been with a few males.”

“Top or bottom?”

“Top.”

“You’re being very rude, pet,” Harry said in a mildly reproaching voice.

There was a sharp intake of breath. “I’m sorry, Master.”

Harry slipped two fingers under Severus’s chin and raised his head.

“While I appreciate your apologies, it won’t let you out of a punishment, Severus.”

Severus tried to nod. “Yes, Master.”

Harry went back to the matter at hand. “Have you ever been penetrated, pet?”

“No, Master.”

Harry smiled in satisfaction.

“Good. Now you are going to suck me, and depending on your performance, I may be persuaded to lessen your punishment.”

“Yes, Master.”

Harry did not move and waited. Severus soon realised what was expected of him and he raised his hands to Harry’s belt.

“May I?”

“Go ahead.”

Severus unbuckled Harry’s belt and opened his trousers.

He pushed them down a little, as well as the underwear, freeing Harry’s already hard cock. Warily, Severus took it in his hand and closed his mouth over the head. He sucked inexpertly on it for a few minutes, then released it to lick while his hand squeezed the first inches.

His other hand dipped in Harry’s jeans and found his balls. Severus kneaded them in rhythm with his short licks. He took Harry’s cock back into his mouth, sliding all the way down. It was too fast, too soon, though, and he had to stop for a second until his fit of coughing cleared. Once it had calmed down, he returned to his task, using both his hands in conjunction with his mouth.

Severus was definitely inexperienced at this, but he was making up for it with, if not enthusiasm, at least much willingness. Mindful of his pet, Harry tugged him away from his cock even as he felt his orgasm build up. With a shudder, he climaxed, shooting his come into Severus’s unsuspecting face, holding his hair so that he could not back away.

Slowly, Harry’s breathing evened out and he recovered control of his limbs. He took a good look at his pet. Strands of pearly white liquid were adorning his face, his neck, and even his hair. He was scowling in annoyance mixed with a little fear.

Harry reached down with two fingers and scooped up a little come. He pressed them against Severus’s mouth until the man opened it and took them inside. He did not take the fingers out until he was sure they had been licked thoroughly clean, ignoring Severus’s grimace, then made the rest of the mess disappear.

“Good. Now there is still the matter of your punishment.”

Harry saw Severus’s eyes turn fleetingly toward the wall where whips and paddles were hanging. He smiled.

“No, not yet. For your first punishment, I think you’ll need a more personal touch.”

Another chair appeared, this one straight-backed and armless. Harry sat down comfortably, his legs slightly spread. He held his hand to Severus who used it to pull himself upright, then made to drop it. Harry tightened his grip and tugged on Severus’s arm.

“Lie down on my lap, pet.”

Severus obeyed, though with visible distaste. Harry shifted until they were both in a comfortable position. He stroked Severus’s arse lightly, soothing the tension built up in the muscles.

“Why am I punishing you?”

The answer was not immediately forthcoming, and Harry gave Severus a little slap.

“I was disrespectful, Master.”

“Yes, you were. I think that fifteen strokes would be an adequate punishment and would help you remember to address me properly in the future.”

“You know best, Master.”

Harry smiled. “You’re learning. And that was a very good blow job you gave me right now, even though it was your first?” He made the last sentence a question.

“Yes, Master.”

“I thought so. I’ll take off five strokes as a reward. So that makes ten.” Harry paused. “When I dole out punishment, pet, you count aloud and thank me after each stroke.”

He immediately raised his hand and let it fall on the unprepared Severus. It made a very satisfying sound and left a red hand-shaped mark on his left buttock.

“One. Thank you, Master.”

Harry spanked him with the regularity of a metronome, alternating each cheek. Severus suddenly seemed to want to melt onto his lap. Harry snorted; as a former Death Eater, he would know that tensing his muscles could only make the pain worse. Harry noticed with delight that there was one part of Severus which was decidedly not relaxing, as he felt the beginning of an erection poking him in the thigh.

Apart from the count, Severus remained stoically silent during his punishment, which didn’t surprise Harry much. Voldemort’s punishments had usually involved Cruciatus; a spanking just couldn’t compare in terms of pain level.

By the time Harry finished administering the whole punishment, Severus’s arse was rather red, and Harry summoned a jar of Soothing Salve. Leaving the jar hovering in the air where he could easily reach it, he scooped a handful and let it trickle on Severus’s lower back, before spreading it on the heated skin.

Severus almost melted under his fingers as Harry worked the slippery balm into the skin, following the lines of the muscles, dipping teasingly into the crease.

Harry’s movements became increasingly more direct, until his index was circling around Severus’s hole. He didn’t try to penetrate Severus, merely firmly caressing the wrinkled skin, until Severus was gyrating his arse, his breath shortening and his erection filling.

Harry’s left hand took over, while his right hand slid under Severus’s body to take hold of his cock. It didn’t take long. Severus was very excited, and Harry knew exactly which buttons to push.

Severus was apparently the silent type. The only way Harry could gauge his reactions was by the gasps and the hitches of his breath. Even when he came, Severus didn’t moan or cry out; his body simply became rigid, and warm, viscous liquid flowed over Harry’s fingers.

Harry continued squeezing and pulling on Severus’s cock until he was completely spent. He then helped Severus to sit on his lap, pulling him close until he had calmed down.