I is for Indian
by Many Feathers ©

Authors note:

As a rule I don't normally write the so-called "This is a true story" type 
of stories. Which is not to say that much of what I have written does have 
some sprinkling of truth, based on personal experiences with a lot of 
fictional fantasy.

This isn't one of those. The names of course have been changed, but the 
experience as told is true. Just to let you know that I really can be a 
bit of a wild Indian given the opportunity. I hope you enjoy.

*

Many 'feather' years ago now, and I do mean 'many', I had begun attending 
one of the local Universities. As such, I'd also taken an apartment close 
by so I could bike so classes rather than driving as parking was at a 
premium. The apartment had been converted from an older home, and as such 
there was one small apartment downstairs, (mine) and two larger apartments 
upstairs. Of interest, there was ONE large, very large kitchen area that 
was common to all three. So in a sense, it was like living with roommates, 
though the only time you ever saw one another beyond visiting, was in the 
kitchen where it seemed someone was always coming or going having grabbed 
a snack or fixed something to eat.

This is how I came to know the twins, Sharon and Karen.

Like twins sometimes love to do, the girls enjoyed trying to confuse you 
into knowing who was really who. Ironically, I would discover that once 
again upon being blessed (cursed) with twin sons of my own. 

Sharon and Karen were as they say identical twins, literal mirror images 
of one another. Unlike some twins, the girls preferred to keep their 
hairstyles identical making it nearly impossible to have any other way in 
telling them a part. And though they didn't always dress exactly alike, 
what one twin would wear one day, might be worn by the other a while 
later. So there was no for sure way of knowing who was who from the way 
they dressed unless they told you. Which for some bizarre reason, they 
seemed to enjoy not doing, leaving you to wonder.

Within a reasonably short period of time, and because of the uniqueness of 
sharing a common kitchen area, I soon became very good friends with both 
of them, as well as Roger who lived in the other apartment across the hall 
from the twins. I was often jealous of his close proximity to them, 
hearing the patter of feet going back and forth to their apartment very 
late at night.

Living in this part of the country with the close proximity of the 
mountains as they are, if you're any kind of an outdoorsy type person, 
that's usually where you spend whatever free time you might have. 
Something I did, and still do as it tends to run in my blood! 

I'd gone into the kitchen area to fix myself a P B & J. Sharon and Karen 
were busily unloading groceries, but what was odd, was that many of them 
were the canned-goods variety. Even though they were women, neither Karen 
nor Sharon were known for their culinary abilities. So I found it curious 
that they seemed to be stocking enough canned meals that they'd be 
actually cooking dinners every night for a week!

"Stocking up for the winter?" I'd asked. And being that it was the middle 
of June they were getting off to a really early start.

"Camping," came the short reply, though I had absolutely no idea who'd 
spoken in saying that.

"Camping?"

"Yeah, you know where you actually go and sleep outside beneath the stars? 
Only that we're trying to locate someone with a nice-sized tent so we 
don't have to sleep separately in a bunch of those pup-tents, or beneath 
the stars in the event it gets too cold, or decides to rain!"

Karen I decided. She was certainly the more sarcastic of the two, though 
Sharon certainly had her moments. 

"I have a tent!" I ventured, not sure if my suggestion would procure the 
hoped-for invitation or not. Then upon saying that, I realized all I'd 
really done is offer it to them in borrowing it.

"Really? How big?" One of them asked, though I now decided based on their 
dress that it was Sharon who'd asked me, less sarcastic, and genuinely 
friendly.

"Pretty big!" I said evasively, still hoping for an invite, then smiled. 
"It's a little complicated to put up though unless you know what you're 
doing."

Sharon looked towards Karen briefly, and then back towards me. "Wanna 
cum?"

I thought I'd just died and gone to heaven.

"Just us?" I stood grinning.

"Yeah right!" It was definitely Karen speaking. "Actually Rogers coming 
with us, as well as some other friends we know," she stated.

I was a big tent, but it wasn't that big. "Jeez, I don't think it's big 
enough for everyone to sleep in," I stated seeing my invitation slowly 
melting away.

Sharon laughed. "Only the four of us will be sleeping in your tent, the 
other four have one of their own."

Suddenly life seemed good once again, even though Roger would be included. 
Though I happened to like Roger, even if I was a little jealous of his 
much closer relationship with the girls.

"When?"

"Friday," Sharon stated. "We leave first thing in the morning!"

I had a lot to do. Buying new underwear on the top of my "things to do 
list" for one.

#

We had reached the campsite in a little over an hours drive. It was both 
beautiful as well as secluded. The other couples had already arrived and 
set up their tent. With so many additional pairs of hands, we soon had my 
even larger tent set up in no time. Within a short period of time, lawn 
chairs had been spread, the cold beer in the coolers opened, and everyone 
settled in for a nice easy relaxing day. I had no clue as to what was 
meant by "The freedom to just be" as Karen so cryptically spoke once we'd 
gotten set up. I soon found that out much to my delight.

I'd unrolled my sleeping bag on one end of the tent, the girls placed in 
the middle with theirs, and Roger taking the other end. With the sleeping 
arrangements set, I strung the clothesline inside the tent, which both of 
the girls loved seeing. In addition to that, the tent was tall enough to 
stand in without having to stoop over, something else they loved being 
able to do, as I would also discover much later.

I'd already been introduced to the other couples. Kent and Stacy were a 
couple, married though attending school together. David and Diane though 
also a couple weren't married but seriously a 'unit' and were considering 
engagement. Both women were extremely attractive, as were the twins. So 
having four very nice, yet differing sets of (still covered) boobs to look 
at on the sly made the whole experience that much more enjoyable for me.

What I didn't expect nor anticipate was that I would soon be able to view 
and enjoy all that eye-candy without hindrance.

Like I said, whether it was Karen or Sharon would have made no difference. 
But one of them emerged from the tent a short time later. She was wearing 
nothing more than a short pair of faded blue cut-offs and nothing else. 
Once again I reached over and checked for a pulse.

Nope. I was still alive.

Her twin spheres were sculpted perfection. Softly rounded with a nice 
gentle slope, a fullness that made the palms of my hands ache. I was glad 
I'd not taken a sip of my beer as in all likelihood, it would have been 
coming out of my nose had I been drinking it when she emerged.

Not wanting to wear out my welcome as I stoically glanced appreciating the 
sudden view now filling my eye balls, I demurely turned my head in some 
attempt to appear suave and sophisticated, though I already felt my cock 
beginning to stir in preparation for performing the happy dance.

The twins had what I would have to describe as shoulder length, though it 
fell slightly below the shoulders, strawberry-blonde hair. Sharon (or 
Karen) stood just outside the door of the tent beneath the canvas awning. 
Flipping her hair, she leaned forward and began brushing it out. I sat 
staring, as her beautiful pink-tipped breasts seemed to hang there in 
suspended animation. Which just so happened to be (and still is) one of my 
favorite viewing poses. 

"Ah Rick?" I heard as Roger spoke as he sat across from me. "You ready for 
another beer?"

Which is when I realized I'd just taken a sip from an empty bottle. 

"Ah yeah...sure," I stammered feeling a bit guilty at having been caught 
in so decadent a thought as Karen (or Sharon) continued to stand there 
brushing her hair out.

"Kinda nice huh?" he laughed passing me a fresh beer. I couldn't have 
agreed more.

I was still watching when suddenly she stood, flipping her hair back 
behind her head, her eyes locked with mine, a knowing smile on her face. I 
decided right then and there it had been Karen who'd stood brushing her 
hair, and who had caught me with my proverbial hands in the cookie jar, 
only in this case, it was my eyes on her luscious-looking breasts.

"Enjoy the show?" she asked walking over to sit in one of the lawn chairs. 
In response all I could do was lift my beer in salute to her, thankful 
when Roger did the same.

Diane soon joined her sitting down between Karen and Roger. As she sat, 
she reached down pulling the tight form-fitting tank top she'd been 
wearing up and over her head. She had what I affectionately referred to as 
the three P's. As her breasts came quickly into view, I noticed they were 
Perky-Pointed and Pretty!

I've always considered myself a true connoisseur of the female breast. 
Like fine wines, each are uniquely different. Some are dark, rich and 
full-bodied, others a nice mixtured blend, while still others a light pink 
sparkling variety. Diane was definitely the latter.

We sat talking enjoying our beer. I was hoping of course while struggling 
to keep my prick from performing the happy dance, that Sharon would soon 
join us as well. I was curious as to just how 'twinsy' they really were. 
When she finally did emerge from the tent however, she'd chosen to remain 
in what was still a provocative looking outfit. Wearing a sleeveless 
button down shirt, she'd taken the shirttails tying them into a nice tight 
knot beneath her breasts. Still, even with this tit-bit of information, I 
had nothing to honestly compare the two of them with yet.

Kent and Stacy strolled over towards us soon after. Stacy was smiling, but 
Kent had what could only be described as a 'Cat that caught the canary ' 
kind of look on his face.

"Where the two of you off too?" Sharon asked as they stopped only long 
enough to grab a few beers from the cooler before heading away towards the 
trees.

"We're going for a little hike," Stacy said winking back over her shoulder 
as Kent all but half dragged her ahead.

"Oh I see! A little nookie with the Wookie huh?"

Truth was, Kent did look a little like him. Tall, easily well over six 
feet. He had a full beard, though it was neatly trimmed, but his hair was 
long, even longer than either of the twins which he wore unencumbered 
rather than in a ponytail.

And yes, Star Wars was still big. I'd already been to see it three times 
myself. Funny how time passes, yet still has a way of catching up to you 
once again.

Karen laughed waving towards them with her arm raised back over her head. 
I could only sit there sipping my once again empty bottle of beer, 
suddenly reminded of a tune, as my eyes began following the bouncing ball.

A few minutes later, I decided to go for a little walk myself. A very 
necessary walk as if I didn't, I'd be trapped in my chair for the 
duration. I also had to pee, giving me even further reason and excuse to 
make my own way into the trees for a little needed relief.

As I passed the tent, I quickly grabbed my binoculars as I'd seen some 
deer earlier. It was also rumored that there were bears in the area, and I 
thought that I might as well find myself a nice little ridge someplace 
overlooking a few of the meadows and see if I'd luck out in spotting 
anything. It would also give me a chance to calm down some, collect myself 
before heading back to camp where I figured as evening came on and the 
night cooled, the girls would cover up some and allow me to behave a 
little more normally, as drooling from the side of the mouth seemed just a 
bit abnormal for most.

Once into the trees and well away from camp, I found myself a nice tall 
tree to pee on, relieving myself of all the beer I'd not realized I'd 
actually consumed. Soon after I spotted a deer-trail, deciding to take it 
in the event I might stumble upon something worth watching. And I did, but 
it wasn't exactly what I'd expected to find. I had followed the path up 
through the thick tall standing furs until it crested at the top of a 
little ridge overlooking one of the small meadows below. Sitting down on 
what was a rather smooth comfortable looking rock, I picked up my 
binoculars and began scanning the tree-line for any signs of life. 
Catching movement out of the corner of my eye, I swung back in that 
direction, off to the right, almost directly below me though about two 
hundred yards away, I spotted Kent and Stacy. They were naked, having 
spread a blanket beneath them where Kent lay on his back, Stacy at the 
moment straddling him, and going at it like crazy.

I did another quick look-see about to ensure that I was in fact alone, 
then returned the binoculars to my eyes, focusing for even better clarity 
and began watching as they soon after changed positions, getting into one 
of my personal favorites as it were, a '69' position. And though the 
distance was great, with the aid of my very powerful 'nocks', it was in a 
way just like being there!

This was without a doubt far better than watching any mule deer, or even 
bears wandering about for that matter.

"Hi Tom!"

The sound of her voice startled me, nearly dropping the binoculars I spun 
staring up and into the face, or rather tits of Karen who'd somehow 
managed to sneak up directly behind me without being heard.

"Shit! You scared the fuck out of me!" I said, suddenly fearing the carry 
of my voice might be heard down below as I suddenly lowered it. "What are 
you doing here anyway? And what did you call me Tom for?" which I then 
realized the answer to before she had need to explain it. "Very funny," I 
answered for her.

She laughed, sitting down beside me taking the binoculars from my hand 
raising them as she spoke. "And I thought you were the Indian," she said 
teasingly. "I could have scalped you, and you'd never even known it. 
Oh..." she suddenly paused, then giggling. "And I can see why!"

"Give me those!"

Like two kids fighting over the last cookie, she pulled away from me 
swinging her arms as well as her breasts in the process. I gave up.

She continued looking for a moment or two longer before much to my 
disbelief, she stood, slipping one hand down the front of her loosely 
fitting Levi shorts. It didn't take a whole hell of a lot of deduction to 
know what she was doing. Mesmerized, all thought of Stacy and Kent down in 
the meadow below disappeared like a long lost friend. All I could look and 
think of now was the subtle, yet very obvious motion of her hand as she 
stood there fingering herself in front of me.

"Fucking hot isn't it?" she said as though describing the weather. 

Which to me was an understatement, more like "un-fucking believable!" I as 
sat there continuing to watch her while she stood pleasuring herself 
without thought to being self-conscious about it, nor the fact I was no 
longer interested in what was taking place down in the valley below.

She finally lowered the glasses, once again handing them to me, which I 
accepted half automatically, curious now...and wondering as to what might 
happen next.

"Would you like a hand-job?" she asked.

"Excuse me?" I said wondering if I had indeed heard her right. Which she 
confirmed a second later.

"You heard me, a hand-job! Would you like one?"

"Ah, well yeah sure!" I said honestly, excitedly.

"Well ok, but here's the thing. You keep watching those two, tell me what 
you see, what he's doing to her while I do that. No talky...no strokie, 
get it?"

"Got it!" I answered a little unsurely.

"Strip!" she ordered, which I did. Watching her do the same, once again to 
my surprise as she unbuttoned her jeans letting them fall down around her 
ankles where she stepped out of them before sitting down next to me there 
on the rock.

"Well?" she asked waiting, nodding her head in the direction of the 
meadow. I put the glasses to my face and began giving her a 'blow-by-blow' 
description of what was taking place. Literally.

I felt her hand clasp my firm hard erection, finding it very difficult to 
continue talking, until she reminded me sternly with the sudden release of 
my cock with her hand.

"Ok, ok!" I stated, beginning to describe things one again, though I found 
it very difficult for me to actually do so. I also realized as she sat 
beside me, she was one again fingering herself while continuing to 
masturbate me. She was obviously ambidextrous, and damn good at it! At 
some point, I made an effort to reach over towards her where I got a firm, 
polite, but pointed warning.

"I can handle it myself," she stated warningly. "And unless you want to 
handle it yourself...keep talking!"

So I did.

To be honest, once Kent got between Stacy's legs while on top and began 
fucking her, he sort of lost all creativity from my point of view anyway. 
I mean there's only so much you can do except to say, "he's fucking her, 
in and out, in and out," and so on. So...I began making things up. Which 
Karen seemed to like especially when I told her how he was playing with 
her breasts, sucking on them, or kissing her neck. Shit like that. When I 
did, she began really caressing my cock with a great deal of excitement, 
not to mention herself as the sounds of her liquid pussy suddenly enhanced 
my own pleasure as I sat doing my imaginary commentary, listening to the 
sweet slippery sounds of her fingers as she sat beside me finger-fucking 
her cunt. That and of course, jerking me off quite wonderfully.

"Make sure you tell me when you're about to come!" she stated.

"Oh, ok."

"I mean it! You tell me before you do, I don't want to get any of that 
shit on me!"

(Yeah, she really did say that.)

I continued describing what was not really taking place until the pleasure 
had simply gotten to be too much to ignore any more. So I warned her. She 
bent my cock forward as though aiming it towards the meadow, and I had to 
half lean over in the same direction to keep her from breaking it off when 
I came, which I soon did.

Afterwards, as we both dressed, she looked at me and laughed. Which made 
me feel a little uneasy.

"What?"

"You should become a writer," she told me.

"Oh? And why's that?"

"I do have eyes you know. And they weren't doing any of that shit."

"Then why'd you let me continue?" I asked.

"Because you made me believe that they were," she said walking away.

(Ok, so maybe those weren't her exact words, but she did say something 
about me having a great imagination. So I'll leave it at that.)

By the time I made it back to camp, the place was deserted. Though the 
sounds coming from within the other tent told me David and Diane were 
having a little fun of their own.

We'd left Kent and Stacy taking an 'afterglow' snooze in the meadow. Karen 
had wandered off towards the creek where I was reasonably sure she'd be 
cooling off. Which left Sharon and Roger's whereabouts unaccounted for.

I began making my way around the side of my tent with the intention of 
putting away my 'Peeping-Tom's' as Karen had called them when I heard 
them, or rather heard Roger as he groaned. As quiet as an Indian having 
taken a recent lesson on that, I approached the tent peeking in through 
one of the back screened windows. They were standing in the middle of the 
tent. Although Roger was naked, Sharon was still wearing a pair of shorts 
although her breasts were finally exposed. Unfortunately, without having a 
side-by side comparison, I still couldn't determine if their breasts were 
as identical as they were. But at the moment, that thought really hadn't 
crossed much of my mind. What I quickly realized was that Sharon was 
jerking him off as they stood, Roger happily fondling her breasts as she 
did. I nearly spoke calling out to them through the window.


"Hey! Don't be getting any of that shit on my tent!" though the thought as 
I thought it, sounded a hell of a lot like Karen's voice. As I remained 
silent, watching them.

Weak in the knees, I could tell Roger was getting close. Sensing it 
herself obviously, Sharon stepped into him as though holding him up. 
Relinquishing her breasts as now forced to do, he merely stood hugging her 
off to one side as his cock now rested against her thigh, her hand nearly 
straight down as she stood, jerking him off as though yanking on a hose. 
Which to one degree or another, she was.

Once again the thought of Roger squirting his spunk all over the inside of 
my tent didn't sit right with me. I really was half tempted to speak up 
and say something to them before he did.

"Almost there?" Sharon giggled questioning.

"Yeah! Can't ya tell?" Roger answered shakily.

I actually opened my mouth to say something when Sharon released him 
reached into her back pocket producing a large white handkerchief, which 
she suddenly folded over the head of his cock, then proceeded to start 
jerking him again. I shut my mouth smiling. Content now to watch. Seconds 
later he was fucking her fist, the white hanky suddenly filling as it 
moistened becoming wet as she gathered his semen within it. Wiping him 
off, she handed him the remnants with two fingers and began getting 
redressed as Roger collapsed down onto his sleeping bag, spent.

#

The balance of the early evening was spent in preparation for dinner. It 
remained unusually warm for the season, even though it was summer. Nights 
up in the high Uinta Mountains can still be quite cool. Regardless, 
camping just isn't camping without a fire. And as the sun finally set, we 
lit ours and soon had a toasty warm fire going even though it was barely 
if hardly even needed. The necessity for lanterns wasn't required however 
as we had more than ample light from the fire to see by.

By now we'd all begun in on the hard-stuff, my head was already a little 
woozy, grateful at least that I'd eaten or I'd no doubt be passed out long 
before midnight arrived. Sharon emerged with a CD player, battery 
operated, and soon began dancing sensually to the beat of the music as the 
flames from the fire flickered up high into the air silhouetting her 
rather erotic dance. As hoped for, one by one the other girls joined her, 
dancing in a continuous circle around the fire. Kent who was rather 
boisterous anyway, began urging the girls to "Take it off! Take it off!" 
as they danced. Sharon was the first to do so, sliding up next to him as 
she peeled off that same sleeveless halter she'd been wearing all day, 
draping it over his head then darting out of his reach before he could 
grab her.

"More, More!" was urged again.

"Not until you guys give us something in return!" Diane challenged. Dave 
of course was the first to stand removing the shorts he'd been wearing, 
which like me, was all he had on save for his briefs underneath. Having 
done that, we all got brief stares before the girls would start dancing 
again as one by one the guys stripped down to briefs, though I of course 
hadn't been wearing any. I tried begging off, saying that was all I had 
on, but the girls weren't having it, saying I still had to take something 
off, regardless of whatever else I did, or didn't have on. Needless to 
say, I was the first there to find themselves totally naked. 

As the girls stripped, finally so did then the rest of the guys until we 
were all naked, watching the girls dancing now more provocatively, boldly, 
if not downright vulgarly around the fire as the guys sat watching, or in 
Kent's case, uninhibitedly stroking and playing with his cock while they 
did.

Stacy seemed to get a kick out of that, periodically making her way over 
to him where she'd wiggle down into his lap, and though hard to tell for 
sure, I was fairly certain along with everyone else that they'd enjoyed 
several quick little cunt-fucks together. It was the beginning of several 
interesting lap type dances.

(Author's note: L IS for Lap Dance!)

As expected with the obvious and normal pairings, Diane began doing pretty 
much the same thing with Dave. Climbing up into his lap where it became 
very obvious as to what they were doing as Stacy continued teasing Kent in 
much the same way. Karen and Sharon had for the most part remained 
elusive, watching them, watching us while they continued to dance holding 
hands together. Finally they broke, Sharon coming my way, and Karen 
towards Roger. I was shocked as I felt the soft fur of Sharon's pussy 
slide wickedly up my exposed thigh. Simultaneously, she reached down with 
her hand, stroking me briefly, slapping my hands away as I reached for her 
breasts, then teasingly going back to dance, rejoining her friends. Over 
and over the girls continued doing this until I thought poor Dave was 
going to tackle Diane and fuck her there on the ground. He did manage to 
convince her to mount him once again however, and we all watched as they 
truly began fucking in earnest. Sharon rejoined me soon after, as Karen 
did with Roger. Kneeling beside me, she began jerking me off finally 
allowing me to fondle and play with her breasts, which by now I had 
finally determined to be just as 'twinsy' as she and her sister was. 

At one point Sharon finally crawled up into my lap, though facing away, 
her round firm ass slowly lowering. I thought briefly we were actually 
going to fuck, but she quickly grabbed my prick, moving it out of the way 
as she sat down now straddling me. And though we were obviously NOT going 
to do any fucking, she did perhaps the next best thing. I felt as she 
began using my cock to masturbate herself with. Felt her hands guiding my 
hard prick back and forth against the opening of her pussy without putting 
it in, obviously stimulating herself in the process, as well as me.

Had it been Karen, I'm not sure I'd have enjoyed even this much as I 
noticed poor Roger still merely being stroked as she sat by his side 
content on watching everyone else...including her sister.

Once again I was given "warning" and complied to her wishes. Feeling the 
climax eventually reach the point of no return, I told her I was almost 
there, to which she pointed my prick away from herself, still Jacking. 
Eerily, I sat looking around her as my spunk flew from the tip of my 
prick, arching high into the light of the fire before disappearing as 
though somehow consumed by it. Perhaps during those first one or two, they 
actually had been. Regardless, I was very happy, and very much content, as 
the eroticism of their dance had taken me beyond fevered pitch.

Eventually, we all retired to our respective tents, where somewhat 
disappointedly, I slept alone in my own bag, as did Roger in his, without 
any further excitement.

#

I've never been one to sleep in, especially while camping. First up, I did 
so right along with the sunrise, enjoyed a much needed pee, then proceeded 
to get some coffee going before I became too irritable.

It was nearly finished, the aroma of freshly ground beans filling the air 
when Roger emerged sleepy-eyed from the tent, looking like something the 
cat had dragged in from the night before.

"Coffee?" I asked having already poured myself one. He responded in some 
sort of unintelligible language, which I took for a yes, and poured him a 
cup as well, which he gratefully took from me.

"Some night huh?" I'd asked. By now Roger had had enough coffee to begin 
speaking fluently once again.

"Pretty wild!" 

"They always like that?" I asked again.

"Like what?"

"You know...such fucking cock-teasers." Which in my estimation, they 
really were. Even though they were also pretty good, and pretty free with 
giving out hand-jobs.

Roger laughed. "You might could say that," he said snickering. "But I have 
to admit I am surprised."

"About what?"

"You got a hell of a lot further with Sharon than I ever have!"

I stared at him incredulously. "I just assumed," I began. Once again 
making him laugh.

"Assumed what? That I was fucking them?"

"Yes!"

"Trust me Rick, not that I haven't tried, because I have. But the only 
thing they'll ever do is give hand-jobs, though they're pretty good at 
doing that, and will gladly give you one any time you ask. And I ask them 
both...a lot!"

I sat shaking my head. "What? They're saving it for marriage or 
something?"

One again he burst out laughing. "Don't you know?"

"Know what?"

"Haven't you ever wondered why they never go out, never bring any guys 
home with them?"

I had, but I hadn't. Once again, I'd pretty much assumed that Roger was 
banging one or both of them. 

"You mean they're gay? Les?" I corrected myself.

"After a fashion I guess," he snickered once more. Just then, we both 
heard moaning coming from inside the tent. At first I thought one of the 
twins was snoring, but then it became blatantly obvious it wasn't that. I 
stood, curious.

"I wouldn't do that if I were you," he told me.

"Oh? Why not?"

Roger sat shaking his head. "See for yourself then, just don't let them 
see you looking at them. Really pisses them off if you do. Trust me!"

Heeding his warning, I performed my newfound Indian trick and tiptoed up 
to the tent without stepping on so much as a twig.

I peeked in through the screened opening of the window...

But that's a whole different story, and an entirely different letter of 
the alphabet. But I will say this much, I discovered much to my surprise, 
there's a little wild Indian in all of us! 


 
