"You are such an evil. mean. prick..." Michael managed to make his fingers massage at each word. 

"Speaking... of pricks..." Brian smoothly glided into Michael, hitting the "pleasure spot" again.

"Oh, God! That... felt good!" Michael traced his hands up Brian's back to cup around his neck. "You're getting better at that... like a perfect target."

"You've offered me enough chances to try."

"I'm glad you're willing to learn."

"I like the way you teach your lessons to your students."

"This... is like pre-school. Give me twelve-plus years to make you a 'master' degree in Michael Novotny 101." Michael hooked a leg over Brian's hip.

"I promise to be a good pupil and take my discipline well."

"The homework's fun too."

Brian sent a quick look over his shoulder. "Is he there, yet?"

"I think he's waiting for us to shut up."

"No. I think I know what he wants." Brian lifted himself to spread Michael's thighs wider, which caused his anus to open up into the air. He felt a finger... like a thumb... playing at his entrance, pushing in. Brian wasn't slamming into Michael quickly, like the last time. He was slow and deliberate, caressing Michael inside.

Ben pushed his thumb pad in, turning his finger around to work Brian's prostate. Brian's pace picked up speed. Ben liked this backside view of Brian slamming into Michael's ass. He was stroking himself, sliding his thumb out. He reached under to soothe the skin of Brian's scrotal sac, then fondled the oval shapes in loose skin. Brian's pacing was broken, haphazard, but he was fitting deeper and deeper into Michael.

Ben stood facing Brian's rear and bent to kiss a trail from the dip in the lower spine up to the nape. Burying his face in the moistened brown hair, Ben fit his rigid length inside Brian, sinking in and drawing out. He simply wanted Brian's body to get the "feel" of him before he joined the rhythm between Brian and Michael.

Brian plunged once into Michael, then thrust back onto Ben. His body shuddered at the heightened sensation and rose upward, standing on his knees with his feet hooked over the edge of the bed frame.

Michael had hooked an arm about Brian's neck to follow. "I wanna ride your cock..." He whispered these words against Brian's skin, letting them hum.

"Don't let me stop you." Brian wrapped his left arm about Michael's torso, allowing him to bounce up and down. Feeling Michael take over control made Brian lower his upper body onto Michael's chest, as if hugging him upright.

Over Brian's shoulder, Michael grabbed for Ben's hand on Brian's shoulder, he wanted his immediate attention. He was silently telling Ben to follow his lead. It would look as if Ben were fucking Michael, if Brian weren't between them, taking the brunt. Ben nodded his head, in agreement, closely watching as Michael went down on Brian's cock. In that same moment, Ben slammed into Brian.

Brian was more than weakening, he was almost growing limp, drained of any energy. Michael held strong, supporting the back of Brian's head. His arm crossed over the naked back to hold the body close. Brian hid his face in Michael's neck, kissing the exposed throat and collar.

"Michael..." Brian's voice sounded distant and muffled against Michael's chest.

"Yes?" Michael could detect a pitiful sound to Brian's tone. Some hidden emotion was overwhelming Brian. "I'm here..."

"I love you..." Brian groaned as he felt the thickness fill him, then Michael take him. He wanted to thrust but his body simply couldn't do anything but remain still, until he came.

"I know, sweetie..." Michael closed his eyes, knowing this might happen at some point. Vulnerable emotions in overload. This was why he wanted to be with Brian, so Ben wouldn't think anything strange. "I know... love you, too."

"No! I fuckin'... LOVE! You!" Brian had enough strength in him to shake Michael, hoping he would make some sense. He felt Ben hit his "pleasure spot". "Oh... gawd..." With one arm, he reached behind him to latch onto Ben's ass. "... fuck me... I'm cumming..."

Michael shoved down, squeezing his entire body around Brian. "Cum for me, baby." He tucked hands underneath Brian's chin to slide behind his head. He locked his fingers in the hair. "... let me feel you fill me... completely..." He quickened his speed, rolling his hips to fuck his body on Brian. "... make me yours..." For a small set of seconds, he wanted to look at Brian, one more time, arching back onto Ben's chest, able to watch him orgasm.

Ben wrapped an arm about Brian, mid-torso, holding him flush to his chest. As Ben kept sliding in and out, Brian came, spurting every last, explosive drop of semen in the condom. Michael continued to pound away on Brian, feeling his own orgasm swell and ejaculate. Ben came soon after theml, the sensation of Brian's anal walls tightening about his length.

"I--I--I'm dead... I'm dying..." Brian was actually quivering from his release. Michael moved first, using Ben's shoulders as support. They sandwiched Brian between their bodies, calming him down.

Then Michael began to rub his hands along Brian's arms, creating some kind of warmth in Brian's shivering body. He softly chuckled, holding the sides of Brian's head. "You are not dead... or dying." He yanked Brian close to his heart. "I've got you... you're right here... with me."

"We're all dying... in some... way... jus' don' know it..." Brian was beginning to mumble his words, falling forward onto Michael's chest.

Michael raised his eyebrows to Ben. "Do you know what he's talking about? Was it something in those last two questions?" He watched Ben pull out of Brian, getting rid of the used condom.

Brian almost fell off the bed. Ben was there to keep him steady.

Michael realized Brian was too listless to even remove his cock. So he took care of adjusting his body and ridding the flaccid length of the rubber. He tied off the end, handing it off to Ben to dispose of. Michael simply kept holding and rocking Brian.

"No. I don't think so." Ben wanted to get a better look into Brian's eyes, his face. "Is he asleep?"

"Was there a vagina nearby?" Michael tried to joke to make the uncomfortable situation less nerve racking.

“Michael, you are so bad.” Ben found out how heavy Brian really was as he attempted to lift him while laughing. "I suppose when he answered that question, he didn't realize how honest he would be, in the right environment."

Michael gestured for Ben to keep an arm about Brian's exhausted frame. He moved up to the head of the bed, organizing pillows and pulling back sheets. "C'mon..." He patted the soft mattress to lay Brian down on. "... bring him over here" He aligned his body to shape where Brian would be placed. "Lay him close to my body." He watched Ben transfer Brian into carrying him in his arms.

Ben really didn't know what to think of this. Just odd that someone as promiscuous as Brian could be so susceptible to any sign of weakness. "Should we be worried? Is this, like, a medical condition?" He gently settled Brian down on his back. There was some room left for Ben to crawl into. As he watched Michael tuck Brian's body to his side, he saw the shake of the head. "What do we do, then?" He stood by the side of the bed, naked and feeling his own orgasm still coursing through him. It amazed him that he could still want Brian, even after having him twice now.

"Uhm..." Michael scratched at his jaw. He rested his arm above Brian's head on the pillow. His lower body was tight about Brian, but the upper portion remained docile. The hands caressed tenderly over the flushed skin. "I've only been petting him... massaging his body. Sometimes I kiss him." He bent pressing soft kisses to the bare skin. "Mostly, I hold him... 'til he wakes up." Wide brown eyes stared down into Brian's peaceful, slumbering face. "He passes out from exhaustion. Just a reactionary shut-down mechanism from his body when he's over-exerted himself. He never knows when it'll happen."

"Has he done this while you two--?"

"Yes... apparently, even Brian Kinney has 'limits'." Michael ran the back of his hand down Brian's cheek. "I don't know exactly what triggers it. Some nights... we've fucked for hours without him fainting. But I think I know why he did tonight." His hand trailed down to rub over Brian's stomach and belly, catching on the bony hip. "The weed, for one. And... he's been so worried about this threesome." The arm that was above Brian's head, brushed through the wet locks. "More worried about me..." He nudged his nose on Brian's face. "... more than himself." He quietly sniffled, leaning his brow on Brian's temple.

Ben climbed in under the covers, shuffling his body closer to Brian's. He could feel those visible shakes dwindling down to nil. "Will he be all right?" He didn't know why, but he brought his left hand up to caress Brian's face, brush lightly through the hair.

Michael lifted his head, kissing Brian's forehead and laying his cheek on top. "Yeah. When he finally wakes up, I'll need to make him something to eat."

Ben was about to lift the blankets to go to the kitchen. "Like what?"

"A sandwich..." Michael let one arm rest over Brian's waist, hugging him tight. "... some orange juice..." His smile didn't really reach his eyes, because they were too watchful of Brian. "... he likes the bananas."

Ben really didn't know if he should stay through this. This felt awful personal between Michael and Brian. Not that... invading their bedroom and having sex with Brian wasn't "personal" enough. The guilt was weighing heavy about now. He wanted to get home to Lukas as quickly as possible. "Should I go?" He could feel Michael pulling away from him now. The night was over for him.

"No. Stay. It's okay." Michael reached over to soothe Ben's forearm. "He'll hate that you left without giving him a chance to send you off with his dry humor and wit."

Ben glanced down at Brian, then back up to Michael's glowing face. "He certainly makes you laugh... A LOT." He meant to stress about the laughing in the bedroom. Well... also, pretty much all the damn time they were together.

"Always has... always will." Michael was playing with Brian's hair twisting it and combing it back from the high, pale forehead.

"You two..." Ben shook his head in awe. "I don't know what it is about either of you, but I have never laughed more in my life. I'm a little jealous."

"A LITTLE?" Michael almost choked on his own words.

"Okay... sarcasm... not my strong point. I come off pompous. I'm simply amazed how you two really are with one another. I've been in your life longer than Lukas. By his second week here, he already understood everything about you and Brian."

"Has he been chirping in your ear all this time?" Michael raised his eyebrow in curiosity. "Luke is a pretty straight-forward guy. I knew he was open to a lot of things, but that fact that you're here..." He let his voice trail off in shock.

"Luke... doesn't feel alive unless he can ruffle my feathers."

"He also seems to want to 'pet' them, as well." Michael sent over a friendly smile.

"That... is what shocks me the most."

"What? That he knows you so well and gives you a hard time?"

Ben nodded, laying back on the pillows. "He's relentless, which I thought meant he clearly hated me. That's why I got over him so fast in college. But... I found out quickly how much 'heart' he really had." He shook his head in perplexity of why he didn't simply let go of Michael when it wasn't what he wanted anymore. He still thought Michael was a great guy, but so was Lukas. It was a win/win situation. "He complains about how he thinks he's ruined the lives of those around him. Hung on when he should have let go. He never sees how great he really is."

Michael shook his head in wild wonder. It had always been exactly what he had been telling Ben about Brian. He had to turn away for a bit, closing his eyes. When he returned, he spoke clearly. "So... maybe that's your job."

"Huh?"

"To never let anyone forget how great a man Luke is." Michael's eyes dropped to Brian as he said the words.

"Michael... you're pretty wonderful too. You know that, right?"

"All I care about is my family and friends. Those I love who love me. I don't give a shit about how I look or appear." Michael squeezed Brian's frame tighter to him. "I'd turn my back on the world... for him."

"I believe you would. With no regrets." Ben had an idea. He attempted to recall the last few items off the interview. "Do you want to be young and beautiful... or rich and smart?"

Michael chuckled lightly. "Sounds like a question for Brian. Shit, no. All overrated, if you ask me." He lent his jaw on Brian's head. "No... I'm pleased and content with Brian."

"Your best years... right in front of you... or back behind you?"

"In front of me... and, truthfully, the best is yet to come."

"Who... was your first love?"

Michael looked down at Brian's face, tracing a finger tenderly over the features. "... Brian..."

"True love... do you think it's real?"

"Uh... well... I think there are such things as soul mates. That could be almost similar. Love is such a delicate emotion. I'm not sure any love is true... we all lie at one point or another to the person we claim to love. You can remain true to them about giving away your heart... if that's what 'true love' means. I'll just say... 'no' and tell you that Brian is real enough for me."

"Are you in love now?"

"God, yes!" Michael hefted Brian off the bed into his warm embrace. "More an' more each day."

Ben looked away, picking at the bed linen. "Marriage... would you, if you could?"

"I can't say I haven't thought about it. I've assumed that it was simply not for gay men. For certain people maybe they need the 'ring' or the 'ceremony' to help clarify something they can't see plainly. I'm sure Brian thinks I want it all. House, white picket fence and kids. But really... all I've wanted, or needed, was him. Everything else, if it happens, is gravy."

"Do you want children?"

Michael paused, relaxing back amongst the pillows and wall. "For myself? God, I've never seriously--" He then turned to face Ben, directly. "When Brian told me what Lindsay had asked of him, most think I was angry because I was jealous. Linds' fantasies about having a 'piece' of Brian I could never have." He raised one lone eyebrow. "Which is true, to some extent. But the reality became..." The arm about Brian tightened. "... I hated Linds for making Brian trudge up shitty things done to him as a child. I'll never really know why he agreed to 'father' Gus. Something in me wants to say he really wanted to break the cycle of pain. Raise Gus the way Jack never did for him. Even when Brian felt like he had to abandon his son... there was something 'good' in Brian wanting him to thrive. He wants... needs to be better than Jack. To win... to survive, I guess."

"And yourself?" Ben was always interested to know how Michael could wipe away everything of himself and simply think about Brian's welfare. But not be overtaken or obsessed with his emotions. Brian Kinney's own private cheerleader.

Michael rubbed Brian's bare biceps. "Gus is enough." He closed his lips from admitting more.

"Michael... no, he's not..."

"He's a part of Brian I never got to see. I love Gus because of Brian. I see 'him' in everything about that little boy."

"Why? don't you think you could love a child of your own, the same?"

"I know nothing about how to be a father."

"Well... I think Brian would have a different answer." Ben turned on his side to face Michael, straight on, over Brian's form. "No man knows what to do, Michael. And some... are worse than Jack." He kept silent about his own household, having had his own “Jack Kinney” to deal with.

Michael let the comment go, because he knew Ben would never open up to him. Ever. "I just--I'm not sure I'm ready for the huge responsibility."

"That's why you have Brian. To relieve some burdens."

"He shouldn't have to take care of my child."

"He loves you. He'll love your child, Michael. I guarantee it." Ben didn't want to reveal too much, in case Brian wanted to keep this fact secret from Michael. He simply chose to make a point. "What if... Brian wants to?"

Michael let a silly grin slip out as he glanced down into Brian's face. "... yeah, Brian wanting my child..." He shook his head in disgareement, but then he remembered their discussion the other night. "He's told me himself he's often thought about it. But reality is so much more different. I don't want to mess up peoples' lives or my own. I already have enough problems, some days."

Ben nodded, taking that as Michael's final answer. "Are you happy to still be here?"

Michael snickered, looking at Ben under his lashes. "Here on Earth or here in bed with Brian sleeping next to me?"

Ben shrugged one shoulder. "Either. You decide."

"Then... I choose Brian. The Earth can wait her turn."

Ben lowered his head to look down at Brian. "Should we wake him at some point?"

"Nah." Michael soothed a hand over Brian's chest, down his left side. "He'll do that on his own.”

Sure enough, Brian made a feline stretch, rolling over toward Michael. His hand came out to clutch Michael's hip under the blankets. He let his body sink into the bare chest, legs tangled with Michael's. "Mmmmm... was I out long?"

"Under ten minutes."

"Hmm... I'm getting better at reviving myself." Brian suddenly drew back slightly. "Did Ben leave?"

"No. He's right behind you." Michael gestured over Brian's shoulder. “In bed with us.”

"Ah. It's why I'm so warm." Brian didn't even turn to acknowledge Ben's presence, he curled about Michael. "I thought it was all you."

“Nope.” Michael caressed Brian's hunched back. "I had help tonight."

Brian pulled away to look at Michael. "Do I really scare you when I do that?"

"Uh... yeah..." Michael cupped Brian's cheek, tracing his jaw line. "If I didn't understand you and your body so well, I'd have a fuckin' complex by now."

"Well... now you know it's not just you. It is just from exhaustion." Brian went back to surrounding his arms about Michael's torso. "I'm glad you stuck around."

"I can't leave the scene of the crime. Who would know what to tell the cops when your cleaning lady finds you?"

"True." Brian sighed against Michael's naked flesh. "Too true."

Ben finally saw a great place to exit on. "Look... it's getting late..." He sat up on the side of the bed, looking back at Michael and Brian.

Michael held Brian tight. "Are you leaving?" He did feel bad for tricking Ben a few times tonight, but he actually didn't mind so much.

"Yes. I think my 'welcome' has worn out."

Brian huffed, mumbling against Michael's chest. "You men are all alike! You treat me like your 'bitch'... fuck me, then run. I bet you won't even call!" He threw that over his shoulder.

Michael waved Ben to walk away, not to egg Brian in his foolishness. "Pay the Drama Queen no mind."

Brian held Michael at a bit of distant to look into his face. "Did you tell him we were considering making him breakfast? Ingrate. Another Fuck-N-Run. I bet he's scampering off to be with another man."

Ben muttered, getting up off the mattress. "You'd be right." His naked backside showing, Ben strolled into the living room where his clothes were. He could still hear Brian and Michael.

"See! I told you, Michael. Men... are scum..." Brian buried his face as if he was ashamed.

"We are men!"

"We are Bottoms!"

"We're still men. And... you are not a Bottom."

"Am so!"

"Are not!"

"Uhm... did you not see the massive blond fortress of pecks slamming me in the ass... TWICE?"

"Okay... then which one of us is the Top in this relationship?"

"You are."

"Am not!"

"Are too!"

Ben was putting on his jeans and picking up his button-down shirt when he shook his head. He lost himself in laughter, big smile on his face. It used to annoy him, their weird, childish bantering. Now... it was soothing to him, because he knew where it truly came from... their hearts.

No malice, no real anger... just genuine love. 

"I like being a Bottom!"

"So do I!"

"No, you don't, Brian."

"Yes, I do, Michael. My ass..." Brian was taking Michael's hand to rub over his ass cheeks. "... feels gloriously fucked..."

"That is soooo not a good reason to enjoy being a Bottom."

"Why? What would you say?"

Michael shook his head, covering his mouth with two hands. "Never say. Sworn to secrecy. By the Oath of the Bare Bubble Bottom Society. We have a code we never break."

Brian went to attack Michael's lips, growling under his breath. "I know what you need..."

Michael was lost in giggles, because not only was Brian making him horny... he was ticklish about it. "Brian... get... get off me. You were 'deathly' ill... near death... dying in my arms... only a few short minutes ago..." He was rolling around in the bed, when Brian stopped him and clutched him tight around the arms.

"Wait? What... did you say?"

"Brian... get off me..."

"No. No, after that. The 'thing' in your arms."

"... dying in your arms? Is that what you mean?"

"Yeah."

"Brian... wha-?... what's wrong?"

"Nothing."

"No. Not nothing. Nothing didn't make you turn ten shades of pale."

"All right. It is something, but... later. Jump into the shower. I'll join you in a few." Brian swatted Michael's ass as he climbed out of bed. He reached for the robe Ben had discarded and belted his nakedness away.

"Where are you going?"

"To lock up behind Ben."

"Oh... okay... but you better not make him cry!"

"I can't make any promises!"

The bathroom door shut as Brian stepped down the two stairs into the living room. The water was turned on in five seconds, the water pipes churning.

"Did you hear that?"

Ben found his glasses and put them on. "Yeah. Your loft has great acoustics." He was packing up his satchel now.

"No... what Michael said."

"Yes, I did."

Brian walked up to lean on the back of the couch, one hip hiked up and dangling down. His right foot was flat to the floor. The robe was open, creating shadows over the pale skin. It wasn't difficult to know what was beneath the silk, but nothing could be seen. "You do know... this is it... for you and me? No more seconds. Tomorrow... you're back on my shit list and being 'Benji'."

"Well... the 'love' was fun while it lasted. I realize that." Ben caught his jacket and rolled it over his forearm. “Thank you.”

"Uh... look..." Brian pushed off the couch, padding over to Ben at the entrance to the kitchen. "... I'm not the kind of man who doles out personal advice. I actually think it's better to let mistakes happen and fall on your face, in the process. Or else... how would you ever learn?"

"So... what are you doing?"

"Right now?... making Michael jealous... pissing him off..." Brian smirked, knowing that wasn't the answer Ben was expecting.

"You always know what you're doing."

"Half the time I wing it. I push buttons. I'm just lucky enough that Michael loves me beyond all this... petty stuff."

"Petty stuff?" Ben squinted blue eyes behind his frames. "Like this threesome?"

"No... well, yeah..." Brian put out a hand. "... no, wait..." He really didn't know what he wanted to say. "... no, uh..." Then he just shook his head. "Nope."

"Could you really sacrifice so much for him?" Ben furrowed his brow in curiosity, wondering where exactly Brian Kinney went from here.

"Yes." Brian even nodded his head in self-agreement. "What about you?" He waited for Ben to take his bait, but he remained silent. "I'm thinking... the reason you want to leave is... you do have someone waiting at home, for you, in bed. You're willing to lay down your ego/pride and walk blindly into his arms. With no qualms about what you're leaving behind." He opened his arms wide. "Which would be... me..."

"Selfish asshole."

"You know you want me. You still do. It's the same for me. But what's different is... we're stronger than our baser needs, right?"

Ben nodded his head, agreeing. "I love Lukas."

"And I love Michael. Think about the situation with me..."

"How so?"

"I like sex. I like men. I love cock... but... none of it fulfills me more than Michael."

Ben crossed his arms over his chest, smiling ruefully. "Are you trying to give me advice?"

Brian cleared his throat. "I like Lukas. He's a good man. I'm telling you now... this..." He gestured between their chests. "... is it between you and me. One night only... and you agree to walk away.'

"Don't worry... I wasn't coming back."

"Now who's the selfish asshole?!"

Ben stepped to the steel door, grabbing the handle. "Brian... I get it. You don't have to sledgehammer it into my head. I'm done here. My life is with Lukas now."

Brian shrugged both shoulders, not expecting Ben to get so huffy and grumpy. "I only wanted to be clear with you."

"You were."

"Good... now..." Brian pretty much figured Ben had seen enough of the Brian and Michael Show tonight. "... get the fuck out of here and shut my door."

"Bye, Brian." Ben winked, blowing Brian a kiss as he slid the metal door closed.

~~TBC...