True Friends
by Heartless 

Part 1

Vicky just turned 18, she was tall, blonde , nice perky breasts and an ass that was hard not to look at.

Her friends decided to treat her to a trip to Hawaii, she didn’t have to pay for any of it... but unknowingly it came with a high price.

The trip was going really good at first, they paid for an adventure with atvs through some really beautiful mountains, spent some time at the zoo.

She even parasailed and they bought her some things at the gift shops in town. On there way back to the hotel they saw a group of cute guys and started talking with them.

The girls all had beautiful bikinis on and see thru Hawaiian over skirts, which just tied at the waist over there bikini bottoms.

They got to talking and the guys told them about a really pretty spot that the turtles swim at and if they wanted they would take them.

Vicky thought it was a bad idea, they didn’t really know these guys, her friends however were very into the idea, they mumbled how maybe they could all go skinny dipping and see these cute guys naked.

Vicky went along even though she didn’t approve, soon they were at this cove which was pretty well lighted with blue and yellow lights that made the entire beach glow.

The girls started asking the guys if they were just visiting, then they proceeded to ask them if they wanted to skinny dip with the girls and they sounded interested , that’s when Vicky spoke up, I don’t think we should do that ... it’s stupid, besides I have a boyfriend at home and he wouldn’t appreciate this.

Her friends were not happy, they paid a lot of money for this trip, this experience, they were trying to have fun and possibly see these toned fit men strip for them and Vicky was ruining it.

Her friends huddled up and were whispering, Vicky outside the circle , did you hear me, I said we are not getting naked in front of these guys and they are not getting naked in front of us. Do you understand ??? Your crazy to think we are all going to strip on this public beach.

Her friends surround her, your right Vicky, this is your trip, this is your present and we want you to really have a trip to remember. The guys all watched not sure what was happening.

Natalie slowly grabbed her hands and Courtney grabbed her over skirt and used it to tie vickys hands behind her back as she struggled, what are you doing stop. Hailey stood in front of Vicky with her fingers playing with her bikini bottom strings.

You know... Vicky... we paid a lot for you to be here, you have been a disrespectful little bitch, your right about one thing, we are not getting naked .. they are not getting naked ... but you are because your a goody too shoe little bitch and we’re going to enjoy ripping your bikini off, then these sexy handsome guys can inspect that tight pussy and your perky titties. Got it?? Talk to me like that again Vicky , disrespect your friends ... we will make your humiliation worse.

Vicky struggles, she yells at hailey your just jealous because I have a better body then you and my pussy is fire and all the guys want me and your just good for a quick fuck.

Hailey looks into vickys eyes and says to her... you are going to regret that... more then you know... your humiliation was going to just be here with us and these guys ... your friends at work... your neighbors all my phone contacts all these guys phone contacts... we are sending them your nude photos and whatever else we decide to do to you.

Vicky begs , please I am sorry I’m sorry please no no no, you can’t, I will never be able to go back to work and look at those people . I will do anything I swear anything anything please I beg of you I fucking beg you.

She slowly leans in .. Hailey says you will do anything?

Vicky bows her head in defeat , yes I will do whatever you say. Hailey tells her I own you ... do you understand.. your mine... for the rest of the trip... if I as much as say strip nude , no matter where we are .. you do it .. do you understand... if I ask you to lay down spread eagle and cum in front of a store you will do it. Vicky wept a bit, I understand , I would rather these people see then the people I have to look at everyday.

The girls untie her, she won’t be needing those. If you try to run or don’t do what I ask I will have you tied up so fast and it won’t be good for you do you understand bitch . Now Let the fun begin shall we.


Part 2 - Anything I Say

Hailey and Vicky’s friends all decided it was getting late, told the guys they had fun and all went to the hotel lobby.

Vicky whispered to Hailey and Nicole , so I guess you guys had some fun, you really had me going there.

Nicole looked at Hailey and looked back at Vicky... she pushed stop on the elevator and it came to a halt. You just couldn’t keep your mouth shut could you, Vicky’s face showing signs of embarrassment and shame.

Hailey put her head down, we were going to wait until tomo to start your humiliation but since you can’t shut your little slutty mouth, strip naked right now.

Vicky paused, Nicole yelled at her in her face , you heard her clothes off now everything and hand them to me. Slowly Vicky grabbed her tied bikini bottoms and slowly pull the string ... Nicole grabbed it out of her hands and yanked both sides clean off, her shaven pussy coming clean into view.

Nicole bent over to pick up the bottoms and as she lifted her head she took her fingers and slid them inside her slit and right before she stopped she leaned forward and put a finger in her ass and jammed it inside , what are you doing Vicky said, whatever I want , now slowly kneel and then sit on my fucking finger.

Vicky started to cry, Nicole grabbed her head with her other hand and said I guess you need some help. Forcing her to the ground slowly Nicole’s finger was sliding inside Vicky’s asshole, Vicky let out a small moan.

Suddenly Hailey told Nicole , this little fuckin slut likes that shit, try to get more fingers in or maybe your fist, your hands are pretty small they both laugh.

She tightens her fist and pushes extremely hard against her tight little asshole and says now , push down, I want to see this whole fist inside you, Vicky got up and said this is to much, Hailey says we say when it’s to much bitch, now bend over.

She slowly bends over her nice tight ass sticking out , Nicole tells her to spread her was cheeks and slowly Nicole forces her fist inside , it goes inside and she tells Vicky to thrust her fist, suddenly they here a ding. The elevator starts moving.

Nicole pulls her hand out , Vicky standing bottomless asks for her bikini bottoms back to cover up, she pleads , then the door opens , Vicky’s hands covering her pussy tightly , it’s two young men in there 20s, they both notice and can’t help but turn back every few seconds. They click only two floors up.

Lucky for her it would be over soon , the door opens again and they start to walk away , suddenly Hailey she yells at Vicky and tells her to remove her hands and spread her legs wide open for the two young men.

Vicky doesn’t move, nervous and scared, Hailey says well that was going to be a quick and easy thing but now it’s not, she invites the two men to come inside again. The elevator is at a stop because no one else is waiting.

Hailey tells Vicky , I’m not playing games anymore it’s either you remove your hands or we take that bikini top off too and we will just hold your hands and spread your legs . So lean your back against the wall , pop that pussy out and let’s see it, Vicky removes her hands and the guys are starting and eye balling her , she spreads her lips as they kneel and get an eye full . Play with it Vicky.

Vicky slowly puts her fingers inside and rubs her clit , Hailey opens the door and says alright boys out. Vicky gets her bottoms back and they all head to the room. Right before bed Hailey says, pull another stunt where you can’t listen and you won’t live through the embarrassment . Do you understand , Vicky complys, time for bed we have a big day tomo first stop the grocery store. 


Part 3


 