Harry lay in his darkened room, covers pulled up under his chin, arms supporting his head as he lay on his back and stared at the black ceiling. He knew he would be unable to get any sleep until he sorted out the last couple of hours in his mind.

*****

Harry’s decision to return to Hogwarts was consistent with his usual behaviour; impulsive and hasty. For a while now, he had the feeling he was floating rudderless and directionless. While his graduation from Hogwarts had affected minor changes to his life (moving into his own apartment in Hogsmeade, no set schedule to stick to, the ability to be up at night without the necessary imposition of his invisibility cloak), the majority of his time was spent in the company of those who knew him well.

In the two years following his graduation and before Voldermort’s death, his hours were spent in planning tactics, designing and refining spells and counter-curses, mediation and contemplation to focus his mind and his resolve, and hard physical activity to mould and streamline his body. In his work with the members of the Order of the Phoenix and the almost daily visits from Hermione and Ron, Harry felt like he’d not left the protective womb of Hogwarts. Even the weekly strategy meetings with Dumbeldore and Snape were exhilarating.

He exalted in his ascent to adulthood and took the opportunity to involve himself in new friendships and relationships (albeit short-term ones). Once the glamour of dating a celebrity had waned, his numerous girlfriend’s noticed problems not normally associated with a man of his age; overwhelming devotion and bouts of romanticism punctuated with marathon sessions of intimacy. If you had asked any of his girlfriends why they had broken things off with him, they would have shrugged and replied, “He’s alright of course, he’s really nice. He’s just so intense about everything!” Harry took these break-ups in his usual stride, what was one more rejection when he had been experiencing them his whole life?

And he gradually began to lose those that meant the most to him. Dumbeldore had slipped off quietly in his sleep a year after Voldermort’s defeat. He was placid and peaceful to the end, satisfaction flowing from his every muscle as his final mission was complete. He allowed no one to cry in his presence, saying he was quite content to join his predecessors on the wall and on the other side. Harry suspected that it was Dumbeldore’s impending one-year anniversary that had influenced his sudden decision to return to the castle.

After V-Day (as the demise of Voldermort was now known as), and much to his own and Dumbledore’s chagrin, he had been swept away by the Ministry Of Magic. Snape’s predication became true – Harry was the poster boy for wizards and witches everywhere. Press conferences and photo shoots filled his days, pre-planned schedules thrust in his hands with the terse admonishment “We can’t disappoint the people now, can we Harry?”

Autographs, event openings, public speaking; Harry fell into his bed every night drained and unthinking. Not only was he hounded and salivated over on the British Isles, his presence was demanded overseas – all wizarding folk wished to see the Boy-Who-Lived, the Boy-Who-Saved-Their-World. Harry’s natural good manners dealt with the fans and impositions until one day he snapped. At yet another interview, where reporters with Auto-Quills quivering in excitement asked the same inane questions over and over again, Harry had stood up and told his stunned audience that while he had been the Boy-Who-Lived, he was now the Man-Who’d-Had-Enough, and they could now go fuck themselves. After, he’d regretted his words and abrupt departure, but he suspected that the press wouldn’t turn against him. And even if they did, at least they’d finally leave him alone.

After a few weeks sulking, Harry had enrolled in Auror training. The constant training and daily reminder of hexes and death made the experience a torture to him, so he quietly left before the trainers could make a scene. Ron had accepted his decision, even though he wished Harry could have joined him in his chosen profession. Hermione, ever the practical one, had reminded Ron that Harry knew all he ever needed to about protection and policing, and deserved a chance to explore other options. Like Ron, she’d known where she was going as soon as she’d left school. Before they had graduated, Gringott’s had approached Hermione – the goblins appreciative of the attention to detail and discipline she showed in her studies. She made quite a comfortable living which supported both herself and her new husband. While there were no new Weasley’s running around at the moment, Harry didn’t doubt that, once Ron had finished his training, Hermione and he would get started on the next generation with gusto.

And that was part of Harry’s problem – his friends had easily and happily settled into their new stages in life. Even Neville was making good in his chosen profession; never had the Minister of Magic found a more willing and capable Under-Secretary (and that was including Percy Weasley’s internship in the equation). Harry had been drifting now for nearly a year; never settling on a career or a partner. The only constancies in his life were his flat in Hogsmeade, his friendship with Ron and Hermione, and his unconscious and unfathomable attraction to the Hogwart’s castle.

Which led him to his current predicament. When he had arrived in the night, he had hoped for no fanfare or special fuss – his plan was to gain a room for the night, sleep in and surprise Headmistress McGonegall in the morning. He had no doubt that his presence would be welcomed, particularly as it was coming up to a difficult time of the year for all of those whose lives had been touched by Dumbeldore. When he had entered the castle, the only living being he’d met was Dobby. Dobby had squealed loudly until Harry reminded him that people were trying to sleep, had declined his offer of a five-course meal to help settle him in, and had graciously allowed Dobby to help him carry his bags to the Room Of Requirement. Harry suspected that this room was still a secret to the majority of people at Hogwarts, and was just the place to get a night’s uninterrupted sleep.

But he had not accounted for the silence. After unzipping his bag and turning down the covers of a deliciously soft bed that had appeared for him, he had stood in the middle of the empty room, rocking backward and forward on the heels of his feet. The fact was that he was not tired. The fact was that he sought human company. The fact was that, at this time of the night, there would only be one man awake who was capable of intelligent conversation. Thus Harry resolved to visit Snape.

*****

After realising that Snape wasn’t in his quarters, it was easy work for Harry to slide through the wards. Even though the threat of the Dark Lord and his minions was finally gone, Severus Snape, as predictable as the sun rising in the east and setting in the west, had left his heavily-strengthen wards up. Unfortunately for him, they parted like warm butter in the wake of the most powerful wizard of the time.

Harry spent a few quiet moments admiring the heavy decadence of Snape’s private quarters. He had never been there before, and was amazed that his normal austere Professor appeared to have a side to his personality that appreciate the creature comforts. No doubt that was to be expected from the sole heir of one the wizarding world’s oldest families, but the sight was innocuous with the picture Snape normally presented to the world. The furnishing were plush, the carpets deep, the colours muted and refined. If Harry hadn’t known any better, he would have thought he was in the wrong rooms. He had just been contemplating pouring a drink of that alluring whiskey and settling himself down for a good read when Snape had unexpectedly returned to his quarters.

And Harry had no idea of what to make of that half hour’s conversation, if one could call it that. If Harry was correct (and he had no reason to doubt himself), Snape was under the misapprehension that Harry did not exist. That in itself was strange, what was remarkable was that Snape appeared quite happy to talk to Harry’s spectre as intimately as he would a close friend (always assuming Snape had close friends, Harry was unsure as to that).

And the things he’d said! Visions of Harry shadowing his every move? Harry’s mere presence giving him comfort in the throes of his nightmares? Harry didn’t know if he should feel flattered or mortified. He had suspected Dumbeldore’s death had been a harsh blow to his former Professor, was it possible that he was indeed losing his mind? Harry bit his lip and shook his head unconsciously. No matter what had occurred that night, the tone and look of the man was pure Snape. Harry’s smirk made a single bright slash in the black room. He had to agree with the Professor, no matter what he’d previously thought; the man was as sane now as he ever was. So what to do now?

Harry sat up abruptly in his bed and urgently whispered one word. “Dobby.” Within seconds, the cheerful house-elf stood at the foot of his bed.

“Master Harry sir, is there something I can be getting for you?”

“No Dobby, but I was wondering if you would be able to do something for me,” Harry replied, slipping his glasses back onto his face.

“Anything for you’s, Master Harry. Dobby be very happy to serve you.” Dobby bowed until his long, thin nose touched the floor.

“Dobby, I want you to keep a secret for me.” Harry paused, going over the words in his head until they sounded right. “I don’t want anyone to know I’m at Hogwart’s yet. I want a couple of days to settle in without having to meet up with anyone. Could you keep it a secret for me? I don’t want the students to know, or the Professors, or even the other house-elves. In fact, if we could make sure that even the ghosts didn’t know, I’d be very happy.”

Dobby’s head tilted inquiringly to the side. “You is not wanting anyone to know you is here? Why ever for Master Harry?”

Harry scratched the back of his neck – even he wasn’t sure of what his answer would be. “Um, I think I just need to sort some stuff out Dobby. And for that, I can’t let anyone know I’m here. I need my privacy. Will you help me with that?”

“Anything you is liking Master Harry sir. Dobby even bring you your foods and stuffs here. You just call for Dobby sir, I’s not telling anyone you is hiding.”

Harry grinned at the unwavering loyalty of his friend. “Thank you Dobby, I knew you’d understand. And it won’t be for long, just till I…think some things through.”

After Dobby said his goodbyes with a guarantee of a hot breakfast in the morning and had unceremoniously popped out of the room, Harry removed his glasses and lay on his back again.

Staring at the ceiling, Harry spoke aloud in the echoing room. “Okay Snape, I don’t know what’s going on, but I’m going to find out. You want to be haunted, well, I’m going to haunt you ‘till I work out what’s going on in that head of yours.”