Post-marathon warm-up for my wife's cold body
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

My wife and I decided to take part in the local marathon. Both of us train of the treadmill and thought it would be great to take part in a charity run. We signed up as individual runners as most of the others were in company teams. But due to hectic work schedules we couldn't attend all of the training provided by the organizers. Anyway, we were confident that w could finish the 42km run perfectly fine.

On the day of the run, a bright Sunday morning, as we reached the kick-off location, we realized the magnitude of the event. There were thousands of people, wearing running gear and their assigned "runner numbers" waiting for the kick-off. There was a briefing session as loudspeakers wailed out loud instructions. There was chaos everywhere...but we both stuck with each other. Finally after a delay of 30 minutes, the marathon started. It was a mad frenzy of people despite the instructions and the security personnel guarding the runners from the viewers. My wife and I held hands and started running calmly, gradually building speed. We were definitely not in the front and didn't want to be either. All we wanted was to finish the race and be content.

The chaos continued but by the middle of the afternoon, there were groups of runners. A group of 200-odd runners was leading the pack, and then there were "herds" of runners following the leaders. We were towards the back - not the last but one of the last groups. After 15kms we were already beginning to feel the strain, especially my wife but we egged each other on to run. Finally, the last five kms were the worst, my wife had already slowed down completely but told me to go on so at least one of us could finish. She would catch up with me later, she said. I ran even as I felt the last ounces of energy seeping away from my knee joints but managed to cross the line...but after that I just collapsed and blacked out. When I came to, I was in one of the rooms besides the stadium where we finished the marathon and it was dark already. I was lying on the floor on a mattress and there were two men rubbing my feet. I was given a few sips of orange juice and asked how I was feeling. I said okay, and looked around. There was one more man being attended to and my caregivers told me that about 30 people had collapsed. I asked them about my wife but they had no idea. I tried to get up but a sharp pain folded my legs and I fell down again, deeply in pain. The two men, both were Indians, firmly made me lie down and started working on my legs massaging the sore muscles and removing the knots. It felt so nice that I almost dozed off...slowly they worked on my shins, calve and moved to my thighs. I was in a dizzy. The message was having an adverse affect on my cock, which had swung all the way through the 21 kms and was slightly sore or chaffed...I can't be sure. But their big black hands massaged my thighs so sensuously that my injured cock raised its head. I am not very big at eight inches but my running shorts were well short and within no time my cock had slipped down the parting. The men just smiled at each other and continued the massage.

The other man being massaged in the room might have regained his strength because he got up and left together with his caregivers. And once they were gone, my caregiver held my slippery cock in his big black hand and asked me with a wink, "So is this muscle aching too?" I could only smile back...he really didn't wait for my answer and bent down between my legs and engulfed my rock hard eight inch brown cock in his slippery hot velvety mouth. His thick moustache was brushing the root of my cock and making me tingle all over. His other colleague continued massaging my thighs and slowly moved in a doggy position so that his crotch was right over my mouth. With one hand he massaged my thigh and with the other hand he slowly pulled his track pants down and let his half hard uncut cock dangle on my face. It was about nine-inch long and its wrinkled tip was brushing its scooped up precum on my lips. I am not a cocksucker but when a cock was knocking on the doors of my lips, I just had to show some hospitality. So I opened my mouth and let the smelly intruder enter in. The smell of his sweaty pubes permeated my nose and stayed put. I just had to clasp my lips around his thick cock because he did the rest. He fucked my virgin mouth for all of five minutes and let go of his gooey sperm load straight down my mouth. I couldn't take it and ejaculated in his colleague's mouth too. Since the cock-sucker who sucked me was left unattended I smeared his cock with his own precum and started fisting him to an orgasm. He came soon and thick ropes of his gamey cum landed all over my sweat-stained clothes. After which they both helped me get up to my feet. I walked gingerly, but I was okay. I said my thanks and walked out - guilty having enjoyed myself when I was not even aware of the whereabouts of my wife.

There was a row of rooms...and since most of the people had already gone, only three rooms were occupied as I could see from the lights filtering out. The first two rooms were actually unoccupied but the lights were left switched on. The third room was the last one and there was nothing beyond. I could hear voices from this room, so I peeked and saw my wife lying there on a makeshift bed. Three men were massaging her. And though she was breathing she was either blanked out or sleeping. I was about to enter to tell them that I was the husband when one of them said something that made me stop, "Shall we give her some of our body heat to warm her up? Perhaps she would be okay then." The other guys just looked at each other questioningly. "What body heat?" one of them asked, sourfaced.

"You know I saw this movie in which a woman and three men were trapped inside a cave while a snow storm razed outside. To stay warm they huddled together but the woman was weak and fell into unconsciousness like this woman and then one by one all men helped warm her up by fucking her and leaving their hot cum inside. In the end not only was she saved but she also got pregnant. I mean we don't need to make her pregnant but just by fucking her we can warm her up. It's just for charity, you know? Like a man helping a man...I mean a woman," the first one said, his big black nostrils flaring like a bull getting in sexual breeding heat.

The other man, also black and muscular although a bit smelly and sweaty, thought about it. He put one hand inside his track pants from the top and scratched his balls. Then without realizing what he was doing he pulled out that hand and rubbed his sticky fingers on my wife's slack mouth. Suddenly I wanted them to fuck her. Then I wouldn't feel so guilty after all. I pushed the door open and walked in silently, "Yes, that's true, you can make a woman revive by giving her body heat. Imagine you sperm has so much heat that just one of them can create a child...so millions of your sperms together can heat an oven...and this is only a woman."

"Who the hell are you? Oh I see a runner."

"Actually I am a coma expert. Here, let me help you," I said and slowly spread my wife's legs making her lying down like an open invitation to her stretched pussy. Then I slowly pulled her running shorts down first revealing the thick bush of her pubic hair and then her slit, everything matted with sweat. "Holy hairy pussy," said the man who had scratched his balls. His hand was inside his tracks again, this time I could see clearly that he was pinching the tip of most probably uncut cock between his thumb and the forefinger. He pulled his hand out and sniffed it like a crusty animal. I shuddered that this uncouth man might actually stuff his cock in my wife's pussy but that also thrilled me.

"Sir," I addressed him directly, "May I inspect your equipment to see if it will fit in."

In response he pulled his track pants down a bit too eagerly. There was a huge banana cock stuffed inside a very tiny pair of briefs. I sat down next to him and pulled his short briefs down, his heavy black cock slapped my cheeks and left a trail of precum. I held his cock gingerly and inspected every inch of the 10 long inches...I pulled up and saw the seam underneath and traced a line with my finger to his heavy balls laden with boiling cum that would heat my wife's oven and probably make some loaf of black bread inside. His cock was throbbing in my hands.

"I think it needs some lubrication before penetrating that dry pussy," I said and snaked my tongue out to lick the cock in a long swipe from its seven-inch thick root to its glistening purple piss slit. I gulped his cock head down my mouth and swirled my tongue around to wet it. There was no need for any lubrication as his balls were naturally preparing him for fucking my wife's dry pussy. Then I heard a voice laden with lust from behind me, it was the other man, "How about my equipment, is it good enough? Can you prepare me too, man?" I turned around to see another 10-inch black cock, peeking from under its wrinkled foreskin. I kissed it quickly on the tip, and said, "Just a minute sir, let me put this piston in the engine and I will personally prepare you."

With that I pulled the first fucker through his steel hard cock and rubbed his precum slicked cock up and down my wife's sweaty but dry cunt lips. The lips peeled open like a brown meaty flower with lacy edges and the hot breeding black cock slowly plunged inside like a diver going for the sunken treasure. Once the first fucker had established a nice rhythm in fucking my wife, I turned around to prepare the second cock. I sucked it to perfection till every single drop of sweat had been replaced by my own saliva. Then I positioned him at my wife's mouth and pulled her lips apart to open her mouth. He slowly inserted his black prong inside the mouth and started fucking her mouth like it was a hairless pussy.

The third man had not waited for me to prepare him and had been pulling his pud like a possessed man at the events unfolding in front of him. But once he saw that I was free he pushed his eight inches of black meat in my waiting mouth. He must be on the verge of cuming because he started spurting at the first touch of my tongue. Huge gobs of slimy lumpy cum coated my mouths and tongue, slowly I swallowed every bitter drop. 
The other two men, meanwhile, swapped positions and warmed my wife through both the holes. I continued to help both of them by licking their assholes and their hairy smelly balls from underneath even as they continued the assault of my wife by their horny stud cocks. Then as I poked a finger in his ass, the first one arched back and came deep inside my wife's over...in fact he came so much that it started flooding out leaving me with no choice but to clamp my mouth shut over the joint of his cock and my wife's pussy. I sucked out as he pulled out and in of her stuffed pussy. When he pulled out his deflated cock I sucked its slimy goo from the cock and the balls. The second man then started fucking my wife's slick but cleaned up pussy with a determination to mess it up again. And surely within minutes he came horsecock bucket loads of baby making sperm right up her cunt. I gave his cock the same treatment as his friends and sucked my wife's pussy clean. 

Just when I thought of calling a cab to go home, my earlier two caregivers barged in...holding their erect cocks in hand...then I thought I better wait till they finish.
