Bon Temps, Louisiana. It might as well be named Boring, Louisiana. Bon Temps had always been a boring and uneventful small town. When I last left to go to college I never planned on returning. But after graduating from college I just out of the blue decided that I'd return. Why? I honestly don't know. Well okay maybe I do know the real reason why, but I could've easily say no to the reason. So maybe I was really returning because I missed my cousins? Although, even if I did miss them I don't see any reason why I'd return. There are many ways I could see them again. Bon Temps was nothing but a waste of my time in my opinion. Yet here I was driving past the "Welcome to Bon Temps" sign.

Much to my displeasure I had lived there on and off for almost half of my life. The first time I ever lived in Bon Temps was when I was 10. I had been sent there by my parents to stay with my grandmother, Adele, who unfortunately passed away just recently and my cousins, Jason and Sookie Stackhouse while my parents went MIA for a year or two. When I was 13 I moved back with my parents only to again return to Bon Temps when I was 16.

My second time in Bon Temps was short lived, though, compared to my first. As soon as I turned 17 I got into college, I had started school a year earlier since I was born and raised in Ukraine; therefore, I graduated school a year ahead of others my age. When I got accepted into college I left Bon Temps without any second thoughts, never wanting to return again. But you don't always get what you want, now do you? Now at the ripe age of 21, I've got my Master's Degree but instead of using it...I was returning to the one place that I had never actually been a fan of. To say the least, it was rather pathetic. Most normal people wouldn't return to a place that they didn't like. But then again, I'm not normal people. Honestly, I am far from ever being normal.

Driving through town, passing the small stores and old run down looking houses brought back many memories. Just because I didn't like Bon Temps when I was younger doesn't mean that I don't have memories of the place. Most of the memories are small ones, but they're still memories.

After just a short drive through town, maybe about ten or so minutes through the middle of nowhere, I reached my destination…Merlotte's. I was almost 100% positive that everyone I knew would be there, Bon Temps being a small town and all. Pulling into the parking lot, I parked in an empty space in front of the building. Opening the car door and getting out, I straightened my sunglasses on my face, slamming the door and hitting the lock button on my keys.

Walking into the bar, I felt a wave of more memories wash over me. This was the one and only place in this town that I never did get bored or tired of. I looked around to find that nothing had changed since I'd been gone. Everything was the same as I had last seen it. It didn't surprise me, though. The owner, Sam Merlotte, was never really the decorating type of guy. It'd be weird if he would've done anything.

All of a sudden, I heard someone gasp. I turned my head towards the direction that the gasp came from and a smile lit up my face when I saw who it had belonged to.

"Selena? Is it really you?" Sookie asked, an expression of surprise taking up her facial features.

I reached up to my face to take off my sunglasses and place them on the top of my head. I answered with a smirk, "The one and only!"

"Oh my god!" she exclaimed, placing her serving tray down on the nearest table before taking off running and throwing her arms around me.

"It's good to see you, too, cuz!" I smiled and hugged her back just as tightly as she was hugging me.

As we pulled away my eyes caught sight of two holes, teeth length apart, on the left side of her neck. My eyes widened. "Oh my…wow! Is she a fangbanger? Wow! I would have never expected that from her," I thought quietly to myself. I wasn't judging, I swear. But still, lucky for me Sookie couldn't read my mind or hear my thoughts, whichever.

"So what are you doing back here?" Sookie asked. "In Bon Temps, I mean."

Shaking myself out of my somewhat shocked and zombie like state, I shrugged my shoulders. "I honestly don't know. I'm just here."

Sookie grinned. "Oh, well...that's a good enough answer for me."

"So, um...I was wondering…" I started to say before trailing off.

Already knowing what I was about to ask, Sookie told me, "Everything is exactly how you left it. It hasn't been touched…not even once…okay maybe just once...or maybe even twice."

I smiled as I gave her another hug, "Thank you so much, cuz! And it's fine if you touched my things…as long as you didn't ruin or break anything."

"Everything is in great condition," she assured me. "And you're so very welcome!"

When we pulled away she reached into her pocket and handed me a key. "You'll be needing this!"

I opened my mouth to say something but didn't get the chance to.

"Sookie! Order up!" a very familiar voice called out from the kitchen.

Sookie turned and made her way back to the table that she set her tray down on. "I should probably get that!"

"By all means! We'll catch up later!" I stepped out of her way but then wound up following her to the back anyways.

"Terry!" I exclaimed.

"Selena?" he asked, surprise evident on his face upon looking up and seeing me there. "When did you get back in town?"

"Not even 30 minutes ago," I answered simply.

Terry smiled. "Well, I am glad that you're back!"

I smiled back at him. "I'm glad to be back!" What a bullshit lie! "When did you get put to work in the kitchen?" I asked curiously.

"Ever since Lafayette disappeared," he answered with a sigh.

I raised an eyebrow. "Disappeared?"

Terry nodded his head. "He won't answer his phone, but his car is still parked in his driveway," he informed me. "He's just nowhere to be found."

"Hmm…well that's weird. That is not like him at all," I said, suspicion clear in my voice.

"I do not know where he's at, but he better hurry up and get back here," Terry said, sounding completely exhausted. "This is not a job for only one person."

I felt bad for Terry.

"If I was the type who liked to cook I'd ask Sam if I could help you in the kitchen, but me and cooking aren't much of friends these days," I said, wishing that I could help him out but knowing that it was just a siren's call for disaster.

"Thank you for caring, Selena," Terry replied, flashing me a toothy smile.

"Of course, Terry!" I said, flashing him a smile back. "You're a sweet, caring guy who deserves to be treated with the utmost respect."

"You're too nice, Selena."

I smirked at him. "You have obviously never met my other side then."

He was silent for a moment before finally saying, "I have a feeling that I don't ever want to either."

I reached up and tapped my nose. "Do you know where Sam is? I want to see if I can get a job here again."

"Last time I saw him, he was in his office."

"Alright, thank you," I said before turning and heading towards Sam's office. "Knock! Knock!" I exclaimed as I knocked on the door.

"Come in!" Sam's voice called from the other side of the door.

Twisting the knob and pushing it open, I walked in. I looked around the office, seeing that once again nothing had changed. Everything was still the same as it had been when I last left.

"Selena?" he asked in shock as he looked up from what he was doing.

"Sam! Long time no see!" I answered with a smirk.

He stood up and walked up to me, pulling me into a gut wrenching hug. After what seemed like forever he pulled away and asked, "What brings you back here? I was sure that after you got your master's degree that the only time I'd see you again was on TV or on the cover of magazines."

I shrugged my shoulders. "I honestly don't know what brought me back here. I'm just here. As for the TV and magazine deal…I'm only 21 years old. I've got many years to make my dreams of becoming rich and famous come true!"

"Well, no matter what, it's great to have you back in town, Selena!" He grinned.

"Thank you. It's actually great to be back," I said with a small and brief smile. Once again, a bullshit lie! "So do you have any waitress positions open by any chance?"

"Merlotte's is always looking for new waitresses," he answered. "There is indeed an opening and it's yours if you want it."

I grinned excitedly. "Of course I want it! Thank you! Thank you!" I exclaimed. "So...when do I start?"

"Can you start now?"

"I've got nothing better to do right now."

"Do you still have your old uniform?"

"I had a feeling that you'd say yes, so I brought it with me," I said followed by a quite chuckle.

Sam smirked. "You always did have a way of knowing things first." He laughed. "Go get changed and then I'll put you to work."

"Alright then!" I said in a sing song voice as I turned and walked out of the office.

~makemewannadie~ 

After I got off work around 11:40ish, which was the same time Sookie got off work, I followed her back to the house. It had been almost four years since I'd last been here. When I pulled up to the house, I just about died.

I stepped out of my car, popping the trunk open and slamming the front door shut. Wide eyed and definitely surprised, I made my way to the trunk, grabbing as many suitcases as I could. Sookie was next to me in seconds, taking the left over suitcases in her hands.

"Umm…Sookie…just curious, but…did a bomb by chance go off here?" I asked in all seriousness.

She turned her head in my direction and smirked. "You think this is bad?"

"Yeah, pretty much." I nodded my head in tune with my answer.

She chuckled as she headed for the front door. "Just wait until you see the inside!" she called over her shoulder.

I raised an eyebrow, not sure I was ready to see what awaited me on the other side of the door. "What? What's wrong with the inside of the house?" I asked, slamming the trunk shut and running to catch up with her.

I got my answer as soon as I walked through the front door A gasp tore from my throat and I instantly felt faint. The house that I had known before was gone. The inside literally made it seem as if the house had been abandoned for at least a century or two. The walls were so rotted that I gagged just looking at them.

"Oh my god!" was all I could manage to get out. I looked at Sookie, trying to form a question, but failing. That is until I remembered, "Wait! My room?"

"Is fine. All of the bedrooms are fine. I made sure to at least keep them from turning into…" She paused and looked around the foyer. "...this shit hole."

I cocked an eyebrow. "When did you acquire a potty mouth?"

"When Bon Temps became interesting," she answered honestly.

"And when did it get interesting here?" I wondered out loud.

"Two years ago when the vampires came out of the coffins."

I decided to play dumb just for the hell of it, "Oh, right! Vampires! I completely forgot that they came out!" I laughed a fake laugh, very thankful that she didn't call me out on it. "Well, I'm gonna go unpack," I told her. "Could you bring those suitcases up for me please?"

"Of course!" Sookie smiled, following me up to my room.

Upon entering my room and flicking the lights on a smile lit up my face. I placed my suitcases on the bed and turned around, throwing my arms around her. She returned the hug instantly.

"I love it!" I exclaimed.

"When I painted the room I just had this feeling that you'd come back and decided to paint it your favorite colors," She explained smiling.

"Thank you!" I smiled as I pulled back from her.

"I'll just leave you to unpack now," Sookie said as she turned and left the room, shutting the door behind her.

Once the door had closed behind her, I went back to admiring my room. Sookie had painted the walls reddish pink with black borders. Those two were, without a doubt, my favorite colors. The paint job honestly made me feel like I was at home again!

~makemewannadie~ 

I don't know how long had passed by before Sookie came barging through the door. I jumped damn near out of my skin, not having expected her to come in without knocking first.

Sookie let out a small, somewhat nervous laugh. "I'm sorry! I didn't mean to surprise you like that."

I shook my head and waved my hand in a "don't worry about it," manner. "It is not a problem. What's up?"

"I need your fashion sense," she replied in a somewhat frantic tone.

"Alright, shoot!"

She smiled before laying out three dresses she had in her hands down on the bed. "Which dress should I wear out tonight? The red, black, or white one?"

Coming around to stand next to her, I looked over each of the dresses and then came to my conclusion. "Well…" I started, pausing to make sure I worded what I was about to say the right way. "The tight black dress says, "Hey! Look at me! I'm a slut! Come and get some!" so, that's a no for sure. Then the white one says, "I'm so innocent," and judging by the fang marks on your neck, you're no longer innocent, so the white doesn't work either," I paused again as Sookie quickly brought one of her hands up to her neck to cover the fang marks up. I thought about saying something to her but decided to stay on subject instead. "Now the red dress on the other hand says, "I'm sophisticated, confident, feisty, fierce, and most importantly…off the market!" With having said that, I picked up the red dress and handed it to her.

"Oh, thank you!" She rejoiced.

"You're welcome! So what's the special occasion?" I couldn't help but wonder.

"I'm going to go meet my boyfriend, Bill, at Fangtasia! Normally I wouldn't be caught dead in that bar, but Bill's having trouble with his progeny, Jessica, and he needs my advice or help or something. Therefore, I am forcing myself to go there."

Excitement flushed through me like a high powered energy drink. oOkay, that was a bad similie to describe it.

"Fangtasia? As in the vampire bar in Shreveport?"

She nodded her head

"I want to go!" I sang out.

"Alright, sure! Get ready and meet me downstairs in half an hour," she said, happy that she didn't have to go alone.

"Will do!"

Once she left to go get ready, I walked over to my closet and opened it. Hmm...what to wear? I wanted nothing more than to look absolutely gorgeous for my first time ever going to a vampire bar.

After what seemed like an entire life time, I finally managed to decide on an outfit. I had decided to wear my silver one shoulder cross strap dress with black open toed shoes, matching silver jewelry and purse.

Yes, I know I'm going to be entering a vampire bar that's more than likely filled with vampires and fangbangers. But when it comes to fashion things like that don't matter. Nor do I care about what anyone thinks of what I wear.

"An all silver outfit?" Sookie asked curiously, raising an eyebrow at me as I descended down the staircase.

"Let it be a message to every vampire there…I'm not interested," I answered with a grin.

Sookie laughed. "That is actually not a bad idea!"

"I know, right? So whose car are we taking tonight?"

Sookie shrugged her shoulders "It does not really matter to me."

Grabbing my keys from my clutch purse, I smirked. "My car it is."

~makemewannadie~ 

On the way to Fangtasia Sookie filled me in on everything and everyone. Bill was her vampire boyfriend who was really nice and considerate…not like most vampires in the world. I was sort of suspicious about that but didn't question Sookie on it, it seemed she loved him too much to except my thoughts on him. Jessica was Bill's progeny who he was forced to turn as punishment for staking a vampire in order to save Sookie's life.

She even went on to fill me in on, Eric Northman, the owner of Fangtasia and the vampire sheriff of area 5. Apparently, he was a selfish asshole who could and did have any and almost every woman in Shreveport that he wanted. Talk about a player! Ew! Certainly not someone that I want anything to do with, human or vampire. It was disgusting and beyond uncalled for. Maybe I'm only saying that because I've only been with three guys in my entire 22 years of being alive. Either way it was just plain sick, at least it was in the way Sookie told me about his dalliances. I still could not help but wonder, though…wouldn't it be kind of funny if I somehow got him to change his ways by not being like other girls?

"Just a little heads up, Selena, the woman at the door checking ids," Sookie started, breaking me from my thoughts.

I turned my head and looked to the door to see a…I'd say reddish blonde haired woman standing there.

"Yeah, that one," Sookie confirmed when I turned my attention back to her. "Anyways, there's a big possibility that she'll display some…umm…lesbian tendencies towards you…just ignore them all," she finished off her informing of me.

"Will do," I said, nodding me head. I was not quite sure just what she meant by lesbian tendencies. Was the lady a lesbian? Or was she just very flirtatious with everyone?

When we walked up to the vampire that Sookie had warned me about, said vampire in question sensed us and turned her gaze in our direction. A definitely flirtatious smile lit up her face.

"Ms. Stackhouse," she drawled in what sounded like an old English accent, maybe.

"Pam," Sookie replied, smiling briefly.

The vampire that I now knew was Pam looked at me and grinned. "Sookie, who's your friend?" she asked flirtatiously.

I now realized what Sookie had meant when she warned me about Pam's lesbian tendencies seconds ago. I looked at Sookie to avoid Pam's stare. She looked back at me with a look in her eyes that said, "See what I meant?"

Sookie looked away from me and turned her attention to Pam. "Pam, I would like you to meet my cousin, Selena Dobreva. Selena this is Pam," she introduced us.

Pam was suddenly more interested than before. "Cousin?" she asked intrigued.

Sookie and I both nodded our heads.

Pam turned her gaze strictly to me and asked, "Are you a 'special' one like Sookie is?"

"Honestly, I don't think that's any of your…" Sookie started to answer the question for me.

I cut her off. "Sookie, it's fine. I have got this," I assured her. "As a matter of fact, I am."

"Interesting." She smiled a curious smile. "Can you hear thoughts like she can?"

I shook my head, "No, one might say that I have my own special abilities."

"Mind sharing them?"

I chuckled. "You're not getting that answer out of me," I told her, shaking my head no. "Nope! No way."

Pam rolled her eyes as he smile turned down into a frown. "It was worth a shot," she said dully.

"We should go in now," Sookie suggested, getting very antsy.

"Yes, yes we should," I agreed. "It was a definitely pleasure...or something meeting you, Pam." I smiled briefly and then almost instantly regretted the words I had just said after they had already left my mouth.

She grinned back. "Oh, I can assure you that the pleasure was all mine." She moved out of the way to let us by.

The whole time I was walking into the club I could feel Pam's eyes giving my whole backside third degree burns. Now was one of the very rare times in which I wished that Sookie could hear my thoughts. As if she actually could, she looked over at me. She must have sensed my minor uncomfortable feeling.

"You think she's bad? Just wait until you meet Eric," she emitted dully.

"Which one's Eric?" I asked curiously; I really wanted to know what all of the fuss was all about.

Her eyes trailed to the other side of the room. "The one sitting up there on the throne," Sookie whispered as if afraid that someone would hear her, although considering where we were...I highly doubt whispering made much of a difference.

My eyes followed the path that Sookie's had created not even a second ago. When my eyes landed on what…I mean who…Sookie was looking at…I just about had a heart attack. Holy mother of god! Live can be mean sometimes...oh so mean.