Don't Chicken Out
by Viredae

Jamie turned her car off in the beach’s parking lot, she looked over to her nervous sister Erica sitting beside her.

“Let’s go.” She said, brandishing a professional camera in her hand, Jamie was wearing a normal T-shirt and jeans shorts, but Erica was wearing an extremely skimpy swimming suit.

The two got out and headed down to the beach, there was very little to do in this town, for the two teenage girls, it was all pretty boring and there was nothing fun to do, so they had to make their own fun, that meant that they would have to produce their own entertainment, and that was accomplished by constantly daring each other to perform crazy things, and despite the large amount of crazy, stupid, embarrassing and even sometimes illegal stunts they pulled, neither of the two were willing to back down.

This day’s dare started when in the morning when Jamie dared Erica to do a photo shoot for her, and Erica had to follow all of Jamie’s instructions to the letter, naturally, the latter agreed.

The beach didn’t have that many people there, the two could barely count up to a dozen people, but regardless of the number, Erica felt quite embarrassed as she felt their eyes on her exposed body as Jamie led Erica to a secluded spot on the beach.

Jamie started with tame and innocent shots of Erica in her bikini, but soon escalated to more and more raunchy poses, doing her best to show off her sister’s luscious C cup boobs, trim tummy, perky ass, and long, creamy white thighs.

“Take off your top, get on your knees and put your hands behind your head.” Jamie grinned, knowing that she would win if Erica didn’t do as she was told.

“Jamie! You can’t be serious, people will see!” Erica’s eyes darted around her, already feeling self-conscious even while still dressed… Kind of.

“So? That never stopped you before, or are you finally giving up and conceding the title of the better woman to me?” Jamie had her sister trapped, Erica looked positively furious as she reached back and untied her top, releasing her beautiful, milky white breasts before clasping her hands behind her raven-haired head.

Jamie grinned as she stared at the half naked sight of her sister, now blushing crimson red throughout her entire body and wearing nothing but a sky blue bikini bottom, she brought the lens of the camera up to her face and snapped a few more pictures of her humiliated sister.

She then ordered her sister to take her bottoms off as well, much to Erica’s chagrin, now she was kneeling there on the beach as naked as the day she was born, her shaved pussy exposed.

“Jamie, please! Can I put my bikini back on before someone else sees me?” Erica pleaded, she was feeling something she desperately hoped wasn’t true.

“Not yet, I want to take take a few more shots of you naked like that.” Jamie said, relishing her sister’s urgency “you are such a bad girl, Erica.”

“Come on! I think that’s enough pictures.” In Erica’s voice was a hint of honeyed moans “Can I get dressed already?”

“One last thing,” Jamie instructed as she peered through the lens “I want you to finger yourself for me, masturbate until you cum and cream your hand and thighs like the slut you are.”

“Jamie, please, anything but that!”

“If you want to get dressed again, you’ll do as I say and give me a picture of your O-face as you squirt your juices all over this beach. Otherwise, I’ll consider myself the winner of our dares.”

Face crimson from the humiliation, Erica reached down, one hand pinching a nipple and the other hand’s fingers slipping inside her already moist pussy, in no time at all, Erica’s eyes were closed and her fingers were pumping away furiously in and out of her squelching hole, hips gyrating uncontrollably as loud moans escaped from her lips.

Soon enough, Erica’s juices gushed out and drenched her hand, thighs and the sand beneath her, breathing heavily as she opened her eyes to discover that there were at least half a dozen people watching her, capturing the scene with their phones.

“OH MY GOD!” Erica shrieked, she turned to her sister, who was barely able to suppress her laughter “Why didn’t you tell me people were watching?”

“Oh, you looked so into it, I didn’t want to disturb your fun.” Jamie’s voice was cracking with laughter, she reviewed the amazing shots she had gotten of her sister’s amazing orgasm “by the way, I came up with one more thing for you to do:

“For the grand finale, I want you to give your bikini away to our lovely audience, and show them your nasty, soaking wet little pussy.”

“You can’t be serious!” Erica whined “I did what you told me to do, now Let me get dressed already!”

“You can dress when I’m done with my photo shoot! Now get up, present our audience their gift and give them a nice little look at your dirty little snatch.” the audience cheered as Jamie delivered her orders to a beaten Erica.

Jamie could not resist taking a few more shots of Erica, gathering her bikini and presenting it to the crowd, who gladly took it, but not before a few hands managed to squeeze her breasts and smack her ass, causing it to jiggle excitedly, seeing this, more hands spanked Erica as she bent over and spread her cheeks and pussy lips apart for the beach-goers and their phones.

“Alright, let’s go home.” Jamie grinned, and an Erica on the verge of tears shuffled behind her, hands covering her pussy and nipples as they walked back through the beach to their car.

“I’ll get you back for this,” Erica grumbled as the two finally got into the car, and Erica let her hands down. “I’m going to come up with a dare so humiliating, so devastating, you’ll give in and remember it for the rest of our lives, so don’t chicken out!”

“Not on your life!” Jamie laughed as she turned the ignition on.


Don't Chicken Out - The Christmas Party

Erica knew what she wanted for Christmas, especially after the way Jamie, her older sister, humiliated her with the last dare on the beach, and it was going to be even worse for her.

She told her sister that she was going to be the gift for the partygoers as her dare, this resulted in a mixture of worry and bemusement by Jamie, on one hand, she had no idea what this meant, though it sounded quite innocuous, on the other, she knew that Erica was out to get her since she made her masturbate in front of a dozen beachgoers a while back.

And now, on the night of the party, she wished that she hadn’t agreed to this.

Her parents were out on a party of their own, meaning that it was going to be just her, Erica and the partygoers, about 30 people from school who had shown up.

What made Jamie wish she hadn’t agreed was the outfit Erica had chosen for her older sister, which wasn’t odd seeing how, to begin with, she didn’t even realize it was an outfit.

“Erica, I can’t wear this to the party!” Jamie protested, but she already knew how this conversation would go.

“Sure you can, it’s not that worse than the bikini you had me wear, or being naked!” Yup, Jamie winced, her sister has held a grudge, and there was no avoiding the consequences now “Or are you admitting that I’m the better woman?”

“... Not a chance.” A new mixture of emotions, this time stubbornness and acceptance, ran through Jamie’s head, she proceeded to take her clothes off, her pert but large breasts and shapely ass coming into view in front of a gleeful Erica, who was enjoying her revenge on her sister.

A few minutes later, Erica emerged to greet the guests:

“Hello everyone, I’m so glad you’re here, as I’ve let you know, this Christmas party is dedicated to all of you, our friends, and as such, we the hosts have a wonderful gift to give all of you, Jamie!?”

And out from behind the doorway came Jamie, wearing nothing but a couple of large ribbons, tied into a pair of bows, placed strategically to hide her nipples and crotch areas, and looking very embarrassed to stand there in this “outfit” in front of all her friends from school.

The guests laughed out loud and cheered the wonderful gift, clapping and hooting as she drank in the beautiful Jamie barely dressed, though this was only step one of Erica's plan to get revenge on her sister.

“Now everyone, as I said, Jamie here is my gift to you.” Erica put on her best magnanimous and tender voice as she addressed the guests, and turned on a dime to sound as menacing as she could, Jamie knew that this was personal to Erica as she dropped a bigger bombshell on everyone “So who wants to unwrap the gift?”

Jamie’s heart jumped up to her throat at the announcement, and before she could plead mercy from her sister, the guests pounced on her and, within a few seconds, Jamie found herself without a stitch of cover on her body, she was bare ass naked in front of thirty of her classmates!

But even now, with Jamie being ogled by everyone, Erica wasn’t satisfied, no, she still had more in store for her sister: “So everyone, since Jamie is your gift, you are free to touch it as you please!”

Another round of cheers and applause, Erica continued: “may I suggest her lovely tits? Just look at them!” Erica lifted one breast in her hand and let it drop, it visibly bounced, and quite perkily at that, and of course, this was causing Jamie no shortage of humiliation, she was completely red-faced, realizing her sister was fondling her in front of a large audience, inviting them to do just the same.

“And I have to say, that tush is really spankable!” and Jamie felt a sharp sting against her behind, causing her to yelp and cover her ass in response, this, of course, caused her breasts to jiggle even further, the demonstration kept the crowd cheering non-stop as Erica shoved her into the guests, who wasted no time in fondling and molesting the poor naked girl.

And so the party began, it really was no different from your average party, people chatting, dancing and laughing away, the only anomaly was the naked girl who was now forced to serve everyone drinks as they fondled her breasts, pinched her nipples, massaged and spanked her ass, and even occasionally tweaking and toying with her clit, suffice to say, the last one elicited an actual moan the first time it was tried, although in spite of the efforts to replicate that, Jamie did her best to stifle any further embarrassing sounds from coming out.

Though she did her best to remain composed, Jamie began to feel her resolve waver halfway through the party, even though she tried so hard not to let it get to her, all the fondling, poking and fingering started to arouse her, she felt her pussy get wet, something many of guests felt necessary to point out. Many times.

At some point, Jamie had had enough, she knew she was on the verge of exploding as her pussy juices leaked uncontrollably down her inner thighs, she quickly found her sister and begged her to let her go, whispering: “Please, I can’t take this anymore, just let me go upstairs already!”

“No! I will not let you ditch your own party, if you want to take care of your horniness, you can do so right there on the couch!” Erica made no effort to keep her voice down, this was all on purpose, after all, the entire plan was to force Jamie to masturbate for thirty of her very own classmates, and the plan went off without a hitch, there was Jamie, stumbling in a daze to the couch, she sat down and spread her legs as her friends gathered in a circle to watch her final humiliation.

Jamie looked up, she saw all the familiar faces around her, they only caused her to get even hornier, the dare was the furthest thing from her mind as she reached down and began fingering her wet, squelching pussy, now that she was playing with herself in front of everyone, she let her voice get louder, moans finally ringing unrestrained in the house as everyone else got quiet, she could see them scrambling to make videos of her masturbation show, none of that mattered beyond turning her on even further.

Now beyond any measure of dignity, Jamie began grinding her hips against her fingers, impatiently trying to reach her orgasm as soon as possible, and thankfully it didn’t take long as her cum juices flooded out and soaked the couch fabric she sat on, the guests without phones in their hands clapping and cheering as Jamie felt her mind go blank for a few seconds.

As soon as she regained her senses and the filter of lust dissipated, Jamie vowed to take revenge on her sister, especially as Erica paraded her around for everyone to take pictures, forcing her to pose in much the same way she was forced to on the beach, the difference being that Jamie had her friends around her, fondling and groping her as she posed for those pictures.

As the thirty people began to get bored of Jamie’s naked body and the party began to die down, Erica bid everyone goodbye as Jamie breathed a sigh of relief.

“You know,” Jamie told her sister, the two now alone in the once hectic house “You got me pretty good, but I hope you know that it’s not over, so don’t chicken out!”

“Not on your life!” Erica laughed, and inside of her own head, she surprised herself when she realized how much she looked forward to her next dare.


Don't Chicken Out - Gym Membership

Jamie’s plan began to form in her mind when Erica made the age-old resolution at the new year’s Eve party:

“I resolve to go to the gym more!” Erica said in a half-mocking tone, clearly not intending to follow through with that promise, but Jamie had other plans.

A few days later, Jamie approached her sister with an offer, she could get her a free month of membership at a gym as long as she did exactly as she was told and followed Jamie’s coaching advice, Erica, not realizing that this was her dare, happily accepted, oblivious about her sister’s scheme.

The first day of Jamie’s plan to humiliate her sister didn’t involve much, she simply wanted to give Erica a false sense of security, as she assumed her sister was still wary of any dares that might come up.

At the beginning of the day, the two changed into their gym clothes, and Jamie had prepared these clothes especially for Erica, while the clothes were fairly modest and didn’t show much skin, the top (a tank top) was a bit flimsy and a size too small, meaning that when Jamie told Erica to do some star jumps (making sure to commemorate her sister’s first workout of the year with a video, naturally), Erica’s breasts “accidentally” popped out of the top meant to hold them.

Not only was Erica’s breasts caught on Jamie’s camera, but a few other people had seen the wardrobe malfunction, Erica was as red as a beet, and Jamie, ever scheming, gave out a convincing apology:

“Oh my gosh, Erica! I’m so sorry, I guess I must have gotten the wrong size for you.” Jamie acted her heart out, and Erica seemed to believe her, as she assured her sister that it was fine “Tell you what, I’m going to buy you a new top, on me, don’t worry about it!”

And so the first trap was set, the girls finished their first day of working out without further incidents and Jamie gave Erica a new (although a tad more revealing) top to wear for the rest of the week, in which Jamie let her sister forget about the embarrassing incident.

At the start of the second week, Jamie had taken the time to sabotage Erica’s bottoms, so that when she told Erica to do some rotating toe touches, the seam of the bottoms split open, and what a split it was! everything from Erica’s buttcrack to even her pussy was on display!

Jamie knew this obviously because Erica had not worn any underwear that day, meaning that everyone was treated to a nice view of Erica’s nether regions, Erica could hear everyone giggle at her expense, but despite her pleas, Jamie would not let Erica stop for the day, she had no other gym clothes at hand, and Jamie was not going to allow her to skip a day.

“Now, I understand that this might be embarrassing to you, but you promised to listen to whatever I tell you to do,” Everything was going according to plan “now, I will buy you a new set of gym clothes, don’t worry about it, but you have to finish today’s workout first.”

Erica’s face was blushing red throughout the entire day, she was ogled and pointed at and even photographed, by Jamie included, she was the laughingstock of the entire gym!

The next day, Jamie delivered on her promise and bought her a new set of gym bottoms, though yet again, they were skimpier than the original ones, at this point Erica looked like she was wearing a bathing suit instead of a gym outfit.

Erica could feel the eyes on her body as if everyone was just waiting for her to expose herself yet again, thankfully, she was spared such an ordeal… Until the start of the third week.

“This week we’ll try something new, we’ll go to the steam room first to get our pores open and enhance our workout afterward,” Jamie explained, and so the two sisters went into the steam room for about ten minutes.

The two sisters took their clothes off and put on the towels provided by the gym, Jamie told Erica to go on in ahead of her while she put their clothes into a locker.

The steam room lived up to its name, you couldn’t really see much in there, and the sisters could barely tell that there was no one inside besides them as they went in and sat down.

After a few minutes, the girls heard a door open, and Erica was shocked to see a pair of men come into the room!

Erica nearly panicked, but Jamie made sure to grab her hand and quietly shush her, the men did not notice them as they came in and even sat on the other end of the room, Jamie got a brilliant idea and leaned in to whisper in Erica’s ear:

“Take your towel off.” Jamie said, tugging at the only cover Erica had, though she was clearly not on board with this suggestion, when it seemed like Erica needed more convincing, Jamie sprung her trap “your dare is to do whatever I tell you to do for the rest of your free month, so what will it be?”

Erica struggled for a few seconds with the challenge, but eventually agreed and dropped the towel open, she was now sitting fully nude in a room with two strange men, and even though they couldn’t really see her, it still excited her.

Not one to miss an opportunity to ramp up the dare, Jamie reached up and began caressing her sister’s breast, making sure to give the already hard nipple a tweak, she enjoyed watching her sister struggle to stifle her moans.
Jamie reached down and grabbed Erica’s knee, pulling it apart, Erica realized what her sister wanted and compiled by spreading her legs wide open, but Jamie was not satisfied with that, she reached down and used her fingers to spread open Erica’s moist lips, Erica’s could not get any redder as it is, but it would be the same shade of red even if she wasn’t sweating it out in this room.

It felt like an eternity before her sister told her to get up, at first, Erica was worried that Jamie would force her to walk up to the two men, but felt relief at what came next… For a few moments:

“We’re leaving.” The relief was washed away as Erica realized she was still naked, and seeing how Jamie didn’t bother telling her to get dressed, she doubted her sister would be willing to remedy that issue, and she was right, Erica was now walking out of the steam room into the open stark buck naked!

Outside the steam room, there were a few people, their heads turned in shock to see a beautiful naked woman walk out of there, and even more mystified that she wasn’t immediately shielding her privates.

Amidst the whispers and stares of everyone, Jamie led her humiliated sister through the gym and into the locker room, where she breathed another sigh of relief, though she should have known better.

In the locker room, Erica felt a deep pit of despair widening inside of her stomach, the locker door where they kept their clothes was wide open!

The two rushed to the locker, and what Erica feared was confirmed, both her gym clothes and her regular clothes were missing!

Naturally, Jamie’s clothes were right there, they were strewn about but were still accounted for, and while Erica was still in shock at the scene before her, Jamie took the opportunity to get dressed again.

“Well, the day isn’t over yet, so you’re just going to have to finish it off as you are,” Jamie said without a hint of mischief in her voice, though that tone didn’t need to be present, Erica knew her sister was behind this and that she enjoyed her revenge.

“Please Jamie, can’t you give me your gym clothes?” Erica made one last Hail Mary to stave off the impending humiliation, but Jamie shook her head:

“Nope, I’m wearing them as underwear, and that means I’d have to get naked too, which I don’t want to do.” And there Erica almost spotted a smirk on Jamie’s face, doing nothing but confirming her fears that her sister was the one who planned this.

Seeing her sister paralyzed with fear about stepping out naked into the rest of the gym,she decided to take the initiative and grab her sister by the wrist, leading her out in front of all the gym-goers, people stared wide-eyed at the gorgeous naked girl trying to cover her shame as she was led around the gym, forced to do exercises that seemed chosen specifically to expose her, if it involved opening her legs to reveal her bald, moist pussy or smooshing her luscious breasts together, she did.

The people watching her went from shocked to amused, especially knowing that this was the same girl who had several wardrobe malfunctions, they now suspected that those malfunctions were intentional, while correct, they now wrongly believed that the intention was on the part of Erica and not her sister.

Soon enough, people were leaving their own workouts to watch Erica’s workout, and then they began giving out suggestions as to what she should do, recording her humiliation on their phones, and finally gathering the courage to grope and molest her freely in between reps, with the permission of Jamie, of course.

After finishing 15 minutes of cooldown on a spinning bike, Jamie gave her sister the thumbs up, the workout was over.

“Um, can I go to the bathroom first? I need to take care of something.” Erica fidgeted coyly as a couple of chuckles came from the people watching them, she was red from head to toe, though judging by the hard nipples and now gushing pussy, this was not merely from the workout, Jamie guessed that Erica didn’t want to go to the bathroom for the intended purpose of most bathrooms.

“Just hold it in until we get home, however, if you want to finger yourself, you little slut, you can do it right here in front of everyone, for one forfeit.” Jamie could see the panic and horror on her sister’s face, not only was she going to be forced to masturbate in front of so many strangers, but it was also being portrayed as a favor for her, a favor she needed to repay.

That horrified expression did not last long, Erica was already debating that proposition, and before long, she let her legs fold as she sat on the gym’s floor and let her hands do the work, one grabbing a breast to maul and pinch, the other lowering itself between her legs, toying with her clit and fingering her sopping wet hole.

Moans of pleasure echoed across the now hushed gym all that could be heard was Erica’s honeyed tones lost in ecstasy:

“Mmmm, ohhhhhhh, oh yes! Yes, I’m gonna cum! I’m gonna cum!” And cum she did, Erica’s pussy shot out overflowing juices onto the floor as her back arched in climactic pleasure, her butt lifting off the ground as she was forced to wrench her hand off her breast to support her unsteady body, ass bouncing against the now wet and sticky floor.

Applause erupted around Erica as she struggled to catch her breath, she couldn’t really hear it as her ears were buzzing with white noise from the rush.

As soon as Erica was able to gather her senses (and her shame as she realized she had jilled off in front of dozens of people), Jamie took this chance to deliver the final blow, she brought forth a buff man who was wearing a gym attendant’s uniform:

“Erica, this is Tony, he’s the manager of this fine establishment and I wouldn’t have been able to pull this off without him,” Jamie patted Tony on the back, and Erica realized what she was going to have to do as “payment”:

“I’d say he deserves a reward for his effort, wouldn’t you say everyone?” And the crowd once again erupted in cheers of agreement, Tony stepped forward and unzipped his trousers, letting a decent sized cock out, it was already hard, no surprise there.

Erica’s shame mounted; everything she’d done, she couldn’t believe that seeing Tony’s dick made her pussy quiver, she got on her knees and wrapped her mouth around Tony’s shaft, head bopping back and forth along its length, this was it, she was giving a man she’d only just met a blowjob, and in front of so many people, and worst of all, she was fairly certain she was enjoying this.

That thought nearly brought her to a second orgasm, and not long after, Erica felt Tony’s hand push against her head, jamming his cock deep into her mouth and releasing a hot stream of cum down her throat, Erica gagged and felt herself come even closer to her second climax as she swallowed his spunk.

After a final round of applause, Erica was finally led out of the gym (still naked) by her sister, as they got in the car, Erica wasted no time in bringing herself to orgasm, ignoring her sister’s laughter.

“I assume you’ll be wanting revenge?” Jamie asked, a twinkle of lust in her eyes.

“Why, are you gonna chicken out?”

“Not on your life!”

Jamie turned the ignition key, this will be fun.


