Gabrielle woke up as the sun peeked over the horizon. She was disappointed to see that Xena had not come back to the room all night. She supposed she had stayed with Isiphae all night, the first time she had done that since they arrived in Athens, but she was very disappointed about that possibility. She unrolled the parchment on which she had written the poem to Xena and reread it. She wished that Xena was there so she could read it to her and let her know how she felt. Suddenly, she was pierced with a stabbing fear that Xena had left Athens without her. She quickly dressed as she realised there was only one sure way to find out. She raced out to the stables behind the inn to see if Argo was in her assigned stall. To her utter relief, she was. She approached the tan horse and stroked her mane, thanking Argo and all the gods and goddesses that Xena had not left her.

She walked back to the tavern and started up the stairs when she heard her name.

"Gabrielle!" Leica called as she waved her hand. "Join me for breakfast."

Gabrielle smiled at the friendly warrior. She knew Xena didn't like the woman but Leica seemed nice enough. The blonde warrior listened intently to all her stories and during the week they had discussed many of the bardic tales she knew. Leica knew quite a few herself and it felt good for Gabrielle to swap stories with another person.

"Gabrielle, are you going to be all right?" Leica's face was full of concern as she patted the bard's arm.

The bard laughed nervously as she casually removed her arm from beneath Leica's hand, "What do you mean?"

"The warrior woman, is she treating you okay?"

"Xena? Oh she's fine, she just gets a little....excited, that's all." Gabrielle said offhandedly as she tried to keep a worrisome look off her face. She wasn't sure if she succeeded but she definitely didn't want to talk to this woman about her troubles with Xena.

Leica lowered her voice. "Well, you know, if you'd like to get away from her, even just for a few days, I could help you."

"No, really, there's nothing to worry about, Xena's fine. She's my friend."

"If you say so, but remember, if you need me, I'll be here."

Unbeknownst to Gabrielle, Leica had just spotted the Warrior Princess entering the inn. Over the bard's shoulder, the two women locked eyes. The blonde warrior purposely placed her hand over Gabrielle's and gave her a comforting smile. Then Xena was swiftly at their table, and without warning, the strong warrior's hand reached out and lifted up the blonde woman from the table and rammed her against the nearest wall. Xena had her pinned against the wooden facing and nearly choked off the air supply at her throat. Her ice blue eyes were full of murderous intent.

"You touch my friend one more time and you're dead," Xena threatened menacingly.

"Xena! No!" Gabrielle screamed behind her.

"Why? Did you mark her?" Leica coughed and gasped for air but she still managed to sputter a taunt at Xena.

"What are you talking about?"

Nestra and Brissea made their way through the gathering crowd. "Xena, put her down!" yelled Nestra as she lunged at Xena with her sword. Xena easily disarmed her with a solid kick to her wrist as the steel blade clanked hard on the floor. She elbowed the stunned woman at her chest sending the warrior sprawling to the floor. During the swift encounter, her other hand never left Leica's throat.

Brissea ran to her lover's side and screamed at Leica across the room. "We told you not to do this, she'll kill you!"

Leica ignored her, "You don't deserve her, Xena, did you tell her about Isiphae yet?"

Gabrielle's eyes widened at the mention of the woman she had first heard about the night before.

Xena could control her rage no longer and landed a vicious blow to Leica's stomach as the blonde woman slumped unconscious to the floor.

"What'd you do that for?!" Gabrielle yelled.

"Somebody should teach her some manners, she's got a foul mouth," she answered calmly. Xena watched helplessly as Gabrielle tended to the fallen woman. Blood seeped out of her mouth from the savage blow she took. Unable to watch the bard's gentle ministrations on the injured woman any longer, Xena stormed out the door to the stables. She rode Argo through the streets of Athens and out of the city gates.

As soon as Xena cleared the city gates, she rode Argo full out against the wind at a furious pace. She couldn't believe how crazy and erratic she was behaving. She tried to clear her mind of the demons chasing her and fruitlessly thought that if she rode far and fast enough, they wouldn't be able to catch her. The strong mare obeyed her mistress but soon tired under the duress and Xena sensibly slowed her down. She led Argo to a small stream and listened to the trickling water that soon calmed her nerves.

She sat by a tree for a long time thinking about her last encounter with Isiphae the night before.

"You love her very much, don't you?" Isi had asked in the stilled darkness of the night.

"Yeah, I do," Xena had confessed. "I love her, but I can never really have her."

"Why? I thought you two have been together for a while now?" Isiphae had asked dumbfounded.

"Yes, but she's so innocent. I could never tell her about you, about my past, my real past," Xena had said sadly. "I took her, Isi, I couldn't help myself," the warrior had quietly confessed.

"Did she fight you?"

Xena thought for a long moment. "No, not really. But I can't help but feel she was just doing it to please me so I wouldn't leave her. I'm not sure she really wanted it."

"Is she in love with you?"

"She says she is, but I don't know." After all they'd been through, Xena still wasn't sure if Gabrielle was stricken with an immature kind of hero worship. She tottered quite often at the top of the pedestal the young woman propped her up on.

"Xena, you have to go to her, you have to tell her the truth. You can't go on like this. How much longer do you think she'll wait? You should be talking to her, not me."

"I don't know if she can accept that part of me. I scare her a lot of times as it is," Xena had answered, still not convinced that she should tell Gabrielle everything.

"Well maybe she likes the danger, Xena. Did you ever think of that? I left my home because your dangerousness excited me," she laughed for a minute. "It still does."

Xena had momentarily grinned at her friend, flattered that Isi should still want her after all these years. However, both women knew it wouldn't be possible as long as Xena was with Gabrielle.

Isi continued. "You're not being fair, Xena. Shouldn't she be making up her own mind for herself? Aren't you making it up for her by not telling her everything? You've already decided she wouldn't want to know you, but she stays with you anyway. How long have you two been together?"

"Two winters," Xena had quietly answered.

"And all in that time, has she ever seen you at your worst? I know you, Xena, there's no way you could hide that forever. Has she?"

"Yes," was all Xena had said as she painfully remembered her behaviour towards Gabrielle when they fought the Horde. As well, she flashed back to the time when Gabrielle whacked her with a pitchfork to stop her from slaying every living soul in a small village. Another time, she had struck the bard's cheek in a pique of rage. Those had been the worse times, Xena thought, and despite it all, Gabrielle still stayed with her.

"Xena, you owe her. You owe her the truth, the whole truth," Isiphae had concluded.

Isi's words echoed in the air as Xena remembered how they talked all night until the sun rose and then she bid farewell to her good friend. She returned to the inn with the purpose of confessing the dark secrets of her past to Gabrielle but the sight of the blonde warrior flirting again with the bard cast all those notions aside. Her jealous rage spilled over and consumed her before she could get a grip on the situation. She feared she was losing her sanity.

Xena rose to her feet and mounted Argo with a renewed determination to bare her tortured soul to the most wonderful person in her wretched life. She only hoped Gabrielle would not be too unnerved by her confessions.