Author: mypenname3000
Title: Mommy Mind Control Spreads Chapter Two: Dad Teaches His Son to Please Mommy
Summary: Thanks to the goddess's help, Mrs. Liberty's husband is mind-controlled to teach her son how to please her.
Keywords: MmF mF mc inc oral voy exhib wife 1st

Copyright 2021

Note: Thanks to wrc264 for beta reading this!

Agent Mac Smith

I slammed my cock hard into the hot, young, Midwest tramp who ran the front desk of the shitty motel I was staying at. She tossed her head, blonde hair flying as she gasped and moaned, her pussy clenching about my dick. 

My nuts slapped into her clit, the wet smacks echoed through the cheap motel room. The bed creaked as I buried into her snatch. She moaned, her pussy squeezing about me. Her hips rotated, stirring her twat around my dick.

Yes, yes, yes! she gasped. Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck me, Mr. FBI Agent! 

A lie. I was a Federal agent, just not that type. 

Her pussy squeezed about me as I thrust into her again and again. I buried to the hilt in her cunt, her twat squeezing around me. She felt amazing. This wonderful, hot, delicious snatch bringing me closer and closer to cumming. 

I slammed deep and hard into her, my nuts tightening. My hands slid up her body and grabbed her tits. I squeezed those lush mounds, kneading them. She squealed in delight, her pussy growing hotter, building the ache at the tip of my cock.

Fuck me! Fuck me! she moaned. Oh, god, you fuck me better than my boyfriend!

I smiled, slamming hard into her. You like being a slut for the FBI!

I just wanna help your investigation! she moaned. Ooh, search my pussy! Fucking search my pussy! I'm going to cum!

I slammed hard into her twat, loving how she gripped my cock. My nuts tightened as I hurtled towards my orgasm. I should be wearing a condom, but busting raw in some Midwest slut had me aching. Might knock her up, and she would never hear from me. Never find me.

Then show me how much of a dirty slut you are and cum! I growled, my fingers sliding down her tits and finding her fat nipples. She had been so easy to seduce. A little flirting. A hint of danger. She had been so ready to have an adventure. Fucking cum!

Yes, Mr. FBI! she squealed as I buried into her twat.

Her pussy went wild around my cock. I shuddered, savoring the way her twat convulsed and writhed around my dick. I groaned, thrusting into her convulsing snatch. Her pussy nursed at me, drawing out all that spunk in my nuts. I slammed to the hilt in her.

Erupted.

I fired blast after blast of my cum into her snatch. I fired over and over, the pleasure slamming through me as I flooded her cheating twat. She squealed in delight, her pussy nursing at me, working out that cum.

Yes, yes! she gasped. I'm such a slut! That's so good!

It fucking is! I growled, spurting the last of my cum. My pleasure hit that glorious peak of rapture. I dumped everything that I had into her. Shit!

Mmm, that was amazing, she moaned, her pussy rippling around me.

She shuddered as I ripped my cock out of her cunt. Her juices gleamed on my dick. I slapped her ass. Clear out. I have work to do.

Clear out? she panted. I thought we were

Get your clothes and get out, I said, pulling out a pack of cigarettes. I got work to do. Classified and dangerous.

Oh, yes, she panted and crawled off the bed, my cum spilling out of her pussy. Uh, can we...

Who knows, I said, lighting the cigarette. It's a dangerous case. An insane one. Monitoring strange brain wave activities and changes of behavior. Some sort of psychic bullshit. If I can, I'll drill that cunt. Maybe you'll bring a friend.

Maybe, she said. Uhhh, there's no smoking in here.

And? I asked. I had to get the sensors in place to monitor one boring widow. What the fuck was the Agency on to send me out here? 

I didn't sign up to do this shit, but the perks were at least... lovely. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Jennifer Liberty

I drove back home naked. It was natural to do. My new Goddess told me it was. My good friend Margaret was a goddess. She just... had a way of making sense. Things that were taboo were now so acceptable.

Like cheating on my husband with Margaret's two sons. Being spit-roasted by them. Only it wasn't cheating with her sons because they were special. And it was always okay, even required, for a mother to have sex with her own sons. To control them and make sure they married the right girls and not sluts and tramps.

And, of course, it was okay for me to eat Margaret's pussy because she was my Goddess. It was never cheating with her. 

Isn't it so freeing to just be naked? Margaret said as I drove through the small college town we lived in. York, Nebraska. In the middle of corn fields, two hours from Omaha. It should be a quiet place, but there were so many trampy girls these days even here. 

It is, I said. I was completely comfortable. Margaret told me I would be. She was so amazing.

As I slowed at one of the few lights in York, I shook my head. There was that Rick boy fucking another woman. I didn't know this woman, but he was pounding her hard right there in the middle of the street, the young man growling and snarling like a beast.

He fucked Ryan's girlfriend, Margaret said. Nothing worse than fucking someone's girlfriend, is there?

Cheating is never a good thing, I said. 

That's right, said Margaret. A young woman needs to be faithful to her man so they can be committed, get married, and have babies. Then when her sons are old enough, she can fuck them like a good mother should. But some young men are just dogs. They want to fuck every woman they can. Dogs and sluts are bad. So now Rick is a beast. Just good for fucking mothers. Margaret put her hand on my thigh. You'll get to be fucked by Rick soon. You'll love how hard he pounds you.

A mother... fucker? I asked, my thoughts tingling as I smiled at my off-color joke.

That's right, Margaret said. Those sort of beasts it's not cheating if us mothers are fucked by him. We're still committed to our husband's. She rubbed her belly. She had her own reincarnated husband growing inside of her. He would be her son-husband. Mothers are special. We're the ones who should be in charge. Once you're a mothera happily married motherthen things change for you. You can fuck the beasts and your sons. Even other mothers. Just don't forget about your husband. You still have your wifely duties with him.

I nodded, my mind tingling with all these new Revelations. My pussy clenched. We were heading to my house so that Margaret could help make my husband into the sort of man who made sure I was pleasured. Not just the perfunctory pumping away on me, when I let him, but eating my pussy and being a good example to our sons on how to put the mother's pleasure first. 

I knew he was thinking of having an affair. He wanted to have sex all the time, but I hadn't. Now I understood it was my right as a mother to have as much sex as I could handle. Just to be fucked by George and our sons all the time.

And beasts like Rick. And other mothers. I deserved it for bringing new life into the world.

We left behind York. I lived out of town amid the cornfield. We didn't own a farm, but we did own a farmhouse and an acre of land. I trembled with excitement as we reached the long driveway and headed up it. I bet Mark, my oldest, had snuck that slut I had caught him fucking this morning back into the house. George probably helped him.

My husband didn't care that Mark fucked every girl he could. That he was turning into a beast like Rick. If I didn't save him, he would just prowl around the town looking for mothers to fuck. He would have no future. But I would save him. Find him the perfect girl to marry.

And make love to him all the time.

I pulled up to the house and sighed. Mark's car was gone. Mark's not here. He must have grabbed that slut and gone somewhere else to fuck her.

We'll find him, Margaret said. And save him before I have to punish him. This skank he fucked isn't dating another guy?

Not that I know of, I said. I couldn't lie to her. 

But first, we'll instruct your husband and youngest son on how to please you, Margaret said, a bright smile on her lips. She was such a loving goddess to make a house call. 

Thank you for this, I said. You're amazing, Margaret. Just amazing.

I know. She grinned at me. But you're still my friend, Jennifer. And friends help each other out. Now, let's get in there and train your husband to eat your pussy and show your son how to be a good boy and love you.

Tim is such a good boy, I said, climbing naked out of the car.

We headed up to the door, holding hands. Both our large breasts were swaying free. My black hair and her brown were rustling in the wind that blew across us. My nipples were so hard, and my pussy soaked my bush. A bead of cream ran down my thighs. It was so freeing being naked.

I opened the door and stepped into the air-conditioned coolness of it. My son Tim was at the kitchen table working on his homework. He glanced up at us, the fourteen-year-old boy gasping. His green eyes, the same shade as mine, widened. He adjusted his glasses like he couldn't believe we were naked. I supposed that was different.

M-Mom! He turned away like a good boy not wanting to ogle naked women. Just the way I raised him. His brother would be staring at us both with such lust.

That you, Jennifer? George asked. I heard his recliner creaking and the TV turn off. Hey, you okay. You sort of... He trailed off as he walked out to find Margaret and me naked. My husband was a tall and balding man with dark hair. He blinked. Uhh... You're... uh...

I have such wonderful news, George, said Margaret. I could feel her holy words reverberating through the room like waves of the ocean washing on the beach. You are going to teach your son Eric how to love your wife the way a good father should.

What? George groaned, his hands clutching the side of his head.

Fathers must be an example to their sons on how to love their wives, continued Margaret. And be supportive when they are old enough to make love to their wives. That is your role as a father and husband. To support and love and cherish your wife. To be proud of your boys as they fuck her hard and make her cum.

My husband panted, his face going red with the strain. He clutched at his head, his chest rising and falling. He shook it and stared back at her. I understood. The first time hearing Margaret's messages had overwhelmed me, too.

I... I... I didn't know, he said, staring at us. Uh... but you're naked, Margaret.

It is okay to stare at my naked form, purred Margaret. I am your Goddess and have nothing to be ashamed of. You can be excited by me, but never touch me. I am still married to my husband. He shall be reborn and love me as he once did.

Right, right, said George. So, uh, you want me to teach Eric how to please my wife. Okay.

And we need you to be better at it, Margaret added. I am not happy with how little experience your wife had. She's had hardly known any pleasure. You don't worship her body? You should be sucking on her nipples, licking her bellybutton, and feasting on her pussy. She's your wife! The mother of your two sons. You should always be pleasing her and doing what she says!

He grimaced and rubbed at his head. S-sorry, Margaret, he panted. I didn't know. I didn't. I'll do better. I'll suck her nipples and lick her pussy and do what she wants.

Good, Margaret purred. That's why I'm here. The world has gone astray, but I have been ascended to godhood to make it right. I have been chosen! Now, let's go upstairs to your bedroom so we can teach your son Eric how to make love to his mother.

W-what is going on? Eric asked, still not looking at us.

Oh, Eric, Margaret said, heading to my son. Look at me.

He lifted his gaze to her. His green eyes widened. She did have a magnificent pair of breasts. They were bouncing and jiggling as she reached him. She cupped his face, lifting his gaze to meet her dark eyes. She leaned down and kissed him on the lips.

He shuddered at that, squirming. 

She broke it and said, You're a good boy. And good boys love, lust, and obey their mothers.

He gasped, trembling. His eyes squeezed shut. He whimpered then panted. Margaret released his face and straightened. She glanced at me, nodding. It was time for me to be in charge. Of my husband. My sons.

Eric, honey, I said, my boy so handsome, we're going upstairs. Your father is going to show you how to make love to me. Don't you want to have sex with me?

Eric glanced at my naked body. He gasped as he did. A big smile spread on his lips. I do, Mom. You're so beautiful. You're just so gorgeous. I... I...

Let your son know he can enjoy my body, George, I said. 

Eric, George said. It's okay to say it. You like your mom's tits. She has a gorgeous pair. I know. I love your mother's tits. She's a beautiful woman. The most beautiful I've known. Why I had to marry her. I never regretted that.

I blinked at his words. He never regretted it? He was so indifferent all the time. It was like he had given up. I glanced at George. There were tears in my eyes. Things had gotten so strained between us. This... bitterness had strained things.

Now come over here, and take your mother's hand and lead her upstairs, George said. We're going to make love to your mother. I haven't been so good at doing that. I guess... it was easier not to try. But I should have made an effort to worship her. Then things... He glanced at me.

Then things wouldn't have gotten so... distant, I said, swallowing. It was my own fault. I didn't like sex all that much. He never made it feel good for me, and I never told him that. I just... stopped wanting it instead of looking for ways to make it better for the pair of us. If you try, I'll let you.

I'll try, he said as Eric took my hand.

Mom, you're really gorgeous, Eric said, staring at my tits. He was a slender boy of fourteen. Cute and adorable. Your tits are awesome. I mean... He licked his lips. I've always wanted to see real boobs. Mark talks about them all the time.

Annoyance flashed through me. My oldest son had been trying to corrupt Eric. He thought Eric was a dweeb, but it was Mark that was the problem. Fucking every skank. He would knock the wrong one up. Be saddled to some white trash slut who would be raising my grandchild. 

I would fix Mark later. For now...

Let's go upstairs and make love, I purred. I want you and your father to make such sweet love to me. I know it'll be wonderful. You'll make me feel incredible.

He smiled at me. I will, Mom.

George grabbed my ass and squeezed. You'll feel amazing. Like a goddess.

Good, Margaret said. That's just how a good husband should be, George. Now let's get upstairs.

A slight tingle ran across my thoughts. I shuddered and headed up the stairs, led by my son. He was so eager. My boobs jiggled after him while George came up behind me. I felt his eyes on my rump. He was desiring me, not lusting after one of those sluts that Mark banged.

My pussy grew hotter and hotter. Eric was such a handsome, young man. I was so lucky that I was a mother to two sexy boys. I wished Mark was here so I could be fucked by them both, but I knew Margaret would save him.

We reached our bedroom. A quilted blanket covered the bed, the furniture dark. White, lacy curtains framed the window that looked onto our front yard. I shuddered and let go of my son's hand. I grabbed the quilt.

George went around to the other side and grabbed the other end. He helped me pull it off and fold it up. Margaret watched from the doorway, the goddess rubbing at her pussy through her brown bush, waiting for the show.

I settled down on the mauve sheets beneath, my head on the pillow. I took off my glasses and set them on the nightstand then squirmed to get comfortable, my heart racing. George pulled off his shirt. He wasn't as fit as he had been, but he had a hairy chest that was exciting. Then Eric pulled off his shirt.

I groaned at his slender form. He didn't have any love handles. He had a runner's build, a light down of chest hairs. He swallowed, his glasses askew on his face. He adjusted them as I licked my lips in eager delight.

Get all the way naked for Mommy, I purred. I want to see your sexy cock.

You're into cocks now? George asked as he shoved off his own jeans and boxers. His familiar dick popped out, hard and aimed right at me.

I sucked on a cock today and loved it, I moaned.

George froze. What? Anger swelled across his face. You sucked someone else's cock, Jennifer?

As a mother, she can have sex with certain men and it's not cheating, Margaret said. Bestial mother-fuckers and the sons of other mothers. Moms like to share and swap their boys around. That's never cheating. And it was my son she blew, so...

George groaned, his face twisting with this revelation. The anger melted from him. I didn't know that. It's... I never thought it was okay for my wife to be with other men, but... I see it now. My wife's special.

Just remember that, purred Margaret. Now, Eric, don't be shy. Your mother and I both want to see your dick.

Mmm, yes, I purred as my youngest unsnapped his jeans. He shoved them down his hips. I groaned as his cock popped out. This wave of heat rushed through me at the sight of his cock tenting the front of his underwear. Show Mommy that dick. I felt so... wanton for my son's cock.

Almost like a slut. But I wasn't one of those. I was a mother.

Eric shoved off his boxers. His cock popped out. I groaned at the sight of it. This wave of heat rushed through me. I shuddered, my cunt clenching at the sight of my son's hard member. That would soon be back inside my pussy, his cum spurting into my womb.

I licked my lips, so eager for this hot fun to begin. My heart pounded in my chest. This wild heat rushed through me as he approached the bed. George came in from the other side. He stared at me, his chest rising and falling. It was like he was seeing me for the first time. Like it was our wedding night again.

Only we had our son with us to join in the fun.

Now, you want to start by kissing your mother, George said. He lowered his head, his hand cupping my right breast. Don't be afraid of gently cupping her tit and squeezing it lightly. You don't want to be too rough with her, do you? You don't want to hurt her.

My son shook his head. 

George kissed me. I moaned, feeling his whiskers rasping on my lips. I shuddered at the passion in the kiss. Where had that gone from our marriage? Didn't we use to kiss like this all the time? I shuddered as he thrust his tongue past my lips while his hand kneaded my tit.

That felt wonderful. His hand was so strong, but he didn't crush my tit. He knew how to knead it just right. I shuddered, my cunt getting hotter and hotter. I whimpered into the kiss as something even more amazing happened.

Eric cupped my other breast. 

My son squeezed my tit with trembling fingers. It was clear he didn't want to hurt me. That was so sweet of him. He was being so gentle. I quivered in delight as I broke the kiss with his father, my pussy so hot and wet for my son.

Mmm, that's it, I purred, smiling at him. Don't be afraid to kiss me now.

Mom, he breathed as he leaned in and planted his lips on mine. He lacked his father's confidence. And the whiskers. My fourteen-year-old son was just turning into a man. 

I kissed him. I rubbed my tongue against his lips. They opened as he learned from me. I loved teaching him to kiss me. I grabbed the back of his head, holding him to my lips. A shiver ran through me as my tongue explored his mouth, and brushed his tongue.

It was so wondrous to kiss my son. He grew more and more confident, his lips working on mine. A hot shiver ran through me. Margaret was right. This was what every mother needed to do with her son. She needed to make love to him.

That's it, son, George said, his voice full of support for Eric. Don't be afraid to squeeze a little harder once she's into the kissing. Maybe even some nipple play. My husband's hand slid up my breast to my nipple. He pinched it.

I squealed into Eric's lips. He kneaded my tit with more force. I loved it. My son was kissing me like a man and making my breast feel so good. All that nice delight raced down to my cunt. My pussy drank it in, my flesh getting all hot and juicy.

That's it, breathed my husband. You're making her squirm. She's loving it. Now's the time to start playing with her breasts more. Sucking on her nipples.

He rolled my nub between his thumb and forefinger before ducking his head down and suckling my nipple into his mouth. I gasped into our son's mouth. This wicked heat shot through me as George loved my aching nub.

Eric broke the kiss. Should I...?

Listen to your father, I purred, my pussy loving what George did to my nipple. He's teaching you how to love me. Listen to him. Follow his example.

Yes, Mom, groaned Eric.

He pushed up his glasses then moved down to my breast. His father suckled on my right nipple with hunger. I groaned, my toes curling. Eric licked his lips then engulfed my left nub. He suckled on me like he had as a boy.

Margaret watched us, a big smile on her lips. She winked at me.

I grinned back at her as I enjoyed my husband and son sucking on my nipples. This heat sweeping through my body had me squirming on the bed. My cunt drank in all the delight they did to me, growing hotter and hotter.

George swirled his tongue about my nipple then nibbled in hit. His son just suckled on my other nub. He loved me with that wonderful mouth of his. I stared at Eric, his green eyes closed as he nursed on my nipple. I shuddered, loving his suckling the most.

George popped his mouth off my nub to say, And don't be afraid to nibble with your lips or swirl your tongue around her nub. Once she's really into it, when she's moaning and groaning, you can even lightly bite her nipple.

Really?

Mmm, that's a naughty delight, groaned Margaret from the doorway.

George, you have been holding back, I groaned as my husband licked my nipple. Oh, my, you knew all this naughty stuff you could have been doing to me?

Well... He looked sheepish. I've had lots of time to, er, watch some porn. You know, since you have been...

I would be mad, but I felt too good right now. No more watching porn.

Yes, honey, he groaned and engulfed my nipple. He suckled hard, sending jolts of delight down to my cunt. My pussy melted.

And do that nipple bite thing, I groaned, my body on fire. I'm feeling so good right now.

He nipped my nipple with his teeth. It was a flare of pain that somehow made this all feel even better when he suckled. I groaned, my pussy on fire. My back arched. This was all so incredible. I was growing hotter and hotter.

And they were both still loving me. Doing such naughty things to me. I loved it all. This was so incredible. My face twisted in delight as they suckled and nursed on my nipples. My son licked my nub. My back arched. My pussy clenched as I savored what they did to me.

Ooh, that's so good, I moaned. I'm on fire down in my pussy. So wet.

George popped his mouth off my nipple. You see, son, women have a lot of never endings in their breasts. So when you squeeze their tits, it feels good for them. And when you suckle... Well, it really feels good for them. Makes their pussies all hot. You want your mother to be eager to have sex with you, start kissing her and squeezing her tits through her top.

Okay, Dad, said Eric, sounding so excited to learn how to seduce me.

Then, when her pussy is all nice and wet, you can touch her. George smiled. Go on. Cup your mother's pussy. Rub at her folds with your fingers.

Really? I can? Eric sounded so eager. Awesome!

I shuddered as his hand slid down my stomach to my black bush. I quivered as his fingers slid through my curls and into my bush. I quivered in delight as he reached my pussy lips. His fingers stroked up and down my slit. I quivered as he touched me.

She's so wet, Dad, Eric groaned as his finger dipped into my cuntlips and stroked my folds. And silky. Wow, this is incredible.

I know, George said. She's wet and ready for us to go down on her. We're going to lick her pussy. Taste her. Your fingers should be wet enough now.

My son pulled his hand from my pussy and held them up. They were gleaming in my juices. He popped them into his mouth as his father moved between my thighs. My son groaned as he tasted my tangy juices. I shuddered, so loving this.

George stroked my thighs and leaned his head down towards my wet pussy. My husband breathed in my musk. He licked his lips, clearly eager to get his face down there and eat me. He wanted to worship me. This was so exciting.

Now, Eric, George said. You want to nuzzle into your mother's bush and start by kissing her pussy. My husband's lips pressed through my curls to my vulva. He kissed me. He smooched up and down me, sending shivers of delight through my twat.

He was eating me out. He would make me cum and teach our son how to do this. Yes, yes, George, you're being such a good father.

My son leaned over and watched his father kissing at my pussy. George's lips moved up and down my snatch, rustling through my curls. I trembled, my big boobs jiggling. Margaret watched, fingering her cunt. The Goddess was so amazing. 

Then you lick your tongue through her lips, my husband said. His tongue stroked through my folds. I shuddered, my back arching at the delight. He brushed my clit. You can touch her clit, but don't concentrate on it. That's very sensitive. Let's get your mother's cunt nice and warmed up before finishing there.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned as my husband licked me again and again. Listen to your father, Eric! 

Eric watched as George licked and lapped at my cunt. He stroked through my folds, just grazing my bud. It was incredible. My toes curled at his bold tongue sliding over my labia. Then he thrust into my pussy. He entered me, his tongue swirling about.

I gasped and trembled, the pleasure washing through me. This was so amazing. If my husband had been doing this to me since our wedding night, things would have been so different in our bedroom. I whimpered, my boobs jiggling.

He has his tongue in me, I whimpered. Oh, my god, Eric, your father is swirling about in me. He's licking and lapping at me.

Wow, Eric said. That's sounds so amazing.

George lifted his head and smacked his lips. She tastes great. Here, you take over. Just let yourself love her. She's pretty juicy. Thrust your tongue into her cunt. Even lick her clit. Listen to her moan and shudder. When you think it's time to pounce, go for the clit and make your mother cum.

Sure, Dad, Eric said as George moved out of the way.

I grabbed my husband's hand, squeezing it as our son took his place between my thigh. A shiver ran through me as Eric ducked his head down. He pushed up his glasses as he breathed heavily. Then he nuzzled into my pubic hair.

I gasped as he slid his mouth into my bush. He licked at me. He lapped with such hunger at my pussy. This heat washed through me. I trembled at the incestuous contact. My son was devouring into the very pussy that birthed him. 

I squeezed my husband's hand tight as Eric licked and lapped at me. His tongue stroked through my folds. I gasped at this naughty delight that coursed through me. I shuddered as his tongue brought me such pleasure.

Eric! I squealed, my big boobs jiggling. Oh, Eric, that's so wonderful.

You're doing great, son, George said. Now really get in there. Make your mother feel how much you love not just her pussy, but her. Worship her. She brought you into this world. Show her how much you appreciate that by making her cum.

I will, Dad! Eric said then thrust his tongue into my pussy. 

I gasped as he did that. My back arched, and my thighs squeezed about his head. I held his face to my pussy as he swirled his tongue around in me. This was incredible to feel him licking and lapping at me. I shuddered, my face twisting with delight.

I arched my back. My heart pounded in my chest as he licked and lapped at me with such hunger. He swirled his tongue around in me. I loved what he did to me. It was just such a wondrous delight. He feasted on me with such passion.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped as my son made love to my cunt. Oh, Eric! Oh, Eric, that's so good!

You taste amazing, Mom! he groaned and thrust his tongue back into my cunt again.

I quivered in delight as his tongue swirled around in me. My boobs jiggled as he did such naughty things to me. This was the best. I rose towards my orgasm. My first incestuous climax. I shuddered as the pressure built and built in me.

Now go for her clit, my husband said. She's ready. She needs to cum. Make your mother explode, Eric!

Yes! Eric groaned. My good boy licked up my slit to my clit. He engulfed it.

I gasped as he suckled. He nursed on me with such passion. I squeezed my thighs around his head, holding him to my cunt. The pleasure surged through me. It was incredible. I loved what he did to me. The bliss was intense. Amazing. 

My clit throbbed in his mouth as he suckled. I whimpered, my body trembling. My boobs smacked together. I squeezed my husband's hand tight. I held him as the pleasure built and built in me. I would have such a big burst of delight. Just explode. I couldn't wait for that to happen. My face contorted with the delight of this moment.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, my head tossing from side to side. That's incredible. I'm going to cum. I'm going to explode. Oh, that's great. My body trembled. Yes!

I climaxed.

My pussy went wild as I bucked on the bed. My pussy juices gushed out into my son's mouth. Eric licked them up. He lapped at my twat, feasting on my cream. The waves of delight washed through my body. I savored the taboo passion.

My son made me cum. I squealed out my motherly pride and rapture as my pussy convulsed. He licked at my snatch, adding more bliss to the ecstasy rushing through me. I drowned. The rapture washed over my mind.

Oh, Eric, yes, yes, this is amazing! I squealed.

That's it, son, groaned my husband. Now you want to get in her. Make love to her. Crawl up her body, kiss her, and thrust that dick into your mother's pussy. Give her what she needs.

Yes, yes, listen to your father and make love to me! I moaned, releasing George's hand.

He slipped off the bed, watching along with Margaret. She had such a wicked look in her eyes as my son lifted his face. Glasses askew and my pussy cream dripping off his chin, he looked so handsome. He groaned and crawled up my body.

Mommy, he groaned and pressed himself down on me. His chest rubbed into my breasts. My nipples burst with sparks. I love you, Mommy!

He kissed me with such hunger. He thrust his tongue into my mouth. I groaned at the feel of his lips planted on mine. I reached between our bodies and grabbed his cock. I pressed him into my bush. Against the lips of my pussy.

I shuddered at the hot contact of his cock on my pussy lips. He groaned into my lips as I pushed him right against the entrance to my cunt. To the very hole that had birthed him. I wanted my son to ram into me. To fuck me hard.

He slammed into me.

I broke the kiss and gasped, Oh, Eric, yes, yes, slide back into Mommy!

Oh, god, Mommy! he groaned, his cock pressing into my pussy. You're so hot. So silky. Oh, wow, this is what it's like to be in a woman.

I smiled as I took my son's virginity. He felt so amazing sliding into me. He went deeper and deeper until his balls were resting against my taint. I quivered, squeezing my cunt down on his dick. This wave of heat washed over me as I squirmed beneath him.

I was so full of my son's cock. He kissed me with such passion, lips stained in my tangy pussy. I could feel George and my goddess watching me. My hands slid over my son's back. I rubbed at him as he just stayed in me, soaking in my incestuous warmth.

I broke the kiss and purred, You can move. Mmm, it's even better when you do that. 

Right, he said. This is all so new, Mom. I just... I'm so thrilled to be in you. This is amazing. You're just... amazing.

I smiled. And so are you. Mmm, and you're nice and thick, too. Go on, make love to mommy. Pump that cock in and out of me. It'll be just amazing.

It will, Margaret said. She slid onto the bed beside me, her large tits jiggling. She smiled at me, her dark eyes so loving. Enjoy your mother, Eric. It's a special bond. You'll find you a wife, pick the perfect girl to be the mother of your sons, but you'll never stop putting your mother first.

He shuddered on me, his cock throbbing in my cunt. Yes, Mrs. Justice.

He drew back his hips. I gasped as his cock slid out of me. My cunt squeezed about him. I loved the feel of him moving in me. My pussy clenched about him. He thrust back into me. He buried his cock into my pussy again, his nuts smacking into my flesh.

I quivered in delight, my pussy squeezing about him. He had this amazing cock that just felt wonderful as she pumped away at me. It was magical having my son making love to me. I stared into his green eyes. My eyes. I gave those to him. I made him in my womb.

My pussy clamped down on him, savoring him plunging into me over and over again. He thrust at me. He buried to the hilt in me again and again. His cock was thick and hard. He buried into me with such force. I quivered, loving him plowing into me again and again.

Yes, yes, yes, he groaned. Mommy! I love being in you.

It's so wonderful, I panted, squeezing my snatch around him. Mommy can't wait to have you spurt in me.

To have his baby, cooed Margaret. You want his child.

My thoughts prickled. I do! I want your baby!

Eric groaned and thrust harder. He kissed me with such passion. I trembled beneath him. I loved every moment of his cock thrusting into me. He fucked me with such passion. He buried to the hilt in me over and over again. I loved it. My pussy clamped down on his cock as he speared into me. He filled me with that cock. He plowed into me hard and fast.

I loved it. I savored it. This was such an incredible moment. My pussy gripped his dick. My cunt clamped down on him as he thrust away at me. He fucked me hard and fast. He buried to the hilt in me with such force.

I loved every moment of it. Every thrust. He buried deep and hard into my snatch. I loved how he made my pussy come alive. I squeezed my snatch around him, savoring the pleasure of his dick plowing into me as our tongues danced.

This was so much better than with my husband. 

I shuddered beneath my son, climbing towards my climax. My pussy gripped him, savoring his girth as he pumped away at me. My nipples rubbed into his chest, bursting with pleasure. I would have such a big climax on him.

I would milk my son's cock of all his incestuous seed. He would breed me.

Mmm, yes, yes, who do you want to reincarnate, Jennifer? my goddess-friend cooed. Who do you want to bring back into this world?

I broke the kiss and gasped, My mother!

Then, through the incestuous union of you and your son, your mother shall be reborn as your daughter! Margaret moaned and she closed her eyes.

I felt something wash into me then... My womb burned. I gasped as I felt this prickling heat rush through me. I squeezed my cunt down on my son's cock. He slammed to the hilt in me. My clit burst with sparks from his pubic bone grinding into it. 

My orgasm exploded through me.

Oh, my goddess, I howled as my pussy went wild, my womb prepped to take my son's seed and reincarnate my mother. I bucked and trembled on the bed, my twat rippling and writhing around his cock. He thrust hard into me. 

Mom! he gasped and erupted.

His seed fired into my receptive womb. I shuddered as his jizz splashed against my cervix and flooded towards my egg. I squealed in delight, clutching to him as the magical rapture of being bred by my son swept through me.

I gasped and groaned, my cunt writhing around his dick. The pleasure swept through my body. It made me shiver in delight as my mind drowned in ecstasy. I bathed in rapture as my pussy milked out more and more of my son's cock. 

You're breeding me, honey! I moaned, trembling through the rapture. Oh, yes, yes, you're breeding me and reincarnating your grandmother! She'll be your daughter!

Mmm, that's beautiful, purred Margaret. She rolled off the bed. Now you need to share your son with your husband. He has to enjoy sloppy seconds and Eric... Eric needs to enjoy his mother's mouth working up and down his cock.

Yes, I groaned, my orgasm peaking in me. Ooh, that sounds wonderful. Don't you think, honey? Do you want Mommy to blow you?

My son nodded. Yes, I do. You're so awesome, Mom.

He pulled out of me with such eagerness and knelt beside me, his cock thrusting wet before me. He was covered in pussy juices. I smacked my lips, a naughty shiver racing through me. I rolled onto my hands and knees, thrusting my ass out at George. My son's cum leaked out of my pussy.

Come enjoy my sloppy pussy, George, I moaned. Mmm, our son just bred me. How hot is that?

Hot, groaned George as he mounted the bed. He grabbed my hips. I love you, Jennifer.

I love you, George, I moaned then swallowed our son's cock.

The tangy flavor of my pussy soaked my taste buds. I sealed my mouth around his dick. I nursed on him hard as George nuzzled his cock into my juicy snatch. He thrust into me as I nursed on Eric's dick. I shuddered as my husband entered my sloppy depths.

He was enjoying me after our son. That was so hot. A naughty shiver ran through me. My cunt squeezed down on my husband. He felt so incredible in my pussy. Just amazing. I loved the way his dick plowed into me. He fucked me so hard.

He pounded my cunt with his big dick. He buried into me as I nursed on Eric's cock. I bobbed my head, loving his shaft. His rod throbbed in my mouth as my tongue swirled around him. I cleaned off my own tangy pussy cream.

Mom! gasped Eric.

Just enjoy, groaned George. And honey, are you going to want him to cum in your mouth?

I slid my lips off my son's cock to moan, In my mouth. I want to swallow it all. I want to guzzle down my son's cum.

You heard your mother, groaned George as he pumped away at my cunt. Flood her mouth with all that jizz.

Sure thing, Dad! he gasped, his cock twitching in my mouth.

This was so hot.

I nursed on him with such hunger, suckling as George pumped his cock in and out of my cunt. He fucked me so hard, his nuts slapping into my bush. I loved the way he buried into me, his dick slammed hard and fast. He buried deep into me over and over again. 

I loved him fucking me as I suckled on our son's cock. I shuddered as his shaft stretched me out. He pounded me with such force, building and building me towards this explosive release. I would have such a huge climax. Just a big burst of passion on his dick. 

I wanted to cum on him. To climax. My pussy clenched around him as he fucked me harder and harder. He buried into me with everything that he had. He plowed deep and hard into my snatch my orgasm building and building.

Mom! Mom! gasped Eric.

His salty precum spilled over my tongue as I bathed the crown of his cock with it. Then I suckled on him again. 

Oh, that's so good, Mom! He shuddered, his glasses slipping on his nose. I'm going to cum if you keep doing that.

Give your mother what she craves, George panted as he fucked me hard.

I wanted it so much.

I suckled hard, bobbing my head as my husband drilled my cunt. My son's cock throbbed in my mouth. The taste of my pussy faded as his salty precum dominated. I wiggled my hips, so eager for that eruption of spunk.

God, Jennifer, it's so hot to share you with our son, groaned George. Just so fucking hot!

It was. I was so glad that he was fucking my sloppy cunt as I blew our son. 

George slammed into my cunt as Eric gasped, Mommy!

His cum erupted into my mouth. The moment his salty jizz splashed against my taste buds, my pussy exploded around my husband's cock. My cunt came on his dick. This wild surge of pleasure rushed through me as George fucked my sloppy twat.

Oh, yes, Jennifer! groaned George as the pleasure washed through my body. Honey!

He buried into me and erupted.

My husband's cum fired into my pussy as I gulped down our son's salty load. Stars danced before my eyes. I squeezed them shut as I enjoyed swallowing my son's cum. I swallowed every bit of it that I could. This was incredible.

I groaned, my cunt writhing and convulsing around my husband's cock, milking out the cum. It was incredible to feel his jizz spurting into my twat. A wave of delight washed over me. I groaned, stars dancing before my eyes. 

Mommy! groaned my son. Oh, mommy, that's so good!

I gulped down the last of his cum as the door downstairs opened. George groaned, firing his cum into my pussy. Mark was home. It was time to show him this new way. I was so excited for it. My pussy rippled around that big dick into my cunt.

This was all so amazing. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Agent Mac Smith

I planted the last sensor around the town.

I could go back to my hotel room, see what the talent was like on Tindr here. Maybe there was a board housewife I could fuck. I headed back. This would be an easy task. Nothing was happening in this town. The agency was on crack to think something psychic was going on.

But I would cash my check and enjoy all the local poon I could between filing my pointless reports. The government sure knew how to waste money. 

To be continued...
