Pink (m/f inc slow)
By Pauley

I had been out with some friends that afternoon, and was felling pretty good when I got home.  We had played a couple of games 
of pick-up soccer in the park and had done quite well.  As the summer went on we were getting quite good; not surprising, the 
amount of time we spent playing.

As I walked up to the door I could hear that there was some kind of commotion going on inside.  I thought that maybe it was about 
me; I was a little late for dinner and sometimes my Mom got upset if we weren't all ready to eat at the exact moment that she 
wanted to serve the food.  I opened the door slowly and quietly hoping that I might be able to sneak in without anyone noticing.  
As it turned out it didn't matter.  No one was paying any attention to my entry.  My parents were standing in the living room 
shouting at my older sister.  There were several things that were a little shocking about the scene: one is that my parents 
rarely got mad enough to shout; another is that my Dad, who is rarely very aggressive, was standing pointing down at Alison, my sister, with a very aggressive motion in a very aggressive stance; my Mom looked like she was close to tears with the whole scene; Alison was shrinking back from Dad's onslaught and was openly crying; and last but no where near least was that Alison had very pink hair.

This last thing might have caught my eye last, but was really the most important thing going on in the room.  It was obviously what the whole affair was about.  Dad was shouting something about being a whore (Alison was the last thing from a whore, what was he thinking?), Mom was looking quite obviously at Alison's hair and making a slight moaning noise and Alie was sobbing.

"Get to your room!  Your grounded!" my Dad shouted.  Alie took this opportunity to extricate herself from the situation and ran down the hall, slamming her door after her.

I was in shock, as probably were my parents.  The pink hair was rather unlike anything that Alie had done before.  I knew that my Mom had taken Alie to get a hair cut yesterday, and that Alie was upset with the style that Mom had forced on her.  Alie had worn her hair rather long and straight for a number of years, but what she had come back from the salon with was quite short.  At it's longest it went to about the middle of her neck and poofed out a bit toward the ends.  I don't know the technical details, but it was quite a change.  I thought it was kinda cute on her, and I think Mom was just trying to get Alie to wear her hair in a bit more of a mature style.  They sometimes made comments about how she looked like a hippie, or a flower-child.  Alie, though, loved her long hair and was distraught at what Mom had forced on her.

"Hmph!" Dad said, turning and walking into the other room where I heard the TV come on.

"I better get dinner on the table," Mom sniffled heading toward the kitchen, leaving me alone in the room.

Dad wouldn't let me get Alie when we sat down at the dinner table, so I suffered through a quiet meal with my sullen parents.  Mom let me take a plate of food in to Alie after we were done, though.  She was lying on her bed, still sniffling.  I put the plate down on her desk and sat beside her on the bed, sitting sideways, one hand lightly touching her side to show my support.

"Can you believe the things he said to me?" she asked miserably.

"He's just mad.  You know how he likes everything to be just so.  Any little variation from what he deems to be normal and he has trouble dealing with it.  I'm sure he didn't really mean what he said," I told her seriously, bending down to give her a hug.

Her arms came around me and clutched me tightly to her.  I really meant it to be a short little hug, but she held me tightly not 
letting me go.  I felt her shake lightly as she sobbed a few times.  I felt so helpless, I didn't know what to do to make her feel better.  We were very close, both in age and emotionally.  We depended on each other a lot, and we spent quite a bit of time together.  Both of our parents worked full time, but ever since we were young they expected us to come home right after school; no going to friends' houses, or having friends over.  They were slackening off a little bit now that we were older, but it suddenly occurred to me that this incident might have pushed that back a little bit.  We thought we were quite grown up, but since we were both still teenagers I don't think our parents thought so.

I kept hugging her shoulders, telling her everything was going to be OK, her arms wrapped tightly around me.  I turned my head and kissed the side of her head a few times, not knowing what else to do.

I slowly became aware that my back was getting sore, bent over in the position I was in.  I slowly rotated my hips so that I was lying on the bed, my legs beside hers, our torsos still clutched together.

"Uncomfortable?" she muttered into my shoulder.

"Much better now," I said into her hair, kissing her again.

Her arms slackened on me and I rolled over her to lie on my side along her left side, one arm over her tummy.  From where I was I got a good up-close view of her formerly dirty-blond hair, my hand coming up to touch it.  The colour was actually a rather pale pink, but pink none the less.

"I can't believe that witch made me get this hair cut," she said angrily, her body tensing beside me.  "She didn't even ask me, just told the stylist what she wanted.  I couldn't see what was going on, she had me facing away from the mirror, but I knew she was cutting a lot off.  I just didn't realize she was cutting so much off!  I look like a Pixie!"

"I think it looks really cute," I said gently, hoping my tone of voice would calm her down a little.  "It's definitely a big change from before, but I like it.  Sometimes a change is good."  My hand was stroking her hair now, my fingers running through it.  I always liked it when people did that to me.  My Mom used to do that, and called it a scalp massage.  I thought the word 'scalp' was a stupid word, but the action felt really nice.

She looked over at me with a distrusting cant to her mouth.

"I do!" I insisted.  "I like how it curls around on the ends like that.  Your hair was so long before that it never got a chance to curl.  Your hair has a whole new attitude now."

"Ugh," she said with disgust, now a little calmer.  "I hate it."

"Well, the good thing is," I told her, "it'll keep growing and before you know it, it'll be as long as before again."

"Yeah, in a couple of years!" she said, now much calmer than before, the hint of a smile at the corners of her mouth.

"I think the guys are gonna love it," I said genuinely

"You think so?" her hand now going to her hair and feeling it's length.

"Of course," I assured her.  "I'm a guy, aren't I?  I like it."

She looked over at me again.  "I guess you are a guy," she smiled and kissed me lightly on the nose.  "Thanks for making me feel better."

There was a pause, me now quite glad that I was able to calm her down and hoping that I might have given her a positive perspective on the issue that she could think about.  "How did you do it?" I asked after a few minutes.

"I was over at Katie's place and we were talking about makeup and stuff.  You know, girl stuff.  She said that since I already had a big look change I should keep going.  She says since we're out for the summer now's a good time to do it.  She said she's been thinking of changing her hair colour, and asked if I wanted to, too.  I said I was a little scared, I already had a big change to deal with, but she finally convinced me saying that we would both do it.

"She said the best way is to try it out is to use a temporary colour rather than a permanent one.  We looked though her cupboards and found a couple of different flavours of Kool-Aid.  She had a box of Black Cherry that she was planning to use, and I had orange, cherry and pink lemonade to choose from.  I wasn't really sure about the others, but the pink lemonade looked like a nice soft colour, not too bright, and I thought I might look like Lady Gaga.  So, that's what we did."

I leaned in and inhaled deeply from Alie's hair.  "Yummy."

Katie was Alie's best friend.  They had been inseparable since kindergarten always did everything together, so it didn't surprise me that they did this together, too.  Katie was actually the first girl who really caught my eye.  She had always been around, but when she was 12 she started growing hips and breasts.  It took me a while to really notice that, me being a year and a half younger, but here was this girl who was always around who was suddenly a young woman, and quite a cute one, too.  It was quite a shock to my system when this thought finally registered with me when I was 11 or so, and even though Katie and I always got along really well I think I went a week or so without saying a word to her.  I found myself really shy and nervous every time she was around.  Ever since then I've had a little crush on her but she doesn't know it.  She was my first real-person masturbatory fantasy.  Prior to thinking of her in that way it was always the women in my Dad's Playboys flitting across the insides of my eyelids while my hands were busy stroking my erect penis.

I couldn't help, now, letting my mind wander, tying to imagine what Katie's brown hair would look like with Black Cherry in it.  I imagined black with red highlights and it made me smile a little.

Alie looked over at me, a smile growing on her face, too.  "You're wondering how Katie looks with her new hair colour, aren't you?" she accused, poking me in the tummy with her finger.  "Well, just for your information, she looks pretty cute.  Not as cute as me, but almost," she winked at me giggling and poking me again.

"She'll never be as cute as you," I said patronizingly.  I did think Alie was really cute, and locked away way in the back of my mind where I never brought them out for scrutiny were the memories of glimpses of her in her bra and panties that I had been lucky enough to catch over the years since I'd been looking.  I would never admit it aloud but she was another real-person guest in my masturbation fantasies.  I'm not sure that there's anything that gets me going as quickly as the image of her pretty face perched atop her delicate shoulders; her soft breasts cradled in pink lace; her soft flat tummy; her cute little belly button; her hips pulling taut a pair of pink lace low-rise panties that the slope of her tummy disappeared under; the triangle of those panties leading down to the spot where her thighs didn't quite meet, where the material turned and headed out of sight, where the flatness and smoothness contrasted so sharply with my own equipment in that location, where just the faintest hint of her cleft could be detected, whether a slight indentation in the material as it followed her or a slight shadow through the lace I wasn't sure; her soft thighs; her cute knobby knees; her pretty, slightly pigeon-toed feet.

But, as they say, I digress.

"Oh, you lier," she said slapping me lightly on the tummy.  "You love her and you know it.  I've seen how you look at her, all googlie-eyed.  You'd jump her bones if she gave you the slightest chance."

"What?"  I can't believe it.  I thought it was my secret.  "I would not!  Well, maybe if she begged me."

"Pthhh.  You'd do it if she winked at you."

It's always good to know when to give up on the ruse.  "What can I say?  I'm a guy.  I'd do it with any girl who winked at me."

Alie giggled, rolling toward me and poking me in the tummy again.  She looked me right in the eye and gave me an exaggerated wink before breaking out in giggles again.

I would have stuck my tongue out at her if we hadn't been almost nose-to-nose.  Instead I thought I'd play along with her game and with exaggerated moves I pushed her over on her back, rolled on top of her and pressed my lips to hers.  She paused for a second and kissed back before breaking out in giggles again and pushing me off her.

"Get off me, Horny-boy," she giggled

"Careful who you wink at, Girly," I laughed back at her.

We laughed and rolled around on the bed for a few more minutes before we calmed down and relaxed again lying side by side.  Alie looked over at me with a thoughtful look on her face, like she was trying to decide something.  "You want to see something Mom and Dad don't know?" she asked me?

"OK."

She reached down and popped the button on her white denim shorts, following that by pushing down her zipper.  The waistband of a pair of purple satin panties came into view, topped by a tiny bow of matching material.  I swallowed hard, my mind trying it's hardest to memorize what she was showing me.  She paused for a second after pulling the flaps of her shorts open, making me wonder why it would matter to our parents that she was wearing purple satin panties.  I knew she had smaller ones, and sheerer ones, and Mom often did the wash.  I didn't really spend much time thinking about that, though, rather enjoying the view down between her breasts, along her flat tummy and down to her cute little panties.

Alie finally gave a little sigh and grabbing the waistband of her panties with the thumb and fore-finger of each hand she pulled it away from her body and down slightly.  Into view came her pubic hair which I stared at for long seconds before it registered that this hair was coloured pink, too.

"Oh my god, Alie!  You coloured all your hair!"  I swallowed hard again, a smile braking out on my face.  I wanted to laugh with her about it, but even more I wanted to look there for as long as she would let me.  Even more I wanted to get up on my knees and take a closer look, but I didn't think I had time for that, and I didn't want to scare her.  She was taking a big step in showing me this, and I wanted to show her she could trust me.  I hadn't seen Alie naked since we were little kids and would bathe together.  She didn't look now anything like she looked back then, nor had I been very interested in how she looked.  But I was now, and I didn't want to spoil any possibility of future opportunities.

Her fingers suddenly let go of her panties, the waistband snapping back against her tummy, the sound snapping me out of my daze.  I looked up into her face with a big smile and laughed.  "Good job, Alie," I told her.

She had a slightly worried look on her face, her bottom lip held between her teeth, but a smile broke out with my words and she giggled with me.  "I thought you'd like that, Horny-boy."

We giggled and rolled around some more, tickling each other.  We hadn't had so much physical contact since we were kids and I think we both liked it.  I felt really close to her, and I think she felt the same.  We hugged a little between tickles, then ticked some more, squirming around on the bed.  I noticed that Alie didn't make any move to do up her shorts and while she wiggled around they had come quite loose.  At one point while I clutched her to me in a hug so that she couldn't tickle me I looked down her back and saw most of her cute little bum covered in just her purple panties.

After a while we were just hugging on the bed, lying side by side, calming down from our physical play.  I was trying not to press my pelvis against her, since I didn't really want her to know that I had a raging hard on.  Finally I let her go and rolled onto my back.  Alie propped her head up in her hand and looked over at me, her face flushed.  I watched as her eyes moved down my body, coming to rest on the obvious bulge in my shorts.  I was hoping that she wouldn't know what it was, but that seemed unlikely.  I took the opportunity to let me eyes wander down her body, too.  Her t-shirt was quite tight, especially after all her squirming around and her breasts (A-cup I knew from peeking in her drawers) were quite prominent, her nipples poking out the fabric.

The bottom of her shirt had pulled up a little, and it seemed like a long ways down to the top of her panties, almost all of her tummy exposed and part of the slope of her pelvis.  The waistband of her shorts was down to almost the bottom of her hips, showing all of her panties.  I couldn't help but stare, but when I brought my eyes up to hers again she was looking into mine with a smile on her lips.

"I might as well have taken them off," she said, biting her lower lip between her teeth and giving another slightly exaggerated wink.

"I guess so," I said winking back at her, the dare in my tone.

Still looking directly into my eyes Alie squirmed around a little, wiggling first her hips, then her legs, before finally swinging her top leg up toward us, flinging her shorts at me and hitting me in the head.

"Hey!" I said, pulling the shorts away from my face and looking down to revel in Alie's panty-clad splendor.  "You're right, that's much better," I said with a big smile.

"Horny-boy!" Alie accused before swinging her legs off the bed and getting to her feet.  "Now get out of here so I can have my dinner."  She stood in front of me with her hip cocked to one side, one hand on her hip.  It seemed to me that if she really wanted me to get up she would have moved out of the way more, but instead she stood there, displaying herself for me.  Finally she turned on her heel and strode over to her desk where I had left her plate.  Her hips seemed to swing a little more than usual as I admired her trim little bum moving under the material of her panties.

I stood up, and before leaving, went to where she was sitting and leaned over, kissing her cheek.  "Enjoy."

As I was heading for the door I saw her shorts on the bed where I'd left them so I quickly picked them up and took them with me before she noticed.

--

That night I was reading a book in bed before turning off the light.  I was dressed in my normal night attire of just boxer shorts.  I sometimes switched that up with briefs, but it was usually boxers these days.  I found briefs to be much more comfortable to wear on a daily basis, sometimes I found the freedom that boxers afforded to be a bit distracting.  At school the looseness of the boxers meant my penis moved around more, and that sometimes lead to spontaneous hard-ons.  Briefs weren't quite as exciting, but the last thing I needed was any help getting an erection during a school day.

My Mom had bought me some boxers recently, even though I told her I liked briefs better.  I found, though, that they were quite comfortable to sleep in, so that's the duty they were put to most of the time.  I have to admit, though, that sometimes I wore boxers during the day just for some fun.  Sometimes it's entertaining to go to the mall and wander around with an erection.

There was a light tapping at the door and I heard Alie's voice calling my name quietly.

"Come in, sis."

She was dressed in a white shorty nightie, the hem of which just covered whatever panties she was wearing underneath.  She quietly closed the door and stood a little awkwardly, glancing around the room.

"You little shit," she said, her posture straightening when her eyes fell on her white jean shorts lying on my floor.  I hadn't tried to hide them from her, I just thought it was funny to take them from her room.  "Daddy came to my room this evening and apologized for being so mean to me.  When he knocked in my door I was still just in my panties and I went to put these on, but I couldn't find them."  Now the garment was in her hand and being shaken at me.  "I had to dive into my closet to find something else to wear and all I found was a little skirt that belongs to Katie.  It's a little small for me, and even though he apologized I could see the disapproving look in his eyes.  I think I flashed him a couple of times accidentally," she giggled at that a bit, and the tension drained from her body.  She sat down on the edge of my bed, looking at the shorts in her hand.  She went on to explain that Daddy had said he and Mom were disappointed with what she had done, but that he had overreacted.  They weren't going to ground her, but he said when the color washed out of her hair they would rethink it if she put more color in.

"I'm sorry, Alie.  I didn't mean to cause you more trouble, I just thought it would be kinda funny."

"It was, I guess.  I was rummaging around on the floor of my closet looking for something to wear with my bum up in the air.  I'm glad Daddy didn't just walk in," she giggled again.  "But I'm sure he got a good look at my panties anyway, 'cause I couldn't keep them covered with that little skirt."

The image of her purple-clad bum sticking up in the air, and her flashing my Dad momentarily stole my attention.

"I'm surprised you took my shorts and not my panties," she looked at me slyly.

"Well, you were still wearing your panties," I answered, returning her sly look.

"Too bad for you," she swatted me on the chest.

"Not really..." I trailed off, turning my head a bit and looking toward the ceiling, as though I was remembering her in her panties (which I was).  "Besides," I said, "I already have a drawer full of your panties."  I didn't really, but I could describe just about every pair she had.

"You're nasty, Horny-Boy" she swatted at me again.  I think she then realized that she was hitting my bare chest.  "Are you naked!?" she asked, the thought scandalising her.

I was sitting up in bed, but my duvet was pulled up to my waist and so covered my boxers.  I tried to give her a look as though she'd caught me at something.  "No..." I said, grasping the edge of the duvet.

"Oh my god, you are!" she accused, her eyes going big.  I wasn't much of an actor, but she seemed to buy my performance.  She grabbed at my duvet trying to pull it down to take a look.  I held on for a few seconds before letting her pull it away revealing my boxers.  "You liar," she accused, suddenly launching herself at me, knocking the book out of my hand and landing on top of me.

I was startled for a second, but then started wrestling her back.  It was a continuation of our earlier wrestling.  Both of us are about the same size, although I'm younger.  We're at that point where I'm going to pass her by in size, but it hadn't happened yet.  Instead we're fairly well matched, although I'm a little stronger.  We rolled around on the bed, both of us trying to grab the other's hands and go for a pin.  In the end I ended up on top, pinning her arms to the bed above her head, sitting on her pelvis, both of us breathing hard.  "Give up?" I challenged her.

"Never!" she retorted, squirming around trying to dislodge me, but not quite able to.  "You're lucky I've had a long day and I'm tired, or else we'd be reversed and then you'd be in trouble."

"Yeah, I guess it's my lucky day," my voice thick with sarcasm.

"OK, you win.  Let me up."

I rolled off her, thudding to the bed beside her, now quite exhausted and trying to catch my breath.  She didn't move at all, her arms still above her head, her chest rising and falling at a similar rate to mine.  I could see that her nipples were quite erect and they drew my eyes as they moved up and down with her breathing.  I also noticed that her nightie had drawn up, the hem of which was well above her small, almost transparent white panties.  I could even make out the slight pink tint of her newly colored pubic hair.

I looked back up to her face and saw that she was looking down my body, too.  Her eyes were fixed on my boxers, and when I looked down I realized that not only had our exertions given me an erection, but the head of my penis was sticking out of the fly of my boxers.  These boxers had a little button in the middle of the fly to close the opening, but I rarely did it up: it was much easier to masturbate if I had good access.

"Oops," I said, reaching down and quickly trying to do up the little button.  I wasn't very familiar with how it closed, since I rarely did that, so it took much longer that I had hoped.  "Sorry about that," I said.

"It's OK.  You know in Ancient Greece they used to wrestle in the nude," she said with a bit of a far-away look in her eyes, which were still watching my hand trying to do up the button,

My fingers paused in their task, my mind trying to figure out if she was saying we should just wrestle in the nude.  I wasn't sure if I wanted to do that, I'd probably never win another match, enjoying letting her pin me each time.  Finally I decided she was joking and went back to my task.  "They sure don't make these easy to do up," I said.

"Forget it, then.  You're covered up, and it's not a big deal anyway.  I showed you my pubic hair before."

"Yeah, I guess so," I said, my hands nervously leaving the confounding button, but making sure my penis was back inside and covered.  I was still quite hard and I was a little afraid it would find it's way back out the hole again, but Alie didn't seem too worried about it, so I tried not to be.  I wondered if she could still see it pressing out the fabric.

"I already know you're always horny, Horny-Boy, so it's no big deal," she said looking back up at my face and giving me her exaggerated wink again and giggling.

Alie rolled toward me, propping herself up on one arm and looked down at me.  "I just wanted to say thanks again for cheering me up earlier.  That was really nice."

"What are brother's for?" I asked rhetorically.

"I have no idea, really," she answered with a wicked gleam in her eye.

"Well, I've never been so insulted in all my life," I said dramatically, rolling away from her as though I didn't want to look at her anymore.

She grabbed my shoulder pulling me onto my back again and quickly jumped on top of me, straddling my hips and wrestling my hands above my head.  I put up a little resistance, but was rather tired from our earlier bout and just let her take me.

"Ha ha!" she said, the traditional exclamation of the victor, while smiling down at me.  I wiggled my hips a bit in a token effort to dislodge her, but she held me down.  Suddenly she got a funny look on her face and looked down to where she was sitting on my hips.  The fly of my boxers had come open again and the full length of my hard penis was now available, although only the end was visible up to where her pantie-clad crotch was sitting on it.  After a few seconds of looking at our junction she said "I guess it's half Ancient Greek wrestling we're doing," giggling again.

I felt myself turning red from embarrassment, and that made Alie giggle even more.  She gave me another exaggerated wink, then leaned down and pressed her lips to mine.  "You're such a Horny-Boy, but I love you," she said before she sat up putting her whole weight on my pelvis.  I looked down and it looked like her vulva were split around my penis.  She moved her pelvis once forward and back, and I'm pretty sure I almost came, then she jumped off the bed and headed for the door.  She paused at the door and turned back to me, lifting her nightie to show me her panties.

"Sleep well, Horny-Boy," she said, one hand holding the hem of her nightie to her tummy.

"Those panties are so transparent you might was well not be wearing them.  I can clearly see your pink pubic hair," I told her trying to embarrass her as much as I was embarrassed, still lying on my bed exposed.

She paused for a second before grasping the waistband of her panties with both hands and pushing them to the floor.  Stepping one foot out of them she used the toes of the other foot to awkwardly flip them into the air so she could catch them in her hand.  The other hand still held the hem of her nightie to her tummy, giving me a fantastic look at her pink curls.  Unlike the last time, though, I could clearly make out the deep pink color of her vulva and the darker cleft between them.

She gave me another big wink before stepping though the door and pulling it closed behind her. As soon as the door was closed I grasped my penis (I told you it was handy to leave the fly open) and started stroking for all I was worth.  I had the momentary glimpse of the full length of her vulva in my mind from when her legs scissored, kicking her panties into the air.  In just a few 
seconds I was squirting come all over my chest in the most amazing orgasm I'd ever had.

I thought I heard Alie's bed squeaking a little bit as I drifted off to sleep, but I might have made that up.

--

The next day was Saturday and when I arrived in the kitchen for breakfast Mom and Alie were already there, Mom washing dishes, and Alie sitting at the table eating a bowl of cereal.  They both looked at me and smilingly wished me a good morning.  Mom was dressed for the day, but I noticed that Alie was still wearing the nightie she'd had on last night, just like I was still wearing just my boxers.

Finishing the dishes and drying her hands on a tea towel Mom said "Dad had to go in to work this morning, some emergency he had to take care of.  I'm going to do some shopping and should be back later this afternoon.  I don't suppose either of you would like to come with me, would you?"

When I was younger I liked to go shopping with my Mom, but lately I've enjoyed staying home, or going out with friends more.  With school being out for the summer I was getting used to relaxing in the mornings.  Maybe I'd head down to the mall in the afternoon to see who's hanging out there.  Alie and I both muttered our disinterest, and Mom gathered her purse getting ready to leave, while I got myself a bowl of cereal and joined Alie at the table.

I again admired Alie's new haircut and color.  The style changed the look of her face quite a bit.  She looked like a different person, a little more mature, but the pink in her hair gave her a playful look that suited her personality.  She caught me staring at her and gave me a sly smile as she got up to put her empty bowl in the sink, the sound of her bowl punctuated by the sound of Mom's car starting and the tires crunching in the gravel driveway.  She turned to face me, leaning back against the counter.

I looked at the bottom of her nightie, wondering if she'd put her panties back on or not.  I couldn't really tell since the hem was lower than her crotch, and the white material was thick enough that no hint of her pink hair showed through.  She leaned back a little, causing the hem to lift up tantalizingly close to where I should be able to tell, but not quite close enough.  I looked into her eyes and she was enjoying giving me a show without giving me a show.  Without a word she gave me her big wink and walked out the doorway.  My eyes were glued to her ass trying to answer my question, but I still couldn't really tell.  I didn't think I saw any panty lines, though.

When I'd finished my breakfast I headed back to my room, looking in Alie's doorway as I went by.  She was lying on her bed, on her tummy, flipping through a magazine, and the hem of her nightie was lying just at the bottom of the slope of her bum.  With her legs closed I still couldn't really tell if she was wearing panties or not, but it sure didn't look like it.  There was nothing pushing against her nightie but her bum, I was pretty sure.  Maybe she was wearing a g-string, since I knew she had at least one pair.

I decided I really wanted to know, so I went in and sat down beside her on her bed.  She turned her head to look at me, but only moved her upper body so that she could see.  I glanced down and there was no change in the placement of her nightie hem.  I asked her what she had planned for the day, and with a little smile, noticing that I had looked down at her ass, she told me that she didn't have anything much planned.  She was going to meet Katie at the mall at 2, but till then she was just going to take it easy.  I told her that was pretty much my plan, too.  She was adjusting her posture a little bit, trying to get a more comfortable position to see me, but I didn't help her, just staying where I was, hoping that I might catch a glimpse of something with her movements.

Finally, not able to get comfortable and still have a conversation, she rolled over, but also reached down to hold the hem of her nightie down while she did.  My eyes were glued to the spot, hoping that in her gyrations she would slip up, but she didn't.  The nightie stayed pulled taut in her hands, and the evidence remained out of sight.  I looked back up at her face and she was smiling, watching me watch her.

"You're wondering if I put my panties back on, aren't you?" she asked me knowingly.

I had noticed that her pulling on the hem of her nightie had stretched the material over her breasts, showing them quite well now.  "Not really," I said.  "I know you put them back on after teasing me last night."

"Actually," she said slowly, "I didn't."

"Yeah, sure," I kidded her.

"Like I'm going to show you," she retorted.  "You'll just have to take my word for it."

"Like I even care."

"It sure looks like you do," she inclined her head toward my lap, where my hard penis was pushing out the fabric of my boxers.  Traitorous little bastard, I though.  At least it wasn't sticking out the hole again, I'd still not done up the button.

"It's always like that."  Not really a lie.

"Yeah, especially when you're thinking about naked girls, Horny-Boy" she giggled.

I reached for the hollow just beneath her rib cage, where I knew she was ticklish.  She squirmed on the bed and laughed out loud as I continued my assault.  I wasn't even thinking about her panties any more, just laughing along with her like we had when we were little and had a tickle fight.  She gave up trying to dislodge my hands and went on the attack herself.  Soon we were rolling around on her bed, laughing and tickling, but eventually we were both exhausted.  We called a tentative truce, and suddenly I remembered to check for her panties.  Looking down I could see that her nightie had ridden up over her tummy, and her pink hair was fully on display between her slightly splayed legs.  She saw me looking, and with a grunt, attacked me again, digging her fingers into my sides and trying to get above me to weigh me down.

I went back at her, too, my fingers now on her bare sides.  My mind seemed to be only half on the tickling, the other half on the feel of her soft skin under my hands.  I let my hands roam a little more than I might if I was just tickling her, feeling her soft tummy, and the little slope that I knew headed down to her pink hair.  I couldn't help but let me fingers just graze that hair, trying to see if it felt like my pubic hair felt.  It was very similar, maybe a little softer if anything.

I suddenly remembered that I was supposed to be tickling Alie so my hands went back to her sides.  I climbed her ribs heading for her underarms where I knew she was also very ticklish.  With all the squirming and the movement of my hands I had inadvertently pushed her nightie up high enough that it was getting tangled in her arms, which were still hitting my ticklish spots.  I could tell she was getting pretty frustrated with the sudden lack of mobility so she tried to pull it down a couple of times but it kept moving back up (I have to admit I wasn't helping her pull it down), so finally she seemed to lift her arms above her head, grabbing the garment on their way up and popping her head out of the head hole, the nightie pooling behind her neck, her arms still in it.

I was now totally distracted.  Here was my sister Alie, lying beside me on her bed, essentially completely naked.  My hands had stopped moving, my eyes now roaming over her whole body, taking in her heaving, bobbing breasts with their very pink areola and erect little nipples.  Her soft, smooth, flat tummy and little waist flaring out a bit at her slim hips, her hip bones poking above the plain of her tummy, her very cute pink pubic hair, and below that, her very pink, slightly red, labia.  All was quite visible because it's difficult to have a tickle fight and still remain in a demure and lady-like pose.  Her legs were splayed for leverage, giving me a great view of my first real live pussy.

Since I had paused to take in the view Alie took the opportunity to get the upper hand and threw herself on top of me, trying to hold me down with her weight while still tickling with her fingers.  I squirmed around underneath her, realizing by the feel, and a quick peek, that my penis was once again sticking out of the gap in my shorts.  I could feel her pressing against it, and squishing it between us at times.  I continued to move around underneath her, trying to dislodge her, but she held tight to me, still tickling as she was able.  

Finally with one big effort I flipped us over, gaining the higher ground, my hands holding her shoulders down to the mattress.  I paused for a second, both of us taking a rest to catch our breath, both of us panting.

"Not exactly Greek wresting," Alie said looking down at my boxers.  "Looks like only one of us is naked."

"Too bad for you," I retorted.

"We'll see about that."  She reached her hands down and tried to push my boxers off my hips, managing to move them only an inch or so on each side.

I pressed my pelvis to hers trying hard to keep my advantage, both in position and the fact that I wasn't as naked as she was.  Her hands alternated tickling my ribs, which caused my hips to move up trying to get away from them, and pushing at my boxers before my hips crashed back to hers.  Through a few iterations of this cycle she had the back down below my bum, and the front pulling rather painfully on my erection.  She had gotten her legs outside mine, and by curling them up, was using her feet and toes to push the garment further off.  Any further movement now, though, was getting a little painful as the waistband tried to bend my cock in a direction it didn't want to go.

"Wait, wait," I said, Alie stopping her movements, both of us looking down between us.  Alie's legs were up along my hips, her toes tucked into my shorts along my thighs pushing them down but the waistband in front stretched tightly where my hard penis met with my body.  "I don't think it's going to go down any further."

Alie started giggling.  "Sorry, I didn't realise it was caught on you," she said between giggles.

I couldn't help but notice that with Alie's knees up and apart as they were I could clearly see that the outer lips of her vagina were parted, her inner lips quite obviously red and glistening.  I could also see that my penis had some moisture on it, possibly Alie's.  For some reason I was a little surprised to find that she was as sexually excited as I was, but that thought really excited me.  Suddenly I didn't mind the thought of being completely naked with her.

But I didn't want to concede too quickly.  "You're obviously not going to get them off me, they're stuck."

"Oh yeah?"  She pushed down a little harder with her feet, both of us watching as the pressure made my hard penis dip down a little, lightly touching her splayed vaginal lips.  Both of us exhaled a bit with the contact, Alie's legs wavering slightly, but neither of us giving up.  "I'm going to keep pushing till they come free," she told me matter-of-factly.

"Alright, alright," I obviously wasn't going to win this one.  I reached down, grasping the waistband trying to pull it up, to get it up and over my penis but Alie kept up the pressure.  "You have to let me pull them up a bit to get them off," I said looking up into her eyes.

"OK, but no tricks."  Alie eased her feet higher up my thighs, but still kept her toes tucked into the waistband.

Finally I had enough slack to pull the shorts over the head of my penis and immediately Alie pushed them down to my feet and with a little kick I was as naked as she was.  She went right back to tickling my ribs, but also brought her legs back up to hold my hips in place between her shins, and now I was even more aware of the fact that my hard penis was lying along her wet slot.  As she tickled I couldn't help by wiggle my hips, the feeling of our intimate areas sliding together so intense.  From the way she rocked her legs, moving my pelvis against hers I knew she liked the feeling, too.

I put my forehead on one of her shoulders to keep her down and moved my hands back to her ribs to keep up the tickling assault, but she had other ideas as she flipped us both back over so that she was again on top, hugging me tightly.  We both paused again, both still breathing hard, possibly not entirely from all the exertion.

Her upper body was pressed tightly to me, and I could feel the soft sponginess of her breasts pressed against my chest, her hard nipples dragging across mine.  She was also moving her hips around a little, too, and her breathing was very quick, small sighs or slight groans coming from her mouth very close to my ear.  As we moved, sometimes I could feel her pussy against my very hard cock, sometimes her hips were off to the side.  Wherever her hips were they seemed to be making little circles, rubbing against me, against my penis or my hip bone.  I could feel that she was leaving her wetness on me, and there was a new smell in the air.  We were both perspiring, so there was the smell of sweat and exertion, but there was something new there, too.  A smell that was making my head spin, and my penis feel even harder, if that was even possible.

I tried to keep tickling her, but it was difficult with her pressed against me, so my hands moved to her back, my fingers still moving in tickling motions.  Somehow my hands made their way down to her soft bum, that was rotating on me and giving me such great feeling in my cock.  I squeezed and kneaded and pulled her pelvis tighter against mine, helping her keep moving.

She reached back, grabbing my hands and pulled them above my head in our classic victor/vanquished pose, and I let her do that.  She sat up on me a little, looking into my eyes with a winners smile on her lips and in her eyes, but she didn't stop the rotating of her hips.  I looked deep into her eyes, feeling a great love for her, before my eyes were pulled away to her bouncing breasts.  I'd rarely seen them move like that before.  There were times since her breasts had started growing when Alie went around the house without a bra under her shirt, and I was always fascinated with the way they moved on those occasions.  Each one seemed to have a life of it's own, doing something similar to it's neighbor, but not the same.  Now they were doing that in a much more pronounced fashion and I was mesmerized by their bouncing, my eyes trying to follow the complex curves that her erect little nipples were describing in the air.

I then looked further down between us and could see her pink hair pressed against me.  She was moving her hips in jerky movements from side to side, and up and down, and in circles, rubbing and pressing herself against me.  I couldn't help but press my hips against hers as she moved.  My penis felt like it was being attacked; moved back and forth, crushed and freed, sometimes I could feel her coarse pubic hair rubbing against the head, sometimes her soft inner thigh, sometimes her even softer and very wet labia.  Most of those movements felt fantastic to my penis, it was the greatest feeling I'd ever felt.  Way better than stroking it myself.

Suddenly there was a feeling of heat and wetness that seemed to surround my penis.  Alie let out a startled "Oh!" and froze above me, getting a shocked look on her face and staring into my eyes.  I stopped all my movements, too, because I wasn't sure quite what had happened.  Alie looked down my body to where our pelvises were still tightly pressed together, it all looked the same as it had before to me.  Alie lifted her left knee off the bed a little, though, lifting her pelvis off mine just a little bit, and then just a little bit more.  I couldn't see the head of my penis, which I thought I should be able to see lying against my tummy, but I could see the shaft.  As she pulled away a little bit more sudden realization hit me; we were still attached, my penis was up inside her pussy.  I moaned out loud with the revelation that I was finally inside a girl, my penis was deep in her warm wet pussy, the thought almost causing me to come right then.  The fact that it was my sister was a little shocking, but I felt another wave of overwhelming love for her.

Alie had stopped moving, my penis still buried in her.  She was still staring down to where we were joined and breathing rapidly.  She suddenly looked back up into my face, causing her body to fall back on top of mine, impaling herself fully again.  That caused her to let out another little "Oh!", but she otherwise kept our pelvises pressed together.

"Oh my god, Paul.  What have we done?" she exclaimed.

I swallowed hard and loud.  "I...ah.." I was at a loss for words.  It felt so good to be inside Alie, and I really wanted her to move around again, but she looked very distressed and the last thing I wanted was to upset her any more than she already was.  "Oh god!  We can't do this.  Not with my own brother!  I can't believe my own brother just took my virginity." She was shaking her head and looking away, a slightly confused and sad look on her face.

"Hey, wait a second," I said, my hands reaching up to touch her arm in a supportive gesture.  "We were just playing around, we didn't mean for that to happen.  Maybe it doesn't count." I had no idea what the rules were for losing your virginity, but it didn't seem to be that big a deal to me.  Whatever the issue was, it seemed to be already done and I didn't want to see Alie get upset about it.  Any time I'd ever thought about my own virginity I was trying to figure out how to lose it.  I guess it's different for girls than for guys, though.  I still didn't think it was a very big deal.  Either way, though, I was a little surprised Alie was still a virgin, I thought she'd had sex with her last boyfriend.  I came home once about a year ago and caught them in her bedroom, both on her bed and almost completely naked.

"You're still a virgin?  What about Tommy Hargrove?" I asked, mentioning that last boyfriend.

"What, you think I had sex with him?" her eyes quickly turning back to me.

"Well, you were here naked with him that time."

She giggled a little, which I could feel with the tip of my penis, reminding me that we were still joined.  "We were just showing each other that time, we weren't going to have sex.  We did masturbate together a couple of times, though, but he never put it in me."  The slightly sad look came back to her face.  "We were going to do it, at least I was planning to.  I even popped my own cherry so that it would be a little easier, but then he got together with Becky, that bitch," the sadness being replaced by anger, her brows knitting together slightly.

"Pppopped your own cherry?" I asked, not really understanding.

"Yeah, you know," she looked back into my eyes.  "Do you know what a cherry is?"

I'd heard the term before, when guys talked about popping a girls cherry, but I thought it was some figure of speech.  "Ummm..." I said intelligently.

She let out her breath in the display of fake exasperation she used on me whenever she got to teach me something I didn't know.  "A girls...vagina...often has a flap of skin at the entrance that blocks it or closes it down a little.  It usually gets stretched or broken the first time she has sex, but sometimes it can break from other things, too, like a tampon.  Julie broke hers on her bike seat when she went over a jump and sat down really hard." She giggled a little again, but I winced a little knowing what sitting down hard on your bike seat felt like.  "It usually hurts when it happens, so I broke my own so that having sex would be easier."

"How did you do that," I asked a little tentatively, not sure if I wanted to know the answer or not, but curiosity getting the better of me as usual.

She got a smile on her face again, looking at me slyly.  "Mom's got a vibrator..."

It took me a second to figure out what she was saying, but I suddenly realised that she had fucked herself with Mom's dildo.  I didn't even know Mom had one, so there were quite a few surprises in that short little phrase.

"No," I said, meaning I was surprised to hear that Mom had a dildo.

"Yes," Alie nodded, meaning that that's what she'd done.  Leaning a little closer she whispered conspiratorially "sometimes I still use it when no one else is home."

"No," still shocked.

"Yep.  Feels really good."  She shifted her hips a little, lifting up and letting herself down again just a tiny bit.  "Although this feels nicer.  You're much warmer."

I was too shocked to reply; I just stared at her with big eyes.  My mind was full of images of Alie rubbing and fucking herself with a vibrator, lying on this very bed with her legs spread.  That is until she shifted her hips again and the incredible feeling on my penis brought me back to reality.  Looking down to where we were joined was way better than thinking of Alie with a vibrator.  Well, both were really exciting, but one was more real at the moment.

I looked back into her eyes again, that sly look still on her face.

"Are you sorry that you lost your virginity to your sister?" she asked.

"Well," I began.  "I don't think virginity is quite as prized by guys as it is by girls.  A guy is usually trying to find a way to get rid of his."

A slightly sad look overcame her face.  "Well, it looks like you've found a way to 'get rid of' yours..."

I guess she was in a rather vulnerable place.  I never thought of Alie as vulnerable, she always seemed to be in control, but I did remember when she'd broken up with Tommy, and how she'd cried all night.  I hated to see her sad, so I just said what came to mind, which turned out to be how I was feeling.

"No, Alie!  I'm glad it's with you.  There's no one I love as much as I love you," I realised that was true as soon as it was out of my mouth, even though I'd never really thought about it before.  "You've always been the one to make me laugh when I'm sad, and celebrate with me when I win.  You're my favourite person." I felt a little tear come to my eye.  Looking back at Alie I saw that tears were coming to her eyes, too.

"Oh, I love you so much, Paul."  She bent down and hugged my tightly while my arms went up and wrapped around her.  We lay like that for a while, a few sobs causing tremors in her body that I could feel all over mine, especially where my penis was still buried in her.  She sat up a bit again, supporting herself with her arms on the bed and looked deeply into my eyes.  "I'm glad it's with you, too, Paul.  If it had been with Tommy he would have eventually left me for Becky anyway, but I can always count on you being there for me.  You always have been."

I hugged her to me again, pulling her tightly against me and kissing her head.  We lay like that for a few more minutes until, without moving her upper body, Alie flexed her hips, lifting her bum off me slightly before moving it back down again.  We both let out a little "Oh!" at the same time as her movement caused my still-hard cock to move inside her still-wet pussy.

"You're still in me; I almost forgot," she said getting up on her forearms again and looking at me.

"I didn't," I said with a big smile.

She slapped my chest and giggled with me.  "I bet you didn't, Horny-Boy."  Her giggling caused her insides to move, causing her pussy to move around my buried cock, causing my cock to jerk, causing Alie to sigh and close her eyes.  "It feels really nice to have you inside me like that," she said experimentally lifting her hips a couple of times.

"Ohh god, it feels so good," I sighed, my hands running over her back and along her bum.  I reached my left hand around cupping her breast and running my thumb around her nipple.  She watched me doing that, her breathing getting quicker as my thumb pressed more on her little erection.

"Mmmmm," she sighed, her hips starting to move up and down a little, also making little circles against me when our pelvises were together.

Suddenly she stopped.  "Oh god!", her eyes getting wide she pulled her hips up and off me, my wet penis slapping against my tummy.  She jumped up off the bed and went to her dresser, my unbelieving eyes watched her go, incredulous that she had just stopped it all like that.  She rummaged around in one of her drawers before exclaiming "Aha!" and pulling something out.  She came back to the bed with a little purple square in her hand, holding it out to me like a prize.

"We have to be very careful," she said getting back on the bed and sitting on my shins facing me.  "I got these to use with Tommy; he was too chicken to buy them."  She tore open the package pulling out a condom.  I recognized it right away and chastised myself severely for not thinking of it before.  That was a close one.  Alie grabbed my cock and expertly placed the condom over the tip and started to roll it down.  "I practiced THIS with Mom's vibrator, too," she said looking back up at me as her fingers unrolled the latex.  When it was unrolled to the base she knee-walked her way back up my body until she could sit on my pelvis again, staring into my eyes the whole time.  Once she was in place she rubbed her pussy along my cock again, smiling down at me, her mouth opening a little with the feeling of being back together again.

Finally she lifted up a little and reached her hand down, taking my cock and pointing it up.  It took her a few seconds of moving the tip around against her pussy before she was satisfied with where it was going and that it was wet enough to go there.  Still looking into my eyes she said "this time we're going to do it on purpose."  With that she let herself down onto me, the tip of my penis disappearing inside her.  We both let out another "Ahh," as she moved up and down, getting the latex wet with her secretions.  After a few in-and-out movements out pelvises were back together again, my hard cock again buried inside her.

She only paused for a second before starting to raise and lower her hips, moving my cock in and out of her pussy.  Every couple of strokes she would grind her pelvis against mine, then go back to stroking.  I can't possibly describe how amazing it felt to be inside Alie.  So soft and warm.  It wasn't quite as good inside the condom as it had been without, but it was still amazing.  Soon we were both moaning, our breathing coming in gasps.  Alie's hips were lifting and falling against me quite quickly and the sounds of me moving in her wetness filled the room.  My hands were flying over her body, too, alternately rubbing her breasts and nipples, running up and down her back, and squeezing her bum.  I was in heaven, inside Alie.

I have masturbated for several years, so I'm familiar with the feeling of an impending orgasm.  I could feel one coming on now, but I didn't want it to end yet, and I wanted Alie to have an orgasm, too.  I grabbed her hips and tried to get her to stop, so I could get back under control.

"Did you come?" she asked me breathlessly, her eyes coming back into focus on my face.

"No, but I'm just about to..." I said.

"Ohhh, do it," she said, her eyes closing again and her hips going back to their rhythm.  "I'm about to, too."

Her rhythm started me climbing the peak again, and I concentrated on the feeling from the head of my cock buried so deeply in my sister.  I could feel the tickling starting again, the come boiling inside me, looking for a way out.  I was getting closer and closer, and suddenly Alie lifted her head to the ceiling and let out a strangled exclamation.  Her face contorted, her muscles tensed, she started jerking around above me.  I could feel the muscles inside her moving against my cock, gripping it, and it sent me over the edge, too.  I grabbed her hips and thrust deeper inside her, filling the condom with squirt after squirt of come, my cock jerking in it's tight sheath.

We both jerked our hips together for several long seconds that seemed like and eternity, before Alie let out the air she was holding with a whoosh and collapsed on top of me.  My arm went around her and hugged her tightly to me, our sweat commingling, our chests heaving for oxygen.

We lay like that for quite a while, our breathing slowly returning for normal.  "I'm crushing you," Alie said, starting to lift her weight off me.

I pulled her back to me.  "Not at all, I like having you on top of me."

"Hmmmm," she signed, hugging me back.

"I think I have to go have a shower, though," she said, sitting up again and looking into my eyes.  "But first..." she leaned back in and pressed her lips to mine.  Holding them there we slid them against each other for a few seconds before she sat up again.  "That was way better than I imagined it would be."

"Ohh, me too," I sighed. "That felt amazing".

She looked down at where we were joined, my still-partly-firm penis still inside her, and lifted her hips slowly until I fell out, condom and all.  We both said "Oh!" as we separated.  Alie gently took my penis into her hand and slowly pulled the condom off.  "Wow, that's a lot of come," she said looking critically at the latex.  Pinching the end between her fingers she jumped up and headed for the bathroom, my eyes following her naked departure.  In the doorway she paused, and turning her head back to me she gave me a big exaggerated wink and a big smile.

---------

I have some ideas for continuing this story, if anyone is interested in reading more.  Let me know what you think, I'd love to hear from you:
pauleyf@gmail.com
