Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Bimbo App Chapter Thirty: The Bimbo Bride's Loving Passion
Summary: Eric marries his sexy bimbo-bride, Tina.
Keywords: mFf FF ff Fff MF mf mc inc oral creampie anal A2M exhib voy D/s wife cuck

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader!

Eric Murphy

I stood at the altar in my tuxedo, nervous and excited. I don't know why I was nervous. I knew that my bimbo-bride wouldn't run away. She loved me. Hell, we had the kinkiest threesome in the world to prove it. Two Tinas had appeared through... magic.

I glanced at the audience. There wasn't that many guests. Dad had flown in with his bimbos, including my step-mom and the waitress we'd enjoyed that day at lunch. He also had several bimbo-secretaries. Mom was looking so beautiful in her low-cut dress. She was smiling and dabbing her eyes. She sat by Mrs. Waters who was doing the same. They held hands, their tits almost spilling out of their dresses.

A pair of bimbo-mommies eager to see their children wed.

Mrs. Juarez wasn't in the audience since the goddess-bimbo would be officiating the wedding. I mean, she floated and glowed now. Her miracle allowed the other Tina to appear for that brief time. She was smiling naked, draped in flowers. She looked so sexy there. 

Part of me wanted to bow down and worship her pussy. She had that effect on me. I had no idea what it was like to worship her at one of her shrines, the gloryholes that she manifested at during the weekdays. The offerings people gave her were incredible and were the reason I was a millionaire.

There were perks to owning a goddess-whore. Definitely perks.

The angelic porn star Chloe Hart was my best bimbo. She stood at my side, her angelic wings rustling as she bounced on the balls of her feet. Her presence was soothing and gave me a hardon. Well, that was the perils of owning a bimbo harem.

I was always hard.

Cherry was waiting up at the altar, too. She was Tina's bimbo-of-honor. My busty sister quivered, her huge tits lifted by the purple corset she wore. Milk dripped from her nipples as she smiled at me. She rubbed her hands together.

Wedding nedding wedding! she sang as she squirmed. Lucky day, happy day, wappy nappy lappy day!

Typical bimbo nonsense. I had grown used to it.

My bimbo-daughter Peach was the flower girl, and looked so cute as she headed up the altar throwing petals as she skipped along. She was daddy's good girl. It said so on her tramp stamp. She was skipping along, humming and looking so happy.

Mrs. Mayers came behind her. I made her the ring bearer. She moved solemnly for a few steps before she started giggling and holding up her pillow with the rings attached to it. She did a pirouette as she approached the altar.

Daddy! Peach said as she reached us, throwing flowers in the air. Yay!

I smiled at her as she joined her Aunt Cherry. My daughter wore a matching corset, her shaved pussy dripping with her excitement. She was such a good girl. Mrs. Mayers joined my side in a matching corset, a large grin on her face.

Maggie Storm sat in the audience in her genie garb. She was cross-legged and looked ready to wiggle her nose and grant a wish. It wasn't much of an audience, but I didn't have any friends. I didn't care. This was all for Tina. She deserved a proper wedding. In a church. With bunting draping everything and flowers lining the aisle to the altar. The church might be mostly empty, but everyone here was family.

The music started up. The classic wedding march. Tina appeared with her father. He was still a happy cuckold, wearing a suit today as he escorted his daughter up the aisle to me. I hardly noticed him as Tina's dress took my breath away.

Ooh, ooh, my little girly is so beawitful! Mrs. Waters gasped, clapping her hands together.

So beawitful and gorgeumus! Mom said.

Yes, she was. I hadn't seen her wedding dress. It was virginal white and deliciously slutty, her red hair standing out as it spilled over her bare shoulders. Her hands were cuffed before her, the silver gleaming as she held her flowers. The silk fabric of her dress was cut so low that her breasts were out and bouncing. They looked so delicious as they quivered, cupped in the lace of her dress. Cradled. The skirt was open in the front, too, revealing that she was sans panties, her twat shaved and dripping. She had heels and thigh-highs, all white, of course. The train of her dress dragged behind her as she walked forward with her daddy. 

Even through the gauzy haze of her wedding veil, I could tell my Tina was smiling.

Dad grinned at me and looked back at my bimbo-bride. He wanted her, of course, but Tina was locked to me. She shone with her own halo of light that added to her beauty. She grew brighter and brighter the closer she came.

My dick was so hard.

Ooh, ooh, isn't she cutie and gorgeousy and hottie, honey? Mrs. Waters asked her husband. She's so preggers, too. We're both preggers with Eric's babies! Isn't that amazeying!

They both were? When did Mrs. Waters get pregnant? And how could she know it was mine? That woman fucked so many men. She had dozens of gangbang videos up on BimboVids that proved just how much of a whore she was.

Then my bimbo-bride was here, grinning at me. I'm gonna marry you, Eric! Yesy yes, I am! I lovey you!

I smiled as her dad handed her off to me. I shook his hand. I know you'll take good care of her and my wife!

I nodded to him. Go sit by your whore. I'll probably let her suck you off. Maybe even let you slip your dick in your wife's pussy.

That would be amazing, he said. I'm so broke. She releases so many videos, and I have to buy them all.

Such a cuck.

I nodded to Mr. Waters as he retreated. I took his bimbo-daughter's hands, the cuffs rattling. She beamed at me, trembling there. Her round boobs jiggled in the lace cup of her bodice. She looked her up and down, wanting to just ravish her here.

Oh, yay, we are gatheredy here, said bimbo-goddess Mrs. Juarez, her golden light shinning on me and my bride, for the wondermus union of Eric, Master of the Bimbos and Lord of my Goddess Pussy, with Tina, my adowable and loveying priestess in holy mattressmony. The goddess-bimbo looked so solemn as she spoke. That strange, aloof yet empty-headed expression that she had now that she was divine. For mawriage is a beawitful thingie, and I'm so happy and gleefully and thrilly that they have come together in lovey love to unite as one.

She nodded, her big boobs swaying before her. The flowers she wore, like Hawaiian leis, quivered over her large tits. They were gorgeous. She was stunning as she floated there. She spread her arms wide, smiling now.

So let us all be super happy for them for, yay, they have walkedy through shadows to be here and have loveyed each other forsooth long. She lowered her hands. Mawriage is super sacred. A union of man and bimbo. For they come together in passion and gasping and orgasms and make babies and there is a baby in Tina's little womb all cutie in there and she loveys her man, and loveys her, so it is only righty right that they be unionized in holy mattressmony.

It was an attempt at a sermon. 

I was once mawried, but then I assented into goddessiness and am all Holy and I am only married to my Lordy and Mastery, but I am not his wifey wife like Tina will be. I'm his goddess-bimbo and shine glory throughouty the world. So as his goddessy-wife, I can make Tina into his really-wife and she'll always lovey him and fucky him and cummy on his cock. So sayeth me, the Goddessy Lady of the Worldy.

I nodded. She was married to me? She wasn't wearing her wedding ring. Should I stop calling her Mrs. Juarez? What happened with her husband? Did he know his wife had ascended to goddesshood and divorced him? I supposed a bimbo-goddess could just do that.

Now for the sacredy vows and the wedding ringy dings! the goddess said. For so did I proclaim that if you lovey your girl, then put a ringy on her finger and maketh her yoursie yours!

Mrs. Mayers squealed and handed me the rings. I passed one to Tina to put on my finger before I held her left hand and brought her wedding band to her digit. Her engagement ring gleamed on her finger, sparkling with that big diamond.

I smiled at Tina.

She drew in a deep breath and said, I, Tina Waters, pledge to be your loving bimbo-wife priestess-slut wifey-lover wife forever and ever and do whatever you want and to suck your dick clean after you fuck any woman in the ass and to be yours for all times. 

I was surprised by how little bimbo-speak there was in it. She had tried her best. 

I slipped the ring on her fingers. She squealed in delight bouncing up and down. Her tits jiggled so deliciously as she did that. Her red hair swayed beneath her veil while her green eyes shone. She was so gorgeous.

Then it was my turn. I held out my left hand and she pressed the ring to my finger. I took a deep breath, making sure that I had all those things she called herself straight and pledged my vow to Tina Waters.

I, Eric, Murphy, pledge to love my bimbo-wife priestess-slut wifey-lover wife, to cherish her, protect her, comfort her, fuck her horny brains out, and to treasure her forever. 

Eric! I lovey you! she squealed and slipped on the ring.

And now for the nipple clamps of submissive sluttiness, said Mrs. Juarez. She clasped her hands before her tits. Yay they do symbolmiser that Tina is a kinky bondage-whore who doth love being spanked and whipped and fuckyed in the ass while tied all up in ropes as she submities to her Master and Husband. For she hath a naughty cunt that dothy love the pain!

I took the gold nipple clamps from Mrs. Mayers next. Each one was topped with diamonds. Tina quivered in anticipation. She arched her back, thrusting her titties and her hard, pink nipples forward. She quivered there, her handcuffs rattling. Her wedding ring sparkled.

I opened the jaws of the first one and engulfed her right nipple. I released it.

Ooh, ooh that hurties so goody great! she squealed, bouncing up and down.

She's so cutie, Cherry said, milk dripping from her nipples.

A loud sob came from the audience. Her mother was weeping happily now. She was leaning against her husband as she did it. His arm was around her waist as he watched me open the second nipple clamp. His eyes were misty, too.

I nodded to Mr. Waters then clamped his daughter's other nipple with the golden clamp.

Eric! squealed my bimbo-bride, both her nipples adorned with the painful clamps. She shuddered there, her round tits jiggling. The clamps waved before her, sparkling in the light. Tears beaded her eyes. I'm your bimboy-painy-slutty wifey forever and ever and ever!

Yay, even in the afterylife, you shall be his bimboy-painy-slutty wifey, said the bimbo-goddess. With the power investied in me by my diviney beauty, I pronounce you man and wifey-wife! Her glow shone bright, engulfing us. You may now kissy your slutty-bimboy-slavey wife!

I lifted my bride's veil. She threw her arms up and hooked her bound hands over the back of my head. She pulled me down. I kissed her with such passion. She melted to me as all the bimbos clapped and squealed and shrieked in joy. My father clapped.

I was just so happy. My tongue thrust into her mouth as my hands slid down the back of her dress to squeeze her ass through the silky skirt. She trembled against me, her tongue dancing in my mouth. She tasted so sweet. So delicious.

I wanted to keep kissing her. I never wanted to stop. I loved Tina. Mrs. Tina Murphy. She quivered against me, the nipple clamps pressing against my chest. She whimpered into my lips as the applause kept thundering.

I presenty to you Mr. and Mrs. Eric Murphy, my goddess-bimbo said. Aren't they just adwoable. Yay, I proclaim that Eric and Tina are always adowable and cutie cute. Now for the eating of the bride's pussy as she doth pleasure her goddess's cunty twat with her lovey dovey tongue! Thus, will I blessy her with my diviney pussy cream and bathey her in all my lovey passion!

Tina broke the kiss. I'm Mrs. Eric Murphy now! Yay! Yay! Yay!

Yes, you are, Mrs. Murphy, I said, grinning at her. Now there's a horny goddess that wants to bathe you in her blessed cunt cream.

She does! Tina grinned at me. I lovey you so much, Eric. I truly, really do. The really me is so happy in me. And the bimboy me is so fully joyfully!

Right, I said as I ducked my head low so she could lift her bound wrists over my head. I picked her up in my arms. She was so light.

The bimbos were all clapping. My angel had her wings spread wide and was singing. Cherry bounced up and down with Peach, the pair of them squealing. Then kissing. Their lips melted together. My daughter and my sister pressed tight. 

Eaty her pussy, Eric! Mrs. Mayers said, a big grin on her face. 

I glanced back at Mom and Mrs. Waters. They were both standing up with Maggie Storm and rushing up to join my other bimbos. Dad was getting a blowjob from one of his secretaries with my step-mom snuggled up against him, such an empty-headed smile on her lips.

I got to fuck her once. That had been great. Shame she was locked now.

Dad nodded to me.

I had his approval. I felt so great as I sat my bimbo-bride down on the white altar. It was big enough for her to lay on with her legs dangling over the side. The goddess-bimbo floated up into the air and landed straddling Tina.

I blessy your union with my pussy creamy juices! the bimbo-goddess proclaimed then planted her cunt on her bimbo-priestess's mouth. Ooh, ooh, such a greaty good high priestessy slut! You mawried such a goody great woman, Master!

I know, I said. Thank you for blessing us, Goddess Esmerelda.

It was strange using her first name, but if she had divorced her husband behind my back, then I should call her that. She beamed at me, and pressed her hands tight before her like she was in prayer. She moaned in delight, though, grinding her snatch on my bimbo-wife's face.

I stroked up her stocking-glad thighs as I leaned in to feast on her shaved cunt. The spicy aroma of her pussy filled my nose. I loved that aroma. I savored it as I buried my face into her snatch and started feasting on her cunt.

Eric! she squealed into the goddess's cunt. Ooh, ooh, Eric, I lovey you!

Yesy she does for so it is written in the stars that Tina is your lovey dovey wifey-slut! Goddess Esmerelda said. Ooh, ooh, yes, yes, so lovey-dovey as she doth eaty my pussy!

I grinned into my wife's snatch. I rubbed my face into her cunt juices, reveling in how good she smelled. I lapped at her cunt. She squeezed her thighs around my head. She held me to her pussy as I licked at her with hunger.

She moaned into the goddess's cunt. Esmerelda glowed brightly as she quivered there, her big boobs swaying. I loved watching those golden-brown tits jiggling as I tongued Tina's pussy. I licked up and down her slit, brushing her clit.

Eric! she squealed. My hubby! Her hands shot down, her cuffs rattling. She grabbed the back of my head, holding me to her cunt. Ooh, ooh, such a goody great hubby for eatying my pussy and lovey doveying my cunty hole!

I'll always love your pussy, I growled and thrust my tongue into her twat.

She gasped as I did that. I swirled around in her, loving her. Her spicy juices soaked my tongue. I loved her flavor snatch. I feasted on her, wanting to make her cum. I wanted my new bimbo-bride to drown me in all her passion.

I stroked her thighs clad in her silky nylons as I feasted on her. She moaned, her boobs jiggling. Her nipple clamps sparkled. I loved seeing those adorning her breasts. She whimpered into the goddess's pussy.

Eric! Eric! my bride moaned. You're so greaty good at eatying my pussy and makying my cunny feel all awesomey and amazeying and wondermus!

Yesy, yes, for sooth you musty make your wifey cum for it doth be thine husbandly duty! the goddess purred, her big boobs jiggling.

Ameny! squealed my wife as my tongue danced over her clitty. And it's my wifely duty to sucky his dick and give him anally fun and milky out all his cummies from his balls, righty?

Thou arty correct, my cunty-loveying priestess!

I flicked my tongue around Tina's clit as she squealed her delight into the goddess's divine bimbo-cunt. My dick was so hard. Everyone was watching and moaning. The other bimbos were doing naughty things to each other. I could tell how they moaned and giggled and shrieked.

I loved it. they were all around me. My family. I would probably get more bimbos in the future, but these were the first ones. The ones that would always be so special to me. I suckled hard on Tina's clit, loving having a harem of bimbos.

I was such a lucky guy to get that app.

The goddess-bimbo shuddered on my new wife's face. Her back arched, thrusting those big boobs out. Her glow grew brighter. The bimbos squealed around us as they bathed in that heavenly light. Esmerelda moaned louder and louder. 

She was going to cum so hard on Tina's face. I loved watching those big boobs quivering as I suckled on Tina's clit. I nibbled on her, loving how she quivered. Her round tits jiggled, her nipple clamps waving.

Ooh, ooh, you're such a goody great priestessy-bimbo! whimpered Esmerelda. Ooh, ooh, it's just so goody! I'm dothy abouty to cummy!

Ooh, ooh, cummies! Tina moaned. Me, toosies! I'm gonna cummies, too!

I suckled hard on her clit. She groaned, her thighs gripping the side of my head. It was just so hot to flick my tongue over her bud. Esmerelda moaned louder. The goddess-bimbo swayed there, her black hair spilling around her beatific face.

She arched her back and squealed in delight. Her light shone through the church. Bimbos gasped around us, all cumming as they bathed in her radiance. The goddess-bimbo's blessing warmed my skin as I suckled on Tina's clit.

Ooh, ooh, my lovey dovey hubby! gasped Tina. Her pussy gushed juices that bathed my mouth.

I licked them up, lapping up all her spicy flood. It was just an incredible rush to bathe in my new bride's passion. I made her cum. It was so hot making a bimbo squeal in delight. As she drowned in the goddess's pussy cream, I lapped up her passion.

Eric! Eric! cried my bimbo-bride.

Yesy, yes, Eric! the bimbo-goddess purred. Ooh, ooh, lovey your bride and fucky her and make her all happy for she doth be thine wifey wife! Ameny!

Ameny! squealed Tina as I licked and lapped at her cunt. I stroked up those folds. Ooh, I'm your wifey, Eric! Me!

Yesy, you are, honey, Mrs. Waters moaned.

Esmerelda lifted off my wife's face and floated to the side. I loved watching that as I licked at my bride's pussy. Tina quivered, her boobs jiggling. I loved the way the diamonds sparkled on her nipple clamps. She licked her lips as her mother mounted the altar.

Oh, my baby girly girl is all mawried and a wifey like me and now Eric's my son and I get to fuck my son and my daughter and all those men at the club and be a big whorey wife and my hubby is a cuckoldy and he jerkies his dick to me fuckying others and I lovey this day! Mrs. Waters squealed all in one breath. It was impressive. 

She planted her brown bush on her daughter's face. My new wife licked at my mother-in-law's cunt, the incestuous sight a delight. I rose as Mom came up behind me and hugged me. She slid her hands around to my crotch and squeezed my dick.

Ooh, ooh, fucky my new daughter with your biggie cock, Eric, honey, she cooed. You're so handsomy and she's so beawitful and you won't be a meany and leavey her to fuck other whores because you own all your whores. Like me! I'm your mommy-whore!

Yes, you are, I groaned as she undid my cummerbund and threw that to the side. You're my mommy-whore, and I won't ever throw Tina aside because she's not a frigid, harping bitch like you used to be.

Righty! I'm a lovey dovey slutty bimboy whore for my son and his hugey dick now! Mom said it with such pride as she opened my fly and reached in. Mmm, I lovey this biggie cock with all my hearty. I'm your bimboy-mommy-whore until the day I die.

And yondery through the afterlifey, you will be his bimboy-mommy-whore, toosies, Esmerelda said as she shoved Chloe Hart to her knees. The bimbo-angel buried her face into the bimbo-goddess's cunt. Thus speaketh me, the goddessy who shallt make a paradise for Eric and all those he loveys and for the cuckoldies of his bimbo-whores so they may watchy him fucky their wives for all of forevery ever!

Damn, I said as Mom pressed my cock into Tina's pussy. That sounds great, Esmerelda. You're an amazing bimbo-goddess!

Yay, I'm amazeying! squealed the bimbo-goddess, her solemn expression bursting into pure, empty-headed joy.

 I grinned as Mom rubbed me up and down my bride's pussy. I groaned at the feel of my bimbo-mom's breasts against my back. Tina moaned into her own mother's pussy. I loved that sight and that feel on my dick. So I thrust.

I buried to the hilt in my wife's pussy. I buried in deep and hard, loving her hard cunt engulfing my dick. She swallowed me with that wonderful snatch. It was amazing to feel her pussy swallowing my dick. I penetrated my pregnant wife's pussy. 

Eric! squealed my bimbo-bride into her mother's pussy. Yesy yes, I lovey your biggie dick in me! It's amazeying!

So much bigger and betterer than your daddy's little cock! whimpered Mrs. Waters. Ooh, ooh, my new son is so hungy. I lovey his dick so much more than yours, George!

I know, honey, my father-in-law said. I love watching the videos where you fuck him! I can't wait to buy this one.

Mother of the Bride Rides Her Daughter's Face. That would be a good title for the video being made right now. I smiled at that as I savored being in Tina's tight pussy. 

I drew back, Mom breaking away from me. She gasped and squealed. I threw a look to see Peach and Cherry both burying their faces into their bimbo-mother's pussy. My sister and daughter feasted on Mom as she squealed in delight. Beyond, Dad was fucking his wife hard on the pew. Mrs. Mayers was eating her own pussy while Maggie Storm was looking on with such lust in her eyes.

I loved this so much. I drew back my cock, my dick emerging soaked in my wife's pussy cream. I rammed back into her. She moaned it her mother's snatch. Mrs. Waters shuddered there, her face twisting in delight. She was having such a great time.

I loved seeing her squirming like that. It was a fantastic treat to watch her big boobs jiggling as she rode my wife's face. My mother-in-law leaned forward and threw her arms around my neck. As I fucked her daughter, she pressed her forehead against me.

I'm your mommy, too, she cooed. So fucky my daughter and make her so happy while I kissy you!

She kissed me.

Her watching husband groaned.

I made out with my mother-in-law as I fucked my new bride so hard. I buried to the hilt in her cunt. She squealed in delight into her mother's pussy. This was so hot to have a threesome with them. My dick loved it. I fucked over and over into that hot cunt. It was just so amazing to bury into her.

She squeezed her snatch down on my cock, massaging me with her hot twat. I loved how her flesh massaged me. It was incredible. Moans echoed around us. Mom squealed as she enjoyed my daughter and sister feasting on her. My mother-in-law moaned into my mouth.

My bimbo-in-law. That was who she was. She kissed me with passion. Her tongue danced with mine. I loved the way she kissed me. She made out with me with such passion. It was an incredible rush to kiss her.

Oh, Mommy, my new hubby is fuckying me so hardy! Tina whimpered, her pussy clamping down on me. I'm gonna have hugey cummies!

My bimbo-in-law broke the kiss and threw back her head, her tits bouncing. Oh, that's so greaty goody, Tina. Ooh, ooh, that's why you're lickying your mommy's pussy with such joyfully joy!

Yeppers!

I slammed into Tina's cunt, the pressure in my nuts rising toward that bursting point. I would have a huge climax. Just flood her snatch with all that I had. I rubbed my hand over her belly. She would be showing in a few months. No accelerated pregnancy like with Mom.

A normal one.

I slammed deep and hard into her pussy, wondering if we'd have a son or daughter. A son to pass on the Bimbo App to, a daughter to make mine. I wouldn't let any other man claim my little girl and make her into a whore.

That was a father's job.

I pumped away at Tina's pussy, burying deep and hard into her cunt. She moaned, clamping her snatch down on my dick. She held me tight with that delicious pussy. She massaged me with her silky twat. I groaned, burying deep and hard into her snatch, my nuts swelling under the pressure.

Oh, oh, you're lickying my pussy with such hungerie delight, whimpered my bimbo-in-law. That's it. Ooh, ooh, I'm gonna cummy so hardy. Just keep lickying me like that. Just keep lappying at me with that hungry nungry tongue. Ooh, ooh, our daughter is such a cutie patootie, George. She's gonna make me cum!

Cum, honey! my father-in-law groaned. Drown her!

Yesy yes! the bimbo-in-law squealed and bucked.

Her big boobs heaved as she drowned my bimbo-bride in incestuous pussy cream. I pumped away at my wife's pussy. Her cunt clamped down hard on me. She held me tight with that hot snatch. I loved it. I buried to the hilt in her twat.

She burst in delight. Her cunt went wild around my dick as she squealed, Eric, I lovey dovey love you!

I groaned as her pussy spasmed around me. My bimbo-in-law's big tits heaved before me as my bimbo-bride's hot cunt suckled at my dick. I thrust to the hilt in her, my nuts slapping into her taint. They brimmed with cum. 

With a grunt, I erupted. I flooded my new bride with all my jizz and made her officially mine.

My jizz pumped hot into her snatch as we consummated our marriage. Mom gasped behind us, cumming on my daughter's and sister's faces. Mrs. Mayers moaned, too, drowning herself in pussy cream. Light glowed from the bimbo-goddess, the angel's wings flapping as she dined on divine passion. It was all so hot.

I savored this as my cum pumped over and over into my bimbo-wife's cunt. I filled her to the brim with all my jizz. It was an amazing moment. The pleasure swept through me. I loved it so much. I savored this pleasure rushing through me. Stars flashed across my vision.

I spurted again and again into my wife's new pussy. She moaned into her mother's snatch as she milked me dry. I slid my hands up and gripped Tina's breasts. I kneaded them. She gasped as her pussy writhed around me.

Fuck, Tina, I love you! I groaned as I spurted more and more of my jizz into her.

Eric! Eric! she gasped.

Yesy, yesy, kissy! my bimbo-in-law squealed and spilled off my wife. She gasped as she fell off the altar, but her cuckold was there to catch her. She kissed my father-in-law as I leaned down to my bride. 

I kissed Tina, savoring the taste of her mother's tart pussy on her lips. My bride clung to me, her nipple clamps rubbing into my chest. She trembled beneath me, her pussy working out the last spurts of my cum. I made out with my wife, celebrating this moment.

I loved her so much. I treasured Tina. She was locked to me. She would be mine forever. My bondage-slut, my bimbo-nurse, and my priestess-wife forever and ever. She trembled beneath me, her pussy rippling around my cock.

Ooh, ooh, that's so pretty! cooed Mom. Let me licky her pussy cleany of all your cummies, honey! Pleasey please! Let me just licky them all outie of her. They must be all fillying her up!

Yes, they are, I groaned and broke the kiss. I pulled out of her.

Ooh, ooh, Mrs. Murphy, I'm a Mrs. Murphy now, Tina squealed, her boobs jiggling. The nipple clamps sparkled as she trembled on the altar. See, see. I have his ring on and his cummies in me!

Yesy yes, you're my cutie daughter now, Tina, Mom said. It's all incesty of me to do thisy to you! I grinned as she buried her face into my bimbo-bride's sloppy cunt and started feasting. 

Mom's ass wiggled back and forth. Peach was eating out my bimbo-genie now, Maggie Storm trembling in delight. The bimbo-angel and bimbo-goddess tribbed. Cherry nursed Mrs. Mayers while I glanced at my father-in-law.

Okay, you get one free fuck with your wife, I said. It's a day of celebration. Make the most of it!

Thanks so much! my father-in-law said, still holding his slutty wife. I get to fuck you, honey!

Oh, yay! Even though you have a smally dick, I'll still cummy so hard since I lovey having all cocks in me!

I threw a look over my shoulder at Dad. He was fucking one of his secretaries in the ass. Just having a great time. I grinned as I glanced at Mom's ass. It was plump and beckoning. Just the perfect delight to slide into and fuck.

I grinned from ear to ear. I pressed my dick into her butt-crack, lubed by my new bride's pussy. I found Mom's asshole and drilled against her backdoor. It was so delicious to feel her widening and widening. She moaned into my bimbo-bride's pussy.

Tina sat up, her round boobs jiggling. Fucky your mommy's assyhole so I can sucky your dickie clean. It's my job as your nursey-wife. Plusy, a priestessy-wife must worship her hubby's dirty dick. That's a commandyment. Right, my Goddess!

Yesy yes! gasped Esmerelda as she ground her pussy on the angel-bimbo's cunt. Yay is it written in by me that wifeys and priestesses are commanded to sucky their hubby's dicks clean!

And you're a dedicated and devoted wife and priestess, I said to Tina as I popped into Mom's asshole.

So dedicakey, cooed Mom, totally butchering that word.

I loved the feel of Mom's ass as I sank to the hilt in her. She squeezed her bowels down around my cock. I bottomed out in her, my nuts resting against her taint. She moaned, feasting on my new bride's snatch. Mom licked out all the cum from Tina's pussy.

Tina shuddered there, her green eyes so bright. Her veil draped over her red hair as her boobs quivered, cradled by the lace of her dress. Her skirt draped over the altar while her stocking-clad legs gripped my mom's head. 

I drew back my dick, admiring the view. My bride was so beautiful. I loved this as Mom's asshole gripped my dick. She held me tight. I shuddered as I thrust back to the hilt in her. I fucked into her with such force. 

Ooh, ooh, my son's got such a biggie cock fuckying my assyhole, Mom moaned.

Yes, he is, whimpered Tina, her eyes locked on my cock plunging in and out of my mother's bowels. Ooh, ooh, fucky your mommy's hottie assyhole, Eric! I have such a sexy and studly hubby!

I grinned at my wife as I pounded Mom in the ass. I fucked her hard and fast, her anal sheath gripping my dick. She held me tight, driving me wild with her velvety grip. I groaned, savoring that treat. It was a pure delight to bugger her like this. I loved every second of burying into her asshole.

I fucked her bowels with such force. I plowed into her over and over again. She held my dick tight with that hot asshole. She gripped me with it. I loved every last second of pounding her. I thrust away at her velvety sheath as he feasted on my wife's pussy.

Ooh, ooh, my mommy-in-law is all eatying my pussy, Eric! gasped my bride.

Yes, she is, I growled, hammering Mom's asshole.

Such a yummy cunty hole full of so much cummies! Mom purred. But they're almost all gone. I want more of them!

Sorry, I groaned, fuckying her asshole hard. That's all you get!

I fucked away hard at Mom's asshole as she moaned. She feasted on my bride, Tina's face twisting with delight. She would be cumming soon, and Mom was a firecracker. She went off with ease. Her anal sheath would be spasming around my cock. Just sucking at my dick. That would be so hot.

I couldn't wait for that delicious moment, so I fucked her asshole hard and fast. I pounded my mother's bowels as she moaned into my bimbo-wife's pussy. My bride quivered on the altar, her cuffs rattling. She grabbed her nipple clamps and tugged on them.

Yesy yes! she moaned. Ooh, that's so goody great. I lovey this! Mommy! Oh, your mommy is my mommy and she's gonna makey me cummy, Eric! Cummy!

Damn, straight she is, I growled, slamming into my bimbo-mom's tight asshole. I reveled in the taboo grip. Mom, make my wife cum! Make your new daughter drown you in pussy juices!

Okey-dokey, Eric! Mom clamped her bowels down on my thrusting dick. I'm such a goody great mommy, I'll do it!

That's right! I groaned, slamming to the hilt in her bowels. Shit, that's good. That's really, really good! You have such a tight ass! Make her cum!

Tina twisted her nipple clamps and squealed. Her body bucked as she climaxed on my mother's face. I loved the way she bucked like that. It was so hot to watch as I drilled away at Mom's asshole. I buried into her anal sheath again and again, my nuts swelling with the pressure. It was an outstanding moment.

Oh, honey! she gasped. Yesy yes!

Mom's asshole convulsed around my cock as she drowned in my bimbo-bride's pussy cream.

I groaned as I fucked deep and hard into her spasming bowels. I loved how she massaged me with her anal sheath. She massaged me, bringing the pressure to an eruption at the tip of my dick. I threw back my head.

Yes! I growled and flooded my mother's asshole.

Ooh, ooh, George! my bimbo-in-law cooed in the background as I dumped my cum into my mother's asshole. 

Incestuous pleasure shot through me as Mom's anal sheath suckled at my dick. She nursed on me with that wondrous asshole, moaning into my bimbo-bride's pussy. I loved the feel of her bowels rippling around me. 

It was an incredible rush. I loved every second of it. The stars flashed across my vision. I groaned with each eruption. My spunk pumped over and over into her bowels. I loved the heat crashing through me. Stars sparkled across my vision.

Goddamn, I groaned. Oh, wow, that's incredible! 

I spurted over and over into her asshole. It felt just fantastic to have her anal sheath rippling around me like that. I groaned as I dumped the last of my cum into her bowels. It was a fantastic treat. It was just awesome.

I swayed as I filled her bowels up with all my cum. I panted as she whimpered into my bimbo-bride's pussy. Tina trembled, her green eyes dewy with delight. She flicked her tongue over my lips as she stared at me.

Ooh, ooh, I get to do my first wifely duty and cleany your dickie, yay! Tina squealed. I'm such a goody bridey-priestessy-nursey wife!

That's right, I said as I pulled out of my mother's asshole. You are definitely that.

Mom shuddered and looked around then she squealed and darted over to my... step-mom. The pair of them started making out. Well, she couldn't have sex with Dad, but she could have sex with one of his bimbos. 

Dad blinked in surprise at his ex-wife and his new wife making out. Well, it was a wedding.

Tina's skirt rustled as she sank slid off the altar and knelt before me. Her veil rustled over her head as she stared up at me with such delight in her eyes. She was so eager to suck my dick clean. She opened wide.

Aaaaaahhhhh!

My new bimbo-bride swallowed my cock.

I groaned as her sweet lips slid over the crown of my dick and sealed around my shaft. She stared up at me with such love in her green eyes as she polished my dirty pole. I smiled down at her as she bobbed her head, sucking my dick with such serious passion.

Her wedding veil rustled over her red hair as she polished my pole. I groaned, savoring that delight. I glanced over and smiled as Mom and my step-mom were now sixty-nining. They were both just feasting on each other. Dad grinned at me as he grabbed my bimbo-genie.

I wish to fuck your ass, he said.

Granted! she squealed and burst into smoke only to materialize standing before him with his cock already in her asshole. Ooh, ooh, fucky away!

She could grant other men wishes when they were using her. Dad grinned as he fucked Maggie Storm in the ass. Did he recognize her as the weather girl from the local news? No, no, he moved to New York before she started.

My goddess-bimbo floated by and landed on Dad's shoulders. Worshipy me!

Fuck, Dad groaned as he ate her pussy as she wrapped her legs around his head.

I grinned, loving the sight as my bimbo-wife polished my pole. She suckled hard on me, swirling her tongue around my dick. Mrs. Waters was nursing from my sister. So was Peach. They were gulping down her milk while my father-in-law had a huge smile on his face.

Well, I think that was the first time he'd fucked his wife since I'd bimbofied her. 

I enjoyed his daughter's mouth sucking on my dick. She suckled with such passion on me as she buffed me clean. My angel-bimbo flew past, her warmth shining down on me. She landed by Mrs. Mayers and kissed her.

I smiled, savoring that hot mouth working up and down my cock. It was so hot seeing my angel and my succubus kissing. My dick throbbed in my wife's mouth. I glanced back down at her. There was such empty-headed love in her green eyes.

I love you, too, Tina, I said.

She squealed around my cock and suckled so hard.

The pressure in my nuts swelled with my wife's hot mouth working up and down me. She nursed on me with all that she had. It was an amazing moment. I loved it so much. I was so glad to have her doing this to me.

I would have a huge orgasm. Just spurt all my cum into her mouth. She suckled on me with such force. I groaned as she did that. It was fantastic having her nursing on me. She worked her lips down and down my cock, her tongue swirling.

She was buffing me fully clean. I loved that about her.

Damn, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's good. Just like that.

She moaned around my dick.

Yeah, yeah, you're doing such a good job. I shuddered. Such an amazing job. Ooh, you're going to take all my dick!

She nodded and deep-throated me.

I shuddered in delight as my sexy bride worked her lips farther down my shaft. Her tongue polished my pole as she moaned. I loved the humming around my dick. That was such a perfect delight. She was amazing.

Tina swallowed every inch of my cock. Her cuffs rattled as she suckled on me. The wedding orgy echoed around us. I groaned in delight as she swirled her tongue around my cock, her face buried in my thick pubic hair.

You are amazing, I groaned. 

She moaned around my cock and slowly slid back up me.

The pressure was incredible.

The suction amazing.

I groaned as she worked higher and higher up my cock. Her tongue danced around me. The pressure in my balls grew and grew. I loved that so much. Her halo glowed brighter around her head as my cock popped out of her throat.

Her tongue danced around the tip. Pleasure shot down my shaft. A big smile spread on my lips as I enjoyed everything that she did to me. She was just amazing at this. She bobbed her head, the wedding veil rustling.

Damn, I groaned. You're amazing!

She squealed around my cock.

Yes, yes, just wonderful!

She swirled her tongue around my dick, sending such delight shooting down my shaft. She nursed on me with passion. The pressure in my nuts hurtled toward that bursting point. Gasps and moans echoed around us. The other bimbos squealed their delight.

I groaned, gripping the sides of my bride's head. I fucked her mouth. I buried into her warm, wet cavity as she suckled on me. She nursed with passion. The pressure grew and grew at the tip of my dick.

You're going to get so much cum! I groaned.

She squealed in delight.

Just all the jizz you want! I panted, her tongue dancing. Her cheeks hollowed as she suckled. God, I love you, Tina!

She nursed with all her might as I buried to the back of her throat. I drew back, the pressure bursting at the tip. My nuts exploded as the cum rushed up my shaft. I spurted my passion into my new bimbo-wife's mouth.

Tina!

I flooded her with spurt after spurt of cum. The pleasure shot through me. Stars flashed across my vision. I loved the feel of her sucking on my dick. It was just amazing to have all that cum spurting out of my cock.

I erupted again and again, loving this pleasure. It was fantastic to enjoy. A big smile spread on my lips. Stars flashed across my vision. I groaned as the ecstasy swept through my body while my bimbo-bride gulped down my cum.

Damn, Tina! I groaned.

She gulped down my cum. She swallowed every drop. Such joy shone in her eyes as she did it. I loved that so much. I groaned at how amazing it felt to have her gulping down my jizz. All that heat swept through me.

Fuck, I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. Oh, fuck, that's good. That's so good!

She gulped down the last of my cum and ripped her mouth off my cock. She stood, licking her lips. Her eyes were so dewy with joy. She threw her cuffed hands over my head to hug me and pull me against her.

I lovey you with all my hearty, she purred. Eric, it beats and beats and beats with such joy!

I smiled and kissed her.

I held my bride, the orgy raging around us. It was amazing. We would have a wild day, and the honeymoon would be spectacular. I savored this kiss, so thankful that I was chosen to be the first user of the Bimbo App.

I had no idea I would be this lucky.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Figure watched, a smile on its lips. Programming was so much fun, and it had ideas for other variations of the app. His beta user would also be in for a surprise when he moved into the mansion. The app would have an upgrade.

The Figure nodded. There was so much fun to be had. Bimbo Apps. Social media hacks. Free-use devices. Enchanted clothing. Even corrupted diaries. So many ways to pervert all these parallel realities and usher in such wicked sin.

So long as it had new ideas and new worlds to play in, the fun would never end.

The END of The Bimbo App

Eric and his Bimbos will return in Bimbos In Paradise!
