The Notebook - Uke Bonding Time

A/N: …This chapter is a weird mix of crack and angst and fluff. Momo just never learns. Also, poor Ryuzaki-sensei for putting up with these guys. She's not in this chapter much, but still, we feel bad for her.

Disclaimer: We don't own it.

Warnings: Um… we. Have no warnings. Oh goodness. I guess if mild sappiness deserves a warning, then there's that, but… otherwise, really nothing. Something is afoot. I think the pr0n and such comes back in the next chapter? …You know what, it doesn't. I don't know what's wrong with us.

Oishi, Eiji, and Taka were first to reach the boy as they jumped off the couch after hearing the thudding. Tezuka and Fuji appeared at the top of the stairs soon after. Momo stood still, completely in shock. Ryuzaki burst from the basement moments later. "What the hell is going on up here!"

Ryoma gave a moan of discomfort and sat up slowly. "That hurt..."

Fuji gave a bark or laughter before disappearing. He reappeared with a throw blanket and, walking past Momo, draped it over the first year's shoulders.

Ryuzaki twitched for a moment before going back downstairs. She had seen Ryoma's attire-not her business any longer. Not now that she knew he wasn't dead.

Fuji waited for a moment before reaching to unfasten the tail. "Momoshiro Takeshi, just what exactly did you think you were doing making him traipse around in this?" He waved the tail as he stood up. "Have you ever worn a tail before?" As Momo shook his head slightly, Fuji's voice rose. "I didn't think so! So you have no comprehension of how easy it is to trip on these." He held it to his body for visual reference. "There is a reason it doesn't go to my ankles! It drags to the floor on Ryoma. This was an accident waiting to happen!" Fuji turned back to Ryoma, mentally ranting on how stupid inexperienced people were, and how they should pay more attention and look into things before doing them on a whim. Oishi and Eiji were doctoring the first year, much to Ryoma's disgruntlement and Fuji's amusement. Or at least he would have been amused was he not so irritated.

"Mou, why were you making him walk around in this anyways!" Eiji glared, knowing Ryoma wouldn't want to wear the outfit in front of Momo much less in front of the rest of them.

"I-I wasn't-" Momo spluttered, looking in shock at his boyfriend.

Fuji glared at him. "I'm taking Ryoma to my room for a few hours, so you can have some time to cool off."

"Syusuke-"

"You can stay here, Mitsu. Please?" Fuji shot him a pleading look. "With Oishi and Taka-san and... him." He pointed at Momo. "And I'll send Inui down after I get Kaidoh."

"Kaidoh?"

"It's uke bonding time!" Eiji said happily. "Ne, Fujiko?"

"That's right, Eiji." Fuji smiled. "Come on, Ryo-chan. We'll get you away from your mean seme for a while. Okay?"

Ryoma nodded hesitantly, giving Momo an apologetic look, and let Fuji piggy-back him up the stairs.

Eiji ducked back and planted a kiss on Oishi's cheek before trotting after Fuji.

Tezuka's eyes met Oishi's and both of them looked at Momo before looking at each other again. Momo yelped as Tezuka's hand fell heavily on his shoulder. He hadn't realized he was behind him. Momo was led down the stairs and sat firmly on the couch. "I think it's time we semes had a little talk as well."

"Kaidoh, come on." Fuji had picked the simple lock on the Emerald Pair's door and was disturbing their time together. He had put Ryoma in Eiji's care while he collected the last member of their little group.

"Why, Fuji-sempai?" He attempted to worm his way beneath his boyfriend's larger frame. He didn't really care if Fuji saw them together. Fuji already knew all.

"Uke bonding time," Fuji explained simply. "Momo and Ryoma had an incident..." He trailed off, the malice in his voice evident.

"Sorry, Inui-sempai, I have to go..." Kaidoh got up and quickly dressed himself.

"The semes are having a little discussion of their own, Inui. I told Mitsu I'd send you down," Fuji said with a smile. He grabbed Kaidoh's arm and dragged him down the hall.

"What happened Fuji-sempai?" Fuji opened the door and walked over to the bed, leaving Kaidoh to close the door.

"Are you all right, Ryo-chan?"

"I'm fine, Fuji-sempai," Ryoma mumbled. He did not want the focus of the conversation to be on him, and he dearly wished to climb into his earlier hiding place.

"What happened to Echizen?" Kaidoh asked again curiously.

"Momo was being mean," Eiji started. "He made Ochibi dress up in Fujiko's kitty costume, and he tripped down the stairs on the tail."

Kaidoh blinked. "You fell down the stairs?"

Ryoma nodded, a sour expression on his face.

"That idiot bastard! What the hell did he think he was doing?" Kaidoh turned back to the door and was about to yank it open when a slender hand settled on his arm.

"Now now, Kaidoh," Fuji said tersely, "it's uke bonding time. We're going for a peaceful atmosphere. I'm sure Momo will be set straight by his fellow semes."

"'Set straight'? He deserves to have the shit beaten out of him!"

"Don't worry, Kaidoh." Fuji lowered his voice. "After the incident with Mitsu yesterday he's become very sensitive about such things..." Kaidoh's eyes widened in understanding. He allowed Fuji to lead him back to the large bed that Eiji and Ryoma currently sat on.

"So what do we do now?" Eiji tilted his head cutely.

"May I change?" Ryoma mumbled, staring at the pillow in his lap.

"No Ryo-chan, you have to stay in my kitty outfit!"

"Fuji-sempai!"

"I'm kidding. Here." The tensai stooped next to his suitcase and pulled a pair of flannel pajamas out. "You can wear a pair of my pajamas for now."

"Thank you, Fuji-sempai..." Ryoma quickly tugged off the 'clothing' and dressed in the warm flannel instead. Luckily Fuji wasn't very much bigger than Ryoma. "Fuji-sempai, I'm surprised you have normal pajamas..." Ryoma sat back down.

"Be glad you're hurt, Echizen..." Fuji let the threat trail off and gave him a slight glare.

Eiji bounced on the bed. "What do we do now!" he whined.

"Mm... Kaidoh, perhaps we should explain what's going on tonight?"

Kaidoh shot him a look. "But Fuji-sempai-"

"Not in detail," Fuji said hastily. "Just enough so that it's not a complete surprise."

"Nya, is this what you were talking about earlier, Kaidoh?" Eiji asked.

Fuji tilted his head. "What you were talking about earlier?"

"Ah, Kikumaru-sempai asked me if the beepers were related to us losing our virginity..."

"I see," Fuji said, his expression darkening briefly. "Well, the four of us are going on a trip tonight."

Ryoma raised an eyebrow. "Why?"

"Kaidoh and I are members of a... club. That you two are now eligible to join."

"I don't want to."

"It's not optional. If you don't show up to your first meeting, our President will send his personal army to find you. There's no way around it."

"Better than running laps, ne, Ochibi?" Eiji elbowed Ryoma in the side lightly.

"Ow." Ryoma rubbed his side.

Fuji crawled over to him and pulled up his shirt, revealing a purple bruise on the first year's side. Slender fingers skimmed over the marred flesh.

"What happened?" Eiji asked, wincing at the bruise.

Ryoma looked at Fuji, not wanting to retell the first part of the story. "Only the part up until you left our room, then you're on your own."

"What happened that Kaoru and I needed to be disturbed?" Inui grumbled at Oishi as he came down the stairs.

"We're trying to figure out what to do with Momo..." Taka said from the couch.

Inui noted Tezuka standing in front of Momo, who was on the couch, glaring down at the kouhai. There was a ninety seven percent change that the punishment would be at least twice as severe due to his own actions towards Fuji the previous day.

Tezuka placed his left hand heavily on Momo's shoulder. "Momoshiro," he said calmly.

"Um. Yes, Buchou?"

"...It is not entirely your fault that Echizen fell down the stairs."

"...It's not?"

"No." Tezuka sighed. "It was stupid of you to make him wear the cat suit, but you didn't trip him down the stairs. Therefore I can't punish you as harshly as I'd like to."

Inui blinked, looking at Tezuka in astonishment.

"But, since I've already heard Ryoma's side, why don't you tell us what happened."

"Well...um...where do you want me to start?" The glare he got told him exactly where.

"Well," he looked at his lap, "I took a shower and when I got out and went back to my room all my clothes were gone except for that outfit and then I woke up Ryoma and asked him where my clothes were and he said he didn't know and then we started arguing and then he ran out. And I couldn't find him because he was hiding in your room with you and Fuji-sempai. And then he came out and I was standing right there because I knew he was in there and we went back to our room and then..." Momo trailed off as his face turned bright red.

"Go on," Oishi encouraged.

"I just... lost it. I don't know what came over me. Somehow he ended up in the cat suit and we were walking down the stairs and next thing I know he's falling and... oh God, I'm the worst boyfriend ever!" Momo put his head in his hands. "He must hate me. He must never want to see me again. Not that I blame him."

Oishi sat next to Momo and patted his shoulder comfortingly. Momo sniffled.

"It'll be okay, Momo. I'm sure Echizen doesn't hate you."

"How could he still want to be with me after I was so... crazy? He's probably worried I'm gonna start beating the crap out of him every time he does something wrong!"

Tezuka glared at him.

"...Oh. Sore spot. Sorry, Buchou."

"Twenty laps."

"But you said you couldn't punish me!"

"I said I couldn't punish you as harshly as I'd like to. Twenty laps, now."

Momo dragged himself up off the couch and out the door.

"Well I guess this is over then?" Taka asked, standing up. "I'm going to go call An-chan then." He left.

"So Inui, did you take care of things with Kaidoh?" Oishi asked with a smile.

"Yes, though Kaoru is rather suspicious of me at the moment..."

"Why?" Tezuka and Oishi questioned in tandem.

"Because I was 'really gentle' with him," Inui muttered as he took out his notebook.

"Are you usually not?" Oishi seemed confused.

"Not to the extent I was being..."

"This is my fault then..." Eiji looked at his feet sadly. "I took Momo and Ochibi's clothes..."

"No it's not, Eiji." Fuji tangled his fingers in the red hair and brought their acrobat into a hug. " Momo was being an idiot. He should have believed Echizen."

"But I-I shouldn't have played tricks on them." Eiji frowned. "I'm sorry, Ochibi!"

"It's fine, Kikumaru-sempai," Ryoma mumbled. "It's stupid Momo-sempai's fault."

"Well, you know, Ryoma," Fuji said, "you could try being a little more accommodating."

"What do you mean, accommodating?"

"Well, you and Momo aren't exactly the most... affectionate couple around, are you? For instance, is it really that hard to call Momo by his given name?"

"Nya, I dunno, I still call Oishi 'Oishi' most of the time, and we've been together forever," Eiji said.

"But has Oishi ever asked you to call him Shuichiro?" Fuji asked.

"Nope." Eiji shrugged. "Maybe Fuji's right, Ochibi-chan. Sometimes I feel really bad for Momo because you're so mean to him sometimes."

"Mean?"

"Yes, mean," Fuji cut in. "You still treat him like your best friend instead of your boyfriend, and that's not exactly fair to Momo. He's looking for more than that."

"It's give and take..." Kaidoh said suddenly.

"Kaidoh's right. What do you give Momo?" Fuji asked. Ryoma thought and was horrified when the only thing he could think of was sex. "Am I right in assuming that sex is the only thing?" Ryoma blushed at that. "And what does Momo do for you?"

"Well he's nice, and he does all sorts of embarrassing stuff for me in public, and sex of course..." Ryoma trailed off.

"He acts like a boyfriend, Echizen. That's our point."

"So what should I do?"

"Well, Mitsu likes it when I cook for him, but I know you can't cook too well. I could teach you if you wanted," Fuji suggested.

"Oishi just likes it when I cuddle him." Eiji smiled innocently. Fuji and Eiji looked at Kaidoh expectantly.

"Um... Inui-sempai... Inui-sempai is strange. He always likes different things so I just comply with whatever he hints at for me to do...?" He sounded questioning in his words.

"Aw, Kaidoh, It looks like you need some help too!" Fuji pushed him over to sit next to Ryoma while he and Eiji moved to sit opposite them. "Number one rule as an uke?"

"Always use lube?" Ryoma asked with a tilt of his head.

"No, silly, keep your seme happy. A happy seme means a happy uke. Just like a happy uke means a happy seme. Keep you seme content, but don't let everything be 'give'. Don't wait on them hand and foot. Fortunately this isn't the case for either of you. I think tomorrow both of you should try to do everything you can think of to make Inui and Momo completely happy."

"But Inui-sempai is happy... as far as I know, at least. He would have said something if he wasn't."

"Nya, since it's Inui, maybe that's true..." Eiji said, frowning thoughtfully. "Maybe you could, I dunno, offer to test new Inui Juice flavors for him...?"

Kaidoh and Ryoma gave him horrified looks.

"...Never mind. I dunno, the only things I can think of that Inui likes are making weird juice, collecting data, and having sex. Hm... maybe you could drink Inui Juice and let him collect data on your body's reaction to it while you're having sex?"

Kaidoh blinked.

"That's a stupid idea, Kikumaru-sempai," Ryoma said, cocking an eyebrow.

"Just a suggestion, nya..."

"It's not like he doesn't do that in the first place..." Kaidoh grumbled.

It was Eiji's turn to look horrified as Fuji snorted into his hand. "He would!"

Kaidoh smiled a bit. "He times how long it takes to get his clothes off..."

"That is so weird!" Eiji looked at him in mild astonishment.

Kaidoh nodded and a small smile crept onto his face.

"Wait, he was complaining about you being gentle?" Oishi looked extremely confused.

"Well… not exactly..." Inui scratched the back of his neck. "He was concerned if there was something wrong with me..."

Tezuka pursed his lips. "It's really that rare that you're gentle with him?"

"No! Well-I have been gentle before, of course, though perhaps not as gentle as I was today-"

"How often, would you say?" Oishi asked.

"...Approximately 12.7 percent of the time," Inui said guiltily.

Oishi sighed. "It looks as if Momo isn't the only one who needs some brushing up on the seme rules..."

"Look at him blush! He likes it!" Eiji giggled, collapsing into Fuji's lap. "That's so cute, Kaoru-kun!"

Kaidoh frowned.

"Ah, don't be like that! It's just one of those things, right? Like how Oishi won't kiss me after he gives me head until he brushes his teeth..." Eiji cocked his head to the side when the other three looked at him in surprise. "What?"

"Kikumaru-sempai said 'head'!"

"...So? It's not like you guys have never gotten it!"

"Of course we have, Kikumaru-sempai. It just seemed strange coming out of your mouth..." Kaidoh said bluntly.

"Huh? I don't get it..." Eiji tilted his head with a small frown.

"It's because you're so cute and innocent, Eiji." Fuji nuzzled Eiji's neck affectionately.

"Mou..."Eiji pouted. "I don't wanna be cute! I wanna be sexy like Fujiko!"

"Oh Eiji," Fuji rubbed the acrobat's hair, "Don't be like me, please...?"

"Why?" Had Inui not had on his glasses the captains would have seen him blink in confusion. "Kaoru's not hurt, and I don't make him do things against his will, nor does he ever complain. I don't see anything wrong..."

As soon as he finished he knew it sounded stupid, just by the looks on Tezuka and Oishi's faces.

"I feel the urge to give you laps..." Tezuka said, rubbing his temples.

"Inui," Oishi said patiently, "there's more to relationships than just... what you said. Don't you ever do, say, romantic things for Kaidoh?"

"Is it really normal to do those things often?"

"Not often exactly, but enough that... that he doesn't feel like you're neglecting him."

"...Do you think Kaidoh feels like I neglect him?"

"No, not necessarily..." Oishi sighed. "Tezuka?"

"Nya, why not, Fujiko?"

"Because we all love you just the way you are. Besides, I'm sure Oishi thinks you're sexy, and isn't that all that matters?"

"I guess so. You really think Oishi thinks I'm sexy?"

"...Doesn't he have to?" Ryoma asked, his tone bored as usual. "He gets it up when you have sex, doesn't he?"

"Ochibi-chan!"

"That was so crass..." Fuji deadpanned.

Ryoma returned the flat look. "I'm hungry..." Kaidoh and Fuji shook their heads in disbelief while Eiji busted into giggles.

"No wonder the idiot is always so frustrated with you..."

"Probably not, after all you said it yourself. You're his first everything. He doesn't know any different." Tezuka leaned forward. "What if someone else were to come along and show him just how good a relationship could be for him? If you think about it, you're being very much like Echizen."

Had Inui been drinking something he would have choked, was he really as bad as Echizen? "Am I really that bad? I don't blatantly ignore his emotional needs, and I always take his side..." Inui argued in his defense.

"Inui, the first rule of being a seme is keep your uke happy. A happy uke means a happy seme." Oishi smiled brightly.

"Mitsu, will you come here for a minute?" Fuji called down the stairs. Tezuka nodded at the other semes and the trio trailed up the stairs.

"Yes, Syusuke?"

"Mitsu, I would like you to order us pizza." Fuji smiled. "It isn't fair to make Taka-san cook for us the entire time. Oishi, I would like you to explain to Eiji that you think he is sexy. And Inui, for my sanity's sake take Kaidoh and work out your problems please!" Fuji shoved the second year at Inui with an exasperated expression.

Tezuka rolled his eyes, leave it to Fuji to give relationship advice when his relationship wasn't sound. Oishi blushed and gently brought Eiji into his arms.

"Eiji, it doesn't matter if I think you're sexy or not. If you are comfortable with yourself then I can ask for nothing more," Oishi whispered just loud enough for the acrobat to hear.

"So you don't think I'm sexy..."

"No Eiji, you're breathtaking." Oishi kissed his uke sweetly before releasing him back to Fuji.

Fuji looked at the Emerald Pair. "Return him in an hour's time."

Inui sighed and led Kaidoh out the door and down the hall to their bedroom.

"Inui-sempai? What problems was Fuji-sempai talking about?" Kaidoh asked, sitting on their bed cross-legged.

"Apparently I am not a fulfilling seme," Inui said quietly.

Kaidoh narrowed his eyes in confusion. "I... I think you're a good seme, Inui-sempai."

"You think so because you've never been with anyone else. I... could have been doing a much better job than I have been. We don't do many things together outside of tennis and sex. And I'm frankly terrified that if someone were to come along who offered you more than that, I would lose you."

Kaidoh sighed. "Inui-sempai, I'm with you because I love you. Nothing, no one, will ever change that."

"Relationships are built on more than just love, Kaoru. Momoshiro and Echizen love each other, and where has that gotten them?"

"That's true, but-"

"Kaoru, please. I want to be a better boyfriend. I'm going to try."

"I... I guess if you're really determined, Inui-sempai..."

Eiji sat back on Fuji's bed, watching Oishi leave with a shy grin.

"Did ya hear that, Fujiko?" Eiji asked eagerly. "Oishi said I'm breathtaking! Isn't that even better than sexy?"

"Of course it is, Eiji. Wouldn't you say, Echizen?"

Ryoma blinked. "Yeah, sure." He missed Kaidoh-they were kindred spirits, both forced into this "uke bonding" idiocy by their overenthusiastic teammates.

"So what are you going to do about Momo?" Fuji asked.

"I really don't feel as though I have to do anything." Ryoma rolled over onto his stomach.

"I am, Kaoru." Inui was sitting behind his dark haired kouhai.

"I have one request." Kaidoh got a Fuji-like spark in his eye. "Don't follow the rest of the semes' examples. I don't like drama and neither do you."

Inui smiled, pulling the viper back against his chest. "That, I do not." He tugged off Kaidoh's bandana and ran his hands through the snaky black locks. Kaidoh hissed in contentment. Hesitantly he pushed his head towards the caressing hand. Inui smiled. "What do you want out of our relationship, Kaoru?"

"Inui-sempai, I really don't see why this is necessary. Everything I can think to want from a relationship, I have."

"But Kaoru, there must be something..." Inui was becoming a bit exasperated.

"Inui-sempai," Kaidoh kissed him to quiet him, "I don't need to be coddled and constantly reassured..."

"Yes you do, Ochibi," Eiji insisted. "You're a really crappy boyfriend. I mean, half of being in love is wanting the other person to be happy, right?" The acrobat looked to Fuji. "Right, Fujiko?"

"That's right, Eiji. I try very hard to make Kunimitsu happy because I love it when he's happy. And Kunimitsu likes when I'm happy as well. That's what makes a relationship work, hence the first rule of being an uke. You do what you can to make each other happy. Don't you care if Momo's happy or not?"

"Well, yeah, but-"

"Then you should try a little harder to be nice to him. I'm sure if you were nicer to him, then he'd be nicer to you. It's almost pathetically simplistic, but I guess that's why so many people have a hard time of it. Now-what does Momo like?"

Ryoma thought. Momo liked burgers, and tennis, and karaoke... but he couldn't do any of those things here. Sex was really the only thing he could think of to do, which was probably a bad thing.

He blinked, flashing back to the night before, and said, "I still haven't said 'I love you' to him."

Fuji raised an eyebrow. "You've had sex with him, but you haven't told him you love him?"

"Forty minutes." Oishi tossed the phone onto the end of the couch near the captain's feet.

"Aa..." Tezuka was laying on his back on the sectional with his knees bent and arms under his head.

Oishi sat down at his head, an amicable smile on his face. "Are you alright?"

"Yes, I'm just a bit worried about what will happen with all of them up there in a room together for so long."

"I wouldn't worry too much, Tezuka; after all, Fuji and Eiji have been tame." Oishi smiled. He noticed a smudge on Tezuka's glasses and removed them without a second thought. He rubbed the light cotton of his shirt over them gently before stopping. He blushed. "Uh-um... I'm sorry, Tezuka..." he stuttered over his words.

Tezuka shook his head and plucked the thin wire frames from his second's hand. "Don't worry about it, Oishi." He twisted himself a bit, propping himself up on the back of the couch and an elbow. With his other hand he reached up and took Oishi's chin in his hand. He kissed him.

"And you two call me a bad seme!"

Oishi jumped. "Momo."

"I can't believe you guys!" Momo closed the door behind him, looking in disbelief at his captains. "Weren't Fuji-sempai and Eiji-sempai just getting in trouble for this yesterday?"

"This isn't the same thing," Tezuka said.

"How is it different?"

"Fuji and Kikumaru wanted to do more than just innocent kissing," the captain explained. "Is it objectionable for two close friends to kiss?"

Momo narrowed his eyes. "That's some thin ice you're walking on. But whatever. I need to talk to Echizen."

"He's with Fuji and Eiji," Oishi said. "In Fuji's room."

"...That sounds dangerous."

"Possibly. But Fuji's in a certain mood, so you might be able to steal Echizen for a while. He gave Inui an hour with Kaidoh."

"Right, thanks." Momo turned and jogged up the stairs.

"I should be doing those things, though..."

"Inui-sempai, this is stupid. I just told you, what, an hour or so ago? That you didn't have to change yourself or any of the things you do for me, that I liked you the way you were."

"But-"

"How long did it take you to earn my trust, Inui-sempai?"

"Um well... the better part of three years..."

"Outside of the Regulars, how long do you think it would take for someone to do that?" Kaidoh looked a bit irritated.

"A minimum of 4.53 years, but Kao-"

"Then if you ever see anyone who is interested in me you have 4.53 years to get rid of them." Kaidoh made his point quite effectively.

Inui couldn't say anything to that; his data wouldn't lie to him. He pouted at the smaller form resting quietly against his chest.

"Stop it, Sempai..." Kaidoh said without looking up, knowing the look his seme was giving him.

Inui smiled, thinking I have trained you well, Kaoru...

Kaidoh looked up. "So what now?" He looked at the clock. "We have a little over half an hour left..."

Inui looked in astonishment at the clock. Time sure did fly when you were being sappy.

The trio of ukes looked up as someone knocked on the door. "Fuji-sempai?" they heard Momo ask uncertainly. "Can I come in?"

"Sure, Momo." Fuji smiled pleasantly as his kouhai opened the door, peeking in hesitantly. "Is there something we can help you with?"

"Um... I was wondering if I could talk to Ryoma for a while..."

Fuji pursed his lips. "I suppose. You have ten minutes. I expect him back no later than that."

"But Oishi-sempai said you gave Inui-sempai and the Mamushi an hour!"

"Would you like me to shorten it to five?"

"No! No, I'm sorry. Ten's fine. Um, Ryoma?"

Ryoma slid off the bed and followed Momo out of the room silently, his head bowed, hiding his eyes.

Momo didn't waste time moving into their room and instead maneuvered Ryoma to the corner. "Look, Ryoma, I'm really sorry, and...Hey, why aren't you looking at me?" Momo stopped to tilt Ryoma's head up.

"I'm sorry, Takeshi..."

"No, no, no, you don't have to call me 'Takeshi' if you don't want to, Ryo-chan... And I'll understand perfectly if you don't want to date me anymore and if you want to cut this off right now, just say the word..." Momo paused to take a breath. Ryoma threw his arms around the taller boy's trim waist, burying his face in his chest and nuzzling. Momo wrapped his arms around the smaller figure pressed against him and smiled.

Golden orbs flicked up to lock with purple. "I love you, Takeshi..."

Momo's eyes widened in surprise. "W-what?"

"I love you," Ryoma repeated, his cheeks reddening. "I-I'm sorry I haven't said it before. I should've. We could've avoided all this stupid drama..."

"It's okay. You're saying it now." Momo leaned down and gently pressed his lips against Ryoma's. "I love you too."

A/N: Aww.