Pajama Party
by Emi Tsuruta

My friend Asuna had invited our friend Satomi and me to come stay over at her condo for a pajama party.  I forget exactly how this whole idea came up.  I guess we were out with Takuya and Hiro, these two boys who live in Satomi's dorm, and Asuna was talking about having us over, and either Takuya or I suggested we make it into a pajama party.  I was half seriously thinking of inviting the boys too, but anyway, I knew that Satomi would never go for that, so we ended up just making it a girl thing.  I was kind of looking forward to it though.  I guess I hadn't really done anything like that since high school.  I see quite a bit of Satomi because she lives right near my work, but a lot of the time she's pretty quiet, so I thought this would be a chance to really talk. 

That day, I worked at the campus fitness center until four, but Satomi wasn't off till six.  There's this gymnastics class that I sometimes join. It starts at 2:30, so usually I'm wokring, but I know the instructor Stephanie, and she lets me come in just for the tail end.  I went into the locker room, and changed into a soft white t-shirt and navy 'bloomers' (high cut racing briefs).  On my way back out, I passed Gavin my co-worker who'd taken over for me at the desk.  He is a bit of a jock, but friendly enough to me.  He gave out a wolf whistle when he saw my outfit. 

"Nice shorts!" he gushed, his eyes gleaming.  I looked down.  They were one of the pairs I brought with me from Japan that I used to wear in high school.  They'd kind of slid up, getting caught in the crack of my bottom, and exposing a fair bit of my butt.  I gave my tail feather a little wiggle just to tease him.  "Where are you going all suited up like that?" he grinned. 

"Gymnastics," I blushed, trying to pull the material down so they didn't look so indecent.  When I got to class, there were all the regulars there, and Stephanie was explaining how to do cartwheels.  I'd been working on them but without much luck.  I was getting pretty good at somersaults and handstands and stuff like that. 

After class, I headed back to the locker room to have a shower.  Gavin was talking to a member, but he smiled at me, as I walked past. 

I found my locker, and got undressed.  I don't know why, but I used to be so shy about walking around naked here in the States when there were other women around, but I was getting more used to it.  I walked over to the showers, set my towel and bag down on this little bench in this big open stall, and went across to shower in one of the smaller stalls. 

This woman came in, maybe in her mid-twenties, and starting running the water in the big stall where my clothes were.  We were both stark naked, so I was a bit nervous, but I finally got up my nerve, and went over to rescue my stuff, so it wouldn't get wet.  She kind of laughed, and apologized, and explained how running the water in the big stall seemed to make the other showers warmer too.  We started talking about how cold the showers were. She was so natural and friendly I didn't feel self-conscious at all, even though we were both naked. 

She went into one of the stalls, and I went back to my own shower.  I could hear voices coming from the pool, so I asked her if there was a class going on. 

"I guess," she shrugged smiling.  She turned back toward her shower, but my curiosity was getting the better of me.  I tiptoed over to the door to the pool, and peeked out around the corner.  I could see people swimming lengths, but I couldn't really tell which class it was.  I glanced back at the woman, but she wasn't looking, so I got up my nerve, and stepped out into the doorway to get a better look at the pool.  The swimming instructor, an American woman, caught sight of me, and she looked pretty shocked to see me standing here naked.  I quickly bowed an apology, and scurried back to my shower.  I don't know why I do these things, but it is kind of fun to run around at school naked. 

Anyway, I had to go meet Satomi, so I quickly toweled off, and got back dressed.  It's just a short walk to Satomi's dorm.  She was back from class, and quickly got ready, and the two of us headed down to Asuna's condo.  Asuna lives a bit closer to the beach than the rest of us, and I kind of like the whole atmosphere around there.  Even on the street, everyone seems to be walking around in shorts or swimsuits, and they all seem in such a holiday mood. 

Asuna's condo unit is on the main floor, so we just walked up, and knocked on her patio door.  Her two roommates, Sandra, an American, and Maria, a Mexican, had gone out, so it was just the three of us.  We cooked up some Japanese noodles for supper, and then sat around in the living room watching TV and chatting. 

Satomi told us how she was still hanging out with Hiro, the boy from her dorm, but nothing had really happened between them.  He was kind of young I guess, but it was nice to see her seeing someone for a change.  Asuna had her eye on one of the guys in the Japanese Student Union, whom I didn't really know that well.  They asked how things were going between me and my boyfriend Ryosuke, but I didn't really have that much to report.  We'd both been so busy lately with work and stuff.  I'd barely seen him all summer. 

Eventually, Maria came home.  She went off to her room, but Asuna turned the TV down, and told us to talk quieter so as not to disturb Maria.  I'd kind of been hoping that Maria would come out, and join us, but I guess she and Asuna aren't that close.  It was getting later, so we all got changed into our nightwear.  I pulled on a short nightie and matching bikini panties with side ties, while Asuna was in a longer nightgown, and Satomi in boy style p.j.'s. 

The three of us stretched out on their sofa and carpet.  I wanted to hear more about Asuna's new heartthrob, but she seemed kind of shy to talk about him, and kept asking about me.  I started telling them about gymnastics class, and got up to show them some of the things I was learning. 

Asuna's living room is kind of small, so it was hard to do somersaults, so I went over to the mirrored wall in the dining room, and tried to show them a handstand.  I'm not really that strong, but Asuna got up, and helped me, and I finally managed to do one.  My nightie ended up falling down, and I started laughing because if anyone walked by outside, they'd see my bare breasts.  Asuna looked out the window, nervous, but it looked like no one was there.  I got back down, and told Asuna to try one next. 

Asuna was all giggly and embarrassed, but I finally got her to put her hands down, and lifted her up.  Her long nightgown started falling down exposing her legs, and she started giggling so hard she fell, and ended up upside down in a heap on the floor.  She looked so silly even Satomi was laughing.  I turned to Satomi, and told her to try next.  She really didn't want to do it, but we finally managed to convince her, and up she went. Her p.j.  top fell open, but she was wearing a bra. 

Asuna, angry at us for laughing at her, started tickling Satomi.  Just because I thought it would be funny, I grabbed the waistband of Satomi's p.j.  bottoms, and started pulling them off.  She let her arms go, and started to fall, but I held her there for a moment, examining her neatly trimmed black pubic hair.  I hadn't noticed this before, but her hair curves out to the sides kind of like a palm tree.  I wonder if mine does too! 

Asuna thought this was tremendously funny, but Satomi twisted her body free, and collapsed onto the floor, her bottoms down around her knees.  Her cute little bare behind was perched up in the air, and you could see it in double with its reflection in the floor-to-ceiling mirror on the dining room wall.  She quickly pulled up her bottoms, blushing like crazy, but once she was decent, she got up, and charged at me all angry now. 

"What did you do that for?  How would you like it if we did that to you?" 

"Hey, hey!  Relax.  It's not like anyone saw you or anything." 

"I can't believe you did that.  I feel so..." She was so upset she couldn't even finish her sentence. 

"Humiliated?" I suggested.  "Anyway, relax.  If it'll make you feel any better, you can do the same thing to me." 

Satomi glared at me defiantly, but then finally sat down on the sofa, and turned away sulking.  I went back over to the mirror wall, and bent down getting ready to do another handstand. 

"Asuna, can you spot me?" I asked.  She hesitantly got up, and came over, but she kept looking out the window to see if anyone was out there. 

"Emi?  I don't know if you should...," she whispered meekly.  I swung my legs up, and she caught them, but she was too nervous to pull down my panties. 

"Just pull on the bow," I told her nodding towards my side ties.  She shook her head no, so I finally nodded for her to let go, and flipped back down onto my feet.  I was so charged up by then I felt confident that I could do the handstands on my own.  I looked outside scanning the parking lot for signs of life.  For all my bravado, I still was bit worried that someone might see. 

Only when I was quite sure that there was no one there, did I reach down, and undo the bows, pulling my panties off.  Asuna and Satomi looked at me, with open mouths, shocked by my daring.  My pubic hair was sticking up, so I tried to smooth it down.  Quickly, before I lost my nerve, I planted my hands on the carpet, and flipped up and over steadying myself with my bare feet high up on the mirror wall.  My nightie fell way down, getting caught on my chin, leaving my breasts and pussy exposed.  I felt so horribly naughty. 

I shook the nightie, till it came loose, and tumbled down around my wrists.  The necklace with the locket Ryosuke gave me was hanging around my neck, but other than that I was completely naked.  I felt so exhilarated, on cloud nine.  I flipped back down onto my feet, leaving my nightie lying there on the carpet, so excited to be naked at last. 

"Emi!  Emi!" Asuna called out all frantic.  "You'd better get dressed. I think there's someone out there." 

I tilted my head peering out the window, but I couldn't see anyone. 

"Here, I just want to try one more thing," I told them dashing over toward the door.  I did a quick hop and step, and tried to go into a cartwheel, but there wasn't enough room, and I skidded, stopping myself before I ran into the window. 

"Emi!  Cut it out!  Just get back dressed, will you?" Asuna warned. 

"Sorry," I apologized.  I looked out the window at the grass outside wondering if I could do a cartwheel out there, but Asuna picked up my nightie, and insisted I take it.  Just then though, we heard a key in the door.  Taking the nightie from her, I dashed around behind the wall of the kitchen, and hastily pulled the nightie on over my head.  It turned out to be Asuna's other roommate, Sandra, and her boyfriend Craig coming back from a night out on the town.  I glanced around for my panties, but they were sitting over on the coffee table in plain view.  I pulled down the hem of my nightie to cover my pussy, and did my best to hide behind Asuna. 

"What are you guys doing?" Sandra asked. 

"We're having a pajama party," Asuna explained.  "Remember?  I told you." 

Craig peered over at me, and smiled.  I blushed, even more so once I realized he could see my bare backside in the mirror.  I spread out my fingers trying to cover up, but he looked thrilled.  Unsure what else to do, I just stood there praying that Sandra wouldn't notice.  Satomi figured out what was going on, and came over to stand in the way, and block Craig's view.  Eventually, Sandra said goodnight, and dragged Craig off to her room. Satomi glared at me, still upset. 

"See what happens when you fool around like that," she scolded.  I smiled wanly, but my hello kitty was on fire.  Not that I wanted Craig exactly, but he was quite handsome.  This wasn't the first time he'd caught me naked either.  We had quite a history. 

Anyway, I finally went over, got my panties, and pulled them on.  It was getting pretty late by then, so Asuna went, and laid out a futon on the floor of her room.  Neither Satomi nor Asuna wanted to sleep in the living room, so I agreed to take the sofa.  Asuna brought out some sheets, and helped me get set up. 

"No more funny business, you hear," Asuna warned.  I smiled, but she seemed quite cross, so I nodded that I'd be good.  We all brushed our teeth, and soon the whole apartment was dark and quiet.  After all the excitement though, I couldn't sleep.  I got up, and went to the patio door looking out at the trees and parked cars in the courtyard outside.  It was such a nice place, so calm and peaceful.  My own house with my host mom Loretta was nice too of course, but it was kind of fun staying away from home.  Everyone needs a change of scenery now and then. 

I went back to the sofa, lay down, and pulled the blanket around me. The ties on my panties felt loose, so I reached down, and tried to fix them. I undid one side, and tried to do it back up in a slipknot.  No, that's not it.  How does it go again?  No, that's not right either.  I finally took my panties right off, and held them up, so I could see what I was doing.  I tried a few more different ways, but I was starting to feel sleepy.  Without really thinking about where I was, I set my panties down on the coffee table, and drifted off to sleep. 

Then in the middle of the night, I awoke with this strange feeling that someone was watching me.  I opened my eyes a crack, and sure enough there was Craig standing at the foot of the sofa.  At first, I couldn't figure out what he was doing, but slowly I realized he must be staring up the covers at my crotch.  I glanced over at the table, only to realize in horror that I'd taken off my panties!  I quickly pulled my legs together, trying to hide my pussy.  I reached my hand down, only to realize that both my nightie and my sheet were up around my waist.  I'd been lying here for who knows how long, legs spread, flashing Craig my pussy.  It was hard to see his face in the dim light, but he seemed pretty excited. 

My face was getting all flushed, and I could feel this warm dampness building between my legs.  I shouldn't let him look.  Still pretending to be asleep, I lowered my legs down flat.  Craig narrowed his eyes, and looked up at my face, annoyed I guess that I was blocking his view.  My heart was pounding so hard in my chest.  Could he tell I was awake?  I closed my eyes, and waited.  Eventually, I heard him head off to the kitchen. 

I quickly reached down, and tried to push the sheet further down my thighs, but before I could, he came back carrying a mug of some drink.  He took up his spot at the foot of the couch, and craned his neck back and forth trying to see my pussy.  I was so petrified I could hardly breathe. Now what do I do?  Is he planning to stay there all night? 

Unfortunately, I was starting to feel a bit restless.  I knew I had better stay still, but I was getting tired of lying in the same position. Finally, I rolled over on to my side.  I could still vaguely see Craig out of the corner of my eye.  He looked unhappy.  Phew!  That was lucky.  The covers must be low enough to block his view.  But now I was starting to feel hot.  It was the middle of summer, after all.  I held that position for as long as I could, but soon I had to move again.  I rolled again, turning face down.  Luckily, I could still feel the sheet on my hiney. Phew!  That was close. 

Yet, just when I thought I was safe, I suddenly felt the sheet lift up, and pull away.  Craig, the little devil, was pulling the sheet right off me to get a better look at my bare behind.  The hem of my nightie was way up above my waist leaving my precious backside exposed. 

I turned my head, peering through my bangs back at Craig.  Our eyes met, but for some reason, he didn't seem to realize I was awake.  I could see his eyes reflecting the light from the window, but I guess he couldn't see mine in the dark.  He leered down at my bare bottom, obviously quite excited.  I was pretty worked up myself.  He glanced back at my face, and I quickly closed my eyes, not wanting him to know I was awake.  Maybe I should have said something, but I couldn't get up the nerve.  Who knows what he might do if he finds out I'm awake. 

It was bad enough that he was standing right over me staring down at my bare bottom, but when I opened my eyes again, he'd taken a hold of my nightie, and was tugging it further and further up my bare back.  Oh my god! What's he doing?  Trying to strip me naked?  What should I do?  I can't just lie here! 

Before I could do anything though, I heard footsteps coming this way. Ohmigod!  Someone's coming.  Panicking, I grabbed my nightie, and pushed it down as far as it would go, grabbing for the sheet.  For a split second, Craig stared at me, shocked to find me awake, but not wanting to get in trouble himself, he quickly dashed off to the kitchen to hide.  I pulled the sheet up over my mouth, and watched through narrowed eyes as Sandra came out into the living room.  She paused to look down at me, and my heart almost skipped a beat.  I'd covered up my pussy, but my panties were right there on the table in plain sight!  By some stroke of luck, she didn't notice them.  Soon, she disappeared off into the kitchen to talk to Craig. 

My heart was beating away like a jackhammer.  This was all too close for comfort.  Sandra seemed easygoing enough, but the way she looked at me made me suspect she didn't like me much.  Maybe she thought I was trying to steal her man.  I had a boyfriend of my own - Ryosuke - but I don't think they'd met at that point. 

I could hear Craig and Sandra whispering in the kitchen.  I cautiously reached over, and took back my panties, but before I could put them on, Sandra and Craig came back out, and headed off for the bedroom.  I felt so relieved that they were gone, but I couldn't help feeling violated.  Craig had a lot of nerve spying on me while I was sleeping. 

The next morning, the atmosphere was so weird.  Asuna and Satomi were still a bit upset with me for my antics of the night before, and Craig kept grinning.  I was starting to regret the whole thing.  I really am going to have to be more careful. 

