The death of a woman belonging to Morse's choir is about to put the relationship of Morse and Lewis to the test. Can it survive or will their love be destroyed? Lewis is faced with a conflict of interests when he's assigned to Chief Inspector Bottomley to investigate the death and Morse's possible involvement in it. He's determined to get them both through it, but a long and hard battle awaits the lovers.

Investigation of the murder of Beryl Newsome 

The opera house, Lewis has reported back to Bottomley about the interviews he conducted with the choir members and now has to face some uncomfortable questions about Morse

"Look, Lewis, what's his um... sort of sex life been all these years? Any idea?" The Chief Inspector asks. Lewis tries to keep a straight face. He tries so hard not to let anything on that he's standing very stiffly, adding to his discomfort with the situation.

'All those years,' he thinks, 'that doesn't include the last month or so, does it?' He never discussed what was before their relationship with Morse so he can answer the question pretty honestly. "No, Sir. Not really. Not much, I don't think."

"No. And people do sometimes, suddenly, if they're disappointed or humiliated perhaps..." Bottomley pauses, hoping for some reaction from Lewis, but the Sergeant just stares as blankly at the Inspector as possible.

"He drinks a lot, doesn't he?" Bottomley goes on.

"Not when he's driving, Sir." Again true, if not the whole truth maybe.

"Look, I know Morse doesn't altogether care for me."

"He doesn't care much for anybody, Sir." Lewis is desperately trying to hide the fact that there is one person Morse cares about - himself.

"No, but he'll do his damnedest to solve the case himself, won't he?"

"I wouldn't put it past him."

Bottomley seems to realise Lewis is more wary of him than of Morse, for he changes tack, trying to lure Lewis onto his side. "He didn't do it, I'm sure of that."

'Like hell you do,' Lewis thinks.

"So I've let him go. But I want you to keep an eye on him. This is a murder inquiry, Lewis, and not even your Chief Inspector can be above suspicion."

Lewis nearly flinches when Bottomley calls Morse his Chief Inspector. Surely he can't know... no. No way. "What am I to tell him, Sir?"

"Anything you like. Given your relationship, I expect you'll tell him the truth, won't you?"

Bottomley is right about that, of course. Lewis is relieved to get away from the questioning and back to Morse's side, even though Strange had to suspend the Chief Inspector. He knows it won't stop Morse so he thinks he'd better be there to make any inquiries legal. Morse seems equally relieved when Lewis returns to his side, though he's not happy about Lewis being there to play babysitter for him. 

In Morse's Jaguar on the way to visit Desmond McNutt in Reading

"I suppose you haven't said a word to Bottomley? About us, I mean," Morse says after a while.

"No. I didn't tell him much in the first place, which I don't think he liked. But he let it pass."

"Robbie, you have to promise me this: Under no circumstances must you tell anyone about our private relationship. No matter what happens, do you hear me?"

Lewis looks at him, concern written all over his face. "You think this might turn bad?"

"I'm not sure. But I do have a bad feeling about this. Not a word, all right? For your own sake."

"My sake? What about you?"

"I need you to be involved in this investigation, legally. If I can't do much, you must. And as long as no one knows about us, they won't question your actions."

Lewis nods though he's anything but happy. "You must have a very bad feeling about this."

"I do," Morse sighs. "Unfortunately, I do."

Lewis takes a deep breath. "Right, then. Not a word from me."

Lewis gets tempted to break his promise to Morse, so very tempted; when Morse is arrested, when he needs to go through Morse's house with Bottomley, pretending not to know it inside out, each time he sees Morse's sad face in the holding cell at the station in front of his inner eye. It really costs him a lot not to let anything on when all he wants to do is take Morse into his arms and hold him tight.

As if the situation wasn't looking bad enough already, allegations against Morse come up from his personnel file, allegations of assault, the mishandling of a former girlfriend. Lewis cannot believe it, doesn't want to believe it, but it's there, black on white. He's totally confused, unwilling to believe that Morse might not be the man he thinks he is. He is incredibly relieved when he gets a chance to speak to Morse about it, hears that it's all wrong, one look into Morse's eyes is enough for him to know Morse isn't lying to him. But it's so difficult to be alone with Morse in the cell and yet be unable to reach out to his lover.

Lewis struggles through it all, manages to find evidence for Morse's innocence and the moment he arrives at the holding cells with Bottomley to release Morse feels like one of the happiest moments of his life.

The cell Morse has been held in, Bottomley and Lewis are standing in the door while Morse gets fully dressed

"So... what are you going to do now?" Bottomley asks.

"I'm going down the pub," Morse declares. "I'm going to show my gratitude to Lewis in the time-honoured way, just as soon as they're open.

Lewis beams at him over Bottomley's shoulder. "Open all day now, Sir."

Morse raises his eyebrows and nods appreciatively as he steps out and turns in the direction of the exit.

"You just got to sign the form, Sir," Lewis says and holds out a clipboard to Morse.

"Yes, of course," Morse says and signs.

Lewis drops it off with the duty sergeant and they head for the nearest pub. Morse is very silent while they walk, so Lewis speaks up first.

"I missed you," he quietly says. "I couldn't sleep, I was so worried."

Morse looks at him, his smile betraying his own relief at being free again. "Worried that the walls might be closing in on me or that the duty sergeant might decide to rough me up a little? No one likes corrupt policemen, Lewis."

Lewis rolls his eyes at him. "Nah, nothing like that. Just, you know, if we'd be able to prove them wrong."

Morse looks down, then straight ahead. "Thank you, Lewis. Thank you for believing in me when no one else did."

Lewis doesn't know how to answer to that, so he just looks at Morse, and when the older man turns his head in his direction, their eyes meet for a short moment. But it's long enough to express the thoughts and feelings they can't voice.

At the pub, it really is Morse who buys Lewis a drink. The pub is practically empty at this time of day, but still they are careful. They sit side by side on a bench, close, but not quite touching. Just close enough to be sure of the other one's presence without having to look.

"It's quite interesting, being the hunted for once, instead of the hunter. You should try it. Gives you insight into the criminal mind," Morse muses after a while.

"You have a look in there and make sure he's not going to kill you." It's the safest way of saying 'I don't want to lose you' Lewis can come up with.

"I don't think so," Morse replies solemnly. "I don't think I've suffered enough yet."

"Well, he's had you locked up."

"That was inconvenience, not suffering. Good hard beds in those cells, by the way. You should try it. Good for the spine."

Lewis flashes a quick grin, but it doesn't last. They're not out of danger yet and, as relieved as he is about Morse's release, he's still worried.

Morse picks up his discarded pint and drinks. "As this is good for the brain. So drink up, Lewis. You've had a couple of good ideas today, but we'll need more from you tomorrow.

When Lewis gets a call from the police headquarters the next morning, informing him of a fire at Morse's place, he verbally rips off the poor colleague's head for not calling him sooner. He races over to Morse's house, full of worry, only to be kept from rushing directly to Morse by all the people milling about, the Chief Super among them. At least Morse is all right, Strange tells him, and Lewis is sure of it when all Morse can do is complain about the loss of his vinyls and the bad recording used for the trap that caused the fire. Lewis cannot help but laugh, he's so relieved to see Morse well and alive. He'd hug and kiss him right there and then, in the middle of the scorched room, but Dearden is there so Lewis once again needs to hold back.

But at last, the case is officially assigned to Morse and the detectives manage to track down De Vries.

In Lewis's car outside De Vries's house

"Is that him?" Lewis asks when a man emerges from the front door.

"That's him."

"Seems we're just here in time," Lewis remarks as De Vries is loading suitcases into the trunk of his car.

"Where's she?" Morse asks, looking for Mrs. Brooke.

"Gone to the bank, like I said?"

"I hope so. Is she in it with him or not? That's the question."

"Must be, surely."

"Not if she's dead."

De Vries brings out more suitcases. "Here he is again."

They watch him for a moment. "Why do you want her to be innocent, Sir?" Lewis can't help himself, he needs to know if Morse has any personal interest in the woman. The two seemed to be getting on rather well earlier on.

"I'm old-fashioned," is Morse's reply, which Lewis takes as a no to his real question. It's a relief. He's not really in any position to be jealous, with Morse being his fling on the side of his marriage, but still...

"All right," Morse shakes him from his thoughts. "You stay here. If I'm not back in five minutes..."

Lewis looks at him in alarm. "Oh, no, no, no. None of that! I'm coming with you."

Morse stares ahead, a grim expression on his face. "It's me he wants. It's me he's going to get. Or rather, it's me that's gonna get him. Call Bottomley if anything looks wrong." He opens the door to leave.

"Shouldn't that be 'I who am gonna get him', Sir?" Anything to make Morse look at him, not to leave just like that. And Morse does indeed turn and look at him, sees the concern in Lewis's eyes as Lewis sees the determination in Morse's.

Morse finally leaves. "Block the drive," he tells Lewis who does his best to focus on the job, not on his worry for his lover.

Five minutes come and go and Lewis cannot sit still any longer. He blocks the drive and informs Bottomley over the radio, then walks up to the house, keeping an eye on the windows but he can't make out anything with the curtains closed. He rings the doorbell and calls for Morse but nothing happens until, suddenly, a shot is fired and Lewis freezes for a second before he takes up his ringing again, calling louder. "Sir?" Nothing. "Are you all right, Sir?" He bangs on the door, rings the bell again, anything to get a reaction from inside. "Can you hear me, Sir? Sir? Sir!" He's growing desperate, doesn't even think about his own safety, that De Vries might come to the door, armed. The only thing he can think of is Morse. "Sir? Can you come to the door, Sir?"

Finally, Morse opens the door, looking terrified but unharmed.

"I thought I heard..." Lewis starts, looking past Morse, finally remembering that there could be a madman with a weapon behind him.

"He's shot himself!" Morse stares at him, shock written all over his face, then heads back towards the next room.

Lewis follows behind. "Oh, God!"

But Morse stops just inside the door and stares at the empty room. "He was there. He was lying there!" The curtains in front of the terrace door are swaying gently in the wind and realisation dawns upon Morse. "Oh, my God. That whole thing, the whole ..." Morse's voice trails off.

"What?" Lewis asks, bewildered, when Morse heads to the front window just in time to see De Vries drive off in Lewis's car. The Chief Inspector leans against the window sill, exhausted and exasperated. "You bloody fool. You left your keys in the ignition! God almighty."

Lewis is contrite, looks around the room.

"He fooled me again," Morse says with a big sigh.

"He won't get far. Not in my car. Bottomley must be here any minute. I was talking to him over the radio before I came up to the house."

Bottomley does indeed arrive not long afterwards and, after a quick briefing by Lewis, puts out an APB on Lewis's car. Lewis and Morse stay behind, though, waiting for a patrol car to pick them up. It's their first chance to talk.

"I thought I'd lost you," Lewis says while he studies all the pictures of Morse on the wall. "When I heard that shot, my heart nearly stopped."

"So did mine," Morse mutters so gravely that Lewis turns to him. "I thought he was going to shoot me, and possibly go after you next. I'm not sure which thought was more terrifying."

Morse seems to be on the verge of losing his balance so Lewis quickly walks up to him and pulls him into his arms. The older man clings to him as if his life depended on it and Lewis just holds him and murmurs into his ear until Morse straightens and gently pulls away. "Thank you, I... I really needed that."

"To be honest, I've been needing that for the last couple of days already. Only I never got the chance. We were never alone."

A car pulls up outside and Lewis goes to the window to see who it is. It's the patrol car that has been sent for them. "Time to go," he says and offers Morse an encouraging smile.

The same evening at their favourite pub

"Can you stay at your house at all?" Lewis asks over the rim of his alcohol-free lager.

"Yes, thankfully it's only the living room that's been truly affected. The whole place stinks, but I should be all right to stay there."

"Won't it be... I don't know, a bit scary? I'd probably be having nightmares."

Morse looks at him, amused. "You? The man who doesn't get bad dreams even after seeing the most dreadful of corpses?"

"They're not personal, but if it was me home..."

Morse nods, understanding. "I don't have a choice, do I? And isn't it what everyone suggests in such situations? Returning to normality as quickly as possible?"

"I suppose so. Is there a lot of damage? I mean, it looks bad, but, is the structure OK?"

"Thankfully it is. I'll need to have the whole living room renovated, though, and at least the hall needs painting, too, maybe the kitchen as well."

"So you'll be living with a different stench soon, fresh paint. Can't be much better than the remains of the smoke."

Morse looks at him questioningly. "Lewis, is there anything you're trying to tell me with all this?"

Lewis grins at him. "I was just thinking, a hotel room might offer welcome privacy. Thought you might be glad to get some after all of this."

Slowly, Morse is catching up with his Sergeant. "And I suppose you're drawing a fine line between privacy and solitude?"

"Oh, very different things, those two," Lewis says, grinning a little wider.

Morse leans back and smiles at him in return. "You know, Lewis, sometimes you have brilliant ideas..."

If this case has done anything for them, it brought them even closer together, proved their trust in each other, their love. De Vries couldn't kill their love, he made it stronger.