


Fucking sexy saali
Posted on June 12, 2007 10:00 PM, Filed under Sister-in-law / Bhabhi

I am Ummer from Aluva. This is a real life experience of mine with my wife's sister. I had a love marriage with my wife Aysha, Aysha is a very beautiful woman with the works. Now we stay in Cochin.

My wife has a younger sister, Her name is Haseena. She is as pretty as pretty (or more) as my wife. One day My parents left town and only me and my wife were alone at home for a couple of days. My wife invited Haseena to come and stay with us.

Myself and Haseena were very close and we used to chat a lot. My wife has never got any doubt about our relation. So as usual we were chatting at night and watching a movie. It became late and my wife feeling sleepy decided to hit off to bed, while I was still in the hall with my Haseena.

She informed my wife that she would join her in the bed room later. As I opted to sleep in the other room. As usual me and Haseena were talking and chatting and the topic shifted to young people and sex. I could notice a sparkle and naughty smile in Haseena's face.

And out of the blue she asked me directly, how often did I have sex it with Aysha. Knowing she was old enough i.e 21 to have some knowledge of sex. I told her that I had very often. Then she informed me that she used to watch a lot of blue movies at night on.

Thus topic was getting pretty hot and we were both getting very excited while talking about sex. I knew if this topic excited me it must be exciting her. Then I asked has she had sex and she said no and said but she had been fondled.

Thus I took the opportunity of asking her whether she liked it and she said yes and then with some guts I started playing with her hair and then slided my hands to her neck and started kissing her and pecking her on the neck.

She was very hesitant, but I had lost total control and was kissing her neck all over and then she also couldn't take it any more and plunged into it by smooching me heavily and taking me by surprise. The heat between us was increasing like crazy and that's when I just pulled her into my arms and pressed her tits over her clothes.

Oh god I was losing control and so was she. She kept trying to control my hands but I stripped her to her Bra and panty only. She had a great Body. I kept kissing her all over her body from top of her Bra to her panties. And then I just couldn't bare it so I just tore her bra and started sucking her and she was fondling my dick.

I started sucking her a lot and I even fingered her and then I starting licking her pussy and we went in a 69 and she was blowing me and rubbing my dick at the same time and we were loving it we lost so much control and she blowed me so much and me licking her cunt.

Oh it was heaven I drank all her juices and she was moaning away for me to fuck her. I just couldn't take it any more, I took my dick and just aimed it at her cunt and her cunt was so wet that my dick just slided in and wow what a hot feeling to fuck this virgin cunt.

I couldn't control myself I was pumping her so much and smooching her and also pressing her tits, we were going wild on the carpet. I didn't know what to explore, I was moving from her lips to her tits and sucking them on and on.

She was in ecstasy telling me to fuck her more and more and suck her juicy tits. I just gained more speed and fucking came into her wild pussy we both fell into each others arms for the next five minutes.

It was late at night, we rested there for a while and then she went into the room after giving me a kiss and I went to the other room to sleep. I was so happy that my wife didn't come to know of it. I haven't had a chance to do it again with Haseena, but sometimes I talk on the phone about it with her.

Permalink | Comments (14)
Sex with hot saali Reema
Posted on June 9, 2007 10:30 PM, Filed under Sister-in-law / Bhabhi

Dear Readers, After reading so many erotic stories on this Human Digest site I was compeled to tell you my own experience. My name is Manoj Nair. I am 32 yrs old. I am a married guy. My height is 5-7 ft with good body and big shaft.

This expereince happen to me last dec when my wife had gone to her mothers house and I was alone at home. My wife sister, Reema visited us unexpectedly. She is a beautiful lady age 25. Her figure is damm sexy.

When she rang the door bell, I opened the door, she greeted me with a smile and entered the house. When she saw me alone she asked me where her sister was, I told her that she had gone to their house only. Reema too started to go but I stopped her and told her to wait for some time and take rest.

She agreed and went to the bedroom, I too followed her behind, she was wearing jeans and t shirt, I could see her tight ass and big boobs waiting to be let out of there clothes. As she entered the bedroom I caught hold of her hand, she was suprised and started to leave her hand, but I pulled her closer to me and gave a smooch on her lips my tongue licking her tongue,

she freed herself from me and asked me what was I doing. Without waiting for her resposnce I again caught hold of her and pulled her in my arms, this time she did not resisted and came into my arms. Then slowly I put her on the bed and started kissing her, I kissed her forehead her lips, my hands were moving around her breast pressing it hardly, she was getting hot too.

I removed her t shirt, she was wearing a black bra inside, her milky breasts were waiting to come out of the bra. I unhooked the bra from behind and those two big assets of her were on my face, I started kissing her nipples which were pink in colour like rose buds. I sucked them pressed them hard. Reema was moaning with joy and carving for more.

Then I place my hands on her jeans and unzipped it, she was wearing a black panty inside, I removed her jeans and panty and there her pussy was white showing its pink lips. I licked her pussy deep inside, my tongue was exploring every party of her pussy, and reema she became too hot and asked me to put my cock inside her pussy.

I slowly brought my cock near her pussy lips, parted it and inserted my eight inches inside her pussy lips, she shouted with excitement. I began to move deep inside her. This went on for some time. Then the moment came when I was ready to explode. I removed my cock and told reema to take my cock in her mouth. She was happy and immediately took my whole 8 inches and started giving me a blow job.

Within few minutes I emptied my cum in her mouth, she took every drop of my cum, I was really surprised to know how good she was at giving blow job. We both lay down for few minutes, her hand was on my cock moving up and down, again my cock was straight and ready for another job.

I told reema that I wanted to fuck her ass hole. She told me that it will hurt, I assured her that it wont, I applied vaseline on her ass hole, then I placed my cock slowly inside her ass hole, it was tight,but with few strokes it made its way inside here ass hole, I began to ride her hard, she was moaning with pleasure and told me to ride faster, after riding her for ten minutes I exploded my cum in her ass hole.

After that we both lay on the bed. I told her that her cunt and ass has given me more pleasure then her sister. She just laughed and told me that she will be ready to give me more next time. After few hours she dressed up and left for her home.

Permalink | Comments (2)
Forbidden Sin
Posted on June 4, 2007 8:03 PM, Filed under Sister-in-law / Bhabhi

First of all I'd like to introduce myself to you, my name is Seaman. I am living in Kerala. I am too a regular visitor of HumanDigest and like this site very much. We are two brothers and one sister living in a combined family system, sister is younger than me and brother is older than me and married, he is also living with us with his wife, her name is Rajasree and she is a
dynamite,

it all happen to me when my brother got a job abroad and he
left for Saudi Arabia just after 3 months after his marriage. He was not
willing to go but our economical situation was not very good and in
order to support his family he had to go.

As I already told you that we were living together, we have two
portions in our house upper one is where my brother and his wife use to live
and we have our rooms down stairs. My Ettathi (wife of my brother) is
very beautiful, cheerful and nice lady, she was very frank with me and

use to spend time with me chatting, or watching movies sometimes and all
that, it was quite normal and I never thought anything wrong about our
relationship.

After the departure of my brother for two or three months Rajasree
spent time very normally, but after that I noticed that she use to stare at
me and started giving me mysterious smiles, I thought it was my doubt,
but then one day I noticed that she is taking interest in me in a

special way, she use to call me upstairs very often, and use to offer me
food, drinks and other such things and love to sit near me, and tried
not to miss any opportunity to have physical contact with me. I started
getting aroused by such gestures from her and started looking her in

a special way, she was gorgeous with a beautiful 36C size pair of tits,
very tight and nice ass and white complexion with long legs and flat
tummy. Most of the time she use to sit in front of me intentionally moving
her saree to expose her bulging out breasts.

I started masturbating a lot thinking about her, one night my parents
were out to visit our relatives and I was with my sister there, and our
Ettathi. My sister was chatting on telephone with her friend in another
room, and I was sitting with Rajasree in drawing room and watching

TV when suddenly power went out, and we both stood up to get candle and
match box, and during our struggle, we banged in each other, I tried to
get away but she held my hand and started to caress it.

I was nervous in the start, but then I also got confidence and grabbed
her from behind and rubbed my now hard cock on her ass, she was also
hot now, and she forced back, to get more contact, I silently kissed her
neck from behind and put my hands on her belly, and she turned her

face and kissed me on lips, I got out of control and started kissing her neck, face, lips like mad. She started moaning and placed my hands on her rock hard tits, it felt so good that I threw her on the sofa and started moving my hand from her face to her legs and when I tried to touch her inside her thighs, she placed my hand on her pussy, from above her saree.

It was the greatest feeling of my life, and I placed my hand under her jacket and touched her tits above her bra, I wanted to put off her clothes, but she remind me that my sister was at home and power can be back any moment too !!!

So we decided to put it till next time and started kissing and hugging eachother, suddenly my sister called from other room, and we departed and I lit the candle. Then my sister came and we were sitting there, Rajasree was looking at me with strange smile and happiness, it went like this for a few days and we didn't get any chance for real action, except kissing, and

hugging each other when nobody is around, like in kitchen and out side bathroom etc. But we both were looking for something more, and we eventually planned for it, we all have to go to a wedding ceremony one day and she decided that she'll refuse to go there making any lame excuse and she'll stay at home, and I must come home before my parents or something

like this, anyway we went to wedding ceremony, and the ceremony was
dragging as usual, so I told my parents that I have a friend very near to
the wedding hall, and I'll be back before the the funtion starts.

So I quickly got a Taxi and reached my home, Rajasree was waiting for
me, and as soon as I entered the home, she started kissing me, and I
lifted her in my arms and took her to my bedroom, she was wearing a

light pink transparent nightie and black bra under it, and looking
stunning. Now without wasting any time I put off her nightie and mine too, I
was shocked to see her huge tits.

I unhooked her bra and those beautiful tits were in my hand, I felt
her nipples getting hard by the touch of my fingers, I started kissing
her and moving my hand down to her petticoat, and I opened her pavada
(petticoat) too, she was not wearing anything underneath, so I placed my

hand on her pussy lips, she opened her legs a bit to give me full access
to her pretty pussy, I parted her pussy lips with my fingers and placed
a finger inside, she stooped kissing me and started moaning, she
closed her eyes and gave me a huge hug, pressing my chest against her bare

tits, I felt her hard nipples against my cheat and then she garbed my
hard cock in her hand and asked me to take it out of my petticoat, I did
it within no time and she sat down on her knees and started sucking my
cock, It was my very first experience and I was on seventh heaven.

I placed my hands on her head and she started giving me a great sucking , then I after some time she asked me to kiss her pussy lips, I had no experience but have seen in movies, so I stared kissing and sucking her down there, she was out of control now, screaming and asked me to lick her pussy and to put my tongue inside, I did the same and she was

calling me kuttaaaaa, mooneeee, and kissing me, I was enjoying her sounds. Then I placed my rock hard cock on her pussy lips and rubbed it on them, she asked me to fuck her quickly, and to give all my cock to her, I put it in, with a strong thrust and it was very tight, I had to
thrust even harder to enter her pussy.

She was screaming loudly, "oh, aammeee, aah, ooooooohhhhhaaaaa", and I was enjoying all tis. Then suddenly I felt that I was coming so took my cock out and came all
over her tits and belly. She opened her eyes and gave me a big smile and said, "hey yours is
bigger than Ettan's one, and more pleasureable, I want u more and more".

She look very sexy with her drowsy eyes looking hungrily at me. I really wanted to fuck her again. But my parents will be waiting at the wedding hall. She went to bath room and I also cleaned up and put on my clothes, and I left the home after giving her a full kiss on her lips and
promised her to fuck her again very soon.

After that day I have fucked her for a dozen times so far and we are still enjoying all this (including yesterday night), but she'll be going to Saudi Arabia very soon to live with my brother, I'll miss her very badly.

Permalink | Comments (17)
Me & Nidhi Bhabhi
Posted on May 30, 2007 8:01 AM, Filed under Sister-in-law / Bhabhi

During my stay in Gurgaon my neighbour was a Punjabi aunty with a married son, her daughter-in-law whom I used to call Nidhi Bhabi was a damn sexy lady, I always dreamt of having her one day. One day I went to auntie house to see her, she was not there and had gone off to her daughters house so I decided to stay back and gossip with bhabhi, she was looking gorgeous as ever in her blue sari and sleeveless blouse after some time of chatting of here

and there she went off to her kitchen to make tea for both of us..i also accompanied her and stood by the door of kitchen watching her making tea, her back was towards me as we continued our chatting. I could see her milky white waist and her anklets in her feet that made me horny.. I thought of taking a chance and placed my hands around her waist from behind and embraced her,

she was taken aback by my action and screamed Bhaiya what r u doin? And started to resist, I kept embracing her and whispered her in her ears bhabhi u r so pretty and sexy that I cant control myself anymore so plzz let me taste u, she struggled agasint me and said No bhaiya plzz leave me Now I kept my left hand on her waist and started to move my right hand over her body and placed it lightly on her left boob over her blouse.

She now shuddered and gasped slightly.now I turned her towards me and simply pressed my lips over hers, she tried to scream but my lips over her red juicy ones muffeled it now she started to pinch my shoulder and beat my chest as I kept kissing her, I sucked her lower lips and tried to part her lips but she did not part her lips so I shifhted my lips from her to her now bare shoulder and arms as her pallu was now lying on the floor exposing her blouse covered boobs.

I kissed her shoulder licked her neck as my hands played with her boobs and one around her back held her close to me.now I shifted my lips on to her boobs trying to suck it thru her blouse bite her nipples above it.she screamed nooooooo..while pulling at my hairs try ing to pull my lips away from her boobs. But she seemed feeble against my lust..i then picked her up in my arms and took her to the bed room,

she tried to get off while she kicked her legs in a futile manner..as I reached her bedroom I threw her into the bed..and myself got up and with a swift movement removed my t-shirt, she tried to get up but I was too fast for her as I grabbed her by her arms and set my hot lips on her belly button sucking at it and biting her waist. She kept saying no no no plzz bhaiya leave me..i didnt give a ear to her crying and kept myself steady at devouring that sexy and hot body.

As I was kissing her navel and waist my right hand wandered down to her calf and lifted her sari as my moved my hands upwards..and caressed her smooth sexy thighs..the feel of her thighs against my palm made me more horney as I shifted my lips once again to her neck licking and biting it.

Now as more and more I was caressing and kissing her, she also became heated up and aro used by a unfamilier hands and lips upon her naked skin..i now decided to denude her and take her full, so I got up and looked into her eyes, as I reached for the hooks in her blouse as I touched it she grasped my hands and tried it push them off I just brushed her hands aside and

unhooked her blouse and spilit it open to expose her golden tits barely covered by her lacy black bra..i reached her back unclasped her bra pushed it up realeasing her tit from their prison and set my lips on her lips as now my hands cupped her tits with my palm..now bhabi understood that she have to give in anyway and enjoy it with me only so she I guess decided to

give in and didnt resist as I sucked her lower lips again and try to part her lips..she now parted her lips and I thrust in my tongue inside her trying to suck her with mine, now she cooperated fully to my hot kisses and sucking as my hands tweaked her nipples I could feel her nipples harden unde r my mercyless palms and she in turn caressed my forearms with her, moaning softly.

Now I sat up again and set my attention to her saree and petticoat..i slowly unwrapped her sari and unknotted her petticoat from her slim waist and pulled them down her sexy legs baring her silky legs against my lusty stare and hot lips and my naughty hands. Now I made her sat up slid down her open blouse and bra thus leaving her nude sexy hot body with her panty just on her.

She looked really hot and wanting..so now I set my lips on her thighs and as I did she gasped at my touch of my hot lips on her naked skin.I started to lick and suck at her thighs as she grabbed on the wooden board above her head..and her face opened in a moan I went down to her toes licking and sucking at them played with her anklets with my lips and teeth, now I went up to the naked and hard tits and set my lips on them,

now she just arched up her tits against my mouth as my tongue twirled around her nipples and bite them and suck them hard, she now massaged my back with one of her hands while the other grasped at the bed sheet..she moaned became louder as my set my lips and mouth to feed freely upon the tits.. now I kissed her once again and held her panty by the rim and pulled it down her lgs leaving her in the bed totallly ungaurded against me..

i also got up undressed fully as she watched my cock spring free from it bondage..now I set myself between her legs as I parted her silky legs and set my lips upon her bush she crooned and arched her back..i parted her clit and pushed my tongue up her clit..i went mad at my touch of tongue as she grabbed my hairs and pushed it further down her silky hot thighs and grabbed my head with her thighs..

i went slurp slurp on her clit and she soon came in my mouth..then I went up kissed her now juicy and hard but wanting lips and as soon as I placed my lips upon her she thrust in her tongue in mine and started to k iss me passiaonately..all the time her slim finger were playing at my back and with my hairs..i kissed her neck and bit her ear lobes,,she cried out ohhh..then I told her bhabi..now I m goin to hurt u..

she said bhaiya it was ok from out but plzz dont fuck me and spoil me..i told her dear no one will come to know and moreover now I m too hot to leave u untouched so be prepared..so I parted her pretty and silky legs and lay on top of her, I positioned my rod agaoinst her hole..and pushed it as I kissed her nipples..she cried bhaiya plzzzzzzzzz dont dont do. ahhhhhhhhhhbut I entered her half she bit her lips in pain..

i withdrew again and pushed hard to reach her end..she arched her back and cried out ohhhhhhhhhh.goddd. now I embraced her and kept my lips onto her nipples and kept sucking her titts as I fucked her in slow rythem and got her moving with me..she soon started to enjoy the ride as she kept on moaning and locked her heels with anklets around my back and dug her nails at my back and kept scratching me hard as I incraesed my speed or ramming her.

Now I was fucking her madly as her mouth opned in a torn moan and she kept creaming.. ahh.ahhh ahhh.. and I kissed her lower lips and chin and neck and licked her sweat from her forehead and neck and she too masaged my back with her hands..now I was bout to come but she came earlier as she clutched at my back and dug her nails painfully and tightened her legs around my back..and arched her back as she moaned loudly ohhhhhhhhhhh goddddddddd..

i too soon came in her and pumped my come in her as her cunt also milked my cum..i rammed her few more times roughly and hard then lay on top of her..kissed her lips and she responded quickly grabbing my cheeks with her hands..i asked her bhabi did u enjoy..she said yes u were better than my hubby and this was the best sex I ever had..i asked dear do u want more of it..she smiled shyly..so I got off from her naked bod y..again kissed her on her legs and licked

her whole body with my rough tongueshe became hot again and moaned loudly..then I picked her legs up my shoulder and now entered her cunt hole in a single stroke..she gasped loud and held on to the side of the beds as I rammed her hard, she moved with me and kept holding on to the side..crying and gasping in short breaths.. ahh..ahhh a..hhhhI fucked her hard and rough as I kept my hands on her waist to guide her all the way I reached down and sqweezed her boobs kissed her legs as she locked her heels around my neck,, now we both came together..and after my final strokes. I fell on top off her.

