Caterina put the finishing touches on her makeup. Hilda hadn't said exactly where they were going that night, but she had given her vague instructions about how to dress: short and sparkly with three-inch stilettos. She was just sliding those stilettos on when her doorbell rang. She rushed to get it, thinking it would be Hilda, only to find that it was a driver instead. "Dr. Bor awaits." He nodded his head gravely and waited for her to join him. Caterina smiled nervously and followed him to the elevator . The ride was both shorter and longer than she wanted it to be, and when he opened the car door, she had no choice but to get in.

When the driver opened the door, Hilda shifted in her seat in order that she might better see Caterina's attire. She allowed a quick smile before the blonde could see it. The top was close to bordering on ridiculous in Hilda's opinion, but she wanted Caterina to be even more noticeable than she naturally was. "Mm, pretty. But your eye makeup is a bit a dark," she said as the door closed behind Caterina.

Caterina tried not to look too disappointed. "I'm sorry. Would you like me to change it?" She was sure that there was something in her purse that would work.

"No." Hilda took Caterina's chin between her fingers and turned her face this way and that. It was remarkable that they were the same age; Hilda thought of Caterina as a girl, and she wasn't sure she would ever be able to get past that. "It will do." And she might give her a small punishment later.

Caterina nodded and tried to relax, looking at Hilda rather then trying to figure out exactly where they were going. "Thank you." She still wasn't entirely used to the dynamics of their relationship, but she was trying hard to do as Hilda wanted. If she had been more specific, Caterina would have done her makeup differently.

For the ride, Hilda was silent, but she kept her hand firmly on Caterina's thigh. Rather than going to the club or somewhere like it, the car pulled up to a club that Hilda knew Caterina once frequented quite regularly. She shifted as the driver opened the door for them. "Go on."

Caterina got out of the car, stopping abruptly when she recognized their destination. La Reve wasn't exactly someplace that she though Hilda would enjoy and she wondered just why they were there. Still, she smiled at the bouncer out of habit and kissed his cheek as if it was any other night. A brief conversation about his girlfriend and his motorcycle later and they were in the door.

For the duration, Hilda kept her hand on the small of Caterina's back. It was too loud inside, too flashy, and it was close to too crowded. But Caterina was just where Hilda wanted her to be; she could feel the blonde's tension as she ushered her up to the VIP section. "I thought we might enjoy something different," she said, lips brushing Caterina's earlobe. "Though, I suppose this isn't quite different for you, is it?"

Despite her confusion, Caterina was slowly starting to relax. The club was as familiar to her as it was overwhelming for Hilda, though Hilda's presence was keeping her slightly off balance. Still, there was something in Hilda's voice that almost made her ashamed of just how much time she had spent in places like this. "No. Not that different." She was already starting to move in time with the music.

"Mm." Hilda ushered them to a table, one that gave a generous view of the dance floor. The flashing lights reflected on Caterina's shirt, making her pale skin stand in relief against it. "Go and get us some drinks."

Caterina nodded and headed toward the bar. She knew the bartender as well as she knew the bouncer and their drinks only took a fraction of the time that some of the other patrons had been waiting. She smiled at him, winking as she turned back toward the VIP section and Hilda.

The blonde was watching a young woman, younger than Caterina, on the dance floor. She was alone, and she looked as if she didn't mind. The girl vaguely piqued Hilda's interest, but she mostly wanted to see how Caterina would react.

The girl certainly piqued Caterina's interest, but she only gave her a passing glance before she handed Hilda her drink. It wasn't as if the girl was really an option with Hilda right there. "I'm sorry that took so long." It hadn't really, given the size of the crowd but she didn't know if Hilda would realize that.

"Mm." Hilda patted the booth where she was sitting and wrapped her arm around Caterina's waist, knowing that the position wouldn't be comfortable for the blonde. "Tell me," she said, leaning in close, her body pressing into Caterina's side, "what you enjoy about this place."

Hilda's arm was forcing her lean forward and Caterina didn't think Hilda would appreciate it if she tried to lean into her. She took a deep breath, trying to school her thoughts into something coherent. "I..," she swallowed, "I like all of the people, how you can be as anonymous or conspicuous as you want. The music is so loud that you can't think about it, you just have to feel it and the people are so close that you can't stand still. I love leaving so late that I'm completely exhausted by the time I get home and I can just fall into bed." Caterina wasn't thinking about being uncomfortable anymore, and Hilda was warm beside her.

Regardless of how long they stayed, Caterina was going to fall into bed completely exhausted that night. But Hilda hadn't yet decided whether the blonde would be sleeping in her arms or at her feet. She began to rub Caterina's expose thigh at the hem of skirt. "But it wasn't enough for you, was it?" she said, voice still low in Caterina's ear.

"It was... for a while." Caterina frowned. She didn't know when it had stopped being enough, whether it was when she first started going to the club, or whether it was when she first started spending time with Hilda. Still, she was unconsciously pressing her thigh into Hilda's touch.

Before Caterina could get too complacent, Hilda pressed her hand underneath the skirt, just grazing the blonde's panties with her fingertips before pulling away. "Go and dance for me, Caterina." She nodded towards the girl they had both been watching.

Caterina shuddered and nodded. It didn't take her long to approach the girl and start dancing with her. And the girl certainly wasn't pushing her away. Caterina was acutely aware of Hilda's eyes on her as the girl slide her arms around Caterina's waist and started playfully kissing one of her collarbones.

Hilda caught the girl's eye and held her gaze for too long a moment. Were she in the mood to collect, she might have invited her home with them, but Caterina was enough of a handful. And Hilda enjoyed keeping her full attention. She continued to watch, sipping on her drink slowly, but when she saw Caterina's hands wandering down the girl's back, she stood, sauntering over. She put her hands on Caterina's waist and turned her firmly before placing a sound kiss upon her lips. Caterina melted into Hilda's arms, willingly opening her mouth under Hilda's, ready to do whatever Hilda wanted.

The bass was so pervasive that Hilda didn't even hear the music anymore. The girl with whom Caterina had been dancing had moved away, but Hilda did not try to find her after she disappeared in the crowd. She pressed Caterina back, pushing into the middle of the floor. They were surrounded, pressed together, and Hilda could feel every contour of Caterina's body underneath the thin clothing. She kissed along one of the blonde's collarbones up to her neck to gently mark the spot with her teeth.

Caterina moaned, though the sound was swallowed up by the music. She was pressing shamelessly into Hilda, happy, as always, just to be close to her. "You're right," she whispered into Hilda's ear, "it isn't enough anymore." She clung to Hilda, wanting something, though she wasn't sure what.

"No, I didn't expect it would be." Hilda moved her hand up and grasped the back of Caterina's neck firmly. She pressed her hips into the blonde's before running her other hand down her side, pushing it underneath her skirt. "You're not nearly so dull anymore." She pushed Caterina's panties aside and pressed two fingers into her quickly.

Caterina whimpered and pressed into Hilda's fingers. She pulled against Hilda's hand, trying to get closer to the other woman, reveling in the way Hilda was holding her. Her nipples were hard under her tank top and the people and the music were pressing in on her, making it almost impossible to breathe.

"They're watching you," Hilda said, still holding Caterina's neck firmly. She began to pump her fingers slowly, almost painfully so. Some were watching, and others were too engrossed in themselves, in their partners, in the music or whatever it was that attracted them to such a place. But Hilda wanted to give Caterina the experience, to show her the contrast between what she used to be--a playgirl who was nearly useless--and what she was becoming--a woman of substance, beyond even what Hilda was doing for her. She curled her fingers towards herself as she continued.

"Ahh..." Caterina stumbled forward against Hilda. She didn't know if anyone was watching her or not, she was sure that at least some people were, but she couldn't focus on anyone but Hilda. "Please," her voice was low and threaded with need.

"Well..." Hilda nipped hard at Caterina's earlobe as she withdrew her fingers. "Since you've asked so nicely, yes, of course I'll take you away from here, Caterina." She smirked, continuing to keep her grip on Caterina's neck as she threaded her way off of the dance floor.

Caterina had no choice but to go with Hilda, the hand on her neck making it impossible for her to turn away. Still, she caught the bartender's eye as Hilda dragged her past, and she knew that at least one person had been watching them on the dance floor. Her face was hot when they hit the sidewalk, though the cool of the air barely registered before they were back in Hilda's car.

Luckily for Caterina, no one was their to take their picture. When Hilda settled down, the driver pulled away, knowing already their next destination. "On your knees," she said casually to Caterina.

She instinctively did as she was told, sliding to her knees at Hilda's feet, her eyes already downcast. She was wet and aching and she just wanted Hilda to touch her.

"We're going to the club, and I expect you to be out of that ridiculous outfit by the time we get there." Taking Caterina up to the main entrance would have been an interesting little punishment, but it would call too much attention to the place to have a naked woman mounting the stairs from the street. Hilda planned to use a different entrance, the one most members used. But she wanted a striking contrast for Caterina, to cement that this was different, that it was more serious than Caterina's past.

Caterina's eyes went wide, but she immediately pulled her shirt off, tossing it aside. She knew that they weren't particularly far from the club and that she didn't have long to fulfill Hilda's request. Getting out of her skirt was more awkward and she fell against the seat as the car went over a bump. She only just slid out of it as the car came to a stop. She didn't have time to worry about just how she was going to get from the car and up the front stairs without everyone on the street stopping to stare at her.

Hilda leaned forward and tugged at Caterina's panties and glanced at her shoes. "You're not fully undressed, Caterina."

Caterina whimpered, knowing that Hilda would punish her for that. She unbuckled her shoes, and once they were off, she shimmied out of her panties.

Hilda got out of the car when the driver opened the door, and she beckoned to Caterina. There was a slight chill in the air, but it was nothing Caterina could not handle. And once again, Hilda took hold of the back of her neck, ushering her into a fairly hidden entrance. No one would have seen them, but there was no need for Caterina to know that. "Go and get your collar. I'll be in the lounge."

Caterina couldn't remember ever coming into the club through this entrance, and it took a moment to get her bearings. Once she did, though, it only took a few minutes for her to find Hilda's room, retrieve her collar, and head to the lounge. She was slowly processing the nights earlier events, realizing that as easy as it was to fall back into old habits, it wasn't fulfilling, and she was much happier now that they were in the club and she was properly kneeling at Hilda's feet.

Hilda took the collar and buckled it around Caterina's neck, sitting back to admire the picture. She had been skeptical when Therese mentioned Caterina as a project, but all of that was gone. The blonde was the first pet Hilda had wanted to be involved with long term; she was quite pleased with the benefits of that. "I think," she said, more to herself than Caterina, "we'll pay a visit to the gaming room tonight."

She looked up at Hilda, just for a moment, before she looked back down. She had enjoyed going to the gaming room, watching the spectacles and placing bets, before she had become Hilda's pet but it wasn't a place that she had become entirely comfortable with in her new role. Still, there was no telling what Hilda was in the mood for that night and she had little choice but to follow.

"Come." Hilda crossed the lounge, Caterina trailing behind. She walked through a short hallway that opened into the game room--a large, airy space that was buzzing with activity, as always. She smiled at some familiar faces before joining a group at the start of a short, straight track that ran the length of one of the long sides of the room.

Caterina stopped by Hilda's side, watching the current activity, as she knelt again.

A group of pets raced quickly by them on hands and knees chasing a small ball as it rolled down the track. Hilda watched for a moment or two before joining their masters. "Mm, room for one more?" she asked casually, knowing that if there wasn't, someone would make sure that a pet and his or her master had something better to do.

"Of course." A tall gentleman smiled and nodded at Hilda as he motioned his own pet off of the track.

Caterina was closely watching what was going on, trying to figure out exactly what the point of the game was and how she could win it. She wasn't entirely comfortable with competing, but if she had to, she was going to do everything possible to win.

Hilda nodded to Caterina to take the boy's place. Instead of trying to explain the game, she decided to simply let Caterina work it out for herself. It was quite simple, really. The first pet to get the ball and get it back won. And Hilda was already making her wagers, knowing she would lose money on Caterina.

Caterina crawled into the roped off area and waited for the next round to begin. She thought that she knew what the purpose was, but that didn't mean that she would be successful at it.

Before they began, Hilda was offered a chair. She took a seat and crossed her legs, taking out a cigarillo and lighting it.

Caterina lunged after the ball as soon as it was tossed down the track. She managed to grab it briefly, but someone else bumped into her and she dropped it. She tried to scramble after it, but another person grabbed it and managed to bring it back over the line. Caterina frowned as she returned to the start, getting ready to play again.

Hilda clucked her tongue softly as she shook her head. The game might have been simple, but the bets being made were not insubstantial. She placed hers again and watch as Caterina came even less close to winning. There were other things she had planned for Caterina, more dignified races than this, but the blonde needed to get used to performing this way in the public sphere of the club.

Caterina was getting more and more frustrated with each pass, and her audience was fading away. She finally knocked over another pet and grabbed the loose ball, scrambling over the line just as someone made a grab for her.

As she stood, Hilda raised her eyebrows. The winnings would be settled through the club, but Hilda had lost more than she had won with the last race. She crooked her finger, drawing Caterina to her. A sheen of sweat covered the blonde's naked body, and it was clear that she was more frustrated than tired. "A whipping, I think. You've cost me quite a bit of money. And you've made a mess of yourself." Hilda insisted upon grace, and Caterina had been anything but graceful.

Caterina looked down. "Of course. I'm sorry." It seemed that she spent a lot of her time apologizing to Hilda, but she didn't think that Hilda minded. She was learning quite a bit about humility and she tried to regain some of her composure as she submitted to the punishment, knowing that by the time Hilda was done, that composure would be gone entirely.

It was a weekend, so Hilda knew the stage wouldn't need to be set. She ushered Caterina out of the room, some of its patrons following her. Hilda readied Caterina herself, carefully tying her hands with course rope before stepping away from the post. She unfurled her whip, laying three quick, stinging stripes across the woman's thighs. "For the clothing your failed to remove," she said.

Caterina sucked in a breath as she nodded, acknowledging Hilda's words. "Thank you."

"Mm, you're welcome, Caterina." Then, she began in earnest, striping Caterina's back with hard, precise strokes. She wanted the blonde to exhaust herself in being pushed just beyond where Hilda had taken her before.

Caterina's moans quickly turned into sobs. it was getting harder and harder for her to keep herself upright and sweat was beading on her skin, rolling down between her breasts. her knees were going weak and it was a struggle not to lock them, but she didn't want to pass out and disappoint Hilda further.

Hilda stopped, stepped back, admiring her own work. She paid no attention to the audience that had gathered. It was quite beautiful to see Caterina's back heaving with her breaths. "Have you had enough?" she asked.

She took several deep breaths, leaning against the whipping post as she tried to clear her mind. "Only if..." It took all of her energy to say it, to stop herself from saying yes and begging Hilda to stop, "only if you think I have." She started weeping again as soon as the words were out.

Hilda half smiled for a moment as she ran her fingers down the blonde's back. But her face was calm and stern once again as she stepped back and laid the whip high across Caterina's back five more times, watching Caterina carefully with each blow, making sure she could take it. Then finally, she stopped.

Caterina was sobbing by the time that Hilda finished and it felt like a incredible effort to stay on her feet. "Please..." her voice cracked as she tried to plead with Hilda, though she didn't know just what she was asking for.

Hilda handed the whip off to an attendant and saw to untying Caterina. She carefully pulled the blonde into her arms and began to soothingly stroke her hair. "Very good, very good, Caterina."

Caterina leaned into Hilda, still sobbing into her neck, repeating 'please' over and over in a low voice.

"I'm proud of you, Caterina," Hilda said soothingly as she took Caterina off of the stage. With the help of an attendant, they went back to her room, where she laid the blonde on her bed, face down. Hilda dismissed the attendant and began to rub salve on the welts herself, a rare treat. "You've done very well tonight, but I don't want you to get too complacent," she said softly. "I've plans for you."

Caterina pressed her cheek down into the bed, trying to ground herself as Hilda rubbed her back. "Plans?" She asked before she knew that she was speaking and she hope that Hilda didn't mind.

"Mmhm." Hilda let the transgression go for then. She carefully massaged the knots out of Caterina's shoulders as she continued, "I'm taking you out to Therese's stables next weekend. There are some things I'd like you to learn."

"Stables?" Caterina moaned as Hilda hit a particularly tight knot and started working it out. She had seen a few races at the club, but she never once thought that she would be participating in them.

"Yes, quite. If you are agreeable to it, I'd like to have you trained, for the races." she couldn't imagine anything more beautiful than Caterina, arms bound behind her and a bit in her mouth, racing in the spring, if she was ready.

"If that's what you want." Caterina trusted Hilda completely, and if she wanted to train her as a pony, then that's what she would do. She was intimidated by the thought, from the little that she had seen she knew that there was quite a lot to learn and to remember. She hoped that she wouldn't disappoint Hilda.

"We'll talk about it more soon," Hilda said as she got up and put the salve away. She kissed Caterina's shoulder lightly. "Get some rest." Hilda saw no need to coddle the blonde, and she wasn't ready to go to bed. She left her there, turning to look over her shoulder once more before heading to the lounge. Hilda kept her smile to herself, but Caterina had performed well.

Caterina watched Hilda go, fighting not to fall asleep. She knew that it would be easier, than Hilda wouldn't have left her in bed if it wasn't okay, but if Hilda wasn't ready to call it a night, then neither was she. Still, she needed to lie down for a bit and recover before she could follow her back out to the lounge.

Hilda spotted Therese when she came back into the room and immediately made her way to her. She smiled as she sat, nodding to the bartender to send a drink. "Good evening."

Therese smiled at Hilda as she sat. "I'm glad you found time to join me tonight. I thought, perhaps, that we had seen the last of you." She had been mildly impressed with Caterina's performance and pleased with herself for making such a wonderful match in the two of them.

"I thought it best to let her rest after bringing her down," Hilda said, accepting her drink from a pet in whom she had no interest. She caressed his side anyway as a courtesy. "She did well." Therese's approval was something Hilda sought, but she would not outright beg for compliments on her pet. She knew Therese gave what was deserved.

Therese nodded. "And you've done well with her thus far." Caterina still had a ways to go, but she had no doubt that Hilda would get her there. "What are your plans?" Therese could admit to a curiosity about just where Hilda envisioned Caterina fitting in.

Hilda shifted. Therese's had voiced a positive opinion, but that hardly meant she would give an affirmative answer to Hilda's next suggestion. "I thought I might bring her out to your estate next weekend."

"Mmm..." Therese raised one of her eyebrows at the suggestion. She was about to respond, questioning whether Caterina was really ready for that sort of challenge, when something caught her eye that made her reconsider. "Of course. Enjoy the weekend." It was hard for her to suppress a smile as Caterina walked across the room and knelt at Hilda's feet. She was moving a bit stiffly, but Therese didn't think that she could be faulted for that.

While Hilda wanted to raise her eyebrows, she kept her face impassive, taking a sip of her drink as she watched Caterina sink to her knees. The brightness in her eyes undeniably gave away how pleased she was at the blonde's unexpected appearance. But the only indication she chose to gave was briefly running her fingers through Caterina's hair. "Thank you; I think we will."

Therese nodded, finally smiling indulgently as Caterina leaned into Hilda's touch. "I'll make sure the staff knows to expect you." Therese rose. "If you'll excuse me, I need to talk to Malcolm before he leaves for the night."

Caterina sighed slightly as she finally relaxed, leaning against Hilda. She pressed her cheek against Hilda's knee, happy to be allowed the contact and the rest. She hoped that Hilda was proud of her, though that wasn't why she had rejoined her. She had come out to the lounge because that was where she was supposed to be, with Hilda, in case she needed anything, or wanted anything.