This story was produced as adult entertainment and should not be read by minors.

Tell me what you think of this story. E-mail carlzakbrown@hotmail.com

Carl and Alesha
by Carl Zak Brown (c) 2003

For awhile, it looked like Vicki and Ravi were going to get married. They announced their engagement and decided to stop having other partners. Carl was not really surprised that Vicki preferred Ravi to him, after all Ravi's cock was bigger and he had much more experience than Carl did.

Carl joined an internet dating site, www.dating.co.uk . One day, he came across this advert:

"Hi i'm Alesha a gorgeous bubbly black gal from south london. I'm looking for proper white boys to experiment on. Age and looks don't matter ya get me. Just make sure your open minded and willing to get down and dirty with an african queen. Any gal reply to (preferably white gal) because i am bi aswell. Get in touch soon
Alesha  xxxxxxxxxx"

Carl quickly replied, and after a few e-mails he agreed to meet Alesha in London. He suggested that they should just meet for a meal first, but Alesha insisted that they spend the night together afterwards, so Carl booked a hotel room.

After their meal, they returned to the hotel. They were on the 25th floor, and had a great view over London (but only in one direction, there were only windows on one side of the room). After they had looked, Carl suggested that they should close the curtains, but Alesha insisted they should be left open. "After all", she said, "no-one can see in unless they are in a helicopter!"

They kissed properly for the first time, tongues exploring each others mouths. Then Carl suggested that they should take a shower together, and Alesha agreed.

Once they were in the shower, Alesha kept trying to touch Carl's prick, but at first he wouldn't let her. However, after they had washed each others backs, he relented, and Alesha made sure that his cock was given a good wash, she thought she might taste it later and she preferred clean pricks in her mouth.

Once they had finished the shower and dried ourselves off, they returned to the bedroom. Alesha insisted that all the lights should be turned on, she liked to see what she was getting. However, Carl kept glancing at the window, and she relented and closed the curtains to stop him worrying.

She laid down on the bed. He knelt beside her, and after a long passionate kiss, Carl took one of her nipples in his mouth and started sucking it, while he stroked her other breast gently with his hand. "Harder", Alesha said, "stroke it harder!" Carl did as she asked, then after a few minutes he kissed down her body, stopping to lick her navel (which made her giggle), before sticking his tongue into her pussy.

He licked there for several minutes, but it was not giving Alesha enough sensation. "Your fingers!" she said, "please use your fingers!" Carl did as she asked, and stuck two of his fingers into her pussy, then started slowly stroking in and out. She asked him to stroke harder and faster and he did so, and eventually she orgasmed. He continued to rub more slowly, but Alesha pushed his hand away, she needed a few minutes to recover, so he laid down next to her, cuddling and kissing her as she relaxed.

When she was ready, she asked "What do you want me to do for you?" She looked down at his prick, but despite his enjoyment of their earlier lovemaking, his penis was still soft. She took his cock in her hand and roughly stroked it, which caused him to wince and ask her to caress him more gently.

Her hands had the desired effect, and his penis grew hard. "It is not very big, is it?" Alesha said, looking at his three and a half inch erection in her hand. She licked round the head of his prick then took it into her mouth. She felt it growing harder, and after a few minutes Carl suggested that he should put a condom on, ready for sex.

After the condom was in place, Alesha sat astride him and gently lowered herself onto his prick, then started to ride him hard and fast. After a few minutes, she felt his come spurt into the condom, and quickly withdrew from him before his erection deflated. While he removed his condom and disposed of it, she frigged herself to her second orgasm of the night.

In the morning, they fucked again (with him on top this time). Afterwards, they lay in each others arms and talked.

She said "I enjoyed our time together, but we did not really experiment, did we?"

He replied "What do you want me to do? Come in your mouth? Fuck your arsehole? Put you over my knee and spank you? Let you put me over your knee so you can spank me? Invite my friends round so they can all fuck you?"

She answered "I want you to do all those things and more. And I want you to get us some toys. I want a nice long dildo to stick up your arse, a butt-plug for each of us that we can use when we are doing normal sex. Perhaps some handcuffs would be nice, I would really like to chain you up so I have more freedom to do what I want to you."

Carl replied "I am not too sure about the handcuffs, I prefer to have the option to change my mind if something isn't working, and I want my partner to have that right too."

Alesha said "I am sure you are right". But he did not like the gleam in her eye.

Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights reserved by its author


