"Logan... I..."
"Shhhh. Don't speak."
And there was another kiss. Deeper. Stronger. Logan's tongue parted Ororo's lips and swirled inside her mouth, eliciting sparks of pleasure and lust that numbed her mind.
After a few seconds, she wrapped her arms around Logan's strong neck, her tongue entering the marvellous love dance. It felt like her first kiss, many years ago, in the jungle of Wakanda. However this time, she knew what would come after. The feeling of Logan's throbbing manhood against her thighs held burning promises for the near future.
"I can't believe we are doing this," she said.
"What is your problem Ms Munroe? We are alone in the most secluded part of the garden, the full moon shines above us; the night sky is sprinkled with sparkling stars. If this is not your idea of romance..."
Ororo laughed lightly.
"Yes. The moment seems to be perfect."
"But?"
"How long has this been going on?"
"I don't know," said Logan with a light smirk. "You know I had set my views on someone else."
"Jean..."
"I don't care about her anymore. Scott and her are an item; there's nothing anyone can do about it."
"I decided to forget about Forge too."
"You know I've been checking you out for a few weeks."
"Yeah! You were so distracted staring at my butt that you had your ass burned in the Danger Room yesterday!"
"Not exactly my ass Ms Munroe, just the lower part of my back. Bobby refrigerated it on the spot, so the healing process started immediately."
"This is why your new skin is so soft?" Ororo asked, with her hand on Logan's back, under his shirt.
Logan did not answer. He really loved to have his ass stroked, as she did right now. The pheromones emanating from the African goddess' mahogany skin were shooting his mind above the stars, in a galaxy of lust. Cupping Ororo's ass, he could feel that she was not wearing any kind of underwear under the silk dress she had chosen for their rendezvous.
In one swift motion, he had her against a tree, his hands pulling the fabric up her thighs, exposing her shaved pussy. No word would have been able to express the passion that possessed his mind. Ororo fought with the heavy bronze buckle of Logan's belt. His jeans spilled open freeing his manhood. She feverishly grabbed Logan's cock and put the tip against her swollen pussy lips. Feeling the moisture inside her soft crack, Logan pushed almost savagely, impaling Ororo in one movement. The feeling of her pussy was excruciatingly soft and he found himself fighting against surprising tears of relief. The feeling of pussy around him was so remote in his memory that he had almost forgotten it.
Adjusting to Logan's size, Ororo sunk her nails in the flesh of his neck. The pain was mixed with a feeling of fullness that quenched her thirst for physical love. After a few seconds, there it faded. Her pussy was pulsating, pumping moisture around the shaft that visited her so delightfully.
"Did I hurt you?" Logan asked with a little voice.
"No," she whispered in his ear.
They kissed again passionately, their tongues beginning a dance that extended into their hips. His hands firmly holding Ororo's perfectly shaped ass, Logan humped her with increasing speed, lost in the feeling of her pussy clasping around his manhood, her wetness spreading to his balls.
Holding on for dear life, Ororo started to feel a huge knot in her belly, from which bolts of pleasure radiated through all her body.
"Do it Logan! Fuck me! Make me yours! Oh my god! Make me come!"
"Are you loosing your mind Ms Munroe?" Logan had regained some composure. He lifted Ororo, freeing his cock from her sloppy vagina.
"What are you doing, Logan? Please don't..."
Grabbing her shoulder to spin her around, Logan faced her back, feasting his eyes on the round muscular ass of the young woman. Stroking her back, he made her arch to offer herself again.
"Please Logan, take me again!"
Happy to oblige, Logan positioned his cock between her cheeks. His glistening head traveled along her crack, stopping for a second on her puckered hole.
"No," she said firmly. And the tone of her voice let no place for bargaining. 'This is only a royal privilege,' she thought to herself, bringing back cherished memories of Wakanda.
"OK, here we go," said Logan, jabbing her with a swift movement of his hips.
Ororo was naked, bracing herself against the rugged tree, offering her pussy to his invading manhood. Logan's hands on her hips were strong and almost brutal, his cock invading her all the way to her cervix. After a minute, she was again ready to come, grinding her ass against Logan's muscular belly, her pussy tightened around his cock.
As she felt her orgasm gaining her over, Ororo marvelled at the hardness of Logan's cock. When the pleasure wave hit her, she shrieked.
"Yeeeeeesssss! Fuck me Logan! Harder!!"
Digging his fingers in her soft skin, Logan erupted at the same time, lost in the scent of her pheromones.
"I fuuuuuuck you, Ororo!! Hggggh!!"
Gyrating his hips in her cum filled pussy, he was eliciting the last jolts of pleasure. Kissing feverishly her neck, he licked up her hormone filled sweat with a feline groaning.
After the knee bending orgasm, the two lovers layed on the grass. Storm sumonned a light breeze to cool them. Her body was shivering at the memory of her pleasure, and her pussy wanted more.
"You might be surprised, Ms Munroe," said Logan with a mischievous grin.
"By what?"
"By the fact that I came so fast."
"..."
"I know you want some more, but feeling you coming on my shaft had this effect on me, just to share your pleasure."
"I appreciate that, Logan. We have all the night."
"Why should we wait?" Logan asked.
Propping himself on his hands, he put himself in push up position over Ororo, his manhood aiming at her vagina. The look of surprise in Ororo's eyes brought a cocky smile on the Canadian hunk's sexy lips.
"Obviously, you do not know everything about my regenerative power. I will cum every time you will, and be ready to go the next minute. You might find this night a bit long."
"Which means I can suck you off right now?" she said. Logan burst out in laughter. He had been fantasizing about Ororo's full sensuous lips wrapped around his dick.
After a few minutes of what looked like a joyful struggle, the two super lovers were in a 69 position. Ororo's full lips were wrapped around Logan's hard dick, and her tongue was searching the savours of her pussy around the crown of his cock head.
Feasting his eyes on Ororo's wonderful ass in close view, Logan was not attracted to her cumfilled pussy.
"Ms Munroe? I cannot fuck you in the ass, can I?"
"No!" she said firmly, freeing his saliva covered cock.
"Well, I hope you won't mind this..."
Logan then dove on Ororo's tightest hole, his tongue searching her musky and salty taste in every fold of her brown star. A jolt of pleasure shot through the young woman's spine. The feeling was new to her.
This secluded part of her anatomy had not been visited in the last decade. Logan's tongue, playing with the folds of the taboo orifice, brought back the memories of her encounter with the young Prince Tshalla, deep in the jungle of Wakanda, several years ago. Possessed by the Yohimbe spirit, the young African Prince had possessed the young goddess's body for days, teaching the once innocent girl how to service his royal manhood with her hands, her mouth, her vagina and, on the last day, her anus. Without uttering a word, not taking into account her weak refusals, he had made love to her shapely mahogany ass on a large rock by the river, his hollers of ecstasy (and her first cries of pain) scaring away flocks of colourful birds. His veiny shaft, covered with saliva, had rammed in her, waking up nervous terminations she did not know about. The feeling of her anus stretched to the tearing point by Tshalla's huge ebony cock, had made her feel vulnerable, more opened that she had ever felt. His hands on her hips, so strong and protective, were reading her feelings as he was driving them to a mind numbing orgasm. Ororo had cried, feeling his semen splashing against her inner walls.
The feeling of emptiness after the love making, when Tshalla had withdrawn into his royal reserve, had made Ororo so sad that a light rain had started, in the middle of the sunny afternoon, revealing for the first time her special mutant powers. "No one will ever take you the way I took you, woman. This is a royal privilege for the heir of the throne of Wakanda".
These words had burnt into Ororo's mind, and no other man had been allowed to do the same to her. The memory of this glorious fucking had brought Ororo on the verge of coming again, as Logan's tongue snaked into her supersensitive anus. All of a sudden, Ororo's body shivered with her anal orgasm. Her mouth immediately received her reward with a hard stream of semen from Logan's balls. His muffled scream made Ororo laugh aloud.
"My! Logan, you are full of surprises!"
"You ain't seen nothing yet," the Canadian hunk answered. "I said that I would come every time you did. I can feel when you are about to come, it is so sexy."
Ororo stopped laughing to stuff the now limp dick in her mouth. She marvelled when her swirling tongue started to feel Logan's shaft hardening again. 'He is gonna fuck my blues away, and that's a good thing' she thought to herself. Rolling Logan on her back, she impaled herself on him. Rocking slowly, clasping the walls of her vagina on Logan, she was quickly en route for another orgasm. She summoned a warm rain on them, thinking that it would calm Logan's ardours. The night would be long and delightful.
Logan cupped her firm breasts with his hands. All his senses were receiving messages about the pleasure his lover experienced, and that feeling filled his with a joy that overpowered his own depression. He started to croon, repressing his laughter: "I'll make love to you, all the whole night through..."
They burst into laughter as the jolts of pleasure had them jerking on the wet lawn.