Summer Girls
by drbenway

Summer Girls Ch. 01

Fun and discovery just paying our way.

The summer after we graduated high school, my best friend Cami and I decided to go travelling around Europe. Her parents and my parents agreed they weren't going to finance our wild summer of drinking and "who knows what," so we took our meager savings and said we'd rough it. If they had known what our poverty would get us into, they probably would have set up large bank accounts for both of us, and I wouldn't have this story to tell.

A tiny bit of background: Cami is my best friend from forever. We met in third grade and went all through school together in a wealthy suburb. (I'm going to be a little vague about some details, since I don't want to get anyone into trouble, especially me.) Cami is the big one. She just kept growing. She's 5'10" and 140 pounds, in a package you'd probably call voluptuous. She has big firm tits and curvy hips, but she keeps it all in shape with an hour-long killer workout six days a week. Her hair is naturally light brown, almost blond, and the highlights are blond, but not natural. She's got the fair skin of her Viking heritage. Her eyes are blue green, wide and laughing. She's the instigator, and she almost always gets her way.

I'm the little one, 5'4" and 110 pounds. My tits are about a handful, where Cami's are more than two hands and a mouthful. (If you're wondering how I know, we'll get to that.) My name is Jeanette, but Cami calls me Jen. I work out, too, though not as savagely as Cami. I've got more of a model's build but not tall, kind of petite, with a face to match. I have dark brown hair and brown eyes from my father's French ancestors, and my skin turns a creamy shade of mocha when I get in the sun. I'm a little quieter and more reserved than Cami, which isn't saying much. It's fun when we walk down the street together. Guys don't know which of us they want to look at first.

Anyway, we were getting shipped off to different snotty colleges in the fall, and we both wanted a summer of adventure before we settled down to that drudgery. We both went into it with a "try anything" attitude, although Cami has always been the crazy one.

We started out in Spain, intending to hit every beach and bar on the Mediteranean. We each had almost two thousand dollars to start with and we didn't know how far that would take us. It turned out not to be very far. We thought we'd stay in hostels and make our own meals instead of eating out in order to conserve funds, but that lasted about two days. As Cami put it: "Fuck this, I'm getting a hotel room." From then on, it was hotels and restaurants, and the money was gone in two weeks.

So there we were, broke in a little resort town on the beach. We didn't even have the money to change our return flights. It looked like our wild summer was going to be a short one, but Cami said, "No way."

One afternoon, we were sitting in the Paradiso, our favorite bar, a place on the beach where all the foreign kids hung out. Hector, the owner, was sitting with us. He was a big guy, under thirty, with long black hair, dark, dangerous eyes, flashing white teeth, and he was interested in Cami.

"We need to make some money," Cami told him. "How about we serve drinks here?"

"Sure," Hector grinned. "Fifty bucks a night and tips. Start at five, go till whenever."

We all knew what the tips were in that place, and the hours meant we'd be working all the time, just to make enough money stay there and work some more -- not the summer of fun and adventure we had in mind.

Cami said, "Fuck that. There's got to be a better way."

"Sure," Hector grinned again. Then he told us about a girl from the summer before who offered to wait tables in the nude. She took home something like €1,000 a night, and Hector loved it. She packed the club on the nights she worked.

I was shocked.

"That's more like it," Cami said, "but it still sounds like a lot of work. How about if we just bring in the business and let the other girls carry the drinks?"

"Sure," Hector grinned. "Just tell me how."

"I'll think about it," Cami said.

It didn't take her long to think about it. About two minutes later she bounced up from the table and went to the bar to talk to Hector. I couldn't hear what they said but Hector grinned a lot. At one point, his eyes opened wide and he looked from her to me and back at her again.

"What did you tell him?" I asked nervously, when she brought fresh drinks to the table.

"My idea to bring in the business. I told him we'd do a wrestling match in sexy bikinis. He liked it. He guaranteed us 500 euros. If he breaks 10,000, he'll make it a thousand. Not bad, right? That'll keep us here for almost a week. At least it gives us some time before we're out on the street."

"But Cami ..."

"Come on, let's go out to dinner. We can afford a little celebration of our new independence. Right?"

I wasn't so sure about that.

She took me to a nice place on the beach and we had a great meal and a couple great bottles of wine, but I never quite got what it was we were going to do. Cami was vague.

"Oh, you know, just wear our bikinis and throw each other around a little. It'll be fun."

"Hector's going to pay us 500 euros for that?"

"Don't worry. We're going to make it a thousand."

"Who's going to pay that much to watch that?"

"You'll be surprised," she said.

When we left our hotel for the Paradiso, we walked along the beach. The little waves washed over the sand with a soft shushing sound, and the sky was speckled with stars.

"This is so cool," Cami said. "For once, we get to see what it's like to earn our way. If our parents they knew about this, they'd shit."

If I'd known what she signed us up for, I probably would have too.

I wore my lime green bikini under a tank top and short linen skirt. Cami wore outrageous, low-cut, skin-tight jeans and a tube top. Her large, springy breasts moved beautifully and freely beneath the thin spandex. When we got to the Paradiso, it was crowded. Somehow, we found a table and Hector came over to serve us personally. He brought our drinks, sat down and flashed his devilish grin at Cami.

"You girls ready?"

"We're ready," Cami nodded eagerly.

Apparently I didn't get a vote.

"It's all set," Hector said, pointing to the small stage where he had local bands perform some nights. "I'll get Mina to announce you in a couple minutes."

I saw one of those inflatable kiddie pools taking up half the stage. Instead of water, it seemed to have about three inches of something red and shiny in it -- Jello. I suddenly realized how we were going to bring in the business, and it sobered me up quick.

"Cami," I whined, "I don't know about this."

"Come on. It'll be fun."

I didn't get much time to think about it. We barely had a chance to gulp down our drinks before Mina, who runs the place for Hector, got up on stage with a microphone. I noticed how the bar had filled in. Now it was packed right out onto the terrace in front. I guess word got around about the pool of Jello on the stage. They were waiting for the show and greeted Mina with hoots and applause as Cami pulled me up on stage beside her.

"Yeah, yeah,"Mina said to quiet them, "I love you too, and we've got a special show for you tonight. These two beautiful, athletic young girls have agreed to wrestle for the title of Champion of the Paradiso. Hector will be your referee, something even he should be able to handle, since there are no rules. With these two, we're expecting a wild free-for-all, and who knows how it will end. But now, let me introduce our lovely combatants. First, we have Killer Cami, conqueror of the continent."

Cami raised her arms over her head and shook her boobs under their thin tube top skin, grinning at the audience, which looked to be about a hundred or more. They raised a commotion, banging on the tables, shouting and whistling. Drunk and disorderly in about 14 languages, they were an intimidating bunch, much too up close and personal for my comfort.

"And her opponent," Mina continued, "Angel Jen, the sweet avenger."

The crowd looked at me, and I didn't know what to do but follow Cami's lead. I raised my own arms and tried to smile. I got a nice reception, but not quite the wild enthusiasm Cami got. I didn't have as much to shake.

"Alright, girls," Mina said, "time to strip down and get to it."

Cami slipped off her flip-flops and peeled down her jeans. I was a little unnerved to see that all she wore under them was a tiny black thong. That brought another cheer from the audience.

In a fog, I kicked off my sandals, dropped my skirt and pulled the tank top over my head. My bikini was nowhere near as provocative as Cami's outfit, but I got a little appreciation for my smaller and, as I like to think, more refined package.

Cami stepped into one corner of the pool, and like a good little follower, I stepped into the opposite corner. The Jello was cool and squishy coming up through my toes. Cami flexed her arms, smirking broadly at me. She looked like she was having the time of her life, and I probably looked like a frightened mouse.

Hector stood beside the pool. "When I blow the whistle, you go at it. When I blow it again, you stop. We're going to have three rounds. At the end, we'll have the audience choose the winner. Are you ready?"

Cami nodded and Hector blew the whistle. Cami came forward, her knees flexed, arms out, in a posture of attack. I didn't know what to do, so I tried to do the same. Suddenly, she rushed me and grabbed me around the waist, lifting me out of the Jello, before she dropped me on my back and fell on top of me.

The red gelatin felt weird on my skin, cool and jiggly, but it actually helped me slide out from under Cami. She wasn't fighting very hard, which gave me the cue to do the same. She grabbed me a few more times and splashed me into the Jello. The floor under the pool was hard, but the Jello gave it a little padding, and Cami was careful with me. Pretty soon we were both dripping Jello from our hair, right down to our feet.

I was starting to think this wouldn't be so bad, but then she grabbed the strap of my bikini while we were grappling. She pulled and my tit popped out. The crowd cheered their approval. Cami released my strap and I quickly tucked away my nipple. Now I don't think I'm any more prudish than most girls, but I felt embarrassed to be up there showing my tit to the whole room. The front row of the crowd was only about six feet away. Cami stood over me laughing at my silly modesty. It made me mad.

I started to circle her with aggressive intent. Two could play at that game. When she came at me again, I ignored her bear hug and grabbed the tube top, which slid easily down to her waist. The crowd, as they say, went wild, but I didn't get to gloat over my victory. Instead of repacking her bobbing melons, Cami threw me down again and laid on top of me, her heavy naked breasts pressed against my little ones. I squirmed and thrashed about in the red Jello, but I couldn't quite get out from under. Then I felt with horror that she was trying to pull down my bikini bottoms. I squirmed even harder and managed to slip out of her grasp.

I pulled up the bottoms, which she hadn't got down far enough to show much. Cami tried to get the tube top back over her big bouncing tits, but it had rolled into a tight little strip and she couldn't unwind it while we circled. The crowd clearly like that and Cami didn't seem to care. She pulled the narrow strip over her head and threw it to them.

It was getting pretty clear where all this was going, and it was a lot more than I had signed up for. I glared at her as we circled in our combat crouches, but I couldn't help but admire those large, lively boobs, swaying as she moved, with their pert little nipples standing at attention.

This time, when Cami charged, she made no attempt to grab me around the middle, going instead straight for my bikini top. I batted her hands away a couple times, but she finally got hold of it and pulled. I heard and felt the snap of the plastic closure in back and the whole top came away in Cami's hand. Instinctively, I wrapped my arms over my undersized chest while Cami laughed and threw my top to the crowd. Hector blew the whistle while the noise of that rowdy crowd filled the bar. Cami went back to her corner, making no effort to hide her tits. I went back to mine, but kept my arms folded over my titties.

"You girls want anything?" Hector asked us. "Water, booze, a rubdown?"

"Depends who's rubbing us down," Cami shot back.

"How about me?" Hector leered.

"In your dreams."

He made a pouty face and went back to the bar to help Mina who was working furiously with the bartenders to keep up with the demands of that thirsty crowd. I went over to Cami, still clutching my tender little breasts.

"Cami," I whispered desperately, "what are we doing?"

"Just having a little fun and earning our keep. Relax. Nothing bad's going to happen, and by the way, you look fantastic."

"Thanks, but I'm not so crazy about showing it all to the world."

"Oh, lighten up. After we leave this town, you'll never see these people again. Let yourself go."

She took my wrists and gently pulled my arms down to my side, exposing my smallish tits, which had betrayed me by sprouting largish erect nipples. There were some catcalls and whistles from the crowd, even though we weren't officially performing.

"God," Cami said, with an admiring look. "If I had a body like that I'd be glad to show it off. Now come on, let's go put on a show."

Cami's appreciation of my skinny little body made me feel better, but I was still a little leery of "putting on a show." I went back to my corner, leaving my breasts uncovered. If I was really going to do this, covering up between rounds seemed pretty silly.

Hector blew his whistle, and Cami and I went back into our fighting routine. She immediately dropped me on my back and fell heavily on top of me. I did my best squirming, trying to make it as convincing as possible, but then I felt Cami's hand working at my bikini bottom. I gave as much of a heave as I had and got part way out. Cami was still fiddling with the bikini, and it distracted her enough for me to make another push and finish a complete reversal. I was on top, but she was face down, making a show of kicking and wriggling, without throwing me off, which she could easily have done.

I was mad. She was trying to strip me naked in front of all those drunken idiots in the crowd. I suddenly felt like she had cooked up this whole thing just to humiliate me. I decided two could play at that game. I grabbed her thong and pulled. That little scrap of lace came away in my hand like it was made of tissue paper. Cami was face down in the Jello, stark naked.

The crowd was going crazy, screaming, whistling and stomping on the floor. It was an animal sound, and I think both Cami and I were suddenly daunted by this crazy situation. I made the mistake of looking out at the sea of howling faces and saw something that chilled me. In front of half the faces, smart phones were pointed right at me, recording us for all the world and forever. What were my parents going to think? What about my friends? Boyfriends? Classmates? People interviewing me for a job? Everyone I ever met for the rest of my life? I felt like I was waking up into a bad dream.

And it was all Cami's fault. She was up on her feet, now, looking down comically at her bald pussy, then at the torn scrap of cloth in my hand, playing it up for the crowd with a bewildered look of wonder. I wanted to wipe that look off her face, and I rushed her low, grabbing her around the waist and trying to throw her down. But she was planted, like a tree. I couldn't get leverage with my feet in that slippery Jello, and I could finally sense the amazing strength she'd been holding back.

I was still bent over, holding her middle, when I felt her bend down and wrap her own arms around me from above, her breasts pillowing on my back. Then she lifted and my feet left the Jello, heading for the ceiling while the crowd was howling and frothing at the mouth but still faithfully recording my humiliation from every angle. Cami held me upside down, facing the crowd, with the back of my head nestled against her naked pussy and my feet waving over her head. She bounced me up and down a couple times, probably hoping to get my solid little mounds to bounce with me. Meanwhile, I was trying to pry her hands apart, which, if I had succeeded would have sent me into vertical dive onto my head in three inches of Jello.

Fortunately, Cami did not let go, but found that I had slipped enough for her to put her face right into my crotch. I couldn't believe what she was doing. I tried to clamp my legs together to keep her out, but I was too late. Her face pressed against my pussy, and she made grunting, snuffling noises like a pig rooting for truffles. I yelped and released my legs to kick uselessly in the air, while my hands tried to pry her mouth from my pussy. At the same time, I felt a warm gush of sexual arousal course through me.

Hector blew his whistle and Cami reluctantly lowered me back onto my feet. I stood there for a moment, gasping for breath and dumbfounded, looking from her to Hector to the crowd. I couldn't believe this was happening. Cami just stood there laughing, naked except for some dribbles of Jello that clung to her body here and there.

Hector said, "Girls, girls, take it easy. Save something for the last round."

I shuffled back to my corner and adjusted my bikini bottom, which had slipped a bit. At least I still had that. In an addled corner of my brain, it seemed to count as some kind of advantage.

Cami didn't care. She had a big smile, and she licked her lips, playing to the crowd. "Mmm," she said loud enough for everyone to hear, "fannntastic! Must be you, Jen. Jello doesn't taste like that."

I was pretty sure she hadn't tasted any of my personal juices, but I couldn't restrain a grudging smile at that line and her act. It really brought home to me how Cami was a born entertainer. She had the comic imagination and timing to capture people's attention and take their mind off whatever was on it. That was what this was all about. Cami was doing her thing, entertaining, and I was her prop. That's the way I saw it, and it didn't make me any less mad at her than I'd been all night.

When Hector blew his whistle for the third and final round, I wanted to get her. Cami was so much bigger and stronger, I knew I couldn't match her there. But I was quicker. I hadn't really tried to use it yet, but I decided that would be my tactic for the third round. I circled her warily, looking for an opening. Cami was watching me casually, barely putting up any defense at all, grinning for the crowd to show how easily she could dominate me.

I made a lightning strike low, dropping to my knees to grab her ankle. Then I bounced up and yanked her foot out from under her, but it wasn't enough to take her down. She stood on one foot, while I held the other at shoulder height. I cursed her damn flexibility at the same time I realized the view I'd opened for the crowd. Cami's pussy was stretched wide, pointed at them and probably dripping red Jello. She just laughed and grabbed me around the shoulders, pulling me to her, and we went down together.

Cami was on her back but somehow got the leg I was holding up onto my shoulder and used it to twist me around until she had my head in a scissor lock between her thighs. I was in trouble, and I knew it. If she'd wanted to, she could have easily choked me out. I had to let go of her leg to try to pry her knees apart enough to get my head out. I pulled and pulled, but there was no way; her legs were much too strong. I was helpless.

Cami took the opportunity to grab my bikini bottom and yank. It slid down to my knees before I could make a grab for it. By then, I couldn't reach it, and Cami didn't have much trouble getting it all the way down, even as I kicked and squirmed, forgetting the show my pussy was putting on for all the animals and their cameras. She pulled the bottom completely off to wild cheers.

I quit struggling for a moment to catch my breath and calm down enough to think. I needed some other tactic to get free of that headlock, but I had no idea what. My face was stuck just a couple inches from the wobbling surface of the Jello. If she brought her legs down, she could have drowned me in it, though I knew she wouldn't do that. My body was lying on her stomach, my hips pressing into the tops of her breasts. I could squirm my pelvis and kick my legs, but that hadn't helped at all, and my arms weren't strong enough to pry myself loose. I guess in wrestling they'd call that a pin or a fall or something. There was nothing I could do.

But Cami had options, and she took advantage of one. She grabbed one of my legs and pulled it forcefully over her head. I didn't get what she was doing until she wrapped an arm around each of my legs, one on each side of her head and curled forward to dig her face back into my naked pussy. It seemed like she was being awfully persistent about that, and when I felt her nose nuzzling my pussy lips, I realized she was serious.

I squirmed as best I could, but I was practically immobilized. I tried to slide my arms between us and push her head away from my crotch, but in that position, she had the advantage in both strength and leverage and I couldn't do it. Then I felt her tongue sliding over my pussy which suddenly seemed inflamed and slippery -- this time with something more than Jello. Against my will, wild sexual excitement was building up inside, coursing through me like an electric current. I tried to tamp it down, but it was no use, before I even realized what was happening, I was too far gone. When her tongue slipped into the entrance of my vagina, I groaned out loud.

I noticed without much interest that the bar had gone quiet. Apparently they were too intent on watching to cheer. Maybe they just wanted to hear the moans and groans that Cami was wringing from my poor overloaded body. I guess they got their money's worth on that. Cami wouldn't give up. Her tongue worked diligently in my pussy, then slid down to my clit. It didn't take long for her to get what she wanted, apparently what the whole audience was waiting for. I was gasping with the flood of sexual energy washing over me when the giant wave broke, and I came in a long, breathy, shuddering moan.

The crowd waited for a moment after I subsided, then broke into the loudest cheering yet. Nice to know I can be so entertaining. I was as limp as overcooked spaghetti, but it was a good feeling. Hector blew his whistle and Cami released me. I slid off her and lay on my back in the Jello, staring up at the lights. Cami sat up and looked down at me, while Hector hovered somewhere behind her.

"Holy crap," he said. "I guess you girls did save the best for last. Nice show."

"Hey," Cami laughed, getting to her feet. "There's nothing like the real thing."

She reached down and pulled me up to her. I was a little shaky, and I wasn't exactly sure why. It might have been the aftereffects of a massive orgasm, or maybe some vestige of modesty that wasn't comfortable with me standing naked and dripping red Jello in front of a hundred howling drunks, or maybe it was stepping into a new identity and a new relationship with Cami. Actually, there's no maybe about it. It was all of the above.

Cami didn't seem to have any of those concerns. She stood there confidently naked, her big boobs dripping and swaying voluptuously with her every move. She put her hands on my shoulder and pulled me into a warm, naked, body length hug. The crowd loved it. Some yelled encouragement for us to continue with acts ranging from filthy to divine. With no better idea who I was or what I wanted, I hugged her back.

"That was awesome," she breathed in my ear. "You were awesome."

"It was your show." I stated the obvious.

"It was you that drove them wild."

Cami always had the last word. She pulled partly away from me, turning toward the crowd and raising one arm to wave to them. The other arm she wrapped around me in a friendly way, gently turning me to face them too. I stood beside her and looked out at the rioters. Hesitantly, I raised an arm and waved.

You could call the reception we got warm. People were yelling, screaming, whistling, shouting obscene catcalls. Everyone seemed to be pushing in toward the stage, shoving and spilling drinks. A fight started in the back and it looked like half a dozen guys were throwing punches.

Hector brought two pails of water and two sponges. We cleaned the Jello off each other using the sponges and our hands. It turned into a little encore to our performance. As I went over her lush breasts, I couldn't help noticing how her nipples sprang to attention. I noticed my own doing the same as she washed me down, but I think we both had the same idea.

"Let's get out of here and go back to the room," Cami said. "You owe me."

The audience chose the winner -- Cami, of course. She had immobilized me enough to, as they used to say, have her way with me. What they didn't get was how that made me the winner.

Hector was disappointed. He wanted us to stay all night and mingle with the crowd. But that wasn't what Cami wanted. We got dressed and walked back along the beach. Cami was topless, but she didn't care, and it was probably okay on the beach. She grabbed a towel from the hotel pool and wrapped up her bobbling breasts before we went in. Up in our room, she threw the towel on the floor and flopped on the bed.

She lay on her back looking up at me. "You owe me," she repeated with a choke in her voice.

I was happy to pay.


Summer Girls Ch. 02

Making it pay.

Love Tour

I had never been naked in public before. I had never had sex in public before. And I had never had sex with a girl before -- that is before Cami and I wrestled, stripped each other naked and had sex in a pool of Jello in front of a hundred or more drunken ex-pat kids in a bar on a Mediterranean beach. The whole thing was like a dream. We made love back in the hotel room and woke up in each other's arms, but as soon as I got out of bed, all I could think of were the consequences.

I had always liked to think of myself as a little wild, but not a slut. After our performance on Hector's stage, I was forced to rethink that. Cami licking me to orgasm in front of all those kids changed things, and all the money we made didn't help me sort it out. I looked at that stack of bills sitting on the hotel dresser and thought, Okay, I'm a sex worker. That sounded pretty slutty.

And my relationship with Cami was another complication. I loved her, and I realized I always had. I never needed the sexual relationship to be in love. All growing up, we had done everything together, and we had a lot of fun. Our personalities seemed to fit together, and by the time we were ten, we knew we could count on each other for just about anything. Now we had had sex, wonderful sex, and I was wondering if we could count on each other for that.

And this didn't even include the view from the outside. What would people think of me when all those pictures and videos went around the internet? How could I face them? And if I did, what kind of person would I have to be to do it?

I was sitting at a little table in our hotel room with a cup of cappuccino, looking out at the beach but not seeing it. It felt like my brain was swirling down the toilet bowl until Cami slapped me back into the world.

"Hey," she said, jumping out of bed naked, her big boobs bouncing all over the place, "let's hit the beach -- not so many people yet, and it'll be too hot in a couple hours."

So, of course, that's what we did. We put on our bikinis and walked a couple kilometers down the beach to an outcrop of rock that extended out into the water. We climbed up on the rocks and lay there in the morning sun. There was no one else around, and the temperature was perfect. The sea was calm, just the quiet sloshing of tiny waves. The sky was clear and blue and the sun was sweet. If I hadn't been drowning in worries about my new life, it would have been idyllic. Cami had no such worries.

"Wasn't that awesome?" she breathed dreamily, then laughed. "And we even got paid for it."

"Um, yeah," I agreed uncertainly.

"You know what Hector told me when I got our money last night?"

"No."

"He said there was an extra 50 euros in it that the waitresses chipped in from their tips. They made so much more than usual, they loved us. He said we can do another show whenever we want." She was breathless with excitement. "We could turn this into a steady job, if we wanted to."

I felt like a shit, but I couldn't match her excitement. I was silent and probably pretty grim-faced for a moment, trying to sort out how I truly felt.

"I don't know, Cami," I finally said more calmly than I felt. "It's so new, I've got to think about it."

"Oh, you think too much. Think with your pussy. It was fun, wasn't it?" she laughed and then added quietly, "and maybe even more than that?"

We were lying side by side, close together on our towels. I just rolled over on top of her and kissed her deeply. As I knew she would, she sorted it out for me. I felt her hands moving softly over my skin, and I could tell how much she was loving it. I felt them slipping under my top, and I was loving it, too. When one of those hands slid smoothly down my stomach and under my bikini bottom, I gasped.

"We should go back to the room," she laughed, "save it for the paying customers."

We went to the Paradiso that afternoon and Bonny, one of the waitresses, came over immediately and grinned. "Whatever you want, it's on the house."

"From Hector?" Cami grinned back.

"He's lost his mind," Bonny laughed. "He says you'll never pay for a drink in this place again. You put us on the map."

"Thanks, Bonny," Cami said. "That's good to know."

We sipped our champagne cocktails and waited for Hector to come over to our table. I didn't get it at the time, but I later realized this was a power move. Cami was getting the advantage by making him come to us. When he did come over and sit down, the two of them beat around the bush for a couple minutes before they got down to negotiating our "contract." That's when I discovered that, among her many other talents, Cami was pretty darn good businesswoman.

We got 1050 euros for that first show, including the waitresses' tip. Cami told Hector we'd do two more shows during the next week for 4000 -- from him. Anything the waitresses wanted to contribute would be on top of that. Hector came back with 3000 and he'd get to pick the nights. Cami said 3500 and let him set the schedule, but only in the next week.

Hector said, "The money's okay, but you got to hang around after the shows and mingle, right?"

Cami shook her head and looked at me with a satisfied smirk. "You understand what you're asking?" she said to Hector, still looking me in the eyes. "You get us all worked up and then you want us to sit around here for the rest of the night with these drunken slobs. That's harder work than the show and much more of a sacrifice. We're not doing it for nothing."

"You got to be here," Hector pleaded. "You'll keep the place packed."

"Right," she said aggressively. "And that's why you should be happy to pay."

It was fun to see Hector squirm, but Cami eventually settled for a flat 5000 euros for the two shows and the after parties in the bar. He picked the next Friday and Saturday nights for our performances and wanted an exclusive, no performances for any other bars or nightclubs in the area, which Cami agreed to without wringing any more money out of him.

"That was nothing," she explained later. "I didn't want to hang around here anyway. We said we were going around the Mediterranean and we've been stuck here two weeks already. We do those two shows, we're out of here. Next stop the Riviera."

Those two shows felt completely different than the first one. The first one, I didn't know what was happening. Cami had to drag me along. Now, I knew exactly what I was doing and I was ready to show the world, especially since most of the world had probably seen it by now anyway.

So, Friday night when Mina announced us and we got in the pool again, I attacked Cami with everything I had. There was something about doing it in front of an audience that made me crazy with lust, but even more than that, I wanted some of the power in our relationship. In our first match, Cami had called all the shots, and that was wonderful, but now I figured it was my turn. By the middle of the second round, I had her top off and we were circling. When I charged, she let me take her down on her back. I slid down, ripped off her thong and buried my face in her pussy. Cami's howl was only part theatrical.

When we got back on our feet, she began talking to the audience, walking around the play pool with a big happy grin, keeping up a funny patter about how great her orgasm was, how she loved to wrestle me, how amazing I taste, how lucky she was to have me as her own personal sex toy and how much she loves to tease me before she lets me have what I want. Of course, all the crazy drunken kids loved it, especially since she was walking around naked in front of them with red Jello sliding sensually down her body. I knew it was all just part of the act, but it was making me mad. I wasn't her toy, and I didn't want anyone to think I was.

In the third round, she went after my bikini, which took all of about one minute. She stripped it off me and threw it to the crowd, leaving us both naked to the world. At that point, I think we both knew it was finally my turn. With her cooperation, I got her down again, but this time I didn't go down on her. I slid up to kneel with my knees on each side of her head, while I sat my pussy down squarely on her face. Cami made a show of thrashing her arms and legs as she snorted muffled hog sounds, rooting with her nose and tongue in my pussy. She soon had me gasping from the shocks coursing through me like jolts of electricity. A minute or two of that and I came with my own cries of pleasure.

Hector said he'd never seen a crowd go so wild. They were standing on the tables, banging on everything they could find, some of them howling at the top of their lungs. He was afraid they might tear down the bar with their bare hands. Cami and I missed all that. We were much too much into each other to see or hear what was going on around us. When Hector blew his whistle, I fell off Cami's face into the Jello, totally spent. Only then did I gradually become aware of the crowd.

Rowdy as they were, they didn't intimidate me anymore. In fact, they even gave me the victory, this time. I did have Cami on her back for most of our match, but I don't think they believed in my dominance. It didn't matter; they loved our performance, and I took their vote to show they understood I was an important part of it.

Hector lived upstairs from the bar, and he let us go up and use his shower to get some of the stickiness off our bodies. When he showed us into the bathroom, he said he'd love to stay and have a threesome, but he had to get back down to the bar and keep the drinks flowing.

"What a shame," Cami said sarcastically.

"But you've got to come down when you're ready and hang out in the bar for a few hours," Hector reminded us. "That's our deal, right?"

"Right."

The shower we took together in Hector's tub was fun, but I was a little worried about how the kids in the bar would treat our wild behavior on stage. Were they going to think we were looking to find paying customers for the rest of the night?

"Don't worry," Cami said. "We'll set them straight. There's only one person I want to make love to tonight, and she's right here, right now, soaping my pussy. Oh god, don't stop. That feels so good."

As usual, she was right. The boys treated us with something like awe -- all except the Greek boys. They were assholes, as usual, but Cami shooed them away with their dicks shriveling in their pants. I struck up a conversation with a handsome Italian boy about my age, but he was just one of a dozen boys that hung around us. I recognized a few of them as belonging to the huge yachts moored down at the marina. Everybody knew they were filthy rich, and they probably thought they could buy us with their allowance. Maybe they could have, but one of them seemed to be the leader, and he had other ideas.

He was a tall kid, maybe a couple years older than us, dark, possibly Arab and very good looking. At one point, I saw him talking with Hector who was nodding vigorously and grinning from ear to ear. Awhile later, I saw Hector talking to Cami with that same leering grin. Cami listened and said something back that Hector didn't like. He frowned and shook his head, but Cami persisted and he finally shrugged, glancing at me. I knew they had cooked up something, and once again, I wasn't sure I was going to like it.

We were back in our room lying in bed together when she told me the plan. Then I was sure - sure I didn't like it.

"I'm not going to have sex with some guy I don't know, right in front of everybody."

"No sex. Hector says he'll jump in and hose the guy down if he gets too serious. It's just another part of the show. This is our chance to make some real money. It could set us up for the rest of the summer."

"I don't know," I whined. "I don't mind doing this with you, Cami. I trust you, and I know you'd never hurt me. But some guy out of the crowd wrestling with us in the Jello -- we don't know what he's going to do. I'm scared."

But Cami pushed right through all my objections and got her way as always.

This was going to be our grand finale. The deal was we'd do two rounds, then have an intermission while Mina presided over an auction for the right to join us for two more rounds. Hector wanted 50% of the auction take, but Cami turned him down. She wanted 100% or no deal, but she made a concession that convinced him to accept. She said he could announce that we were leaving town on our tour, but we'd be back for another stop at the Paradiso some time in the next two months. Hector would have a big draw for the rest of the summer, and Cami was sure we'd at least double our take for the night, maybe more.

For anybody but Cami, I wouldn't have even considered it, but with Cami, I didn't know how to say no. I said I'd do it, but I was still scared.

"You better protect me," I said. "I don't want to get raped."

She raised up on her elbow and cocked a humorous eyebrow. "Not even by me?"

"Well, that's different," I sniffed.

She rolled on top and smothered me under her breasts.
