7. – Courted

Late summer sunlight painted the courtyard in gold. I watched from beside the doorway as a squad of trainees jogged past, their young instructor chiding their sloppy form. I could only agree, they did look ragged.

As there were damn few students worth the effort anymore, I debated postponing my review of the facility. The survivors of the purge were, for the most part, either too devious or too cowardly to be of much use to me. Still, I had always conducted reviews in August, and could not convince myself that I had earned a respite this time.

August. A third of a year gone since the loss of the Elders, and we had no useful leads. I did not allow this to worry me overmuch; as of yet, I had not been informed of whom, precisely, I should report to in this matter, so I waited, and conducted the search on my own terms. With any luck, something would break and by the time Esset held me accountable, I would have the prize in hand. On a whim, I decided to pay a brief visit to my crew of clairsentients.

For the past two months, they had been virtually living on coffee, sugar, and tobacco. The main room they worked in smelled of stale smoke, fried pastries, and sweat. I made my way around the desks and tables, their meditating captains unaware of my passing. Uneven stacks of notes threatened to fly loose in my wake. With casual disregard, I picked up one sheet at random and glanced at it. The handwriting was atrocious, a frantic, hurried scribble, but its message was clear enough: they’re not in Japan anymore.

Out of curiosity, I tried a few other notes, harvested at random and read as I walked. They will die in a blizzard in the Alps this winter. They will vanish in the east. They have allies we know nothing about.

Could these all be true, or were my clairvoyants Seeing through a self-inflicted haze? The chaos that they might cause to a precognitive, was it affecting them as well? I suspected as much, rather than allow the possibility that there was no effect at all.

I moved to set the papers down and stopped, my gaze drawn to the notebook of the young woman sitting nearest to the door. She alone had watched me make my circuit of the room, and in fact still stared, but her hand moved rapidly across the paper, the pencil nearly squeaking in its haste. At the end of its message, her hand went limp, allowing the pencil to drop free and roll to the floor.

Since I was the main motivator for the search in the first place, my presence could have inspired her vision. I carefully tore the page from her book.

The past is the key to the future. The dead do not forget – do not forget the dead. You do not know as much as you think you do…Kort.

“Why did you write this?” I snarled, fear stealing my reason. “Who told you to write this?”

The woman whispered, “Mach die Tür auf und komm rein…”

A name clawed its way from my throat. “Erich.” Unwilling to stay in this room of ghosts and their confidants, I hurried to confer with my trusted allies, the note still clutched in my fist.

Mendez read in silence, one eyebrow betraying when he reached the name at the end. “She could have overheard it,” he offered, handing the note back to me. “He wasn’t exactly subtle, you recall.”

“He’s right, Konn,” Garrick stated with a shrug. “She could have picked it up anywhere – even from your own mind.”

“Ah, but the admonition to open the door and come in,” I murmured, pausing in my pacing to turn and regard Mendez with a hungry look. “You worked with Erich, didn’t you?”

“God, don’t remind me,” the telepath growled. “Really, Konrad, I think you’re going in the wrong direction here.”

“Am I?” I leaned in closer to him and stated, “There is one way to find out. That apartment has been sealed off since his death, all dealings with it locked away as classified. But none of that matters now! Don’t you see? There is no one here to prosecute us should we break that seal and have a look around.”

“You make it sound like raiding a mummy’s tomb,” Garrick half-laughed. “Really, man!”

“We all knew Erich well enough to know that he would take his secrets to the grave,” I whispered. “He did not know us well enough to predict we would become grave robbers. Are you with me, or no?”

Mendez shook his head. “I’ll go with you, Konrad, but as for whether I am with you… I’m not sure I even know where that is at the moment.”

Garrick shrugged. “What do you expect to find, Konn? What could possibly be in that room that would make the slightest difference now?”

Bradley’s innocence, perhaps? My own? I couldn’t answer his question, so I said nothing.

As we each had other work to attend to, we agreed to meet in front of Erich Sonndheim’s apartment at twenty-two hundred. Time crawled by, seeming to stand still whenever I glanced at a clock. With a start I realized I was excited – I hadn’t pulled a stunt like this in a very long time. Indeed, never had I done anything quite the same; all my sneaking had been against living obstacles, not ghosts.

Ghosts. One in particular that I had no desire to meet. And I had made up my mind to break into the room of his execution, boarded up these three and a half years now.

Actually, I had made up my mind to goad the other two into breaking and entering, as I had no intention of touching anything in that apartment, gloves or no.

I found myself in front of that door several minutes early, drawn there by I know not what. My hands began to sweat within the gloves, and I fought down a shudder. Erich Sonndheim had possessed such power, such dark charisma, that it had taken me three years to feel safe enough to dismantle his surveillance devices in my own home. People still avoided this corridor, they had moved their offices to other halls, leaving this corner of the facility isolated and unobserved. It would be the perfect place for a murder, for it had been so, many times.

Like a nervous student, I found myself staring at the door, the last barrier between my world, and his. The once-polished wood had grown dark and dimmed. Upon its face it bore three metal artifacts: the nameplate, the doorknob assembly, and a sturdy steel loop affixed directly above the lock. Through that loop ran a length of heavy chain, itself bolted to either side of the door frame. The measures were unusual, extreme even for Rosenkreuz, but someone had deemed them necessary.

For one terrible moment I wondered if they had removed the body first.

Footsteps to my right heralded the arrival of my associates. I composed myself and greeted them. Garrick had brought an electric lantern and a video camera. Mendez carried a heavy-duty bolt cutter, which he offered to me.

“Ah, no, my friend,” I demurred. “That would be your specialty.”

Mendez raised an eyebrow and lowered the bolt cutter. “Just because I know where to find the tools does not make me a specialist at espionage, Konrad.”

“Nevertheless, I suggest you get busy,” I stated, taking up a position against the opposite wall and watching him coolly.

The telepath exchanged a look with Garrick, then set the massive shears against the chain. He paused. “What if it’s booby-trapped?”

I smiled sharply. “Then I suppose all our worries will soon be over.”

Mendez braced himself, then pulled on the meter-long handles. The snapping of the steel link echoed off the walls like a gunshot, followed immediately by the clattering rush of chain spilling through the loop to hang twitching from its metal tether.

Garrick pushed the door inward.

My breath caught in my throat, held there by a wash of panic that I’d anticipated, yet still managed to fall prey to. This room had not changed, and I was nineteen again, young and green and barely more than naïve.

“This is your show, Konrad,” Mendez whispered, his voice low in this place of the dead.

I shook myself out of the past and strode forward.

Garrick turned on the lights as we went, and was twice greeted with a loud pop and the sudden absence of light. Soon we had all usable lamps engaged, which only managed to throw the room into a twilight glow. I would almost have preferred to just use the lantern

I followed my shadow along one wall. There was the bar, still partially stocked. Even the scavengers here avoided the opened bottles, with good reason. I had seen Erich drink directly from the bottle from time to time, and furthermore…

[I am nineteen, a junior staff member at Rosenkreuz, very much aware of the differences between myself and those who rose through the ranks at this facility. Administrator Erich Sonndheim has invited me here, to this room, to drink with him.

Erich watches me look around the room. He watches me walk. He watches me smile as he pours the schnapps and hands me my glass. He watches my mouth as I raise the glass to my lips.

Some whisper of instinct, some hint felt through the glove, I don’t know what, but I refuse his drink. I refuse his drink, and his eyes turn hard. So I hadn’t imagined it – I had seen anticipation and lust in his eyes, but now those glimmers have gone cold, replaced with hatred.

As I flee his apartment, I can’t help think that I have just dodged yet another bullet in my life…]

“Konrad!” Mendez called out softly. “What are you doing?”

I stopped short of the door and rounded on the speaker. “What does it look like I’m doing?” I snarled. “I’m getting some goddamn air.”

Outside, I leaned against the far wall and tried to catch my breath. The room smelled like a crypt, dusty and forgotten and full of whispers. A stench of whispers? I fought down the urge to laugh, for that kind of laughter heralds madness. Instead, I took a few more breaths then strode back into Sonndheim’s apartment.

Mendez and Garrick had accumulated a stack of folders and loose papers, along with a few video tapes and computer discs. I frowned, wondering what might be on the tapes and yet not wanting to find out.

But, this had all been too easy. There had to be something here… I tried to think like Sonndheim, though it made the bile rise in my gullet. He couldn’t expect me to be here, rummaging through whatever things Security might have left behind after his death – could he? He’d always been several steps ahead of me, no matter the situation. With the exception of that one time, when I’d refused his hospitality, at any rate.

My eyes followed the lines of the walls toward the bedroom door. The one place I swore I would never go – if I were Erich Sonndheim, that is where I would hide something of interest.

With determined steps, I strode toward that door, and turned the handle.

It was locked.

A/N:

Yes, the title is a bit of a pun.

“Mach die Tür auf und komm rein…” – “Open the door and come in…” Said the spider to the fly.