I had always wished Lori would fulfill my fantasy and deepthroat me during oral sex. Lori, my wife of four years, is a stunner. At 5 feet and 7 inches tall, she has oversized breasts and the ass and legs of a sprinter. Before I married Lori, I had many girlfriends. One of my girlfriends was such an accomplished cocksucker that she could take my whole prick in her mouth and tongue my balls at the same time. My wife Lori sucked my cock, but she couldn't or wouldn't deepthroat me.
My life changed the night I complained about Lori's oral skills during a blowjob. She immediately stopped sucking and told me, "You've got a lot of nerve." "Have you ever sucked a dick?" "Do you think it's easy to get a prick all the way into my mouth?"
I probably made it worse for myself when I told her about my old girlfriend and how she did it so easily. Lori refused to finish me off that night and, needless to say, I didn't get any the following week.
After much coercesing Lori eventually agreed to have sex with me. She got down between my legs while I lay on my back in bed. She played with my cock until it was red and swollen and started talking dirty. She would alternate between stroking my dick and asking me questions.
"So you want me to suck your cock and take this big thing all the way down my throat do you?" Lori spit on my dickhead and rubbed it in. I couldn't believe my eyes. It was so way out of character for her.
She continued her questions. "Do you want me to deepthroat this big prick?"
I was so horny that all I could do was moan "ah hah".
Lori than asked, "Do you think it's possible to take this big dick all the way down my throat?"
Of course I said yes. My darling innocent little wife then said something that blew my mind.
She said, "Prove it!" Two simple little words, PROVE IT.
Lori, who never once instigated anything kinky during our marriage, laid it all out for me.
She began, "Do you want me to suck this prick and take it deep into my throat?"
"Well, how bad do you want it?"
"Will you play a nasty game with me?" Lori continued. "If you agree to my terms, I'll suck this big cock deeper than I ever have before."
I was so horny at that point that I would have agreed to anything.
"Yes, I promise, I'll play," I said.
Lori ran to her dresser and brought back a black bag.
Lori said, "I went shopping today and look what I bought."
I couldn't believe my eyes when she pulled out a realistic looking rubber cock.
She then said, "I bought this one because it is exactly the same size as you dick. I thought that since you think it is so easy to swallow a big prick, you might want to show me that it's possible."
"Here's the deal. I know you're strait and only like women, so please don't be threatened. We will have a little fun, and you will get the best blowjob I ever gave you. I will take your cock in my mouth as deep as you can take this dildo into yours."
I was apprehensive but horny as hell.
I asked her, "How big is that thing?"
She replied, "Well, I tried to find one that was the same size as yours, lets measure them to be sure." Lori got out the tape ruler and it turned out that she had a pretty good eye. Both the rubber cock and my real one measured eight inches from tip to base and both were six inches around.
She said, "You go first, you promised."
I grabbed the realistic looking cock and examined it up close. It had a texture like a real prick, it had big balls and even veins in all the right places. I thought to myself, "it's just a piece of rubber, I'll do it just to get my dick sucked." I stuck the head of the dildo in my mouth and slid it in just a little to get used to the size. The spongy head felt strange on my tongue.
Lori teased, "Come on, I can do better than that."
I was so horned up that I would have done whatever it took to get a good blowjob, so I sucked the big prick into my mouth as far as I could.
Lori said, "Hey, you look hot with a dick in your mouth."
I said, "That's not fair."
I told her it was her turn and she got down on her knees and took my prick in her pretty mouth. True to her word, she took as much of my swollen meat as I had managed with the dildo. She was turned-on and I shot a big load into her mouth in no time.
A few nights later, Lori asked me if I wanted to play again. Lori told me that she couldn't stop thinking about the me sucking her fat dildo.
"Can we play," she said, "I've got some good ideas."
I could tell that my wife was changing. She told me that she had gotten a few things. She insisted that we get inspired before we played and showed me a video she had rented. She put on a DVD titled, "Big Dicks and the Girls who suck them." We drank a couple beers and watched the movie. In the movie, girls sucked over-sized cocks after licking them all over. Several of the women were able to take an entire cock into their mouth. Lori kept looking at my crotch.
She asked me if I could do as good as the girls in the movie.
I told her, "I'll play, but no fair teasing me."
The funny thing was, it turned me on that she talked to me that way and I couldn't stop looking at the big cocks in the video.
Lori brought out the dildo and said, "O.K. John, lets see what you can do tonight."
I went to take the big fake prick out of her hands and she stopped me.
Lori said, "Tonight, we will have a fair game."
Lori showed me a strap-on harness that she must have just purchased. Taking off her clothes, she buckled the harness in place on her crotch and placed her cock in it. She took a rubber band and put it on the dildo.
She began, "Here are the new rules. The cock sucker will crawl over to the big dick to be sucked and will stay on their knees. The cock sucker in training will attempt to push the rubber band up the cock as far as they can with their lips. John, you will go first."
I crawled over to Lori and gazed up at her loveliness. The sight of my sexy wife with her big beautiful breasts and a large cock swaying obscenely where her pussy should have been, caused my own cock to swell.
Lori said, "Lick my big dick all over and get it wet before you suck it."
I knew that that wasn't part of the game but I couldn't help myself. Part of it was wanting to please her but secretly I thought about the monster cocks in the movie and what it must be like to suck them.
I licked her big rubber cock like it was part of her pussy and got it soaking wet. I hoped she didn't think I was enjoying myself too much. I took the cock in my mouth and started to push the rubber band up it's length with my lips. I sucked that big cock into my mouth and took it inch by inch. I finally stopped when the cock head hit the entrance to my throat.
Lori got the ruler and announced, "Well done lover, you just got five inches of man meat in your mouth." She said, "I think your dick licking inspired you to a new record. Licking cock will now be an important part our game."
I couldn't help wondering why I kept thinking about the cocks in the video and why I had sucked Lori's cock so enthusiastically.
A couple nights later during supper, Lori asked if I thought we could try for a new record. Lori told me she had gotten a new video. After taking our clothes off, she put the DVD on. Lori insisted on wearing her life-like cock during the video. I was surprised when the tape turned out to be a gay film.
When I tried to protest, Lori said, "Cocksucking is cocksucking. Consider it a training film. I understand that gays are the best at taking really big fat dicks down their throats."
In the movie, there was a lot of deepthroating and the men made it look so easy. Lori kept one hand on her dildo and her eyes on my crotch. It didn't take long for my hard on to give me away. I was getting turned on.
Lori noticed this and used it as a way to tease me.
"John", she said, "doesn't that young man have a magnificent erection. It must be ten inches long and doesn't it look healthy and tasty?"
She must have been reading my mind because I had just been thinking that if I were ever to suck a real cock, that was the kind of cock that might tempt me.
The young man's prick was as big around as the red partition ropes at the movie theatre and the head on it was as big as a peach. It looked so hard and strong. My cock had become fully erect without my having touched it. I couldn't believe how aroused I had become.
Lori became insistent. "Look how hard you are. I bet you can't wait to start the game."
She teased me, "Honey, your so horny, I bet you would probably go down on that boy's pretty prick if he was here."
I told her she was crazy but my mouth was watering and I couldn't take my eyes off the dick on the screen.
Lori stood up and told me to crawl over to her. I licked her big cock until it was sloppy wet and then started sucking on it, all the while pushing the rubber band up it's length. I don't know if it was the gay film or the dirty talk but I was as horny as I had ever been in my life. I sucked that fake cock like it was a real one and tried to make love to it with my mouth. When it's big head hit the entrance to my throat, I relaxed my throat muscles and let it go right in. My lips pushed the rubber band against the base of her cock and I had taken all eight inches. I felt a real sense of accomplishment.
Lori squealed, "Good cocksucker. Suck that cock." If that gay guy was here, you would be sucking him off right now like a horny little school girl."
Secretly, I knew that she was right. Lori, true to her word, deep throated me that night but not before she had me promise her that we would share a real cock someday.
In the following days, all I could think about was what I had said. Did I really tell my wife that I would suck a real cock? The following Friday night Lori made it plain, we were playing the deepthroat game again. She asked me if I needed to get inspired and then put another gay DVD on.
"Take your clothes off John and don't you dare touch yourself during the video."
Lori strapped her big cock on and said, "I'm watching you honey and I'm going to see if I can tell what turns you on in this movie."
The first scene showed two men. One of the men got on his knees and crawled over to the other. He pulled the other's pants down to reveal a rather large penis. He started licking and sucking it. The tape showed the blowjob in close up and my mouth started to water. I was afraid of what Lori was going to say because, without my touching it, my cock became as hard as a pipe.
"Well look at you, she teased, what's getting you so excited? Are you imagining how good that blowjob would feel, or are you wishing you had that big pretty cock in your mouth so that you could suck it."
I was never so embarrassed in my life. Lori stood up and I crawled over to her.
"Look at my new cock," she said.
Lori was a different person and so was I. Our games had empowered her and she was truly in charge. I could see that her new cock was bigger.
She bragged, "This one is ten inches long and eight inches around. If you want any relief tonight, you will take this monster completely into your throat."
I started by licking it and getting it good and wet and I then took the big head into my mouth.
Lori gave me encouragement. "Take it all cocksucker or you are cut off from sucking cock and from coming."
I was as hot as I had ever been. The new prick was so large that I couldn't get the last two inches into my willing mouth.
Lori said, "Well cockmouth, this isn't working. Let's try something new."
She had me lay on my back with my head hanging over the side of the mattress on our four poster bed. Telling me she had to do it to get me to suckseed (her little joke), she proceeded to tie my arms and legs to the bed posts.
All the while, I was thinking, "where is she getting these ideas."
She put a blindfold over my eyes and said, "John, the position I've put you in is the best position for sucking a cock really deep."
Lori sucked my cock for about five minutes and had me squirming and ready for anything.
"Now John," she said, it would be a shame to waste all your training on rubber dicks. Remember the promise you made me? Beg me my Johnny! I want you to beg me for a real cock."
At that point I would have said anything, done anything.
I softly said, "Please let me."
Lori was on me in a flash. She demanded, "Please what? You better beg good if you know what's good for you."
"Please, can I suck a real cock," I said, this time louder, "I want to take a real cock in my mouth and lick it and suck it. Please let me deepthroat a big beautiful hard cock."
I could hear Lori moving towards my head. Suddenly, her cockhead pushed it's way into my mouth. Only, something was different. I knew right away that the prick in my mouth was a real one. I didn't know what to do. I decided it was best to act like I thought it was Lori. I created some suction and started swirling my tongue around the prick head. The spongy head was velvet soft and held a comforting warmth. It felt so much better than a dildo. The taste was pleasant and I found myself wanting more. The smell was different than pussy but good.
Just when I started getting into sucking it, the cock was pushed deeper into my mouth. I must have had three or four inches in my face when the fucking motion started.
I heard Lori say, "Oh John, suck that cock. I know you can deep throat this prick for me, please show me."
Beside myself with lust and need, I decided I was going to give the best blow job anyone had ever given. The big warm cock slid in and out of my mouth and with each thrust it went deeper. I realized that I was moaning and my sounds were being muffled by the man's dick.
Just as the cockhead reached the entrance to my throat, I felt Lori or somebody, take my cock into their mouth. The blow job I was getting caused me to try to push my face further onto the stranger's cock.
A short thrust and the dickhead pushed past resistance and into my throat. I could feel my lips touching the base of his prick and I felt a funny sense of pride for taking the whole thing. His big hairy balls rested on my blindfold and nose for a second and than he began to fuck my throat.
I lost myself in the act of sucking and I couldn't get over how hot and horny it was making me. I didn't want it to end. The strange man began fucking my mouth like a pussy. His big prick slid in and out of my throat with no resistance. I stuck my tongue out and licked his balls on every in stroke. I didn't want it to end.
Just then the cock was withdrawn from my mouth and I heard my wife ask, "Honey, beg me for his load and I will deepthroat you anytime you want."
I begged her, "Please, tell him to bring his big dick back."
"I want to lick it all over and suck it until he comes."
"I'll swallow every drop and lick it clean". "I wan't his cock back in my throat."
After about thirty deep strokes into my mouth, the strange man shot spurt after spurt of come onto the roof of my mouth and I managed to drink every drop.
At the same time, I had the greatest orgasm of my life as Lori's throat massaged my own dick.
When Lori removed the blindfold and untied me, we were alone. Later that night, she crawled over to me and opened my fly. With one gulp, she took my member to the root.
Looking up at me with mischievous eyes, she told me, "I love deep-throating your cock; and to think, I owe it all to you because you proved to me that it could be done."