This site contains fictional stories with explicit descriptions of sexual activities, and not suitable for minors or prudes. If you are under 18 year of age, do not enter this site as it is illegal for you to do so and you are not welcome here. Also if you are offended by sexually explicit stories, do not enter this site, as I do not wish to offend your sensibilities. Having said that, by entering this site you are representing that you are at least 18 years old and do so of your own free will and are not offended in any way by sexually explicit stories. The stories are fictional and any resemblance to actual people or other entities is purely coincidental. =======================================================

Your wife, I said.  What, he screamed back at me, you stupid fucker, go to hell.  Okay, but when I do Im going to be taking the 2 of you with me, I replied.  Just think, I said, the world sees the lady, certainly something the family will talk about for years.

You wouldnt, he said.  Try me, I replied.  Doesnt matter to me, I continued, Im just a nobody whos gone to hell, so what the heck, I dont care.  

Please cant we work something out, he begged.  Sure, I said, you bring me your wife to do with as I choose, and if she does well, weve worked things out.  If not, or if she causes any problem, well then were back to square one, arent we?

But, were, shes not a kid anymore.  Weve got kids older than she was when this happened, he said.  Well, you had more than enough time to destroy the evidence, and since you didnt, well tough luck, I said.  

What will you do to her, he asked.  Humiliate her, fuck her, enjoy her, I replied.  You wont hurt or scar her will you?   Good heaven no, I said.  Matter of fact when you get her back, she might be better than when she left, I said.

Please, he said, listen to me.  How about I, or better yet you find someone, and whatever it costs, Ill pay for it, my treat.  And besides, he continued, then youll have your choice of  But.   I held up my hand stopping him in mid sentence.  No deal, I said, but if you want to sweeten things so I dont focus 100% on her, you bring along another lady as well.

I, he began, but his voice trailed off.   Ill get back to you and he turned and left.  His name is Jeff Turner and his wife is Alice.  Apparently years ago he made an XXX video of Alice and somehow it got tossed into the trash.

When I walked by the trash can I noticed the reel of film.  Yes, reel, it was long before digital, and having a projector I took it back to my place to look at.  Now it wasnt so much that they wanted it back, as they didnt want me to take the content and show the family or distribute it.  

Interesting thing is that when they tossed it into the trash, they gave up their rights to it.

Now Alice Turner, was quite a woman.  Very very easy on the eyes, even today for a woman in her 50s.  When Ive seen her out and about, she is always well groomed, and carried herself like a true lady.  She is tall, has a nice rack and a overall figure that other women were probably green with envy over.  Also, after seeing her in action on the old film, wow is to put it mildly.

Two days later the phone rang and Jeff Turner after saying hello asked if I would speak with Alice.  Sure, was my response, why not.

Hello the voice said, I understand that you have something of mine or ours.  Well not exactly, I replied.  I found something on the street in a trash bid, so it no longer belongs to you.  Well, it was thrown out in error, and Id like to have it back if you dont mind, said the voice.

Im afraid Im not interested in giving up my ownership, I said.  I see, and from what my husband tells me, you are planning on capitalizing on this as well.   Yes, that is, unless you and I can come to terms, I replied.

And those terms are?  Just as I discussed with Jeff, I said.  And, if I dont agree, questioned the voice.  Your decision, and I can only respect it, I said.  But then you will proceed with your marketing plans, is that not correct.   Yes, true, I said.   But, if I should agree to your suggestion, what guarantee do I have that this will be all there is?

None, I said, youre just going to have to trust me with either decision you make.  I see, but you realize that Im not exactly the person you seem to think I am based on what youve seen, said Alice.   Weve all changed over time, I replied, however, should you accept my offer, then Ill expect you to follow my direction without any reservation.  And, if I dont, she asked?   Then were right where we are at now, except that Ill begin my marketing plan, so what do you say, yes or no?

I have no good choice, do I, asked the voice over the phone?  I think you have a good choice or a bad choice, just depends on your point of view.  And, if I agree, how long will this take?  I dont have a time schedule, I said, so what will it be?  

Very well, I agree.  When and where?  Ill make some arrangements and let your husband know later on, I said before hanging up the phone.

I was betting on success, so it didnt take long for me to generate a note with some instructions for the Turners to follow.  I then called for a courier to deliver the note and sat back and waited.  The following afternoon at 3:00 PM the doorbell rang and there stood Mr & Mrs. Turner.  

Please, I said, opening the door wide and inviting them in.  Alice looked around and I reached for a file folder which I gave to Mr. Turner.  Please read this to yourself and sign and date the document.   Turner read the document, then looked at Alice, then me before signing and dating it and returning it to me.
Like a few moments, I asked.  No, no that wont be necessary, Turner said.  He then turned to his wife saying I love you and left.

You look very pretty, I said. Thank you, Alice replied.  What did Jeff sign, she asked.  This, I asked, holding up the file folder?  Yes, please tell me or let me read it, she said.  

Jeff acknowledges giving you to me and understands and accepts that you will have sex   while away from him.  I in turn pledge that if I am satisfied, then I will do nothing further with the property that I own and have in my possession.  

I see, said Alice, so do you want me to go to the bedroom now, she asked?   No, but please change your attitude, I said.  Ill try, but understand that this is more than unusual for me, Alice replied.

Seems like your tits are larger, I said catching her off guard.  Yes, Ive filled out some, she replied.  What size are you now, I asked.  38D was her reply.  Your pussy shaved, I asked.  What?  Is your pussy shaved, I asked again.  You mean, she began, then continued answering No.  Would you like a man or a woman to shave it for you, I asked without missing a beat?

What?  Ill ask you one more time, I said.  Would you like a man or a woman to shave your pussy for you?  A woman?  No, was Alices reply.  Very well, I said, then added, why dont you look around, if youd like and make yourself at home.

Alice took me upon my invitation and started to look around the room, then wandered into another and shortly returned to where I was seated.  Have a seat, I said, motioning her to the sofa.

So, do you like to fuck, I asked.  Please, she said, cant we be a little more polite?  No, sorry, were here for the very basics plus my pleasure, I reminder her.   So, what is the answer, I asked.  Yes, I suppose so, she replied.  Good, I said, adding, now that wasnt so difficult now was it.

So tell me about yourself, I said. What would you like to know, Alice asked?  Children?  I have three, all grown and on their own.  They married, I asked?  Two girls are, she replied.   Sons in law ever. . . Good heavens NO, Alice almost screamed.  Okay, but let me ask you an honest question, I continued.  If they would never know it was you, think youd like to fuck them, I asked.   Well that isnt going to happen now, is it, replied Alice.  Could, I said.  Might get you in a totally black room and let them in to feel their way around.

In the meantime though, I said, lets continue with our little talk.  How tall are you, I asked?  56 and I wear a size 8 dress, a size 9 shoe, a size 7 panty and measure 38D-30-38.  Any more questions, asked Alice?   Just a few, I said.  Anal?  You mean, oh no, was her firm reply.

And earlier when I mentioned a woman, your reply was, well different, so Im wondering if youve ever been with a woman, and please be honest, I said.  Long before I was married and in college, a girl down the hall and I got drunk one evening and, well nothing ever happened after that, I assure you.

Very well, if you say so, I said.  Now, what I want you to do is stand up and tell me about what you are wearing and what Im seeing.  Then I want you to remove something, tell me about what you are doing, and then again what Im seeing.  If youre doing okay, then Ill just be quiet.  However, if I think you can do better, or Id like something, then Ill ask.  Okay, any questions?

No, said Alice adding, guess I sort of expected this as she stood up.   Im sort of nervous, so please forgive me, she began.  As you can see, and as you asked, Im wearing a skirt and blouse and oh heels, she began.

Turn around, I said.  Alice turned around saying nothing.  Now bend over.  Thats nice, I said.  Now face me, I continued.  Alice stood and turned once again.  Now bend over again so maybe I can see down your blouse, I said.  

Now this is what I want you to do each time something changes, I said.  This okay, asked Alice, her neck straining to look up towards me.  Yes, its a good beginning, I said, now lets proceed.

This is a little embrassing, said Alice, as she reached for the top button on the blouse.  I didnt say a word, but allowed her to continue.  So, now Im undoing my blouse she said.  As you can see I have on a bra underneath the blouse.  Im now going to take off the blouse.  Alice then pulled the blouse open and slipped it from her shoulders, down her arms and off.

Without speaking, she turned around, bent over, the stood upright, turned to face me and once again bent over allowing me to see her hanging globes within her bra.  Lets try this again, I said, now stand up.  

What am I looking at, I asked.  My bra.  And what does it do.  Holds my breasts.  And?  And what, asked Alice.  And what else, I asked.  I guess you can see my bare . . .and her voice trailed off.  Turn around, I said.  What am I seeing, I asked?   My back, she asked?  Yes, but also the hooks for your bra.  Do you understand what I expect, I asked?  Yes, I think so, said Alice.  Also, I added, I want you to get a little more earthy, no breasts, tits or boobs instead and you also have a pussy and an ass.  Be the slut that I know you can be, I said.  Now lets do this again.

Alice turned around and faced me, slowly looked down at herself and began.  Now you can see me in my bra and how it holds and shapes by boobs.  As you can see the bra is smooth, so it covers and hides my nipples so youll just have to wait to see and enjoy them.   When I turn sideways though you can see how they stick out and now Im going to bend over so you can also see how they hang down and fill the cup.  I hope youll be pleased with me.

Now Im going to turn around and you can watch me unzip my skirt or look at the few hooks that hold my bra in place.  There, its unzipped.  Can you see the top of my panties?   

Now Im sliding the skirt down and you can see how my panties cover my ass and watch me as I step out of the skirt.  There, now hows this, asked Alice as she turned around and faced me?   Like my undies, she asked, then immediately said now Im reaching behind my back so I can unhook my bra.

Now would you like me to take it off or would you, she asked?   You do it, I said and with that Alice reached for a strap and pulled it from her shoulder.   As the cup fell away, she said, now you can see my nipple and pulling the bra again added, now the other.  So, do you like my tits, she asked?   Yes, I said, asking, you like them played with?  Yes, she replied.

Continue, I said.

Alice, paused and then with some reluctance reached for the waist band of her panties and in an instant they were down around her ankles, where she carefully stepped out of them.

Come here I said, I want to see that cute slit up close and personal.   



