The night had innocently begun like every other random night. Deep in the heart of Babylon’s dance floor stood two familiar figures, mere inches apart. The music pumping, bodies swaying and gyrating as the wave of beats interlocked to form a circle of safety about the duo in question.

Many were curious, like always. Would this particular night be The One?

Years of pent-up sexual tension not only became unbearable for the parties involved, but for their faithful audience surrounding them. Even with the knowledge that both were possibly taken did not discourage the inkling there was something more there, between the men that had never been further explored.

Mutual smirks in place, both men advanced toward each other to the rhythm.

Every so often, the shorter of the two... the raven-haired cutie... would pause in mid-step. Placing one foot forward, like a jungle cat on the prowl, he’d slowly raise his arms over his head. The offer of his body clearly given as his pelvis thrust in invitation to his partner’s venture over. His soft cotton t-shirt drawing up from his jean's hem, leaving enough bare flesh to tantalize the hazel eyes admiring.

The response would be the same... an unnatural, hearty laugh that would transform the gorgeous face of the honey-haired man into one of pure bliss. Then those beautiful features would grow serious, the face turning blank with want, the hands extended to draw in the delicate waist of his tiny companion. His tapered fingers trailing up the pliable skin, beneath the t-shirt, tugging from the inside, jerking the body to his body.

Diving in for a kiss, mouth open for hard contact... the raven-haired man would stop the tease with a shaking hand over pursed lips. A light giggle would sound as the head turned away to block the slow approach.

The honey-haired man would take advantage of being shown the pale expanse of fair skin, along the slim neck, or collarbone, suckling at the salt-tinged flesh. He nuzzled the dark sweaty patch of hair at the nape, lapping and licking to simply tickle and tease.

They seemed close... but for them, not close enough...

The music changed, the beat feral and haunting... like a human in the throes of ecstasy.

Forehead meshed with temple... sweat mingled upon heated skin... and breathes were held, but blown out in anticipation of what could come next. Each man forced a knee between the others' thighs.

The raven-haired man lifted his arms to surround them about his partner’s supple neck, dangling his fingers down to play with the slope of the cotton tank-T sticking to the sinewy frame. He played with the moist locks of the blunt-cut hair resting along the back of the collar.

The honey-haired man savored the exchange like a life force that gave him inner strength. His hands about his partner’s waist tucked under thin material, rising to form along lean muscle and sink down to hibernate under the elastic waistband of tight underwear. He knew where to stop, just enough to get his partner hot and bothered, massaging certain areas of skin and bone to make the lips near his ear moan out a buried desire.

The honey-haired man dipped his head to speak mysterious words into the small ear. His face nudging while talking, his eyes shut in simple pleasure of warm touch. He requested something of his partner, because no sooner than he drew back, the raven-haired man’s eyebrow raised in easy humor, another smirk over his lips.

One hand removed from the neck as he let it disappear in between their interlocked bodies. Feeling adventurous, the fingertips went on their own trail, playing and tickling the sensitive area he was being told to explore.

The honey-haired man nearly went into orgasmic release as his partner’s hand returned into the air. Swinging from his fingers was a tiny plastic Ziplock baggie, which inside held two pills.

The raven-haired man never removed his eyes from the penetrating gaze of his partner.

The baggie was quickly opened, both pills taken by one man.

The empty baggie in hand, the raven-haired man reserved himself for the ravage he’d soon receive to share in the second pill on his partner’s tongue.

The kiss was taken roughly, like always. The tongue diving in first before mouths even met. The moment was suspended as the men waited to be certain the other swallowed the pill. Their breaking apart was slow to flourish, neither seeming to want to move. Their breathes blended, their torsos aligned to match, bellies squished as abdomens pumped in heavy motion.

Most people wished they’d take the act into privacy, so they could take the moment one step further... but something always brought them back to reality. Their privacy could always be found in each other’s arms, even in mixed company.

Once they realized the song was ending, blending into another fast-paced beat, the honey-haired man secured his own arm about the raven-haired man’s neck, pulling him close to his side to one-arm hug as he pressed a series of chaste kisses to the fair skin and stepped back.

The raven-haired man was quick to snatch a hand, grabbing for loosening fingers.

Their eyes spoke more than their lips could.

A young blond man bumped into the honey-haired man... and the bond seemed to have cooled and dissolved into thin air.

Chocolate eyes stared bittersweetly into hazel ones as they drifted apart amongst the dancing boys surrounding them.

The young blond man stole away the honey-haired man and dragged him beyond the crowds of naked flesh, leaving the raven-haired man staring after them, his head hung in silent misery, possible self-torture.

The stranger gazed intently onto the erotic scene, having transpired before him. He watched it turn into one of aching loss, making him swivel back to face his quiet, contemplative companion.

“God damn... that was hot...” Rubbing his abdomen, the man tried to level his breathing back to normal. He needed something cold on his throat or thrown in his face.

“Huh?” Benjamin Bruckner pushed up his wire-rimmed glasses as he pulled out a huge bill to cover the bar tab. His head slightly acknowledged the couple on the dance floor everyones' gazes seemed to be glued to. “Oh, yeah... isn’t it though?” He frowned as he picked up the neck of his sweating water bottle, taking a long drawn out swig. He passed the bottle of beer to his friend.

Lukas Harrison stared aghast at his old college buddy. “Jamie... what the hell is wrong with you?”

The raven-haired man was slowly making his way closer to the bar.

Lukas slapped at Ben’s dangling arm.

Ben glanced oddly at his best friend. “What?”

“He’s com-...” Lukas swallowed his own words on the slurp of alcohol. “... he's here...”

Michael sank into Ben’s offered open arm, dipping his sweaty forehead into the familiar neck and collarbone. “Hi, sweetie.” His lips kissed the sensitive spot of a pulsing vein under lightly tanned skin.

Lukas was bewildered and in complete awe. “What... the fuck... Bruckner?”

Ben smirked, liking the fact that he could one-up Lukas who always tried to shock him all too often. “Lukas Harrison... meet Michael Novotny.” He smiled mischievously toward Lukas, hoping he had given him cause to be shocked.

“The boyfriend?” Lukas supplied with wide eyes of wonder and enlightenment. He had to laugh. For once, Ben was impressing him to no end. Holding out a hand, he dipped slightly to Michael. “Nice to meet you. I’ve heard so much about you.”

Michael hung off Ben, his eyes squinting toward the gorgeous sandy-haired man. “I’d say likewise... but I’m not so sure at this moment.” He took the hand, noticing how strong the shake was. It almost hurt.

Ben chuckled, turning his head and tucking Michael into his side. He pressed a soft kiss to Michael’s temple, bending low to speak softly into the shell of an ear. “Babe... this is Luke... I’ve talked about him a few times, but not lately...”

“Oh...” Michael nodded his head in simple understanding. “Can we go home soon?” He made a face like he was not feeling up to lasting the rest of the night at Babylon. “I don’t think I’m feeling very well.”

Ben made a pinched face, moving a hand to raise Michael’s eye lid to peer at the pupil. It was beginning to dilate. “And I can probably guess why?” He shook his head. “I wish you hadn’t swallowed it, Michael. Leave it to Brian to get you all riled up and ME having to pick you up when you fall to pieces.”

“Hey... you’ve never complained before.” Michael pouted like only he could.

Lukas secretly viewed the interplay between Ben and Michael. He wondered how old the dark-haired man was. He seemed much younger than Ben, who was acting like the proper “father-figure” type. It wasn’t Ben’s usual dynamic in a relationship. In fact, Lukas recalled the days when Ben would have naive, innocent boys like Michael for breakfast, lunch and dinner. What... was going on?

Michael lowered his head to fit into Ben's neck, inhaling his musky scent and falling softly into the muscular body. "I gotta go to the little boy's room." He lifted hazy chocolate eyes toward Ben's steel gaze. "We leave when I come back?"

Ben couldn't respond, because he knew that if he was alone with Michael for any length of time and STILL hadn't told him his news, then he was a bad boyfriend. Not to mention the guilt he would feel after their intense sexual encounter. Yeah, because when Michael was high, though he was sleepy, he was energetic. Ben was in for a solid night of fucking his boyfriend. He wasn't looking forward to the moments alone only because he had to concentrate on his own problem. "Sure." He pressed a chaste kiss to moist lips, drawing away, leaving Michael's lips pursed in the air. He patted the rounded backside and sent Michael on his way toward the restrooms.

Michael frowned only a little bit, then smiled sweetly as he trudged through the throngs of male flesh to find the bathroom.

"Jesus Christ, how can you look so disappointed? You have that to bring home to your bed. You look about as depressed as someone who doesn't have guaranteed sex walking home with them." Lukas shook his head in utter perplexity.

Ben crossed his beefy arms over his mid-torso, eyes drawn toward the back room. His eyes alight for someone else.

"Hey... Jamie..." Lukas waved a hand in front of Ben's glasses. "... you still there?"

"Wha-?" Ben turned back to face his best friend. "Yes... uh, yes of course. I'm very happy with Michael."

"That's not the answer I need." Lukas could see the tension in Ben's biceps. It was like he was intent on moving away from the bar, neglecting his own boyfriend. "Uh... wait... have you even discussed this with Michael, yet?"

"No... he doesn't even know why I have to do this paper. Much less why I approached Brian."

"Why does he need to know you've already talked to Brian? Just bring it up in conversation."

"Really?" Ben swiveled to face Lukas, head on. "How does this sound to you... 'Hey, Michael, by the way, for three months now, I've been shadowing your best friend (Liberty Avenue's most prestigious manwhore). I've documented every conquest who will fess up. Every twink, every piece of flesh that wasn't Justin. I even started filming them. Oh... and I pay those many fuckmates for a measly interview.'... uhm, how does that grab you, Luke?"

Lukas bit his top lip. "Sounds great to me. Though I'm made of kinkier mettle."

"I don't know why I agreed to do this." Ben shook his head, wiping away the sweat from his upper lip, then swinging his hand around to his nape.

"Well, because deep down, no matter how Zen and calm you make yourself out to be, you're about as perverted and raunchy as any gay guy in this joint. Plus... you know you're curious. Watching that display on the dance floor, you act all nonchalant, but I can see the fire burning in your mind. You hate the 'hold' Kinney still has on Michael. Why else would you want to know every single damn detail about his sexual activities?"

"Curious to what? How my boyfriend may or may not cheat on me?" Ben shook his head, taking a sip from his water bottle. "I might lose my job over this paper, Luke. You know I don't shit around when it comes to my money situation. I fuck around with my health benefits, I'm screwed for sure."

"If what I can see between those two, with my own eyes, doesn't frustrate you on a daily basis, then you're more of an idiot than I thought. You'd be foolish to let this opportunity pass. Dad knows you can do this, and do it well, I might add. Besides, what are you so worried about? Is it really cheating on you if they only take it so far... but never consummate sex?"

Ben sighed, shaking his head as he played with his bottle label. "I'd rather they did. Or have done already. To get this... mess out of their system."

"Do you have some inkling Michael fantasizes about Brian when he's with you?"

"Nights like tonight? Yes, for sure. When he hasn't been with Brian for a few days, it's a sure thing he's focused on me. Others... well... I suppose it doesn't help that I've been with Brian." Ben rubbed at an aching part of his chest, more like acid burn than heartache.

Lukas looked stunned, bottle at his lips. "Uh... you want to run that by me again?"

"Too long of a story. Short version... Miami, White Party, two years ago. Some of The Best sex I've had in years, before I got sick. Went a little rough. Some bondage. He made me cum, like, multiple times. Never lost his hard-on. He just... he kept going and I couldn't stop wanting him to fuck me harder and harder each time." Ben wasn't sure why he hated the fact Brian Kinney had imprinted himself so savagely on his mind. He hadn't really known Brian's name, to think he'd held that experience up to all others. Was he just as susceptible to Brian's charms as Michael had always been?

Lukas looked Ben's body-build up and down, admiring the muscular frame. Brian Kinney wasn't too much bigger than Ben, maybe taller or the same height. The compare and contrast of two Alpha-males going at one another left his imagination whirring. "What gave you the idea I wouldn't like the story?"

"Luke... I have to be objective about this thesis or it ruins itself. That's how these papers work."

"Paper? Sheesh... nah, I know you too well, Jamie. How many pages have you written already?"

"Short of forty-five?" Ben blinked, glancing over at his best friend.

"Handwritten? Long-hand with your trusty Ticonderoga Number #2s?" Lukas new his old roommate all too well.

Ben smirked, knowing his best friend had him pegged perfectly. "Almost 300pgs."

"Holy shit!!"

"It's not all in one book, mind you. I started writing the paper, but then..."

"Then what...?"

"I don't know. I decided to take all those interviews and my own experiences, particularly the one moment with Brian, and compile them into these fake quasi-journals."

"Jamie, did you actually project yourself into another character? You... dare I say it... used your imagination? Basing it on some truth?"

"I know... I know..." Ben shut his eyes tightly. "I've ridiculed Michael for this plenty of times, when he was working on RAGE." He reopened his eyes to stare over Lukas' shoulder. "I had no idea what he meant when he said 'inside imagination lies some truth'. I used to think he was placating me to stop pestering him, but... god damn, if he wasn't spot on."

"Jamie, you write Fiction. Albeit some of the more drone and dry pieces of General Fiction I've ever read, but..." Lukas clapped a hand on Ben's shoulder, shaking him.

"Thanks." Ben rolled his eyes, knowing Lukas loved to bust his balls every once and awhile. It's what made them fast friends in college, knocking one another off their pedestals.

"Look, man, I know what you're capable of writing. I know what you love to consume, as well. Sometimes publishers can't find markets to sell what we love to write. It's not a popular choice. You have to think about what people want most, cater to your audience. Give into your fears. Maybe your next bestseller is just around the corner."

"But... at the cost of my job or my boyfriend?"

"I don't have THAT answer, Ben. What I DO know is... it's a risk worth taking."

"Brian was receptive at first, but he backed out early on. I couldn't NOT do the paper with what I already had. Plus I wasn't allowed to change topics so late in the game. I've had to skirt around Brian, interviewing and filming the men without him knowing. I think he wasn't sure Michael would like what he was doing for me."

"Why?"

"He's afraid of what will happen when Michael finds out."

"Why would he care what Michael thinks? It's HIS life."

"Because despite everything he says or claims out loud... deep down he loves Michael and cares about what he thinks of him. Michael's very protective of Brian, as Brian is ultra-protective of Michael."

"Ahhhh... the Unofficial Boyfriend Patrol Officer?"

"Yeah... pretty much." Ben chuckled deeply, his eyes veering off to see Brian strut out of the back room. Justin flew off in another direction, satisfied smile on his features. Brian quickly found himself another warm body to dance with, his hazel eyes darting about the dance floor. His gaze bored, uninterested in anything to do with the group of men surrounding him. He was searching for one particular face in the crowd. He couldn't find the particular dark hair he was looking for. "Brian likes to act as if he doesn't care one iota, but I know what will happen the minute I disappear..."

"Michael would run directly into Brian's arms." Lukas followed Ben's own eyes, watching Brian work miracles on the sweaty male bodies attempting to gain his attention.

"No. Brian would run into Michael's." Ben seriously never tired of watching Brian like this, because he knew it wasn't real. Tended to look more like Brian was an actor "putting on a show". It was when Michael was in his arms that Ben got scared. Those moments were all too real for him to swallow.

"Could be a mutual thing."

"Yeah, but... I've been able to see inside the mind and body of Brian Kinney. Both personally and through the interviews with other men. He's different with Michael. And from my own life, I can tell Michael is different around Brian."

"Christ... I don't envy you in the least." Lukas had to glance away or get jealous of Ben's position. He didn't know why his old friend wasn't using this scenario to his advantage. Brian Kinney was a sexual predator, who had a cute friend... who was Ben's boyfriend... perfect equation for a threesome. Damn, but then he remembered Ben had something else in his life that prevented him from playing around like he used to. He hated thinking Ben was sick, sick like some of their other gay friends. Ben still looked so

god-damn healthy and gorgeous.

"I guess it'll be okay." Ben shrugged one shoulder, only half confidant in that admission. “Once Michael knows the real deal."

"You gonna tell him soon?"

"Gonna tell who... what soon?" Michael giggled, sliding up under Ben's arm.

Ben and Lukas were startled into joining in with their own pinched laughter. They weren't sure how much of their conversation Michael had heard.

"You all right now?" Ben stared down at Michael's flushed, peaked face.

"Yeah... took a whiz, threw some cold water on my face... sat down, somewhere, could have been a man's lap... but I did those deep breathing exercises you taught me. I'm feeling a little like I caught my second wind. So... uh, maybe we can stay for another dance or two." Michael smiled mischievously, he winked over at Lukas. "Care to share some floor space with me, Mr. Harrison?" He demurely stepped from under Ben's arm to sidled up to Lukas' chest. He touched the silky shirt that billowed over the long muscled torso. He was fascinated by the dirty blond curls on the man's head. So sexy... he loved curls. The hand on Lukas' chest moved up to sift through the beach-blond locks. "Pardon me... it was tempting... and I'm kind of high."

Lukas had never been attacked by a man like Michael. They usually tended to be shy and introvert. He really didn't mind the touching, it was the fingers in the hair that got his blood moving, his dick hard. Ah... okay... now he could see what Ben saw. Damn... did Michael look good enough to eat. He licked his dry lips, sucking on his bottom one. "I, uh... have two left feet..." He generally liked to be the one dominant in the "prowling" department. Michael didn't seem to fit the profile, but he was sure working hard at proving Lukas wrong.

Michael chuckled, grabbing onto Lukas' long arm to hold to his chest. "This music has fast tempo coming out its ass. You don't have to be Fred Astaire to make an impression. Sometimes..." He dragged Lukas in by both hands, spinning around to align his butt to Lukas' front zipper of his tan trousers. The simple move made it appear as if Lukas had his arms wrapped around Michael's waist. Michael still held Lukas' fingers in his grasp. He rolled his hips backward, brushing up against Lukas' groin. "... all it takes is one little motion to get you going."

Lukas shut his eyes in perfect bliss. He turned back to see Ben laughing hysterically, so he gave him a "finger" of appreciation. "So... how long have you been dating Ben?"

"Oh... seems like a year, but it's only been a few months. You two been friends long?" Michael was trying to mull over the information he could reach in his head. If he'd already been told any of this about Lukas.

"Since freshman year of college. He thought I was a slacker/bum, I thought he was an arrogant slut." Lukas tipped his head to hit the side of Michael's dark raven hair, his bristly cheek brushing over the soft, pale skin. Michael smelled incredible.

Michael spun back around to face Lukas, he was no longer being held by the lengthy arms. "You surf?" He draped his body over the sinewy frame enough to almost lead in the dancing. When he swayed, Lukas moved, as well.

"How'd you guess." Lukas met his palms at the small of Michael's back, wanting to conform about the perfect globes he'd been admiring under the tight jeans.

"Your hair is... not quite bottle blond, more like tinted-by-the-sun. And your tan is flawless. You have an 'air' about you that speaks of beach, sand, surf... sorry..." Michael lowered his head in embarrassment, his chin hitting fluffy chest hair.

Lukas was instantly touched by Michael's adorable blush. He reached out a hand to lift the sagging chin. "Hey... hey... it's all cool, man. I live off the beach. Actually Miami... but I go to Hawaii as often as I can, too."

"Ever been out of the country?"

"No... why?" Lukas lifted a blond eyebrow in interest.

"I had a guy tell me once that the beaches in Australia were better than Hawaii. I think he really liked the men out there more... with their 'G-day, mate' accents."

Lukas laughed so hard he had stopped swaying with Michael's body and simply held his stomach. "You are hilarious, Michael." His sharp green eyes glanced once over Michael's shoulder. He was smiling slyly into Michael's deep brown eyes. "Should I warn you... your... uh, friend is heading for us...?"

Michael furrowed his brow in confusion, but then it wasn't too long before his body was surrounded by familiar willowy arms. One hand slipping down to rub over his crotch, then back up under his t-shirt to smooth over a bare midriff.

Lukas felt Michael's fingers tighten on his hands, like he was slowly drowning. Holy Shit! Up close... this coupling was near deadly... fuck...

Brian sank his face into Michael's neck, Michael closed his eyes in pleasure. He rocked back to punctuate the beats of the music with the feelings coursing through his body when Brian touched him... caressed him.

"Who's your new friend... Mikey?" Hazel eyes ran up the man's lithe body to end up at his curly blond locks. Brian's cheek rested on Michael's dark hair. He slowly put out a hand to break the connection between Michael and the strange man. Michael certainly had good taste in blonds. Brian sent Michael's free hand to clamp on his thigh.

Lukas held in his smirk. He knew what was happening. Classic jealous boyfriend move. So he thought to play a little game, as well. With his one hand still in Michael's grip, he swooped in and tucked his arm around Michael's mid-torso, coming around the back. This action caused him to scrape across Brian's chest. They were both towering over Michael's dark head, hazel eyes met fierce green. One high, one fairly sober. "Lukas Harrison... and you are?" He played as if he wasn't impressed in the least.

"Brian Kinney." Brian blinked his eyes languidly, watching this man with a merciless protective streak.

"Hmmmm... never heard of you..."

In between their mushed bodies, they heard a tiny giggle. Michael bent forward resting his face on Lukas' shirt. The silk felt cool against his hot face. His body was still in contact with Brian's lower torso and groin. "Sorry... it was funny..." His hand on Brian's thigh reached around to pat one half of the tight rear.

Lukas and Brian weren't really wrestling over Michael, but it was clear one wasn't going to give up for the other. It would have to be Michael's decision.

Reaching up on tippy-toes, Michael nudge his cheek with Lukas' stubble. "You dance fine, Mr. Harrison." He pouted and waved as Brian was able to shuffle them further into the waves of dancing, half-naked men. "I hope we'll see one another again. Save one more dance for me, huh?" After that... Michael was flipped around in Brian's arms and literally consumed by his best friend's embrace.

Lukas stood on the edge of the dance floor a little perturbed, but yet intrigued indeed. Jesus Christ... he couldn't fathom why Ben had put up with that shit for so long. He walked back to the bar. His cock was literally throbbing, but more for the He-Man Tug-Of-War over possession of Michael's time. He looked at Ben, who was staring at him. "How. The. Ever-lovin'-Fuck?"

"I know. It's certainly maddening, isn't it?"

"YOU... are a stronger man than I once believed." Lukas wrapped an arm around Ben's neck. "Tell me... is there anything I can do to help you?"

"I think I can sink my relationship on my own, Luke... but thanks." Ben leaned over to press a chaste kiss to the rough stubble.

Lukas took a drink of his beer, shaking his head. "Nah, man. Is there anything I can do to soften the blow that might occur when you finally DO tell Michael the bad... and then the even-worse news? He's a great guy, Jamie. I can see why you're hooked. By those few minutes I had with him on the floor, before the Kinney wave hit me. I'm serious, man... anything..."

Ben's eyes darted over Lukas' face, knowing that at one time he had crushed on his best friend. Often fantasizing about him late at night in their dorm room. He didn't know why he hadn't pursued Lukas; he was an extremely attractive man. Maybe it had something to do with Lukas' father being one of his mentors. Maybe it was not wanting to ruin a great friendship with a cool guy to hang out with. The only thing he did know was that Lukas never treated him the way Brian treated Michael. In fact, Ben didn't really know the type of guys Lukas was attracted to. They were both gay, but he wasn't sure what or who made Lukas quiver under his skin. Because... it sure wasn't him.

"I know... I know... I'll ask you when I need you. Is that good enough?"

Lukas nodded, patting Ben on the back, then rubbing the hunched shoulders. "Look, uh... I'm a little bit on the horny side right now." He bent low to Ben's ear. "Would you mind very much if I ditched you for, like, ten minutes?"

"That quick?"

"Jamie... you ain't lying. Those two... were po-tent. I'm like... hard as a fuckin' rock in my chinos. Alls I need is a quick suck... that's it. Nothing special."

Ben rolled his eyes. He'd heard that excuse plenty of times. A "quick suck" for Lukas would sometimes turn into a four hour orgy. But he had to admit... watching Brian and Michael, like this, did tend to leave him very, very stiff and unsatisfied. He wished he could join his friend like the old days. "It's a free country and I seem to be waiting for someone else to return to my side, as well. If we end up leaving... I'll call you on your cell phone."

"Don't wait on account of me. If you leave, I can always take a taxi back to your place." Lukas took out his car keys. "Take 'em now. You're the designated driver of the night." He sweetly petted and kissed Ben on the lips. "Don't worry so much. Maybe this won't be as terrible as you think." He was trying to mash away Ben's frown lines on his forehead. "I know a guy who can do some Botox injections."

Ben playfully pushed Lukas away from him. "Get out of here already. Before your hard-on turns off."

Lukas chuckled deeply, then slipped on by Ben, brushing along his back. "I wish you were coming with, Jamie..." His groin bumped Ben's ass by accident, being jostled by some young men approaching the bar.

Ben couldn't help following the blond curls as the green eyes left his face, searching over each young man jostling against Lukas along the way. Ben didn't know who to miss or get pissed over more for. He chose simply to turn around and face the bartender, watch other less interesting, mind-boggling patrons.

~~TBC...