In my childhood my urge was to kiss and suck the lips of a girl. In
my early teens, I had strong urges to suck and squeeze a lady's
boobs. I imagined mostly sucking one boob while squeezing the other.
I had fantasised doing this with some of my lady class-teachers who
had big boobs. They were mostly married and in their late twenties.
While sleeping, sometimes I made two corners of my rectangular
cotton pillow into the shape of boobs and I sucked one squeezing the
other. It is funny but one can easily make the corner of such a
pillow into any shape or size of boobs. Whenever I found a lady
breast-feeding her baby, I peeped to look at her breasts as much
remained exposed and imagined myself sucking her boob. From my late
teens I had excessive urge to fuck. Now it is queer, but I wonder
why my mind is bent on taking up nymphomaniacs. Rather, I wanted to
accept challenges of an insatiable woman who could not attain orgasm
or one who could not derive cent percent sexual pleasures and
enjoyment from her husband for any reason. I know this is a weird
and strange idea. Somehow or the other, my main urge is to do oral
sex to a lady for longer time (kissing, licking, sucking her pussy
and gulping her oozing juice). Another strange aspect is I fantasize
doing this to ladies who are more built than me, I mean a little
more fat and fleshy.

The incidents in my life might not be unique but very strange ones.
I am going to describe below one of such rarest you might have heard
of.

Once, on a hot summer noon, walking along the narrow way between
paddy fields measuring nearly two square-kilometers in my native
place, I saw a young tribal agricultural labour lady taking bath in
a pond in the midst of paddy-fields. Normally, such tribal women in
the labour-class are fearless and do not maintain any shame or
shyness or inhibitions. It is also true the landlords used to fuck
them often in their barns (a farm building to store grains,
livestock, etc). She must have known nobody can see her unless came
near the pond because of high growth of paddy plants covering the
entire pond.

While I saw her, she was in knee-deep water wearing white bras which
was wet and unhooked and a single-layer white dhoti which became see-
through being wet. She might have thought nobody would come around
to the pond at that hour. She was not fair but not very dark also.
She could not notice my approaching as she was soaping her face with
eyes closed. She might be around 28 years in age. I could not guess
if she was married or not as tribal class girls married in late
twenties.

The mere sight of her big boobs covering her entire bosom made my
eyes pop out. My mouth turned dry when I watched her big boobs
dancing and bouncing to the movements of her hands soaping her face
up and down and in circular motions. I felt her boobs inviting and
challenging me. I could see the contour of her bushy pussy through
the wet dhoti as she did not wear panties. I thought my equilibrium
was being lost. I had great difficulty to control myself from
rushing to her. But I went on treating my eyes watching her body and
boobs till she washed her face and saw me.

I pretended to take an excuse of washing my muddy chappals and feet
as well as face now sweating more out of my boiling desires than the
hot sun above. I went to the water a few feet away from her. Now I
could see her clearly from close quarters. As she belonged to the
labour-class, she had a strong body. She had big eyes and very thick
lips. She was none the less clever as she knew my intentions. She
made no attempt to hook her bras or to submerge her body into the
water to hide her nudeness.

Then I got the inkling and signals from her. Though she had already
soaped her body earlier, she started it once again. She made no
haste while purposely soaping her big firm breasts in a squeezing
manner looking straight at me. Gaining guts, I too kept my
intentions clear and looked at her breasts for several minutes. Then
she lifted one of her feet and kept it on a big stone slab at the
edge of the pond and began to soap her leg. With her wet dhoti
divided now, she began to soap her thighs fully exposed. I think she
cleverly adjusted her dhoti for my benefit as now I could clearly
see her dark bushy pussy. I was nearly petrified as I watched her
soap her pussy with quick movements with one of her hands. I think
she deliberately made movements with her hand similar to fucking
while soaping her pussy.

She looked at me with a smile. I felt I touched a live electric wire
when she giggled. I followed her stare at my body towards my cock.
Oh.. my goodness! I became aware my cock was struggling to erect and
visible with a bulge under my lungi.

Then, for the first time she spoke in colloquial regional
language: "Hey Landlord, do you simply want to admire seeing my
nudeness or do you have other ideas in mind too?"

I shot a glance around. I could not find a bird let alone a human
being till very far off. Like a zombie, I went near her.
I said: "Yeah, I have other ideas too. But I was a little afraid if
you would feel offended".

To my utter surprise she replied seriously: "Look, let me put it
straight without beating about the bush, as we would have limited
time only. I am hot and horny right now. It was long time I got a
good fucking. If you are willing to, we can have it right now and
here".
Her answer dispelled all my doubts and fears as if an inflated
balloon was pierced with a pin.

I virtually grabbed her and hugged her tightly kissing hard on her
wet thick lips for nearly two minutes. I nearly bit her lips while
sucking them. Then, bending a little in front of her, I greedily
took one of her big boobs into my mouth and began to suck very hard.
Her nipples were dark, big and firm. Some foams of soap also went
into my mouth. My other hand was busy squeezing her free boob madly.
I must say my intense sucking and squeezing were enough to take her
life out of her body. But those labour-ladies were very healthy. I
took nearly 10 minutes for my sucking and squeezing both her boobs.
In fact, I would have liked to spend more time in caressing and
playing with her boobs.
Later, she released my hand squeezing her boob and placed it on her
hairy pussy. I rubbed her pussy madly. I wanted to insert my finger
into her pussy but could not locate her hole in my mad haste. She
knew it and helping with her hand, she guided my middle finger into
her pussy hole. I began finger-fucking her while I continued to suck
her boob. A minute later, she asked me to insert one more finger
into her pussy which I did.
In fact, I had no intention to mouth her pussy. But I think I had
gone crazy with uncontrollable sexual urge that I wanted to eat her
pussy. I told her so. She looked really surprised. She mentioned no
male (including husbands) in their class ever sucked the female
pussy. I insisted I was going to do that. It was difficult to
accomplish it without lying on ground and getting muddy.
We came out of water. She undressed me and removed her dhoti too.
Both of us stood naked now. She smilingly remarked my cock was jumpy
as if eager to go inside her pussy. I made her lay on the grass of
the plain near the pond. She reluctantly kept her thighs apart. I
glanced at her hairy black pussy for a long minute. Anyone would
have seen me like a starving destitute looking at a bowl of
sweet `payas'. Then I buried my face into her pussy and rubbed all
over it. I brought my tongue out and licked her whole cunt. She
began to moan and wriggle her body in pleasure. But my tongue could
touch her heavy growth of pubic hairs only. I thought these tribal
ladies never removed their pubic hairs as it was unknown to them.

"Hey, you separate your vaginal lips with your hands and make your
clitoris and hole visible", I said.

She replied in an erotic tone mixed with surprise: "Oh, young
landlord, are you really going to suck my pussy? I am already
getting extreme pleasures. You know, I am getting this unknown
pleasure for the first time in my life".
With this, she separated her pussy lips as wide as she could. I
could now clearly see her clitoris and big reddish pussy hole. I ran
my tongue on her clitoris in a rubbing way. She moaned and giggled.
Then I took the clitoris into my mouth and sucked it very hard. She
began to bounce and wriggle her body like a fish taken out of water.
And, she began to moan more loudly. I stood up quickly to make sure
no was around nor approaching. I knew even if someone was coming
from far off, it would take at least thirty minutes to reach the
spot walking through the labyrinths of paddy fields.

I sat again. Now my attention was on her pussy hole. I found it has
become wet and juicy with her pre-cum. I managed to shoot my tongue
into her reddish tunnel slowly. I mentally thanked her for cleaning
her pussy though with a cheap toilet soap earlier as there was no
offensive smell emanating from her pussy. Frankly speaking, even if
her pussy smelt offensive I would have felt it like the sweet
fragrance of jasmine flowers. I twisted my tongue and probed inside
her. Then I began to suck it. She said she was getting this extreme
pleasure of her pussy being sucked for the first time in her life.
As my sucking continued for over 3 minutes, she bounced and made
some involuntary movements moaning fiercely. This followed a little
amount of thick discharge from her hole. She reached orgasm alright.
In utter sexual thirst, I gulped her juices down my throat greedily.
It tasted a little salty and oily.
Suddenly she sprang and stood up as if a tightly compressed spring
has been released. She looked like a tigress. She made me stand up
too. Her big eyes were burning with lust now. She knelt in front of
me on the ground and caught hold of my hot erect penis. In one quick
jerk, she thrust it inside her big mouth and began to suck it hard.
She was both moving my penis and her head forward and backward as if
she wanted to swallow my entire cock down her throat while she
sucked. While she continued to suck my penis holding it with one of
her hands, with the other hand she caught hold of my balls
(testicles) and began to squeeze them softly. Suddenly I kept my
hand pressed on my mouth as I was about to yell in extreme pleasures
I derived. I continued to watch her strong sucking the way a calf
sucks the nipple in the udder of a cow. In next two minutes, I could
not sustain any longer and I exploded. My cum (seminal fluid)
spurted out filling her mouth. I still remember her mad action of
gulping and swallowing my fluid greedily. She made sure there was
not a single drop left or wasted.

I wanted to fuck her soon as we might not get more safe time. But my
problem started then. As soon as I ejaculated, my penis got sagged
losing size and erection. I tried jerking and shaking it several
times but could not succeed. Though she was in no hurry and willing
to give me enough time, but I was eager and anxious to finish up
soon and vanish from the scene before anybody turned around.

As per her suggestion, I stood behind her body and cupped her
breasts. Then as asked by her, I began to rub my weak cock between
her asses. She must be an expert sexologist, because I began getting
pleasurable sensations by doing this and I became aware my cock
began to erect again slowly. As soon as it erected fully, I made her
lay on her back on the ground. Seeing my haste, she giggled and
guided my cock into her pussy. My cock slipped into her tunnel
easily. I had not asked her if she was married or not or if she had
given birth to a baby. All I remembered was to do vigorous fucking.
And I did that exactly. It was only when she remarked that I was
fucking her more vigorously than her husband that I came to know she
was married. I must say I did really enjoy fucking her though in an
uncomfortable position.
Interestingly, she was more responsive than receptive. She lifted
her legs, wrapped them around my buttocks tightly and began to give
upward thrusts with her pussy to match mine. I became aware while
doing so she often tightened the grip on my cock inside her with her
vaginal muscles which gave me added pleasures. I became so mad that
suddenly I knew I would not stop fucking even if the whole world
watched us. I ploughed her whole pussy with incessant heavy thrusts
with my cock going deep inside her. I was fucking her pussy
mercilessly the way a psychopath would stab a man in revenge who
raped and killed his wife. I wished I could continue the fucking all
day and night. But a few minutes later, she attained orgasm and
luckily at the same time I too climaxed pumping my whole fluid deep
into her juicy pussy. The joint climax took us to the pinnacle of
pleasures as in extreme madness we rolled over and fell to the muddy
paddy field.

We disentangled our bodies and stood up to look around the area, but
still found none, even far off. We found our bodies completely muddy
and soiled due to fucking, lying on the ground, as well as our fall
to the field. I held her close to me with one hand and walked into
the water. She giggled, released my hand, leaped into the water and
swam going away from me. I swam after her. The pond was not deep.
With few strokes, I caught up with her. As our bodies wriggled in
the play struggle, in the melee, we went inside the water.

We came up together in chest-deep water.

I brought her to stand where the surface of water was in level with
her boobs. I held hugging her with her big boobs pressed to my
chest. She looked sexier in wet with water dripping from her face
and hairs. I crushed my mouth on hers for a long time. Then I began
to squeeze both her boobs tightly with my hands. Her boobs spilled
and seemed to escape through in between my fingers. Next I began to
caress her buttocks still under water.

Then she did something marvelous. She took a long breath and dipped
herself going into the water. Soon I became aware she caught hold of
my cock and took it inside her mouth. I felt her sucking it. Within
next few seconds she came up gasping for breath. She repeated this
play 2-3 times. I knew my cock erected again. I asked her to stand
with her legs wide apart. Now I went inside the water and rubbed her
pussy with my tongue. When I came up she said she got extreme
pleasures. So, I repeated it a number of times for her benefit
though some water went inside my stomach.

I wanted to fuck her once more. Keeping her still in water, I came
to the bank once again to see around. Finding nobody I went to her
again. I lifted her in water and asked her to circle my body with
her legs and hold my neck with her hands. With her clinging on my
body, I slowly inserted my cock into her pussy still under water.
When full penetration was achieved, I began to fuck her. She too
started making thrusts in bouncing manner hanging on my body. As
some parts of her body were still under water, I did not feel much
discomfort to hold her weight. Once, I deliberately bent a little
and we both went fully inside the waters. We really enjoyed the
unique experience of fucking under water though for a little time.
We came up again continuing with our fucking.

As our fucking became vigorous, she pressed her boobs hard on my
chest while I sucked her thick lips madly. Water splashed and
spluttered around us due to our movements giving music to our
fucking. Luckily, this time too she reached climax first. Soon I
accelerated. Within a couple of minutes I too attained orgasm
spraying my cum inside her pussy. Interestingly my cum oozed out of
her pussy and floated on the water. We laughed to find a few fishes
swallowing it.
We came to the bank together. I wiped and dried up my body with a
towel she gave me. I put on my clothes. I took out two Rs.50/-
currency notes, the only money I had in my pocket and gave it to
her. She said it was not needed as all that she wanted was to give
me pleasures and make me happy. Yet, she took the money and placed
it on the bank with a stone to support. Before I started to walk
back, I caught hold of her boobs and heavily squeezed them for once.
At this time, she said her name was Lakshmi and told I could take
her to our barn-house for fucking leisurely during any noon hours.
She pointed her hand to a direction very far off, as if to the
horizon, to show where her house was. I did not bother to note it as
my only intention at that moment was to leave the place immediately.
As I walked away, I looked over my shoulders to see her in chest-
deep water taking dips.



