Sex Story, M/F, voyeur, cheating, oral, straight, anal. 

   I met Sheetal at the local Costco.  I was there with my wife Rupali. 
She loved buying stuff in bulk.  I guess I should be thankful to have a 
wife who is so frugal with my money but the idea of buying diapers by the 
caseload hardly fills me with the same kind of excitement as it does her. 


   I love Rupali; ours was a love marriage though with the consent of both 
our parents.  We both grew up in India and met in college here in the US. 
That's where we fell in love and decided to get married.  We held off on 
sex till our wedding night and I'm glad we did.  All that waiting and 
anticipation made it that much more memorable.  We were both lawyers but 
after getting married she decided to become a full time housewife while I 
joined a fairly respectable law firm.  She would occasionally help me out 
with my work at home and I was always amazed at how talented she was.  She 
said that she might go back to practicing law again some day, but then with 
the birth of our son that idea faded out. 


   Our lives were pretty hectic.  I was pretty busy with work.  Though the 
company I worked for was small it had built up a good reputation for itself 
and through hard work I managed to become a junior partner.  That meant 
long hours and even working weekends.  Rupali had her hands full with the 
house and our new baby.  That made socializing next to impossible.  I 
really didn't know many people outside of work and neither did Rupali. 


   I was pushing the large shopping cart while Rupali carried the baby in 
her arms checking her list and looking up and down the aisles.  That's how 
we bumped into another Indian couple, Rajiv and Sheetal.  Sheetal was the 
one who started the conversation admiring our baby.  She struck up a 
conversation with Rupali and soon the two were chatting away.  It's amazing 
how fast women become so friendly.  Rajiv introduced himself and so did I. 
We just exchanged a few awkward pleasantries.  He suddenly remembered 
something he had to go get and went away.  I was relieved coz I hated 
making idle conversation with new people.  Rupali and Sheetal were still 
chatting.  I noticed Sheetal was quite an attractive woman.  Rajiv looked 
to be quite a few years older than me but Sheetal was about the same age as 
us.  She wore a light green sweater that seemed like it was a couple of 
sizes too small for her and a tight short skirt.  I had been urging my wife 
to shed some of her inhibitions and adopt more western attire.  She usually 
just wore sarees, salwar kurtas or jeans and shirts but never something 
like this.  Sheetal had a beautiful form.  Her breasts weren't huge but set 
against her small waist they were very prominent.  She had long flowing 
beautiful hair that she kept open.  Her skin was smooth and tan.  I 
suddenly realized I was ogling her and readjusted my gaze before anyone 
realized. 


   My wife and Sheetal became good friends and though Rupali didn't get out 
much Sheetal often stopped by and she was always gossiping about movies and 
discussing the latest trends she had picked up from reading glamour rags. 
Sheetal was one of those typical Indian wives who enjoyed spending their 
husband's money on beauty parlors, clothes, clubs, fashion magazines, going 
to parties and that sort of thing.  An Indian trophy wife of sorts. 


   To help Rupali meet some more of the Indian women in her circle and 
develop more of a social life she organized a kitty party or whatever they 
called it, at our house.  One of those "Girls Only" type affairs.  I was 
the only guy there and even I was being treated more like some hired help. 
However I played along coz this was my way of thanking my wife for putting 
her career and social life on hold all these years for me and my career and 
our family. 


   The whole thing winded up around 12:30 am and then Sheetal asked me to 
drop her off at her home coz she had had a few drinks and although she was 
pretty sober she didn't want to get pulled over and get into trouble for 
driving under the influence. 


   After a thirty minute drive we pulled up to her driveway.  She asked me 
to walk her into the house because Rajiv wasn't home and she always felt 
scared going into her large house in the dark all-alone.  I thought it was 
silly to be afraid in your own house but I guess women can be like that 
sometimes.  So I went in with her and she guided me to the light switches 
and I followed her instructions and lit up every room.  It was the first 
time I had seen their house from the inside and it was huge and beautifully 
decorated.  No doubt done up by some professional interior decorator 
because while it was very plush and impressive it really didn't have any of 
the warmth of a home. 


   She insisted I have coffee with her and though it was late I finally 
acquiesced.  This was really the first time I had truly been alone with 
her. She really doesn't need to be prodded into conversation and without my 
inquiring basically started laying out her life history to me.  In a 
cynical tone she told me Rajiv was on a "business trip".  She went on at 
length to explain that he had a blond airhead mistress in Phoenix who he 
fucked around with.  He had a bit of a complex when it came to white women. 
He enjoyed being seen with a white girl especially in front of his Indian 
friends and clients.  I offered the customary support and comfort to her 
but she really didn't need any.  She explained that she was very happy in 
her current state.  Rajiv's infidelity meant that he couldn't divorce 
Sheetal without loosing half his wealth, business and property to her 
thanks to the prenuptial agreement they had signed before their marriage. 
She wasn't completely useless to him.  His more conservative relatives and 
friends in India adored her and would have never accepted his marrying a 
non-Indian.  By staying married to him she knew that she could continue to 
enjoy life and spend his money without worry and he would continue 
providing for her to indulge her. 


   "I've even got proof...  wanna see?" Before I could answer she bounded 
barefoot to the bedroom with the energy of a teenager.  I admired her body 
again as I watched her scamper away.  She returned just as fast holding a 
DVD in one hand and keeping her jewelry from flying off with the other. 


   She inserted it into the player and sat snuggling close to me as I 
directed my gaze to the very large screen TV on the wall.  In a few seconds 
I saw a rather portly guy with a pepper grey goatee gasping and groaning as 
he pounded a blond girl hunched over in the doggy position.  It was Rajiv 
and if I didn't know any better I would have thought he was having a heart 
attack.  The blond was very attractive and looked very young.  Seemed 
almost too young.  Though she wasn't moving, her face and her moans showed 
that she was enjoying it.  "She's 19 now...  but she was 16 when he first 
started fucking her.  Trailer trash!  She'd probably fuck her own granddad 
for the kind of money he spends on her", Sheetal whispered into my ear as 
if not wanting to disturb the couple that was fucking on the TV screen. 
"She doesn't seem to be too far off from that", I replied noting how much 
older Rajiv looks.  Sheetal laughed out loud.  It was the first time I had 
heard her laugh like that.  It was almost like a giddy schoolgirl's 
laughter.  Usually she has a very pretentious laugh like all the other rich 
snooty old ladies she hangs around with.  I squirmed a little in the sofa. 
Adjusting my position which had become a little uncomfortable because of my 
hard-on.  I must admit I envied Rajiv for being able to afford the best of 
both worlds.  I would have loved to bang a blond too. 


   After just a couple of minutes Rajiv came, apparently dumping his load 
inside the girl's pussy.  Sheetal told me he doesn't like wearing condoms. 
I can't blame the guy...  who does?  Exhausted, he collapsed on top of the 
girl, holding her close.  They fell asleep.  The movie then got out of 
focus and it looked like someone was putting the lens cap back on.  Whoever 
took the video was probably actually hiding in the room at the time. 


   I had all these thoughts running in my head when I suddenly looked down 
with a start as I felt Sheetal rubbing my crotch thru my pants.  I jumped 
off the sofa and she was visibly surprised at my reaction.  I told her that 
this was totally inappropriate.  I told her that I loved my wife and that I 
knew what she was trying to do.  I told her she should be ashamed of 
herself.  Rupali was her friend.  I could never betray Rupali like that. 


   "Rahul, no one has to know.  And I know you're attracted to me.  You 
think I don't notice.  I see the way you watch me.  I know you don't love 
me...  I'm not asking you to.  It's just a fuck yaar.  Lighten up." 


   "It's true.  I look at you.  I look at a lot of women, but that doesn't 
mean I go around fucking them all.  It's just fantasy.  You think about it 
and that's it." I think I was justifying it as much to myself as to her. 


   "And what all have you fantasized about me?" she asked me coyly.  She 
was trying to draw me into a conversation to arouse me.  I wasn't falling 
for it.  "Never mind Sheetal.  Meine galti ki yaha aake.  I always knew you 
were a slut" 


   "Ooooh...  so you fantasized about me even though you thought I was a 
slut.  Maybe you want a slut.  Tell me what slutty things you want me to do 
Rahul.  Rupali told me you keep begging her to try dirty things.  She's not 
enough woman for you Rahul." 


   That really pissed me off.  I was mad at Rupali for discussing our 
intimate personal details with this bitch.  I was mad at Sheetal for 
thinking she was better than my wife.  Mad at her for thinking that I would 
be so easily seduced." 


   In my rage I grabbed Sheetal by her arms and roughly threw her on the 
sofa.  "namaard saale.  Joru ke gulaam.  What kind of a man are you.  Your 
wife's got you pussy whipped", she spit on my shirt from the sofa.  I bent 
over and slapped her face. 


   I couldn't believe I had done that.  How could I have hit a woman?  She 
might have deserved it but it was wrong.  Was she right to call me, 
"naamard".  What kind of a man hits a woman like that?  She got up, her 
hand cupping her cheek.  I moved to her to apologize.  She had tears in her 
eyes but she didn't seem sad.  I was confused.  "Yeah baby...  that's what 
a real man does to his woman.  Oh god that was so sexy.  I like a man who 
stands up for himself like that." 


   I had just slapped her and out of shame and guilt I couldn't bring 
myself to touch her again let alone even push her away when she came close 
and hugged me.  My lust for her betrayed me as she reached down and fondled 
my crotch.  I knew it was hopeless to resist.  I wanted to stop this but I 
couldn't bring myself to do it.  All those memories of me quietly jacking 
off in the shower while thinking of Sheetal came flooding back.  I had told 
myself they were just fantasies I would never act on.  I never felt any 
love for Sheetal...  just the urge to fuck her.  She just always seemed 
like such a modern, westernized slut...  wearing those short skirts and 
tight blouses.  Rupali on the other hand was always just a good Indian 
wife. I could never think of Rupali in ways I thought about Sheetal. 
Sheetal was such a slut I could imagine doing anything with her no matter 
how perverted. 


   Sheetal reached down and unbuckled my belt.  Then she slowly unzipped my 
trousers pulling them down as she slowly fell to her knees.  My cock was so 
hard it hurt and felt trapped in my shorts.  I looked at her.  She looked 
so different today.  She had worn an embroidered pink saree for the party 
today.  I had never seen her in a saree before but didn't notice it till 
now as she pulled my dick out of my underwear.  She wore her hair the same 
way as always, open and flowing beautifully over her shoulders.  She has a 
very cute fair oval face.  Her chin has a very subtle cleft that draws 
attention to her beautiful lips (the upper one is thinner than the lower 
one).  She was wearing dark pink lipstick that made her lips seem even 
fuller than before and they glistened when she smeared the precum from my 
cockhead on them. 


   When I saw her laugh earlier that evening I saw she has a beautiful wide 
smile that dimples her soft cheeks.  She smiled the same way again and 
raised her left eyebrow, wickedly taunting me to resist her.  She knew she 
had me completely under her power now.  She has nice eyes, dark brown and 
always lined with kajal.  Her hair is beautiful, silky and shining, parted 
to one side and hanging down below her shoulders. 


   I had reconciled with myself.  I had been fantasizing about Sheetal 
since the day I met her.  I imagined doing things to her that I would only 
do to a prostitute.  I told myself that I had already cheated on my wife in 
my head...  so this was no different.  It did help alleviate my guilt for 
the time being.  I stared blankly at her face, mystified.  She was a slut, 
there was no denying it but her cute young face and the innocence she was 
so good at faking added to her sheer undeniable sexuality.  The thought of 
my penis penetrating those inviolable lips made my cock fill with even more 
blood. 


   She grew hornier by the minute.  Now holding my cock in one fist, she 
pulled back the foreskin exposing the head fully and licked my shaft from 
the very base of it to the tip.  Then she thrust her face forward and slid 
her lips about my cock-head and shaft and sucked my cock.  I almost passed 
out with ecstasy.  Her mouth was wonderful, hot and moist, sucking like a 
pump, her fleshy tongue playing with my cock-head in her mouth.  I gasped, 
my hips rocking, hands flying down her head, my hips jerking forward at her 
face, thrusting my cock deeper into her mouth.  She spluttered and choked, 
then sucked harder and harder, her cheeks hollowing and billowing, her face 
distended.  She cupped and rubbed my aching balls sexily.  I gripped her 
head, grunting like a pig, rocking hard back and forth on my feet, fucking 
her mouth. 


   "Ohhhhh Sheetal hanh mmmmmugh...", I groaned.  She sucked harder yet and 
I called her name out louder, "SHEETAL...  oh yes...  that's it." 


   She pulled her mouth off my dick with a smack and looking right into my 
eyes said, "Oh come on Rahul.  You can do better than that.  Say all those 
dirty things you're too shy to say in front of your wife." I looked at her 
face, held her chin and told her, "C'mon, you dirty little whore ...  come 
on ...  suck it!  Suck my cock!" 


   "Haaanh...  say it in hindi.  I fucking love that", she moaned.  I 
hesitated...  "Sheetal, chooso mujhe...  JORSE choose, rundi 
chulchoosmerelundkohanh...hanh...  HAANH!" I cried.  It seemed to excite 
her even more and her head rocked frantically back and forth, rolling and 
moving from side to side, her teeth and tongue scraping against my skin. 
Keeping my dick deep in her mouth she moaned loudly.  Her longing 
reverberated throughout my whole body.  I tried so hard to hold back... 
but I was too far gone.  I held her head in place and erupted in her mouth. 
The first couple of spurts shot directly into the back of her mouth and she 
opened her mouth pulling me out.  She jerked me frantically, sending my cum 
in every direction.  Some of it landed on her face and her hair. 


   I closed my eyes and rolled my head back, savoring the moment.  Sheetal 
slowly suckled on my gradually deflating dick easing me down from the 
height of my orgasm. 


   I opened my eyes to see her lovingly rubbing my dick against her cheeks. 
Still on her knees she led me by my dick over to the sofa.  I sat down and 
she climbed up beside me.  That's when I noticed where the rest of my cum 
had landed.  Some of the thick creamy white globs of my sperm were sticking 
to her the silk saree she was wearing leaving damp patched around the areas 
around them.  I felt something sticking to my hand and noticed that some of 
it had also landed on her beautiful white sofa.  "That's gonna leave a 
stain" I said.  "OH FUCK...  you ruined my saree.  Now I'll have to throw 
it out." She handed me a couple of tissues and asked me to wipe off the cum 
from the sofa.  I wiped off whatever I could find grumbling, "hey you're 
the one who started this remember?!" She realized that she was turning me 
off and so she apologized and explained that she had planned to have us 
move into the bedroom by now.  My reaction surprised her and so she had 
improvised.  "Ok...  so let's go into the bedroom then." I said, a smile 
returning to my face. 


   She held my hand and led me to the bedroom.  The dcor matched the rest 
of the house.  I really didn't pay much attention to it.  My eyes were 
focused mainly on her hips.  Her saree clung to her beautiful frame and her 
tiny blouse left her midriff exposed.  She wore a silver chair around her 
waist that jingled slightly as she swung her hips sexily with every step. 


   Near the bed I grabbed her by her hips and threw her on the bed.  I 
liked being in control like this.  Sex with Rupali was more romantic than 
lustful or wild.  I grabbed her ankles and pulled her towards me, then 
roughly pushed her saree and petticoat up her thighs to her waist.  My dick 
was slowly beginning to harden again as I rubbed my hands coarsely over her 
thighs.  They were silky smooth and creamy.  It was clear she took great 
care of every inch of her body.  Rubbing her pussy through her lacey pink 
panties I kissed her mouth, my other hand now rubbing her breasts through 
her blouse.  She broke the kiss and asked me, "You like how I taste baby? 
Mmmm?  Taste me down there.  Please...  stick your tongue in my little 
pussy." 


   I moved down grabbing her by the thighs and pulled her into my face. 
She playfully covered my head with the saree and I spread her pussy lips 
with my fingers.  I started by licking between the folds of her pussy lips 
in long strokes moving up and down.  I rubbed her clit taking some spit 
from my mouth.  She was already quite wet and the more I worked her pussy 
with my tongue the more she started absolutely dripping.  I could hear her 
giggles though I couldn't see her face from under the saree.  The giggles 
slowly turned to gasps and moans, begging me not to stop.  I wanted to fuck 
her so badly and I couldn't control myself.  I pulled my head out from 
underneath her saree and pushing it back with one hand and stroking my dick 
with the other I got ready to fuck her.  "NO...  she cried.  You're not 
totally hard yet.  Let's see if we can make that big dick of yours rock 
solid." 


   She climbed off the bed and before I could respond pushed me onto my 
back on the bed.  She ran over to the night stand and popped in a Hindi 
music CD.  Some song (I don't know the name) started playing.  It had a 
really erotic undertone to the beats and a very sultry female voice singing 
about loneliness and waiting for her lover at night.  Whatever it was she 
knew how to dance to it.  Standing over me, she started to dance 
erotically, bending over, letting the pallu of the saree drop, exposing her 
blouse and her deep cleavage.  She kneeled down, straddling my chest and 
bent over letting her hair fall over my face then moving up slowly bringing 
her heaving chest close to my face.  I began to unbutton her blouse and 
marveled at how her bosom seemed to grow as each button came undone. 
Before I could finish undoing the very last button she rose up once again 
standing over me, swaying her ass obscenely as she unwound the rest of her 
saree, letting it fall in a heap next to me until she was finally in just 
her blouse and petticoat.  Then she pulled the cord open and I grabbed it 
and pulled it down.  She stepped out of it and kicked it off the bed.  She 
had already achieved her aim.  My dick was harder now than it had ever been 
before.  The thought seeing another man's wife stripping and dancing for me 
and then getting to fuck her like a whore was driving me wild. 


   She danced a little more against the bedpost, grinding her pussy and 
breasts obscenely in erotic gestures.  For the first time I saw her form in 
all it's glory.  Her legs and arms are slender and shapely.  One of the 
most sensual things about her is her back.  Perfectly smooth skin. 


   Unblemished and her elegantly postured, the spine neatly hollowed, 
curving down into the small of her back, just over her firm round ass.  She 
carries her hips with the grace of a truly sensual Indian woman. 


   Not being able to hold back any longer I got up and pulled her onto the 
bed.  All I knew was the searing heat in my loins and my need to immerse my 
cock in her flesh.  Gasping, I flung myself on her, pushing her onto her 
back, fumbling between her legs.  She spread her thighs wide apart, on 
either side of my hips, and with her hands gently guided my penis to her 
cunthole.  I chewed and sucked on her breasts hungrily, totally without 
expertise and she gasped under me in a delight. .  Her breasts are full and 
firm and juicy, sloping nicely, with hard nipples, the aureoles taut and 
small.  She has a good cleavage and her belly is flat, the hips flaring to 
her firm buttocks and the shapely thighs that I was now violating with my 
engorged penis. 


   She had on delicate gold earrings and a nice gold chain with a pearl 
pendant in a sepal setting around her neck, and her wrists jingled with 
gold bangles and bracelets.  Every thrust into her pussy shook her and in 
turn caused all her jewelry to jingles.  The noise adding to the urgency of 
the moment. 


   I squeezed her breasts hard, and her nipples quivered in my fingers. 
Despite the way she was being jerked back and forth on the bed by me she 
somehow managed to undo my shirt buttons, drawing it off, tracing 
tantalizing patterns on my chest and back, making me tremble with 
excitement.  She moved her hands to my balls cupping them. 


   She cried out loudly, arching under me, her feet rising to hook behind 
my hips, her hands on my arms, and then I was fucking her, banging away, 
slamming my hips back and forth, back and forth, pistoning my huge cock in 
and out, in and out, in and out of her cunt. 


   "Ohhhh Rahul yes..  YEEAAS....  Aur jorse....  Harder...  hanh uhhh hanh 
uhh hanh yes ohhhhh yes yes ...  ohhhh yes yes do it baby yes ..." she 
cried, arching and heaving under me, her head whipping from side to side. 
"Yes!  Fuck me!  Chodhlemujhe!  Fuck me harder baby!" Her filthy words 
goaded me on and excited me immensely and I cried out in excitement and 
plunged even deeper into her, enjoying the heat and tightness of her cunt. 
Her body rocked and jerked under my vicious, savage thrusts, each one 
making her shriek.  Her body shone with sweat, rocking back as I thrust and 
rammed my cock deeper and deeper, harder and harder into her. 


   Then she did something I had never experienced before (this was really 
turning out to be a night of firsts) She clenched my buttocks fiercely, 
dragging me down deeper into her fiery cunt.  I felt her spasm and shudder 
and her cunt clamped down hard on my 


   penis and then she poked a finger into the crack of my ass and gently 
rubbed my anus.  I couldn't bear it anymore, and, with an agonized cry I 
ploughed deep into her, my hips twitching at her thighs, and shot my load 
into her sweet flesh, jet after jet of my burning jizz spewing into her 
ravaged cunt.  She hunched forward, gasping in delight as my hot cum 
flooded her cunt.  Panting, I fell on her, streaming with sweat.  She 
kissed my cheek, caressing my thick, hair, fondling my back and buttocks. I 
slid out of her slowly and rolled over onto my back beside her on the bed. 


   We lay for a while, recovering, and she sensed my eagerness to establish 
my virility and manhood.  With a soft chuckle, she rolled over onto me, the 
gold chain around her neck and her breasts swinging, and straddled my hips. 
I cupped her breasts, and suckled gently on them one by one, making her 
moan in delight.  Her wet cunt ground against my cock. 


   She kissed me, thrusting her tongue into my mouth, her breasts hot on my 
slippery chest.  She began to slide down my body again, sucking and licking 
at my nipples, lapping at the rivulets of sweat that glistened on my 
hairless chest.  She went down further and I murmured softly as I felt her 
lips slide around my cock once more.  This time, though, I was in no hurry 
and I lay back and let her work at it.  I held her head in my hands and 
moved it up and down to suit my pleasure, pumping my hips gently as I 
fucked her pretty face.  I lifted my head and watched her and grew aroused 
at the sight of her head bobbing over my crotch, my fat cock glistening in 
her mouth.  She then turned around straddling my face and resumed sucking 
on my penis.  I assumed she wanted me to lick her pussy again and I was 
only too happy to oblige.  I realized that her cunt was overflowing with my 
cum and I wasn't too eager to dive into my own cum.  Wiping some of the 
excess cum from her pussy with my fingers I finally started to lick her 
pussy lips.  I really didn't want to disappoint her and getting lost in the 
feeling of her mouth on my cock I started to lick her pussy.  She stopped 
sucking me and turning her head and looking over her shoulder she said, "Oh 
baby...  will you do something for me...  pleeese." I desperately wanted 
her lips back on my cock so without hesitation I responded, "ANYTHING". 


   "Rim my asshole baby", she said coyly grinning.  I didn't much relish 
the idea of licking her or anyone's asshole...  the idea disgusted me. 
Before I could respond that familiar warm moist, feeling returned to my 
cock and so I decided to just finger her hole for a little while.  She had 
a delicate little asshole.  The sphincter pulling apart and then closing 
ever so slightly with her movements.  As I placed my finger on the puckered 
little hole it tightly clenched shut and I felt Sheetal's whole body 
shudder in excitement.  Wetting my finger I rubbed it some more and I 
started peeking open just a touch.  I was surprised at how pretty and pink 
and clean it looked.  I was actually feeling tempted to try licking it. 
She was grinding her pussy on my chest and it was soaked in her juices and 
my sweat.  I pulled her ass cheeks apart and raised my head to move my 
mouth closer to it.  She sensed that I was ready and arched her back 
forward, curving her ass down towards my face.  I poked my tongue at the 
opening and Sheetal involuntarily jerked her ass surprised at the warm 
intruder.  I licked around the opening, surprised that I wasn't feeling as 
repulsed by this as before.  After a few licks of the sphincter I finally 
poked the tip of my tongue into her asshole.  She moaned her delight onto 
my cock head and that just brought my dick completely back to life.  I 
tongued her asshole for a few more minutes till she finally rose up off me, 
relinquishing her hold of my cock.  She spat on her fingers and rubbed it 
into her asshole. 


   "You've been so good to me Rahul.  Now it's time I did something special 
for you." She spat a few more times on her hands but then decided it wasn't 
enough to lube her for what was about to come.  So she went into the 
bathroom and brought out some aloe vera lotion.  She squeezed a little 
dollop of it into the palm of her right hand and then rubbed it into her 
hole with her left.  When her anus felt slick enough she slowly squeezed 
the mouth of the bottle into her hole and squeezed the bottle forcing 
almost a third clear gel like lotion into her ass.  Her eyes grew wide and 
her mouth fell open as she felt the cool gel pumping into her.  Closing her 
eyes with a smile she pulled the bottle out.  Her lips pouted a little and 
her left eyebrow arched up as she rubbed her sphincter with her finger one 
more time.  I was completely stupefied watching her. 


   Finally she climbed up on the bed like a cat, I noticed she had her ass 
tightly clenched, not wanting to let any of the lotion leak out.  She 
looked at me seductively over her shoulder, pushing her hair back with her 
fingers and said, "Rupali never lets you to do this right? 


   I had no words to answer her.  I moved in behind her, ready to ram into 
her with the savage ferocity of a wild animal.  Placing my left foot on the 
edge of the bed and standing behind her I grabbed her ass tightly.  I 
didn't care if I hurt her I was just so hot for her.  She grabbed my dick 
which was standing firm against my belly, hard as stone.  She pulled down 
on it, trying to position the cockhead at the entrance to her anus. 
Closing my eyes and clenching my fingers harder on her flesh I moved my hip 
forward piercing her rectum with just the head.  Once it plopped it she 
released her grip on me and steadied herself on her hands and knees. 


   "Alright Rahul, do it...  fuck my tight little asshole...  baby 
please... pleeeze".  I straddled her hips and squeezed my cock into the 
incredible tightness of her ass, gasping in wonder and joy.  She cried out 
in lust and pain, her fingers clenched tight, almost tearing the bedspread 
as I drove in deeper and deeper, my body tensed and taut, my head arched, 
my cock swallowed by her taut rear channel. 


   She was tighter than anything I could have imagined.  Like a fist 
gripping me so tightly that pushing into her felt like it would rip the 
skin off my dick.  Thank god she lubed herself.  It felt so wonderful.  I 
could feel the gel squish around my penetrating member.  As I drove deeper, 
some of the gel started to squeeze out from her asshole, dripping slowly 
down her pussy and then the inside of her thigh. 


   Once completely inside I paused, enjoying the feeling of being so 
completely enveloped.  It felt as if there were a million tight rings 
massaging every small millimeter of my dick.  A part of me just wanted to 
stay in that position of ever.  I had been intently watching Sheetal's 
face. She looked to be in so much discomfort as I had slowly squeezed into 
her, but now an expression of calm relief started to come over her.  Making 
sure I had firm footing I started to pull out just a little and then pushed 
back in again.  I repeated it several time, each time pulling out a little 
further and then pushing back in all they way till I was finally making 
long deep strokes in and out of her.  I quickened my pace instinctively but 
still I felt the wonderful feel of the tight rings rolling over my penis, 
massaging me. 


   "Yes, yes yes.  Chodmujhe...  meri gaand marle...", she cried, the words 
sounding so filthy and erotic.  She begged me to fuck her ass harder and 
deeper.  The liquid oozing from her ass hole had been churned by my 
incessant fucking and was foaming around her puckered asshole.  I slammed 
into her and she cried out and I thrust a hand under her belly and arched a 
finger into her cunt, making her orgasm violently.  Her sphincter spasmed 
on my dick and I cried out and came shooting my load into her hot, tight 
little ass.  I hunched over, my hips jerking involuntarily, my cock 
quivering as it emptied the last few spurts of my cum into her.  I kissed 
her sweaty back and clutched the smooth flesh of her breasts. 


   After staying in her for a while I felt myself overcome with exhaustion. 
Dreamily I started to pull myself out of her hole, my dick felt raw and so 
sensitive.  Sheetal's asshole looked like a gaping wound.  It was red and 
wet and as she started to stand up a torrent of my cum and the clear gel 
flushed out of her, flowing in rivulets down the insides of her thighs. 


   Sheetal fell asleep next to me.  Later I dressed and headed home. 
Praying Rupali was already asleep and wouldn't notice how late I got home. 
I was fortunate.  She was fast asleep, tired from the party.  I had a quick 
shower and gently climbed into bed with her.   



-- 
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights 
reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.
