                                       Risk Taker
                                     By Lust 4 Life

A young woman finds she gets an extra thrill of riding bareback, of taking the chance that 
she will get knocked up by taking a man with no birth control. The first time is an 
accident, but she finds she is so turned on that she decides to try it one more time, and 
then another and another. Finally, she decides to add even more spice and have a gang 
bang with no birth control, but she forgets to keep track of her calendar. F/M+/preg

Background

I love sex. Always have, ever since I lost my virginity at 16. Im 24 now, long hair, pretty 
good sized boobs, a good figure and a pretty face. Most guys think I am very attractive. 
Course you cant please everyone. Still, I like my figure. Im not a stick, but Im not 
round. I work out, have good muscles, but also nice curves. And Im what youd 
probably call a slut. Im easy. I like fresh meat. Just cant get enough of having a nice 
hard cock pounding into me. I love that I can make a big strong man just totally loose 
control. I love the feeling of a man coming inside me.

Yes, Im a risk taker. I use a diaphragm for birth control. That means I get to feel a man 
bare, flesh on flesh, inside me and feel his cum in my pussy. It means Im also taking a 
risk for STDs, but a penis in a condom just isnt the same, Ive gotta have it bare. I do get 
checked regularly, but still its probably only a matter of time until I get something. And 
thats not all, but more about that later.

In college I earned a reputation as being pretty wild, and quite easy. Now that I am out 
and working I generally behave at work, but nights I like to go out and find a hot stud to 
satisfy me. I know what I want when I go out, and Im not shy about it. I dress like a slut, 
short skirt, low cut blouse, makeup, heels, the whole package. I usually put my 
diaphragm in before heading out, whether to a bar, a dance club, a pool hall, or other 
pick-up spot. That way Im ready later in the evening and dont have to pause to take care 
of that little detail.

Oh, and Ive done it just about everywhere. In college I did it in a bunk with the guys 
roommate in the top bunk. Ive done it outside, in an empty classroom with people 
walking by just outside, in a crowd at a rock concert, in a van, in the back seat of a car, 
and a whole lot more. And its fun later to feel the guys cum starting to run out (another 
nice thing about no condoms).

And of course I love teasing the guys before I pick my lucky stud for the night, rubbing 
against them while dancing, feeling them getting hard for me, or letting them cop a feel. 
But sooner or later I choose the lucky guy and we head back to either his place or mine 
and get it on. Sometimes the guy is afraid of STDs and insists on a condom, but most 
guys, given a chance to go bare in a hot pussy and pump their load into me, decide to 
throw caution to the wind and ride me bareback.

And oh how I love that. Feeling the power and strength in him as he holds me tight while 
he rides me, feeling him tensing toward orgasm, and as he gets close, knowing I am 
totally in his control, knowing he is going to cum in me and there is no longer anything I 
can do to stop him (not that I want him to stop mind you, far from it!). And then the 
feeling of him pulsing inside me and the warmth and wetness of his cum, suddenly in my 
body instead of his. Oh it makes me shiver just to think about it. And yes, I have been 
with 2 guys at once, with another couple, and even to a free for all orgy.

The orgy was a party which started with alcohol and other items, then a girl got up and 
started dancing and when people started yelling to her to take her clothes off, she did. 
Soon people started making out all over the place. The girl next to me found a stud and 
the 3 of us all stripped down kissing each other all over. I stroked his cock and cupped his 
balls while they kissed and he fondled her. Soon she spread her legs and he mounted her 
and started fucking. I massaged her breasts and then tickled his balls as he was fucking 
her. I loved feeling where they were joined together. Soon another naked guy came over 
and started caressing me and soon I forgot the other couple and welcomed my new guy 
between my legs, until he shot his load into me.

A New Adventure

But I told you I am a risk taker. One day I went one step further. I had gone out shopping 
one afternoon, not planning on fucking, and so completely unprepared. As luck would 
have it, I ended up meeting a guy who really turned me on and after chatting, going for 
some coffee, and then a walk in the woods, we started making out. By the time I realized 
that: a) I was horny as hell for this guy and really wanted to fuck him, and b) I didnt 
even have my diaphragm with me, it was too late. I couldnt help myself. So with some 
trepidation, I let him slip his bare cock into my completely unprotected pussy. I was 
going to ask him to pull out before coming, but the fear of getting pregnant just made me 
hornier and more excited. We went at it like mad, I was driving up to meet his thrusts, 
begging him to go faster and harder. He obliged, but I knew this had to be pushing him 
rapidly to the edge as well and could feel his body tensing as he got closer. But my 
orgasm was almost there, and it promised to be a whopper. Just as I was getting real 
close, his cock flying in and out of my pussy he whispered, Im about to cum. Oh! Im 
gonna cum in you. I wanted to say no, but my orgasm was starting, I just had to ride it 
out, and as it washed over me I groaned Yes! Oh Yes! and started bucking wildly on 
his driving rod. Well naturally he thought that meant yes, I wanted him to cum in me. 
And did he ever. He pushed in and I felt his cock pulse as he started shooting his sperm 
up in my unprotected pussy. This just pushed me to an even higher plateau and I just 
clung to him as the waves of pleasure washed over me, and as his cock continued to 
pump his cum into me.

For the next several weeks I was really scared I might be pregnant, but eventually my 
period showed up right on time. I was so relieved. But then I began re-playing that night 
in my mind. From the point where I realized I was going to take his cock in me 
completely bare and open with no protection, to the final climax with his hot sperm 
pouring into me. And I realized that was one of the most intense sexual encounters I had 
ever had. The risk of pregnancy had added a special element to the act. Even though I 
was scared, the fear that I might actually get pregnant when he emptied his balls in my 
body, had added to the excitement. And I found I wanted to do it again.

I kept replaying that night in mind for a long time and always found it exciting. I tried 
imagining I had left my diaphragm out when I went out to pick up a guy (even though I 
had carefully put it in before going out), and later when we were fucking. But it just 
wasnt the same, I couldnt recapture the intensity of the moment by pretending. In the 
back of my mind I still knew there was no risk, that I was protected. This kept up for 
some time, but one day I finally decided I had to try to recapture that thrill, that I was 
going to intentionally go out without my diaphragm and fuck some stud completely 
bareback. Wow! I got myself off pretty good just planning that.

Have to Have More

Well, I at least waited until it was what I thought would be a safe time of the month. Oh 
boy, was I really going to do this? Had I lost my mind to fuck unprotected, even at a safe 
time of the month? As I was having an early supper on the day I planned to go through 
with this, I didnt have butterflies in my stomach, I had fucking hummingbirds buzzing 
around in there. I was scared, but also so horny and turned on that I could hardly stand it. 
My pussy was a soggy mess just thinking about the up-coming evening as I got out one 
of my naughtiest outfits. I had to give my pussy an extra cleaning I had been dripping so 
much. Finally I was ready to go out and fulfill my fantasy. I was so, well to this day Im 
still not sure if it was scared, excited, or both, but I was so something my hands were 
shaking so I could barely lock the door to my apartment.

I headed to a nightclub I liked for finding new guys. I noticed several people, men and 
women watching me as I walked in. In my outfit, there was little doubt that I was here to 
play, to attract attention. I thought to myself, And if they only knew. Not only was I 
here to play, to get picked up and fucked, I was unprotected, I was here to find a man and 
take his semen into my body with no birth control, completely naturally. I took a seat at 
the bar and it wasnt long before the bartender came over and indicated that a gentleman 
sitting around the corner at the bar would like to buy me a drink if I was interested. I 
looked at him and smiled, he looked nice enough, and I told the bartender that yes I 
would be willing and placed my order. As the bartender delivered my drink the man 
approached me and asked if I minded if he joined me. Not at all, and thank you for the 
drink, I said, batting my eyelashes at him.

He chatted me up for a bit and obviously sensed that I was easy and on the prowl. His 
eyes kept wandering over my body (of course thats what my clothes were intended to 
make him do), and soon he asked me if Id like to dance. Of course I accepted. At first we 
danced apart but soon we began to bump into each other and flirt more suggestively on 
the dance floor. The song finally ended and a slower number came on, so we stayed out. 
Now we got to press our bodies together on the dance floor and his hands freely 
wandered across my back and down to my butt, pulling me to him. I could feel his 
growing erection and ground against it. I was getting wet enough he could probably smell 
my arousal by now. Oh god this was hot! Totally unprotected, grinding against him, 
getting him turned on. He would come home and fuck me without hesitation if I asked 
him! But I was having fun. I wanted to savor this, to tease myself and the men for a bit. 
So at the end of the dance I told him I was glad I turned him on (& gave him a pat on the 
crotch in the dark  the look on his face was priceless), but I wasnt ready to select a stud 
quite yet, I needed to sample the wares a bit more first.

I danced with several other men and let a few others chat me up, making sure they got a 
good look at my cleavage and legs. Ooh it turned me on, knowing all I had to do was say 
Yes and anyone of these studs would take me home and pump my unprotected pussy 
full of their seed. So, which one? Who was I going to take home, who would I let shoot 
their sperm into my unprotected womb?

I finally settled on a man who seemed like hed be a good lay. He was built rather large 
(not overweight, just large, solid). There was no doubt that he would be in control, that I 
would not be able to change my mind at the last minute, that once things reached a 
certain point, he would see them through to the finish regardless of how I felt. So I kicked 
the little pebble over the edge, the pebble that would turn into an uncontrollable 
avalanche. I walked over to the man and as seductively as I could, told him I had enjoyed 
our dance and would he like to dance some more? Naturally he said yes with a grin and 
led me out onto the dance floor. And so the pebble began to roll.

I had made my choice, now my goal was to turn him on, fill him with desire for me, and 
get him to take me home and ravish me, fuck me, posses me. The next couple of dances 
were fast so I wiggled my hips and my chest, I bent forward giving him a view down my 
top while shaking my breasts, I turned and wiggled my ass at him, and I shimmied up to 
him so I could press my body against his and slide down his body. I gave him my best 
saucy smiles. I was in heat and letting him know it. Then came the slow dance. I melted 
into his arms, looking him in the eyes with the most sultry look I could manage while 
pressing my breasts against his chest. He held me tight, but not so tight his hands couldnt 
roam, up my sides touching the sides of my breasts, down my back, and over my ass. I 
pushed my crotch against his, feeling his erection through his pants. At first he was a bit 
tentative, but feeling me pressing against him, knowing I obviously knew he was hard 
and that I was obviously not offended, far from it, enjoying it, he suddenly grabbed my 
ass and pushed back, pushing his pants covered hard-on against my pussy. We looked 
into each others eyes, both burning with lust as we ground our crotches together, each 
knowing we wanted each other, that soon we were going to join them together much 
more intimately. The pebble was gathering momentum.

My pussy was wet and twitching, enjoying the feel of his cock rubbing against it, 
knowing this man wanted to fuck me, was going to fuck me, was going to plant his seed 
in me. As the dance came to an end the man asked me if I wanted to go somewhere more 
private. I responded, How about your place? We lost no time heading out to our cars. I 
followed him a short distance to his apartment. We just about raced to his building and up 
a flight of stairs to his second floor apartment.

Inseminated!

We were barely through the door before we embraced, our tongues exploring each others 
mouths, our bodies grinding against each other, our hands running over each others 
body. In moments we had progressed beyond where we had gotten on the dance floor, his 
hands cupping my breasts (oh my god it felt good to feel his strong hands massaging 
them!), my hands grabbing his hard ass, pulling him against me so I could massage my 
tingling pussy with his erection. It didnt take much longer before I ran my hand down 
his front, squeezing his erection through his pants while one of his hands slid down and 
under my skirt to my skimpy, soggy panties, cupping my pussy. I husked, Mm-m, this 
feels nice. I guess I turn you on! as I continued to grope his penis. He slipped a finger 
around my panties and came into direct contact with my clit making me gasp, and then 
sliding along my well lubricated furrow, making me squirm and push myself onto his 
finger for more feeling. Feels like Im not the only one excited here. he said. How 
bout we stir up some action between my hard cock and that wet pussy of yours? Oh, 
yeah! I cant wait I said as I started to unbutton his shirt. The pebble was now bouncing 
down the hill, knocking other stones loose. We were almost to the point of no return, 
where I would not be able stop things even if I changed my mind.

I felt wild, uninhibited, carefree, animalistic, knowing I was giving up control, opening 
myself to this man, exciting him to the point that I would not be able to stop him if I 
wanted to, that soon I would simply be along for the ride, a female in heat, being mated. 
The excitement was definitely there and building, knowing that I was unprotected, that 
this was absolutely serious, real sex, that I could get pregnant with this man.

I exposed his broad strong chest as he pulled my top up and over my head. Next he undid 
the button and short zipper on my short skirt and it fell to the floor, leaving me in a lacy 
bra and thong panties. I could see the lust in his eyes. He reached around to undo my bra 
as I again ran my hand over his crotch, feeling his erection through his pants, and then 
began to unbuckle his pants, unfasten them, unzip him. My bra was off before his pants 
slid to the floor. He was now fondling my naked breasts, sending wonderful sensations 
through my body, making me gasp, making my pussy flood with wetness as my body 
prepared to mate. Now only the thin material of his boxers was constraining his erection, 
his erection causing a huge tent in his boxers, his erection showing me that he was eager 
to posses my body, to fuck me, to empty his balls in me, shooting his sperm into my 
womb. I grabbed the waistband and gently pulling out, around his hard dick, pulled his 
boxers down revealing his erect penis and his balls, his testicles for producing his sperm 
to impregnate a woman and his penis for injecting it deep in my body in an effort to 
impregnate me. He pulled down my panties, leaving both of us naked, ready to mate, my 
bare pussy exposed, my little patch of pubic hair pointing the way to my vagina. The 
pebble was now an avalanche, almost beyond control as we headed to the bedroom, 
collapsing on the bed.

Our hands were immediately all over each other. His hands massaging my breasts, 
making my pussy gush making me gasp, then sliding down rubbing my clit and slipping 
up inside my now dripping vagina making me groan and push back riding his finger, 
while my hands ran over his broad, strong chest, feeling his power, then down to his 
crotch where I stroked his shaft, hard, erect, ready for fucking, yet smooth, silky, slightly 
spongy. His shaft of creation that he was soon going to insert inside me, fuck me with, 
the shaft I was going to take bare up inside me so he could transfer his genetic imprint 
from his body to mine, perhaps impregnating me. I slid down and cupped his testicles, his 
very essence, producing his sperm, his seed which he would soon plant inside my fertile 
and unprotected womb. His masculine power, strength, and lust were overwhelming me. 
The avalanche roared on. He was going to possess my body, dominate me, but in a 
yin/yang way his masculine power heightened my female desire to take him deep inside 
my body, to tame his raging lust with my soft, yielding femininity, to take his thrusts, his 
passion, his essence deep inside me, sating his desire, calming him. The deep knowledge 
that I would soon take his live sperm inside me, that I was playing sperm roulette, that 
soon his cock would be spewing his seed inside me without protection, the most intimate 
joining that could occur, increased my desire for him.

Just like I had moaned and gasped at his touch, so too was he groaning in pleasure as my 
fingers ran over his balls, as I stroked his cock. That I could make this big strong man 
loose control, groan in such pleasure, that I could control him with my soft touch made 
my insides squirm, my pussy spasm, my butt clench. Come on lover, I need that hard 
cock of yours inside me. I need you to fuck me I whispered to him. He didnt need a 
second invitation as I lay back spreading my legs, opening my pussy for him, inviting 
him to mate with me. As he crawled between my legs I could see the look of lust on his 
face as he looked at my body. I looked down and watched his erect penis, eager to feel 
my pussy wrapped around it, eager to throb in orgasm as he pumped his semen into my 
waiting cunt. I could see the slit on the end, from which his white cream would soon 
burst, to splatter on my cervix, to coat my insides in an attempt to impregnate me. As he 
brought the tip into contact with my pussy, I looked back up, into his eyes as he rubbed it 
up and down lubricating the head in my juices. Yes. Feel how wet I am for you. Come 
on, slide that big cock into me I whispered. Oh yes. Im gonna fuck you so good with 
this big cock he answered.

Then he was sliding it into me, stretching the walls of my vagina as they were pushed out 
to make way for his cock, rippling around it in a mutual massage. I was so wet he slid in 
easily, almost all of the way in. One more push and I felt his pubic bone grind against 
mine, his balls on my ass. He pushed a bit harder and I felt the tip of his penis against my 
cervix. We both groaned with the pleasure, skin to skin, no barriers. His cock pulsed with 
pleasure inside me, causing my pussy to spasm in welcome, and then squeeze back. We 
were joined, as closely and intimately as possible, ready for his cum to shoot through his 
penis from his body into mine on its mission of reproduction. Our genitals joined, primed 
to perform their mission. My senses were filled with him, his smell, the sound of his 
breathing and moans, the sight of him looking down at me, the weight of him on me, 
crushing my breasts, his strong arms around me, his cock inside me. I was totally under 
his control.

Now he began his thrusting, the thrusting which would end with him spewing his semen 
into my pussy. The physical sensation was great, as always, feeling stretched, feeling a 
warm hard cock sliding inside me, feeling a mans passion and lust for me. And my body 
responded, sending waves of pleasure through my body as my pussy gripped him, my 
hips thrust up to meet him, my hard nipples rubbed his chest. But the knowledge that he 
was bare inside me, that I was unprotected, that I really was playing with fire added that 
extra spark. I wondered, was I past the point of no return? If I asked him to pull out now, 
would he stop, or was I already irrevocably committed to taking his sperm in my pussy?

I reached down and felt where we were joined, his cock wet with my juices sliding in and 
out of my pussy. Moving my hand a bit, I felt his ball sack (bringing a moan of pleasure 
from him), his testicles madly releasing his sperm, soon to be ejaculated into me. Yeah, 
give them boys a bit of extra encouragement! What a wanton I was! I could imagine that 
mushroom head with the slit at the end banging into my cervix while he rode me. Now I 
grabbed my ankles, pulling my legs up and back, giving him still deeper penetration, 
letting him bang my clitoris harder at the end of each stroke. Oh you are so hot he 
whispered, you make me so hard. Oh fuck you feel so good. God I cant wait to shoot 
you full of my cum. Oh yeah! That sent more spasms through my body, hearing how 
much he wanted me. Yeah, I think the avalanche was completely out of control, beyond 
diversion now. I was committed. He was pounding hard into me, dominating me with his 
raw masculine power, taking his pleasure in my body. Oh baby, give it to me! Fuck me 
hard. Oh you fill me so good I answered. I knew this would turn him on still further.

The fucking went on, his cock pounding into my pussy. All sorts of thoughts went 
through my mind about what a raw, animal experience this was, like two animals rutting 
in the barnyard, or a whore of old taking complete strangers in their pussies and 
ultimately ending up pregnant from one of them.

But now the sensations were building in my pussy, I could feel my orgasm approaching. 
Oh, not only was this going to feel great, but I knew my orgasm would turn him on, push 
him that much closer to his own orgasm. My world was my cunt, and the hard cock 
pounding into it. The sensations spreading through my body, building, building, stronger 
and stronger. I was thrusting up to meet him, my breath coming in gasps, my toes curling, 
and still that bare cock slammed into me. It was almost here, closer, until  Aie! My 
pussy exploded, spasming around his hard driving penis. I lost all control, my body 
thrashing on his rod. Im coming! Fuck me hard! I managed to cry. I passed the crest, 
but stayed on a high plateau, my sensitive cunt in almost continual spasm as he continued 
fucking me, mating me, getting ready to inseminate me, possibly impregnate me.

He smiled down at me, obviously pleased that he had gotten me off and fully enjoying 
the sensation of my pussy wrapped around him. I reached down and grabbed his ass, 
feeling it flexing as he drove into me. Now I felt a change in his rhythm and his body 
began tensing. Oh, Im getting close. Get ready, Im gonna cum in you! I looked into 
his eyes and said, Yes, give it to me. Let it go! I want to feel you spurting inside me. I 
felt so incredibly sexy, so,  womanly. We were almost there  a male penis was about 
to ejaculate a full load of potent sperm deep in my fertile pussy, right at the entrance to 
my womb, the very heart of my womanhood. I was about to make a man loose control, 
emptying his balls in me. This was the real deal.

Now I felt his cock getting extra hard the way most men do just before they cum. His 
strokes were short and deep, keeping the tip way up near my cervix. His whole body had 
gone rigid and he was holding me tight, almost a death grip. This was it, no way out at 
this point, it was going to happen in the next few seconds. Uh, uh, AHH-H-H! Im 
cumming in you! he cried. At the same time he lunged deep into me and I felt the pulse 
of his cock as he fired the first spurt of his cum into me. He kept himself deep, pushing 
frantically and I felt his cock throbbing steadily as he pumped his cum into me. That did 
it! Ah! Im cumming again! I wailed as I pushed back hard against him, giving him the 
deepest penetration possible and my pussy again convulsed around his cock, milking him. 
I could feel the extra warmth and delicious wetness in my cunt, his seed, coating my 
insides! Finally we began to relax but I kept my legs around him, holding him inside me. 
I reached around and massaged his balls, urging him to pump every last drop out. His 
cock and my pussy continued to pulse sporadically for several more minutes while we lay 
there joined together.

Oh my God! That was one of the most intense sexual experiences I had ever had! And 
now we fell apart, laying there savoring the feelings of satisfaction, completion, 
contentment. A warm glow suffused me. I could feel his cum inside me, knew that even 
now his sperm was swimming through my cervix, into my womb, looking for an egg to 
fertilize. I looked over at his equipment. His cock which had pumped that hot load into 
me, now shriveled, resting, its job done, his balls, the source of his sperm, his genetic 
imprint, emptied of one load and probably busy building another.

We cuddled for a while, chatted about odds and ends, but before long, our hormones, our 
desire drove us to start fondling each other again, to build the fires of lust so that we 
could once again quench them. I had already taken one full load of his cum into my body 
without protection. No real harm in taking a second tonight. I cupped his balls, thinking 
to myself, Cum on boys, Play time, time to give momma another hot load. His fingers 
rolling my nipples, his hands massaging my breasts were getting me all hot and bothered 
and ready for another good fucking. And soon my legs were spread wide and I was once 
again impaled on his hard shaft as he began fucking me again.

Once again we strained against each other, consumed by lust and passion, the waves of 
pleasure rising, and for me, the knowledge that he was riding me bareback, that I was 
unprotected and completely open to him, to his seed. Soon my third orgasm of the night 
convulsed my body and then I felt him swelling again inside me, for his final strokes 
before ejaculation. I closed my eyes and focused all of my concentration on the feel of his 
naked penis in my vagina, picturing it swelling in preparation as his body tensed for 
delivery. And once again he groaned, lunging against me as I felt his penis throb and I 
pictured the white streams of semen shooting through his penis, bursting from the tip, and 
splashing against my cervix, the millions of sperm joining the millions already in my 
vagina. I could feel the steady pulsing of his penis as he continued to pump his seed into 
me, I could feel the increasing heat and wetness of his cum inside me, I heard his moans 
of pleasure and felt his body trembling as he emptied his balls in my hot, willing pussy. I 
held him tight urging him to give me all his cum, until he finally relaxed, his cock slowly 
shrinking in my now soggy pussy, and giving occasional final jerks.

We fell apart, rested, and eventually once again re-kindled our desire, leading to one final 
fucking. After taking 3 loads of his seed from his testicles, I finally told him I needed to 
leave. He asked for my number or if he could see me again. I just smiled and told him no, 
that I really enjoyed myself, but part of the fun of this one was that it was a one time 
thing. I headed home, a squishy feeling in my cunt from all his semen, and finally fell 
into bed, exhausted, but very satisfied.

The next morning I awoke and thought about last night, how good it had felt, how intense 
it had been knowing I was unprotected. And I wondered if it was worth the risk. It had 
been so extremely intense, but what if I really did get pregnant? Was it worth it? I wasnt 
sure. I decided that maybe this was just too risky, I could still enjoy great sex with a 
diaphragm without the risk of pregnancy.

More Adventures

I went several months, going out picking up guys, fucking them, or calling guys in my 
regular stud stable to fuck me, but always with my trusty diaphragm and spermicide. But 
then I began replaying the thrill of picking up a guy knowing I was unprotected, of letting 
him mount me bare, of fucking him bareback, raw, and then knowing he was about to 
cum in me without protection. At first I put the thoughts away  silly, not worth the risk. 
But I kept coming back to them, more and more often, with more and more desire.

Finally I decided I had to do it again, just one more time. The thrill was just too much. 
Well naturally, one more time became two more times, became several more times. I was 
addicted to the thrill, the risk. But like any addict, I started to need a bigger dose, a bigger 
thrill. Then it occurred to me, Wouldnt it be wicked to take several guys unprotected at 
once? Give several guys the chance to impregnate me so that if I did catch, I would really 
have no idea who the father was? Was I nuts! That was just so totally irresponsible. But 
it was also really hot. The idea of several sets of balls emptying their seed into me, 
unprotected, their seed mixing inside my womb, and the idea of the other guys watching 
me getting fucked, taking the other guys loads inside me, and then pumping another load 
themselves into me was just too hot. The idea that I could control, excite, tame, several 
men at once with my hot sexy body gave me a thrill.

I tried to ignore the idea, but my mind kept coming back to it, until I finally decided that 
just for fantasy, I had to plan it out. How would I get the guys? Where would we do it? 
How many guys? I finally decided to find guys on the internet: I could advertise that I 
was looking for a gang bang so they would all know this was a many on one thing. They 
would all be strangers, I wouldnt have to introduce any of my regular stable to each 
other. I could do a certain amount of screening before hand, probably even meet 
prospective studs for coffee just to see that they would be alright, and have them show up 
with blood tests. How many? I decided the minimum was 3, but more than 5 might be too 
many, so I figured I would pick 5 guys and hope that at least 3 showed up. I also had to 
decide on a location  Not my house! But we might create too much noise for a hotel 
room. I finally found a moderately secluded cabin I could rent for a weekend.

Well, I put my plan in action, advertised that I was a hot chick looking for a gang bang, 
and got a ton of replies. After wading through them, I got down to a short list. I was 
looking at pictures and profiles of about a dozen men, of whom I was going to pick 5 for 
my gang bang. Which 5 guys was I going to let fuck me raw, ride me backback? Which 
testicles were I going to let empty their genetic blueprint into my womb? I emailed the 12 
finalists and set up individual meetings with each, telling them to bring current blood test 
results. Well, 10 of the 12 showed up, 8 of whom had their blood tests with them. I kept 
thinking, I am interviewing a guy who just might knock me up. If I pick him, I will 
certainly be riding his cock and taking his sperm in my belly. Of course my intention was 
to not get knocked up, just to play with fire a bit, enough to feel the heat, but no more. 
Still, accidents do happen  that was precisely the thrill. I finally made my selection of 
the lucky 5 and settled on a weekend they would all be available and the cabin was 
available.

The plan was for just a one day fling, all day Saturday. I arrived at the cabin Friday night, 
with the usual monster butterflys in my stomach. I was so excited, nervous, scared, all at 
once. Oh my god, I must be absolutely nuts to be doing this? But wasnt this just so down 
and dirty, animalistic? How many women ever really got to let go this completely, be this 
uninhibited? This was truly taking risks, living life fully. I was going to plant my 
unprotected womb right at the end of up to 5 spurting cocks, each trying to fertilize my 
womb, impregnate me.

Visions of the men I had interviewed, of the naked pictures they had sent me, danced 
through my head. I finally poured myself a strong drink and was eventually able to fall 
asleep. The next morning I showered, had breakfast, and slipped into a sheer, almost see-
through teddy. Soon the men arrived, all pretty much at the appointed time within a few 
minutes of each other, all 5 of them. I greeted each with a passionate kiss, pushing my 
barely clad body against theirs, grinding my crotch against theirs, our tongues exploring 
each others mouths. Naturally their hands grabbed my barely covered butt and squeezed 
my barely covered and plainly visible tits as I greeted them.

So they were all here, all ready, anxious to fuck me. It was time to start. I stood in front 
of them, in my barely concealing teddy, batted my eyes at them, and began, Well thank 
you for coming today, helping me to live out a fantasy Ive had for a while now. Little 
did they know the real fantasy I was about to live out! I wondered how many would be 
extra eager if they knew I was unprotected, and how many would bolt for the door. I 
hope we all enjoy the day and leave exhausted but happy. Im looking forward to Fucking 
each of you, to being a nasty little slut letting a whole group of strange men fuck me and 
shoot their cum in me. I hope you are all as horny as I am. So now, enjoy the show 

We were in the large living room, so I had some room as I began to wiggle my body, 
running my hands over my body, turning both myself and the men on. I cupped my 
breasts, ran my hand along my crotch, and finally shrugged the teddy off my shoulders, 
letting it drop to the floor. I continued in just the shear panties, my trimmed bush clearly 
visible through the translucent material. Facing away from the men, I bent over, wiggling 
my ass at them, then slowly slid my panties down and turned around, my naked pussy in 
plain view. I continued to dance and wiggle about, running my hands over my now bare 
body. You like? You like this hot little body? Are you gonna give me a good fucking? I 
asked. Of course I got enthusiastic responses. Alright, now I want to see those big cocks 
of yours, your full balls. Uh, Uh, Uh, I get to do the unwrapping here. I said as a couple 
of the men started to unbutton their shirts.

I approached the first man and immediately dropped my hand to his crotch, Ah, I see I 
have your attention I said, feeling a large semi-hard penis. Here, let me help you get 
more comfortable I said as I unbuttoned his shirt, pushing it off his shoulders, and 
pressing my breasts against his now naked chest. Now I reached down and unbuckled his 
pants, unzipped him, and pushed his pants to the floor, leaving him in just a pair of 
boxers with a large bulge  a bulge meant for me! Now at last, I pulled his boxers down, 
revealing the first of 5 eager penises that would be squirting in me today. I cupped his 
balls, and gave his cock a squeeze, before moving to the next man. I soon worked my 
through all 5 of the men, leaving us all naked, ready for action. Their eyes were riveted 
on me, the looks of lust plainly written on their faces. Why dont you follow me to the 
bedroom I suggested and led the way, wiggling my naked ass at them.

Time to get down to it. I had the men line up and I went down the line, sucking each 
mans cock, fingering his balls, bringing him to full attention. As I sucked each man he 
would run his fingers through my hair, or reach down and squeeze my tits. As I sucked 
each man, I imagined his balls releasing his sperm, his internal organs mixing it in the 
brew that would be his semen, his body responding to my attentions getting ready to 
mate, to shoot his seed into a fertile female in an attempt to impregnate her with his 
genetic pattern. As I sucked their cocks I felt their silky hardness in my mouth, the silky 
hardness that I would soon wrap myself around, that would soon be pulsing inside me. 
Finally I could stand it no longer.

Alright, I wanna fuck! I told them. I grabbed one of the men by his penis and led him 
to the bed. I hopped up, laid back, and spread my legs wide in wanton invitation. I 
reached down and began rubbing my clit, fingering my pussy as I said, Come on, I need 
to feel a hard cock inside me. The man wasted no time and was soon kneeling between 
my legs, his hard cock sticking out from his body, eager to slide into my pussy. He leaned 
forward and his cock touched my pussy, nestling in between my lips. I reached down, 
grabbing that hard pulsing shaft of life and rubbed it up and down, lubricating it with my 
sex juices before positioning it right at my opening. He leaned forward and I felt my 
pussy opening around his shaft as he slid in. I felt so wicked, wanton, sexy, uninhibited, a 
female in heat as I felt his cock sliding further up inside me, stretching me. I was doing it! 
The first of the 5 men had his bare cock in my unprotected pussy. I was just giving up my 
body, control, to the pure pleasure of unrestrained sex. I hoped the other guys were 
getting even more excited watching me take this first man in my pussy. The man slid in 
and out a few times, going deeper each time, until he was fully seated inside me. I pulled 
my legs up and back giving him as deep a penetration as possible and said, Fuck me. 
Fuck me good. I wanna feel your cock slamming into me.

He growled and began fucking me. The feeling was great as his cock pistoned in my 
pussy, stretching me, rubbing both of us. With my legs pulled back, my ass was lifted 
partially off the bed and he was driving deep into me. We were both lost in the sensuality, 
the pleasure, the needs of our bodies. I could feel his testicles bumping my ass on every 
stroke. Soon I could feel my first orgasm building in my pussy. I was pushing back 
against him, reveling in the feel of his cock driving into me, in the knowledge that I was 
taking the risk of riding bareback, this time not with one man, but with 5. The sounds of 
sex filled the room, the slap of our bodies coming together on each stroke, the slurping of 
his cock in my wet pussy. I could feel the familiar tensing of his body as the sensations 
pushed him toward his own orgasm. I looked over and saw the other 4 men all watching 
us, mesmerized as we climbed our mutual peaks. Soon I would feel this man cumming in 
me, shooting his potent sperm into my unprotected pussy and then each of those other 
cocks would too.

And suddenly I wondered, when was my last period? Every other time I had played this 
game I had carefully planned it so I was probably safe. But this time I had been so busy 
with the logistics of arranging the cabin and selecting the men, I had forgotten to think 
about my cycle! I tried to think, but the steady pounding of a hard penis in my vagina was 
making it hard. The waves of pleasure kept washing over me and I could feel his animal 
desire, his panting and groans of pleasure as we rushed toward the brink. When had I 
finished my last period? I really didnt want to get pregnant, just have the thrill, the risk 
of going raw. But I couldnt concentrate  I hadnt just finished one in the last few days, 
hopefully I was almost due for my next period. Squish! Squish! Slurp! Slap! Slap! His 
penis continued to drive into me, our bodies slapping together. Finally I was able to 
picture my calendar, the days of my last period, and this weekend  they were 2 weeks 
apart. Damn! I was right at my most fertile time of the month!

My first studs pace had been steadily increasing and now he was hammering away in my 
pussy, clearly intent on reaching his peak, shooting his cum into my waiting pussy. I was 
spread wide, impaled on his driving cock, open, receptive, unprotected, and at the height 
of my fertility. I realized there was probably no way I could stop him now, I was way too 
far committed, and after him the other men were not going to take no for an answer. This 
was as real as it gets, our bodies doing exactly what they were evolved for, there was no 
way this guy was going to stop until he had emptied his load right at the entrance to my 
womb. All I could do was lay there, feeling the sensations in my body increasing as my 
orgasm approached, feeling his body tensing as he prepared for delivery. My pussy was 
quivering with excitement. And now I felt a change in his pace, short, deep strokes, I felt 
his penis swelling, even harder and larger inside me, Oh Im gonna cum. I gonna cum in 
you! he panted. I knew he sperm was gathering, his body tensed to ejaculate into me, we 
were both on the edge. Suddenly I felt that delicious heavy throb and knew that he had 
started cumming in me. He groaned loudly and pushed hard against me just as I pushed 
back, pushing the head of his cock right up against my cervix and I felt the steady 
throbbing inside me as his cock pumped squirt after squirt of his cum into my body. This 
sent me over the edge and I clenched around him, holding him tight as my pussy spasmed 
and my whole body trembled in orgasm. I knew my cervix was pulsing, sucking his seed 
up into my highly fertile womb but my body was simply glowing with a combination of 
my own pleasure and the knowledge that I had made this man empty his balls for me, in 
me.

Finally we relaxed and the first man withdrew his now deflated penis from my pussy. A 
second man eagerly took his place, sliding easily into me all the way on one stroke and 
immediately beginning to fuck. Ah, heaven. I was already on a plateau from my recent 
orgasm and he was quickly stroking up to the next peak. I looked over and smiled at the 
other men, my recent lover with a wet, glistening cock covered with our juices, the other 
men with eager hard-ons, impatiently waiting to slide them into me. Lover #2 was 
already pretty worked up from watching me with lover #1 and I sensed he would not take 
long to empty himself in me. It didnt matter, his hard cock stroking into me sent me over 
the edge several times in the space of a few minutes. The feelings were delicious and I 
knew that soon I was going to have sperm from 2 different men swimming in my body, 
looking for my egg, an egg that was almost certainly drifting down my tubes and ready 
for fertilization. I reached under us and felt his balls as he continued to drive into me. 
Now he too began to tense and groan, and suddenly I felt his cock pulsing and he made 
little Uh Uh Uh noises as he pumped his sperm into me.

After he was finished I rolled over on my hands and knees, waving my naked (and now 
well fucked) pussy at the remaining men in invitation. Soon I felt a man on the bed 
behind me, a strong pair of hands on my hips, my third cock of the day nosing into my 
vagina. Soon he was fucking me hard, sometimes bent over grapping my tits, sometimes 
upright holding my hips as he drove into me. I reached under and felt his balls and his 
hard shaft, wet with juices from myself and my previous lovers. Come on baby, empty 
those balls in me. Give me all your cream I said as I ran my fingers over his balls. Soon 
he obliged me, groaning as his cock pulsed inside me, adding still more sperm to my 
overflowing cunt.

The final two men fucked me and by the time they were done, stud number 1 was ready 
and eager to go. The visual stimulation of watching me getting fucked turned him on and 
I was eager to have him back in my soggy cunt. We fucked all day, in different positions, 
each man emptying at least 3 loads in my overflowing pussy. Finally, the men were worn 
down and the sun was low in the afternoon sky. The men dressed, I thanked them each 
for coming and cumming, gave them each a pat on the crotch and they left, thanking me 
for a wonderful afternoon. I had cum running out of my pussy and down my legs, the bed 
was soaked with our sex juices, and my pussy was so sore I could barely walk, but sore in 
a most pleasant way. I collapsed on the bed, thinking of all the male sperm now inside 
my body, how I was at the peak of my fertility and how those waves of different sperm 
would probably soon surround my unprotected egg. I replayed portions of the day in my 
mind, remembering the men groaning as their cocks pulsed inside me, depositing that 
sperm, the looks of lust on their faces. And I drifted off into an exhausted sleep.

Well, that did it. My belly is swelling up nicely now, I am definitely showing, and I have 
no idea which of the guys is the father. I feel sexy when I go out, I like showing off my 
bulging belly, Look, I took some guys cock in me, fucked him, let him knock me up. 
Of course people walking down the street seeing my pregnant belly know I have fucked 
to get like this, but they have no idea that I fucked several guys and have no idea who the 
father is, whose testicles produced the sperm that impregnated me. I wonder what I will 
put on the birth certificate? I wonder what I will tell my baby when he/she asks about 
their father?

Am I worried about being a single mother with no idea who the father is? Well, yes, 
somewhat. Will my parents understand? Hell no. What will my friends think? Not sure. 
But you know what? It was fun, it was a real thrill, and it is kind of exciting being 
pregnant. And I am already thinking about after the birth  maybe Ill try some 
unprotected inter-racial sex. I wonder what that will be like?

