ORFANS: HILDA'S DIARY

Beryl Graduates

BY PENT

Part 3

Friday, May 19, Morning

Beryl and I had both slept the sleep of the just . . .

We broke our fast at the table that looks out over the glorious
sweep of Richmond Park in the first light of day. Our friends the
deer were gracefully feeding in the dappled sunlight; the mothers
were suckling their young, as they rammed their mouths hungrily
up into the mother's dugs.

We drank milk ourselves, and ate bread and honey. Beryl was
staring thoughtfully out of the window as she munched.

At last she said:

"Mistress Hilda can I ask a question please?"

"Yes, Beryl, of course you can! Whether I can answer it is
another thing".

"Well, Sir Thomas and his Grace the Duke both put their . . .
things in my mouth until they got stiff, then the doctor measured
their stiff . . things.

"Now doctor Yarrow keeps measuring how far he can push something
up inside my bottom, and is trying to make it go further.

"Mistress Hilda, are Sir Thomas and his Grace going to push their
stiff . . things . . up inside my bottom?"

She had guessed!! What to say?? I decided to trust her . . .

"Well . . er . . when they do that, it will give you the most
lovely feeling, Beryl! I only wished they wanted to do it to me . . .

"Please don't tell anyone that I told you, though . . . It could
get me into bad trouble".

"Like the trouble you got into yesterday when you told Giles to
put his fist up into my bottom? I liked that . . . I hope the
doctor didn't hurt you too much with the caning he gave you".

And the naughty girl giggled to my face in a conspiratorial way!!

"You mind your manners . . . and mind your own business, Miss . .
Just don't tell anyone what I've let you know, Or I'll never let
you into any secrets again, ever!"

"I'm sorry! I didn't mean to be rude, Mistress Hilda! When they
push their stiff . . things . . into my bottom, will it hurt a
lot?"

"Don't keep calling it a Thing, Beryl. Men call it a Yard. Though
it's not as nearly as long as that really: They just like to
think it is. It's really only about six or seven inches . . .

"And, it will feel wonderful for you, if they do it right, and
I'm sure they will. They'll spend a long time with grease on a
finger pressing it on the hole in your bottom, until the finger
just slides easily up into you.

"Then they may do the same with a thumb until that slides easily
in and out of your bottom, too.

"Last of all, he will probably have you lie flat on the bed maybe
with a pillow under your tummy while he lies on top of you and
slides his stiff yard, well greased, up up up into your lovely
soft warm bottom, Beryl.

"You'll love it, Beryl . . . it will give you a most gorgeous
feeling that goes right through you, Beryl!!!

"And don't forget to tell him that you like it; men want to hear
that you enjoy what they are doing to you while they are actually
doing it".

"I said he will probably lay you face down flat on the bed, but
men sometimes prefer you to be bending over, touching your toes
or bent over the edge of a table or the back of a chair when they
first go into you.

"It can make it easier for him to slide his stiff yard all the
way right up into you the very first time he does it.

"While he is sliding his yard in and out of you to get his
excitement, don't forget to rub your cunnie with your hand to get
your own pleasure, Beryl . . . Just like you did yesterday while
doctor Yarrow was pulling the beads in and out of your bottom.

"You liked that, didn't you Beryl?!"

"Mistress Hilda. Thank you so very much for telling me all this!"

And the dear girl came around the breakfast table and gave me a
big hug and a kiss . . .

"You will make sure they do things right, won't you, so they
don't hurt me, dear Mistress Hilda!"

"I can't promise they'll always let me be there, but I'll do all
I can, dear Beryl".

I put my hand up under her nightdress and gave her soft warm
bottom an affectionate squeeze:

"Now, off to remove your nightdress and bend over the edge of the
table ready for your clysters. I am to pump three into you of a
gallon each, the doctor said, just like yesterday, one soapy and
two of clear warm water, and each one a full Imperial gallon".

And I did that with Jane's help, just like yesterday, so when the
doctors came at nine she was clean and smelled lovely . . . and
sitting naked on the inversion seat, ready.

After a brief "Good day to you all", Doctor Yarrow fitted the
platform above Beryl's thighs and made sure the support pads
fitted right on her shoulders, then we rolled the seat to invert
her.

Just as yesterday, we put the chocks in place, removed the top
part of the wheels with the seat, and strapped Beryl's thighs in
place, well apart, so she could play with her cunnie if she was
so minded . . .

Doctor Yarrow did most of the talking as he ran his hands lightly
and sensuously over the lovely bottom facing up at him with her
coral rosebud sweetly waiting:

"We always start, doctor Abercrombie, with a careful examination
using the optical rectascope", which he then did.

"Now, I insert this ring to hold her anus open a little more than
half an inch . . . Being inverted, her innards pull down away
from her hole, and this makes a narrow gaping cavern of her
rectum . . .

"You focus the light carefully, doctor Abercrombie, and you see
straight down through the narrow tube of her rectum to the
entrance to the colon beyond it, without any optical instrument:
Take my mirror and try it".

"Ah! Yeeees! And I see the colon, going off to our left".

"Indeed! Our work yesterday began the straightening . . Today we
will use the direct approach . . .

"We want seven inches, so we use this ivory rod of seven inches,
half inch across, rounded at the lower end, a hole for a peg to
fit in the top end . . . grease it . . . and slide it dooooown
into her bottom.

"See! Nearly four inch stays sticking out . . . Now, I put a
weight on top . . . two pounds to start. The weight is flat like
a book and fits on the rod to stand on its edge.

"This may be heavy enough to secure our objective if we simply
leave it . . . and enjoy a dish of tea by the fire . . . Jane,
please be good enough to pour it for us - a little milk and two
spoons of honey for me, please.

"My dear, you will help if you try to push the ivory rod out of
your bottom. Thrust like when you shit . .

"Puuuuuush...

"There, you see the rod moves up; now let it fall quickly back,
deep into your bottom again.

"And again . . . And again . . . Good, the rod will slowly work
its way down further into your bottom . . .

"Just keep doing that . . . good!"

The doctors sat beside the fire for their tea, while I lowered
myself to a cushion on the floor at Beryl's head between the two
wood wheels so I might talk with her and relieve her loneliness.

"Beryl, how are you feeling with every one's attention on your
bottom? (I tried to make light of the situation . .) Are you
fairly comfortable?"

"Thank you, Mistress Hilda. And thank you for coming down to
speak with me . . .

"Do you think I will be like this for long? The thing in my
bottom does not hurt at all, it feels rather nice pressing down
in there, really, and I can get it to move up and down like the
doctor said!"

"I have no idea how long the doctor needs you like this: Let's
recite nursery rhymes to pass the time . . . as long as you keep
pushing on the rod in your bottom, as he told you!

"I'll start:

"London bridge is burning down, Burning down, burning down.
London bridge is burning down, My fair lady".

"A ring a ring of roses, A pocket full of posies. Atishoo!
Atishoo! We all fall down.

"And everyone falls on the floor. I like that one!", said Beryl.

And on we went with one rhyme after another.

Beside the fire, doctor Yarrow was talking:

"I obtained the ivory beads that we used yesterday from a ship's
doctor who had journeyed to China. In the Emperor's courts, young
girls are prized per anum as sensuously unparalleled.

"They are prepared in the way we are doing at about age seven and
the beads alone are adequate. The seven year old girl can then
take the full yard of a full- grown man into her bottom, and to
her mighty great pleasure!"

And on with much more improper talk, I thought.

Friday, May 19, Noon

After some hour of talk and tea drinking by the fire, doctor
Yarrow called doctor Abercrombie to accompany him and came over
to Beryl, whom I had been encouraging in her efforts to thrust
the ivory rod, with its two pound weight, up from her bottom,
then let it slide quickly back down again . . .

"How are you doing, my dear? All right I hope? . . . . Good!

"Now let's see how far the ivory rod is now sinking down into
your bottom . . . Thrust it up one more time, then let it slide
back down into your bottom again so I can see you do it".

Beryl thrust upwards valiantly, so the ivory rod rose a full inch
with its two pound weight perched on top like a book on its edge.

"Hmmmmm. Just a little further in . . .

"Let me consult with you both in the other room".

And we followed him out to Beryl's room:

"Listen carefully, please!

"If we add more weight to the two pounds already pressing the rod
down into her rectum, we run great risk of straining the wall.

"But in my experience, we may be able to straighten her colon
very quickly, without the use of additional weights".

"Mistress Hilda, I am going to bolt a guard that fits over the
weight so no one can hit it - that is why the weight is flat like
a book.

"Then I want you to apply a cane briskly to her bottom, six times
below the guard, where her bottom meets her thighs, then six
times above the guard, then six more below the guard, and so on,
until I tell you to stop . . .

"Make the caning a complete surprise and do it hard to get the
greatest effect: hide the cane from her sight so she has no idea
what is about to happen.

"Her surprise and sudden pain may jolt her enough to un-moor the
colon from inside her bottom.

"Let us go back now and surprise her".

We went back into the room with Beryl, and doctor Yarrow took the
wooden guard from his box, and bolted it over the protruding rod
with its lead weight on top, so I could not possibly strike the
weight when I caned her bottom.

I had taken a willow cane from the jar and concealed it in the
folds of my dress so Beryl would not see it and placed myself
ready to beat her with it, hard, on her unsuspecting bottom . . .

Doctor Yarrow nodded to me:

SWISSSSH - CRACK went the cane onto Beryl's soft warm bottom.

"AAAAAAAH!!"

SWISSSSH - CRACK it went again.

"AAAAAAAH!! AAAAAAAH!!"

SWISSSSH - CRACK again.

"AAAAAAAH!! AAAAAAAH!! AAAAAAAH!!"

Poor Beryl was completely unprepared for the sudden pain and the
fright she got . . .

On and on I went with the caning, and Beryl shuddered violently
with every blow. Doctor Yarrow was crouched on the floor to peer
inside the guard at the position of the rod in Beryl's bottom.

After ten or twelve hard cuts across what had been her
ivory-smooth bottom the doctor held up his hand and said:

"Stop! That's enough!!

"The rod has slowly sunk completely down into her bottom!! Get a
cloth soaked in cold water to soothe her".

And he quickly removed the wooden guard that ensured that I had
not struck the rod or weight with the cane . . .

I cooled poor Beryl's bottom and dried it gently as she sobbed
lamentably from our harsh treatment.

Doctor Yarrow lifted the weight and rod from Beryl's bottom and
slid his rectascope in to examine the walls of her rectum . . .

And he was now able to slide it in about twice as far as before,
a full seven inches, after the ivory rod had sunk so far in . . .

Doctor Abercrombie and I waited anxious for his verdict, Beryl
still sobbing her heart out - Had we pierced Beryl's colon with
the ivory rod??

If we had, she was now in most serious trouble with an internal
perforation . . .

But his smile told us everything: good news!

"She is lovely and straight now!!!

"We will return her to an upright position as quickly as we can",
which he did, and released Beryl from the "inversion seat".

"Enough for today . . .

"Beryl, I want you to lie on a couch for the rest of today, and
an early night to bed.

"Mistress Hilda, do you treat with this laudanum ointment inside
her colon as well as the sore welts on her bottom from the cane.

"No clyster tomorrow - Beryl has had enough clean-out for a week!
Just ordinary washing with cloth and warm water, like every day.

"And we will see you again at nine o'clock in the morning".

In spite of her tears, Beryl managed to say:

"Good night, doctor Yarrow, and thank you kindly!", which a most
pleasant surprise to both the doctors.

"It has been our great pleasure to serve you, young Miss",

And they turned to smile at her as they left the room . . .

I pulled the couch over to the window so Beryl would be able to
look out again at Richmond Park and Jane and I helped her over to
lie down peacefully for the afternoon . . .

She refused lunch and slept until two o'clock . . .

Saturday, May 20, Morning

The two doctors, Abercrombie and Yarrow, arrived promptly at nine
o'clock just as they'd promised.

"Good morning! Beryl, I want you once more in the inversion seat.
But this is going to be an easy morning for you".

And we soon had Beryl with her clothes off and naked again,
upside down and strapped in place with her lovely creamy-white
bottom and pink lips facing upwards.

Beryl was held completely helpless, with no way to protect
herself from anything the doctors might take it into their heads
to do to her cunnie or her bottom . . .

But on this morning, they had said things would be easy for her.

"Beryl, the start of your colon is now in line with your rectum.

"We wish you to get used to holding inside your bottom something
solid but flexible that is about seven inches long.

"I have a long pork sausage here, about as thick as my little
finger, that has been made in the kitchens specially for you, and
I am warming it in hot water.

"The outer skin is pig's intestine, in the usual way, so it will
slide into your bottom very smoothly".

"I want you to keep the sausage right up inside your bottom all
day, whatever you are doing . . .

"We will use the twine on the end of the sausage to pull it out
again, later this afternoon when we return. But you will likely
be able to shit it out for yourself.

"Now, you are going to find it excites you to walk around with
something like this inside your bottom . . . That doesn't matter
and you can frig yourself as much as you want.

"If you want a really exciting experience, my dear, I recommend
the children's rocking horse!!"

"Your bottom will try to shit the sausage out from time to time.

"Don't let it happen!!!

"Push it back up into your bottom with a finger, if you need, but
do not let that sausage come out of your bottom until I see you
again this afternoon!"

"It should be warm by now . . . I'll grease your bottom inside so
it will go in easy".

And he used the pork fat I had got from the kitchens on his
finger.

"There . . . I can't reach any further . . .

"The sausage itself will carry the grease further . . .

"I grease the sausage too . . . and press the warm round end
against your hole . . . and press down while I rock the sausage
from side to side, back to front . . .

"And theeeeeere it goes . . . sliiiiiding down down down into
your bottom . . . aaaaaaall the way in . . . . Until your lips
close over the end, and all seven inches of the sausage are
inside your bottom, with your lips closed over the end, and
you'll keep the seven inch sausage inside you until I come back
this afternoon and see you again".

"Let us now release you from the inversion seat and you can start
to move around as though nothing unusual was going on inside you.

"We will see you again about four o'clock".

And the doctors left.

I led Beryl, walking cautiously, over to her seat at the table by
the window, while Jane and I cleaned up everything in the room.

Beryl stood up and sat down again several times, more and more
quickly . . . then sat still without moving.

By this time, Jane had left the room, and Beryl said:

"The doctor is right . . . it is exciting!"

"Mistress Hilda, can I go and try the children's rocking horse
like the doctor said?"

"I'll have Jane take the children out to the park first. Just
wait there a moment, Beryl".

Ten minutes later, I returned and said:

"Best remove your cloathes, Beryl, so we can see all that is
happening".

I did help her undress, then I beckoned to her and she did walk
ahead of me to the nursery, walking slowly with the cheeks of her
bottom clenched together.

By the rocking horse she raised her leg to put it up over the
rocking horse, then gasped and clapped her hand to her bottom.

"I near lost it then!"

I went to her, and used my hand pressed firmly into her bottom to
hold the long sausage inside while she got herself up, and she
gasped loud again as she lowered herself down into the leather
saddle.

"It pushes a very long way in as I sit down on the saddle . . .

"And it does give a strange feel . . .

"It's nice!"

And she cautiously began to rock the horse, with her feet in the
stirrups and swaying her body back and forward to make the horse
move:

"Ohhhh! Ohhhh! It can feel it moving up inside me each time I
lean back. Ohhhh! Ohhhh!"

and Beryl started to squirm and snake her hips around on the
saddle and soon became red in the face and started to moan and
groan until she was in an ecstasy of bouncing her bottom up and
down in the saddle of the rocking horse until I feared she would
break it . . .

Of a sudden her body went rigid, her legs stiff and straight,
while a primitive growl came from deep in her throat like I had
never heard her before.

Then she sank down in the saddle and slumped her shoulders: her
climax had passed . . .

After Beryl began to move again, I helped her to slide down out
of the saddle with my hand clasped firmly into her bottom, and as
the end of the sausage began to poke out of her, pushed it gently
back up inside, which made her moan once more as she sat herself
careful in her chair.

"Ohhhhh! That's wonderful!!! I could keep doing this all day!!!!"

"Listen, Beryl, If a thin sausage feels so exciting, just imagine
what it will be like as Sir Thomas or his Grace slides his yard
up into your soft warm bottom until your two cheeks are flat hard
against him and he can push no further up into you . . .

"You only have a thin sausage inside your bottom now, but the
men's yards are much thicker and they will feel heavenly when
they are far up inside you and you are bringing such joy to the
man who holds you, as well as to yourself.

"Do no more today that would excite you, or you will not so much
enjoy what you do tomorrow!"

"Tomorrow?! You know?? You're sure it'll be tomorrow???"

"I'm not sure . . . but the children and all the servants will be
at church, and what better time could there be for Sir Thomas and
his Grace to enjoy the first fruits of all the care and expense
they have been to on your account?!"

"Oh! Mistress Hilda! I do hope so . . . It will be wonderful!"

"I expect they will want me to cane you first, just as I do for
m'Lady Cynthia, so it is easy for them to enter you!".

"That will make it even more wonderful, Mistress Hilda.

"You will cane me well, won't you?!

"Ohhhh! I can hardly wait . . .

"I am so excited!!"

"Best to stay very quiet for the rest of today, then, so you are
rested and fresh to enjoy yourself, and to bring them great joy
too, tomorrow!"

"I will sit quietly here and read a book. Can I start "The
History of England" by Mr. Goldsmith, please, the one you said I
should read?"

"I'll get you the first volume from the nursery, if you promise
to sit quietly for the rest of the day, Beryl".

And Beryl sat reading, except to eat a light luncheon that I had
ordered, giggling at some of the things said in the book, until
the doctors returned at four o'clock.

The doctors Abercrombie and Yarrow came again as promised,
exactly at four o'clock:

"Well! How has the patient been, Mistress Hilda?!"

"Quiet and well-behaved, doctor!"

"Come, I need your clothes off and to have you in the inverter
seat again".

Beryl undressed, as she was so used to doing now for the doctors
- she *did* move so gracefully and without self-consciousness
even when stark naked and without clothes, and trying to keep a
seven inch sausage up in her bottom without clasping her hand
there - and sat herself on the seat.

We rolled her over and Doctor Yarrow took the twine that came out
of Beryl's bottom, and gently pulled at it:

"Let your bottom open to release the long sausage that has been
up there inside you all day, my dear . .

"Thaaaaaat's it . . . . ooooout it all comes!

"Now we will examine you to make sure there has been no strain on
the walls of your rectum", and both doctors in turn slid the
glass rod of the rectascope slowly down into Beryl's bottom as
they carefully examined her.

At last doctor Abercrombie had finished his examination and said:

"I find no redness or sign of stress anywhere inside her rectum".

"Indeed we are agreed on that! Tell me, Mistress Hilda" said
doctor Yarrow, "Did the patient complain at any time during the
day of discomfort due to the very long object in her rectum?"

"She made no complaint, doctor Yarrow! "On the contrary, she did
rather seem to enjoy it".

"Then let us revert her to the upright position and release her
from the seat!" When this was done:

"Mistress Hilda, I am about to inform Sir Thomas that we have
completed our work here, and Beryl is now prepared ready for him
and his friend the Duke.

"You have been a very good patient, my dear, and I will be sure
to let Sir Thomas know it:

"We have done in only three days what sometimes takes fourteen!"

"I will send my man for the equipment.

"I bid you both farewell, with every good wish for your futures.

"It has been most pleasant to serve you".

And with this pretty speech, he bowed and both doctors left us.

I was left alone with Beryl, wondering exactly what was to happen
next . . .

We did not have long to wait - Jane entered saying:

"Sir Thomas would like to see you in the Library, Mistress
Hilda".

"Stay with Beryl while I go down, Jane. I do not want her left
alone at any time".

I returned to Beryl in less than half an hour and dismissed Jane:

"We guessed correctly, Beryl!!

"At ten o'clock tomorrow I am to take you to see Sir Thomas down
in the gun- room.

"And I'm to have you washed and clean, inside as well as out!

"Let us go early to bed after our supper tonight, for I must give
you a clyster in the morning.

And we were both asleep early that night, much excited by what
the morrow might bring . . .

