Shy Slutty Willow
byMisterUnusual©

"I want to be a slut," Willow whispered.

"What?" I asked. I didn't quite believe my ears. My best friend Willow, who was sometimes shy beyond belief, had just told me she wanted to be a slut.

I guess some background is in order. Willow and I met as lab partners during our sophomore year of college. She was shy and had a hard time speaking around others, but she was hella smart. Over the course of the semester we became close friends and some of her shyness vanished around me. She would still go stone silent around boys, but we girls had a good time together. She was also quite body shy, even around me. She wore baggy clothes and I'd only caught a few glimpses of her body when she was changing.

When summer break came, I invited her to come spend it with me. It was going to be dull with just my brother Tommy in the house and my parents off in Europe on business. She hadn't really wanted to go home to her family for reasons she never got into, so she jumped at the chance. I was glad she was here. We had fun together watching our favorite shows, listening to music, talking about boys, and just being best friends.

We had been drinking that evening, just a couple beers, when somehow we started talking about porn. Willow hadn't watched any so we were seated at my laptop and I had been showing her some of my favorite videos. I'd been looking at porn for what seemed like forever, so it was strange to me that my best friend had never seen anything more than an R rated movie.

I had started her on some easy boy-girl vids. Then I started directing her to some of my favorites, girls jacking off huge cocks and people having sex in public while others watched. I even tossed in some girl-girl that I occasionally jilled-off to. We had just finished a blow-bang video when Willow whispered those five words.

"I said, I want to be a slut," she said while keeping her eyes downturned.

"Willow, that's incredible. I would never have expected to hear you say that. I'm starting to get wet just thinking about you being a slut." I wasn't kidding, either. The words had taken me completely by surprise but my mind was already working up fantasies around her. "That is sooooo hot."

"Will you help me?" she asked while still not looking up.

I didn't have to think about it very long. On the down side, my brother Tommy was home from College for the summer too. On the plus side, Tommy was home too. This could get very interesting from my perspective. After all, I did like to watch.

"Ok, I'll help you but if we do this then you have to be my slut, ok? You'll need to do what I tell you no matter what. If we do this you'll be doing all kinds of things with all kinds of people, including me. You might feel pretty embarrassed sometimes but this will probably really help you with your shyness." 

My mind was racing, this was like a dream come true. I was imagining Willow in all kinds of circumstances and I was getting wetter by the second.

Her face was red and she stammered out her next question. "C-can I be y-your slut?"

"Yes, you can be my slut. Now stand up and take off all of your clothes."

To my surprise, she did just that. She stood up and pulled her sweatshirt up over her head and dropped it to the floor revealing the basic bra I knew she was wearing. She dropped her sweatpants down and stepped out of them. She was nervous and shaking when she unclasped her bra. She covered her breasts with her arm and slid her panties off and covered her pubic area with her free hand. Her light skin was red with embarrassment. 

"Arms to the side, please. That's better. Now put your feet a little further than shoulder width apart. Never stand with them together. We want to make sure everyone can get to your pussy if they want." I was getting turned on both seeing her and talking to her like this. I walked around her to get a good look at her body. 

Willow was a tall girl. She stood about 5'10" and her name was pretty descriptive. She'd been hiding a very nice willowy body underneath her baggy clothes and until now, no one knew. She had nice, firm breasts in the b-cup size and being a platinum blond, she had matching pubic hair, a bit thick. We'd have to do something about that soon. I had an idea there already.

I reached up with my left hand and grabbed her ponytail. I lifted her head up so I could watch her face as I reached my right hand between her legs. I'd actually never felt another girl's pussy before and this was very exciting. I could feel the warm moist heat from her as I cupped her mound. She groaned softly and pressed herself against my hand. I easily slipped my middle finger into her. She was just as wet as I felt. She really did want this. She started humping my finger, her eyes closed.

"Now, now, none of that yet," I said as I pulled my hand away. She groaned when the contact was lost. "First we have to set a couple of rules for you. Ok, maybe just one rule for now. We'll come up with others over time. The first rule is, no clothes allowed. You are not to wear any clothes while we're here at the house."

"But what about Tommy? I can't hide from him all the time."

"Oh yes, let me take care of that," I said. I picked up my cell phone and texted Tommy, asking him to come to my room. He responded that he'd be right there. Since his room was right across the hall, I knew he'd be quick. 15 seconds later the door opened and Willow crouched and covered herself with her hands.

"Whoa," Tommy exclaimed as he entered the room. "Sorry, Willow. Tammy said to get here fast. I didn't know..."

"It's ok, Tommy. Willow, stand up just like before so Tommy can get a good look at you," I said. To her credit, she did. She was still red with shame and kept her eyes on the floor but she stood up straight with her feet apart. 

"What's going on, sis?"

"Well, Tommy, my best friend Willow has confided that she wants to be a slut and I've agreed to help her become one on the condition that she does everything I tell her to do. One of those conditions is that she isn't allowed to wear any clothes here at the house. She was worried that she'd have to hide when you were around so I wanted to ask you if it was ok if Willow stayed completely naked while she's staying with us this summer. Would that be ok with you?"

"Gee, sis, let me think. Would it be ok if a girl with a fucking totally hot body runs around the house naked all summer with us? It's a tough call, but I think I have to go with 'yes.' Willow, I had no idea you had such a hot body."

Willow stayed silent but turned a slightly deeper red. She must have been really turned on though because I could clearly smell her arousal. I'm sure Tommy could too. He had quite a tent in his pants. This summer was going to be much more interesting that I had thought. Home was going to be a great place to start Willow's training.

"Great," I quipped. I bent down and picked up Willows clothes and handed them to Tommy. "Would you please go to her room, get all of her clothes then lock them away. On second thought, just put these in her room and lock her door. She won't be needing in there anytime soon. She'll be sleeping here from now on. Then, if you wouldn't mind, grab everything you need to trim her pussy up and meet us in the living room. I think she'd enjoy it if you gave her a trim."

"You betcha, sis! This is going to be fun. I've never gotten to trim a pussy before."

After Tommy left with Willow's clothes I picked up a towel I had left in my room from my shower that morning and turned to talk to Willow. "Are you ok?"

"Yes," she whispered. "I'm so embarrassed but I'm so turned on I can't hardly stand it. Are you really going to let him trim me? You're the first person that's ever touched me like that and now he's going to be touching me there too. I feel like I might explode. He's going to see how wet I am and just thinking about it makes me hotter."

"It's ok, girlfriend. You are my girlfriend now. I'm not going to let anything bad happened to you. I've fantasized about having a girlfriend sometimes but you're going to be my first in many ways too. I'd never touched a girl until I touched you a few minutes ago. That was so hot. I've never kissed a girl either," I said before pulling her head down to me and kissing her softly on the lips. She was hesitant at first but quickly became more passionate. I broke the kiss, took her hand and led her downstairs.

Tommy was already in the living room when we got there. I guess he was afraid we'd change our minds or something. I led Willow to an armchair, laid the towel down on the seat then indicated she sit down. Once she sat I placed her arms on the arms then lifted each leg over the corresponding arms as well. She gasped when she realized what I was doing and she kept her face down but she never said a word. Probably because Tommy was there. Soon she sat with her legs over the arms of the chair and her pussy completely exposed. I knelt down beside her to get a good look at my new girlfriend's pussy. I had never gotten this close to another woman before and I was pretty excited myself. Not as excited as Willow's pussy looked though. I gestured Tommy down next to me and we both looked at Willow's dripping pussy.

"Wow! Look how wet she is!" he exclaimed. We could see the grool coming out of her now completely exposed pussy. Her lips where open and she was completely wet inside with a little translucent pool of fluid just inside her entrance.

"Yeah, she's totally into this. Isn't it just so totally hot? She's never had anyone even touch her before. I get to be the first person to make her come," I said. She blushed and her pussy pulsed as if trying to grab something it couldn't find. I took my forefinger and dipped it into the small pool of grool. Her pussy immediately tried to grasp my finger to pull it in. I ran my finger up to her clit and started rubbing it in a slow circle. Her body reacted and tried to press into the stimulation. I kept it up and increased the speed just a little. 

"Oh my god!" Willow exclaimed as her body shuddered in an enormous orgasm. "Omigod...omigod...omigod...," 

I kept up the stimulation while her pussy contracted over and over again. Once it slowed down I pulled my finger away and heard Willow whine softly.

"So...fucking...hot...," my brother said. "Can I do it now?"

I chuckled. "Maybe later. First you have to shave our new house slut."

"House slut? Does that mean I'll get to use her too?"

"Yes, Tommy. I'm sure you'll have plenty of opportunities to use our new house slut. But only when I'm there too. You know how I like to watch." He did know, too. Sometimes he let me hide in his closet and watch when he had girls over. This was going to be so much better. I'd get to direct everything. "But first you need to shave her," I reiterated. "Her hair is such a pretty blonde, I'd like her to have a landing strip so we don't lose all of it, but shave the rest. Willow, try to sit very still while Tommy trims you up, ok?"

She nodded and Tommy got to work, hesitantly at first then with more confidence as he progressed. Willow occasionally let out a soft moan when he got near her more sensitive parts and when he was toweling the baby oil off of her at the end, she pressed her pussy into the towel indicating how turned on she was still. Not that we hadn't noticed the grool still being produced by her exposed pussy the entire time Tommy worked on her.

"She's still pretty turned on, sis. Maybe she could masturbate for us. Wouldn't that be hot?"

Willow's face turned bright red, but she looked at me, pleading for instruction. I brought my mouth to her ear and whispered, "Be a good little slut and get yourself off for us. Rub your clit until you come then I have a special treat planned for you."

She was hesitant when she first reached for her pussy. She was even shaking a little but she did what she was told. She moaned softly when she first touched her clit then began to moan louder as she progressed. In about a minute she was cumming again. She jammed two fingers inside herself as she started shaking. She didn't shout out this time, but she was very clearly having a strong orgasm. Once she settled down she blushed and tried to disappear into the chair.

"You've done very well tonight, Willow," I said. "I'm so very proud of how you've taken to the role you asked for. I promised you a treat once you got yourself off for us. Tonight you get to touch your very first cock. Tommy, would you mind if Willow gave you a hand job?"

"Oh hell no," he said as he started taking off his clothes. "I'm about to explode. Willow, you are so fucking hot I can't stand it. You better put the towel down on the floor. I'm probably gonna shoot a lot of cum."

I helped Willow stand then together we spread the towel on the floor. 

"Willow, you should kneel on the back end of the towel and Tommy will stand in front of you. Tommy, she's never seen a cock in real life before, let alone jerked one off so give her some time. Willow, go ahead and touch his cock. Take a look at it, feel his balls. Explore him for a few minutes before you start jerking him off."

She slowly reached up with one hand and grasped his rock hard cock. Tommy was about seven inches long, circumcised, and not too thick nor two thin. If I wasn't his sister I'd probably be all over it as it was just about perfect for long term use. I'd watched him use it with many a girl from the confines of his closet.

It was fascinating to watch her explore his cock. She slid her hand up and down, then pinched the head between her thumb and two fingers. Tommy was drooling pre-cum and she rubbed some over his glans. She cupped his balls and hefted them, feeling their weight in her hand. Tommy was a good sport and let her explore as she looked and touched every inch of his manhood. After a few minutes she looked at me for instruction.

"Take the baby oil he used to shave you with and squirt some on his cock. Then wrap your hand around it and slide it up and down, jerking him off. Be sure to pay attention to how he reacts and how it feels in your hand when he gets close to cumming. Don't stop when he starts to come, keep pumping and let him shoot all over you. Slow down and stop when he stops shooting cum."

She did exactly that. Tommy was just as excited as he said he would be and came pretty quickly. It was so hot watching him shoot his cum all over my new girlfriend. His cock gave five very strong jets of cum that splattered on Willow, then dribbled out a few more squirts on her hand. She let go and looked at the cum on her hand and body then totally surprised everyone, including herself, by licking the cum off of her fingers. She hesitated a moment then started scooping the cum up from her body and putting it in her mouth. Tommy and I were speechless while we watched.

"Girl, you are going to be such a great slut," I said. 

She blushed and managed to look absolutely spectacular kneeling in front of Tommy's now dwindling cock. 

"If you don't eat my pussy soon though, I'm going to die. Good night, Tommy, we'll see you in the morning." I took Willow's hand and dragged her to my room where she did exactly that. 

Yes, it was going to be a great summer.


