The only girl in the team
by BlueMenace 

The only girl in the team part: 2

There I was standing before these boys with my black thong completely exposed. I knew that my fit thighs probably looked very pleasing for these boys and I knew how most of then lusted for me. Luckily my t-shirt gave some cover over my thong but it didn't help much.

"Okay lets jog around the ring few times" the boy that I assumed was probably the captain.

I was still in a bit of shock but I though that this was nothing and it would be over soon. Soon we were all jogging around the ring. My thong felt like it was giving me a constant wedgie during the jog and now that there was nothing supporting my cheecks they were bounced free and I could just imagine the view of people running behind me. The whole time all my focus was in trying to hide my embarrassment I really wanted to dig underground and hide myself from these people. From my teammates.

After the jog I was starting to get sweaty and really hoped we could just start the game. I could sense the boys aroused looks as they were fiesting their eyes with my sweaty legs.

"Okay everyone lets do some jumping jacks and squats next" the captain said.

"Oh fuck" I though when I heard that but I was already neck deep in this shit so I just continued.

As was jumping up and down I noticed how Einar was staring my butt in disbelief how lucky he was to witness a sight like that. He even seemed to have a hard time to breath normally as his body was shaking. I looked at him and tried to smile but he didn't seem to notice.

"Hey Einar. My eyes are up here" I said to him giggling a little.

He immediately shocked and tried to apologize. "I'm so sorry. I... I didn't mean to...", he stuttered.

"Don't worry" I said before he managed to finish his sentence.

We shared some awkward smiles before I continued. Maybe this wasn't so bad after all. Next was the squats. As I squatted I acknowledged well that the sight was very inappropriate as everytime I squatted I exposed a lot trough my thong.

"Well lets do some stretching and then I think we'll be ready to play." the captain said.

"Follow my moves." he added.

First we had to bent over so our hands touched our feet. I felt ashamed as I stretched to the move as I felt how my thong literally absorded to my cunt.

The next stretch was bear squat where you stand on all fours and stick your rear as high as possible. I assumed the position but holded my legs as close as possible to not reveal too much.

"Hey Astrid. You need to open your legs more. Put them wide apart from each other like this" one of the boys said obviously knowing what he did.

I though a moment but he was actually right so I opened my legs wider. I had no way to be sure what could be seen but I had a feeling that it was a lot. It didn't help that I was very front so most of the players saw my back. I heard some whispering but couldn't comprehend the message.

Next one was frog stretch in which you start from plank position but knees on ground and then stretch your legs wide open. I had already lost all my dignity so I didn't even bother to keep my legs closed anymore. After that we did some more stretching and then we were done with the warm-ups.

"Okay lets raffle the teams with traditional method of throwing our sticks in to a pile and splitting them even." the captain declared.

Everyone instantly agreed as that method was the most common among games like this and it was very fair. I secretly hoped that I could be on the same team as Einar. We placed our sticks in the pile and our captain eyes closed threw to into different piles. My stick was one of the first to be chosen and I went to the pile it landed on. My joy was at its height when I saw Einar walking towards me and joining my side. Soon the teams were split and everyone was standing on their side. The captain had joined on the enemy team and we were ready to play. At this point I had already overcome the worst and were pretty chill about being only in my thong.

"I just realized that we cannot get the colored vests as they are locked behind the storage door that only our coach has the key to" captain said pondering a solution to this problem.

"Lets just go shirts against skins like during summer" one of the enemy players said looking straight to me.

I was shocked but didn't have time to say anything before everyone started agreeing. My breath was turning heavy and I tried to think what to as someone in my team already suggested that we should go shirtless.

"Wait...", I mumbled but it was too late as my teammates were already taking their shirts of.

"What are you waiting for Astrid. We don't have whole day to spend" one of my teammates said suggestively.

Before I had time to gather my thoughts I had already thrown my shirt away and were now standing among these boys only in my underwear and shoes.

"That's the spirit" captain said taking a long look over my bra.

Just as I had thought that it couldn't get any worse now there I was without my shirt. I was really having a fight between my thoughts. Part of me wanted to leave right now and never come back but other part wanted to stay. I didn't have time to think before I realized that the game had started and I needed to play.

Who could have predicted what was yet to be come.
