Dare Me
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - Chapter 13 - Hardship Study Buddy (Part 6)

Rather than a football field, the video began in a gymnasium with a bunch of girls standing on mats and casually talking to each other. And instead of their uniforms, they were dressed in leotards. Having previously only seen a small part of the video, the change in venue and attire immediately captured my attention.

From off screen, a girl, whose voice I recognized from last night, introduced herself as Nikki. With the projecting, sing-song cadence of someone who had spent a lot of time calling out encouragements and spelling out uplifting words, Nikki welcomed us, the viewer, to the program. She invited us to follow the squad for a day to experience and learn what it takes to become a real cheerleader.

The overall production quality wasn't that great. For one, the camera appeared to be fixed in place on a tripod and zoomed out to keep everyone in frame. The girls were fit and looked fetching in form-fitting leotards, but from such a wide shot, on our medium tv, I initially couldn't make out a lot of details.

Still, I was intrigued to learn the video, being instructional in nature, intended to cover more than just the series of repetitive cheers and chants I had seen being performed last night. That was a relief. As much as I liked watching girls wiggle and bounce in cute cheer uniforms, last night's preview had gotten a little repetitive.

Nikki said there was one last piece of business before starting practice. She asked all the girls to line up, youngest to oldest, and introduce themselves. With a jarring cut, the camera switched to a second location, a closer shot of a well-lit, but bland, beige wall.

My eyes perked up when a small girl, younger than Lucy, stepped in from off screen. She was built like a gymnast with a slight physique, and obviously nervous despite the biggest smile she could summon. She came to the middle of the wall and adopted a pose which they must have practiced beforehand. She stood with her arms folded behind her back and her feet apart for stability. The position afforded me an unencumbered view of her entire front side.

Forgetting what to do next, she glanced off to her right. Nikki, from off screen, reminded her about what they had practiced. She was supposed to state her first name, her favorite color, and the thing she liked most about cheerleading. With halting words, she began talking, but I stopped listening as something much more interesting registered in my brain. It turns out, you see, that the white leotard stretched tightly over her compact body was proving to be much too thin for the bright production lighting.

The leotard hugged the girl's torso and clung tightly to her; particularly her pubic mound where her thin pussy lips stretched the fabric further into a camel toe. The thin line of her slit ran down the middle of her mound and disappeared between her legs. She had no breasts to speak of, only flat dots of a vaguely different color. Her nipples were little more than tiny bumps in the middle of each circle. I could even see her little belly button peeking through the fabric.

I blinked in surprise and disbelief; thinking I might be hallucinating. I must admit, as a horny teenage boy (and a virgin, to boot), I had constant girls on the brain. One of my favorite pastimes, when I wasn't helping my sister through a dare, was trying to imagine what a good-looking girl or woman looked like under her clothes. Having spent so much time around a naked young lady in my sister, I had grown adept at imagining what another female's hidden bits might look like. But my imagination typically had to work harder than this!

It just didn't make sense. Why would someone put a girl in front of a camera dressed in such a way that everyone could identify the exact location and shape of every intimate part of her body? I mean, it was clearly a low budget production run by someone of marginal competence. But did no one think to hire a wardrobe consultant? Didn’t anyone in charge have experience or basic knowledge of studio lights?

Her line delivered, the girl turned and walked off screen. After looking down at my own clothes to make sure I hadn’t spontaneously acquired the superpower of x-ray vision, I rubbed my eyes and tried to come up with some other justification. Maybe the leotards had been meant to be worn with something else? But being the youngest girl in the group, they didn't think it necessary for her to be given the complete kit? Or maybe, being so small and undeveloped, she didn’t fit the normal leotards and they had to improvise, just for her. Surely, the girls wouldn't all be dressed that way, right? At least not the older, more mature ones...right?

I didn't have to wait very long to disprove my theory. When the second girl stepped into frame wearing the exact same style of incredibly thin leotard, I grinned. She couldn't have been much older than the first girl, but she was clearly a little further along in her physical development. Her straight, brown hair was long enough to reach the middle of her back, even pulled up as it was into a ponytail.

Unlike the first girl, who, as a gymnast, was at least at home wearing leotards, this one was more self-conscious. Her posture communicated discomfort and a worry that the assigned outfit was too skimpy for comfort. On that point, I couldn't disagree.

She stood sideways with her arms hugging her chest to protect her modesty while her big brown eyes stared at the scary camera. Like a fawn trying not to be spotted by a predator, she remained perfectly still; not even daring to breathe. But self-appointed director Nikki snapped her out of her frozen daze by hissing "parade rest!" from somewhere off-screen. She blinked her eyes with a start. Then, fighting to control her obvious sense of embarrassment at having her growing body revealed to the audience, she turned to the camera and reluctantly moved her hands behind her back like she had been instructed.

A blush formed on her cheeks when she realized she could no longer prevent her prominent little breasts and stiff nipples from making an appearance. Her twin cones had just started to sprout on her chest, forming adorable matching peaks under her white leotard.

She was skinny, but tall for her age; her frame just starting to form curves. And the expression on her face, I recognized, as one Lucy had made many times under similar duress. Under the bright lights, she sensed she was being exposed, but also powerless and unsure what could be done about it. It wasn't just her breasts she had to be worried about. On her protruding mound, two tight lower lips hung prominently between her slightly spread legs; the white fabric offering only partial concealment.

Left no choice but to power through it, she rushed to deliver her line. Then she snapped her hands back over her chest and, to my annoyance, quickly exited the spotlight. Damn it! How was I supposed to process and appreciate her assets if another girl was already taking her place? It was enough to make me wish I had charge of the remote control. I would have been in heaven if I could just pause and rewind each introduction at my leisure. But, alas, I was just a bystander. Like a child at a parade, I stared agape as each of the fifteen gorgeous girls (I counted, carefully) in gradually increasing age, dressed in next to nothing, introduced herself.

Despite having just taken care of it a few minutes earlier, I felt my erection return in full force. To keep Lucy from noticing, I had to lay my study book down and cover my lap. If she wasn't there, I would have been doing more than just passively enjoying the parade, if you know what I mean.

While they were all attractive, I could tell right away the girls had been selected for their physical ability and cheering skills, not their acting chops. Their line delivery was often painfully wooden, and many would struggle to speak more than one sentence in front of the camera on command. They didn't have a lot going on upstairs - if you get my drift. But their cute, athletic bodies more than made up for it.

Even though she wasn't the oldest girl on the squad, as the closest thing to a main character, Nikki had the honor of speaking last. My heart skipped a beat as the quintessential example of a home-grown, all American teenage cheerleader appeared on screen and bounced to the middle of the frame. And when I say "bounced", I'm referring to a particularly alluring piece of her anatomy.

I had trouble following her opening remarks. My heart was still fluttering and struggling to beat normally as I was busy staring at her breasts which were taking their sweet time coming to a stop. There was something about them that gave me trouble estimating their size.

Her boobs stood high and proud on her chest, defying gravity. Her nipples pointed slightly upward. They were also larger than Lucy's which threw my perception off. I couldn't even figure out what color of pink they were due to the annoying white fabric blocking my view. But my fingers itched imaging what it would be like to give them a nice massage.

Her charisma and genuine excitement for cheering was contagious. I could see why they had picked her to be the main speaker. Her body, apparently eager to get started, never stopped moving despite allegedly being placed in a temporary position of parade "rest". Her expressive, baby blue eyes somehow gave off the impression of smiling and her head bobbed side to side as she emphasized certain words. It made her curly blonde hair swish back and forth like a real pony's tail might do.

She spoke effortlessly and with the confidence of someone who had perhaps received some formal acting training. Occasionally, she would mix in one of those vapid giggles that all cheerleaders seemed to know. I was so distracted that first watch through, that the only info I caught was her name, which I already knew, and the fact that she had just turned sixteen. Sweet Nikki, sweet sixteen!

The other girls had all stood flat-footed for their introductions, but Nikki's bare feet were too excited to sit passively by and let the rest of her have all the fun. She lifted her right heel off the ground and stood with that knee bent and most of her weight on her left side. Every few seconds, she would shift her weight to the other foot. It's like her legs and hips were also afflicted by excess pent-up energy and youthful exuberance and couldn't wait to get moving.

I stared in rapt attention as her perfectly rounded, sixteen-year-old hips tipped alternatively in a hypnotizing pattern. Had she been dressed in a cheer uniform; it would have come across as perky and cute. But in a scandalously thin, form-fitting leotard, it became something else entirely. Her protruding pussy mound followed along with her hips, teasing me through the threadbare white fabric. The small, tantalizing gap between her two plump pussy lips would only show when she shifted her weight. It winked in and out of existence, revealing nothing more than maddeningly short glimpses of her most intimate interior.

However, the small strip of hair she had carefully groomed into an adorable little strip just above her cleft was on permanent display and drove me wild with desire. It was so different from Lucy's total bald look or my own unruly growth. I wanted nothing more than to give it a little pet just to see if she was as soft down there as she looked.

The more I watched her, the more I fell for sweet Nikki. Sure, she was probably out of my league. Being more than a year older than me didn't help. Had she been a fellow student at my school, she probably wouldn't have given me the time of day. The cheerleaders at my school never did notice me back then. But the way Nikki smiled at me through the camera made my heart melt and my loins ache.

She was undoubtedly destined to become a big movie star! Ok, maybe that was going a bit too far. But she sure starred in countless of my dreams and fantasies for a good long while! As far as I was concerned, this silly instructional video was now the Nikki show, and I was totally invested. I couldn’t wait to see what she and her squad of beautiful teenage cheerleaders did next!


Dare Me - Chapter 13 - Hardship Study Buddy (Part 7)

The camera cut back to the frustratingly wide stationary shot of the gym where the girls were instructed to spread out and make room to stretch. Lucy dutifully plopped down, eager to follow along. Nikki called out the name of each stretch, then described the proper technique while the whole squad demonstrated.

Lucy was plenty flexible and didn't have much trouble reaching most of the positions. I did catch her grimacing a few times on some of the more extreme ones, like a full center split. But she wasn't the type to give up on something she wanted this badly.

I could see her hanging on Nikki's every word; committing to memory each stretch's name and taking to heart her advice to commit to regular flexibility sessions, "twice-daily, at least, would be best". So dedicated was she to becoming a cheerleader, I knew she would push her body beyond its limits to keep pace with girls who had probably been practicing these stretches for years.

After everyone was nice and limber, Nikki announced the next phase of their simulated day. It was time to put those mats to good use with some technique and conditioning exercises. The girls had formed into groups of three. That way, for example, one girl could demonstrate a standard cartwheel for beginners. The level two girl also did a cartwheel, but she only used one hand. The last girl's cartwheel was the most advanced and didn't involve hands at all! I'm still not quite sure how she pulled that one off.

My excitement level jumped as the camera cut once again to a closer view of the action and I could once again get a better look at the scantily clad girls. Unfortunately, it had been taken off its tripod and was now being carried by someone who must have never carried a video camera in their life. Even with the occasional shakiness, it was still a huge improvement over the earlier wide shot.

Our family could not have possibly afforded to get Lucy gymnastics lessons or anything like that when she was younger. So, while she was physically gifted, and incredibly determined, she lacked the training background that most of the maneuvers would have required to pull off. That didn't stop her from trying even the most advanced moves. Her skinny arms often proved to be the weak link. She would force her body to contort into whatever shape was required only to have her trembling arms give out and everything collapse into an often-painful looking heap. With a frustrated grunt, she would shake herself off, get back up and reluctantly attempt the less advanced version.

Before long, my sweet Nikki came out with her group to demonstrate something called a back walk-over. Nikki herself played the role of the beginner. It wasn't that they weren't all capable of the advanced maneuvers. Some just held back on purpose to present different skill levels for the viewers' benefit.

The first girl folded herself in half backwards until her hands were on the ground only to kick her feet over her head and stand back up. It happened so fast that Lucy's mouth fell open. She didn't even bother trying to replicate the trick and moved on to watch the second, intermediate girl. She moved a little slower, but even then, like a magic trick, it was too hard to figure out how she was doing it.

Fortunately, helpful Nikki was there to demonstrate the beginner version. She promised to talk through every step, in detail, and move extra slow to show how it was done. Unlike the first two girls, she instructed that beginners should start by lying flat on the mat.

Lucy, relieved to see something she could actually mimic, adopted a similar position by laying down on our carpet. My already high interest peaked when the camera operator started walking forward, effectively zooming in on Nikki's barely concealed, teenage treasures.

The camera loomed directly over her sexy, prone body. Even flat on the ground, she still somehow kept moving her legs. As she eloquently explained the basic mechanics of what she was about to do, her hips wiggled, and her creamy thighs moved against each other. The thin fabric of her leotard nestled tight between her legs as if to provide much needed friction for her impatient, young pussy.

I got off the couch without even realizing I was doing it. I simply had to get closer to her erotic display. I stood erect, in more ways than one, and drifted toward the screen as she lifted her arms above her head and placed her palms on the mat. Her beautiful hourglass figure became even more pronounced in that position.

Ignoring and almost stepping on my sister, who was doing her best to follow along, I drew in closer and listened intently to Nikki.

"I'm going to make my body into a bridge now," she said. Then, giggling at her own joke, she added, "but it's not the kind of bridge you can go on. At least, I hope nobody tries to come on me, teeheehee."

My eyes nearly popped out of my head when she slowly lifted her whole body off the ground to make a backward bridge. I stared in awe at her pelvis which was being thrust upward directly toward the camera. As she slowly walked her hands along the ground to close the distance to her feet, the slit on her pussy mound grew even longer then parted to reveal even more intimate mysteries.

Once her hands and feet were almost touching, she paused and held her pose; bent over backward practically in half.

"Keep practicing your bridges until you can reliably get into this position. It can be a little hard to get in there at first, but don't give up!" she said in her most encouraging voice. "I know, if you keep working yourself hard enough, and if you want it bad enough, you will get to the point where you can do me over and over whenever you want!"

That's when I lost it. In a rare verbal stumble, she had flubbed her last line. She probably meant to say something like "you can do it like me over and over", but instead she said, "you can do me over and over whenever you want."

My imagination took over from there and ran wild with sexual fantasies. Even if I had somehow teleported to her location in the moment and attempted to fulfill my deepest desire, I would have likely failed. For, despite having completed sex ed. in health class the previous semester, I lacked any practical understanding of the art of copulation; the type that can only come from experiencing it.

But that wouldn't have stopped me from trying. My imagination built a scenario where I walked naked up to that sexy and incredibly flexible minx. She would titter impatiently, bent over backwards, encouraging me to hurry up and do her. I would pull the bottom of her leotard to one side to prepare our genitals to experience skin-to-skin contact. But first, I would glide my fingers over her silky tract of trimmed, but slightly curly blonde pubic hair, driving us both wild with desire.

I pictured myself guiding my fleshy pole to rest directly on her padded, upturned pussy lips which had swollen in size and turned slick with moisture; like a hotdog resting in the world's sexiest bun. It's silly, I know. But that's as close to copulation as my young, inexperienced brain could come up with at the age. Then I would eagerly grind and saw my horny probe repeatedly over her receptive flesh while she made sweet, airy noises of encouragement.

Overwhelmed and only just able to stop myself before I exploded right there in front of Lucy, I fled the scene. Entering the downstairs guest restroom, I rushed to lock the door with one hand while scrambling to get my shorts and underwear down with the other. Despite having pleasured myself mere minutes earlier, my fantasy coupling with sweet Nikki had refilled my desire meter. My hand, the only real lover I had ever known to that point, filled in for Nikki's beautiful pussy. In less than a minute, I reached my peak. I let out an unexpectedly loud and rather primal grunt as thick fluid arched from my tip and flew across the counter to splatter all over the mirror.

Now drained twice in a short time, my sexual euphoria faded more quickly, and I started to feel embarrassed. I guess I might as well tell you, I had long known about my body's capability to make quite a mess when it came to masturbatory secretions. So, I was usually much more careful than this. I also feared that Lucy might have overheard my exuberant climactic outburst.

I re-dressed and quickly cleaned up the bathroom with toilet paper, taking extra care not to miss any stray spots on the mirror or countertop. Like the good, little student I should have been playing at, I told myself to behave as I snuck back into the living room. Guessing my arousal reserves were now fully depleted, I resolved to stay on the couch with my book and ignore whatever else came on the screen; no matter how erotic it may be.

Of course, as soon as she saw me, Lucy immediately asked about the noise she had heard coming from the bathroom. With a blush, I played it off as an upset stomach. Fortunately, at that point, she was still unfamiliar with the noises I make when in the throes of elation and bought my story. Had this happened merely one month later, it would have been a different story and she would have seen through my fib.

My plan to ignore the tv and buckle down lasted about as long as it took for me to settle into the couch and crack open my book. Apparently, while my absence had caused me to miss out on the rest of the girls' technique exercises, sweet Nikki had something in store to make it up to me. She bounced to the middle of the screen, looking as perky and composed as ever despite our explosive, imaginary love-making session. After a brief, slightly lingering glance, I forced my eyes to look away. That effort only lasted until she delivered her next few lines.

"Now that you have seen some of the things we do during our practices," she said with her typical infectious optimism, "we're going to visit the sidelines where all that hard work and preparation pays off. If you stick around, you'll get the opportunity to learn and follow along with the actual cheers we use at every game. But it wouldn't be fair to ask you to go all that way without a chance to first go behind the scenes with the team to another, very special place."

My ears perked up and I couldn't resist the urge to peek at the screen. I just had to know what Nikki had in store for us next. Her whole face lit up as she revealed the most holy place in the life of a cheerleader.

"The locker room is so important to every cheerleader," she gushed, "Sure, it's the place where you go to get ready for a game or performance. But it's also so much more than that! It's...well, why don't I just show you instead of telling you."

When she suddenly turned her backside to the camera to address the rest of her team, my eyes bulged. I thought Lucy had a nice bottom. But she simply couldn't compete with someone who had a four-year head start in the growth department and had been shaping her ass with constant exercise since she was a child. The paper-thin seat of Nikki's leotard was no match for her world class hemispheres. Like the rest of her had done, her cheeks bounced joyously inside the white fabric when they came into view. They moved independently of each other, flexing to keep her wiggly hips in perpetual motion.

I groaned as I felt another stirring in my loins. Any thought of resisting the sensation flew right out the window when Nikki called out to her squad.

"Ok, ladies, great practice!" she sang, easily able to project her voice to fill the whole gym. "Pick up the mats and hit the showers. It's time to show our new friends how we get ready for gameday." Then twisting at the waist and still showing off her incredible ass in profile, she looked back at the camera and gave a mischievous wink. I groaned again as the blood surged into my recently overworked sex organ. Oh well, so much for resisting!


Dare Me - Chapter 13 - Hardship Study Buddy (Part 8)

After yet another jarring cut, the scene switched to Nikki standing inside the locker room alone. She began speaking reverently about the room being the heart of a cheer team. I couldn’t help but notice she looked...blurry. In fact, everything looked blurry. I could barely make out the objects in the room around her.

I had only been inside a girl's locker room once in my life. At school, someone had accidentally put away the girls’ basketballs in our equipment room and vice versa and my coach had sent me over to retrieve our balls so we could practice.

It was vacant, of course, and laid out exactly like ours with bathroom stalls in the front followed by a large, rectangular hall with long wooden benches. Next came the shower area and finally the equipment room, which was little more than a small, square enclave set into the back wall filled with sporting goods and various other junk.

My mind had raced as I walked the length of the space, imagining all the cute girls who had undressed, showered, and changed clothes in that very room. Since our practice had always been just after school, the basketball team never used our showers. We would just change back into our street clothes and shower at home.

I could hear Nikki's sing-songy voice as she gushed about the locker room being a place of acceptance, camaraderie, and team bonding, but I still couldn’t make her out clearly. The camera operator appeared to be having trouble focusing the lens.

Strangely, the feed was able to sometimes achieve a focus on her, but only for a brief time. Then she would fade back into a blurry blob. About the fifth time that happened, I pieced together what was going on. Have you ever seen a gruesome murder scene on the evening news? You know how they use that blurring effect over the dead body to make it less objectionable? Well, someone must have gotten ahold of that camera effect and was trying to make it work properly. Only, I'm sure whatever they were using for this project was clunky and much less sophisticated than whatever the evening news had access to.

After multiple attempts, they finally managed to get Nikki in focus while blurring the rest of the scene behind her. I thought they might be doing that to ensure nothing improper slipped into a shot while the girls were getting ready in the background. Perhaps it was too much to hope for a totally uncensored locker room scene. But you should never underestimate the power of a horny teenage boy. I was absolutely certain I could extract some level of enjoyment from even a blurry scene of naked cheerleaders.

As the operator worked to become familiar with the censorship controls, Nikki continued her inspirational speech. Between blurs, I got enough clear glimpses of what was behind her to generally map the space. Contrary to what the name implies, many locker rooms don't actually contain lockers. Much like our school, the main room on the screen just had open cubbies lining each wall.

Having earlier heard her mention something about hitting the showers, my hopes remained sky high that I would get to see more tantalizing than just a tour of a comparably bland room. I would even settle for another wide shot of the girls stripping naked and showering together. I mean, how else were they going to get clean and get dressed in their cute little uniforms? Of course, I wouldn't be telling you about it if nothing had happened. But, if I was being completely honest with myself, Nikki's next act still caught me totally off guard.

Wrapping up her speech, she suddenly reached up and started pulling down the neckline of her leotard like it was no big deal. When the hole had stretched large enough, she slipped one, then the other sleeve down and off her arms leaving her shoulders bare. To my great disbelief, and gratitude, she didn't even hesitate to continue stripping. However, at the last possible moment, just as she was freeing her perky breasts from their fabric cage, a new blob appeared on the screen. Damn it.

"There are many perks and privileges that come with being a cheerleader," she explained, "but all privileges come with responsibilities. And just as you take care of your body by eating healthy and doing the right exercises, you must also take care of your assigned equipment and outfits."

She turned her back to the camera and continued pulling the leotard down to her waist where the fabric's retreat was halted. Now topless, but facing away, she motioned for the camera to follow her and started walking. The new blurry blob, which I was beginning to think had been added in post-production by a poorly trained editor, clumsily made its way down the screen until it was uselessly blocking the backs of her knees, for some reason. I watched her ripe bouncy bottom again as she walked, still able to admire it even encased in the remnants of her leotard.

The camera followed her beyond the dressing cubbies and over to some washing machines. Explaining her actions as she worked, she poured in some detergent, set the dial to a gentle cycle, then flipped a switch. As the tub filled with water, the accursed blob started to grow until it was nearly filling the screen. I could only make out the shape of her as she bent over at the waist, pulled her leotard down her long, shapely legs, and stepped out of them.

Standing back up, the now completely naked blur tossed her leotard into the wash and turned back to face the camera. I could tell she was standing in her trademark pose with her hips wiggling back and forth, but the way too large censorship blob kept my naked dream girl nothing more than a frustrating blur.

"Welp, time to hit the showers," she tittered, "I guess you can come along, but don't get me too wet, ok? Teeheehee."

Then, just before the camera cut away to the next scene, it happened! The blob disappeared, accidentally revealing the completely naked cheerleader standing at parade rest and giggling mindlessly. It wasn't more than a frame or two, so fast that I would have missed it if I had blinked. But it was there. I saw her entire gorgeous body from the tips of her toes, up her curving legs, to her cocked hips and playful pussy. The manicured patch of blonde pubes on her lower abdomen led the way up her flat stomach and onto her rib cage. Her proud boobs with plump pink nipples defying gravity and straining toward the sky. Her big blue eyes and knowing smile.

My equipment surged back to full mast as the afterimage burned into my memory. The camera did actually follow her to the showers, which was a large, tiled room with spray heads spaced evenly around the perimeter. I stared intently as she walked up to one and turned on the water. My eyes burned, but I didn't dare blink and risk missing something. But the camera was angled to mostly capture her head, with only the occasional cutaway to show other, not indecent, body parts being washed.

Once she had finished her shower, she retrieved a towel from a nearby stocked shelf, wrapped towel around her body and made her way over to a vanity of sorts, a sink and counter in front of a mirror. I could hear the washing machine motor whirring nearby until she sat down and began blow drying her hair.

Meanwhile, the girls trickled in from the gym. The camera stayed trained on Nikki's head and face with the room blurred out of focus over her shoulder. I could hear the girls chatting with each other once she had finished drying her head and turned off her hair dryer, but I couldn't really make out what was going on behind her.

My arousal raged as I sensed the girls were removing their leotards. You might not know this, but teenage boys have a sixth sense when it comes to knowing if a girl is getting undressed nearby. Whenever one journeyed across the room to deposit her letoard in the washer, she was brought closer to the camera and her naked body was therefore a little more in focus. I heard the tittering laughter in the background as the naked cheer team entered the communal shower.

At the same time, Nikki was carefully brushing out her hair. With every stroke, her towel slipped a little lower. First, it was just the tops of her breasts sliding into view. But before long, her towel was so low that I could see the outer rim of her areolas peeking above the hem. The towel appeared to be stuck on her pokey nipples. I prayed for one more tiny shift to occur. Just one more inch, and the towel would surely slip free of her nipples and drop down to reveal her entire ripe chest.

As the towel hung on for dear life, Nikki finished brushing and reached for her white ribbon. Then, she cheerfully offered to demonstrate how to make a proper high ponytail and bow. Lucy perked up when she heard that. She loved doing things to her hair and would never pass up the opportunity to learn a new technique or style. She ripped ribbon out of her own bow and shook her hair out so that she could practice Nikki's method from scratch.

My heart skipped a beat as the camera jumped to a position behind Nikki and I realized they had forgotten to put the blur effect back in. That the whole screen was now in perfect focus shouldn't have been a big deal, since it was only showing the back of Nikki's head. However, no one had bothered to account for the mirror in front of her. From the camera’s angle, I could clearly see the entire locker room, including the showers, reflected in the mirror.

I watched agape as a dozen or so naked girls milled about the space talking excitedly to each other; completely oblivious to the camera capturing every last detail of their exposed anatomy. Several were still in the shower with soapy water cascading sexily down there squeaky-clean bodies. The last straw for me came when Nikki's towel, also visible in the reflection, lost its grip on her nipples and fell down to expose her entire gorgeous rack. She didn't bother to pick it back up, but just continued explaining her hair styling technique.

For the third time that day, my poor, overworked libido drove me into the bathroom before I embarrassed myself. The sight of so many naked cheerleaders was just too titillating to absorb.

However, before I could bring myself to completion that third time, an unexpected visitor thwarted my routine and broke me out of my pattern. It was probably for the best. There was no way I could have maintained that rapid a pace of self-pleasuring without straining something down there.

