Kisses and hugs need to be put on hold when a new case keeps Morse and Lewis on their toes. All they manage is a smile when no one's looking or a brush of hands when they walk just a little bit closer together than before and it's not enough to keep their spirits up. No matter where they look or who they talk to about their case, there seem to be invisible walls they cannot break down blocking their path. To make matters worse, one of the few people who could have provided them with some insight vanishes from under their noses, taking a possibly vital piece of evidence with him. Morse is on the verge of giving up. Lewis, though, isn't willing to just yet. 

Investigation of the death of Dr. Julian Dear 

A pub at the canal, Lewis and Morse sit hunched over their drinks at an open window, jackets off, sleeves rolled up 

If the circumstances were better, Morse might enjoy this lunchtime spent with Lewis at a pub on a nice summer's day. But the circumstances aren't better and he stares glumly into his pint, or what's left of it. It's one of those days where his glass seems to be half empty, not half full. 

"Now tell me how far you got looking into the college investments," he prompts Lewis. 

The Sergeant looks up at him. "Oh, nothing doing. I don't have the rank." 

Morse hadn't really expected Lewis to get far so the answer doesn't come as a surprise to him. "Don't you, Lewis?" Their eyes meet across the short distance. 

"I didn't go to Oxford, see?" Lewis states, obviously as annoyed by not getting anywhere as Morse is himself. 

"Well, I don't have the rank, either. Why don't you ask Mr. Rennie? Perhaps he has the rank." He likes the Chief Super subbing for Strange no better than the pompous college people who refuse to tell him anything. 

Lewis ignores the scathing remark. "I think there's a tie-up with McGovern. He's a system's analyst, out of work. The DHSS have been pushing him. Well, there's hundreds of jobs in his field. He has a doctor's note for his nerves, though. And his last job was with Soilscan in Gloucester." 

Morse looks up at hearing the company name. "Soilscan?" 

"Yeah, agricultural chemicals and that. Fertilisers." 

"A subsidiary of CORBI International." 

"Yeah. That's right." 

The Chief Inspector pulls a face, annoyed. "There, isn't it, Lewis?" 

"Hm?" Lewis looks at him questioningly while sipping from his St. Clement's. 

"Beaufort is involved with the parent company. It's right there, any we can't get at it. So, why bother to try? I mean, everyone's happy." The look on Morse's face says he's the exception to that rule. "No one's been murdered. What was I doing running through a hospital after a hired heavy? Waste of effort." 

Lewis studies his face. "And you reckon Normington's got the tape? What do you think he'll do with it?" 

Something inside Morse snaps and sarcasm is all he can come up with any more. "Textual analyses for his American students, I expect." 

Lewis does his best to stay calm and focus on the job, not to let Morse's bad mood rub off on him. "I could do a bit of work on Soilscan. Have another look at the stuff from the fire." 

Morse shoves his now empty glass in Lewis's direction. "Have another look at my glass first." 

Lewis looks at the glass and there's a soft note to his voice when he speaks up again. "It's a bit early for a second, isn't it, Sir?" 

Morse glares at his Sergeant, as if to dare him to disregard his request. But Lewis has been on the receiving end of Morse's glares too often by now to be affected by them, so he just picks up where Morse interrupted him. "We still haven't fathomed the umbrella. Nor the pool of vomit." 

When glaring doesn't work, the next thing Mores does, out of habit, is get loud. "What a good idea, Lewis. The sicked-up quiche. Do fathom that. Why don't you?" 

Lewis looks at him for another moment, then gets up. "I'll see you later, then, Sir," he says and picks up his jacket from the back of his chair. He doesn't turn back once and Morse is left staring after him, already regretting snapping at Lewis the way he did, but too proud to get up and follow him. 

Morse's house, late afternoon 

Lewis pulls up outside his boss's house and listens to the music he can hear through the open window. He doesn't know what it is, but it sounds as frustrated as Morse seemed earlier on. He takes a deep breath, walks up to the front door and rings the bell. Morse opens after his third ring. He doesn't say a word but steps aside to let his junior partner enter. 

When the door is closed behind him, Lewis takes a long look at Morse. "Calmed down a bit?" 

Morse nods. 

"Good." He hesitates a moment, then closes the distance to the older man and pulls him in for a kiss. 

Morse wraps his arms around him and holds him close for a long moment. "Thank you. I think I needed that," he says, meeting Lewis's eyes. 

Lewis grins at him. "You should have said, I'd gladly have supplied you with it before. Especially if it had spared me your sarcasm." 

Morse looks at him guiltily. "It wasn't your fault." 

"I know." And he knows it's the closest thing to an apology he's likely to get, but it's enough. "Want to see what I found when I looked through the stuff from the fire again?" 

"Ashes?" Morse suggests and Lewis rolls his eyes at him. "Can we go in there? More light." He points to Morse's living room. 

"Yeah. Sure. Come on through. So, what exciting things did you find?" 

Their case is still far from closed, even though, as always when they put their heads together, they come up with new ideas. Ideas that revive Morse's hope and determination to crack this case. So, in the long run, once again it's them being so different, sparking new ideas in each other, that enables them to close their case.