Hello every body! I am here to confess about my sex
unions with my wife and her mother in a day just 6
months back.

I had been married for 1 year and living with my wife
Jyothi, only one to her mother. After marriage we came
to stay here in Bangalore ( my job here).I am aged 26
and my wife is of just 21.After six months of marriage
my mother in law decided for a visit to us and a one
month stay here with us as she was alone in her home.
Her husband i.e. my father in law had died 10 years
back at that time she was very young but for the sake
of her daughter she kept herself out of another man in
her life. My wife was extremely happy on hearing this.
We had made arrangements in house hold matters etc
with regard her visit and stay, as we are newly
married and my flat comprising only two rooms,
kitchen with a toilet only. And also we were in little
confusion and fear about the sleeping arrangements,
privacy etc. matters.

My mother in law is a widow of about 41/42 of age
having good physical assets. she has an attractive
personality. She has a sexy shape. Her boobs and
buttocks are not very big and looks like not of a 40
yrs or not of a mother's. For first 2/3 days of her
stay with us we were very busy with visitors and
visiting etc. of neighbors. In house she used to wear
sari at day time and in the evening after a bath wear
nightie. When she was in sari she used to wear it down
below her navel exposing her round stomach, very lower
exposing a pleasant view of her stomach, navel button
and the whole area, her boobs (mulas) in 90 degree
supported by very tight bra. In the evening, generally
having a most pleasurable and hot seen for me with her
in her nightie which allows a very good view of her
boobs and the well shaped sexy pair of panty free
butts. When ever she bend down to pick some thing or
wake out of sitting I used to peep in to her back side
having very erotic site that her plain underskirt
(pavadai) alongwith her nightie hugged by her lovely
butt cracks and she simply used her fingers to pull it
back always. 

For 3-4 days my wife didn't allowed me to have sex
after a long period. She was totally inhibited and
shied to have sex because of her mother in next room
and feared about sound, light, etc. as there was some
privacy problems with us. As the structure of the flat
-that is we can use toilet etc. entering from both
rooms with door to both rooms. Even during toilet
times one have to lock the other room's entrance to
it. Other wise if some one in the other room
(generally not) can enter into toilet when one is in
toilet (comprising bath and closet -two in one). My
wife was more reserved type so that she denied me sex
for 3-4 days. And me every time with a strong desire,
inspired by MILS body in mind, every night continued
my attempt to have sex with wife. 5th day I managed to
win her body. With the thirst of 4 days interval,
after a pee, I forgot to lock the bath room door or
to switch off our bed room light, for a moment, I
forgot about the guest in the other room, sitting
hear while my wife lying in bed I succeeded in un
buttoning her gown, my finger on top of her bra cups
pressed hard and she got some hotness so she allowed
me to un buckle her bra by turning into a side and
freed it. I take her brown nipples little hard with my
handling taken in mouth lips and started to suck it
hard and my hands caressing her other nipple and the
breast fully. At last she opened my lungi to sides and
took my penis already hardened- she commented- how big
your andi today (she always call my kunna `andi'
during romance and sex she wondered `grown so big in
four days' and started to fondle and shook and
caressed my little hairy testicle bag. At last she
freed her body herself out of gown and pavada- she
normally not wears panty at night except her m.c.
days) and positioned her thighs vide enough to have a
direct entrance for my kunna . I started to explore my
wife's pooru- little hairy (she used to apply hair
remover once in a month) already wet with love drops,
nibbled and rubbed her (clit) kanth for some time,
lastly she pulled me to her body and guided my kunna
to her swollen pooru and started my action with a hard
thrust `Haiyyoooo' hammmee...`Pathukke...' `Pathukke...' she
uttered. In shot, we had completed one shot within 10
minutes time because of 4 days gap. My wife got
exhausted so much that she couldn't get up even to
have a pooru (cunt) wash. She felt very tired she did
not get down from bed, closed and tighted her thighs
in the same position and turned into a side and into
deep sleep in ecstasy in nude posture exposing her
white big kundi (butt)with a brown colour kundi crack.

After a while I got out of bed full nude went to
bathroom door then only I  thought of the mistake
that I had done in not locking toilet door. Suddenly I
remembered of MIL in other room, I return back to bed
and tied my lungi and entered into toilet there I saw
the entrance door to toilet from MIL's room remained
open. Standing there in Toilet I peeped to her bed
where I saw she in sleep (or pretend to be)- lying
with her back- wearing a single coloured nightie, her
hands were back to head side - a pleasurable seen -
her boobs were like peaks, with a clear view of her
`grape' on both boobs and her thighs were so wide and
her pavadai and nightie bottom open and resting upto
knee leaving her feet to kneels visible, her heavy,
hairless and wheatish colour thighs, I felt a very
hard hardon to my whole body, thinking she is so sexy
than her daughter-i.e. my wife and having good assets
at this age, and start to think about how she managed
to control her sexual desires for the last long 10
years. But she had been maintaining her body very neat
and clean, minimum fashionable, but with flexible
kundi, vibrating one-two basis when she walk. While
viewing her by standing there in short distance
suddenly she take her one hand from head back side,
her hand started to open up front side of her nightie
and pavadi bottom end where it was resting and pulled
upwards upto her waist- my heart started to beat
heavily- but I hadn't able to withdraw my eyes from
there. Standing there I watched what she was trying to
do.

Any thing secrets with her - and for a peep into her
pooru, weather it hairy or not- how it looks like. I
was eagerly waiting - she widened her thighs more,
there I succeeded to have a sight into her whole thigh
and her finger began rubbing pubic hair, heavy and
thick, curly, covering the whole area - a natural
pooru area- by which she casted a girl for me - but
unable to see it fully. After rubbing her pubic hair
area she started rubbing her pooru lips for some time
and turned to a side. May be some itching problem to
her pooru. While cleaning cream from my kunna due to
sex with my wife- followed by a pee I accidentally
seen one panty in cloth line in toilet wall blue in
colour-cross lined, costly-but very shaped one- A new
Item in our toilet cloth line - I took it out and
opened it fully, it was a weared out one, a special
item - I was sure that It is of my MIL's, for the
first time I had seen a panty from my sweet MIL. I
inhaled hardly the delicate area of it to feel the
smell of her motherly pooru, the most erotic smell
from a women, that area her pooru rubbing with the
panty-damn coloured, yellowish in the spot where her
pooru hole hugging, smelled it- cunt smell with a
heavy musky aroma, mixed with urine smell - a full
load of the day- checked for her pooru hair tugged in
panty, collected 2-3 of them and tested how long it
is? 2 inch long.but curly. I wondered. Why she is not
cares about her pooru? May be it associated with her
pooru is out of service for long years. With her panty
in my face haling her pooru smell I began to shake my
andi (kunna) with closed eyes. Within seconds I felt
happened to hear a sound, some one in front of me,
opened my eyes - I saw my MIL was standing in front of
me- my kunna was in erected condition -and visible to
her and her panty at my nose side. I excused, in great
embarrassment I turned to exit but she catched in my
hand and pulled to her side persuade me to go with her
in her bed.


I must tell you that she is really sexy with big boobs
with a nice figure. She asked me why I was playing
with her shuddy (panty) when -`your wife sleeping with
u regularly' She asked me `any thing problem with
her'. `tell me please' she requested. `If anything
wrong with her then tell me' she repeated' "Let me
know the truth" Why didn't you tell me?" I was
ashamed and little embarrassed. What to do and say,
how to respond- but I retained the courage and humbly
said she do not allow to do it daily, she will make
excuses daily, and she is really afraid of my size.
And further I said I am very much impressed in your
body chemistry. She wondered I am your MIL It is
wrong to think in that way. I said I know all these
things, but I am very much...... even I dream of yourself
when having sex with your daughter. Then I praised her
boobs and its shape, well shaped butt and the stomach
area, Etc.... to impress and seduce her more and more .
At least she got wired and from her expression I
understood that she was in mood . While standing side
by side in order to exploit the situation more and
more I touched her body with my two hands and pulled
her tightly to my body, within seconds I touched her
boobs and began to caress, with my one leg rolled her
nightie and pavadai over to waist, with my lips on her
lips. I touched her pubic area with one hand, and
other hand in her butt, in a good move pulled out her
nightie over her head and threw it out now she is in
her fancy bra-but transparent, giving a good sight of
her brown nipples even though it was in bra cups very
tightly fitted-pressing hard her boobs on top of bra
she got more cute and horny so she herself un buckled
her bra from back side and I helped her to pull it out
of her body. Now her boobs are visible, slightly
shagged, bit golden in colour, with brown rounds and
hard nipple, I started to play with it, she closed her
eyes, freed herself what ever I can do, take her
nipple in one mouth- I reminded her about my wife in
her childhood might have sucked her milk, now her
husband in need of it! What a surprise! She at that
time make the comment that is `you are the third one
to suck my nipples'. I regretted to forget him, her
husband-my FIL.

While sucking her nipples one by one my hand went down
to her Pavadai but she forcibly discourage me from it
and requested me to switch off the light. But I
strongly said to her that I want to see her nacked
body fully so that light is required. Without waiting
for her response... in one motion I untied her pavadai
and it fell down in the floor. Now she is in fully
nude, with an silver aranjanam (chain-waist ring) at
her navel area where her dark hairy triangle starts.
My hand reached at her triangle played with her thick
bush. I asked her about why she was not interested in
keeping her pooru area hair free. She only smiled-Then
I started to smell her little hairy armpits one by
one which were little hairy . from there I began to
kiss her body - under side of her boobs lifting her
boobs one by one , then stomach, navel button,  then 
her flat and hairy triangle, her pooru lips .... she
suddenly pushed my head away from her pooru and
covered her love triangle with her one hand, murmuring
it is full of hair, please.... Yes, it was fully hairy
and she had not been trimming or shaving it for years.
So don't... but I forcibly pulled out her hand from
pooru, forcibly widened her thighs further and began
to smell, opened her big brown pooru lips by one hand
to sides alongwith hair and my nose touched her Kanth
(clit), a tiny one may be it was small because it had
been inactive for years- decided to activate her Kanth
(clit) nibbled it hardly, rubbed it with my nose. I
looked at her face and her eyes were remain closed,
little shyness in her face, but more sexy.

She herself laid down on bed on her back, opened her
thighs to sides, her eyes were closed, her hands
mocving on her own boobs, she guided my one hand to
her nipple and inserted one finger in her red pink
pooru, By that time she managed to untied my lungi
fully and I was in naked position, my hard kunna
vibrating it self, she simply smiled, and with shyness
she touched it with her hand. i lifted her legs in my
hand and placed it in my shoulders, inserted my middle
finger inside her wet,soft and heavy fleshy pooru
started to move my finger in and out, and one hand's
finger on her kanth (clit) nibbling and pulling it
out. I couldn't believe how stimulated she was. She
wriggled her hips to admit my finger and, her wetness
increased, she began to moan, brathing heavily, She
began to shake my punna which was in her hand and
pulled my kunna to near to her pooru. Feeling her
kazhappu (libido) more and more growing I allowed my
kunna in her hand to fit it with her trebling pooru,
as soon as she placed positited it there within second
I vide a hard and deep thrust inserted my kunna in my
MIL's pooru which was fully and opened and ready to
accept her SIL's Kunna. Inserted fully it in her hot
pooru, started to move in and out, fully withdrawing
kunna from her pooru upto entrance lips and thrusting
faster and faster, she also support by placing her
kundi, moving up and up in a calculated rythem each of
us kundis moving front to back, allowing kunna and
pooru speedy entering, producing heavy sleeky and airy
sound from her pooru, after some thrust. As I exploded
in her pooru she hugged me tightly as and her hips to
my rod hard wanting to take all of my cum in her.
While spitting I managed to make a few thrust more for
a complete ejaculation with than she also collapsed,
her hips loosed its tightness, she withdrawn her hands
from my body, breathing heavily. I withdrawn my
retiring kunna from her sleekly and, pasty bubbles
bearing pooru, I peeped into it, her pooru was fully
opened, there I could see her reddish kanth, her pooru
hair were totally wet with gum and I saw my kunna milk
dripping heavily from her pooru hole and flowing it
to her ass. Without talking anything, I got out of
bed, walked into toilet, washed my kunna and returned
to my bed room where my wife-her daughter- in deep
sleep. The next morning I had seen her with a bright
and pleasant face, energetic, already bathed, in a
transparent sari, matching blouse and pavadai working
in kitchen along with her daughter. But I was unable
for a direct look at her face. But she remained calm
and cool and as nothing happened mood. I was 100% sure
that she will not disclose it to her daughter. And my
relation with 
So, readers, the next day I felt fully weak . But I had managed to set of to my office timely. During office time also I felt lazy, un-interested in my work, while working - coming up in mind about the happenings in last night. But whenever I thought about that - the clear view of my MIL's nude body - arising in mind and felt being erected even though my kunna is in VIP Frenchie. I felt the day was very long. But under pressure I have to complete my urgent works in office and by 7 `o' clock I reached home. When I reached home wife and Mil were in the front hall viewing TV. Both were freshly bathed and in fresh gowns condition. While walking towards to our bed room to change dress I had made a peep into her face, our eye balls met each other. After changing dress I entered in to toilet. In loving memory of my MIL I searched for her under garments especially her panties. There I found another one from her just washed condition hanging in cloth line. 

With warm regards I took it in my hands smelled her pooru rubbing spot of it. Being a new one, a good looking one with no dampness or colour loss, or tight elastic - extremely smelled in liril bath soap. During bath, I was fully engaged in setting up chances for the next episode with my MIL. But considering the seriousness of the matter I cautioned my self for handling it with extreme confidence, leaving zero chance to suspicion to my wife. Without hurting her how can I able to continue the sex relation with her mom. After a long bath I returned to the room, wear another VIP frenchie and Lungi, and little makeup walked out of house. Standing in porch area looking outside but thinking only about sex and my MIL, she (MIL) reached out of house, standing nearby to be started to talk in general about office works etc. hen came my wife joined in our talks outside and continued chat for an hour. During talks also I was keen and careful about the happenings, little fear also in mind when I look at my wife. But My Mil was firm and bold that was the greater encouragement for me to carry on things in my favour. 

Near about 10 o clock at night we completed our dinner, I returned to out bedroom in a pre-sleep mood lying on bed restated the process of finalizing next stept as I was very much impressed on her body assets and I also want to exploit maximum more and more in this limited days of her stay with us. When ever I thought forward of more intimacy with her - some times my mind brought back me strongly that she is my MIL, the morale, the serious problems that may be arise out of this act, but every time at last I came into the conclusion that I am helping her from loneliness and to reward her for her punctual life for the last 10 years of without partner. In justification to my act I always had in mind a powerful reason that she is not my real Mom so whatever we are doing is not wrong because it's not incest. It seems that she being a widow was getting no attention from anyone... she was lonely and jumped at the chance May be, she must have made up her mind to comply with her sexual urges, as we had been just married, spent many nights in her house, as every one knows there will be hectic sex among newly married youngsters in the adjacent room might have revamped her sex desire/libido thinking about our sex deed and felt obligated to make sex with her young and handsome SIL. The 3rd day morning. It was Saturday morning. My wife already completed her bath and breakfast as she was in hurry with a pre-planned shopping with our neighbor lady. She in a hurry completed the formalities, well dressed, left home for her weekly shopping. I know she will take at least 2-3 hours to return. So that I had made up my mind to explore the possibility of having more sex with her Mom. When I entered her room I could hear sounds from bathroom. 

My cock was now in throbbing in anticipation to her pooru. I could barely contain myself as I waited on her to step out of the shower. At first I checked the bathroom whether it is locked or not. As soon as I felt the door was not locked but only closed, I wrapped a towel around me and reached the bathroom step where she was taking her bath. My heart started to beat as I am about to see and feel something that I needed in the worst way. What happened next was really cool thing for me. I pulled the door in one motion, standing in the door step I waited for her response. She was very embarrassed. She was only in a bath towel (torthu mundu) tighed upto her armpits covering her boobs (mulas without bra inside), covering stomach and half of her heavy thighs, but with shuddy (panty) underneath. She was sitting just like that for a pee and doing washing her pavadai and bra etc. there I was above to see her pooru bum triangle in wet shuddy and her pubic hair (poodas) poking out from shuddy through the inner thigh side elastic of her shuddy. Suddenly she waked and moved two steps back upto the wall side with her hands hiding her chest area and her thighs in tighted condition from my view. My towel was barely covering my one side due to my cock was standing straight in semi hard condition, when I looked down it was very clear to see under my towel. I frankly said to her that `I love my wife but her taste in sex is very low and she is nothing to me in sex'. I continued, `She is repulsed by almost anything other than the obligatory sex in ordinary sex position only'. I told her that I was sorry and that I love her daughter but that `she does not take care of my needs and urges with regard to sex'. `Our sex is only a one way traffic'. My mother-in-law was so upset and fearful that I would leave her daughter that she offered to take care of my desires when pressure mounted. By moving forward I touched her only towel covering her body and pulled it out. Her towel fell down to floor. Now she was only in her rose coloured light shuddy. At her naval area I was able to see her pubic hairs. Her shuddy waist elastic was very low to her naval exposing the starting area of pubic hair. I took her hands and pulled her to my side, tighted my hands upon her back, locked her there. At that my kunna was very hard out of bath towel. As we were close to each other my kunna was pressing her abdomen and pubic area. At that time her eyes were so closed, so obedient to me, but she did not . With one hand I untied my towel and freed my kunna totally exposing to her. 

By working fastly I had entered my one hand into her panty elastic but I was unable to touch her pooru because her thighs were in so tight condition. Any way I tried my best to slide out her shuddy. By that time she was deeply shied , she gave me an innocent look and suddenly made an attempt to retain her towel from the floor but I had managed and blocked and discouraged her from it. Now her shuddy also in the floor, both of us were now in completely nude pose. Her boobs were little shagged- dancing in accordance with her body movement. I started to kiss her mouth lips, neckline area, in between her mulas (boobs), commenting to her that I always have in mind to make my MIL feel good in my home, whatever it takes to make you feel better'. I told her ` Do you know what I want to do now'. As I sucked her mulas (boobs) she began to rub my kunna ,by that time her breathing got heavier and heavier. I could be able to feel her hot breathe. I open the shower, as water started to fall on us I requested her to take the soap from floor, she bent down a little to take the soap once I had got a clear view of her little round black ass hole and kundi cracks and under on it her half open pooru from back, she handled over me the soap, I began to wash her back and big kundi (buttocks) and her belly and so on. 

Turning her face to face to me I soaped her mulas from under side by picking up mula by one hand, one by one, holding up her hands upwards I soaped her little hairy armpits, by the time she was so aroused second time that she started to play with my kunna, and the hair down there of me. By the time I had soaped myself and to soaping her pooru area, I told her to sit down like that on closet, she obeyed but she scared to talk to me anything, I standing on my knees, began to explore her pooru fully. Then I washed especially her 'tits' and her nipples already stiffens. Then I soaped her pussy. I washed her clit and fingered her a little. She was groaning but pushed me away hardly. At that time I requested her to let me clean her pooru hair. But she didn't say any things. I under stood that `mounam sammatham' means as she was not against it. I suddenly ran into our room, bring back my razor with a new blade on it, laying her flatly down along the floor, Open vide her thighs as she can, applied the soap gently on her pooru area, stared to shave from the top of her bushy triangle to downward, but it was a hard task to clean shave her thick and long hairy one, slowly, cleaned the upper area, then with one hand fingers I pulled up her both pooru lips jointly and shave the area and then bottom part of her pooru and the hair on channel upto her ass. She was so shied when my finger touched ass hole. During these times she once or twice remembered to hurry up and finish the job and remembered me about her daughter about to reach. As I completed my job in a hurry applied my `old spice shave after lotion' upon her whole pussy area, then shaved her armpit fully, washed with soap and water, very well. Then I presented a kiss on her pooru, as she was confident enough about her pooru smell and cleanliness, she didn't discouraged me from doing so, got inspired with her trend, I started to pull our her pooru lips to sides, it was fully visible of her pooru's inner area, her clit, nibbled it, rubbed it with my fingers, entered one finger into her pooru hole, reversed my finger and rubbed the upper portion of her pooru hole to find and arouse her g-spot, at one point.. Hammmm..." she moaned I know she loved it, because she groaned highly. I know that she felt urgency of my kunna inside of her pooru, but I had my own plan! I relieve her and I laid my self with my back my kunna is throbbing, standing erect, pointed and positioned upwards like a machine gun waiting ready to fire. In a quick motion my MIL placed herself on me while standing on her knees and hands, placing her knees at the side of my angle With her fingers she opened her pussy lips real wide, she pushed down and I felt a popping sensation as my cock went in her body. I was surrounded by the most soft wet skin I had ever felt. She was not real tight inside, but I could feel her squeezing the base of my cock, then it was looser but real wet, and then something pressing on the end of my cock. 

She started working my cock in and out of her, I looked at her pooro opening when she lift her kundi upwards and down and saw a white ring of foam at the base and milky juice all over my Kunna. As she lifted up I could feel a squeeze as the head would just about slip out, then she would drive almost all the way down. Her eyes were in closed condition, I lasted longer than, when I was getting close I ran my hands up her legs and held her waist with my fingers in her kundi cracks, I started rubbing her anal hole, it was little opened due to her sexual excitement, and the position in which she was, my hands worked very fastly, I touched my sleek kunna top when she move upwards, for having some lubricants and my lubricated finger in to her anal hole, started to fuck her anal hole with my one finger, She was moaning heavily ...haaaaaaa.... mmmmmm. I understood. I bumped up my kundi in comply to her speedy movements, her pooru started to produce sounds, airy sounds, sleeky, bubling sounds, her pussy, I started to finger her kanth (clit) and rubbed it fastly in order to send her to climax, I had taken her mulas one by one in my mouth, pinching the nipples one by one, she speeded up, haa....Mone..... she moaned, within seconds she climaxed, fell down on me, in a quick motion I rolled with her in my arms, now she is in floor with my kunna in her climaxed pooru, I then guided her thighs upon my shoulders, I could see her opened pooru mouth with and the inner area, full with her own wetness, direction my kunna which was wet and smelled with her pooru smell and juice, started thrusting in and out, I requested my Mil to tighten her pooru with pelvic muscles., though she was very tired, she tried her maximum to tighten it, started to move my kunna in and out fully, at last I had pumped a full volume of shuklam (semen) in her tired pooru, I have in mind about my wife's arrival and about the consequences on finding it suddenly I withdrawn my kunna from her pooru and her thighs from my shoulders, as she placed her legs normal he pooru produced sounds, I quickly soaped up my kunna which was yet to reach normalcy and cleaned with water, ran out of the bathroom while fitting my bath towel. 

In the next part I will explain you my MIL's frank talks with me during sex and her confession about her childhood and her short married life with her husband i.e. my Late FIL. Until then please bear with me.

Thanks for your overwhelming response which i had received for my "Confession" series Hope this story also will be appreciated. After a long wait of three days, I got my chance to make uninterrupted love and frank talks with my MIL. My wife (Jyothi) and our neighbour ladies about to leave for a marriage to be held on evening miles away from home. They were about to depart in an hour. I purposefully returned from office one hour early before their departure. So as soon as my wife went, we ( me and my MIL) reached the front door to say `bye' to them, watching and waiting for them to get in the bus. Since the door step is so congested that we were standing back to back my hands slowly started caressing her butt. She wore a light blue colored maxi that day. Her black bra was somewhat visible through her maxi. it was a magical feeling to touch those soft but high butt (kundi) of hers. There I had lined her (panty line) over her Maxi. 

Since now a days ladies started to wear plain under skirts instead of frilled and having many folders type. So it was easy to have a pleasant look on butt (Kundi) and the V panty shape clearly visible in butt. My Penis (Kunna) was getting impatient. I standing behind her pressed my kunna even though it was under many clothes began to rub and pressing it in her kundi cracks. She was maintained an expressionless face, incase anyone would see her. As soon as the bus went out of sight I pulled her into my bedroom. And locked the front door. I didn't want to waste any time, we grabbed each other, and frantically started kissing. She had that sexy look on her face. While caressing and kissing her she said "tell me please" "Jyothi (about my wife) didn't satisfy you in sex" She continued "Look , I've been thinking that maybe you're not at all that satisfaction in bed with my daughter. Did you make her anything nasty any time?" "No nothing" I said. She murmured "may be my daughter won't understand the importance of sex happiness in married life". As I hadn't interested to go forward with her doubts I said "Mom, tell me about your sex life after his departure? "I never tried to have sex with any one after his death" But you have given me something that I can't buy. 

Sex is in human's nature and I admit that I needed it. Just so glad that it is you who provided me with the ecstasy which I was longing and been suppressed for these long years." "I've only had actual sex with you other than my husband. She sighed explosively and took another deep breath. Her eyes have a pleading look and desire in them that I've never seen before. She felt herself so weak and submissive. I said `Mom' `you are so beautiful'. She admitted reluctantly. "You look very nice today. I noticed that you wanted to tell me something but you didn't take the courage. After a good chat, she finally gave up all her stress and and told me everything. I really enjoyed her frank sex talks. Her statements made in me confidence. She continued. "do you give me a grand child. I am eagerly waiting for it" "Why are you making it late? What's both yours opinion?" I said, "Mom, I am ready for it but she (my wife) strictly want to avoid it for two years. "Any contraceptive? `I mean condom' she asked to me. No Mom, I said "it feels nothing" I admitted to my MIL that her daughter always using insertion tabs. I continued "I like a woman who follows directions my well" She said she will talk to her and advice her, without pointing me, but she said she can't talk to her about bed room matters so that she herself cooperating with me. "I know about your problem". She said she will talk with her daughter, but expressed her desire that she just wanted to see how we (me and wife) were doing in bed. I agreed tomorrow night I will arrange her for the sight. But she requested me to take care of her daughter for the whole life, and lead her and teach her every thing. 

Standing in my bed room near to her my hands in her shoulders, my mother-in-law was already holding on my back, pulling me tightly towards her body, making me feel the fullness of her large breasts (mulakal).I had expected to have my hands brushed away, but she guided me, placing my hands on her breasts. I could feel them through the fabric; I could feel her heart beating beneath them. I began to explore further, finding the small of her back, the expanse of her buttocks (kundi), the warmth of her thighs (thudakal). She kept kissing me, with greater strength as I continued to touch her wherever I had the presence of mind to do so. I lifted the hem of her maxi and under skirt (pavada) together, caressing her angles, the sweet sensations on her body started to loosen her inhibitions every time, and placed my hand on her thigh and butt (kundi) I felt her panties (shuddy) very thin fabric a low cut one, I inserted my one hand in the elastic of her panties I have failed to reach at her Pooru (cunt) lips fully but only her hairy triangle- I move one hand from around her hip to the bottom of her stomach. I want to watch her come before I release myself inside of her. I feel her thigh muscles clenched around my hand which was in her panties. She said "I'm forty two years old now but I still manage to get off with my own hand at least once or twice a week, I mean for the last long ten years I have been pleasuring myself when I felt the need arising. But I hadn't have the courage for a second marriage or indulge in sex with any one even though there have been enough temptation from many. 

I pulled her h to my bed and tried to open up her maxi, she herself freed from her maxi and untighed her under skirt I helped her to free it out. Now she was in her black brassier and and black shuddy only her shuddy was so thin fabric and high low cut size that it was very tight, I parted her thighs and placed her knees up side to display her pooru area clearly,. for a view how her shuddy covering her pooru whether it is fully covering it or her pooru eating shuddy. He r poru was so tightly packed in it that just I can see her clit mounted in cloth like that of a bumb. I inserted my two hands from side ways to her shuddy and pulled her pooru lips to sides out of her panty. Now her panty totally tugged in her pooru crack.then I slowly slided her shuddy down wards, she herself un hooked her brassier now her mulas were in erected stage, nipples very hard she started to rub her nipples, I placed my mouth at her pooru, licked her clit with my toungh at the same time one finger in her pooru hole, she started to wetting, her pooru hair is so small like that of `shaving due for three days). She sharted to move her kundi up and down slowly, I smelled my ginger from her pooru, same smell like that of my wife, but more fleshy pooru, pooru lips are more fat than my wife's, colour also more darkish than her daughter's. I requested her - about my dream of having sex in doggy style. She at first felt awkward but I persuade her to position for the same. Her gudam (ass) a small black round between her kundi crack, I freed my self from lungi and shuddy and placed my kunna vibrating in my hand to her pooru from back while standing on my knees. 

I caught her angles with my two hands started to move in and out it fully increased my speed and pressed her kundi back and forth with my movement. Then she started to act according to my movement and I started to touch her ass hole slowy. But she resisted. I suppose I was extremely fortunate to have had it with and the way I did with her. I asked her whether all these actions are familiar to you I mean in your married years. She smiled but she did not responded verbally. . I feel her muscles clench around me, and between the sounds she's making and the way her body is starting to tremble, I know it's only seconds before she lets go. She starts quickly shaking against my stilled hips and the combination of that and her muscles clenching around me make me start to feel everything inside of me rush to the tip of my cock. Her hips rock a little more forcefully and I hear her screaming so loud that it drowns out the sounds of my own orgasm. I spill into her so hard that it's difficult for me to remember a time that I've come that powerfully. My arms finally give out and I fall completely on back of her body for half an hour I touched her pooru my hard milk and her colourless drops mixed dripping thick coming out of her pooru I took her shuddy and wiped her pooru then my kunna with it. 

Spread her panty and checked its pooru area how her panty looks like after wearing for a day. She always had in her panty a permanent watery round spot where her pooru hole touching and hugging with her shuddy. She said "you have changed me completely". 

