New School-New Rules
by Doubleganger 

It was a very hot and humid day, so Ms.  Kimberly Masters only wore a yellow summer dress and slip-on soft shoes.  If any kind of light touched the garment every part of body could be seen by all.  The mid-twenties teacher was a not only a nudist, but a exhibitionist.  She had lived in Florida since she was a teenager, so she was used to high humidity but this was dryer.  She hasn't wore a bra or undergarments since being adopted at the age of thirteen.  She had sent resumes to several high schools and colleges, a new school in Arizona was the only one to respond.  Since she lived so far from the college, she had her interview with the Dean via internet video chat.  The teacher reported to the administrators office of the New Learning College on the day and time the letter stated.  The college also provided an rent free apartment close to the campus for all their teachers. 

Kimberly arrived in Mr.  Albert Chambers outer office at precisely 7:30 am Monday, to fill out all her employment paperwork.  Kim introduced herself to Amber Smith, the Deans secretary, as Kim filled out her information the two women talked about the area and secluded places where she can work on her tan.  She was directed her to enter the Dean's office at 8:45, her first assignment was to tutor a group of recent high school graduates for their entrance exam, all of which will be majoring in government studies. 

She was told the classroom she would be assigned was on the third floor, unfortunately that floor of the building was still under construction, also the air conditioning was not working yet.  However there were several fans, also the widows could be opened, if needed. 

The Dean gave the new educator a tour of the campus finishing up at room 333, where she will tutor all her classes.  In the back of the room were three osculating fans standing six feet high.  There were twenty tables with two chairs at each one.  In front of the white board was her desk, with two plies of handouts and a comfortable office chair for her to sit. Against the wall was a two tier rack full of books.  The windows were closed, but the room felt comfortable.  They talked until the 10:00 bell rang, in walked six boys and six girls.  She was thankful it was a small class. 

Mr.  Chambers introduced their new instructor then gave the following statement:"Congratulations on passing the physical fitness part of your entrance exams.  For the next seven school days, which included this Saturday you will attend class.  Next Tuesday at 9:00 will be your entrance exam.  Ms.  Masters will cover everything that will be on this test not just your major.  You will be given four hours to complete this exam, after which you will be allowed to go home.  Your final grade will be handed out Wednesday afternoon, anyone who fails will have to wait six months to retake this class and exam." 

They asked if they understood, if they had any questions don't be shy to ask your instructor, she is more than capable to answer them.  All twelve students acknowledged they understood.  Mr.  Chambers then left the class in her capable hands. 

"Before we begin our lessons, lets open some windows, then we'll start with the Constitution and Bill of Rights with additional amendments.  Then go onto the Arizona's state law, finally we'll discuss when and where it is legal you may be clothed or unclothed in this state." 

A girl in the front row wearing a white sun dress raised her hand, Ms. Masters told her to stand introduce herself and ask her question. 

When she stood the fans blew the bottom of her dress up, showing her teacher she had no panties, pubic hair, or tan-lines. 

"My name is Sara Walters.  Since our gym classes are held in the nude would she allow the class to remain nude, if we open the windows the dry heat will only make the room more uncomfortable?" 

"I knew from the school's brochures that all gym classes and sports are held in the nude and were co-ed.  It didn't mention anything about the academic classes though, I think this will be a interesting demonstration of democracy in action.  All in favor of the entire class sitting nude through-out the next seven days, please raise your hands?" 

All twelve students raised a hand, saying aye. 

"All apposed?" 

The room was silent and still. 

"Motion carried, everyone may disrobe now, please fold your clothes on the tables at the rear of the room and place your shoes under that desk." 

As the students disrobed and folded their clothes, Kim informed the class that she will do the same, placing her shoes and dress in the bottom draw of her desk.  When everyone was seated Kim walked around the room giving each two handouts; one was a copy of the Constitution with all the Bill of Rights and amendments, the other a copy of the Arizona state laws this included the newly adapted public nudity laws. 

The twelve students were comfortable seeing each other nude, for they spent the last two weeks preparing and taking their physical fitness qualifications.  This may be a new college, but to be admitted it was the strictest in the country. 

Kim was very familiar with this publication, because she had been mailed a copy of it with her acceptance letter, if she didn't wish to work in a state that permitted nudity all she need to do was contact Mr.  Chambers, the college Dean of Admissions.  She called him anyway they talked for over two hours, she was open and honest about her open nudist lifestyle, asking the limits she was allowed with her students.  He told her plain, take them as far as they are willing to go. 

Kim was proud to show off her all-over tan and hairless vulva, she was glad one of the students asked to hold class nude.  She was planning to introduce a motion when they got around to the nudity laws of the state of Arizona.  This also gave her a chance to check out her students nude on the first day of class.  She noticed all her students sat with their legs open, four of which had no hair on their pubic area.  Then she sat on her desk with open legs, to begin her first lesson. 

About a hour into her lesson, she had learned half her students names, by having them stand, give their names, then ask or answer questions that arose.  She gave them a fifteen minute break, advising them since we are the only class on the third floor this week, they may continue to stay nude and use any bathroom they wanted.  She also had to relieve her self, all thirteen walked down the hall, Kim went into the male's bathroom with the rest of the class following.  She stood in front of a urinal, spread her pussy lips and hit the target with ease.  The pupils that could see clearly looked in awe on how she was able to do that. 

Back in the classroom, Kim sat on her desk, she asked if their were any questions thus-far.  There were none, so she gave them a choice of either a pop quiz or continue to the next lesson?  Confident with their knowledge they choose the quiz.  Kim was well prepared taking out a pad she had wrote questions when she prepared this lesson.  She told them if they get the wrong answer there would be a penalty, the class agreed after thinking it over for a few minutes.  She asked each student only one question on the material she had covered. 

Kim moved her chair to the side of her empty desk, sitting in a most un-lady-like position.  Then asked the first question to a girl named Suzy:( Attention readers, lets see how many you know?) 

"Question 1- Which amendment abolished slavery?" 

She answered the twelfth. 

"Close it is the thirtieth." 

(How many of you reading this knew that?) 

Her penalty was to kneel on Kim's desk, hands behind her head, legs open wide, so the entire class could see her genitalia until the end of the test. 

"2- Name the original thirteen colonies?" 

"Delaware, Georgia, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Maryland, New Hampshire, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, South Carolina, Rhode Island, and Virginia." 

"Correct." 

"3- Which was the first colony and the year it was founded?" 

"Virginia, in 1607." 

"Correct." 

"4- Which was the first State and the Month and Year it gained Statehood?" 

"Delaware, December 1787." 

"Correct." 

"5- In which state or states did George Washington live during his terms as the President of United States?" 

"President Washington lived in New York City for his first sixteen months, then occupied the President's house in Philadelphia from November 1790 to March 1797. 

"Correct." 

"6- Which was the last colony to become a State and the Year?" 

"Rhode Island, 1790." 

"Correct." 

"7- What Month, Day, and Year did Arizona become a State?" 

"February 14, 1912." 

"Correct." 

"8- What states border with Arizona?" 

"New Mexico, Utah, Nevada, California, Mexico, and Colorado." 

"So close, Mexico is not part the United States." 

"Mary, why don't you join Suzy on my desk, there is not much room so your legs and bodies will have to be on top and against each other." 

Mary showed embarrassment when her hands and body touched another girl for the first time, but Suzy smiled as her pussy dripped on the desk as the two girls showed the class their attributes.  Kim made a note, this could be useful for a class later in the week. 

"9- Where is the four corners monument located and what states could be seen?" 

"On the Colorado Plateau west of Highway 160 southwest of Cortez, Colorado.  You could see Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, and Utah." 

"Excellent, well done." 

Then she came to a boy named Sam Walters.  He is Sara's twin brother. She decided to lighten the tension and throw him a curve. 

"I could tell that you and Sara are identical twins; who's older and by how many minutes?" 

Sam stammered for a long second answering; "Sara is by only two minutes!" 

Kim giggled telling Sam that she was just curious and that wasn't his question.  The whole class laughed, including Suzy, Mary, Sara, and Sam. 

"Now Sam, all kidding aside.  Please think before you answer; you may check your notes, but not your sisters or anyone else's, this is a tough one." 

"10- What month, day, and year was the Constitution rectified?" 

Kim scanned the room, all had a blank expression while checking their notes, except Sara, she was smiling and covering her closed notebook. After three minutes, Sam had no answer.  The beautiful nude teacher told him to just take a guess. 

He knew that not all the delegates were not at the signing, it had to take months and many years to get the document to all the colonies, then back to Pennsylvania by horseback.  Then it had to be voted on.  So he stood up straight and said:"I know this is wrong, please don't penalize me to harshly; August 21, 1785." 

"Good try my boy, for extra credit who knows the answer?" 

Very confidently Sara was the first to raised her hand, she stood up straight answering:"June 21,1788." 

"Correct Sara, in addition to your extra credit points, you get to choose Sam's penalty." 

(Bet you didn't know this either.) 

What Kim didn't know, but would soon discover that the twins have been enjoying embarrassing each other all their lives, now she would see if she could embarrass her class-mates and getting the new and exotic teacher involved. 

"I would like Sam to first stand in front of the class, with his legs spread even with the shoulders and hands behind his head.  Then I would like everyone to hold or stroke his cock and balls for at least three minutes." 

One boy in the back of the room blurted out without raising his hand:"I object; It is against the law for someone to embarrass a person in public in any manner, or force one person to have sexual contact with another person of the same or opposite sex or gender." 

"Your out of order, Dale Jenkins.  First of all, you must raise your hand and not speak until I give you permission to ask your question. Second, There is no amendment in the Constitution, or in the federal or state law of Arizona concerning embarrassment or sexual preference.  But, your argument was well worded.  Either you do as directed or you will be penalized for not following class-room protocol." 

"I-Please accept my apology for my outburst.  I-I'll obey the rules of the class-room protocol.  I will accept the c-consequences for my actions!" 

Kim told the boy and the class that there will no punishment for Dale's outburst this time.  However the next time anyone speaks out of turn the punishment will be extreme. 

Sam took his spot without question; then one-by one, each student was called by name, doing as Sara requested.  When it was Dale's turn he closed his eyes holding Sam's erect appendage loosely, Kim told Dale that was no way to hold a penis, closing his hand snugly around the shaft with one hand and rolling his balls with the other, until his time had expired.  Kim gave Dale an additional ten minutes, as a punishment, because he tried to pull a fast one over on her. 

Sara got her wish, Dale was turning all different shades of red.  Suzy was glad to stretch her legs and played with Sam's hot cock until she had to get back on the desk.  Mary was also shy, but was very curious how a male's cock and balls felt like.  Sara took her turn last, as she stroked her favorite toy, she kissed him full on the month, he responded by kissing her back using his tongue.  Kim had to pull them apart telling them she needed to see them after class was done for the day. 

"Sorry teach!  Its just that Sam and I cant keep our hands off each other.  Now its your turn, he has a thing for older woman.  Look at that hard cock, I bet you'd love to give him a blow-job and swallow his thick white cum, I could vouch for its taste." 

Kim gave this offer deep thought.  In the college's teaching guidelines it stated this is a progressive campus, instructors may use their own judgment for awarding and disciplining students.  Mr.  Chambers also said she could take her students as far as they are willing.  With a smile on her face she knelt in front of Sam, with her legs open she gave the class a great view of her pussy and butt-hole.  Just using her tongue she licked his rod, nuts, and tight exit.  Then opened her mouth and sucked him down her esophagus.  Kim's mouth and tongue had him shoot off in two minutes flat, swallowing every drop.  Sam had never been deep throated before, his orgasm made his legs weak and exhausted, so Sara had to put him back in his seat. 

Without missing a beat, Kim gave the next question to a boy named Joe Davies. 

"11- Joe what are the Eighteenth and Twenty-first amendments?" 

"The 18th prohibited the sale of alcoholic beverages, and the 21st repeals the 18th." the boy responded minutes later. 

"Correct; that was very good, and he didn't need his notes for that." 

The last one went to Sara. 

"12- What month and year did President John Adams move into the White House in Washington, D.C.  And what was his wife's name?" 

"President Adams moved into the unfinished White House in June,1800; his wife first name was Abigail." 

"Very good.  My, I do have a bunch of smart students in my class.  I have one more question for the whole class.  This one may or may not be on your final.  Raise your hand if you know the answer, no looking at your books or notes." 

"Who was the author of the Bill of Rights and when was it rectified? 

There were a lot of groaning and head scratching.  This was the toughest one so far.  Not even Sara knew this.  Ms.  Kim let them ponder this for four long minutes. 

"Okay, times up; the answer is, James Madison - December 15, 1791.  I would have been surprised if anyone got this one right.  Suzy, you may take you seat now.  Mary stay where you are until I tell you may take your seat." 

(All answers to these question are correct.  If you have any doubt Goggle it!) 

"Before we continue, I'd like to tell you a little about myself.  As you can see I have an all-over tan and very comfortable showing my nude body in public.  Over the next seven days I will ask all of you to be just as open about yourselves.  Sit back and relax, here's my story." 

************************************************* 

"I was raised sheltered by strict religious parents.  When I was twelve my parents and brother were killed in an auto accident, I spent six months in the hospital.  When I was released I had no where to go, so the nurse that cared for me let me live with her.  That's when I found out she lived in a full nudist building.  It was strange at first, but I soon adjusted living clothes-free.  On my thirteenth birthday she legally adopted me giving me her last name." 

"We relocated to a private compound in south-west Florida, which everyone lived clothes-free.  I became sexually aware shortly after my arrival, enjoying both females and males.  The grounds had licensed teachers living there, so we never had to dress for class.  I received my high school diploma at the age of seventeen.  The nearest college was one hundred and fifty miles away, so my new-mother allowed me to live on campus for eight years, six of which to get my masters in education.  Of course, I went home for the holidays.  I was very lucky my dorm was co-ed, males and females on every floor, the bathroom and showers were uni-sex.  We were allowed to go nude on the upper floors if we wanted, but couldn't leave the floor unless females had their tits and pussy covered.  Also the males had to have something over their cocks." 

"Four times a year the college sponsored a 5K nude run to raise money for a local charity, anyone participating in the run was allowed to remain nude the entire day anywhere on campus.  Two months after arriving I had my first run, the dorms administrator was proud that everyone decided to run, as a reward he said that the dorm would be clothes-free from now on.  The only time any of us wore clothes is when we left the dorm.  Two of my professors required the entire class enter the room nude, we were to leave all clothing outside the door, lockers, or in our dorms, to prevent cheating.  I couldn't tell you how many clothes I lost those first months. When the Dean discovered that everyone's clothes were stolen from in front of class-rooms and our dorms, the college administrators gave us permission to be nude on campus.  When our clothes turned up in someones possession, they were denied clothing until they graduated and punished.  They were embarrassed having to go naked showing off their bright red backsides after their weekly paddling." 

"I remained there another two years to get my credentials to teach in the lower forty-eight states.  In my last year of school, I sent resumes to ten colleges and three high schools.  NLC was the only school to reply, saying they would hire me with a video chat interview.  My mom and friends at the compound gave me a graduation/going away party and a new car.  I took my time driving here, and I didn't wear a thing until I parked in front of my new apartment." 

************************************************ 

After Ms.  Kim finished the class stood and applauded. 

A girl in the middle of the room raised her hand, Ms.  Kim told her to stand, state her name, and ask her question. 

"My name is Brenda Barton.  I enjoyed your story, I am curios when you ran the 5k what number did you finish, also how old you were the first time you had sex with a girl and a boy?  Also how badly did it hurt when he tore your hymen and how it felt?" 

"Brenda, I will be happy to answer your all questions, but you will have to honest with me when I ask you questions in return.  I ran in every race on campus, I didn't do well my first time, finishing 200 out of 2500.  With the help of my friends and the track coach I practiced every chance I had. I improved every time.  My best finish was in my senior year finishing first in all four races." 

"My first time with an another girl was three days after moving to the nudist compound.  My next door neighbor and I were relaxing on the grass by the pool, she asked me if I ever kissed a girl.  I told her no and how I was raised.  I also told her I had seen girls touching and kissing and wondered what felt like to do that.  Without asking she pressed her lips to mine, shortly we were touching.  Our moms had to throw cold water on us because we didn't hear them calling us.  I was embarrassed, but mom said that it was alright, just as long as it felt good.  After dinner, I asked mom if Suzy could spend the night, so she could teach me more about girl-girl sex.  Mom said she was fine with us having sex, only if Suzy's mom said she can.  First we took a shower together, spending the night in my bed with the door open.  I have to tell you eating pussy for the first time was the best experience in my life." 

"My first male was on the first day of school two months later, at lunch the girls were talking about the boys they had sex with over the summer. When I said I never been with boy, they teased me and I ran away crying. Suzy followed me outside, she held and comforted me; our teacher followed sitting with us.  I couldn't talk, so she told him what happened.  He held me in his strong arms, I cried on his shoulder until I composed myself.  My mom worked at the first aid station, so he called her, as Suzy held me while I sucked her nipples." 

"Minutes later, he told Suzy to go back to school, another teacher will finish the class.  He took my hand and we walked and talked, until we went into a bungalow.  It was small, only with a big bed, sink, fridge, stove, and toilet.  He told me what he and mom talked about, it was up to me if I would award him with the most precious gift any woman could give a man?  I told him yes, please, he took his time, he ate me out until I had cum several times.  Then he taught me how to give oral to a male and tasting his cum.  After we rested he licked me again before he entered me for the first time, I never felt my hymen tear away, we orgasmed together.  We fucked two more times, then once in the morning, before taking a shower outside.  He treated me to breakfast, then we walked to school.  That bungalow was his place, I had many encounters with him and other men and women until I left for college." 

"For your last question, being intimate with another person is the best feeling a person could experience, regardless if it is with a male or female.  The important thing to remember is you both have to enjoy the experience, not just one of you." 

"Brenda you will reciprocate after lunch.  Now please turn to page 35 of the Arizona state laws on public nudity.  Read it to yourself, if you need to use the restroom just go ahead.  After lunch we will discuss this chapter and Brenda will answers my questions.  Sara please give Mary her book." 

Kim sat back and re-read that chapter, running a finger up and down between her soaking pussy-lips.  As she was reading the door opened, Mr. Chambers asked to see her in the hallway.  She quickly removed her hand from between her open legs, stood and walked out of the room, as her students sat open mouth and stunned. 

The Dean told her that he was checking the security cameras and wanted to why he saw her and her students walking nude in the hall and why she had a naked female student with her legs wide open on top of her desk? 

As Kim explained what accrued, her juices were running down her left leg. She added that since they were the only ones on the floor she saw no harm remaining nude all morning.  He told her since it was a unanimous discussion he would allow it, but all of you must be dressed when leaving the floor for lunch.  She agreed going back in the room, thankful that he didn't mention her fingering herself in front of her class. 

The class wanted to know if she was in trouble?  She told them no, so far we are all good, but we better have our clothes on when leave the floor for lunch.  Ms.  Kim also told them to not to worry and concentrate on their reading assignment.  After a few minutes she stood, to take a rather extended bathroom stop. 

Back in the class-room, Sara wanted to know if it was possible of attending college and living the rest of her life clothes-free?  All twelve students would like to try it, just to piss off the religious fanatics and city officials that think nudist are troublesome.  Kim told the class we will discuss it in detail this afternoon.  Then told the class to dress for lunch and be back naked and ready at 2:00pm. 

Kim slipped on her spaghetti strap dress; taking her purse and lunch out of the desk draw.  She walked barefoot to the courtyard with the rest of the class to enjoy the sun.  As Kim passed Sam and Sara, she noticed the girls dress was hiked up to her waist, while her brothers cock was out. Sara was telling the truth they couldn't keep their hands off each other and didn't care who saw. 

The educator sat under a tree and was soon joined by Albert Chambers. He noticed that her short dress allowed him the vision of her smooth wet genitalia.  Kim gave him a better view by lifting the hem higher, then broached the subject that her class was interested in living nude for life. He said the college's board of governors has recently authorized this campus as clothing optional.  Since our gym teachers preferred to be nude all the time they received their wristbands this morning.  Lets go to my office for a chat and the applications. 

In his office, the Dean told her how nudist became accepted in Arizona. Then Kim was handed the forms, she told him to make it thirteen, she is more comfortable living nude as she did at home.  He asked her to leave the dress with him, she may spend the rest of the day unencumbered by textiles. 

She smiled looking the older man straight in the eyes, easing the straps off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor.  Kim turned, bend at the waist, picking up the thin garment, giving her boss a good view of both her lower holes, and shaking her bottom.  When she placed it on his desk, her tits were only inches from his face.  With a smile and twinkle in her eye the teacher thanked her boss for allowing her to be comfortable and the applications, she turned and walked slowly back to her class-room, wiggling her tight ass.  She knew he'd have to get relief before coming up to her class-room. 

Before she left his office the Dean said he and campus security bring the bands to her class-room at 3:00 today. 

Kim stopped at the restroom on the third floor first; the show she put on for the Dean had her blood and juices running, so she satisfied herself before going back to her class-room.  When her class saw that she was already nude they were taken aback.  The teacher was glad to see Mary perched as she was before lunch, legs wide, hands behind her head on her desk.  Then she walked around the room placing one contract in- front of each student. 

"Good afternoon class, I hope you had a good lunch.  I had a pleasant chat with the Dean, he had requested I leave my dress with him and spend the rest of the day naked.  Mary, you may take your seat now, thank you for resuming the position you were in before lunch. 

"Before we read this two page document, we must discuss the chapter which allowed residents of the state to legally be nude outside or in certain buildings, also how nudist have been harassed since the early 1980's. 

Kim kept this discussion short, only about twenty minutes. 

"Brenda, before we continue I would like to know why you wanted to know about my early sex life, could it be that you would like to make love to female and you are still a virgin?  Don't be shy, we are all friends here. I am sure you are not alone." 

Brenda blushed a crimson, wondering how the teacher figured out her deepest secret.  She stood and confessed to the class. 

"Ms.  Masters, yes it is true.  I long to kiss and make love to my best friend; we have had many sleepovers and seen each other naked.  We even told each other secrets and fantasies about boys.  The dreams I have about her I kept to myself.  I just don't know how to tell her I find her attractive, I hope she feels the same.  I don't want to loose her friendship." 

"Yes, it is also true that I am a virgin.  I've heard stories that the first time is very painful and most woman do not enjoy the experience at all, also the boy never want to see you again.  I don't want that to happen to me." 

Then the girl began to cry, falling to her seat covering her head on the table.  Kim went over to the girl, helped her to her feet and walked her into the hall and to the closest bathroom Kim held her until she stopped. The teacher told her things a mother should tell a daughter, just as the woman who adopted her did for her. 

Kim found out that Brenda and her mother never talked, a teacher had to tell her about her changes and period, because all her parents did was drink and party.  Kim also told her if she ever needed to talk she would be here for her.  They both washed up, then went back to class. 

"Now we will read and discuss the document in front you, if you agree please sign it.  I will be keeping you much later then normal, for we have much to get through to stay on schedule.  Suzy, you may start to read the first paragraph." 

Ms.  Masters had each student read one paragraph until they reached the bottom of page two.  This contract consisted of fifteen rather long paragraphs, she could tell it was written by at least two or three lawyers. Then asked for a student to explain what was said in plain English.  The same six students raised their hands. 

"Put your hands down, I expect 100% Participation in class.  So from now on, I will choose one of you to answer, if you are wrong you will be receive a punishment." 

Kim scanned the room she noticed two students each sitting by themselves on opposite sides in the back of the room hoping against hope not to be picked to answer.  Neither had raided their hand all day, but knew the answers during the quiz.  She pointed to the girl looking out the window, asking her to stand, state her name and tell the class what she thought the document is about.  As the shy girl slowly stood revealing her stiff pink nipples and damp hairy pussy.  She used her desk to keep balance. 

"My n-name is S-Sally Sanders, I just turned sixteen six weeks ago.  I skipped one grade in junior high, then graduated high school in three years, which is why I never met my class-mates until the first day in gym. This nudism is all new for me; I also am a virgin having been sheltered, Sam's penis was the first I ever touched.  My parents don't know I had to attend gym class nude.  I was frightened at first, but grew to enjoy showing others my naked body and seeing others the same." 

"The document in question is a contract between the state and a particular person.  In short it allows the undersigned to go anywhere in this State nude without arrest or persecution for their entire life.  In the State of Arizona, the legal age of consent is sixteen qualifying us as adults.  Therefor we are able to sign contracts, stay out past curfew on non-school nights, getting married, and voting in elections, so all of us can sign it without our parents consent.  Also, all clothing must be removed from your lockers, car and home.  In my case, I live with strict parents, who believe it is wrong to be naked anytime.  If I go home as I am, they will kick me out or lock me in my room for the rest of my life.  I wish I could move away from them." 

"Thank you for your honesty Sally, that was a little more than I asked for.  You may take your seat now.  We'll talk later, I will see what I can do for you.  All in favor of agreeing to this contract you may fill in the application, sign, and date it.  When the Dean and chief of security arrive we will call you up, so you could receive your permanent wristband." 

"Now the boy in the back, stand, tell the room your name and tell us if Sally left anything out and what it is?" 

"Bobby Franks, yes, she did leave something out.  But it isn't in the contract or the state law book you gave us.  Those who wear the wristband are considered licensed nudist and not allowed clothing at any time regardless of weather; with the exception of footwear outside if they wish. When they enter a structure of any kind, nudists must be barefoot.  Also all body hair must be removed from the neck to toe, within twenty-four hours after the bands are permanently attached.  Females head hair must not pass the shoulder when wet and/or loose, Males must have a military style haircut and may grow a mustache as long as it kept neat and trim without permission." 

"Thank you Bobby, that is good information.  How do you know of this?" 

"My aunt's new job required it's employees to be licensed nudist.  It's a long story, I'd be happy to share it when we have time.  My mom and I went to her banding, it was a month before school started, it was the first time we saw each other nude, because even the guest had to be nude before entering the hall.  She let me read the banding law.  It also stated that it is slow going, but the Governor would want the entire state to eventually be banded." 

Just as Bobby finished talking; in walked Dean Chambers and the Campus Security Chief, Stacy Richards smiling from ear to ear.  They rolled in a large container and a box of wristbands.  All the applications were passed to the front of the room.  Then the two adults removed all their clothes, Chief Richards told them during the banding ceremony everyone must be nude. Kim Masters volunteered to be the first to be inspected by the female security officer, she recorded her measurements including inside and out of both her lower holes, she even checked her teeth and gums.  Kim had one tattoo of a bluebird on her left ankle.  A digital photograph was taken and documented on the contract, then a titanium band was attached to her right wrist with a number and date, the number was also added to the contract. 

One by one each student was called up by name, inspected, and banded in the same manner as their teacher.  The males were to achieve full erections then measured both in length and girth, which Stacy was happy to do using her mouth.  Each was also handed the Nudist for Life Guide-Book.  Only three students possessed tattoos; Suzy had a long stem rose on her left butt-check going down her leg to the back of her knee.  Sara and Sam had a three by nine inch blank scroll on their backs just above the buttocks. Photos were taken and documented.  Stacy signed as inspector, as Al signed as witness. 

"Congratulation on being the first students to be licensed nudist on campus.  You all look beautiful in your natural state.  We hope you will spread the word to your family, friends and school-mates so others may enjoy the freedom you do now.  Chief Richards and myself have been raised nudists, so we have decided to be banded today with all of you as witnesses." 

With that said, Stacy inspected the Dean; he possessed only one tattoo, it was the Marine Corps emblem over his heart.  She took a photo and documented as with all the others.  She didn't hesitate in giving her long time lover an erection in public, finally she affixed the band to his wrist. Kim signed the contract as witness. 

Then Albert inspected Stacy, her sex region was hairless, so the first tattoo he noticed was the Navy emblem just above her clitoris.  The Security Chief also had two others, crossed anchors on the inside of her left wrist and a butterfly on the small of her back.  But Albert knew every inch of her body, and just how to make her wet.  Mr.  Chambers attached her band, as Ms.  Masters was asked again to sign as the witness. 

Stacy Richards stood in front of the class, proudly displaying her fit body, firm breasts and dripping wet bald pussy.  She made a the first of many speeches as per law. 

"Now that we all are banded, please deposit your clothes in this bin. You have twenty-four hours to remove all body hair, as it is classified to be coverings.  Also bag all your clothes at home and either put them on the sidewalk for trash or donate them to the charity of your choice.  I have your addresses on file, there will be a detail to inspect your homes after school tomorrow.  Please remember not to flaunt your nudism, pretend you are fully attired." 

Before the Dean and Security Chief departed the room, a pile of applications were left on the teachers desk.  Kim ordered a twenty minute break.  Upon their return she spent the next three hours on math.  Before she dismissed the class she told Bobby he could tell his story first thing tomorrow, then told the class to be back the next day at 8:00 am to continue their lessons.  As they walk out of the room with shoes and books in hand; she asked Sara, Sam, Brenda, and Sally to remain behind for a private little chat. 

"I've asked the four of you to remain to discuss my observations during class.  First, Sara and Sam, just how long have the two of you been sexual active, also if you don't mind what else do you enjoy besides embarrassing one another and others?" 

"To be honest Ms.  Kim, Sam and I have been raised nude since we were out of diapers.  We were given a sexual education very young, since our parents never hide their sex life from us teaching us how to pleasure them and each other.  On our tenth birthday I gave my cherry to daddy and Sam gave his to mom.  We talked with friends and found books with all different kinds of sex including the kinky stuff, we had to try it all.  Mom and dad caught us experimenting bondage with our best friends, they showed us just how tie each other without causing too much pain or leaving marks, and how pleasurable it can be.  They didn't care who we did it with, just as long they agreed and didn't get hurt or get anyone pregnant.  Beside we don't own that many clothes." 

"Interesting upbringings, we have two with an open sexual lifestyle and two very smart shy young ladies raised in a strict religious manner.  Sally and Brenda were shown that the human body is more comfortable without coverings; taking the biggest step of riding themselves of them for life with the knowledge that they may never see their family ever again." 

"Sally and Brenda since you are now officially legal nudist, your parents would probably disown you.  If you wish we'll have the Dean call your parents telling them the news.  If they don't want you, I'll let you spend the night.  Maybe one of your friends will allow you to take you in and live with them, we'll also check if the college will help you find a part-time job?  The decision is yours, I am sure the twins would be happy to tell you how good it feels to be nude all the time?" 

Sally spoke first: "Ms.  Kim, there's no need for the twins to convince me, when I was told my gym uniform was to be only my skin, I was afraid I was going to be made fun of because I was so pale, even struck down dead because of my beliefs." 

"But none of that happened, I began to relax and enjoy myself for the first time in my life.  By the second day I knew I was lied to all my life, I couldn't wait to come to school and get naked.  I wanted to leave home, but I had nowhere to go.  Now I have no choice, I'd gladly take you up on your kind offer.  I would take any job to pay my way to live naked." 

Then Brenda tried to speak, stuttering, as she began to cry again.  The group cuddled her until her tears dried. 

"Brenda, I know how you feel, realizing that your parents don't care about what you think or feel is hard, you heard what I said in class we are two of a kind, we did what felt right for us.  We are all here for you." 

"Sally is right, if you need some place to live I am sure our mom and dad would be happy to take you in temporally, plus living with us may give you the confidence you need about asking your best friend how she feels about sleeping together." 

"Sara that is nice of you to open your home to a class-mate, I think you should ask your parents before making that offer.  Sam, why don't you take a few forms for your family and close friends.  Sally, Brenda, and I need to make some changes in her school records and break the news to their families before we leave the school." 

Kim walked the girls first to student records to change their address and emergency contact info, then to security.  Along the way to the Dean's office several teachers told the women to put some clothes on, all the did was show them their titanium bracelets and kept walking. 

In the Deans office, Kim told him about Brenda and Sally's predicament. Both teenagers sat naked with her legs open and their apple sized breasts on display.  They held hands talking about how their life changed so quickly and for the better. 

"Ms.  Masters, the board knew that some parents would not understand the new laws.  I would be happy to talk their parents about their decision.  If they can not see their way clear of having a nudist in their house, both are of legal age to move out on their own.  I will look around for a part time job for them that will hire a nudist." 

Dean Chambers looked up their numbers.  With the phone on speaker, he talked with Sally's for twenty minutes.  The conversation went as expected, the parents refused to listen to a word Chambers said.  The father demanded he cut the band off and send his daughter home dressed.  He will be dis-enrolling her and sending her to his pastor for retraining.  Then he hung up before the Dean could tell him she had signed a life-long contract and the band could never be removed. 

Sally began to cry and stammer: "I-I don't want to live with a b-bunch of l-lairs a-and h-hypocrites.  I-I hate w-wearing the c-clothes he makes me wear, I-I can't b-breathe in them.  P-Please d-don't make me go b-back to him.  If I have to I'll live on the street with the bums and h-hookers. I-I'll sell my c-c-cherry to the highest b-bidder, if I have to.  I-I'll do w-whatever it takes to pay my tuition." 

Kim sat next to her young charge, holding her head to her firm breast to comfort her.  Sally's mouth was over the teachers nipple and began to suckle.  Kim smiled saying nothing about it. 

"There there, let it all out honey, your parents can't make you do anything you don't want to, your of legal age.  I told you you could live with me, you don't have to sell yourself.  I have a nice apartment with two bedrooms and a patio where we can work on our all-over tans.  You can fix up your room anyway you wish." 

As Kim comforted Sally, Albert called Brenda's house, the woman answered stumbling over her words.  When the Dean told her that her daughter signed a contract to be naked for life, the woman just laughed saying you can keep her, we don't want her and hung up the phone. 

Brenda began to cry again, stuttering 

"Nobody loves me, I have no place to go like Sally.  I think maybe Sally and I should just go sleep in the cemetery because we are dead to the world." 

Albert Chambers left them alone, closing the door behind him.  Sally and Brenda wrapped their arms around the older woman, holding her close, both cried for over ten minutes.  When they calmed down, Kim dried the girls eyes and blew their noses, they walked to the nearest restroom.  Kim knew where she was taking them, it was the male locker room.  The three women went in the shower, the girls just stood there, as Kim washed them from head to toe.  When the trio were dry, they walked out of the school barefoot, leaving their books and shoes in the class-room. 

In the parking lot, the night breeze coated the women's naked bodies, Sally and Brenda suddenly had butterflies in their stomachs, but Kim relished the feeling.  The teacher couldn't wait to get home a take a swim in the complex's outdoor pool. 

They saw Sara and Sam standing next to a blue SUV, calling them over, Sara introduced her father to the three women.  Mr.  Walters shook their hands and said his family would gladly allow Brenda to live at their home at no charge until she could find a place of her own. 

The girl never thought so many people would care for her and began to cry.  They said goodbye, with Brenda sitting between her new friends in the back seat, holding her as she cried.  This time they were tears of joy. 

Kim thought to herself; With all the tears these two girls were putting out, it could fill the reservoir and stop the water shortage. 

As they climbed into Kim's car, Sally's father and pastor drove into the parking lot.  The men were screaming at the two nude woman.  The pastor stopped his car in front of Kim's, calling them all kinds of slanderous names while Mr.  Sanders attempted to drag his naked daughter away. 

Suddenly, three police cruisers appeared out of nowhere with lights and sirens blaring.  Two officers put the men in separate cars, taking away Mr. Sanders and the fowl mouth pastor.  Kim and Sally just stood and laughed as their tits bounced in their face.  After the lights and wailing faded away Kim took her new best friend to her new home. 
