A CURE FOR KLEPTOMANIA

BY MAX SMART

Part 10

Wherein more hairs are plucked, Jenny is "bad" and has a close
shave, and a new area gets "pinkened".

"That was because I had to show you how. You should have been
paying attention before. Now, here, try again." Timmy lectured
the poor sobbing girl sternly and then handed her the tweezers
and directed her to another black, curly hair on the opposite
side of her slit. "1098"

The terrified girl tried her best, pulling hard with the tweezers
and apparently causing herself considerable pain, as well as
giving us all an interesting view inside the pink gap; but she
just couldn't bring herself to pull hard enough to actually
dislodge the hair.

"3.2.1." Timmy paused. Jenny looked at him in fear. Timmy
brandished the feared strap and this did the trick. Jenny gave a
supreme yank on the hair and out it came!"

"OoooooOwwwwwww! Ah! Ah! Ah!"

"Good, girl!" said Timmy, taking the tweezers from her trembling
hand, "but you're taking too long. We'll never get all of this
hair removed at this rate." Meanwhile, Nancy refixed Jenny's arm
to the table.

"All! Oh no! Timmy! You can't! Not all!" Jenny stared at him in
wide-eyed horror. But Timmy ignored the poor girl, and, as Nancy
laughed and watched, he began quickly pulling hairs from Jenny's
poor, mistreated pussy, concentrating exclusively on the
sensitive areas on either side of and adjacent to the pouting
slit. Jenny yelled and screamed with each yank, and begged
piteously when she could catch her breath, but to no avail. Timmy
continued methodically for about ten long minutes, pulling
something like 60 hairs. Jenny was close to fainting when Timmy
finally stopped. The young girl clearly had a sore slit by this
time.

Timmy gave Jenny a little time to come to her senses. Nancy said,
"I think she would REALLY hate to have hairs pulled right around
this area, Timmy." As she pointed at Jenny's very cute and
assertive clitoris.

"Hmmm " said Timmy, as if he were considering a principle of
advanced mathematics.

"Oh NO! Not .not .n-not there! Please, not there!" Jenny tried
her best to pull the threatened area backwards, anything to
protect herself.

Timmy smiled at Jenny, reached down, and grabbed a hair that was
rooted right at the base of Jenny's extremely sensitive nub of
pleasure. She tensed her body with dread anticipation. He pulled
slowly, ever so slowly. Gradually the skin became stretched.

"Ah! Ah! Oh, it hurts! Ohhh!" Jenny kept up a steady stream of
complaints that grew ever more frantic, until, snap!, the hair
pulled loose.

The reaction to this was the most extreme yet - Jenny seemed to
be using all of her lung power and threatened to break the
stirrups with her thrashing about.

Timmy concentrated on this area for another ten minutes, pulling
another 40 or so hairs, producing marvelously extreme responses
from our dear victim. Jenny became somewhat demented with the
pain, seeming to become confused about her surroundings. It was
glorious fun!

Timmy paused again. To give Jenny time to come back to reality,
he and Nancy made themselves a snack of cookies and milk. They
offered some to Jenny, but she refused tearfully.

Finally they finished their break and returned to work. This
time, Timmy apparently decided for some more variety.

"You've got hair everywhere, Jenny. Let's see how you like having
it removed from THIS area." And he lightly touched Jenny's
defenseless anus with the tweezers. She jerked madly and her
little bumhole winked cutely.

"Ohhhhh, not there! Ohhhh not there!! Oh! Oh! Oh, God! Oh! Ow!"
Jenny begged and yelped, flinching with each little teasing jab
that Timmy provided her right in the center of that sensitive
little ring. Timmy seemed fascinated and entranced with the
sights and sounds, and with the wonderful power he currently
wielded over his previously unobtainable cousin.

He grabbed a hair rooted at the very edge of Jenny's anal ring
and began to pull. "Ohhh! Ohhh!"

He start giving sharp little playful tugs on the condemned hair.

"Ah! Ow! Ow! Stop!"

Suddenly he yanked the hair out with a swift stroke.

"AGGGGGHHH!" Jenny screamed at the top of her lungs until she
lost her breath. Her buttocks and anus clinched with every bit of
strength in her muscles.

Timmy and Nancy shared a smile, both clearly enjoying Jenny's
misfortune.

Timmy pulled two more hairs from the same area and with the same
style, first teasing little tugs and then a sudden yank, all of
which seemed to be the worst sort of torture for young, innocent
Jenny. But then Timmy began to get more systematic, as he had
previously. He began pulling hairs more rapidly - all of them
from right around the tender orifice of her bottom. Again Jenny
performed much as she had when her clitoris was at the center of
activity, although now she seemed to exert more energy clinching
her bottom muscles.

Each hair seemed to cause Jenny considerable pain as it was
extracted, and all of this pain was centered in the same area,
her delicate little rosebud. As before, she gradually seemed to
become less and less aware of her surroundings, although Timmy's
brisk and efficient technique didn't slow down a bit, until
finally he stopped after a torturous ten minutes. By this time
Jenny was a real wreck. Her energy was exhausted and she lay
bathed in sweat, moaning and sighing to herself.

Nancy reached a mischievous hand toward Jenny's cunt, "Well,
let's see, Jenny. Are you still turned on, like before?" as she
lightly brushed the slit, bringing a wince from Jenny. "Hmm,
feels like having your cunt hair pulled out isn't exactly a turn
on for you. Hmmm." But as Nancy continued to manipulate the outer
and inner labia, the moisture started returning and the lips and
clitoris started to swell.

"Oh, look at this, Timmy. She's being bad again." Nancy announced
with a cruel smile.

"Bad girl!" said Timmy as he impulsively reached down and gave a
sharp flick with his index finger to Jenny's now more prominent
clit.

"Yeooowwwww! Oh! Ohhhhhhh, Timmy, don't!" Jenny cried, jerking
with a suddenness that caused two buttons on her blouse to pop
off, showing us the swelling tops of her substantial young boobs
and the white bra that was doing its best to contain them. I
suspected that giving us an involuntary glimpse of her breasts
was among the least of Jenny's concerns at the moment, what with
her holy of holies in such a rather serious predicament, but it
was nevertheless a very nice, erotic addition to the festivities.

Timmy produced a pair of barbers shears and held them up, with a
smile on his face, for Jenny to see.

"Oh, Timmy, no! Don't!"

With a little laugh, Timmy began to trim Jenny's impressive bush.
He was very good - in just a few minutes Jenny's pussy actually
started coming into view, looking like it needed a shave. Its
extreme plumpness was easier to see now.

Timmy said, "Now, I hope you aren't getting turned on, Jenny.
Maybe to help your self discipline I should cut THIS off." as he
made as if to snip the tip off of Jenny's clitoris.

It was only Timmy's little joke, but Jenny screamed, "NOOO!" and
fainted.

It was right about here that I had a wrenching orgasm with the
help of Dave's magic fingers and immediately afterwards had my
mouth deluged with Dave's second, so I missed a little bit of the
action. At any rate, when I turned my attention back to the TV
monitor Timmy was no longer in the picture.

Jenny was left alone with Nancy and was asking her, "Oh, Nancy,
what's he going to do to me?"

"Well, I don't know, Jenny dear. But he's a very imaginative boy
with a bit of a cruel streak and he doesn't get girls in the
position you're in very often, so I would be a bit worried if I
were you, tee hee!" Reaching down to stroke Jenny's defenseless
pussy, she continued, "Is it sore?"

"Oh! Don't! Oh, yes, it's sore! Oh, Nancy, it was horrible - it
hurt so much when he was pulling my hair out. Nancy, I've been
punished enough! I can't take anymore, especially .down .there.
It hurts too much!"

"Jenny, Jenny! I'm afraid it's going to have to hurt a bit more.
But meanwhile, we've just got to do something about that hair;
and here comes Timmy to finish the job!"

Jenny's face turned pale when she saw Timmy coming towards her
with a safety razor, some damp cloths and a can of shaving cream.
She was temporarily speechless.

Nancy said, "Look, Timmy, she's being bad again."

And sure enough, poor Jenny's rebellious pussy was glistening
with new love juice - the result of Nancy's recent stroking.
Jenny was clearly a hot blooded young girl. As he lay one of the
damp cloths on Jenny's cunt area, Timmy said, "Well, that's just
more demerits for her. She should learn to behave!"

"Owww! Oh, it's hot! Ohhhh!" announced the subject of Nancy and
Timmy's conversation.

Well, you know it IS important to soak those whiskers in hot
water before shaving!

It took just a couple of seconds for Jenny's crotch and bottom
crack to be completely covered with foamy white lather, and right
away Timmy began shaving. For Jenny's safety and comfort he was
using a Gillette Sensor Extra. He worked fast and Jenny held
completely still, for fear of getting a serious nick, so the job
really didn't take very long. Jenny moaned and wept through the
whole process as Timmy started up by the belly button and worked
his way down. Nancy helped by pulling the skin taut at the right
places. Finally, the last bit of hair from Jenny's bottom crack
was removed.

A quick scrubbing with another hot, wet cloth, another yell of
pain and outrage from Jenny, another quick pat dry with a fluffy
white towel, and there she was, bare to the world! Jenny wept to
see the results, but I think she should have been proud. Such a
robust, plump mount; such delicate yet assertive inner lips; such
a lovely pink gap; such a large, long clitoris. And as if that
weren't enough, the inner lips and gap were glistening with
Jenny's unstoppable love juice.

Timmy and Nancy now quickly freed Jenny from her bonds. "Get up.
On your feet." He ordered.

Jenny tried her best but was a bit shaky. Timmy and Nancy helped
her sit up and then slide off the table onto her feet. As a
result her skirt fell down into place and Jenny was again the
demure young schoolgirl. Jenny was clearly barely able to stand.
At least part of her mind was probably entertaining the hope that
we had just been scaring her and that her punishment might be
over. When Timmy handed her her panties and ordered her to put
them on she seemed even more confused and slightly hopeful.

She had a hard time putting them on since her knees were almost
to shaky to let her stand on one foot. Timmy and Nancy
considerately held her up while she slipped the panties on. Once
again Jenny was a well-dressed British schoolgirl, except that,
as astute readers will remember, she was barefoot. How confusing
for a girl such as Jenny! She was probably not yet able to fully
comprehend or believe that fact that she had just had her cunt
shaved by a boy. Now that she was dressed again, perhaps all that
seemed like a strange dream.

One other little detail that the ever so astute reader will note.
Jenny's blouse had one button open and her frilly bra was
visible.

This was our cue to return to the workshop, and so we did. "Hi,
Mom! Hi, Dad!" yelled and excited young Timmy. I noticed that
Jenny blushed a deep red on seeing Dave reenter the room.

Timmy went to the shelf and turned on the stereo, flooding the
room with sexy, steamy strip music. "Now, Jenny, what you are
going to do is give us a strip show. I guess you know what THAT
is. First off, I want you to start dancing for us, and remember,
any lack of enthusiasm will add big time to your demerit
punishments. I want you to slowly take off your clothes and I
want you to be very, very sexy and I want to you dance and shake
your butt while you're doing it. Understand?"

Poor Jenny could only stare at let her lower lip tremble.

"Dance!" ordered Timmy, with a touch a steel in his voice.

Poor Jenny had learned to avoid disobedience if she could. She
started tentatively moving her feet around.

"You'd better dance better than that, Jenny." said Timmy, "Start
moving your bottom around. Yeah, that's it, only faster. Now get
those boobs bouncing around too. Good."

And so our modest little religious girl was doing a sexy,
gyrating, although awkward, dance.

"Now, keep dancing, and start unbuttoning your blouse."

Jenny cried as she gradually peeled of her blouse under Timmy's
stern eye, keeping up her dancing all the while, especially when
reminded. The boobs now swung around inside the white bra, an
impressive sight even to us who had seen them naked only a couple
of days earlier.

Then came the skirt, accompanied by many tears, and Jenny was now
gyrating her bum and boobs in only panties and bra. Somehow this
was extremely erotic, even though we had already seen all of the
body parts that a girl would generally like to keep hidden.
However we had not yet had her completely naked, and that was
what was coming. Also, knowing that her pussy was shaved added to
the experience.

Timmy ordered the bra off next, and Jenny complied, although with
great mental anguish. There they were again, a truly spectacular
pair of boobs, large and firm with prominent nipples. One could
still see the effects of the rather stern treatment these morsels
had received only two nights previous: a certain general redness,
and a few stripes and bruises her and there added a gay
decorative air to the fleshy globes. The nipples still appeared
to be quite swollen and tender.

Timmy let the dear girl dance for a lovely while, keeping her and
us in a bit of suspense and providing us an very enjoyable show.
The tears streaming out of Jenny's lovely dark eyes and bubbling
over her lovely cheek bones, around her chin, down her neck and
eventually onto the rotating breasts, as well as the breasts
themselves which seemed to bob with a life of their own - we
could have gone on watching quite a while longer.

However, Timmy realized that we had to continue young Jenny's
discipline, because, after all, this was all ultimately for her
benefit.

"And now, Jenny, those panties. Off with em!"

Jenny stopped dancing and looked pleadingly at her young cousin.
"Oh, Timmy, please don't make me." Wringing her hands. This last
little scrap of clothing was so important to her, even though she
had just a few minutes ago been showing off the area that it
protected in a rather brazen fashion. Who can plumb the depths of
the teenage girl's mind? Maybe it was because now she would be
totally naked in front of us for the first time. Maybe it was
because she knew that it was her pussy that was going to be
providing the entertainment for the evening. Or maybe it was
Dave's presence?

"Off with em, or else, girlie, and keep dancing." Timmy said with
a threatening coldness in his voice.

Jenny looked frantically around. "I I Oh, Aunt Marge. I I can't
take them off with with Uncle Dave here."

Remember, dear reader, that Jenny was unaware just how much dear
Uncle Dave had seen up to this point. As far as Jenny was
concerned he had seen her boobs and her bottom, but not her most
intimate areas. Apparently it seemed far worse for him to see her
completely without protective covering than for anyone else,
including Timmy, whom she still regarded as a little boy.

"Jenny, if we have to take them off for you, you'll get a ton of
demerits and you'll REALLY be sorry."

"No! No! I can't! Please!!"

Quickly, in coordinated motion, the four of us had her
surrounded. Timmy, Nancy and I held her limbs securely, in spite
of her desperate struggles. To her horror, it was Uncle Dave
himself who reached out to grab the waistband of her panties.

"No! No, Uncle Dave! Don't!"

Dave took his sweet time, drawing out Jenny's agony, and slowly
the panties descended. The cleft came into view as Jenny and the
rest of us watched. Her moan as she saw it and realized that her
hunky Uncle Dave was getting an eyeful was wonderful to hear.
After that she gave up the struggle and down and off came the
panties. Nancy and I pulled Jenny's legs apart and Dave calmly
sat down and gazed at the plump, bare little treasure. A We let
her go and her hands flew to hide what had now been seen by,
gasp, A MAN. Timmy ordered her to place her hands at her sides,
and surprisingly she obeyed. I supposed she realized she had
nothing to gain at this point by resisting. Her sobs were
heartrending.

"Jenny, when your demerit punishment comes around, you are going
to be really sorry you disobeyed me." said Timmy with a grin.

I stole a look at Dave's crotch and saw signs of a rampant
erection. Looking at Timmy I saw a smaller version of the same
thing.

Timmy got up, switched off the music, retrieved a short riding
crop from the wall, and returned to his seat. Jenny watched, wide
eyed with trepidation. Her now visible cunt seemed to shrink in
fear, or maybe it was just my imagination, since I knew that MINE
would be shrinking. Perhaps it was an effect of the way she kept
her legs pressed tightly together and kept her pubic area
slightly pulled back and her bottom pushed slightly back.

"Come over here, Jenny." Timmy calmly suggested, "That's good.
Stand right in front of me."

Jenny obeyed, and watched horrified as Timmy repeatedly slapped
the end of the riding crop into his left hand.

"Spread your legs. Wider." And the poor girl did as she was told,
but not without out a despairing moan. "Good." Approved Timmy.

Timmy went on, "Well, let's see. You've had a pink belly and pink
boobies. What do you think about getting a pink pussy?"

At this, the young girl couldn't help her hands rushing to guard
her holy of holies.

"Jenny!"

Her hands returned to her sides, leaving her pussy bare once
again.

"Actually," Timmy said, "your pussy is ALREADY pink, so maybe
we'll be giving you a red pussy, or a slightly purple pussy." And
he slid the crop between Jenny's trembling thighs and began
lightly caress the inner surface of her right thigh.

"Ohh! Ohhh! Oh, Timmy, please "

"Put your hands behind your neck and join them. Good. Hmmm, that
pushes out your boobs nicely. Now, Jenny, this will be just a
little warm up, a little get acquainted' session. But it's also
an opportunity for you to demonstrate how much your
self-discipline has improved. I'm going to start using this
little item to tap THAT little item, and all you have to remain
still and not attempt to shield yourself. Any disobedience will
only make things worse. Understood?"

"Ohhhhh, uh, y-yes." Looking down in fear at the evil object
between her legs.

Timmy began. Tap, tap, tap. He really was doing it very lightly.
However, Jenny seemed to feel each tap acutely and gave little
squeals and sighs to announce them. Timmy continued, moving the
crop around slightly so as to carefully visit all of her cunt.
When he caused the tip if the crop to lightly whisk Jenny's
protruding clit, she lost her composure for a second, pulling her
hips backwards and clamping her legs shut. However, she quickly
realized what she had done.

"Ohhh, sorry!" and she instantly returned to position, offering
her stinging, tender pussy for more of Timmy's malicious
attentions. This pussy had definitely started to acquire a bit of
a healthy glow, a newfound pinkness.

Timmy made Jenny turn around so that her lovely big bottom was
facing him, and then he made her spread her legs again. Tap, tap,
tap, again went the cruel crop against its innocent victim. The
difference now was that the tip snaked around and clipped the
poor girl right on her clit. Because of this and probably also
because her pussy was getting more and more irritated and sore,
Jenny clearly had to exercise every single bit of self-control to
remain in position. After just a couple she started doing a
little jump as she felt each stinging contact on her rapidly
reddening pussy, causing her lovely bosoms to bounce appealingly.

After about ten Jenny's self-control flagged - she pulled away
and clamped her legs shut with a mournful wail.

"Jenny " said Timmy softly, with a threatening tone.

"Ohhhh!" Jenny moaned, returning to her assigned position, again
baring her cunt to attack, "It hurts SO much, Timmy. I can't
stand it."

"Well, you'd better stand it."

Tap, tap, tap.

"Oww! Ohhhh! Ahhh!" Again doing her little jumps, a nice game of
hop-scotch.

It was a pretty amusing and also pretty exciting scene. One
reason it was exciting was that even though Timmy really wasn't
using much force at all with the riding crop, Jenny was clearly
feeling quite a bit of pain. Obviously she had a very sensitive
pussy, and this gave us all great expectations for how she would
be performing when things go a little more serious.

Timmy now increased the force of the taps ever so slightly. I
could tell by the sound and also by the slightly increased pitch
in Jenny's little exclamations with which she announced each one.
She quickly reached a desperate point where it hurt too much and
pulled forward, disobediently bringing her hands down and
grabbing her aching crotch.

"Ohhhh! Ohhhh! I'm s-s-sorry! Oh, it huuurts!" she said between
clinched teeth. I could see her fingers sticking out behind,
under her bottom cheeks, massaging her poor pussy.

Timmy flashed us a grin as we all enjoyed Jenny's writhing and
moaning, as she unconsciously did a series of bumps and grinds
for us.

Timmy said, "Jenny, listen closely, if you can. You're getting
ten more taps right up between your legs. They'll be nice light
ones like I've been giving you if you maintain position. If you
move out of position ONE TIME, we will hold you still and you'll
get ten like this."

Whap! Timmy gave Jenny a real cracker right across her cute ass.
She shot bolt upright, grabbing her injured cheeks. "Owwwwwww!"
she yelled.

"Yep, just like that" Timmy continued, "only they won't be on
your bottom. Get it? Now get over here and spread your legs
again. Yes, turn so your big fat bottom is in my face. Now get
those legs apart. Good."

Timmy again started tapping that most sensitive spot. These taps
were like the last few had been - a touch toward the harder side.
Jenny squealed and moaned and writhed in agony, but, wonderfully,
managed to keep her position. Timmy made the last one a much more
serious whack, zipping the crop sharply into her already smarting
pussy, producing an impressive smacking sound. This caused the
poor girl to jump a foot in the air and then fall to the floor,
clutching madly at her wounded treasure, yelling loudly.

"Hmmm. She didn't REALLY keep position until she was told she
could move, but on the other hand, she DID make it through all
ten." Timmy mused, "What do you guys think."

Nancy said, "I think you should start over and give her the
entire ten over. She was clearly disobedient."

I said, "Well, I'm not sure. She did do very well up until the
end."

And Dave said, "I think we should show that we aren't tied
strictly to the letter of the law, and let her go on this one."

Jenny shot a look of love and gratitude toward her wonderful
Uncle as she continued to massage her cunt - rather shamelessly,
I must say!

"Oh,OK, then." Agreed Timmy, "So, Jenny, it's time to move on.
Get up. Come on. Stop playing with yourself and get on your feet.
No hiding your pussy, hands at your sides. Now let's see how
you're doing, so far. Come over here and spread your legs."

Jenny obeyed, displaying her plump mount just a few inches from
Timmy's greedy eyes. Jenny seemed to feel the humiliation of this
as acutely as if she had only just stripped for the first time
and had a wonderfully anguished look on her face. Her pussy,
however, seemed to be doing just fine, with no more untoward
results than a new healthy red glow, as if she were using a
little rouge on it. From the slightly bowlegged way she walked,
though, you could tell that it was smarting a bit.

"Let's give everyone a look." Said Timmy with an evil grin,
"Jenny, please walk over to Nancy and spread your legs. Good
girl."

Jenny complied, standing submissively in front of a smiling
Nancy, spreading her legs as ordered to show off as well as she
could the pink front of her pussy. "It's a good start, Timmy."
Was all Nancy had to say. 
