I stepped out of LAX airport in to dazzling sunlight, the brightness doing something to wake me up after the nine hour flight from London. I didn't have much luggage and the rubber-glove treatment at the Customs gate had gone much faster than I had anticipated. 

And now I was starting to feel nervous.



My heart was beginning to pound. With every step that I took, I realized that I was nearing the Rubicon. Was I really going to put my body into the hands of a stranger that had promised to abuse me hard non-stop for two weeks? It was unlike anything I had risked before. My prick was rock-hard just thinking about it but I was terrified too. It would be a big step.



His instructions had been explicit. Find the car – a Chevvy – in parking bay 4. The car's trunk would be slightly ajar and inside there would be a note, explaining precisely what I must do. He had warned me that he would be watching, though I would not see him. All I knew was that he lived outside of the city, a couple of hours drive away.



My raging hard-on thankfully wilted a little, which made walking easier as I searched for the car. I actually missed it on my first pass, so preoccupied was I with my thoughts. But soon there I was, taking a deep breath and staring at the car under the beating sunlight. My palms were sweaty, my throat dry and my legs were weak. This was the car, and all I had to do was climb in, and then there would be two full weeks of punishment, humiliation and hard fucking. It really was what I wanted but I had never been so frightened in my ife.



I looked around, searching for any spectators that might have been my Master. I could see nobody. The trunk sprung upon and in it was a hand-written note. I picked it up and started reading:



“Welcome to California you faggot cock-sucker. Your life over the next couple of weeks is going to be hell if you follow these instructions obediently. For now, all I want you to do is take your clothes off, leave them in a pile behind the car, and climb into the trunk. And I mean all your clothes faggot: Whilst you are my slave you will be naked all the time, unless I decide to dress you up like a whore.”



“Once you've stripped to your worthless butt, climb in the trunk and pull it closed behind you. You'll find a pair of cuffs inside – tie your wrists up behind you. I left a dildo in there for you to suckle on.”



“See you on the other side, cunthole.”



My hard-on had sprung right back to life. God, this was exciting. I fumbled with my shirt buttons and took it off, My shoes were kicked off and I yanked my socks off. I took a deep breath and took a quick look around to make sure that nobody could see me. Then, extremely quickly, so that there was no time for second thoughts, I pulled my jeans and boxers down and dived naked in to the trunk.



It was incredibly dark inside. My breathing was heavy and loud inside the enclosed space and I felt like whimpering. I had done it now – offering myself as a slave to a sadistic Master – and I was now helpless, trapped inside his car in a foreign country with no identification, no belongings, and no clothes. i was curled up inside the dark box, my tiny cock pressed into my stomach. There was something hard beneath me and I realized that it was the dildo and handcuffs that he had promised. I pressed the dildo into my mouth and felt blindly for the cuffs. It took a couple of minutes to get it right but soon enough I had managed to bind my wrists behind me.



It was impossible to tell the passage of time. I had no idea how many minutes had gone. Probably not many because every second in there felt like an hour. I soon grew hot inside the dark space and ever more fearful. I had expected the car to start up almost as soon as I had crawled inside but instead I was left to consider my position. At one point I thought that this may be an elaborate hoax, that nobody was coming and I would have to start banging and yelling for someone to open the car and let me out. There they would find me, trussed up with a sex toy in my mouth. It would be embarrassing and I would probably be kicked out of the country, but the thought of that was almost a relief when I thought of the alternative consequences.



Master had promised to do many nasty things when we were chatting online. He wanted to fuck me hard, stretch my hole and feed me to his poker buddies. He claimed to know of a great gloryhole spot where dozens of men would use my mouth and rinse their cum out with their piss. He had even threatened to take me to one of his lady friends so that her dog could fuck me like a bitch. Surely he was joking about that!



Hours must have passed by now, I was sure. It had to be a joke. Nobody was coming. I was just trapped in here like a stupid idiot, in this dark hot space.



But then... footsteps. I heard someone approach the car and move around the trunk. It was difficult to make out noises but I suspected that my belongings were being gathered up.  Then the door opened, the car's weight shifted and there was a clunk as the door closed. The engine started and suddenly all around me was noise. We pulled out and I rolled around, unable to balance myself with my hands tied behind my back.



We drove for over two hours, the car's purring lulling me to sleep almost, before the occasional sharp break would jolt me to life. At first there was plenty of noise from other cars as we travelled down the highway, but the other traffic seemed to grow less and less. Finally there was a sharp turn and the car bumped as we went down a rough track and I knew that we were nearly there. 

The car stopped and the engine died. Footsteps moved towards the back and then there was a key in the trunk and it popped open. Evening sunlight temporarily blinded me and I blinked away and looked up at my Master.



He was grinning, leering. He was a big man, close-cropped hair, good looking but with cruel eyes, He wore a T-shirt that fitted closely and it was obvious that he was well-built and more than capable of controlling me. Large arms betrayed many hours in the gym and there was a tattoo along one shoulder.



Laughing, he ripped the dildo from my mouth. “Hello slut,” he said, “I'm going to enjoy fucking you over.”
