Mom Son Sex.
Raja looked in his mother's bedroom, and saw half-empty plastic
bottle was lying near mother's feet. Both mother and baby were fast
asleep. The scene looked so peaceful compared to night before when
baby kept them both up with her frantic crying. Raja watched his
mother as she dozed. His mother, Sunita Devi was still a young
woman, only 34. She was beautiful with long black hair and beautiful
even wearing an old house use Sari and blouse. Raja noticed that the
hook in front of her blouse was undone and a large wet pink nipple
was protruding. Raja felt a sudden flash of shame and looked quickly
away. Mother had been trying to breast feed baby again but couldn't.
Doctor explained to her that many factors might be to blame
including the mother's diet and level of stress. Fortunately, almost
all babies who have trouble breast feeding have no problem feeding
from a bottle. Baby was doing fine with bottle but mother kept
trying to get her to nurse. Raja secretly found the idea of breast-
feeding exciting. Since puberty he had the usual teen-aged boy's
fascination with breasts. At 14 his sexual experiences were extended
to some groping of the school girlfriends. But those girls were
nothing compared to Raja's own mother, Sunita Devi.

His mother had a slender frame with large, heavy breasts. Secretly,
Raja had looked through the washing cloths to find one of his
mother's brassieres. Feeling both ashamed and excited Raja read the
faded tag on his mother's brassiere, 38DD. Hoping his mother would
not notice, Raja hides the brassiere under the frame of his bed from
which he would sometimes take it out to study when alone. Raja
learned that women's breasts could increase during pregnancy. At the
time of her pregnancy Raja's Father was with them. His father is
officer in navy. He used to stay out of town for six to eight months
at a stretch and then takes two to three months leave & stays at
home with them. Raja remembered when his father was at home four
month before. That time mother was five month pregnant. His father
told to mother that he would not go until baby is born. It was good
time as they were happy and enjoying. But just before one month he
went back to ship as his mother tried to stop him. He told her not
to worry that he had already arranged hospital and everything and
would be back within six month. Mother wanted father to stay up to
at least baby born. But his father didn't stay leaving his mother
with him. She was depressed and broke down. Raja told his mother not
to worry. They didn't need anyone else. He would take care of her,
and Raja did. Their financial condition wasn't that well that they
would hire any housemaid. So Raja took over cleaning the house and
doing the household shopping, and even had gotten a part-time job at
the local library to help their income.

When his mother admitted at the local hospital, Raja volunteered to
be his mother's caretaker but mother's younger sister, Anita auntie,
said it wasn't proper and took his place as caretaker. In Raja's
mother case, there had been some complications and a Cesarean had to
be performed. He was forced to stay outside in the Waiting Room
while Anita auntie with mother in the delivery room. He was
overjoyed when the nurse announced that he now had a healthy baby
sister. The nurse led him into the hospital room where his mother
laid dreamily in the bed holding the little baby. He hugged his
mother and held his sleepy baby sister cautiously. "Meet your new
baby sister, Raja." Sunita Devi announced proudly. His mother
unbuttoned the top few button her hospital dress. Casually, she
reached in, and an enormous white breast capped with a glistening
pink nipple flopped out. "Uhhh, Maa. Shall I wait outside?" he said
nervously. He averted his eyes quickly, but he kept finding his eyes
drawn back where he would steal quick peeks of his mother's bare
breast. He rarely saw his mother's breasts except for quick glances
when she would lean over in a low- cut blouse or if pallu of her
sari would fell. He was actually shocked and excited at his mother's
sudden casual display of nudity in front of him. "No! Stay here
Raja. I'm going to feed my milk to baby." Sunita Devi took baby to
her nipple. Baby's mouth was against the nipple but she didn't suck.
She lifted her heavy breast to position it better, and a thin white
liquid squirted in the air from the top of his mother's nipple.

Raja was fascinated. "I have to feed baby as I have been
uncomfortable since I started producing milk." Raja just nodded
nervously and tried to look away. She tried to nurse little baby,
but she just looked with her unfocused eyes. At one point some of
the drippings of her milk got on baby's lips but she still didn't
get the hint. "She's probably doesn't know how to suck. I try
later." She put baby back into the hospital cradle where she
immediately fell asleep. "The doctor says I should be ready to go
home the day after Tomorrow." Sunita Devi held Raja's hand
warmly, "Raja, you have done too much help even though you're small,
son" "Maa, I'll always be there for you" he said tenderly. "Raja!"
she was smiling mischievously, "you're staring at me so much." Raja
looked away ashamed from his mother's bare breast. She pushed her
exposed breast safely back into the folds of her dress. "Don't be
embarrassed Raja." Sunita Devi said warmly as she unhurriedly re-
buttoned her dress, "I certainly know from personal experience about
the fascination of teen-aged boys with breasts", she laughed. He was
hot with embarrassment but his mother held his hand
reassuringly. "Breast feeding is the most natural thing in the
world. Please don't be embarrassed when I am feeding baby, OK
Raja?" "OK, mother." He hung his head down. He crossed his legs
slightly to hide his erection, and prayed to God that she didn't see
that!

Raja came to sense when he saw his mother woke up. Sunita Devi
smiled when she saw him standing over her. "How are you, Maa? Is
baby sleep?" She rubbed her eyes. "Yeah. She didn't calm down until
up to this morning. I tried again to get her to nurse but I
couldn't." she said sadly. He took baby from her and placed her in
the cradle. He wrapped her tight in the blanket. Sunita Devi was
still sitting in the chair when he returned, trying to shake the
sleep from her eyes. He noticed that her blouse was still unhooked
and his mother's bare breast was still hanging out. He could see
that it was heavy with milk. Since he moved the baby he now noticed
that the front of her blouse was soaked. She must be producing milk
heavily. She looked down at herself. "God, I am a mess." She lifted
the front of her blouse slightly, which opened the unbuttoned
portion of her blouse further, exposing the white breast more. She
lifted the breast that was exposed to insert in the blouse and her
nipple shoot a white spray of warm milk that landed on Raja's
shirt. "Oh, I am sorry, Raja." She closed the blouse, hooked and
securely tucking away her breast. "Uh, that's OK, mother." He felt
the warm wetness of her milk against his chest as it soaked through
his shirt. It was a not unpleasant sensation. "Have you got
something to do, Raja, while I change and feed baby." his mother
said as she finally got up from the chair. "Sure, Maa." He left the
room, closing the door behind him.

He checked on around the house, then, was deciding what to do for
dinner when his mother suddenly called for him from the bedroom. He
opened his mother's bedroom door. He was surprised to see his mother
half naked sitting on her bed, holding baby. Although she wore the
Sari, pallu of her sari was lying on the floor. The hooks of her
blouse were open exposing his mother's heavy, swollen breasts. The
nipples were bright red and engorged, and dripping with milk. Her
figure since the pregnancy was softly padded voluptuous curves
instead of the trim figure she had had previously. In spite of him
Raja grew immediately hard with the cock throbbing almost
painfully. "Raja, she isn't sucking." She said desperately. She
didn't appear to be aware effect of her half nakedness was having on
him. He looked over the baby. Baby was looking her breast with
twinkling eyes even though her nipple was on her mouth. He came
closer to his mother. Then turned face of baby holding her chicks
with his fingers "mother, I think her lips are close, maybe you have
to stick it in to her mouth." His mother lifted her left heavy
breast and gently pushed nipple inside baby's lips. Since his hand
was still touching the baby's chin, his mother's breast rest lightly
against his finger. It felt warm and full. He was too scared and too
excited to move his hand, but she said nothing. He flicked the
chicks of baby with his hand but nothing. "She can't get it, mother.
Maybe you can try after some time." She pulled herself out of the
baby's mouth, brushing against his finger as she did. She started to
cry. "Raja, I'm a failure as a mother. I can't even feed my own
baby. I can't do anything right." she sobbed. "Maa, don't cry." He
hugged her and felt his mother's bare breasts pressed heavily
against his chest. Immediately, he backed away.

"Raja, they hurt! They're full with milk now, I have to take that
out." she said desperately cupping her breasts. "Maybe, we should
call doctor, mother." Suddenly something stuck in Sunita Devi's
mind. She looked at him questioningly. "What, Maa?" "Raja. I feed
you when you were a baby. You didn't have any problems. I feed you
my milk until you were twelve months old." "Mother, what are you
saying?" "Raja, if you don't mind can you suck out my milk. "Suck
out her milk? His heart was racing. "Raja, you're still my son just
like baby. Please suck some milk for me." His cock was painfully
hard now and his mouth felt dry. "Please, Raja. Do this for
me." "Uh, yeah, mother." he stuttered. "How are we going to do
this?" he asked nervously. Sunita Devi sat up further on the bed
with her back against the bed frame. Here was a fantasy of Raja's
secret-most dreams. Settle down. That's your mother there, he
thought. She only wants you to do what the baby is supposed to do.
Nothing more. "Come here, son," his mother said lovingly. He looked
at his mother waiting for him on the bed on the looking like every
man's innermost fantasy. He didn't think of that old blouse as
something sexy before but now he realized that it could have been
something out of fantasy. It framed heavy weight of his mother's
breasts, putting them on display with the front open, exposing his
mother's breasts; the open blouse actually accentuated their
nakedness.

Dreamily, he climbed up on the bed to his mother. She pulled him to
her. Her nipple was bright red and glistened with the milk that was
leaking out. She held him by the back of the head, gently bringing
him to her breast. A hard nipple brushed against his lips and
released more fluid. He opened his mouth instinctively and took in
the nipple. It tasted sweet from the milk. He reached under and
cupped the breast with his thumb. It was heavy with milk. He
tentatively sucked, and was surprised at the gush of milk that
suddenly filled his mouth. His mother's milk was like cow's milk
except it was thinner and sweeter. He savored the warm milk. The
milk started to overflow his mouth and drip down his chin onto his
chest. He swallowed his mother's milk to stop to overflow, and
discovered that the action caused even more milk to flow from his
mother's tit. He sucked harder, drinking deep from the fluid of
life. As he drained more milk from mother's breast he could feel the
swelling of her breast slowly diminishing. Her body started relaxing
as he relieved the painful pressure. While he sucked, the other
nipple brushed against the side of his face, causing milk to drip
down his cheek. "That's it, my son! You're doing fine, Raja!" She
kissed the top of his head and ran her fingers playfully through his
hair. He sucked hungrily at his mother's breast, and greedily
swallowed the milk with loud gulps. He held on tightly with both
hands to the soft abundance of her breast. Raja knew that this was
all he ever needed. As he sucked at his mother's tit he knew all
other experiences in his life would pale compared to this. He could
feel his mother's body start to stir with excitement. She pressed
his head firmly to his breast and started spreading her legs, which
cause her sari and petticoat raised up to her thighs.

Raja was lying between her open legs slightly resting on her bare
thighs. "Oh, Raja." She started moaning. He continued to suck hard
until the flow drained to a tinkle. Without even thinking or looking
his mouth found his mother's other nipple. A fresh gush of milk
filled his mouth. His mother's legs were now wrapped around Raja's
knee. "Come on, Raja." she moaned softly. Raja's cock was throbbing.
Unconsciously he started rubbing it against his mother's thighs
through his trousers. He found a rhythm, and continued to suck
deeply at his mother's nipple. Raja decided to tease the nipple with
his tongue as he sucked. When his tongue lightly touched her nipple
he felt the electricity go through his mother's body. He played with
the nipple as he continued to suck, and his mother's body started
quaking. He could feel her hotness even through her sari and his
trousers as his mother ground her crotch against him. "Oh, son" she
now moaned loudly. Her breast was almost completely drained. Raja
continued to suck the last of the milk as he teased her nipple with
his tongue. "Oh! Oh! Oh!" His mother's body was shaking now as she
moaned. Raja felt pain as he ejaculated in violent spasms in his
underpants. They both lay there silently. Raja's lips where still on
his mother's breast but he had stopped sucking. "Raja?" He was
almost asleep. "Raja?" "Uh!" He lay there almost silences against
the warmth of his mother's body. "Raja, I think we have to get up,"
she said in a soft voice. Raja forced himself to sit up. He looked
at his mother and felt embarrassed and guilty, But Sunita Devi only
smiled back sweetly at him. His mother's breasts were wet with milk
as was the rest of her front. He was a mess himself, with milk on
his mouth and dripping down his chin to his shirt, which was
completely soaked through with his mother's milk. "Thanks, son. I
don't know what I would do without you." He felt his mother's
breasts brush against him as she kissed him on the cheek. Raja was
dazed. His head felt like it was full of cotton. Had this just taken
place? He felt like he was dreaming. Did his mother really come? He
didn't have enough experience to judge such things. He had certainly
come. He felt the wetness at his underpants. Did she know? "Raja,
can you give me some privacy while I clean up?" "Uh! sure Maa." he
said slowly. He lifted himself awkwardly off the bed. "And clean
yourself, too". He looked backed at his mother still sitting half-
naked on the bed. She gave him a wink, which made tingles travel
down his spine.

He closed his mother's door behind him; and now felt very alone and
confused. Raja went to bathroom and cleans himself. He fixed
something for dinner and tried to keep himself busy so he did not
have to think about what had just taken place. Had it really
happened? The bedroom door creaked open. His mother emerged dressed
in another fresh Sari and blouse. "Uh! hi Maa", he said
nervously, "Ouch!" He burned his hand on the stove. His mother ran
to him. "Are you all right, son?" She held his hand and gave it a
kiss. "Yeah, I am OK, Maa." "Raja, are you in tension by what we
just did?" she asked seriously. "Uh! I don't know, mother." He was
unsure what to say. She held each of his hands, and looked him
lovingly in the eyes. "Raja, you did help me, your mother! I was
suffering because baby is not feeding." She held him by the
shoulders. "You, we didn't do anything wrong in there, Raja. You're
my son just like baby is. Because you are older doesn't mean that
it's wrong for you." He nodded quickly. "Look, I know you probably
enjoyed it. I told you I knew about teen aged boys and their
fixations." She smiled slyly. "And I'll tell you that I enjoyed it,
too. It's the way a woman's body is designed so that breast feeding
encourages bonding." "Raja, you helped me out when I desperately
needed it. Don't be ashamed of." She gave his a motherly kiss on the
forehead. He did feel better. "We're going to do this later when I
fill up again." Despite himself he grew immediately hard. They ate
dinner together saying little. He had to work part time in the
library, so he went off. At work he couldn't keep his mind off of
his mother. He kept looking at his watch as he worked there. When
work was over he left immediately rather than stopping to chat with
some of his friends. A couple of times he had to slow down after he
glanced down at his watch and realized how fast he was walking. When
he finally got home it was dark except for his mother's bedroom. He
walked over to his mother's open doorway.

She was standing in front of dressing table, wearing blouse and
petticoat and about to start wearing her sari. As Sunita Devi saw
Raja She smiled at him. He smiled back nervously. "I have been
waiting for you, Raja. Just now I had a bath. Just wait till I wear
this sari. Let it be! Actually doesn't need to wear," saying that
she leaves the sari on floor and walked toward the bed. She turned
to him and sat on the bed. Then She unhooked her blouse and freed
her breast. She sat up against the headboard as before and spread
her legs slightly raising her petticoat above her knees. Then slide
down like lying position. While sliding down her petticoat, which
was above her knee slide further up exposing her white thighs all
the way. Even Raja could see her panties. Raja was startled. Instead
of the plain white panties, his mother was wearing a fancy pair of
panties. He did not even remember seeing these panties in his secret
excursions into his mother's drawer. His mother's breasts were large
and swollen, but still hung high. The nipples were engorged and
pink, and glistened with the wetness of her milk. He stood there in
awe at his mother's nakedness. "Oh! mother." He heard his voice
saying. He immediately felt embarrassed and had to look away. Seeing
his embarrassment, his mother smiled, "Don't be embarrassed, Raja.
This is more comfortable for me. Now come to your mother." Raja went
to bed and she pulled him on her. Raja immediately began to suck his
mother's breast. It was better this time. He knew what to do as he
steadily drained his mother's boob. He felt her mother's body relax
against him as he removed the pressure in her breast. He drank deep
from her warm, sweet milk. With his tongue he started teasing the
tip of her nipple, and as before his mother's body starting stirring
under him. She wiggled against him while he sucked and played with
his mother's nipple. When the breast was drained he automatically
switched to the other. A gush of warm milk shot into his mouth as
soon as his mouth clamped onto the nipple. He could feel the
excitement starting to build in himself and his mother.

They pressed their bodies against each other. In their squirming
they unconsciously, or was it deliberate re-positioned themselves
until their hips were pressed tightly together. Raja's throbbing
erection was pressed against his mother's crotch through the layers
of his trousers and her panties. Raja finally drained the second
breast but kept sucking hungrily at his mother's breast. She didn't
seem to mind, though, because they were now pushing rhythmically
against each other. Caught up in the fever of the excitement, Raja
cautiously reached down under him and raised her petticoat all the
way up and placed his finger on the waistband of his mother's
panties. His mother quickly grabbed his hand and pulled it away.
Scared he had gone too far with his mother, Raja started pulling
away from his mother, but she pushed him back onto her. She was
setting her limits. He sucked his mother harder now and let his
teeth scrape very lightly against his mother's nipple. "Oh Raja, my
son" His mother's hips jerked against him. His mother's excitement
caused his dam to finally burst. He bucked rhythmically against his
mother and came in a shuddering climax. "Maaaa" he heard himself
moan. They lay still for a few minutes not saying a word. He felt
the warmth of his mother's body against him. Unlike last time there
was not mistaking what each of them had felt this time. Raja had
never seen a woman orgasm but now had no doubt that this is what his
mother had felt. He thought it pretty obvious to his mother that he
had came too. Another thing was different, too; this time Raja did
not feel the shame he had felt before. He still felt somewhat unsure
but he knew that this second time he and his mother had known what
they were doing. The first time could have been accidental, but
there was no mistaking their intend this time. "You OK, Raja?" He
rolled off his mother. "Yeah, Ma, I am OK." "It was good was not it,
son?" "Yeah, mother, I liked it a lot." he beamed. He did feel
better. He didn't want to leave but his mother told him it was time
for both of them to get ready for bed in own separate beds.

