Showing Off His Wife
by LitEroCat

Sub displayed and laid air tight with friend and neighbor.

Steve decided it was time for some fun with his submissive wife, Lara. "I invited Jay over for a little excitement. He's been drooling over you since forever and I know you're curious about the thick package you stare at every time he's around. Your safe word is REDRED again. Don't use it. Make us both happy."

"Oh Steve, honey, I'm not in the mood today. Can we do it another day?"

He turned her around to face the large bay windows, pressing her ass against him as he massaged her tits. "You forgot to call me Master. He's already on his way and you don't want to disappoint either of us. Right?" He could feel her nipples harden and he flipped her dress down under her massive melons. She stood there with her tits alfresco as Steve kissed her neck and nibbled on her ear. A new neighbor watered his lawn directly across the street. Lara had seen his interest in her before, but his back was to her bared tits at the moment.

Steve rolled her dress down and soon Lara stepped out of it and stood there naked, breathless and hoping her neighbor would turn around so she could blame her lover for exposing her. He ran his hand down over her mound and found it extra wet. The doorbell rang and she lurched. Bending to grab her dress, Steve slapped her bare ass and pushed her toward the door. "Open it for Jay. Let his first view be you in all your beautiful glory." He pushed her again and she convinced herself she had no choice but to open the door naked and risk giving the neighbor a better look at her full frontal.

Jay opened the door and gasped. He scanned her inviting beauty a moment then silently plunged two fingers easily into Lara, with no resistance, and whispered in her ear, "I've always admired your beauty from afar and waited desperately for this moment. Steve finally lost a big bet and was only too happy to show you off and share you with me. Happy to finally meet you." She stared at the huge tent forming in his shorts and clenched her pussy on the stranger's stirring fingers.

"I-I-I've seen you at the company picnic and with Steve. I'm happy to meet your fingers and hope for more soon. Steve says he wants me to make you both happy. I know what my perv husband likes so I need, ahhhh, to know what you like." She rose on her toes as he lifted her by her pussy and tickled her clit.

"Well, I love these hard nipples on your massive tits and your fragrant, tight pussy has already impressed me. I want to taste it directly and have you cum in my mouth. I expect to fill all three of your holes with my cum and watch you share it with Jay. Is that direct enough for you?"

"Yes. The Tuesday special it is. You may need to undress for much of that." She grabbed the thick, commando meat threatening to escape his shorts and squeezed hard. He lurched and smiled.

"I was hoping you would do that for me, but not in the open doorway. I'm a little shy."

"Of course you are," she said as she unsnapped his shorts and he pushed the door. He kicked off his shoes as she peeled off his shirt then unzipped his shorts and slowly pushed them down. When she passed his hairy bush and exposed the base three inches of stiff cock, the tease turned to her husband. "Do you need help stripping? I bet Jay would like to pull your cock out for you. Maybe you want to finish jerking his cock out?"

Steve took the hint and quickly tossed aside his shirt and shorts. His thin but long cock bounced lewdly as he kicked off his shoes. Jay stared as Lara pushed his shorts down another two inches then quickly pushed it to the floor. His thick and long cock leapt at her face and she caught it with her chin. "Hmm, this looks nicer than I expected. I can't wait to feel it inside me in each hole. Thank you, Master, for bringing it to me."

"Let me start here before we foul it." Jay knelt and moved Lara's right leg onto his shoulder. His cock lurched when he saw her pretty pussy pop open and the tongue of her inner lips reach out for him. Her vulva glistened from her arousal. "Mmm, smells so good, tastes great, is beautiful, and I know how tight it is already." Lara shivered as he lapped her pussy outside then in. He reached around to push a finger into her ass, but Steve was already in it and pulsing it. He moved to her hard nipple and squeezed it hard. She groaned as a jolt shot to her clit. Jay pushed her hood back and lapped her clit. When he slapped it back and forth with his tongue, she screeched and flooded his face. "If you always cum this easily, you will be exhausted by tonight."

Steve bent her over and found her wet pussy swollen and inviting. He lined up his cock with it and teased her by inserting just the bishop. Meanwhile, with Jay still on the floor, her huge, swinging tits slapped him. He caught one nipple with his hand, the other with his mouth. As Steve began fucking his wife, Jay sucked and bit her nipple. Before she came again, he broke off and said he needed to wash off the work grime before he continued.

Steve told him where to find the master bedroom and Jay announced he was going upstairs to take a shower. As soon as the shower was running, Steve decided it was time to take the party upstairs and give this loving wife a good romp on her bed. He figured Jay would be up to joining them so he pulled her off his dick and helped her up telling her they would continue upstairs. She readily agreed, relishing in the thought that Steve would again take her in her marital bed. The idea of a DP stirred deep-seeded, dark emotions.

Jay was toweling off and exiting the bathroom as they reached the bedroom. Steve instructed Lara to open up the window shades. She looked confused but didn't refuse although she was a bit hesitant being all three were naked and the neighbors directly to their side could clearly see into the bedroom. As she was almost done opening the last shade facing front, Steve came up behind her and hugged her waist with his left hand, taking her face in his hand and turning her so she could kiss him.

They were both directly in front of the unobstructed window. Lara didn't know the neighbors to her side, but just the fact that she could be seen scared her yet excited her terribly. Steve brought his left hand up to her tits and started massaging them and pulling on her erect nipples all the while kissing her passionately and gyrating his hips drilling his cock into her ass crack. This was all part of his plan to push her to the limit, to see how far she would go and expose her as much as he could. It was clear to him she would stop at nothing.

He turned her around without breaking the passionate kiss as his hands roamed her ass and back. He waved Jay over and soon Lara was sandwiched between two hunky men. Jay kissed her neck as Steve continued his assault on her sensuous mouth all the while both men caressed her all over. This hot action lasted for quite a while before Steve instructed her to assume the position facing out and plaster her tits against the front window.

She did as was instructed and she detected activity in the other houses although at that very moment she didn't care. Jay decided to watch the action from the bed. He lay down and started stroking his cock and massaging his balls.

Over by the window, Steve sunk to his knees behind Lara and parted her ass cheeks wide, diving into her ass, giving her the rimming of a lifetime. She just about lost it. She kept her position with her tits plastered against the cold window as Steve licked, tickled and nibbled in and around her asshole.

She saw a young neighbor still watering his yard and soon she clearly had his attention. Mouth open, he was glued to the action. He knew Lara was being pleasured. She didn't care; in fact, it excited her to know this other total stranger was fixated on her.

"He's looooking at meee," she moaned. Steve heard her but didn't mind her. Jay got up from the bed and stood behind Steve and Lara.

"Oh, I see you have an admirer. Young guy, maybe in his 20s... why you hot MILF! You enjoy showing off your goods to young men, don't you?"

She whimpered a weak, "Yes."

Jay then instructed Lara to play with her tits... to pinch and pull on her erect nipples. She did as was instructed. She was then told to make eye contact with the neighbor and seduce him with her mouth. She followed directions running her tongue along her top lip, blowing him kisses. The neighbor, a young college student, was now waving at her. She waved back.

Steve decided it was time for some hotter action so he got up, stood to Lara's right then brought her mouth down on his cock by her hair, making eye contact with the young neighbor and giving him a thumb's up.

Jay positioned himself behind Lara and inserted his cock in her wet cunt. The neighbor was now watching Lara enjoying two cocks. Jay pumped Lara a few times before pulling out and aiming his cock at her asshole. It was his turn to enjoy her brown charm. He parted her cheeks and his greased cockhead went in easily.

She moaned. Steve was using her hair to bob her head up and down on his cock. Jay pulled out and reinserted his cock this time feeding her a few more inches. This set Lara on fire. She wondered why she'd waited so long to experiment and enjoy a cock up her ass. This was pure heaven. She pushed back feeding herself the rest of Jay's cock. He moaned as his cock slipped in her tight hole, fitting him like a glove.

Soon Jay was humping her ass for all it was worth. She liked it hard and rough and he was willing to give it to her. The neighbor was not forgotten. Steve signaled him to come join them. The action moved to the bed.

"Hello? Your door was partially open. May I come in?" asked the young neighbor. "I just moved in last month. I love what I saw, but I don't want to intrude."

"Upstairs, end of the hall. Come in and strip for us or go home," shouted Steve.

The bedroom door swung wide. "I'm J-j-jack," he stuttered as he took in the two naked men filling naked Lara's lower holes. His young cock was stiff before he reached the front door, now it lurched again.

"Naked or go home. Lara has one hole open and waiting or you. Are you in or out?"

Jack quickly stripped saying, "Oh, I'm in and so happy to meet neighbors with a like mind."

"Shut up for now and fill her mouth with your cock. Deep throat her and fill her belly with your cum. Can you handle that? If so, you can have her pussy to fill next."

"Hey, don't I get a say in this, Master?"

"No slave. Now shut your mouth on this young man's cock. If you like it, I'm sure you can have more of it." She swallowed Jack's cock deep in her throat. Finally air tight, she could not think which cock pleased her the most. With two strange cocks in her trying to please her, her entire body felt like one giant, sensitive pussy. She came moaning and shuddering which all three men cum in her within seconds of her. Mind blown, she stayed still, yet kept twitching and made all her lovers groan and drain their balls dry.

When Lara was finally still, Steve challenged Jack to eat Lara front and rear because his naked wife's used cunt and ass were full of cum. Jack didn't hesitate. He first licked Jay's cock as it slid from her ass. He swallowed Jay's cum as it drained as Jay sucked his young cock clean in gratitude. Steve stayed in her snug pussy as Jack rimmed his wife and licked her brown hole clean. Taking a deep breath, Jack moved to her pussy and licked Steve's cock clean as it slid out of her filled pussy. Holding her pussy closed, he sucked the shrinking cock, it lurched and spit another drop of fresh cum. Jack licked his balls then released the flood of Steve's cum from her swollen pussy. He fingered it to chase all remaining cum out then lapped her inner lips. When he sucked her clit, she shuddered and came again.

The rest of the afternoon was spent pleasuring Lara on her marital bed and rotating who filled which hole. She enjoyed her Tuesday special and arranged a weekend special with her new lovers.

