In Another Haze
by LittleRobbie
post by litrob2000

IN ANOTHER HAZE – PART 4 – SATURDAY

Saturday morning found Lily still staked out on the lawn, face down and half-naked, behind the Psi Kappa Alpha fraternity house. The Friday afternoon activities had tired her out, and she couldn’t help but sleep from exhaustion, except she kept getting interrupted by frat boys groping her, feeling up her butt, and tweaking her clitoris (anything more was forbidden) every time she started to fall asleep.

At 8:00am, Erika arrived to get Lily untied, so that she could return to the sorority house for breakfast with the other pledges, all of whom had apparently suffered similar humiliations at the fraternity house the night before. After breakfast, the pledges were allowed to get a few hours’ sleep before embarking on their full-day hazing session.

The Saturday pledge activities started with the pledges being provided with new wardrobes. Lily’s consisted of a thin white tube top, low-cut jeans, black thong panties, and pink flip-flops. No bra, and her thong strings were showing above her belt line. Definitely a “slutty” look that she was not accustomed to.

The ten pledges were then deployed to ten separate locations around campus and told to expect text messages giving them instructions. Lily was sent to the student center cafeteria, which included both indoor and outdoor seating areas. Once there, she received her first text message:

THERE ARE FOUR JOCKS SITTING TOGETHER AT THE TABLE NEXT TO THE DOORS. APPROACH THE TABLE AND ASK ONE OF THEM HOW BIG HIS COCK IS. THEN ASK HIM TO PROVE IT. REPORT BACK, WITH PHOTO.

Oh, boy. Ugh. In her low-cut jeans and tube top, she was not gonna get much respect on this one. But here goes. “Hi, how ya doing, guys?”

They all looked up and were happily surprised to see such a cute girl, looking a bit like a hooker, standing at their table.

“All right, cute stuff!”

“Welcome to our table. We were just talking about how hungry we were!”

Lily kept her cutest smile. “I’ve got a question for one of you guys.”

The dark-skinned jock with wavy black hair spoke first. “I’m all yours, sweetheart. Hit me with it.”

Lily cleared her throat. “Um. Exactly how big is your c-cock?”

The four guys exploded in laughter.

“Whoa! That’s top secret, lady!”

“Well, she’s kinda shy, isn’t she?!

Her jock took it in stride. He chuckled, “You mean fully erect, or flaccid?”

Lily wasn’t ready for that question. She improvised, “Um, let’s say, fully erect.”

“Okay. Well, how about I take it out, and you can measure it for me?”

Lightly laughing, “No, no, I’d prefer to look but not touch.”

“What is this, some sort of initiation or something like that?”

“Yeah, something like that.” She was forcing herself to be friendly and casual, even though this was embarrassing as hell.

“Okay, well, you’re kinda cute, so I’ll give you a break. My fully erect penis is nine inches.”

“Great, thanks! But, um, I need to confirm. I mean, if you don’t mind.”

The jock was taken aback, but quickly recovered. “Damn, girl, you can inspect it all you like. Is right here alright for you?”

“Yes, please, that’s fine. Thank you.”

The jock reached down to unbutton and unzip. He turned in his chair to make sure Lily could see. “Uh-oh, you’re not seeing it at full sail, so you won’t be able to confirm my erect nine inches. What are we gonna do about that, do you think?”

Lily was trapped, and there only seemed one way to get this over and done. She crouched down to play with his dick, which he definitely enjoyed. “Oh, my comrades, she’s on it! She’s got the touch! I’m in love!”

It took several minutes of sexy touching, tickling, and stroking to get him fully erect, at which time Lily stopped and pronounced him truthful in his nine-inch claim. She then took a closeup photo so she could confirm her completion. He zipped up and turned back in his chair. “Come back any time, cute stuff. I hope you pass your initiation.”

Lily retreated red-faced to the indoor seating area, anxious to erase the memory of the dick measurement. She sent Erika the photo and texted: VISUAL CONFIRMATION OF PENIS AT 9 INCHES.

Her next text message arrived from Erika:

SEE THE TABLE OVER BY THE VENDING MACHINES. 2 BOYS AND 2 GIRLS. PERFORM A PRIVATE KARAOKE FOR THEM. WE WILL SEND THE SONG TO YOUR PHONE. BEFORE YOU BEGIN, TAKE OFF YOUR JEANS AND HAND THEM TO ONE OF THE GIRLS. TELL HER TO KEEP THEM UNTIL YOU ARE DONE. THEY ONLY HAVE TO RETURN THE JEANS TO YOU IF THEY WERE TURNED ON BY YOUR PERFORMANCE.

Huge sigh from Lily. Removing her jeans will only make her look sluttier than she already did. Let’s do this and get it over with. She approached the table with the four students.

“Hi! Sorry to interrupt. Can I do a karaoke for you? Just one song, if that’s okay.”

The students looked a bit bewildered but agreed to be her audience for the one song. “Yeah, I guess so, if that’s your thing.”

“Thank you, it is! Actually what is really my thing is doing karaoke b-bottomless.”

There was complete silence from the four students. Then, “You mean no pants?”

“I’ll make you a deal. I’ll give you my jeans, and you only have to return them to me if you enjoy my performance. I know this sounds a little crazy, but it’s what I get off on.”

The two boys were eager to see this, and the girls agreed to let them have their fun. They said okay.

Lily quickly slipped her flip-flops off and pushed her jeans down to the floor, kicked them off, and handed them to one of the girls. The four students were surprised to see so much of Lily’s skin exposed; just a thin tube top and a black thong. She was practically naked in the cafeteria.

Lily checked her phone to see which song she would be singing. Oh, great! It was “I Feel Pretty” from West Side Story. They couldn’t have picked a more embarrassing song to be performed half naked! At least she knew the song, so she pressed Play and started to sing.

I feel pretty
Oh so pretty
I feel pretty and witty and gay
And I pity any girl who isn’t me today

Lily managed to carry a tune, but these lyrics were humiliating in her current state, and she couldn’t bring herself to do anything more than sway back and forth. She stole a glance at her little audience, and she could tell that they were not too excited by her performance. She definitely wanted her pants back, so she began to add some dance moves to give the appearance that she was an entertainer.

I feel charming
Oh so charming. . .

Lily was struggling to perform while being this embarrassed, but she pushed on and tried to shut out the circumstances. She upped the dance movements, to the delight of the boys at the table, who were totally fixated on her mostly bare butt. She finally made it through the song and finished with a flourish and a bow.

“TA DA! How was that?!”

The boys at the table were grinning ear to ear, but the girls looked much less impressed. They conferred privately and finally turned back to Lily to let her know that she “barely” (ha ha) passed the test. They reluctantly threw her jeans back to her, and she was quick to get dressed and get on to her next assignment. The text arrived a few minutes later:

UP IN THE 2ND FLOOR CONFERENCE ROOM, THERE IS A MEETING OF COMPUTER GAMERS. KNOCK ON THE DOOR AND INTRODUCE YOURSELF TO WHOEVER ANSWERS. TELL THAT PERSON THAT YOU DESERVE A SPANKING – AT LEAST 20 SPANKS. GET DOWN ON YOUR KNEES AND BEG FOR A GOOD HARD BARE ASS SPANKING. NO JEANS, NO PANTIES. AND NO MATTER HOW HARD YOU ARE HIT ON THE FIRST SPANK, YOU MUST SHOUT “HARDER”. WHEN YOU ARE DONE, TAKE A PIC OF YOUR BUTT, AND IT HAD BETTER BE BRIGHT RED.

OMG, thought Lily. Her butt was still tender from her many spankings last night. But okay, she thought, who do you suppose these “computer gamers” are? They sound safe enough. Let’s see. She walked up to the second floor and found the conference room. Next game, here we go. She knocked.

The door was answered, not by the male nerd he expected, but by a rather short goth-ish girl who appeared to be a freshman, like Lily. Short black hair with a green streak on one side. Black jeans and black boots. She didn’t seem to have much patience for Lily standing there in the hallway.

“Yeah?”

“Hello. I’m Willy, and. . .and I’ve been naughty. I need a spanking.” Lily was hoping that this girl would take the bait.

“Uh, excuse me?!”

“I need a good spanking. At least twenty smacks on my bare ass. Can you give me that?”

“Oh, yeah? Hm.” She turned to talk to the others in the room. “Hey, guys, there’s a slut here who is looking for a good spanking. Yeah, no kidding, right? Anyone want to give her a spanking?”

Lily stepped forward to see who was in the conference room. There were about eight students there, mostly gamer nerds – boys and girls. They were all staring at her in the doorway. One of the boys spoke up to the girl with the green streak, “Well, what about you, Zoe? You’re kinda into kink, aren’t you?”

“Shut up, only a little bit!” She looked at Lily up and down. “Okay, get your ass in here and we’ll see about giving you what you want.”

Lily stepped into the room, thankful that the most awkward part was over. The conference room was furnished with a simple table and rolling chairs. There were laptops littering the table, and there were full height windows along one wall, looking out on the campus quad, with the shades fully open.

Zoe grabbed Lily by one arm and led her around to the side of the table next to the windows. “Okay, this is pretty weird, but let’s do this! Right here okay with you?”

Right in front of the window, where anyone walking on the quad could see her if they looked? “Yes, here is fine, thank you.”

Zoe continued, “Face the table and raise your arms.” Lily obeyed, then felt Zoe’s hands unbuckling and unzipping her jeans. Zoe slid the jeans down to her ankles, then reached up and quickly pulled down her thong also. “Now lean forward until your elbows are resting on the table.” Lily did so, fully aware of the picture she was presenting to the gamers in the room as well as people in the quad below.

“Mmmm! That is one luscious looking ass! Almost hate to mark it up, but, y’know, this is what you asked for, and I would hate to disappoint you.” Lily heard laughter around the room as all the gamers seemed to have forgotten what they were supposed to be doing together and were now focused on this sexy – and kinky – spanking. Next thing Lily heard was Zoe’s belt being pulled out.

“You ready, there, Willy, sweetheart?”

“Yes, all ready.”

Zoe’s first swat with her leather belt was dead center on the softest part of Lily’s behind, and it was not timid. It stung like hell. But Lily remembered her texted instructions, and she shouted, “Harder!”

“Oh, yeah?! Not enough pain for you, huh? Okay, sweetie, I’ll stop tickling you.”

The rest of the belt swats were stronger and practically lifted Lily off the ground. It was a good thing the door was closed, because Lily was squealing and shrieking at every stroke. When it was over, she wiped her tears and asked Zoe to take a butt pic with her phone, so she could show Erika just how red she was.

Lily wasted no time pulling her thong and jeans back up and exiting the conference room. Then she sent her butt pic to Erika, hoping to hear that she could take a break now. She quickly got a return message:

GOOD, NOW GET THAT VERY RED ASS BACK TO THE SORORITY HOUSE RIGHT NOW. DON’T WALK, SKIP THE WHOLE WAY. YES I SAID SKIP. BIG SKIPS.

Hmm, Lily wondered, what was that about? The sorority house was about a fifteen-minute walk from the student center, so she reckoned it would be about twenty minutes trying to skip in her flip-flops. After the first minute or so, Lily discovered Erika’s evil plan: the skipping got her breasts bouncing pretty hard, and in her thin white tube top, this was plainly visible to everyone she passed. Also, the skipping was causing her jeans to rub against her bare just-spanked butt cheeks, which hurt like hell. She was a mess by the time she reached the sorority house.

All the pledges gathered back in the main room in their various states of slutty undress. Alyssa, the pledge director, addressed the group. “One last event for today, pledges. Each of you will be escorted to a new location off-campus, where you will have assignments to fulfill. Some of you are hanging on by a thread right now, so you’d better do as you are told and get some good results. Away you go!”

Lily was taken to a car and shoved into the back seat. Erika and another sister named Abbie drove her for a short distance, reaching a wooded area just beyond the edge of campus. As they got out of the car, Abbie opened the trunk and retrieved a small suitcase. They walked along a popular hiking trail for about a hundred yards and stopped at a clearing. After a little searching, they found a tree that was about thirty feet beyond the clearing, and they ordered Lily to stand with her back up against the tree and put her wrists together in front of her.

Lily was immediately apprehensive, partially because she was now outside the safety of the campus. However, she thought to herself, she had come this far, and she was getting closer to making it into the sorority. She extended her arms, and Abbie brought out a length of rope and tied her wrists together. Erika then pulled out another length of rope and tied one end to the knot between Lily’s wrists. The other end, she tossed over a thick branch that was about nine feet high. Abbie then ordered Lily to raise her arms as high over her head as she could. Once she had done that, Abbie pulled her rope tight and tied it off on another, lower, branch on the back of the tree.

Lily was now stretched up against the tree with her arms pulled tight above her. Erika and Abbie then surveyed their captive, and Erika smiled and said, “Pledge, you look a little over-dressed for an afternoon in the forest. Let us relieve you of some of these clothes.”

Lily quietly panicked at the thought of being stripped in public in a forest with no way to cover up. But she tried to keep a brave face as best she could. Erika removed Lily’s flip-flops, which she deposited into the small suitcase they had brought. Then she unbuttoned and unzipped Lily’s jeans and slowly, teasingly slid them down her legs and off entirely, depositing them in the suitcase also. Abbie then pulled her tube top down off her tits, down her torso and legs, and off as well. She couldn’t resist giving Lily a vicious little tickle to her ribs as she did so.

Lily was now naked except for her thong panties. Erika snickered, “Pledge, how do you feel now, unburdened from all those clothes? Pretty good, huh?”

Lily was red faced and getting goosebumps. “I’m, uh, okay, I guess. You aren’t going to leave me here like this, are you?”

“Oh, no, not at all. We’re not done stripping you yet!” With another snicker, Abbie put her thumbs under the thong strings on both of Lily’s hips and inched the thong down, down, down her legs and off. Now she was completely naked and ready to cry from embarrassment.

Erika offered, “Hey, Willy, you’ve got some serious stripes on that butt! Way to go, girlie!” She then reached into the suitcase and produced a piece of display cardboard stapled to a wood stake. Erika showed the front of the sign to Lily; it said:

HI, I’M WILLY. I’M AN EXHIBITIONIST. I GET OFF ON SHOWING MY NAKED BODY TO STRANGERS. I PRETEND TO BE EMBARRASSED, BUT I’M REALLY EXCITED. PLEASE TAKE A SELFIE WITH ME AND SEND IT VIA TEXT TO 211-687 WITH THE LABEL “WILLY”. I’M TRYING TO GET 50 PHOTOS TODAY! THANK YOU!

Lily’s heart sank. There was no escaping this. Erika pushed the sign into the ground directly in front of Lily and facing away from Lily, toward the clearing.

Erika and Abbie surveyed the scene. Lily was starting to sweat, from the warmth of the forest, from the embarrassment of being naked with no means of covering up, and from the shame of inviting strangers to take her picture. What Abbie did next didn’t help at all; she produced a length of black fabric, placed it over Lily’s eyes, and tied it behind her head, obscuring her sight completely.

Erika explained, “Okay, pledge, here’s what this game is all about. You will be here in this position, tied to this tree, blindfolded, for the next ninety minutes. You are far enough away from the hiking path that most people wandering nearby will not notice you. UNLESS, of course, you invite them over. Why would you do that? Because you are competing with your fellow pledges to see who will get the most – and who will get the least – photos sent it. Understand?”

Lily could only nod resignedly and say, “Yes, sisters, I understand. I will try my best.”

But Abbie was not quite done. “Willy, those tits are flat as pancakes with your arms up like that. You can’t be proud of that, can you? You need some attractors. Tell you what, I’ll help you out by getting those nipples bigger and harder.” With that, Lily felt Abbie approach and – using her spit for lubricant – start to rub and twist both of her nipples until they were sticking out hard. “There, that’s better, now, isn’t it?”

“Yes, sister, thank you. OUCH!!” Abbie had just clamped down on her left nipple with a clothespin. Then another clothespin on her right nipple. “OWW!! What is that?!”

“Those are spring clothespins, sweetie, and they look so cool on your nipples! Those will keep your nips big and hard for all your visitors.”

“OWW! You’re not going to leave them there, are you?!”

“Yeah, that’s the plan! You’ll get used to them in no time. Okay, we’re out of here. Smile pretty for the cameras! And remember, ninety minutes.” Lily heard Erika and Abbie pick up the suitcase – with all of her clothes inside – and walk back toward the nearby clearing. She was somewhat confident that they were going to stick around to make sure she was treated safely while tied up, but that didn’t make her situation any less miserable.

So, Lily waited it out, and the clothespins on her nipples started to hurt like hell. It was well over ten minutes before she heard the sounds of someone over in the clearing, and Lily was determined to get their attention. “Hello! Hi, there! Over here, please!”

She heard the voices of two guys – younger guys as best she could tell from their voices. “Stuart, look at that, a naked girl with a blindfold on, and she wants to have selfies taken! Let’s do it, man!” The two boys took turns posing with Lily, and by the third or fourth pose, their hands had begun wandering over her body – initially groping her tits and her butt, then eventually exploring her clit and vagina. Lily had already determined that she would not deliberately engage in conversation with any of her visitors, and these two guys were definitely not interested in conversation. After a dozen or so photos, they were ready to get back to the hiking trail.

Lily reminded them, “Please don’t forget to post those photos, like it says on the sign.”

“Okay, tiny tits, don’t worry, we got you.” And they were off.

Lily relaxed again, but she couldn’t ignore the piercing pain in her nipples. She recalled Abbie’s instructions, and she didn’t really say that Lily had to keep the clothespins on. She tried shaking her shoulders to see if she could dislodge them, but no luck. Hmm.

Some time later, she heard more voices over in the clearing. Sounded like guys and girls. She shouted, “Hi, over here! Naked girl over here! Selfie opportunity!”

As they approached, Lily guessed that it was two couples – two guys and two girls – and they sounded like students. One of the girls said, “Well, look at this! She actually wants to be humiliated by being photographed! Weird, huh?”

One of the guys said, “Hey, wait a minute! You know, I saw this chick here on campus the other day, and she was going around asking guys to grade her tits. She has a serious exhibitionist gig, I guess.”

The other girl said, “Well, okay, as long as she’s asking for it. Let’s get some pics done!” They did several poses with Lily, but no groping from the boys, who must have been with their girlfriends.

Lily decided to speak up. “Thanks, guys, for the selfies. Don’t forget to post them, like it says on the sign. But before you leave, could I ask you to please unclip these clothespins from my nipples? They hurt like hell, and I’ve had them on for almost a half hour.”

One of the girls obliged, and Lily quickly discovered how much pain comes with the blood flowing back into her nipples. “Ahhh! Oww!” This was worse than wearing the clothespins! But as the four students retreated back to the hiking trail, the nipple pain eased a bit, so she was thankful she had asked.

In the next hour, Lily had only a few more visitors. There was a larger group that sounded like a
Boy Scout – or, OMG a Cub Scout – troop, so she decided not to attract their attention. She also noticed a person walking on the trail who sounded like they had a walkie-talkie, and Lily was afraid they might be security, so she kept quiet.

But she did have a few visitors who were less than polite and gave her spread and naked body a lot of gropes and rude caresses before leaving her alone. There was not an inch of her body that had not had many hands exploring it, and it wasn’t only males. There were a couple of females who got off on heavy petting her. Lily had never felt so helplessly humiliated.

Eventually, she heard Erika and Abbie approach, and Abbie removed her blindfold. “Time’s up, pledge. So. We’ve been keeping track of your selfies, as well as the other pledges’ selfies, to see who won and who lost the Tied-Up-In-The-Forest game. I hate to break it to you, but you have come in dead last in this little contest.”

Lily’s body drooped, and her eyes teared up a bit. All of that incredible embarrassment with total strangers, and she still finished in last place!

“I’ll bet you want to know what you ‘win’ for last place, huh? Well, here it is, and it ain’t pretty. You are going to remain where you are, tied to the tree and fully exposed, until after dark, when you will be released. Then Abbie and I will drive you back to the entrance to campus and deposit you there, still naked. From there, you are going to do the ultimate walk of shame, back to your dorm room – stark naked, with your hands tied behind your back, and barefoot.”

Lily’s mind went into total denial mode. “No. No. That’s not. . . I can’t. . .”

Erika and Abbie just ignored her, as they placed the blindfold back over her eyes. “Here’s the good news: you are no longer required to recruit viewers over to your tree. But if anyone does happen to notice you, just stick to the script as you have been, and pose for the selfies. It should be dark in about an hour or so.”

Luckily for Lily, no one noticed her from the clearing for the next hour, and Erika and Abbie showed up to release her at last. It was a relief to move her arms – they had become very stiff from being stretched over her head for several hours. She was led over to a car and put in the back seat, still naked, while Erika and Abbie got in the front and started out. She thought she’d try again to negotiate with Erika and Abbie. “Listen, sisters, I understand that there are rules, and I certainly acknowledge that I lost the game. But there must be an alternative penance. I can’t walk the length of campus totally naked, even if it is after dark. I just can’t. What else can I do that would satisfy the sorority?”

“Oh, stop whining, Willy. This will be over before you know it.” Erika and Abbie glanced at each other and chuckled.

Lily was having no luck with her pleading. It was just a few minutes’ drive to the campus entrance, where the car came to a stop and Lily was ordered to get out. “Okay, Willy, this is where your walk of shame begins. Aren’t you glad that you don’t have to do it blindfolded?!”

Lily was practically vibrating, and she honestly didn’t know how she was going to make it through her last-place “prize”. She was kind of frozen, waiting to wake up from this nightmare. But Erika’s voice snapped her out of it. “Pledge, put your wrists together behind your back.” Lily obeyed, and Abbie tied her wrists together with cotton rope. “Now squeeze your elbows together until they touch.”

Lily tried to do this, but she couldn’t quite get her elbows to touch. Abbie looped another rope between her two elbows, securing them behind her back as well. The result was that Lily’s breasts were thrust forward somewhat obscenely, and her hands were unable to hide any of her nudity.

The final insult came next. Abbie ordered Lily to place her feet shoulder-width apart, which she did. Then Abbie took some sewing thread and made an anklet out of it on each of Lily’s ankle. She then tied a separate single thread between the two anklets.

Abbie explained, “Okay, pledge, here’s how this works. You have a length of sewing thread connecting your two ankles. If you stride your ankles too far apart, the thread will break pretty easily. And you don’t want your thread to break, because if it does, we will see it when we inspect you as you arrive at your dorm entrance. A broken thread means that you will need to repeat your walk of shame all over again. So – no long strides, and definitely no running. Get it?”

Lily could not believe how Erika and Abbie could keep piling on her misery. They were genuinely enjoying this. “Yes, sister. I understand.”

“Then get going. See you in the morning.” Erika swatted Lily’s butt, and she and Abbie got back in their car and drove off.

Lily had to take a moment to quietly erupt before she set off for her dorm, which was on the opposite end of campus from where she was now. The fastest way to get there was down the main campus street and across the quad – the most populous areas of campus. And it was Saturday night, so student parties would just be starting up. Of course. But she decided to take the fastest route anyway, just to get this over with.

She took one big breath and started off. She walked slowly, not wanting to test the length of the thread between her ankles. This was the fiendish part of the ankle-thread: the thread was not visible to the casual onlooker, so it appeared that Lily was just taking a slow, casual walk across the campus – even though she was naked as a jailbird.

It took Lily about half an hour to walk to her dorm, and she was red-faced and goose-bumped the entire time. Lots of catcalls and rude comments the entire trip.

“Love those tits, sweetie!”

“Come over here, and I’ll warm up that cute fanny of yours!”

“I don’t know about you, but I’m thinking blowjob!”

Every time she was tempted to speed up, she remembered the penalty for breaking the thread and decided she definitely did NOT want to make this walk again. So she slowed down and took the embarrassing abuse.

When Lily finally arrived at her dorm, she was met by Erika, who checked to make sure her ankle threads were intact. She then released her ankles, wrists, and elbows. Lily then slinked back to her dorm room, where her roommate – looking a little confused – let her back in to get dressed and fall into bed.


