Excuse Me Miss, Are These Your Knickers?
by Ashley
Copyright© 2023 by Ashley

It’s half past five on a Friday afternoon and I’m walking along a fairly busy street in town. Fifty yards or so ahead is a woman with a nice figure wearing a green flowing satiny skirt. I can see her arse jiggling under the skirt and I’m really enjoying the view and getting a bit aroused.

I speed up a little so as to get closer and she pauses to get her phone out of her bag. When she continues walking, something drops onto the ground: something pink. As I get closer I see that it’s a small scrap of material and I pick it up - it’s a pair of knickers!

For reasons I can’t really explain, although it’s probably something to do with being a horny sixteen-year-old boy, I lift them to my nose and inhale deeply. I have no experience of what girl’s underwear might be expected to smell like, but the odour seems to have an immediate effect on some animal part of my brain and I feel myself getting harder. I’d seen enough porn to know that girls get wet down there when they’re sexually excited and I figure that’s what I was smelling and I absolutely love it.

I follow her, wondering what to do, and also wondering if she’s taken them off and is now naked under that slinky skirt that she’s wearing. Occasionally it clings to her buttocks making me think that she has.

It would be just too cringingly embarrassing for both of us for me to stop her and tell her that she’s dropped them and it doesn’t feel right to keep them. Although I can easily envisage myself having a wank while sniffing them!

In the end, I decide to try to slip them back into her bag without her noticing. I speed up again to catch her up and then reach out. I’m not sure if she moves unexpectedly or if I’m just clumsy, but my hand catches on her bag. She spins around, sees my hand, and at that point time seems to pretty much stops.

The first thing I notice is how beautiful she is. I guess she’s about twenty-five, maybe a little older, but her face reminds me a bit of a young Charlize Theron, but it would have to be Charlize Theron in a really bad mood though because she looks furious.

“What the fuck do you think you’re doing?” she demands, her face red with outraged anger. I know that it looks very bad and my face probably reflects my guilt at being caught. People are staring at us as they walk past.

“I’m terribly sorry,” I splutter. “I was just trying--”

“Those are mine,” she cries out when she sees the panties in my hand.

“I ... I ... I... “ I can’t seem to put a sentence together and now she thinks I’ve stolen them from her bag. She snatches them back and looks at them and then gives me a look like I’m some sort of child rapist or worse.

“What are you doing with them? Are you some kind of sick pervert?” she asks icily. My face burns hot and, inexplicably, I start to cry and I stare down at my feet in overwhelming embarrassment. Now that it’s far too late, I finally regain the power of speech.

“You dropped them,” I tell her. “I was just trying to put them back. I didn’t want to upset you knowing that you’d dropped them. I’m sorry. I’m so, so sorry. I didn’t mean ... Oh God.” At the end of all that I risk a peek at her and her expression has softened and a small smile has appeared on her lips.

“That’s very sweet of you. I’m sorry I shouted at you.” she says softly and touches me on the upper arm as if to console me. I feel like a complete idiot crying in the street and passersby are giving me funny looks and a couple have stopped to gawk.

“That’s a cute accent you’ve got there. Are you Australian?” She’s being quite nice now and my tears start to dry up.

“No, I’m British,” I tell her. “English actually, from Guildford.” I add, not really knowing why.

“I stayed over at a ... friend’s last night,” she explains. “they’re not the ones I was wearing.” I think it’s adorable that she feels the need to explain this to me. “I’m not naked under this skirt if that’s what you think.” That was exactly what I thought and it must show on my face. “You did think that didn’t you?” I nod helplessly.

“Oh my God, you sniffed my panties and thought that my pussy is all wet didn’t you?” I can’t deny any of that and I look down at my feet again in shame. I say the only thing that comes into my head.

“They smell beautiful.” I whisper.

“What?” she asks: either she couldn’t hear me or she can’t quite believe what she did hear.

“Your panties, they smell beautiful.” I repeat. I stand there staring at the ground for what seems like an age and she says nothing. Eventually, I raise my head and my eyes upwards until I can see her face. It’s bright red but she is smiling!

“How old are you young man?”

“Sixteen.”

“And may I inquire as to the name of this sixteen-year-old boy who now knows what my pussy smells like and seems to like it so much?”

“Oliver.”

“So Oliver, you were walking along behind me, with my panties in your hot little hand, sniffing them, looking at my ass, wondering if my pussy was naked under my skirt. Is that about right?” she asked me, but she’s still smiling kind of fondly at me. My face burns, I wipe the remaining tears away from my eyes and I nod.

“And you were wondering if it was wet were you?” All of her talk about her pussy and making me think about it has gotten me very hard and she seems to keep glancing down at my groin.

“Yes.” I confess.

“Well, I wasn’t,” she tells me, and maybe she sees my face drop because she giggles. She leans forward and says much more quietly: “but I am now.” She laughs properly when she sees my face light up.

“Well hi Oliver, I’m Gabrielle.” she says and reaches out her hand. I take it and we clasp hands. “How about I let you buy me a coffee.” she adds and leads me along the road by my hand. Her soft, warm hand in mine feels lovely and suddenly I feel incredibly proud to be walking along hand in hand with this gorgeous woman.

She takes me round the corner to a cafe and then looks around the large room until she spots what she’s looking for: a booth in the far corner.

We sit down and a waitress takes her order. I’m not really into coffee and her order sounds more like about six items so, rather than risk further embarrassment, I say I’ll have the same.

“So, how come you’re in the States Oliver?” she asks as we wait for our drinks.

“We moved for my Dad’s job,” I explain. “he’s some sort of banker.”

“Oh right. How long have you been here?”

“About four months.”

She’s just asking me about where I’m at school and girlfriends and stuff like that when our drinks arrive. They are huge and covered with froth and little bits of something. I take a sip and it’s actually quite nice.

“So Oliver, are you a virgin?” she asks, just as I’m taking another mouthful. I narrowly avoid spaying the coffee all over the table by the simple expedient of keeping my mouth shut. Unfortunately, that had the side effect of blasting it up my nose instead.

I choke and cough and splutter and then clean myself up with a handkerchief from my pocket.

“What?” I croak eventually.

“Have you ever had sex ... with another person that is?” Oh God, now she’s implying that I’m a wanker as well as a virgin. I know my face is the colour of beetroot again and I look at her incredulously. She’s smiling sweetly at me and I shake my head.

“God you’re so cute.” she says and leans towards me and kisses me softly on the cheek.

“I’ll be back in a second.” she says and heads off to the toilet. When she comes back she sits down and then holds a closed fist out to me. I put my hand out and she drops a warm but damp scrap of black cloth into it.

I look questioningly at her and we both look down at her groin, then up again, and we both grin. I raise her fresh panties to my nose and the perfume of her sex is almost overwhelming. That, and the knowledge that only seconds ago this cloth was snuggled up on her pussy, has got me fully erect again.

Then she takes my hand and moves it up her skirt between her legs. My heart lurches as I realise where she’s taking it. I look around but nobody is paying us any attention. My hand grazes the incredibly soft skin of her inner thighs and then my fingers make contact with her pussy. From porn, I know roughly what I’m feeling but it’s so much softer, warmer, and wetter than I could ever have imagined.

I look at her face as my fingers gently explore her treasures, and her eyes are closed and her mouth is slightly open and smiling. She covers my hand with her own and presses one of my fingers up inside her pussy. She is so wet I can feel it running down my hand.

After a few minutes I’m heartbroken when she pulls my hand out but then she lifts it up to my mouth and, with no hesitation, I lick my fingers. Now it’s my turn to close my eyes as I savour the sublime taste of her juices.

When I open them she is looking at me intently and then she slowly and deliberately picks up her spoon and drops it on the floor.

“Oops. Clumsy me,” she says with a naughty grin. “get that for me would you.” I’m pretty sure I know what she wants me to do and I practically jump off the bench and onto the floor. She scoots along to the wall with her bottom on the edge of the bench and opens her legs wide, and I get my first-ever look at a real-life pussy; instantly I’m in love.

I shuffle forwards until my face is inches from her lovely pussy and she places her hands on either side of my face and urges me forwards. I lick and kiss frantically at whatever she guides my face to. It’s all so velvety and soft and wet and, most of all, delicious.

Her arse is wriggling and she’s thrusting at my face so I really think that she likes what I’m doing. Then her legs clamp around my head and I feel her muscles clenching over and over and there’s a sudden flood of her juices into my mouth which I adore and drink down greedily.

When I appear from under the table, my face all wet but with a huge grin on it, holding the spoon aloft triumphantly she laughs loud enough for people to look around at us and then she kisses me hard on the lips.

I sit back on the bench and she puts her arm around me and whispers in my ear: “Thank you, that was a lovely cum young Oliver, now it’s your turn.” My heart hammers as I guess that maybe she’s going to get under the table and give me a blow job but, instead, she stands up.

“Follow me in two minutes.” she says with another wicked smile. I actually count to 120 to be sure that I don’t fuck up and then I follow her. It turns out that the loos are unisex and Gabrielle is peeking out of the door of one of the stalls. I go over and she pulls me inside.

I’m trembling like a leaf because I’m pretty sure we’re going to fuck, and I’m so excited I’m worried I might cum in my pants. She kneels in front of me and pulls down my trousers and my briefs. I have a moment of panic when I think that maybe she’ll laugh at my penis and walk away, but instead, she makes an appreciative humming noise in her throat and licks all around the tip.

My legs do a funny wobbly dance as the incredible sensations overwhelm me and she giggles and looks up at me.

“You’re close aren’t you baby?” she asks softly, and mercifully kindly. I nod. “It’s OK. Don’t worry, let it happen.” she says and engulfs my cock with her lovely warm mouth and wanks me with one hand while ticking my balls with the other.

My hands flap around uselessly until finally, they settle on her head, stroking her hair in intense gratitude for the incredible pleasure she’s giving me.

It’s all way too much for me and I’m honestly a bit surprised when my head doesn’t explode as I have the most stupendous orgasm ever. She sucks and licks and squeezes me as if every last drop is precious to her and I collapse onto the loo because my legs simply aren’t working anymore.

If she’d walked out of the loo at that moment I would have still been the happiest boy in the whole town but she keeps kissing and stroking my dick until it comes back to life in a remarkably short time.

“This is why I love boys.” she says happily to herself as I get hard again.

I watch in joyful amazement as she stands up, pulls her skirt up under her arms and leans with her hands against the door. The arse that I’d so admired under her skirt is there in all its wonderful naked glory. I reach out with trembling hands and stroke it lovingly.

She wriggles it appreciatively and I get an overwhelming desire to kiss those soft silky cheeks. They feel even better to my lips than my hands and I kiss and lick them all over.

She arches her back and moves her legs apart and her pussy and little pink asshole appear before my disbelieving eyes. Her pussy is gaping open and inside she is pink and glistening and lovely. She groans as I thrust my tongue into that inviting hole and she pushes back hard against me.

I’m as happy as a dog with two dicks as she rides my face. She moves up and down so that my tongue laps all the way from the top of her slit to her asshole and she’s humming joyfully. All of a sudden she reaches back and puts a hand behind my head.

“Yes!” she hisses. “Right there. Suck. Oh God yes. Harder. Yes!” Her whole body starts quivering under my hands and tongue, and I’m overawed and a little jealous by how incredible her orgasm seems to be. She pulls my head away as if it’s too much and she trembles and shakes for what seems like ages.

Finally, she turns around and kisses me, kisses my whole face, lapping up her own juices from it.

“Time to lose that cherry now Oliver.” she purrs as she steps astride me. I gasp as she takes hold of my cock and rubs it along her slit, teasing me by just letting the tip dip inside. She perches there and I can feel her pussy squeezing my glans as she undoes her blouse and pushes her bra up over her breasts.

Her tits are amazing: not huge but perfect, with rock-hard nipples standing out begging to be sucked. She feeds one into my mouth and I suck on it, adoring the crinkly rubberiness of it and the way it makes her moan softly as I squeeze it between my lips.

Slowly she lowers herself onto my erection until she is fully impaled and then pauses. The heat of her pussy and the unbelievably gorgeous feel of her muscles rippling along my length make me gasp around her breast. Then she begins to work her hips back and forth, fucking herself on my cock and I attack her breasts desperately with my lips and tongue and grab her lovely arse in both hands.

“Bite them!” she begs, and I oblige, gently taking her nipples between my teeth and nipping at them.

I move a hand between her legs, trying to find her pussy and instead, I find her asshole. I’m kind of waiting for her to tell me off and I’m amazed when she pushes herself onto my finger.

“Yes!” she hisses, and it slips just inside her anus. “Yes! Please!” she begs, and I thrust my finger up inside as far as it will go. Suddenly she’s holding me so tight that it actually hurts, and her pussy and her arse are crushing my penis and finger in huge spasms that wrack her whole body.

I cum inside her in huge, overwhelming pulses, and I bite down again and again on her nipples as she trembles and her quivering pussy milks the cum from my cock.

Afterwards, as we sit there clutched together still faintly trembling, someone tries the door.

“Sorry,” Gabrielle calls out with remarkable calmness. “I’ll be a few minutes. Try another stall.”

We giggle silently like naughty children and then clean ourselves up as best we can with the toilet paper. Gabrielle takes my face in her hands and kisses me softly but passionately.

“Give it a few minutes before you come out.” she says, and then opens the door a crack, peers out and then leaves.

I sit there for a while, grinning so hard that my cheeks begin to hurt, and then I leave too. Gabrielle is sitting primly in the booth looking like butter wouldn’t melt.

As I sit down she looks at her watch. “Shit,” she says under her breath. “I’ve got to go.”

“Can I see you again?” I ask her. She looks at me fondly and cups my chin with her hand. She leans forward and kisses me.

“You’re very, very sweet but I’m a happily married woman.” she says.

I look at her somewhat dubiously.

“I said I was happy, not that I was necessarily all that faithful. I’ll never forget you though.” She gives my cock a little squeeze through my trousers before she stands up.

“Just never lose that accent,” she advises. “it’s an absolute pussy magnet.”

I certainly never forget either her or her advice.
