Edward's point of view, Bella dominant:

~~o0o~~

We hadn't hunted for over a week, since we left the States, and it was time, the thirst building up again insistently. I'd talked to Kurt about where he hunted and he'd given me directions and drawn a sketch map. The Bavarian forest was huge, running from Germany through into Czechoslovakia, and there were isolated areas well away from the hiking trails. It was a fair drive but we could go fast on the autobahn, and I arranged to rent a powerful Mercedes Benz SUV for the outing. I got one with tinted windows just in case, but in fact the day was perfect - overcast, with rain likely later on, no sun to expose us. Music would be good, as we drove. I wondered for a moment about something locally appropriate but frankly, accordion-laden beer tavern tunes were the last thing either of us enjoyed. I made up an interesting playlist of not too heavy alt rock instead - Bella would enjoy that.

She guessed what I'd briefly considered.

"Tell me you're not planning to subject us to endless Bavarian drinking songs Edward."

I was a little smug. "No, just some nice light rock for a change."

I knew "Drive" by Incubus was one of her favourites. She sang along, enjoying herself.

We sped northeast along the autobahn, the forest ahead. I knew we would be excited after feeding, and it often led to other hungers, when we hunted alone. After the incredible sex last night, I was keenly anticipating today's excursion. "Open arms and open eyes" indeed.

~~o0o~~

I locked the SUV and threw the keys under a bush. I'd quietly brought a change of clothes for each of us in the back of the car, just in case things got…heated. And Bella could get carried away feeding sometimes, and get her clothes in a mess, so better to be prepared. For a while we just ran and played, racing through the trees. It was wonderful to be so free again and able to move naturally, not having to pass as human.

Deer were the only prey we could find in that part of the forest. I'd been hoping for a bear but none seemed to be in the vicinity. Never mind, deer would do. I killed and fed quickly, then watched Bella drain her second animal, absorbed in slaking her thirst, snarling softly. So fierce, my lovely huntress, oblivious to the blood running down her chin. I let her finish and saw reason return to her eyes as she stood, breathing quickly.

I flashed to her side then kissed her neck, aroused by the hunt. "Better?"

"A little. Pity we didn't find any carnivores for you around here."

"I have my own personal carnivore right where I want her." I couldn't resist. "Do you know you have blood dripping down your chin?"

"Damn."

She lifted her arm to wipe it off but I stopped her. No, let me. It was so erotic.

I wiped the blood off on my finger and licked her clean. Then I painted her lips blood-red. Her mouth opened and her breathing quickened. She looked like a fallen angel, a corrupt Snow White. I slid my finger slowly into her mouth and she sucked it sensually. My eyes closed for a moment and my cock stiffened, remembering her on her knees before me last night, the feel of her mouth on me. Bella. I kissed her hard, tasting the blood, the venom, thrusting my tongue into her mouth, hot for her. Then kissing and biting her throat, fumbling urgently with her shirt until it hung open, sliding her bra straps down and cradling her lovely breasts, taking them into my mouth. Her breasts, God I loved her breasts. I felt her stroking my groin, swollen now, and I ached for her, leaning into her hand.

She lifted me up then from devouring her breasts, half-blind with lust. I thought she wanted to kiss but she was holding me away now - what?

"No my love, not yet, not here. Remember, today it's my turn."

No! No I needed her so much, I had to have her now. Turn? What? Oh, she meant the games we'd been playing. She was to be my Mistress today. Yes be my Mistress, take me here, in the forest, take me now.

I leaned forward, whispering, hot. "Please Mistress, let me pleasure you." I knelt before her, embracing her legs, pressing my face into her sex, rubbing my nose there, the scent heavy and intoxicating. I growled and took the denim in my teeth, careful not to rip it (they were her favourite jeans).

She knelt down with me (Yes!) and held my head, amused, affectionate. No, I wanted arousal, not affection. I wanted desire.

"I want you to be longing for me by tonight Edward. I want you to be ready."

I was ready, so ready. Surely she could see how I longed for her. I reached for her again, but still she held me at bay.

"Mistress Bella says not yet. You have to wait until we get home tonight."

No, I could not wait, frustration filled me. Let her feel me on her, she would melt, she would let me love her. I pulled her to the forest floor under me, pinning her. She had liked it well enough yesterday.

"I'm not sure I want to play this game any more. I think I want to be masterful again."

I kissed her deeply, plumbing her mouth. Oh the softness, the feel of her under me. She was responding, yes she was mine. Then in an instant she had rolled us and was riding me, holding my hands to the ground alongside my head. Yes Mistress, take me. I strained towards her, wanting to kiss her again, but she just held me there.

"No means no, love. You'll just have to hold that thought."

No, she really meant it! But I could not stop, aroused by her on top of me. I moved against her seductively, letting her feel how much I wanted her, being my most sexy, my most irresistible. How could she say no to me?

But she did. And I could not force her, no matter how crazy with desire I was. Not that, never that.

"Later, pretty boy, later."

Shit.

~~o0o~~

I was a monster for the next hour or so until I mastered myself. I attacked more deer on the way back to the car, taking my feelings out on them and eyeing Bella as I snarled over the kills. Then I played loud rock music in the car (hoping the Jet track would let her know quite how disappointed I was). She ignored my petulance, and eventually as the ache in my groin faded I came back to my senses, feeling ashamed.

I apologised for my ridiculous temper tantrum and tried to make up with her, but in fact she didn't seem upset. We talked about the coming evening - another session at the jazz club with Kurt's band and I couldn't get out of it, even though all I wanted was to get her to the hotel and ravage her. Or let her ravage me, whatever this night held in store. I began to wonder about that. She must have some very definite plans, to have held me off so determinedly. A different kind of excitement shivered through me.

Bella spoke: "One detail about tonight, so you're not disappointed. I couldn't get a blue leather suit, sorry. You'll have to make do with black."

Bella in boots, in black leather. Mistress Bella. My mouth was dry. "I'll manage."

"But I've got a blue one on order at the shop. They'll FedEx it home for us."

A whimper escaped me as I relived the fantasy. Blue leather, zips, her breasts emerging. Oh fuck. My poor confused cock stiffened again.

~~o0o~~

I did what I could to calm down and get through the night, letting a cold shower sluice over me while Bella soaked in the suite's other bathroom. I tried not to think about her breasts peeping out of the foaming bubbles. Ah Jesus no, I was hard again. Cold showers were supposed to work for humans, but this was worse than useless, nothing felt cold to me. I got dressed, preparing myself for a trying evening.

The music saved me, to some degree. I was acutely aware of Bella in the front row, an invisible cord joining us, filling my playing with intensity. The band responded, the audience as well. Damn, even more delays as we were begged for several encores. Kurt saw right through me as though he was the mind reader. I guess it was pretty obvious, as I hustled Bella out, finally free.

I kissed her in the taxi, inside the suite. At last, at last, holding her and tasting her. But of course she had planned our night, and now she took charge.

My breathing quickened as she told me to take off my clothes and wait for her. She would dress me herself.

"Dress me?"

In what? Hopefully not some latex spanking suit with the ass cut out of it, I didn't want to look absurd. No matter, I would do anything to please her, anything.

"Yes, And from now on it's Mistress Bella."

"Yes Mistress." This time I meant it, not like this morning in the forest when I was humoring her. I would surrender to her tonight. Why did I want this so much?

I stripped quickly, hanging up my clothes, then waited with my eyes closed as she had instructed. As I stood, naked and vulnerable, I gave myself over into her hands.

~~o0o~~

"Open your eyes."

She was a vision from fetish heaven. Impossibly tall boots lengthened her legs, the black leather shining, chains hanging, straps and buckles encasing her hips. The tight black jacket was open a little to let me see her pale throat and breasts, more chains draped on her chest, accentuating her curves. The whip, exciting in her gloved hands. A long red and black cloak hung off her shoulders. The Vampire Queen. My Queen. My Mistress. I had stopped breathing, stunned.

She came to me and I gazed at her in love and fear as she ran the whip down my chest to my groin. It was scarily erotic and I was immediately aroused. She looped the whip around my neck and drew me into the dressing room after her, helpless, her creature. The clothing was puzzling - gold lycra shorts? Was I a lifeguard or something? But then she produced gold high heels and a gold and green silk Chinese robe. I felt odd in the feminine outfit and the heels were a little challenging, but I soon got the hang of them. The robe was sensual, touching me silkily, swirling as I moved. Thank goodness she had chosen lycra not something confining. Why did she want me to cross-dress? This was a side of her I had never seen.

She took me to the mirror and I stared at the strange, fey creature there. I was elegant in the heels which accentuated the muscles in my pale legs. The silk robe slid around me, opening to expose glimpses of my swollen groin in the thin shorts. I twisted a little, experimenting. It came to me that I looked like an exotic drag queen. How had she known I would like this? For I realised I did. Part of me was worried, but I reassured myself that this was just a game, and I had to trust her.

She spoke. "What's your name?"

"Edward?" I realised I was no longer quite sure who I was.

"Call me Mistress."

"Mistress."

"No, for tonight, your name is Pretty Boy."

"Yes Mistress." Yes, I was her pretty boy. I liked the name, taking it on, becoming it.

"Walk up and down for me Pretty Boy. I want to see you move."

I was careful at first, then more confident, and I even sashayed a little as I came back to stand before her.

Did she like what she saw? "Do I please you Mistress?"

"Very much."

She used the whip again, pulling me down to kiss me, my cock responding. I seemed to be forever aroused today, never satisfied. I knew that this was deliberate and felt a hot rush at the thought of the pleasure in store. It would be intense when she finally let me come.

But she wanted to do more to me now, making me sit on the bed, bringing make-up, colouring my eyelids, outlining my eyes, painting my mouth. She put the earrings I had given her in Hong Kong onto my ears. I felt decorative, her creation.

"Oh, Pretty Boy." Her voice was soft. "Come and see yourself."

Back at the mirror. The make-up and jewelry made me even more exotic.

"Do you like it?"

I turned my head, admiring the rich glint of the earrings. Pretty Boy indeed. I had a sudden impulse to sing the song from West Side Story but restrained myself. Probably just momentary hysteria but I felt somehow free, elated.

"I…yes, I think…I look like a concubine. Do you like it Mistress?"

"God yes. You're my concubine, Pretty Boy, aren't you?"

"Yes Mistress, yours forever."

~~o0o~~

My Mistress smiled. I was to have a reward.

"Would you like to take off my cloak and jacket?"

Yes oh yes, I could barely restrain myself, unhooking the cloak, laying it aside. Now the jacket, so exciting. I unzipped it and Oh Christ, a red lace corset. Instantly hard again, the shorts bulging. I slid the jacket off, exposing her lovely shoulders. Her breasts were high, raised up for me. I ran my hands over her, not caring that she had not given me permission. I had to touch her. She was not affronted though, teasing me, letting me touch her. Then she ran her hand down me to hold and squeeze my cock through the thin lycra. I made incoherent noises, rubbing myself against her, begging.

But no release. What now? She wanted me to dance for her? Perhaps a striptease, as I had made her do for me. It was only fair I supposed, but I had little to take off, and part of me did not want to undress, part of me liked wearing the clothes, the shoes, the jewelry.

"No, not a strip. Seduce me, you're my love slave."

Her love slave, yes, that was exactly what I was. She pressed the iPod control and "Love Junkie" started playing. A great dance track, and I wanted to dance for her, to seduce her. I closed my eyes and the music filled me, the beat entering me and making me move. As I danced, the robe caressed me, and I was more aware of my body than ever before, on fire with sensuality. I let the music take me, thrusting and writhing to the funky beat, suggestive and sinuous, the heels somehow adding to the dance, accentuating my movements. Gradually I approached her, hips gyrating, flirting, truly irresistible this time, drawing her in to dance with me, tantalising her, barely touching as we swayed together, dark and golden, weaving and sliding. So sensual, so hot. I pulled her against me, more insistent now, grinding and pressing her to me. The music faded but I would not release her until she made me stop. I was breathless, trembling. Please Mistress, please.

At last - she lay back on the bed and told me to take off her boots. I slid them off, then took her foot and kissed it, sucking on her toes. She loved that, and I could smell how aroused she was. Soon, I would be inside her soon.

And yes, she let me take her pants off, her beautiful cunt open to me now as I did as she instructed and put the boots back on. God she was hot in just the high heeled boots and corset, the dark triangle of her sex exposed, enticing me.

Still she teased me, my cruel Mistress. "Shall I let you pleasure me, Pretty Boy? Have you earned that?"

"Please Mistress, oh please…"

And she lay back and gave herself to me. I was filled with joy as I parted her thighs and knelt between them, kissing her there, drinking in her musk, opening her, worshipping her with my lips, my tongue, making her writhe and arch beneath me. I was melting with heat and pleasure myself but it was not my time yet, this was for her. I slid my tongue into her, swirled it across her. She was so wet, so lovely, and she was coming in my mouth, crying out in abandon. Yes my love, my Mistress, come for me.

I helped her up and we clung together, embracing. I was filled with tenderness, completely hers.

She held me at arms length, gazing at me. "You like what I'm wearing Pretty Boy?"

I eyed the red lace, her nipples visibly swollen through the sheer fabric. "Oh yes Mistress…very much. As you can see." Erection seemed to be my permanent state.

"Yes, we'll have to do something about that…but first…"

Oh dear God, she was undoing the corset laces, and her breasts were in my hands and in my mouth. I was whimpering, crazy with the feel of them, the taste. What was it with me and her breasts? Was it some link to my mother, long gone but so loved, so missed? Even the name - Pretty Boy - triggered an ancient memory of someone else whispering those words to me, someone with green eyes who held me close and warm. I realised then that it didn't matter - Bella was mother, lover and mistress to me now. I pressed her lovely breasts together and buried my face in them, lost and found all at once.

She stood with me now, making me kick off my shoes and lie back, telling me I must not move. Ah, she was a torturer. Crawling towards me in those exciting boots, her breasts free from the corset. It would be soon now, how could I not move?

And her lips were on me through the lycra, making me writhe in pleasure and despair. I wanted the barrier gone, her mouth on me fully. I whimpered, desperate. She growled and sheared away the thin gold fabric with her teeth, freeing me. I think I screamed and ripped the bedcover. Christ, that was hot. Terrifying, but hot. She touched me then, stroking my balls and my cock. It was exquisite and I shuddered with the effort not to thrust into her hand. So hard not to move.

Now she was above me, across me, kneeling in the boots, taking me and sliding down onto me at last, and the feel of her so wet and hot around me blew my control away. I thrust up into her, triumphant. Home at last!

"No my love, my Pretty Boy, quietly, no moving remember, just lie there and let me fuck you."

"Mistress, I can't…I want…I need…"

I could not bear it, the pleasure was too intense as she rode me, her cunt sliding up and down, caressing me until I was insane with the need to thrust into her. Then - oh God - she pinned my hands in hers, my arms outstretched, and I was spread-eagled on the bed, helpless under her. My mind fell away and I was just a swollen, exquisitely sensitive cock burning inside her as she fucked me, driving me to a level of ecstasy I had never known before. It was too much, I was crying something out, pleasure blasting through me and into her as I screamed and rode the waves, on and on until I was gradually aware of us both again, and came slowly back to myself.

Not to the same self though, I would never be the same.

~~o0o~~

Costume discarded, she held me in her arms afterwards. I was a new-made thing, her creation, and I lay in her lap as she cared for me, cradled and warm, Pretty Boy and Edward both, all parts of me fused into a whole now in the crucible of her love.

Now that I was whole, I could see how much pain and loss I had been denying and repressing until she came into my life, how desperately alone I had been for so long, despite Carlisle and Esme's care. I was still aware of that time, those feelings, but the pain had burned away and I was at peace.

I drew her face down and kissed her. "Thank you."

My Bella held me. I was safe and I was loved.

~~o0o~~