The Dancer
by Lady Lucia*

PART ELEVEN

That was new.

The last time I was on the stage, my skirt had been on. Now I was in a thong, however, and Heathers single dollar bill that she tucked in the waistband of my underwear while we were upstairs was an easy visual that others could do so as well. Once one guy took the initiative, plenty of others followed suit.

I was a proper stripper, strutting my stuff for money. For a moment, I thought that bills being slipped into my thong would be better than my bra. At best, my cleavage had been brushed with each new hand. At worst, there had been a number of accidental touches and squeezes during the process of situating the dollar. Id much rather people touch my hips and thighs than my boobs, so I figured this might be a good change of pace. However, the thong presented an ordeal I hadnt been prepared for, pretty quickly crushing my hopes for a silver lining amidst my greater exposure to dozens of college students. Unlike my bra, my underwear didnt give me the opportunity to see everyones approach. Those in front of me, sure. Even while swinging my hips and moving to the music, I could keep an eye on my most private area and make sure no one roamed too far south when adding another bill to the growing collection.

My backside was a different story.

I figured out pretty quickly that I wasnt always going to be prepared for someone new to walk up. While one person was pushing a dollar into my already stuffed bra cups, I found myself totally caught off guard when I was touched from behind. Slightly jumping as a feminine hand pulled at the waistband of my thong, I froze for a second in fear of losing my underwear entirely. Instead, she merely put a bill into place and allowed the fabric to snap back into place. To make matters worse, whatever girl it was ended things by giving one of my mostly bare cheeks a sharp slap.

Squeaking more in surprise than pain, I could only pray that no one heard the meek sound over the loud music. Autumn was quick to grab the microphone and remind me to keep dancing, as my previously fluid movements had temporarily grinded to a halt. Forcing a confident smirk back on my face despite how degraded I felt, I began working my body to the beat like everything was fine. Though I had managed to keep up the no touching rule during the lap dances earlier, that concept was destroyed with one little spank. Now, every time someone walked up to pay me from behind, I had to deal with an exploratory squeeze and/or a slap to go along with the bill that was added to my thong.

Every time, I let it happen. I just kept dancing and wishing that there was a clock nearby so I could more efficiently count down to the end of this violating turn of events. Eventually, my chest got a little more action as well, as a few guys were emboldened by what was happening on my helpless rear. None of them went so far as to fully grope me, though I had already dealt with that a few times already. Instead, their hands lingered in my bra cups, fingers exploring my bare skin for way too long before leaving their cash behind. And, instead of slapping them away and verbally berating them, I simply met their eyes with a flirty smirk and acted like I was enjoying it.

A proper stripper, indeed. Thanks to Autumn, and then Heather. And, of course, to my own naivety and total lack of a backbone.

Thankfully, my former classmates were content to watch me get loaded up with bills, and there was never a directive to start with the lap dances again. A small mercy, though I had long since forgotten what was coming.

Alright, its time to see who gets the midnight kiss! Autumn announced.

The DJ turned the music back down to a more normal volume, and I looked at her in shock as I finally came back to reality. Even with all the wandering hands, I had still managed to disassociate the inappropriate touches by losing myself in the music and the role I was playing. Without the pounding music to assist with that, however, I began thinking about just how exposed I was. Especially on my backside, with only a strip of fabric between my otherwise bare cheeks. Out of pure reflex, I raised my arms to cover myself, to the instant displeasure of the crowd.

Arms down, Bella! Autumn snapped. Instead of the bubbly blonde personality she had when I first arrived, this was a lot more harsh and demanding. A little more slurred, too, after a good amount of New Years Eve partying.

I could feel everyones eyes fixated on me, which made it almost impossible to re-expose my more private areas. But- I began, trying to find my voice. As usual, there were SO many cameras, though its not like they were going to capture anything new at this point. Well, that wasnt necessarily true, if this midnight kiss was happening. Technically, Autumn did mention it over the phone, but she had totally played it off as a joke at the time.

Or would you prefer to go home in what youre wearing right now?

There was a bit of laughter and jeering throughout the room at that comment, and I immediately felt my face heat up at the thought of driving home in just my underwear. As much as I didnt want to obey, I reluctantly lowered my arms and let everyone see me again. It was a miracle that my bra and thong were still intact. At this point, I could feel the fabric starting to give, especially down below.



PART TWELVE

Luckily, I had worn more practical undergarments, as this was supposed to be a dance gig and nothing more. Still, I was nervous about the waistband tearing and could only imagine how loose underwear would make a bad situation worse. With how much I had already suffered through wandering hands, something told me that any number of the drunk and horny guys present would react in a less than pleasant way to something like that.

Better, Autumn said.

A wave of murmurs in the crowd was painfully telling. They were picking up on the fact that I was stuck doing whatever Autumn told me to do, rather than simply being the stripper I was hired to be. It was a bit of a revelation for me as well, now that I was on the spot in front of so many former peers of mine. I wanted so badly to leave right then and there, but I didnt know where any of my things were. No keys to drive myself home, no phone to call a friend to pick me up. With Heather involved, I was also in way too deep to flee for a second time, even if I had the means.

Autumn walked over to me with a cheap plastic New Years hat full of folded up slips of paper, holding it up so I could reach it from the table without too much trouble. Now, whoever you pick gets a kiss at midnight. Lets see who the lucky girl is, she said. In a much quieter tone, she added, And if its not an amazing kiss, youre not getting your clothes back.

It was such a simple threat, and this was the second time she had used it in a matter of seconds. As repetitive as it was, however, it was still perfectly effective. My house was miles away, and it was cold outside; did Autumn even know about the other reason I needed to stay? I could only hope that the original deal was still in placeI was only supposed to be the partys stripper until midnight. Just one awkward girl kiss to round out the mortifying night, and then I could be done.

I reached into the hat and pulled out a slip of paper. Umm . . . I recognized the name immediately. Every time it seemed like the night couldnt get any worse, something else proved that it very much could. My face flushed even more than before, as I was already flustered from having to stand half naked for the whole room without the pounding music to distract me.

Autumn took the slip from my hand. Upon seeing the name, she smirked. Zoey! she called out, to a few gasps from the crowd.

Autumns younger sister leaped up from one of the sofas, her lips pursed in a small smile that was reminiscent of the older blondes expression who just called her name. The girl was literally still in high school; I knew so, because Zoey was on the dance team as well. She was a junior when I was a senior, which meant she was halfway through her last year there. While Autumn had the obnoxious hot girl look, Zoeys features were more cute in comparison.

She might have had a more innocent appearance from the neck up, but her crop top and tight jean shorts were evidence that she didnt mind flaunting her body at a crowded party. I also vaguely knew Zoey from practice, and she certainly wasnt shy. You SO picked me on purpose, Zoey said. She stepped up onto the table next to me, to the cheers of everyone else. Once she was on my level, I was surprised to see that we were almost exactly the same size. Like, not just in height.

Please. I didnt even know you entered the raffle, sis! You are eighteen, right?

As of a month ago, Zoey grinned. She tossed her hair back, then looked right into my eyes, Although if I knew Bella was into girls, I would have made my move sooner.

You dont even like girls! Autumn exclaimed, Its just a phase.

Tell that to the girl I fucked last week.

It dawned on me way too late that they were just playing the crowd, instead of actually bickering as sisters. Every reply caused some kind of amused reaction, especially from those that actually knew Zoey. She was a total flirt, and been openly bisexual for years. Obviously, Autumn would know that, and was just echoing the clich adult phrase for such things.

Do you want to fuck Bella? Autumn asked.

Stop stalling, sis! Zoey replied. I could tell by the look on her face that she wasnt deflecting. If anything, she was just getting impatient. The need to be the center of attention certainly ran in their family. Start the music.

Ill take that as a yes. Walking over to the guy who had been DJing all night, Autumn placed a hand on his shoulder and whispered something in his ear.

A few seconds later, that same fucking remix of I Kissed A girl started playing.

It was one thing when I was giving a lap dance to Autumn, but the song was much more fitting for what I was about to do with her younger sister. Any hopes of getting my blush to go away were dashed when I looked into Zoeys eyes and fully realized that I was about to make out with her in front of everyone. Turning beet red, I totally froze.

She didnt seem as bothered. Come on, Bells. Starting to sway her hips, she took my hand and tried to get me back to the effortless dancing that we both knew I was capable of doing. Its just one song. Look. She nodded her head towards the TV across the room.

11:57.

Just three more minutes, and this would all be over.

Taking a deep breath, I pushed a smirk on my own face and began moving to the music.



