Camping with a Full Moon
bywinecountryannie©

Many of my exhibitionist experiences are well planned... but some of the most exciting are totally spontaneous. When an enticing situation presents itself, jump in! And... that's what happened last week while my hubby, Anthony, and I were camping in the Sierras of California.

Ant and I are outdoors-persons... we've both enjoyed backpacking and tent camping... before we met and avidly together. Recently we purchased a classic woody teardrop trailer... and we're loving it! So... last week we took our trailer to the Lake Tahoe area for a few days to get in some hiking and kayaking.

Our campsite was perfect for us... on the outskirts of the whole campground with no one behind us. Since we can't stand up in our teardrop trailer, we need to get dressed and undressed outside... so a bit of privacy is helpful. But... I also like to be close enough to neighbors to use our small trailer as an excuse to be naked getting in and out of my clothes several times each day.

Our neighbors on the left were recently retired and very friendly... especially when I was walking around our campsite topfree after a strenuous day of hiking. Shari waved with a smile, while Andrew tried to act nonchalant. Since our campsites were only about 20 yards apart, I wanted to introduce our future nudity in a subtle way. Being topfree at first usually initiates some additional conversations.

Since it was still nice and warm, I put on one of my hubby's tank tops and stripped down to nothing else underneath. This is one of my favorite outfits when I need to present at least a small amount of modesty. Plus... Ant loves it when I'm in just one of his shirts!

While we were prepping for dinner, our new neighbors on the right side arrived and set up their tent and campsite. Two women... both about the same age... younger than us at probably late 20s or early 30s. They were speaking a language neither of us recognized... but it had an Eastern European sound to it. They appeared to be having a great time... lots of chatting and laughter as they unpacked stuff and set up camp.

Ant enjoys cooking at home and while camping. That evening he baked an amazing peach crumble in our cast iron Dutch oven. There was going to be plenty, so we decided to take some to our neighbors before we finished cooking our dinner. Yes... I'm usually scheming about how to be casual as an avid exhibitionist. Now... Ant's tank top just barely covers my ass and the large armholes plentiful side-boob views. Perfect!

I put some warm crumble in foil and we walked it over to Andrew and Shari as he tended their fire and she prepped for their dinner. They greeted us warmly... and Andrew offered us a place near the fire to keep warm... with a smile and glance at my outfit. We introduced ourselves and I gave the crumble to Shari. After my hands were free, I turned my back to the fire and pulled up the back of my shirt to warm my bare ass... just briefly, but this broke the ice immediately. In addition to seeing my bare ass, Andrew had a perfect side-boob view. I glanced his way and smiled... he smiled back at me and Shari started to laugh.

"Gotcha, smart guy," she said to Andrew.

We all laughed. I said, "Not a problem for me... look all you want." I turned toward him and flashed him with my fully shaved yoni... visible to Andrew and Shari.

Shari howled in approval. "Damn... so much fun! This is gonna be a really great camping trip!"

We chatted a couple minutes more, and then we exited to visit our new neighbors. When we got there with another package of crumble, the women at the other side of our campsite were already eating. They greeted us with big smiles, making it a point to eye my outfit... and lack thereof. We introduced ourselves briefly and found that they spoke very good English.

Lulu and Kari were from Croatia, so we immediately chatted with them about our vacation in Croatia just a couple years ago.

"We love your outfit," said Lulu with a smile and additional glance. "As you know, you'd fit in well on many beaches in Croatia."

"Ah, yes. We know perfectly well, my dears," I replied. I lifted my shirt under my boobs and turned around to give a full view.

Kari said, "Oh, not so many Americans are smooth like you... and ready to be naked. Bravo!"

"You're probably right... but my husband is equally smooth!"

Kari and Lulu both turned their attentions to Ant. Lulu said, "Oooo, we'd love to see a totally smooth American couple."

Ant was instantly embarrassed and turned bright red. He replied, "Perhaps another time... when we can enjoy some Croatian smoothness too."

We all laughed with wide-eyed expressions. Kari said, "Be careful... you'll be outnumbered!"

We chatted a few minutes more, getting better acquainted and enjoying our common experiences of various beaches in Croatia. Then, Ant and I said good-night and walked back to our campsite. Halfway back, I pulled my one piece of clothing off and handed it to Ant, walking back to our trailer with nothing on... so fun! Since it was getting cooler, I went to our trailer and fetched my comfy sweats... crawling into the trailer headfirst to give our new friends a full-moon view. When I turned around with my sweats on, Lulu and Kari were watching... and smiling.

Late at night in our little trailer, I woke up with the sensation that I had a spotlight shining in my eyes. When I looked around, I realized trailer was mostly dark, but the moon was shining straight through the skylight... and it was really bright. I pulled up the window shade on my side of the trailer to look out. Wow!

I woke up my sleeping hubby with a little shake and a whispered invitation, "Hey, Ant... let's go walk in the moonlight... it's amazing!"

As he was clearing the sleep from his brain, I was already crawling out of my door and stepping into my sandals. I whispered back to him, "Grab your sandals... nothing else!"

I walked out into the small meadow just behind our trailer, extended my arms, and began to turn to see the trees and camp details brilliantly lit by just moonlight. Ant joined me soon, and we embraced happily in a naked moonlit dance. It was so sexy. Soon we were both fully turned on, and our dance turned to be increasingly erotic. His hardness felt so wonderful, slipping through my moist yoni lips. Mmmmm!

As we moved to our own rhythm in the bright moonlight, I whispered in Ant's ear again, "I want you in the moonlight, big guy! But first... I want to have some more fun. Let's go visit Lulu and Kari."

He chuckled quietly, and said, "Oh, Annie... you are so bad! And... so good! Are you sure it's okay? I'll still be visibly aroused."

I squeezed his hardness between my legs, and replied, "They'll love the moonlight... and the view of you, my dear."

We disengaged, and I led my beautifully naked and hard husband over to our neighbors' tent. "Lulu... Kari... it's Annie. Come and look at the moonlight," I said in a whisper I felt was loud enough but not too loud.

Pretty soon, we heard movement in their tent, and a reply, "Oh, okay. Just a second."

I said, "And... don't turn on a flashlight... there's lots of light with just the moon."

The zipper of their tent door opened, and Lulu's head poked out. She looked around briefly with a smile, and said in a surprised and pretty loud whisper, "Oh, sweetness! And... you both look so lovely in the moonlight." Turning her head into the tent, she said, "Kari... come! We have two naked visitors!"

Lulu crawled out of their tent in an oversized t-shirt... and a moment later she was followed by Kari in a tank top and shorts. I said in a soft voice, "Find some sandals, and take off your clothes. Let's dance together in the meadow."

Ant and I turned and walked back toward the meadow. We could hear muffled sounds behind us and were pretty sure they would be along soon. When we got to the meadow, Ant put his arms around me again... and I put one hand on his cute little butt and wrapped my other hand around his half-mast erection. The response was predictably immediate along with Ant's low moan of approval.

Moving slowly and enjoying the sensuality of the moment, we watched Kari and Lulu as they approached. They were holding hands and looking around at the beauty of the moonlight just as Ant and I had at first.

We already knew Kari and Lulu were very attractive... younger than us. They were about the same height... taller than me yet a bit shorter than Ant. Kari wore her light brown hair quite short while Lulu had blonde hair that fell about midway between her collar bones and her perky nipples. Kari was almost on the skinny side with probably B-cup breasts... Lulu, on the other hand, had a muscular but full figure with lovely D-cup breasts that swayed and bounced gently as she walked.

I gave Ant's sweet erection another squeeze, and whispered, "You can stay behind me for a bit if you'd be embarrassed."

"Hey, I'm game if you are!" was his quiet reply... with a playful pat on my ass.

I turned to greet our new friends with my arms outstretched and a quick twirl. I reached out to Lulu with one hand and back to Ant with the other. He stepped up and took Kari's hand to make a small circle in the bright moonlight.

Kari and Lulu both had their eyes on Ant's enthusiastic hardness, and then looked up at me. Kari said with a little giggle, "Oh, my darlings... I hope we're not interrupting anything."

"I enjoy seeing him hard as a rock... and I thought you might enjoy the view too. He's a bit of an exhibitionist, like me!" I said in a hushed tone. "Let's not disturb our other neighbors... let's just dance in silence with just the moonlight on our bodies."

We moved rhythmically in a circle, holding hands for a bit... and then closed the circle gradually to be shoulder-to-shoulder and hip-to-hip, swaying together... then back to arms' length. We followed this pattern for several cycles, getting comfortable with each other and enjoying the sensuality of the cool air, the bright moonlight, the muffled sounds of our feet in the grass of the meadow and the touch of each other's skin briefly.

After a few minutes, I stepped into the circle as we were just starting to move in closer... raising my arms over my head to dance alone in my own erotic expression. Ant knew what I was leading into as we've shared some erotic dances with friends before in some similar ways. He led Kari's and Lulu's hands with his own in gentle caresses of my body... first touching my extended arms, then down to my shoulders and back... my breasts and stomach... my swaying ass and my legs.

Lulu and Kari joined in slowly and very gently at first, and then let their hands glide across my skin with total comfort and grace. Mmmmm... what a joy! Six hands caressing me all over. I felt Ant take Kari's hand gently and place it on my lower tummy and then push down. She followed his lead as she let her gentle touch move between my legs and along my moist yoni. He did the same with Lulu... and she also became comfortable exploring me fully. Oooooo... I was so turned on!

After about a minute of heavenly caresses, I was ready to share the experience... the cool air was beginning to be too chilly. I slowly lowered my arms and turned to Kari... taking her hands in mine, I slowly raised her arms above her head, and whispered to her, "Is this okay?" She replied with a nod and smile... so the three of us started to caress her all over. A few moments later, Lulu took my hand and led it to Kari's lower tummy and smooth mound... and I followed her lovely slit between her legs to find her also to be deliciously wet. She then took Ant's hand and placed it on her mound... he just moved his fingers facing down to the top of her slit and held them there... we could all feel her pivot her pelvis to create more pressure... and then she gave deep long sigh as she moved very slightly against his firm touch.

It was Lulu's turn, but I could tell we were all getting chilled in the night air, so I whispered to Ant, "Could you get one of our big blankets out of the trailer... we need to warm up a bit." As he went to the trailer, Lulu took Kari's place as the two of us started caressing her. A moment later, Ant laid the end of the blanket over my shoulder and circled us with the warmth of the fleece, taking his place next to me so he could hold both ends of the blanket. We immediately felt much warmer as we circled Lulu with caresses. We spent a little extra time with her since we were relieved to be warmer. Kari obviously wanted Ant to touch Lulu like he'd done with her, so she took his hand and placed it exactly where it had been on her... and pressed him against her. Lulu responded pelvic tilt of her own... and soon a low moan and a very quiet, "Nice!"

As Lulu lowered her arms, she said softly, "Okay, Ant... your turn... and our turn." I took the blanket from Ant as Lulu and Kari created what they later called an "Ant sandwich." Kari pressed her boobs into his back and her hips into his butt, gripping his hips and pulling him tightly against her. Lulu approached from the front, pushing her large breasts against his chest. She reached down and cupped his balls with one hand and gently took his erection in the other hand, slowly rubbing the very sensitive lower part of the head on the soft skin of her lower tummy.

I watched my lovely man as Lulu and Kari pressed themselves together, until I could tell from Ant's breathing and body movements that he was so totally turned on that he was nearing his point-of-no-return. I was also turned on by the movements and the sights and the sounds and the subtle smell of our shared erotic state.

I said softly, "Okay, ladies... I think he's ready for me." Lulu and Kari stepped back, and Ant lowered his hands... what an amazing sight his glistening full erection was in the moonlight. I handed the blanket to Kari and Lulu, and said, "We'd love it if you'd watch!"

I led Ant out of the meadow to our picnic table in our campsite. I'd notice earlier in the day that it appeared to be just the right height to sit on or lay on for my yoni to match Ant's crotch. Now was the time to check it out for real.

I kicked off my sandals and sat on the end of the table. Opening my legs wide, I drew him deep into me... yes, it was perfect! Kari and Lulu came over with the blanket around them for warmth, standing next to us. The full moon was directly overhead, so the lighting for our joining was almost like daylight.

Ant and I are so fortunate in our pleasuring preferences being almost perfectly in harmony. And... we discovered our first time together that our parts fit beautifully. We both enjoy long moments with little to no motion... just his erection plunged to the hilt into my wet yoni. When we're like this, his pubic bone presses on my clit. Then... as I tilt my pelvis gently, the rubbing raises my excitement gradually if I want... or quickly if that's my desire.

As I was grinding my clit slowly into him, I glanced over at our other neighbor's trailer. One reason I'd wanted to come back to our picnic table was that it was clearly visible to them. I know that's really evil of me, but it is what it is. There were no lights on, but I thought I briefly saw some movement in one of the windows. That... and the amazing sensation in my yoni... pushed me over into a superbly powerful orgasm. I held onto Ant as my body convulsed with pleasure.

His rhythm was powerful and faster now, pushing deeply and feeling my yoni gripping his hardness. I leaned back on the table and raised my legs higher. Ant knows my pleasure points so well. He lifted my legs with each hand, so his erection was nearing my most pleasurable spot. And then... when I tilted my pelvis just a bit more, he was there. I lost control in an all-consuming orgasm for what seemed like a long time... but was probably only a few seconds. I felt Ant surging into me, and then the warm and satisfying filling of my yoni.

As we slowed our shared rhythm, Kari and Lulu came up and threw the blanket around all of us again. They were clearly excited also. I asked them, "Are you guys okay? I hope we didn't go too far with you here."

Kari breathlessly replied, "That was amazing... and now I think we need to go back to our tent to take care of each other." Lulu added, "I almost had an orgasm with you, Annie. So beautiful!"

They loosened the blanket and looked again at our bodies still joined together. Ant told them to take the blanket for warmth... that we're really close to our trailer. They clasped the blanket around them and said their brief good nights... and they walked quickly toward their tent, giggling slightly.

I sat up to embrace my wonderful stud husband. Ahhhhh... how lucky to have one another. As we embraced, I glanced over at Shari and Andrew's trailer. This time I definitely saw some movement as the shades parted wider. I smiled and gave them a little wave. Then... since we were feeling the chill of the night air and as the adrenaline high subsided, we hurried to our trailer to warm each other.

The next morning, we slept in until almost 8:30am. It's a luxury we seldom give ourselves while camping, because we usually enjoy a full day of hiking and exploring. But... it was good!

Shari and Andrew were finishing their breakfast and were starting to take down their camp. Ant fixed us both a hot cup of coffee and went off to the restroom. I took a few minutes to clean up the table from all the excitement during the night. Shari came over with her coffee, and we sat together.

She said, "Thank you."

"Oh... whatever do you mean?" I asked with a sly smile and a wink.

"You two were so inspiring last night... Andy and I had the best sex we've had in years!"

We laughed so hard together that Andrew looked over and blushed bright red, knowing full well what his wife was confiding.

Just then... Lulu and Kari arrived with their coffee mugs as well. I greeted them each with a big hug, and we all sat together. In another minute, Ant returned and got a hug from both Lulu and Kari. Shari signaled to Andrew to come over, so we started a fire in our firepit and chatted about the amazing full moon... and other things.
