Jessica's Stories
Jessica's early experience getting stripped in public 

Hi Eddie,
 I am interested in this subject because I myself have been stripped on several occasions in my life. In my teenage years I was stripped naked by some hispanics merely because I was white and in the wrong place at the wrong time as I walked home .The girls in thier group kept my clothes for themselves and one of the boys taunted me waving my panties at me.This happened not once but 2 times after that.I had to walk past their "area" on my way home and they recognized me and surrouded me and stripped me like in the "suburbia" vid.They tore my clothes off so fast I couldnt do anything to stop it.
 The third time they caught me on the side street and cornered me ,I just decided to strip before any of them got too close and took off my clothes and tossed them at thier feet and they let me pass by.
 They never bothered me after that ,guess it wasn't fun for them anymore.
 Then my family moved away from the area.
But that wasn't the last time I was stripped though.
 Jessica
 Hey Jessica, You don't say much about how you felt. Was it embarrassing and exciting at the same time? Or was it only when you took charge and stripped yourself that you felt "turned on"? -Eddie
Hi Eddie,
 Well the first time I was very scared because I didn't know what they were going to do to me.I was afraid they would hurt me.I was also embarrassed to be stripped outside in the alley .I remember feeling a bit mad that the girls kept my clothes for themselves .They were all laughing .It wasnt till they let me go and I was far enough away that I realized I was running home naked.That was a turn on for me.
 The second time I was not as scared but almost amazed at how fast they stripped me,I had on a light dress and a string pantie and the dress was ripped into sheds and they ripped my panties in half leaving me only in my sandals to run home .Again they all laughed at me.
 I did feel a bit sexually charged.
The last time I was not afraid but maybe pissed off because I was losing some of my favorite pieces of clothing to them .I felt sexually charged as I stripped myself for them .A girl gathered my clothes up (for herself I immagine) and off down the street naked again I ran. They didn't seem to be laughing very much that time.
I never told my parents about this ,I was also suprised I was never caught coming in naked by anyone at home , though I was seen in the street by a few motorists <I tried to run through back yards home.

I think a lot of US women would love to expierience the russuan club.
I have been out of country and felt very comfortable being topless with only a tiny bottom on at the beach and did go completely naked a few times too.
 I did like the vid you posted.
I had my panties and bikini bottoms pulled down or completely off  by my brother and his "retarded friends" as I used to call them , when they would come over to mess around in the small pool we had. It was all in fun and I did like the attention they would give to me.
Gotta run now,Jessica

Jessica's links and games 

Hi Eddie ,
Liked the pics and vids . I think a strip club like you mentioned would be fun . I love bottomless too . I never wear bottoms to bed anymore because whenever I would wake up I would always find that I took my panties off in my sleep. That  did make for some awkward situations at times whenever I would stay over at someones house .
 Sometimes I would purposly find ways to end up bottomless .
 My side tie bikini bottoms were great for that .
I am always so turned on if I would totally loose my bottoms and have nothing to wear.
 Such a thrill to be stranded somewhere bottomless .
 On several occasions my husband and I would go for a drive and he would snip off my shorts with scissors and toss the pieces out the window as I drove the car.He would then tease me by slowly snipping little pieces of my panties off and tossing them out till I was eventually bottomless .The way the game went was I had to drive away from home and could only turn back after I was completely bottomless.
Body paint is also very fun too , I would have my husband paint a bikini on me and we would go outside,though I still felt naked it looked like I was clothed with the paint daringly walking out by the street , inevitably he would spray me with the hose and my paint bikini would start to disappear. 
 I love stripping games ,one of my favorites was strip banzia ,a campfire game, where you would bet your clothes and if you lost you would have to toss them into the fire.
 Strip wrestling is also exciting too.

Jessica's paper dress 

Eddie, 
I loved the dare thing,My hubby thought this one up,he had dared me to wear only a dress made of paper towels and scotch tape and go to the mail box and get the mail. The sinister part of his plan was that it was lightly drizzling.
well, I got to the box but saw that the perforations in the towels were starting to open up from the dampness.
 I didn't get much further than 1/4 of the way back to the house before the paper dress was soaked andI was loosing sheets.Half way home it prety much totally fell apart.He stood at the door and clapped as I made my naked dash back in the house.That was a thrill!
By the way,I havn't been to Mardigras but I would love to go one of these days. There is also the burning man festival that I would like to go to too.
Take care,
Jessica 
Jessica's ultimate fantasies 

Hi Eddie,
 
You know my best/worst fantasy is like the vid I sent you with the girl that got stripped at the concert.
 It would be so exciting to be standing there one minute then I would be involuntarily picked up overhead and be passed around crowdsurfing.I've seen that girl crowd surfers are always getting groped and stripped.I would try to keep my clothes on but the many hands would soon have my clothes torn off and lost forever in the crowd of people.Eventually I would be set down but far from my friends. Just imagine being stranded naked among thousands of people wondering how do I get out of there and will I be able to get out without being groped and molested .Hmmm...
 Another fantasy would be to do a para-sail adventure.I would be ready to go ,water ski's on waiting in the water for the boat to go and wearing my string bikini.
As the rope starts to get tight I am pulled along I can feel the water starting to pull my bottoms down.I am unable to do anything but hang on to the bar as I feel my bottoms slipping farther down.The tremendous force of the water would take my bottoms from me .I am pulled skyward as my bottoms sink to the bottom of the lake.I would totally be at the mercy of the boat pilot wondering how long he will keep me up in the air bottomless ,will he take me past the people gathered on the shore ?And will he drop me off in a crowded location?

 I have lost my bikini bottoms in real life a few times and it is such a rush for me.When you only have a tiny bikini top on,there is a real sense of "Oh my god!" LOL
 
 Jessica 

Jessica's Sauna Plan 

Hi Eddie

 I did think of something I am going to do tonight though.
 I am going to my hubby's friends house to have a sauna treatment tonight.
Last week when I went it was the first time for me. Its a small room with dry heat 140 degrees. There is only enough room for 2 and I went in with his friend since neither my hubby or his friends wife is interested in doing a sauna.
I wore my bikini and in 10 minutes I was soaked with sweat .
Now for the fun part.
 I have a small white spandex bottom (hot pants) and sport bra top that I use for exercise.They are old and the fabric is thin .I will wear them tonight with no panties underneath.
 I know that this outfit turns very transparent when it gets soaking wet because I jumped in the pool this summer with it on to cool off after doing a little gardening and I could see right through it.
 I think that will be exciting ,knowing that my outfit will slowly become see thru and how long before its noticed and how much of me is showing when we stand up to exit the sauna.
 Can't wait !
Jessica 

Jessica's Sauna Report 
	
Well I guess you want to know of my evening ?
Well I went into the sauna with my hubby's friend again wearing my exercise outfit.
 We had with us 2 cups and a pitcher of water.
We sat and talked .I was starting to sweat and I was determined not to look at myself .After a bit I would catch his eyes drift down every now and then,I knew something was showing but still fought the urge to look.When the time was up I was soaking wet with sweat and I stood up first and faced him in the small space while he was still seated and grabbed the pitcher and cups with my belly just inches from his face.
 He reached around me and opened the door for me and I went out first.Thats when I looked down at myself and wow! You could see everything! Iset down the pitcher and cups and took my towel and nonchelontly wrapped it around my shoulders and dried my hair thanking him for the use of the sauna pretending that I didn't notice that my clothes were see thru giving him a last look at my transparent bottoms.
He smiled and said "Anytime!"
 Ha Ha ,I'm sure .
I wrapped the towel around me and went into the bathroom to freshen up and change.
 My hubby was chatting with his wife in the living room when I came back.
We left to go home and boy was I hot!

Jessica 

Jessica's suggestion for Ally 

Hi Eddie
  
   There is something about scissors that gets my blood pumping too.
That seems to be something I enjoy the most when it comes to being stripped. Having my clothes totally destroyed.
  This Ally girl seems to need coaching and you are right there to support ,Ha Ha
 Maybe the next step is to ask her to wear her panties to work then slip them off at her desk and toss them in the waste bin.
 That could be exciting for her,she would have to be at her wits to try not to get caught.
I was thinking that it would be fun for the burning man to wear a crop top ,denim mini skirt and panties with work boots and a pair of scissors on a string around my neck and encourage people to take a snip by writing on the shirt "Beer please, give me a sip,you can take a snip".
 I'm sure that the bottoms would be the first to go, just think it would be exciting to end up out in the crowd of people for the remander of the festival wearing only work boots with nothing left but my scissors, maybe someone would take my little furry patch too .OOOH,how exciting!  

  Jessica 

Jessica takes her own advice 	
Hi Eddie
 
 Was thinking of Ally and my suggestion with the panty removal at her desk. I am going to take it one step further and I am wearing my skirt to work today and I have my scissors in my desk, I think that my scissors are going to meet my panties today.
Jessica
Yes, put those scissors at work to good use. Scissors are designed for cutting off clothes. That is their mission in life. Everything else is just practice cutting. Think about that whenever you use scissors. 'This is just practice for cutting clothes off.'

And today's 'undercover' panty-cutting is just practice for panty-cutting in full view of everybody. Everything has a purpose. Exciting. I am expecting a full report. Oh boy.  -Eddie
 Hi Edddie
  I'm sure you cant wait to hear what happened today.
 First off let me give you a little geograpy.
  My office is shared with 3 other male co-workers.
It is a long room and every one is on one side with individual devider walls separating the desks. The other side is common space with file cabinets ,copier ,etc.
  Anyone can see the people at thier desks when they walk down the common space since there are no dividers on the side of the desks also, the front of each desk faces the divider.
  Now on with the details....
  I was wearing a mid thigh gray plad skirt with an orange cotton thong underneath.
 I decided to make a little game of this to make it interesting for myself .
  Here is what I came up with.
I keep my scissors (New ones by the way) in my side desk drawer with paperclips ,pens,etc.
 Now every time I have to go into that drawer for something I have to pay a toll.
Toll being I had to snip off one piece my panties and toss it in the waste basket for each time.
  I was excited with anticipation and very nevous when I first had to go in the drawer.
I opened the drawer and there were my scissors .I was getting a rush ,hiked up the front of my skirt just a little and pinched the front of my panties between my fingers.
It was time to introduce my new scissors to my panties.
I took the scissors in my other hand and positioned them on the panties between me and my fingers.
My skirt was hiding my view and I could not see how much pantie I had between my fingers .
 I was sooo nervous since anyone could walk by at any time and see.
I was bursting with excitement and took the first snip. What a rush that was
 I felt the panties snap back on me and I could feel the cool air where it once was warm.
 I brought up the piece to look at and then realy got a thrill ! 
 I did remember feeling a pull when I had the panties between my fingers but I was so caught up in the moment that It didn't register at the time but looking at the large severed piece of orange cloth I saw that the panties were not the only thing that got cut ,seems that I had taken a very large amount of my fur with it too.
 I was about to burst out with excitement seeing that I had just cut off my fur but composed myself fortunately.
  I was so turned on but went back to work .
I could not believe how many times I went into the drawer on a single day till It cost me something. The front was soon gone and one side was snipped off.I got up to get a fax with what was left of my panties hanging off of one leg .I was afraid I might drop them around my ankle but good thing it was a thong ,it stayed nestled in my butt crack till I got back to my desk .But only for a second because I needed a paperclip for the fax I got and the remaining side of my panties were snipped in half.
 End of the day ,walked outside to my car and felt the coolness underneath my skirt and smiled.
  I hope that you can enjoy my day as much as I had .
I now have a speed bump rather than a landing strip due to todays snipping ,something to remember it by .Ha Ha Ha!
