Miranda And The Boys
by Pablocruz713

Miranda And The Boys Pt. 04

Miranda’s wild pool party continues.

After the events earlier in the day many of the guests at the pool party thought Miranda wasn't going to do anything else. So they ate some food or went swimming and basically just enjoyed themselves like it was an ordinary pool party, but the party wasn't over yet.

Miranda had finished eating and was just sitting and talking to a small group of guys. Every once in a while one of the swimmers would come over and try to convince her to go back into the pool. Eventually she relented and agreed to go swimming. She stood up and removed her robe exposing her nude form to all the men once again. The men in the pool became excited thinking they would be able to play with her body again.

Miranda found the bottoms of her white bikini and put them on, she wanted to keep fingers out of her holes for the time being. The men were a little disappointed that her pussy and asshole were covered but they knew the rest of her body was fair game. She also found a hair bow and put her long hair into a ponytail, thrusting out her breast in the process. She did a cannonball into the deep end of the pool and when she surfaced she was surrounded by a half dozen men treading water. She also noticed some of the guys out of the water were coming back into the pool.

She swam around the pool with the men chasing her. Sometimes they'd get close enough to touch and grope her. Eventually they were able to corner her by the side of the pool, with her trapped on the side of the pool the men had free access to her body. They all took liberties with the uncovered parts of her body and her tits and ass were mercilessly groped. Her tiny bikini bottom provided protection for a short time but eventually fingers found their way under the small bit of fabric covering her pussy. Her butthole remained covered as the rear string was wedged deep into her ass crevice.

With fingers now entering her vagina and hands on her entire body Miranda was in heaven. It wasn't that she didn't want them to touch her, she was just hoping to tease them for awhile longer. But now she was in their clutches and her body was starting to respond to their attack on her body. After a minute or two she felt someone grab for her bikini straps and when she looked down into the water she saw a man underneath her grabbing her bikini. Before she could do anything he pulled her suit down and off her. Now completely naked her butthole was left unprotected and it did not take long before a finger found its way inside her ass.

Before today Miranda had never had a finger in her asshole and now this was the second time today. She found the sensation of someone fingering her ass most pleasurable and wanted the feeling to last but with hands grabbing her tits and ass and several fingers in her pussy she was very close to coming. She tried to relax her body so she could delay her orgasm and it was working. She was lost in the euphoric sensation but she could only delay the orgasm so long and finally her body had enough and she was overcome by the best orgasm of her life. Her body shook and convulsed while the men still played with her, eventually she went limp but somebody held her afloat.

After she finished coming the men carried her motionless body out of the water and laid her down on a lounger still completely nude and wet. She rested for several minutes while the men never stopped watching her nude body. Finally coming to her senses, she sat up and looked around finding herself the center of attention again. Still reeling from her amazing orgasm she was half dazed. She didn't know what to do next as she sat there wet and nude in the middle of all these men.

Finally she walked over to the cupboard and pulled out a towel and wrapped it around her body depriving the men of views of her nude body. Miranda was sexually satisfied for the moment but she wasn't done playing with the guys. As much as the guys enjoyed playing with her body most of them were still aching to get off. Their were still eight men who had not yet come inside of her and they were the ones most in need.

There was murmuring in the crowd of wanting to play another game until someone asked Kyle directly by saying, "What's the next game Kyle?"

"This game is only for those who have not won a game yet," announced Kyle. Kyle explained the next game to the guys. It would consist of one on one video game battles with the winner getting to have sex with Miranda and the loser taking on the next challenger in his choice of game. They chose the first two players with dice again and everybody moved into the house.

While they were choosing who goes first Miranda left to get changed. First she redid her makeup and hair, also adding some perfume. Then she got dressed and lastly she put on her robe that she brought in from the patio. She walked out into the living room where the boys were. They all gawked at the sight of her. Her hair and makeup made her look stunning. She had her robe on and below she had on her black stockings and heels.

"What do you have on underneath the robe," asked one of the guys.

"I'll just give you guys a peek until someone wins me," she responded. She then slowly untied her robe and opened it just enough to show part of her tits with no bra on and the black silk thong below.

"Is that a thong," asked another guy. To which she merely turned around and lifted her robe and showed them her bare ass confirming it was in fact a thong. She then tied the robe and sat down on the couch in between the two competitors. The battle was furious but eventually there was a victor.

"Miranda stand up and show him his prize," ordered Kyle. She obediently stood up in front of the men and dropped her robe off her shoulders presenting her body clad in only a tiny black thong. "Go and take off her panties," Kyle directed Jim the winner. Jim knelt in front of Miranda and slowly peeled off her panties. "Get on all fours Miranda," Kyle again ordered her. Being ordered around turned her on and she felt her pussy start to get wet. She got down on her hands and knees in front of all the men. The humiliation of being in that position turned her on more and she was tingling all over.

"Can we see her ass and pussy from behind," asked someone in the audience.

"Miranda turn your ass toward everybody and spread your butt cheeks for them," sternly barked Kyle. Silently obedient she complied to his order and turned her ass to face toward the men. She put the side of her face on the ground and reached both hands to her ass and spread her cheeks apart. The most intimate parts of her body were vulgarly exposed to sixteen men and she was loving it. Her heart raced as the men stared at her wide open vagina and anus.

"Now you can fuck her," Kyle told Jim.

"Right here?" asked Jim.

"Yes, right here," answered Kyle.

"Do I have to take off all my clothes?" he asked.

"No, but you need to at least pull out your dick," Kyle answered. So Jim unzipped his pants and pulled out his already erect penis. He then got back down on his knees and pulled Miranda so that she was side long with the men. After he shoved his cock into her pussy she let go of her ass to put her hands down to brace herself. He then proceeded to vigorously fuck her from behind while his friends loudly cheered him on.

Miranda turned her head to face her cheering audience to see all the men leering at her while Jim pounded her pussy. The thought of her humiliating situation pushed her over the edge and she started to orgasm while still being fucked by Jim, who's own orgasm quickly followed hers. He filled her pussy with his semen while she was still in the midst of her own orgasm. When he finished he pulled out and slapped her ass very loudly. She just slumped over on her side completely spent.

Jim put his dick away and the next challenger took his place on the couch next to the loser from the previous round. Miranda's nude body was still laying on the floor in front of the men. Eventually she came to her senses and moved out of the way and sat down to watch the match. The loser of the previous game prevailed and Miranda was told to assume her position on her hands and knees. She submissively got back down into the humiliating position. When she got down the winner, Chad, dropped his pants to his ankles and pushed his cock into her face and told her to suck him until he was hard. Once he was erect he went to her ass and thrust his cock into her pussy and started fucking her.

She looked at her audience, who were cheering again, this again caused her to become very aroused but she was not going to come as quickly this time. Very shortly after starting to fuck her Chad came inside her pussy. He pulled out and put his pants back on. When Miranda started to get up Kyle told her to stay in that position so she remained on her hands and knees during the next round of gaming.

After Miranda got fucked some of the guys talked to Kyle about changing the game a little. During this round instead of a one on one contest it was going to be teams of two battling each other. So two teams of two took their seats on the couch and began the game. When it was over the two winners stood up and removed their pants. One of the men approached her head and shoved his cock into her face and she happily took it into her mouth and began sucking it. At the same time the other man went to her ass and penetrated her pussy with his hard cock. This was Miranda's first time having two men at the same time and she was enjoying every second of it.

She was hungrily sucking the man's penis while begin fucked at the same time and the sensation it was giving her was like nothing she had ever felt. She was doing such a good job on the man's cock that he soon came in her mouth and she swallowed every drop then about a minute later the man at the rear exploded into her cunt. As soon as they stopped the next game began and Miranda didn't move from her spot.

She was craving more dicks in her and what was only about five minutes seemed like a long time to her as she stayed on all fours while the last four men played. Finally the game was over and two more men took up positions at each end of her. Cocks were inserted into her mouth and pussy and she again was in ecstasy. Again neither man lasted long and they both came at about the same time. She swallowed a load while having one dumped into her pussy, but she was left wanting more as they finished right as she was getting close to coming.

She didn't have to wait long though as this time there was no game and two more cocks filled her holes only seconds after the others left. She was soon back to being on the verge of coming and it didn't take much longer for her to finally orgasm. Almost as soon as she started to come both men came inside her. The feeling of such an intense orgasm while also being at the receiving end of two orgasms was the best feeling she had ever felt. When the men pulled out of her she completely collapsed on the floor. She was a total mess covered in sweat, semen leaking out of her vagina and drool and semen dripping out of her mouth.

A few minutes later she had recovered enough to sit up and when she did she looked around the room at the men staring at her in awe of the scene they had just witnessed. Many of the men before today were virgins and they were in still kind of shocked to lose their virginity in such an erotic way. Finally she motioned for help up and two guys helped her to her feet. She excused herself to the bedroom where she took a quick shower. She emerged about ten minutes later dressed only in her red lace bra and matching panties. All the guests sensing the party was just about over starting getting ready to leave.

Miranda hugged and kissed each guest as they left with some of the men taking the opportunity to get a few lasts gropes in by grabbing her tits and ass, but she didn't mind and let them touch whatever they wanted before leaving. After all the guests were gone she turned to her original four friends and asked, "Do you guys want to fuck me again before I go to bed?"

Almost in unison they all said, "Hell yeah."

"Well somebody take this underwear off me then," she said. To which Kyle stepped forward and reached around her back to unclasp her bra. He then pulled off the bra exposing her tits once again.

"Can we fuck you like they did, you know two at a time," asked Ricky.

"Of course honey, anything you guys want," answered Miranda. Now Kyle reached down and yanked off her panties leaving her nude again.

"Get in position," commanded Kyle. Miranda got down on her hands and knees again and the guys all got undressed. The boys played "Rock Paper Scissors" to see who would go first. Dan and Kyle won so Kyle stuck his cock in her mouth and Dan entered her from behind. As they started fucking her mouth and pussy those same feelings from before came back and she was again in ecstasy. They lasted longer now that it was their second time today. She was getting close to coming when they finished inside her.

Now Ricky and Justin took positions inside her with Ricky fucking her pussy and Justin getting sucked by her. She was getting very close to coming and finally orgasmed again. She kept sucking Justin and Ricky kept fucking her and a little bit later Ricky filled her pussy with his load then a few seconds later Justin came in her mouth. After swallowing his come she had the guys help her to her feet. She said goodnight and hugged them then went off to bed.
