Entry129 by Slippers, 2003 no reprint without permission
MC, in 

 OK- first things at home are going well, and class is going like you would imagine. BUT I am clearly floating in and out of daydreams on a weekly basis or maybe more, dreams that are so real, I think I might react to them, though I can't be sure.
   After theater rehearsal practice whatever, I went to the director's house, and watched the practice on the Hi-8 palm camera his daughter owns. She's like, the lead if you could say we have one, which we don't really. Anyways, "John" and his daughter "Jane" were sitting on the sofa, I was on the floor in front of the sofa, and Jane was braiding my hair while we talked about who was standing where, and why.
   John was dictating notes, and I had this pad of paper in my lap. About halfway through the evening, which got kinda late, I had written, "too much motion down front", then "Less nervous motion", then "Breathe relaxed". That was the last note. I remember Jane had her purple plastic pick, and was drawing it from my forehead to my crown, and I think she started running it up slowly from my neck to my crown, and I think that's where I went for a great trancy ride.
   I looked up cuz I heard weird noises on the T.V. When I finally got my eyes to focus, I saw the cast members of the show, but they were naked! All 6 of them, nude and glistening with sweat, intently performing various sexual acts, not enjoying them, more like trying to sexually devour each other. God I can still see it. Two men were rubbing their hands all over the legs and arms of one of the women, while they licked, sucked and bit her neck, shoulder, tummy and right thigh. One woman stood, while a man on his knees buried his face between her legs, his hands gripping her butt as she growled and moaned. It was animal, and scary kinda.
   John said from the sofa, "She's not standing right, she should be more open, relaxed. Wendy stand up." I set the pad down and stood, knee cracking from sitting so long in that position. I turned toward John, and stretched, standing with my feet about 2 feet apart, and my arms at my sides. Jane stood beside me, kinda mocking or imitating my stance. I giggled and performed a deep plie', which she then tried, and after some groaning, got it! So I started moving, and kinda like dancing, with John sitting there, and Jane half a move behind me.
   I'm not sure when I started taking my clothes off. I guess I was getting hot from the dancing, or the Gallo Sangria. But I was down to just my bra and Hanes ( OK it was a white satin thong, lined, which I got at a certain mall store that charges 20 dollars for a dime's worth of fabric), but it was like I was at the little dive of a strip bar Ive been sneaking off to. It was like I thought Jen was beside me, and we were doing a lapdance. Well anyways,  I shrugged my arms in front of me and caught my bra by the straps as it slid down and off. I draped it over John's left knee, and sat down on it, kinda wiggling, you know- it was a lapdance after all. I looked to my left and his daughter was sitting on his right knee, completely naked like in the show on the television. She isn't very well endowed up top, but she had her arms above her head, really making use of what God gave her. I kinda watched for a minute, I don't know how long really. John's left hand was on my thigh, and his right roaming the midriff of his college age daughter. He spoke, way too clearly and strong to have been real, now that I think about it.
   "Take it." And I suddenly thought, What if he was meaning his daughter? What if he was asking her to do well,  ok, what if he was asking her to do what I should probably have been doing, IF it had been a real private dance, how could I let her do that? So I reached for his genitals.
   I woke, with my arm outstretched, reaching for air. They had both fallen asleep on the couch, the tape was rewound, so I got up, grabbed my burlap carry bag, and drove home. Getting ready for bed, I realized, my bra was gone, or else I didn't wear one all night! I don't recall after my bath if I had one or not, but I guess its not that big of a deal, I had a sweater on anyways, and a jacket for most the night. But it makes me wonder a little.
