Dora's Naked Dare
by The elliptic pencil
Copyright© 2022 by The elliptic pencil

Emmy looked at her friend, “You really gonna do it, Dora?” In truth, Dora looked much less sure of herself than when she had first agreed to this challenge.

“Yeah. Sure. I already said I would, didn’t I?” Why, Dora wondered, why had she agreed. It was just stupid, just so fucking stupid.

“Dora doesn’t turn chicken,” Roddy said. He was her older brother, He should know. But he was only a year older, and like any other boy, he was mostly clueless about whatever might be going on inside a girl’s head. “Ain’t it so, Sis?”

She didn’t answer, but yeah, it was pretty true. Of that she was sure. Dora closed her eyes and took a slow, deep breath.

“You are fucking crazy. You know that don’t you?” Emmy shook her head. “You don’t have to do this.”

“Yeah. I’m probably fucking crazy. So what?” Dora settled herself into the backseat of the cramped two-door. Emmy sat next to her, her legs pulled up close, behind Roddy in the front. The driver’s seat was empty, Dave’s seat. It was his car. Dave was the only one of the four old enough to have a driver’s license. He was the one behind this odd roadtrip home. At least it had been his idea.

“It was a stupid bet, Sis,” Roddy looked at his sister, trying to judge how nervous she really was, how scared she really was. Then he looked out into the still busy parking lot. “Here comes Dave.”

Dave opened the driver’s door and looked in. He looked at Dora. “You’re not ready yet, Donut.” Dave called her Donut. It was taken from the Dora’s Donuts & Expresso shop a mile down the street from their high school. There was no relationship between Dora and the donut shop, but Dave and a couple of other kids at school had latched on to referring to her as ‘Donut’ or sometimes ‘Dora the Donut’, which she liked even less.

“I said if we lost the game, I’d ride home naked and I will. But I’m not going to sit here naked in your fucking car, in the parking lot while you yap with your buddies for half an hour.”

“Well, I’m ready to go now. So get yourself naked girl.” He grinned at Dora. “But first, you two girls swap places. I want to be able to look over my shoulder and see you squirmin’.” He concluded with a low chuckle. “Besides, I bet your brother already gets to see you naked at home. This is supposed to be my treat.”

After a moment’s pause, the boy’s watched as Dora and Emmy climbed past one another to trade places. “That’s good.” Dave was still grinning his dumbass smile. He touched a button and the car’s rear hatch clicked open. “Now you can hand over your clothes.” Dave had his cell out and began recording a video of Dora’s humiliation.

Dora screwed up her courage a notch. It would take about an hour to get home from the game where they had just watched their team’s unexpected defeat. At least it was nighttime, Dora thought in silence. But the parking lot where they sat was brightly lit and there were still quite a few people wondering around. Dora pulled off her sneakers and socks and handed them forward while Roddy an Emmy watched her, not saying a word.

“That’s a start.” Dave put her shoes on his driver’s seat. He continued staring into the backseat.

There were no walkers nearby, but there was still a lot of light coming in the windows. Dora quickly stripped off her school sweatshirt, her sports bra. While Dave was staring at her bare breasts, she casually slid her small handbag to Emmy, who slipped it behind her. She unsnapped her jeans and slid them off. Finally her panties joined her other clothes on the front seat. Dora sat back and pulled the seatbelt around her. “Okay. Let’s go!” she said. But Dave took his time looking at her. He put his cell back in a pocket, then he took her clothes in an armload to the back of the car. Dora listened as the hatch relocked closed. Dave got behind the steering wheel and looked back at Dora. He was still grinning foolishly, just like a Cheshire cat.

As Dave pulled into the lane with cars heading out a couple walked by his car and the guy did a quick double-take on Dora. He obviously realized she was naked, and flashed a thumbs-up and a smile at their car. More walkers stared into the car before they made their way to the exit. Dora sat, scrunched down with her arms folded firmly in front of her. She did her best to put any surprised looks out of her mind. Some boys in the car moving forward next to them stared at her from the backseat and pointed. One of them thumped his hand on the roof of the car a couple of times while his buddies laughed. Finally, after what seemed like forever to Dora, they were on the street and headed slowly away from the parking lot.

“Damn. This is so sweet.” Dave slapped his hand on the steering wheel in time to the music he was playing through the car’s speakers. He turned his head to get another good look at Dora as they drove past some more bright lights. “Hey guys, I need to get some gas into this beast before we hit the highway.” He looked at Dora. “You can pump the gas, Donut.”

“Fuck you,” Dora replied. “I’m not getting out of the car.”

Dave shrugged. “Well, I guess I thought you were fearless.”

“Fuck you,” she repeated. “Not even if you’d give me my clothes back.”

“Yeah, well there’s really no way I’m gonna do that, Donut.”

Soon enough, Dave found a brightly lit gas station and pulled up in a street-side u-pump lane. He got out to pay the cashier before returning to put the pump hose to the fuel inlet. He stood beside the car as he watched $20 worth of regular gas added to the car. “Alright, that should get us home.” Dave got out his cell again while he looked over at Roddy. “You and your sister need to trade places. I want to have that naked pussy riding right next to me.”

“That wasn’t part of the deal,” Dora shouted. Emmy agreed.

“Well, it’s part of the deal if you want me to take you home.”

“Get me my clothes and I’ll walk. I’m fine with that.”

“I already told you I wasn’t going to give your clothes back. You want to get out and walk, fine. I doubt you’ll have much trouble hitching a ride.”

“Fuck you.”

“Trade places.”

“Fuck you.” But Dora and Roddy went ahead and traded places. It was awkward. Roddy had to get out of the car first. He used the door and his body to very inadequately shield Dora from the view of the busy street traffic. She quickly ducked from the backseat to crouching in the front while Roddy leaned the seat forward and climbed into the back with Emmy. Several horns had honked, so at least some people had seen Dora was naked. She slammed the door and pulled on the seatbelt. “Fuck you, asshole.” The car was low and had what seemed to her to be a very big windshield. Hiding herself in the front seat was even more difficult if not impossible.

Dave pulled the car onto the road. “Anybody want something from a drive-thru before we get onto the highway?” Dora glared at him.

“We don’t need anything,” Emmy answered a little too quickly.

“Well, I could use a latte for the drive home.” He pulled onto an entryway to a drive-thru coffee stand. He still had his cell out to aim at her.

“Dave, don’t,” Dora complained. She tried to cover herself better with her hands and by bending forward and turning away.

Dave ignored her and gave his order to the barista who was staring open-mouthed looking into the car.

“It’s a bet she lost.” Dave shrugged. “Just one medium hot vanilla latte.” He handed her some money. “You can keep the change, honey.”

After a short time the girl handed a paper cup across to Dave. “I’ve called the cops to report you, jerk.”

Dave got quickly onto the highway. “Don’t worry about it. I don’t think she did anything anyway.”

“You are the world’s biggest asshole.” Dora was pissed.

“Nope. I’m actually the world’s biggest prick. You want to get hold of it, Donut? I would really like that.”

“Fuck you.”

There wasn’t much conversation in the car for the next hour. Dave initiated the occasional lewd remark or jape and Dora mostly responded with a few selected expletives. Dave was managing to give about as many cars as possible a chance to look into his windows.

Dave turned off the highway and entered their small hometown. He pulled over to the side of the road. “I’m tired of listening to your crap mouth, Donut. Get your butt out of my car. He looked back at her brother, Roddy. You can walk home with her if you want, or I’ll drive you home. You too, Emmy. Your choice.”

“Get me my clothes,” Dora ordered.

“Donut, I told you. I’m not giving your clothes back. I don’t even have them. I left them in a pile on the ground behind the car when we left the parking lot.

Dora didn’t even know what to say.

“You can’t do that,” Emmy said. It was almost the first thing she had said in an hour.

“Well, they’re gone, Donut, gone.” Dave shrugged, happy with himself. “Get out.”

“We’ll go with you,” Emmy said. “Roddy and I can come up with enough between us to cover you up.”

Dora had tears, angry tears rolling from her cheeks. Dave had his cell back out recording her again. She got out of the car and stood by the open door as Roddy pushed the seatback forward so he and Emmy could get out with her.

Dave hit the gas, and the acceleration slammed the open door shut as the car jumped forward.

“No!” Dora screamed after the car moving quickly away. She stood there a long moment, naked. But there were other cars on the road. Dora ran quickly into the foliage behind her. She turned back to face the road and screamed into the darkness, “Asshole!” She repeated it again. “Asshole!” Dave’s car vanished from her view.

Inside the car, Dave was laughing.

“Go back. This is so wrong,” Emmy pleaded.

“Stop the Goddamned car and let us out,” Roddy shouted.

After driving a short way Dave pulled over in smug compliance. “Okay, so get the fuck out then.”

Roddy pushed the passenger seatback forward again and opened the door. He and Emmy got out. Emmy had remembered to grab Dora’s small handbag. “I’m going to get back at you for this,” he said angrily. But Dave was sure Roddy was no match physically if it came to that. He was sure Roddy knew that too.

Dave drove off. Roddy and Emmy were more than a mile past where Dora had been left standing at the side of the road. Emmy was the first to speak. “Come on. We’ve got to help her. She needs us, and she needs us right now.” Emmy began to jog in the direction they had come from. Roddy caught up fast and was right beside her. “I think it was back close to where that truck is passing by now.” She pointed at a distant eighteen-wheeler speeding away from them. “We need to hurry. She got to be thinking she’s all alone out here.”

Emmy was in good shape as a runner. She could manage a conversation while keeping a brisk pace. Roddy was just able to keep up. Emmy slowed and paused where she thought Dave had left Dora. She shouted into the darkness, “Dora! It’s me, Emmy. Roddy and I are here to help.” There was no reply. “Dora, are you out there?”

Roddy was winded. “We’re a long way from home yet. I don’t know if she would even recognize where we are right now. Where could she be?” He shouted into the same darkness Emmy had focused on. “Dora! Can you hear me, Dora!” He turned to Emmy. “Do you think this is the right place? Maybe it was even further back.”

“I think this is it, but let’s keep heading that way and calling out.” Emmy looked at the worried look on Roddy’s face. There were enough breaks between traffic on this road that they were sure Dora should be able to hear them, even if they weren’t really close yet. They both kept calling out her name as they headed further back on the road. They’d wait to listen for a reply before shouting out again. They kept moving, hoping to hear something.

“Do you think somebody found her?” Roddy quesioned. “And maybe took her?”

“It’s only been a few minutes. It could happen, but not that fast,” Emmy replied. “No, I don’t think so.” But she was beginning to wonder too, as they could hear no response to their repeated calls. “Roddy, I’m scared.”

“Me too.”

Dave had been right about one thing. When he had bought gas and made Dora get in the front seat, he had said she’d have no trouble hitching a ride naked. Except for the psychological terror involved in actually doing it, she told herself. The very first car had stopped. The driver was old, well a lot older than her. Maybe he was 30 or so, younger than her dad. He was black, but that hardly mattered. She opened the door and looked in.

“What are you doing, girl?” There was just the driver, but he had a dog in the backseat. It looked like a mid-sized mutt. He stared at her with wide-eyed surprise written on his face.

“Can I get in? Will you give me a ride?”

“Don’t you think that’s why I stopped, girl?”

Dora got into the car and shut the door so the interior lights would go off. “A former friend, an asshole, decided this would be an excellent prank. Do you think you could take me home? It’s not very far, I think.” She tried to cover herself a little with her hands, but she couldn’t be very effective.

“I think Rags would let you have his blanket if you just slid it out from under him. Don’t yank it or he might get upset. He won’t bite though.” He looked back at his dog. “You let this girl have your blanket, Rags. Good dog, Good boy, Rags.”

Dora wasted no time retrieving the dog blanket Rags had been sitting on. It wasn’t all that big, and it was certainly old and ratty, and it smelled like a dog blanket. But it was appreciated. “Thank you, Rags, and thank you, mister.”

“Parker,” he said.

“Parker,” Dora repeated.

“You sure you just want to go home? Not turn that ‘asshole’ in to the police or somethin’?”

“Yeah, home, please. You’re pointed the right direction. It’s in town, not far from the high school if you know where that is.”

“Yep, I know.” Parker pulled his old car back onto the road. “I work there. Maintenance man, or janitor if you prefer. I do a lot of that too.”

“Oh,” Dora mumbled as she tucked the blanket around herself. She was just thankful to finally be covering her nakedness. As Parker got closer to the school, she was able to give him more precise directions to get her home.

“Is it okay if we don’t go down the main street?” he asked. “I am at least a little concerned about gettin’ pulled over for DWB while I got a nekid white girl ridin’ with me.”

She looked at Parker. “DWB?”

“Drivin’ while black. Yeah. We can get to your place, just not so direct. Okay?”

Dora nodded. “Okay, sure.” And it wasn’t long before he stopped on the quiet street in front of her house. “Thank you, Mister Parker.”

“Just Parker. You take Rags’ blanket with you. He needs a new one anyway.”

“Thank you, Parker. Thank you Rags.” Dora got out of the car. The house loomed mostly in the dark, but she was sure her parents would be home. The doors would be locked too. And she wasn’t ready to have them see her like this. She tried to remember if her second floor bedroom window was unlatched ... probably. She made her way around to the backyard gate. As she opened it and passed silently through, Parker rolled away from the curb and was gone.

Dora looked up at her bedroom window. She had used stealth to get in and out of the house unnoticed before, but she probably couldn’t do it with a dog blanked wrapped around her. She climbed a maple tree that stretched one big branch close enough to the roof that she could move from one to the other. It proved harder to climb the tree barefoot, and naked, but Dora persevered. She let herself, carefully and silently onto a corner of the roof. Slowly and silently she made her way to her window. It wasn’t latched. She struggled to slide the window open wide enough to slip through, and she did. She stood up and looked out the window from inside her room and wrapped her arms around herself. She shivered. She hadn’t realized how chilly she had felt, and she understandably smelled a lot like a dog blanket. She cracked open her door and listened to hear that her parents were watching TV downstairs. So she got out her sleepwear and made her way down the hall to take a nice hot shower. Roddy’s bedroom was empty. He was apparently not back yet.

Dora’s mom knocked and opened the bathroom door while she was showering. “We didn’t hear you come in. You should have told Dad and I you were home, honey. Where’s Rod?” Her mom always called her brother Rod.

“We got separated. He should be along pretty soon, I think. I was just freezing and I was craving a hot shower. I’ll be down and see you guys in a few minutes.” So Dora’s mom let her be. She would need to talk to her parents and not say anything that would make her story veer away from whatever Roddy would say. She was already well experienced in reporting back to her parents without giving them any real information.

It was a good deal later when Roddy got home. He had no idea where his sister might be. He and Emmy had finally caught a ride close to their homes on a late running city bus. He had no idea what he was going to tell his parents. He felt like he needed to get back out and search for his sister. Emmy had said that after she checked in, she would find a way out of the house as quickly as she could and join him to try and find Dora.

Dora popped up when she heard Roddy unlocking the front door. Her dad had dozed off and her mom was trying hard to stay awake. “Hey,” she said brightly, “I’ve been worried about you. You guys sure took your time getting home.”

“Huh?” Roddy was bewildered. “How’d you get here already?”

“Parker,” Dora interrupted. She needed to steer Roddy’s story in front of their parents so that it would mesh with hers. “He drove me straight here. I had no idea what all you and Emmy were up to. Mom and Dad have been worried about you. I told them we lost the game, our ride back with Dave didn’t work out, and that I found a ride home and I thought you guys had another ride. You’ll need to tell them the story of why it took you so long. I’ve been home for an hour.”

“Uh, yeah. And I guess I better text Emmy and make sure she’s home safe now too. It’s been a long night.”

“You should do that. And, yeah, it has been a long night. I don’t think Dave’s very reliable for transportation. I’m sure not going to count on him anymore. It was his fault we got split up. I’m glad you guys found a way home with friends, though. I knew you would and everything would turn out just fine.”

“Uh, yeah.”

“So this Dave, he left you guys stranded after the game?” their mom asked. “You all had to find other rides? You could have called us you know? We’re going to have to have a talk about this.”

“Uh, yeah,” Roddy repeated for a third time as he sent a text to Emmy. He looked at Dora. “I’ll let Emmy know you got home okay too. She didn’t like that we had to get separated.”

Dora wondered silently if she had learned a lesson or only dodged a bullet. She also wondered if there was some way to get back at Dave. She felt pretty confidant she could come up with some idea that would be both suitable and satisfying.
