Age of Aquarius -- Chapter Five: "Guitar Lessons," Redux, This Time with Air Quotes by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2021

Story codes: MF, MMFF, MFg(10), first, oral, anal, preg, romance

Summary: Set in the Summer of Love, 1968, this is the story of how the arrival of a special family at a hippy commune in the Catskills changed the protagonist's life forever. As with most of my stories, this one's really a love story.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

==============



After Emily's and my tryst in the kitchen, Alice and I went back to my room to get her clothes. Before she dressed, I sparked another joint.

"Mrs. Richter's cute!" she said, holding in a big drag of pot as she sat cross-legged on my bed in nothing but my oversized dress shirt.

"She is," I agreed.

"I just can't believe you're fucking her at the same time that you're coming on to her daughter. That's..." She raised her eyebrows at me. "...bold."

I gave her a look, and she laughed.

"Oh, right, I forgot," she dripped with sarcasm. "You're not hot for the daughter."

"I think one of us is hot for Rachel, but it isn't me."

Alice laughed. "What a trip, though, that Mrs. Richter hadn't ever been fucked from behind before."

"Yeah, she had a pretty sheltered life before Richter's accident, and after that, you know, not much sex. She's never even given a blow job."

"No way!" Her eyes twinkled with a sudden thought. "Oh, we just gotta get her to do that! I can help! I can show her what to do!"

"That sounds like fun."

"It does! And once we're done teaching her, I can do the same thing for you and your little girlfriend!"

I gave her my sardonic look again, and she giggled. Right then, I noticed what time it was. "Oh, shit! I gotta run! It's later than I thought."

"Why? What's up?"

"I got guitar lessons."

"You're taking guitar lessons??"

"No, I'm..." I realized that if I told her who my student was, I'd never hear the end of it. "I'm the teacher," I lamely finished.

Her face lit with a great big grin. It was clearly too late; she already figured it out. "Wait!" she said. "You're giving your little girlfriend 'guitar lessons'--" She made quote marks in the air wih her fingers, "--aren't you?"

"Yes," I confessed. "I mean, no! She's not my 'little girlfriend'--" I returned the air quotes, "--and they are guitar lessons!"

"Dude, you're soooo in lust with her!" the hippy chick laughed. "I'm sitting here on your bed, stoned and half naked, and you fucked me twice yesterday--you even ass-fucked me! So you know what kinda girl I am. And you're just going to leave me sitting here all by myself so you can go give your little girlfriend a 'guitar lesson.'" More air quotes.

"I'm sorry, are you...?" I sat down. "I shouldn't leave, that's rude of me."

She laughed, although it was more of a sarcastic grunt. "No, that's not what I'm saying. I'm not jealous, if that's what you think. Besides, thanks to you, I'm too sore to do anything right now anyway."

"Sorry 'bout that."

"I'm just saying, you're totally hooked, big guy. Go make puppy love with your girlfriend while you play guitar, it's fine with me."

"Really? I feel sorta like a heel now."

"Of course, go. I need to get some more sleep anyway."

"Okay... We'll get together later, okay?"

"Do me a favor, though," her eyes twinkled.

"Okay... What?" I was a bit trepidatious about what the request might be.

"It's more of a favor for her, really. Drop the silly 'she's not my girlfriend' routine, at least when you're around her. That's just gonna make her feel like you're rejecting her. Believe me, I know."

"What am I supposed to do?" I asked, genuinely confused, and a little bit worried, about this harebrained plan.

Alice laughed. "Don't you see how into this girl you are? You had no problem coming on to me."

"That's totally different. You're--"

"I know, I know," she dismissively waved off my objection. "But don't you see what that's gonna look like to her?"

"So you're saying I should come onto her?"

She gave a victorious smile. "I'm not saying you should go and jump her bones right now. But you should make sure she knows that you want to."

"Okay..."

"And mean it."

"Okay..." I stood up, still uncertain about all of this. "I'll see you soon, okay?"

She gave me a big grin. "Go!"



I was oddly nervous, and quite unhappy about it, as I stood outside the door to Rachel's bedroom, listening to her strumming chords while she awaited her guitar teacher's late arrival. Until this moment, I hadn't thought about sex with her much at all, except for a few fleeting momentary thoughts that any man would have about a cute girl. I certainly hadn't had any plans, or even any thoughts of any plans, to "come on" to her. But the problem now wasn't that I was suddenly having these thoughts--I could deal with that problem easily enough. The problem was that, thanks to Alice, I was suddenly feeling guilty about the fact that I hadn't thought about this before. As I stood there, my guitar in one hand, the knuckles of my other hand preparing to knock on the door, I was feeling now like I owed it to Rachel to come on to her, like it was my duty as an older man to make sure that she knew that she was an object of desire. That I wanted her.

Fuck!

She looked up at me with big blue eyes as I apologized to her for being late. Big, beautiful blue eyes. I felt a stirring as I looked into those eyes, and I realized that it was true, that Alice was right. Maybe I had been in denial about how I felt about the girl? But I admitted it to myself now. I was incredibly attracted to her, and I had been since the first time I saw her. I wanted her to be my "little girlfriend." I wanted her to be my lover. I wanted to make love with her.

"Your guitar playing sounds so nice!" I said, awkwardly, avoiding what I was really feeling right then.

She blushed. "Thanks."

"Hey, I was thinking, maybe you'd want to go swimming again?" I don't know where that idea came from. I just blurted it out, but I have to admit I was motivated by the idea of being naked with her while we swam, and the Alice-invoked memory of how she'd stared at my cock the day before. And now, I had to clear my mind of that thought, so that my growing erection would go away.

"Right now?" she said, so innocently unaware of my evil motives.

"Sure! It's still super hot, and nobody else is swimming right now. I think you might like it better if we're alone. I mean, if it isn't so crowded..."

She gave me a sweet smile as she set her guitar down on the bed. "Yeah, I think I'd like that better."

Down at the pond, I quickly undressed, and just like Alice would have predicted, those big beautiful blue eyes dropped down, and Rachel was staring at my cock again. There was nothing I could do to prevent what happened next; my poor guy twitched, and thickened, and in about two seconds, while Rachel just stared, I was fully erect.

"Sorry," I said, looking down myself. "I'm..." she raised big eyes to look at me. "I better just get in the water so he can settle down"

She giggled nervously. "Okay."

I dashed embarrassedly into the water, and once my offending appendage was safely obscured, I turned to see her walking into the water, her long legs bare, but still wearing her shirt and panties.

"You're gonna swim in your shirt?" I asked her.

"Yeah..." she answered. "You think I shouldn't?"

"It'll get soaked. Why not swim in your bra?"

"I'm not wearing..."

"Oh, okay..."

"But still... It will get soaked, won't it? I guess I can..." And then turned her back to me, pulled her shirt off, and tossed it onto the bank. When she turned back, she was wearing nothing but a little pair of flower-print cotton panties, but she had an arm across her chest, concealing her nipples from my view. She didn't drop the arm until she'd walked far enough into the pond that she could crouch down and keep her chest hidden from my view.

I wasn't sure if she was being shy, or if she just didn't want to be oogled by the dirty old man who likes to show her his cock, and pops an instant boner when he does. Despite what Alice might have contended, I assumed it was the latter, which didn't exactly make me happy. But I can't say as I blamed her. And this realization made me feel a little guity; I'd done what Alice suggested, and showed the girl in graphic detail that I was sexually attracted to her, and the result was that I'd scared her. But the realization also had the positive effect of alleviating some of the stress that I'd artificially put on our relationship--we could now go back to just being friends again. Back to the "uncle-niece" dynamic that we'd had, up until Alice put these crazy thoughts in my head. So I focused on just having fun while we swam.

And we did have fun. I noticed, to my disappointed amusement, that every time I might have a chance to see her nipples, she made sure to cover them with her arm or her hands. Further proof that she didn't want her dirty old "uncle" staring at her girl bits. However, about fifteen minutes into our swimming, she apparently momentarily forgot her opinion on the matter of showing off to old men, and stood up in front of me and lifted her arms to swipe her wet hair from her face, and I was finally treated to a view of her thin, bare, and oh-so-beautiful chest. She had no breasts at all, but her darling baby nipples stood up, swollen pink dollops that hinted at changes that were just beginning to happen to her young body.

She saw me looking. She saw me staring. I just couldn't help it. But instead of covering herself to my achingly desirous gaze, she dropped her hands to her side, once she'd cleared away the wet strands of hair, and just stood there for a moment, letting me soak in the beauty of her preadolescent bosom. After a second or two, she lifted her hands and covered herself again.




[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
