Naked At A Slumber Party
by EmiTsuruta

Go to a sleepover. I try to get Satomi & Asuna to do one.

This was late August, one Saturday, after Oceanview U.'s Japanese language exchange. I guess there were 7 of us, 2 guys, Dave and Naoya, and 5 girls, Lucy, Fujiko, Yuko, Babe and me. Dave is quiet, has bushy eyebrows, but is kind of handsome in a rugged outdoorsy way. Naoya is tall for a Japanese, wears glasses, and likes to be involved, but some girls say he's a bit of a geek. He seems to be more interested in Lucy anyway.

Lucy is Korean. She is very tall and probably in the market for a boyfriend, but school was ending for her. She was flying out the next day, headed back to Korea to become a stewardess. Fujiko is probably my closest friend in the group, Japanese, a tennis instructor, a bit of a tomboy and a real party girl. Yuko was a bit older than the rest of us, closer to 30, but sophisticated, a woman of the world. She can look beautiful at times. Babe is cute, short, smart, Taiwanese. She likes some of the same guys as Yuko, so Babe tries to dress sexy in order to compete.

You probably know me. I'm Japanese, shy(?), but fun-loving, basically a good girl. Some guys say I'm cute, but who knows? Personality-wise, I sometimes get caught up in the moment, doing things I probably shouldn't. I'll tell you the story, and you'll see what I mean.

Anyway, it all started when Babe offered to host a sleepover at her house, a farewell party for Lucy.

"Oh, I don't know," I shook my head. "I didn't bring any pajamas or anything."

"Oh, that's OK. You can sleep in your underwear," Babe joked. I quietly mused,

"Or naked."

This got a huge reaction out of all of them, except Naoya who was too busy hitting on Lucy. I was just joking at that point, but it was kind of fun, to tease them, and see their reaction.

"Do you always sleep naked?" Yuko asked me. She was trying to make out like she would never do anything like that, but I knew she had a lover back in Japan.

"Sometimes," I smiled coyly. "Doesn't everyone?"

Dave perked right up,

"Hey, can I come?" Dave is usually the quietest, but apparently, the prospect of seeing me naked seemed to have got his interest up. He was looking straight at me, trying to picture me naked I guess. I wasn't wearing anything special that day, just jeans, sandals and a blue and white t-shirt which was maybe hugging my breasts a bit tight. I had a bra on, so I don't think they could see my nipples anyway. Dave seemed to be getting all excited. I just batted my eyelashes, feigning innocence. Yuko came around in front of him, and crossed her arms in a giant X.

"No way. No men allowed."

I was surprised she was so against the idea, but I guess she was right. If we're going to have a sleepover, maybe we shouldn't include the guys. I mean Dave seems nice enough, but we didn't know him really. He lives way out in the country somewhere, and only comes in for the exchanges. In any case, I had a boyfriend, Ryosuke, and didn't want trouble.

"Oh come on!" Dave protested. "Naoya and I are going to miss Lucy too. We should all be there."

It was pretty funny seeing them get all heated up over coming. Naoya peered over at me, curious now. I was just joking, people! For heaven's sake!

Yuko held firm, and eventually, the guys gave up, and headed off to do their own thing. Babe took us four girls to her place while Fujiko went to fetch some drinks.

Babe lived in a big house with a bunch of other roomers. She led us up this narrow staircase, and unlocked the door. The decor in her apartment reminded me of a commune, with artsy posters on the wall and a vague after-scent of marijuana. The house was pretty quiet. Maybe her share mates aren't home.

She took us to her bedroom. It was decorated nice, feminine, kind of cute. Babe is smart, but she's been trying to remake her image, try to act sexy. We sat down on her bed while she scurried around looking for bedding.

Soon, Fujiko showed up carrying a bag of alcohol and mixers. I usually don't drink--I do crazy things if I do--but some of the cocktails she made sounded interesting so I did try a little.

"Where'd you learn to make all these drinks?" I asked.

"I'm taking a bartender's course," Fujiko explained.

"What drinks can you make?"

"Tickle Me Elmo, Sex on the Beach, Pink Panty Dropper."

"What? You're kidding!" The names sounded so kinky.

"No, I'm serious. For the Pink Panty Dropper, you use pink lemonade."

I mulled this over, but already the alcohol was starting to affect me. I felt light-headed, maybe a bit warm. Maybe I should stop now while I'm ahead.

"Can I use your shower?" I asked Babe.

"Are you going to bed already?"

"No, no. I just want to get cleaned up."

"Sure, the bathroom's across the way."

I borrowed a towel, and scooted across the hall. Even through the door, I could hear Yuko and them, giggling away back in Babe's room. They are good people. I felt safe.

I took a deep breath, stripped out of my clothes, and stepped into the shower. I turned on the water, poured some soap in my hand, and lathered up my breasts and pussy. It did feel kind of nice, the warm water and my fingers massaging my body. I didn't want to get too carried away though. The rest of them might hear.

When I was done, I got out, and checked my body in the mirror. I look cute I think even when my hair is all wet like this. I puckered out my lips, voguing. I still had on my lucky necklace hanging down between my breasts. I had a bit of a tan from swimming at the beach, but my breasts were still white. Only my nipples were a slightly darker color, kind of red. My pubic hair was all wet and messy, kind of indecent looking. I do look hot though I think. Ryosuke likes it when I'm wet. ;-D

I wrapped the towel around me, and then scurried back to Babe's room.

"Where are your pajamas?" Fujiko slurred, maybe a bit drunk. "Oh, that's right. You're going to sleep naked."

I sat down next to her. Fujiko wrapped her arm around my bare shoulder, trying to stay upright. I looked at her, wondering if I could sleep naked. I sleep naked at Satomi's dorm sometimes, although she doesn't like it when I do.

"Maybe I should," I teased, testing the waters. Babe got up, and showed me the clothes in her closet. I'm taller than she is, so I didn't think her nightwear would fit me.

"You're not going to sleep naked!" Fujiko guffawed. "You're too much of a goody two shoes!"

I could feel my heart beating in my chest. I don't know why I was getting so excited. It was just us girls. Worried I was blushing, I leaned forward, trying to hide my face in my wet hair. I don't think Fujiko really knows how hot this all gets me. I had talked her into going for a polar bear run at the frat where she is staying now. Maybe she was too drunk to remember.

"I will if you will," I countered. I still wasn't sure, but all this talk had got me thinking.

Babe gave up trying to find me some p.j.'s. She lay back down on her bed, and whined,

"I'm hungry. Can someone go get some food from the kitchen?"

No one moved to help. I pried Fujiko's arm off me, and struggled to my feet, but Fujiko grabbed my towel, pulling it off. Suddenly, I was naked in the middle of Babe's room! It felt so weird, but kind of exciting actually.

"Wow! Sexy!" Babe whistled. I felt pretty embarrassed, but none of them seemed too shocked.

"You have long legs!" Babe went on. Lucy looked me up and down, perhaps a bit jealous. Self-conscious, I grabbed for the towel, but Fujiko pulled it out of reach, giggling away.

"You should go to the kitchen like that!" she blurted out. Lucy and Babe laughed.

"Very funny," I retorted, cupping my hands over my breasts. I looked around, gauging their reaction. I began to think maybe I could get away with it. It was a bit risky, but the house had been quiet since we arrived.

"I tell you what. If I do, will you get naked too?" I asked Fujiko again. Babe laughed even more.

"You won't do it. You'd never do it," she shook her head. She did have a point. I didn't know Babe's house mates. It would be pretty crazy to just wander out into the main part of their house buck naked. But then again, it might be fun...

"But if I do, you'll strip too, right?" I prodded. Fujiko hesitated for the longest time, but finally nodded.

"Girls! Girls! Watch! Emi's going to do it!" she announced. I motioned for her to keep her voice down. To tell you the truth, I hadn't really planned on doing anything like this, but they all seemed fine with whatever. Maybe they think I won't do it. Usually, when I'm with them, I'm pretty restrained. Except for Fujiko, I think they hadn't seen me fool around like this before.

Standing here naked had gotten me pretty excited. I cautiously opened Babe's door, and peeked out. I pricked up my ears, but I couldn't hear anyone. The cool air from the hall was tickling my hello kitty, getting me even hornier.

I took a deep breath, and stepped out into the hall. There were all these alarm bells going off in my head, but I set out down the hall, not really knowing where I was going. It was such a strange feeling, wandering around Babe's house in my bare scuddy. I tweaked my nipples, getting even more excited. This really was crazy!

I eventually found the kitchen. I felt so weird standing here, horny, vulnerable, but I rifled through the cupboards, looking for a plate. Opening the fridge hit my body with a blast of cold air, making me even more aware of my nudity. I found some carrots and celery. I wonder if she has a cucumber... Anyway, I piled the veggies onto a plate.

I almost made it back to Babe's room. I was so close, but just at the last second, a head peeked out from one of the doorways down the hall. It was a guy, and the horrible thing was I recognized him. His name is Fang. He is Vietnamese and a friend of Babe's. I think he's a grad student. He usually looks pretty collected, but now, his hair was on end, his eyes swimming. I had to admit I did look pretty incongruous, standing here naked, still wet, shivering. I rushed into Babe's room, and shut the door behind me, breathing a bit heavily from the shock of getting caught.

"What? What happened?" Fujiko asked. I was still processing. Had he got a good look at me? I guess he had. That was kind of silly going out there naked like that. I felt guilty, ashamed. Should I go explain? And say what?

"Um, yeah, it was fine," I lied, not wanting to alarm them. It struck me that Babe and Fang might be dating. I hadn't really thought about it, but they did seem pretty close. I finally scooted over, and handed Babe the plate of veggies. I looked at her, worried, but she just calmly started munching on them. Still, I felt awkward.

"Can I have my towel back now?" I asked Fujiko.

"I thought you said you were going to sleep naked." Fujiko is usually nice, but I guess she was drunk. I sat down on a futon, and pulled the sheet around my body, covering up. The rest of them were kind of talking with Lucy.

I kept worrying that Fang might come down here, looking for me. I guess he only saw me for a second or two. Maybe he's shy. It did kind of bother me though. I've got a hot body! Wasn't I worth pursuing? Most guys would at least come, and try to get a closer look, don't you think?

The other girls started changing into their p.j.'s. I couldn't stop thinking about Fang though. What is he doing now? Is he still in shock? Picturing me? I couldn't help but be curious. Still naked, I got back up, and went to the door.

"Where are you going?" Lucy asked, alarmed.

"I just want to get a glass of water," I told her. Babe didn't object, so I opened the door again, and went back out! I was really asking for trouble now. Fang's door was open, but I didn't see him. I scurried down the hall to the kitchen, and poured myself a glass of water. I have to say, I was getting a real thrill from wandering around her house naked like this. I felt so awake now, invigorated.

When I came back though, Fang peeked out from his door again, surprised to find me still naked! Part of me wanted to go down, and explain what I was doing, but I didn't know what to tell him. He looked like he wanted to say something, but I motioned for him to keep his voice down. I didn't want Babe to know he'd caught me, twice now! I just kind of stood there, torn. If I don't go explain, he might tell Babe, but if I go down there naked like this, that might just make things worse. He was staring in shock at my pussy, my breasts, evidently blown away by my cheek. It did take some nerve, but it was actually quite the buzz getting caught. I could feel this excitement coursing through me, setting my whole body on fire.

Unfortunately, Fang got up, spooking me, so I scooted back into Babe's room, and closed the door. My heart was pounding in my chest. Lucy kind of motioned for me to stop fooling around, but I was so excited by then. Eventually, I realized that my clothes were still in the bathroom.

"I have to go get my clothes," I whispered to Lucy. She sat up, offering to help, but I motioned that it was alright. I waited for a while, listening at the door, trying to tell what Fang was doing. Eventually, I got fed up with waiting, and slipped back out into the hall. It was pretty fun tempting fate like this.

Fang was right there watching of course. I'd never really talked with him before, but I'd clearly got his attention now. I blushed, and waved for him not to stare so, and then scurried into the bathroom. He didn't seem upset or anything, rather the opposite, probably turned on by my body. It would be pretty funny to go down, and talk to him, but anyway, I should probably get my clothes first. I was in such a hurry though, that I dropped my panties on the carpet, as I dashed back.

I set my other clothes down on my futon, and then went back for my panties. Fang was all excited now, waving his arms, trying to tell me something, but I didn't have the courage to go down, and find out what. If he really is dating Babe, I probably shouldn't be teasing him like this.

Still breathing heavily, I came back, got under the covers of my futon, and tried to settle down. I half expected Fang to come down, and knock on our door. Should I go tell him not to? Babe seemed pretty out of it. I think she and the others were starting to drift off to sleep. I should sleep too, but I kept worrying. I didn't know what to do. It's not so often that I get caught naked like this!

The next morning, I awoke to find the other girls already up. Fujiko had left my towel by her futon, so I rescued it, and wrapped it around me. I couldn't tell if Fang was up, but anyway, I nipped across, and had another shower. I actually didn't see him that morning. Eventually, we girls all got dressed, and took Lucy to the airport. I was sorry to see her go, but promised to keep in touch.

This little escapade got me thinking though. I wondered if I could organize a real naked slumber party at my house. I didn't really know Babe and the others well enough to talk them into it, but maybe Satomi and Asuna would be up for it. To find out, I first dropped by at Satomi's dorm room. Satomi is a cute girl, duckbill lips, exotic eyes, but kind of uptight. I think she's gorgeous, but she's usually not keen on any of my crazy suggestions. She was busy studying, but I told her about getting caught naked by Fang.

"I don't know how you do these things!" she squealed in horror.

"Oh, come on, Satomi. So he saw me naked. It's no big deal."

"No guy will marry you now," she told me, seemingly serious.

"Oh, Satomi. You're just being silly. I've been thinking we should have a naked slumber party at my house."

She didn't say anything. Peeved that she wouldn't listen, I reached down, and tried to tickle her.

"Hey! What are you doing?" she protested.

"I said we should have a naked slumber party at my house."

"OK, OK. I heard you," she finally answered. "Keep your voice down. The boys are outside." The boys in this case were Hector and Kevin, two geeky but sweet dorm-mates of hers. Hector was a swarthy Colombian, and Kevin a shy artistic Chinese American.

"So you'll do it then?" I asked, all excited.

"I didn't say that," she demurred. I went for her belt buckle again, but she fought back, driving me off. "Stop fooling around here. This isn't the place." That sounded encouraging actually.

"My place then?" I persisted.

"What?"

"For the naked slumber party!"

"Emi, that's just silly. Why would we have to be naked?"

"It would be fun. Come on. Let's just try it, okay? Some weekend when my host family have gone away."

Satomi didn't seem so keen.

"You're hopeless. You know that?" she complained, but it was obvious that she wasn't really angry. I reached for her belt buckle again trying to undo it.

"Emi!" she scolded. I continued to press, but when she backed off to get away, she ended up falling off her chair. Giddy, I jumped on top of her, trying to pull up her sweater, and tickle her. We both couldn't stop laughing, but finally, she gave in.

"OK, OK, I'll go to your silly party," she relented. "But no boys and no funny business!"

Well, that went well. My next problem was to get Asuna to come. Asuna is such a precious little naif, cute as a button, but largely innocent of the ways of the world (or so I thought). I used to try to shield her from all my kinky stunts, but now that I think about it, she did get naked at the fireworks show when we went to the washroom to change yukatas. Who knows? Maybe she'd be into it. Anyway, I phoned her up, and arranged to go over to her condo a few days later.

I guess the sky was a bit cloudy when I left the house, but for some reason, I didn't think to bring an umbrella. It wasn't until after I got off the bus to walk to her place that it really started to rain. I was just in sneakers, powder blue shorts and a t-shirt, but I found a newspaper, and held it over my head as I ran through the rain. By the time I got to Asuna's patio door, I was soaked.

"Oh goodness, Emi. You are all wet. Here let me get you a towel," Asuna cooed. I didn't really mind so much. It was warm that day, and I had this party thing on my mind.

Asuna was usually this adorable little moppet, her sleek black hair up in twin pony tails, wispy bangs, doe-like eyes, button nose, her lips pressed together in doubt. Today though, she seemed different, more adult, more beautiful somehow. She was wearing raspberry lip gloss, a navy blazer, white blouse, navy mini-skirt, but it was more than that. She was radiating sexuality. I decided to confide in her about getting caught naked by Fang.

"What? No way! How come you were naked?" she asked.

"Fujiko stole my towel," I told her, even though that didn't explain why I kept going out into the hall.

"Huuun!" she nodded, mulling this over. She dug out a towel, and handed it to me.

"So what's up with you? Any new guys in your life?" I asked.

"Oh I don't know. You know me."

I did know her which is why I was asking. I wanted to know why she seemed so much more worldly all of a sudden.

"Who all is here?"

"Maria and Sandra have gone off to work." Maria and Sandra are Asuna's roommates.

"What about Craig?"

Craig is Sandra's boyfriend. When I first met Craig, I didn't think much of him. He'd burst in on me coming out of the shower. He has this habit of doing things like this, never respecting a girl's privacy. He is kind of good looking I guess. He has these pearly white teeth, and his eyes are dark, Asian looking almost. I guess he's not that bad, but the thought of him maybe being here did kind of get me going.

"I don't know. He might be here. It's been pretty quiet," she answered, eyes wide. I wiped myself off with the towel, but I was still dripping wet.

"Let's go check," I whispered heading off down the hall towards Sandra's bedroom.

"Emi!" she shrieked.

"Come on. We'll just take a quick peek." Of course, I usually don't spy on people, but one night I'd caught him spying on me!

"Emi!" Asuna hissed at me trying to get me to stop, but I couldn't help myself. I wanted to see.

Sandra's bedroom door was closed. Ever so quietly, I turned the knob, and opened it. The room was dark, but there on the bed was Craig, snoring away. He was lying face down, a sheet covering his bottom, but we could see the taut muscles of his bare back rippling slightly as he breathed. He does have a great body, I'll give him that.

I nodded to Asuna that I was going to go closer. She grabbed my t-shirt, and held me though, not letting me go in. I'll admit that I did want to take a peek under the covers, and see if he was naked. He'd seen me naked, so it was only fair. He is a big guy, so he might be big in other ways. ;-p

Asuna would have none of it though. She had a firm grip on my t-shirt, and refused to let go. I finally gave up, and came back out. I carefully closed the door again, and then turned back to Asuna.

"Wow! What a body, huh?" I let slip.

"Why are you so interested in Craig all of a sudden?" she asked, eyeing me.

"I don't know. Satomi told me she bumped into him the other day." That was the day I stayed home from school to watch TV with Teddy. Anyway, he does kind of get your hackles up. I kind of suspected that Asuna fancied him too.

"Have you and he ever... you know?" I teased, winking at her.

"No, of course not. I would never..." she whispered, her voice trailing off.

"He is pretty handsome though, isn't he?"

"Emi!"

I was still wet. Another idea popped into my head.

"Can I use your shower?"

"Um, yeah."

"I just want to get cleaned up." Asuna looked a bit worried, but she fetched me a wash cloth, and made sure I was all set up, before closing the bath room door. I stripped out of my wet clothes, but I couldn't stop thinking about Craig. He probably is naked, don't you think? He and Sandra were definitely banging. And now I'm naked too. It's perfect. Now if I can only convince Asuna. We could have the party here today!

I lathered up my body, cleaning all my nooks and crannies, then rinsed. I started drying myself off, but all charged up now, I came out naked into the hall. It was a bit dangerous, but Craig was asleep after all. Asuna waved her arms in the air trying to get me to put some clothes on, but I was too excited by then to just stop.

"What are you doing?" Asuna asked, all worried now.

"Craig's naked. I'm naked. You should get naked too," I giggled.

"What? No," she protested. I was all giddy now, and charged at her, pushing her back onto her bed. We landed, and bounced, and then before she had time to react, I grabbed her miniskirt undoing the button at the side. She kept motioning for me to keep my voice down, but didn't really fight as I pulled down her skirt and undies. Asuna's pubic hair is not that thick, just a little black tuft surrounded her slit. It is quite sexy. She covered her pussy with her hands, glaring down at me. I guess partly she was trying to keep quiet, so that we didn't wake Craig.

I backed up, and pulled her skirt and panties all the way down to her ankles and off. I thought I could detect the faintest scent of sex on her. Was she getting turned on too?

I moved to strip her blazer, but she wouldn't let me. Was she embarrassed about her breasts? They weren't huge, but from what I remember they were quite perky. Anyway, she looked plenty kinky as it was, bottomless like this.

"How does that feel?" I asked. She just blew the hair out of her eyes, not answering. She seemed a bit put out by rambunctiousness. She just lay there, breathing in and out. I couldn't tell if she was angry, horny or what.

I gathered up her skirt and panties, and took them to the door.

"What are you doing?" she hissed.

"I was just going to put them into the laundry," I told her. I stopped in the doorway, and listened. I was still naked, but all I could hear was the rain outside. I cautiously tip-toed out into the hall, and opened the folding doors in front of their washer and dryer. Asuna hesitated at the door to her room, pulling her blazer around trying to hide her pussy, but finally followed me out into the hall. Asuna looked sensual, erotic, eyes wide, her hair all messed up.

"You can't start up the washing machine," she warned me. "The noise will wake up Craig." She did have a point. As much fun as it was to take chances like this, perhaps I should be careful. There was no telling what Craig might do if he did wake up.

I did want to do something. Leaving her clothes on top of the washer, I tiptoed over toward their living room, and peeked around the corner at the big floor-to-ceiling glass doors leading out onto their patio. Asuna lives on the first floor, so we could see the cars parked out in the tree-lined courtyard. The rain was really coming down now making patterns on the hoods of the cars. There didn't seem to be anyone out there though. Probably people were waiting for the rain to stop. All charged up, I made a dash for Asuna's kitchen.

"Where are you going?" she cried after me.

"I just want to take a look outside," I explained. Asuna glanced back towards Sandra's room, making sure Craig wasn't up, and then came after me. I stared at her, a bit surprised that she was willing to come out bottomless in view of the windows. Maybe she thought the blazer was long enough to cover her, but I could still see her hips between the two flaps. She did look quite the sight standing there half naked like that.

Going all the way out the other side, I hid my pussy behind the dining room table, peering out at the parking lot. I couldn't see anyone out there. Quickly, before I lost my nerve, I scurried over to the patio door, undid the latch, and opened it. Unfortunately, the door clattered as it slid open, and there was some kind of construction noise coming from outside. I realized... a bit too late... that this would probably wake up Craig. I shut the door, and dashed back to the kitchen to hide, but sure enough we could hear noise coming from Sandra's room! Shoot!

Asuna was freaking. I was a little bit worried, more because she seemed to think this was a big deal us being naked. I guess it was kind of dangerous. She signaled for me to do something. We couldn't go back to her room, because Craig was over that way. I was actually more worried about getting caught this time. Craig was more unpredictable than Fang, and definitely seemed interested in both me and Asuna... in a sexual way I mean. He is such a horn-dog, sleeping with Sandra, but spying on us.

I motioned for Asuna to be quiet, while I thought about what to do. She was the one wearing the blazer, so she had to be the one to go fetch me something to wear.

"You have to go. You have to go," I kept whispering, but she was too freaked out to listen. She kept opening her cute little lips, mouthing 'Ohmigod.' I signaled for her to be perfectly silent as we listened trying to tell if Craig was coming. We heard footfalls on the carpet, and then the TV came on. He was out in the living room just around the corner from us.

"You have to go!" I repeated again. Asuna turned away, and made a desperate effort to pull the hem of her blazer down over her cute little derriere, but honestly, she looked insanely sexy dressed like that. She'd spread her legs, so that even from behind, I could kind of see her pussy. "Just pretend like you are wearing a thong or something," I whispered.

Bravely, Asuna stepped out into the living room. I stuck my head out to see Craig's reaction, and luckily, that distracted him, and he apparently didn't get a clear look at Asuna as she dashed past.

"Hey, Emi," he called out, pretty blazé considering. He was wearing shorts and a t-shirt, dressed now.

Asuna soon reappeared in the hallway opposite carrying a yellow dress she must have got from her room. She was still naked from the waist down, questioning me what she should do. I couldn't very well go out naked, so I signaled for her to bring me the dress. Eventually, she came right out into the living room still bare ass. Craig seemed curious, but I don't think he'd picked up that we were naked yet.

I quickly took the dress from Asuna, and pulled it on over my head. My heart was still beating away in my chest, but at least I was more or less decent again.

"Hey!" Craig called out. "Do you girls need soap or stuff?"

I looked at Asuna, but she didn't know what he was talking about either.

"What do you mean?" I asked, nervous.

"One of the girls from work left some Japanese stuff. Here I'll show you." He disappeared off to their bedroom. Asuna threatened to make a dash for her room, but before she could, Craig came back carrying a cardboard box. He set it down on the ottoman in the center of the living room, and then looked over towards us. I fixed the thin yellow cotton of my dress as best I could, then cautiously came out to where he could see me. Asuna kind of hung back, hiding behind me.

"Do you know what this is?" he asked, lifting up a plastic bottle.

"Biore U!" I exclaimed. It is a kind of liquid body soap they sell in Japan with a nice clean scent. I moved closer, peering into the box. There was a whole bunch of stuff like that, creams and lotions, shampoos, gidgy gadgees. "Wow! So many things."

Asuna had been fairly cautious, but intrigued by the box, she came out of the kitchen to get a better look. She was very carefully angling the flap of her blazer, hiding her pubic hair, but I could still see the edge of her pubic mound. She questioned me if it was safe for her to come out from behind me. I kind of scrunched up my face, meaning no, but unable to contain her curiosity, she edged forward. She did look insanely sexy, her bare thighs shining in the bright light, the flaps of her blazer swaying dangerously close to exposing her snatch. Craig glanced down at her crotch, but he didn't react too much yet.

From the box, Asuna picked out a white and orange bottle in the shape of a tube.

"What's that?" Craig asked.

"It says massage jelly," I noted. He kind of grinned. The bottle was in the shape of a penis, and the way Asuna was gripping it made it look like she was stroking it.

As she rooted through the box, Craig backed away coming around behind her to look at her ass. She does have one of the most scrumptious asses of all my friends, creamy white skin, soft-looking cheeks. The way she was standing we could almost see her little starfish anus. And to make matters worse, she kept bending over to grab things out of the box. She was still covering her bush at the front, but when she leaned forward, we could see her pussy lips from behind. Craig was trying to be polite for once, but he was definitely fascinated by this new more daring Asuna.

"What's this?" she asked cheerfully, picking up a white and blue cylinder with a cord on the end. I looked at the box.

"It says Hitachi Magic Wand."

"Do you work magic with it?" Craig smirked. It said it was a massager, but I'd read somewhere that some women use it as a vibrator.

"Does it still work?" Asuna asked. Craig pointed out the electrical outlet behind the TV. Asuna bent over again, giving us another peek at her cooch. Perhaps realizing, she straightened back up, and briefly covered her butt crack with her hand, watching our reaction. I just shrugged, and Craig shook his head, denying that he's been staring. So back down she went, feeling around for the outlet till she finally got the plug in. I felt embarrassed for her, but what could I do?

The wand had three buttons on the shaft. Asuna and Craig fiddled with them until they got I working. It was quiet, but you could hear the buzzing of the vibrator. Asuna rubbed it on my shoulder, and it did feel nice.

"Do me. Do me!" Asuna squealed. Craig's faced went white. I think he thought she wanted him to screw her, but in fact, she was just asking for us to use the massager on her. Finally, cluing in, he took the wand, and ran it along her shoulders, making her purr with satisfaction. She let her guard down so much that she wasn't even trying to hide her pussy anymore. Craig's hard on was getting more and more noticeable inside his little shorts.

Just then, at the worst possible moment, we heard a key in the door. It had to be one of Asuna's room mates. Asuna tossed the vibrator in the air, so she could straighten her blazer, and Craig caught it. I felt vulnerable, horny, but tried my best to make myself presentable. It turned out to be Sandra home from work. Craig whispered,

"Here, you girls can have the box," and then ran off to stall Sandra. Asuna was all freaking again, worried by her lack of skirt. I picked up the box, and told her to get behind me, to see if we could at least slip past without Sandra noticing that Asuna was naked.

Sandra looked at me when I came round the corner, and Craig thankfully steered her down towards their bedroom. Asuna and I made it to her room. While Asuna got dressed, I listened at the door, trying to hear what Sandra was saying. She sounded upset. I really should have been more careful.

I eventually asked Asuna why she had flashed Craig like that. She licked her lips, and didn't really answer. Does she like Craig? Is she an exhibitionist? Or was she just being ditsy? I couldn't tell.

Anyway, we eventually both settled down enough to chat. I didn't press her about my slumber party idea, but it was kind of obvious she would come. I'll tell you more about that later.

Emi Tsuruta