Asian Sloppy Seconds - by Starfire Mayo

(MMF, wife, interacial, swing, cuckold, asian)

I marry a Filipina care-giver but soon find out she is cheating on me. Things take on a new twist when my wife is open about her attraction for a colleague and she invites him home to fuck her. I watch my wife being fucked then eat her out afterwards. She has a baby and it turns out to be another man's.

1.	My Filipina Wife

I met Florida in local club with two other of her Filipina care-giver friends. Florida is a stunningly attractive girl. She is petite , 5'2" and a very attractive 23-year old Filipina girl. Her body is well-proportioned with round breasts, a slim waist, girlish hips and a tight firm little bottom. Her long waist length black hair flowed down her back and her expressive dark eyes reflected her good sense of humour. She also has wide smiling lips that revealed her a pierced tongue whenever she laughed. 

She is a friendly and lively girl with a cheerful manner and a quick attractive smile that can melt the coldest of hearts.  Florida had only come to the UK from the Philippines 3 years ago but her English was excellent. She told me that she was recently divorced from her Filipino husband who also worked as a nurse at the hospital after she had caught him cheating with her best friend. She was certainly a bit of a flirt the way she looked at me, laughed, flipped her hair and touched her my arm and you could tell she was comfortable around men. After chatting her up and buying her drink I asked her to dance a little slow number with me and soon she was wiggling her firm body against me.  She was wearing tight jeans the showed a black thong behind and a short halter top cut high above the waist. I kissed her open mouthed as we danced and felt her body and she willingly returned my embrace. One thing led to another and after a short period of dating and passionate loving we were married and she moved in to live with me in my appartment.

Our relationship was good at first and we seemed to get along fine. We had a normal sex life and enjoyed each other's company. I guess that towards the end of the second year trust started to become a bigger issue for me. It was little things at first, the increasing number of late night shifts she seemed to be doing at the hospital on last minute notice, the extra hours she put in and the numerous texts she would receive in her tagalong language which were gibberish to me. They came at all hours and from women as well as Filipino men. When I questioned her about it she shrugged it off, said they were from Philippines or work colleague she had always known. I guess jealousy is always multiplied when you are living with a very attractive super hot younger wife and it did not take long for me to start questioning how and with who she was spending that time and what she got up to when I went away on business. One day however I happen to notice a hickey on her boobs while I was fucking her and I became terribly jealous and angry but I did not say anything. I knew for sure I had not put it there so I guessed that she had been cheating on me and that sneaked her lover into our apartment when I had been out. I kept thinking about another man fucking my wife as I kissed her lovingly.. I wanted to forget it had ever happened but there was no way I could. In the morning I discreetly checked her panties and found patches of white dried sperm there. My imagination ran wild. Did she have a lover or several? Did I know them? I even wondered if she was working as an oriental escort doing those outcalls from London hotels at 200 an hour. I knew that Asian women viewed prostitution different to us, thinking that a call girl as dispenses happiness and should be compensated like everyone else and that they do see sex and love as the same. After all she was not my property and had the right to live her own life and satisfy her own needs without me her husband getting in the way. I spent a sleepless night thinking about my wife cheating on me but somehow although I was angry and jealous and felt betrayed, I was also very aroused by the whole idea of another man cuckolding me and fucking my wife. Of a stranger making her climax and filling her beloved lustful pussy with his seed.

2.	Florida decides to fuck another man

My wife returned home from her work shift at the hospital the next day in a state of unusual excitement. She seemed both troubled and aroused. As soon as she came in she insisted on having sex straight away. She attacked me, kissing me feverishly. Thoughts of my wife's infidelity still fresh in my mind, rather than give in to her as I usually do, happy to oblige a horny wife, I decided quite uncharacteristically to get to the bottom of matters as my suspicions were telling me to.  I kept imagining my lovely wife getting a vigorous and lengthy fucking, taking a stranger's cock into her soft wet cunt while being fucked by some well-hung stud. Fighting her off - she seemed determined to do everything she could to try to get my cock into her - I tried to find out what had turned her on.

Reluctantly Florida admitted that she had had an encounter with a new co-worker. His name was Charlie and he was a Korean who was working as a nurse at the hospital. She told me he was quite cute. He had come on to her and tried to kiss her and asked her to feel feel his cock, she admitted with a nerveous smile, looking at my reaction. I smiled in encouragement and told her to continue. Becoming more bold and open, she told me that she had tried to move away but that she had brushed up against him. She couldn't help but feel his erection through his pants. As she told me this, she licked her lips obviously troubled and admitted her was gigantic. She had never imagined anything so big. I knew my hot Filipinna bride was fantasing about the guys big long cock. She nearly came immediately, he made her so hot. My cock had grown very hard listening to her. She admitted that Charlie had reached up under her skirt and that she had done nothing to stop him from feeling her up. As he had sent his finger into her damp sleeve, he had told her that he wanted to fuck her and that she would enjoy. 

"My pussy was so wet I nearly came," she gasped, her face flushed.
"And?" I asked, caressing her pussy. It was wet again just htinking about the episode.
"I refused, of course." She replied with insincere outrage.
 "But did you want that man's cock in you?" I insisted.
She tried to jerk away and begged me to fuck her now.
"I don't want to speak about it anymore..." Florida protested.
"Answer me..." I insisted.
She laughed evilly and kissed me on the lips.
"Why, does it turn you on?" She asked.
"Yes...." I replied. "The idea of you fucking his big dick turns me on."
  "Are you serious? You don't mind me fucking another man? Would you like that?" She asked, astonished.

In that moment I knew that I would be able to allow my wife to have sex with her well-endowed co-worker. I knew that I would definitely regret it though. Knowing that my pretty wife has had sex with another man would always be there between us.  My wife would no longer respect me after that but at the same time the whole idea of her cuckolding me turned me on incredibly. I was angry, jealous but horny at the same time. 

"Do you want me to open my legs to him and let another man fuck me? Do you want to watch him stretch your wife's tight pussy with his large cock? " She said blushing."You fucking love me. You'll do anything for me, won't you... Would you like to see that? Another man's cum in my pussy?"
"Yes...   Especially if I could watch or failing that eat your cum-filled pussy after you have been fucked..." I managed.

Her face was flushed and I could see that my reply had left her shocked. At the same time she appeared tremendously aroused. My sexy faithful babe had turned into cock hungry whore lusting for another man's dark cock.


"And it would not make you jealous or mad to watch Charlie fucking me? You could never take away the fact that he had stuck his cock into my pussy and cum there. Would you really be able to cope with that?" She asked. She could not believe that I her husband would let her do that and experience another cocks in the marriage.

I had taken my cock out now. It was very hard. She looked down and licked her lips, taking the instrument in one hand and slowly stroking it up and down the full length of the stem.

"It would turn me on watching you with another man..." I stuttered. I was so horny. 

"Would you like me to do that to you? If you want me to get fucked. You have to be sure. You need to tell me right now that you want to let a stranger fuck me. That you won't mind finding my freshly fucked pussy full of his hot, wet and sticky cum." Her little hand squeezed my cock and holding it firmly, she ran the tip of my hard cock over her wet pussy groove. Her juices smeared my shinny shaft as I slipped inside her and groaned:

"Oh, yes..."
"Okay, then. But remember. Even if it makes you jealous, you can't change your mind anymore now."
 "No." I said. " I want you to be happy. I really want you to enjoy his cock no matter what." I heard myself say.
"I'm going to be happy because I'm going to get a big juicy cock in my pussy. I want his cock real bad too, honey." She purred. "I want to fuck him so bad I can't wait. I'm so horny for his cock, honey. I hope it does not upset you that I want him to fuck me, " She whispered in my ear. "I want that big fucking cock in my pussy. Does that turn you on?"
"Yes," I managed in reply.

As she spoke her hips thrust at my pelvis sending in small burst of pleasure through my loins. I could feel her hips grinding hard on me. I was aroused beyond belief by her wanton behaviour. She had decided to let Charlie be the man who cuckolded me. I found myself quickly agreeing that she would invite him back home the next day and let him fuck her like a slut. I would hide and watch from the next room. 

She kissed me passionately and we fucked wildly like animals that night. It was a memorable night as we fucked first with her on top then doggie style. I was not fucking her. She was fucking me.  Finally she collapsed in near exhaustion, her chest resting upon mine, while my still hard dick was lodged in her cunt. I knew I would soon be seeing my loving wife  cumming on Charlie's massive cock like a bitch in heat if tonight was anything to judge by. I was tremendously aroused knowing she would soon be fucking a man better endowed than myself. Watching his horny cock fucking her like a slut while I watched. 

3.	Charlie fucks my wife Florida

The next day went very slowly for both of us. She spent a lot of time getting ready for work.  She was ages in front of the mirror getting all tarted-up with her red lipstick, blush and heavy make-up. I was feeling very aroused watching my wife prepare for a visit from another man. She was getting ready to be fucked. I started to caress and kiss her. She kissed me back.

"Are you excited about Charlie coming over?" I asked her.
"Oh yes," She replied kissing me passionately on the lips. "I can't wait to feel his cock inside me... He's so much bigger than your little pathetic little tiny penis. Tell me you want to see me get fucked by a big fucking cock?"
"I like watching you getting fucked by another man." I replied.
"I'm going to give him Viagra honey so his big cock can fuck me harder. Wait till I get back honey..." She said.

Looking into her shining and excited eyes I realized she ready for another man. She would soon be feeling another man's cock inside of her under the watchful and approving eye of her faithful husband. I began to rub her wet opening. She was ready for Charlie all right. She pushed my hand gently but firmly away. She wanted the other man in her pussy first.

"You must wait, honey. Please don't spoil it for me." She said with a little frown. "Don't worry you can sneak in and watch him fuck me then if you are good I will let you eat out my pussy afterwards."

I pouted and went downstairs waiting for her to finish dressing. She appeared dressed for work a in a real cock-teaser slut outfit - a very short tight micor-mini, stockings high heels and heavy make-up. Her tube top that showed up her hard nipples underneath and her skirt barely covered her pussy. She had no real excuses for dressing like she I thought angrily, aroused in sptie of myself.

 "How do I look?" She asked. She was absolutely stunning and so sexy.
"Like a bargirl." I replied as she spread her legs.
She laughed and said:
"It's your fault I look like a whore. I hope you do not complain afterwards..."
I knew that this was going to happen and there was nothing I was going to do about it. She was preparing her tight pussy for his big cock. Charlie would soon have the  of putting his dick in her hot pussy and mouth. I knew my hot wife was in for some dirty wife swapping action. She told me how much she loved me and gave me a hug and passionate kiss. I was prepared to be passive and just watch someone else pleasuring my wife.
I watched anxiously from the other room as she brought Charlie into the living room. He was quite tall for a Korean and well built.

"Aren't you married?" I heard Charlie ask my wife.
"I am, but my husband is a cuckold. I do whatever I like," she replied with a wry smile.

 He took her in his arms and kissed her deeply, pressing his body against hers. Her arms were around his neck, his tongue deep in her mouth. She was overwhelmed with desire and arousal. As he pulled her closer, she could feel him hard against her thigh. She grasped his cock through his pants and stroked him to full arousal. She appeared a quite flushed and aroused. Her breathing was heavy.
Florida began to strip, pulling aside her tight top to reveal a small firm breasts and pointed dark nipple. She lent forwards and allowed Charlie to fondle both her tits and lick her nipples. He began rapidly finger fucking her with the middle finger of his right hand. I watched as my unfaithful wife whimpered. After fondling her breast  and pussy he put his thumb in her mouth and she eagerly sucked it. Florida wriggled out of her skirt and began to undress Charlie.  Straddling him, they kissed and she sank down to undo his trousers. 
A huge solid 10 inch erection popped out and she licked her lips with lust. I sat there watching with my mouth wide. 
"I like a big cock." She said touching it possessively. "It's so much better than my husband's. It's 10 inches long. 
I want to have a baby with it. This is a real man's cock." Then she added louder for my benefit turning towards me: "You want to see him fuck your wife? See his big fat cock inside my pussy making me pregnant?" She called out.

His massive cock was hard and rigid as she began teasing, licking and sucking it.  I swallowed hard as she grasped the hard cock with both hands and began to lick and suck on the tip of it. I was nearly speechless at this beautiful sight. My emotions were torn between jealousy, embarrassment, and pure sexual lust for what I was seeing. Her pierced tongue licked the crown and teased him as she suck it. It was apparent that she loved to suck cock like a good little wife should. She worked on his massive cock with her mouth, then began stroking his shaft. Charlie began fucking her face, stuffing his thick cock in her mouth.  I watched as my slut wife dragged her tongue up and down the length of his dick, looking into his eyes.

"Do I look pretty with a big cock in my mouth?" She called out.

Florida's eyes were locked on her lovers' as half of his cock was stuffed into her mouth. I was not sure what her tongue was doing with it but it clearly drove Charlie crazy.  She pulled back, stroked it some more, then licked his balls and resumed sucking the big dark cock. I watched her working his cock with her mouth and tongue, rotating from side to side as she also moved up and down the shaft.
 
She gagged from the mouth fucking, but her lips were open wide and she got most all of it inside. He stood there, with his cock pointing straight out, hands on his hips, as this Asian wife on her knees eagerly sucked him. He closed his eyes as her head bobbed up and down faster now. She spent several minutes expertly sucking and licking his big saliva coated cock and loving every inch of it. 

My cock was rock hard by now watching my wife. I wanted to watch and listen as her lover fucked her until she came. She wiggled while she pulled down her thong revealing her smoothly shaven pussy. Florida suggested that they move the wife fucking into the bedroom so taking the man by the hand she lead him upstairs. I bit my lip. I could not follow know as the stairs were creeky and he would hear me. I had to miss part of this and wait until they were going at it. I began had my cock in my hand and I was stroking it desperate to keep up the erection. I listened to muffled kissing. There is nothing dirtier than your wife getting fucked by another guy. After a few minutes I could hear the bed squeak and grunts and groans. I was aroused beyond belief as I snuck upstairs to peep at the couple having sex.

As I watched as she swung her legs over his head and straddled him. She sank down on his big dark cock. She was astride of himfacing away and already taking all his manhood into her pussy. Soon she was bouncing up and down, riding his shaft her boobs bouncing  as she slid up and down. His cock was entering fully into her little tight soaked pussy, pumping away this hot, horny woman's pussy. Her eyes were fixed on his, her legs pushed way back as he pounded her married pussy. His cock filled as she squeezed her thighs against his legs and fucked him right back, humping against the cock inside her. 

Seeing me out of the corner of her eye Florida turned around facing  me so she could watch me and ensure I had a better view of her hot fucking. He placed his hands under my horny wife's thighs to regulate the up and down motion of her wet cunt on his hard cock. His shaft was glistening with their juices.

She moaned: "Doesn't that cock look sexy inside me? You like watching me get fucked by his big fucking cock? He's fucking me so much better than you could. His cock is so much bigger than your little dick. He's stretching my little pussy wide open. His big fucking cock feels so good."


She slid up and down his shaft, riding it wildly, supporting herself by resting her hands on his thighs and looking down to see my cock disappearing into her tight cunt. She was groaning and moaning as she rode him faster and faster, pleasuring herself on his giant cock. I watched her adoringly enjoying her expression when the thick long cock of her new lover widened and stretched her cunt. I had an excellent view of the deep penetration for my cheating wife as she slamming her butt down on his shaft. She was loving it. As she lifted off I saw that the love juice was literally flowing now from her and the cock. It was obscene. My wife was making sounds and moaning more than I had never seen: 

"Yes! Fucking give me that cock! Oh yes I like that! Make that fucking cock cum inside my pussy. Make me cum all over your big cock. I want to cum all over your big fucking dick. Oh my God! It's so fucking good. Fill that fucking cunt up..." She groaned.

She was definitely enjoying this more than any sex that we ever had. She was getting fucked harder and deeper than ever. My sexy young wife was a little out of control and I guess I had got more than I bargained for. The site of a dark cock making my beloved wife scream and beg for it like cheap whores made me  aroused and grateful to my hot wife for fulfilling her fantasy. Instead of feeling anger and betrayed, I felt was a surge of lust and passion and a desire to allow my beloved wife to experience intense sexual pleasures. She gasped and yelped with his powerful thrusts as she dropped down his thick rod. She fucked him with shameless and wanton abandon until she climaxed repeatedly on a massive throbbing cock her beautiful body twisting in passion as she came nearly constantly like a bitch. He fucked her sweet little pussy into more than one loud screaming orgasm. My wife was being shared with another man right in front of me, her husband. Even though I admit I was more than a little bit jealous, I enjoyed it and I knew I would not stop her if she asked him  to come back and do it all over again.

After a while I watched my whore wife move onto her hands and knees. She grabbed a pillow, and put it under her stomach and then flopped down on it, her ass pointed upwards ready for another hard interracial fucking. Charlie moved up from behind and grabbed her hips with both hands and inserted his big Korean cock. Doggie -style, on her hands and knees was Florida's favourite position. I watched as Charlie's big cock entered by its full length into her repeatedly as he began fucking her hot married wet cunt again. He began giving her a hard, deep slut fuck, slamming into her. He was fucking her fast and furiously as she had to hang onto the sheets for dear life. My hot bitch loved the fucking so much that she bucked her hips into his cock whenever he paused for a moment. His neck and shoulders glistening with perspiration, he continues his vigorous fucking.

She was begging him like a bitch for more cock. My cock was jumping and I knew that I couldn't hold it much longer. He began to pump my wife again. She moaned and groaned with loud pleasure the whole time he was screwing her, pushing in and pulling out of this horny woman's pussy while she grasped the sheets for desperately. 

"Oh yeah fuck my tight little pussy! Oh I love that big fucking hard cock. It feels so good. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah fuck me. Make me cum all over your fucking dick deep inside my pussy in front of my husband. Oh yeah, fuck me harder with that big fucking cock. He fucks me so much better than you. I'm going to fuck him whenever I want to." She moaned continuously.


I watched as he pumped my hot slut furiously for several minutes. I could see Charlie sweating as he slammed his big rod deep into that hot married pussy. He was fucking my cheating wife very hard and fast, eliciting squeals of delight and yelps each time he shoved it up her cunt. Charlie was giving her the most vigorous pussy fucking I had ever seen and she was loving it. He filled her hungry hole to bursting. I suddenly realised with a sinking feeling that Charlie was unprotected as I saw sperm leak out from her cunt. She covered her mouth with the bed sheet to muffle the sound as she screamed in a tremendous orgasm. Her eyes  were rolling back into her head as Charlie repeatedly brought her off to a climax. I had been masturbating as I watched them and I nearly ejaculated too as the Korean filled her slut cunt with sperm in an attempt to inseminate her womb with an enormous quantity of vigourous sperm. I watched quietly wearing a slight smile, enjoying watching this well hung stud fuck my hot, dark-haired Filipina wife.  She was whimpering in her continued orgasm as the big guy blew his big load deep in her pussy and left cum all over her slit.
Oh shit!" he cried out 
He ejaculated again, blowing a second enormous  load into her cunt. After a moment he pulled out, goo still dripping from his big cum covered dick. Florida dipped a finger into the mess and brought it to her lips with a smile. I could clearly see the wedding band on her finger. Florida lay back naked on the sprawling out on the bed with a content grin on her face. She looked amazingly sexy and I wanted her so bad.
I quietly went into the spare bedroom to relieve myself. I heared a noise and I looked surprised up to see my naked wife slip into the bedroom. Her eyes were tired, her make-up a mess. She seemed promiscuously attractive. She looked at me in the eyes. I caught a malicious provocative and haughty gleam in them. She had behaved like a whore and seemed to have no regrets. 
 "I'm going to fuck your face with my ass and pussy." She declared.

As she came closer to me, I noticed the hickeys on her tits. She had cum over her hair, her breast and between her legs. She stood by the bed with her right hand held down in front of her, her pussy lips held closed between her fingers. 

She stood by the bed looking down at me and then bent over and kissed me. As she did, she pushed a mouthful of cum into my  mouth with her tongue. I choked for a moment with surprise and a thrill of disgust and delight then swallowed. She smiled maliciously and let out a scornful little laugh. She made me lie on my back and then she straddled my head. . The scent of sex was heavy all over her naked body and especially around the inside of her thighs. Her pubis was wet with sweat and spunk. She reached down and grabbed my hair with her right hand and pulled my head into her vagina. Spreading her pussy lips wide she leaned forward over my face, opened her legs wide and released her vaginal lips at the same time lowering her wet pussy onto my face. 
When she opened her legs I found that Florida's dirty, nasty little wet cunt had been stretched open by the Korean man's cock. Her pussy was red, the pussy lips puffy and swollen and looked recently fucked. Charlie's cum began to drip from her snatch onto my mouth and lips. Some fell aside wetting the bed. 
"That's so nasty. Eat his cum out of there. I want you to lick it all out." She said.

I had let another man fuck my girl. Her cunt was still full of his nasty, sticky cum! Florida now despised my weakness and wanted to humiliate me for allowing her to fuck another man in front of me. She wanted to punish me by making me to suck his sperm out of her pussy and lick her clean. She wanted to degrade me, to force me to submissively eat his manly hormones from her abused pussy so as to recognise the asian man's dominance and superiority over me and gain some strength from his virility. She was also telling me that from now on she could do whatever she wished with her body with whomever she pleased. She could take pleasure where she wanted and that I would have to accept it and obey her wishes. Until then she had been secretly unfaithful to me, cheating with other men behind my back. She had had a several affairs and two dozen one night stands up to now as she was very good looking and sexy. This had begun the week after our wedding by her fucking her Filipino supervisor at the hospital to get more shift hours. She still continued fucking him on a regular basis together with three other men. Now she could take her lovers in her pussy openly without any concern. She would make sure she always had a cock to please and pleasure her.
She straddled my face and now wanted me to lick her clean as a birth control measure since  I knew that she was not on the pill. Her pussy lips pressed against my mouth and the Korean's cum mingled with her female juices now flowed out and into my grateful open mouth. I licked and tasted the salty spunk from another cock. It tasted of both of her and her lover mixed together. It was musky and bitter sweet. He had filled her sluttish married pussy to the brim with his cum and her belly felt bloated. She winced in pain as I began to lick and suck her sore pussy. The sperm began to leak faster from her open pussy.  Florida bent down and took my penis into her mouth. I felt  her tongue flick over it electrifyingly.
"Get your tongue up there and suck it all out. Can you taste it? Tell me how much you love it... I want to see every drop gone." She moaned.
My probing tongue reached inside her deeper to try and reach more cum. I pushed it as far as I could go. I plunged forward, burying my face into her beautiful thick slick cum-frothing and leaking cunt. I had never eaten such a big juicy and dilated exotic fruit.
I could see that her nipples were clearly erect as I licked and sucked at her pussy. I was licking up and sucking and swallowing the sperm out of her stretched out cunt hole while she sucked at my cock. I was tongue-fucking her hole as she finger fucked herself and rubbed her clit with a circular motion. She wrapped her legs tighter around my head, forcing me against her used pussy and rubbed her pussy frantically against my face, suffocating me in her flesh. Meanwhile I tried to bury myself deep into her promiscuous womanhood, eating away at the semen as it ran from her freshly fucked pussy. To my delight, she continued to ooze him from deep inside her womb. Her cunt was so full of cum. 

"Suck me where I was fucked. I've been a nasty bitch tonight, baby... I let him stick his big cock my little pussy and my ass. He was fucking me and cumming in my pussy. He left my filthy pussy for you to eat sloppy seconds- I'm dripping... Eat the cum from my well fucked cunt. " She moaned.

My tongue was licking and cleaning a cunt where another man had discharged his sperm. It was the thought of what I was doing that was so exciting. The fact was that I was sucking and feasting my wife's freshly fucked pussy after she had been screwed by another male. 

She began squirming and pushing her pussy against my mouth, pasting my face hard against it.  My mouth was locked onto her slit. I felt her rub her pussy up and down my face as my tongues licked from side to side, slowly from left to right and then  back again. She continued to rub her pussy on my face, smearing my face with cum, marking me and making me realise how superior the female was and how enslaved to her that I was blindly ready to humiliate and debase myself for her unclean and corrupt pussy. Maybe if I cleaned her up real good I could keep her from getting knocked up, I thought desperately.

"Lick it out and eat up all that that cum. Get it good and ready for my stud again. I'm going to cum all over your face..." She groaned.

I licked her, my tongue moving in and out of her, making her squirm and wiggle as the frothy white seed in her pussy was lapped up. I was licking and sucking my cheating wife's pussy, pulling on her vaginal lips, flicking her clit with my tongue. She was moaning again, getting off on my tongue. My face was covered with cum, getting her more and more excited. My face was buried in her wet pussy as she stroked me and I came in her mouth. She contracted her pussy muscles and caused big globs of sperm to be ejected from her used hole. I had no choice but to gulp them down as she forced them into my mouth. 

After we had finished I had lapped up all I could and she sensed this and stood up. She kissed me on and said "goodnight baby" before returning back to her lover for second helpings. All the work I had just done was wasted. He would be unloading another burst of sperm inside her tubes.

4.	Happily After

I had watched them in action, fucking like dogs in heat right in front of me. When Charlie left, Florida admitted that the feeling she experienced when he penetrated her was absolutely beyond description. He had left her feeling so full, so satisfied and really stretched out by his huge cock. 

A couple of days later Florida did not come home from work. I called her up and she told me that she was busy and that she would be spending the night at Charlie's. I felt tremendously jealous and upset. After a couple of hours I got a call. It was Charlie. He simply said:

"I'm fucking your wife with my big dick."

Charlie had already started sliding his massive cock into her. With the phone pressed to her ear she began groaning. She set the phone on the bed as Charlie fucked her. I listened with horror, disbelief and arousal to her gasps, whimpers and groans in the receiver. Then reached over, picked up the receiver, and hold it directly in front of her face as she yelped, whimpered and groaned while he continued his hot, wild, wife fucking. He was power fucking her as she held on desperately to the receiver.

My naughty wife soon really loved our new lifestyle. She has no intention or remaining faithful to me or going back to being a monogamous wife. She enjoyed her new sexual freedom and I knew that my lovely wanton wife was continuing to see and to fuck other men. At the same time she asked of me that I keep my cock exclusively for her. I gladly agreed as I love my wife and enjoy her cuckolding me.

Unsurprisingly, Florida soon got knocked up. I watched with wonder and pleasure as her belly grew. She kept her lover Charlie nearby at all times and I know that he at least continued to fuck her throughout she was pregnant. After all he was strong, handsome and virile stud and he could give her what she wanted and needed. When she popped all would see that it contained her lover's baby and that it would not look at all like me or any of my other children. Although she argued the child was mine, I took blood sample when the baby was 11 months old and sent them off for a DNA test. My suspicions were correct: I was definitely not the father. She has never been certain precisely who the father is as I later found out that Charlie had been but one of many other lovers she had experienced sexual intercourse with while she cheated on me. I guess I should have suspected this as she was rarely ever home and her pussy was always so stretched out and so full of other guys' spunk whenever I went down on her. It took several cocks to fill it so much every day.
