Cas enters Dean's dream for some reason. He is surprised to find that Dean is currently having a pleasant dream involving a very naked Cas. Dean freaks out that Cas is in his dream until he realizes that Cas is turned on. Cas and dream!Cas both get it on with Dean at the same time.

Dean knows it's a dream, of course it's a dream. He's at a small intimate gig played by Led Zepplin in their glory years and they're singing his favourite songs by all his favourite bands, and there's really only him and Cas and the beer is Czech and on tap and the bar is open = of course it's a dream, but it's a bloody good one.

And because it's a dream he can grope Cas's ass and grind as Robert Plant croons "you are the reason I can't control myself" and Cas is kissing him, and he's lost that awful flasher mac and switched it for old black jeans and a band tee with leather straps around his wrist because Dean didn't even know he had a Cas wrist kink but he does now and it's perfect.

"Don't stop on my account." Another Cas says from the opposite side the room. His eyes are dull and his lips glistening, in that awful cheap suit Dean can see the flush of arousal on his neck, his ears and Dean just thinks "this is the best dream ever!"
Holding Rock!Cas's wrist in one hand he walks across the small dancefloor to Regular!Cas and kisses him, long and deep, trying to scour the taste of him out of the other's mouth, as the rock!Cas grinds against him. "I'm not your dream, Dean," Regular!Cas says pulling away, a line of saliva joining them still.

Dean started back, the words "oh fuck" forming on his lips because this was it, Cas might not smite him for dreaming about him, but kissing him, and kissing him like that, all wet and sloppy and tongue - that was a one way ticket to a smoking crater.

"What makes you think you couldn't have had this if you just asked?" And even in this Cas is cold, distant and alien. He looks across at the band and everything changes. THey're in a hotel room and there is music playing, for him, Cas and Dream!Cas, strings and a beat box and a throaty woman's voice. "I want to watch you," Castiel is saying as he gestures to the huge white bed, "I want to see what you do, what you want to do, I want to watch him," he looks at his dream self, "make you come undone." He grabs his dreamself and kisses him, hard, "but there are rules of what I will allow you and what I will do to you. Show me, Dean, just how far you can push me."

And the song is super sexy as DreamCas pulls his tee over his head, the sleeve catching in the leather straps around his wrist, "I'm so tired of playing, playing with this bow and arrow," the woman sings on the radio, "for I've been a temptress too long."

"Don't touch him, Dean," Castiel chides from the chair as he sits down, "just let him touch you." And Dean knows now that Cas is completely in control as Dream!Cas undoes his shirt and unwraps him like a gift. Caressing with his eyes and but not his hands, and that leather strap the only thing he's wearing because this is a dream and these are the details that linger.

Then Cas' mouth is on his nipples, his hands stroking up the sides him and the other Cas is watching, his gaze impassive and almost cold but Dean knows, knows! that Cas is controlling this, that Cas is watching as dream!cas squeezes down on his midriff, biting into the cords of his neck and shoulder and all Dean can do is buck uslessly because he can feel everything but he's so warm and comfortable and loved and this is a dream and he can't quite move.

Even when, completely ignoring his erection, not enhanced by it being a dream, dream!Cas lowers his tongue and licks, tentative at first then strong deep laps that feel like he's trying to scour the skin away and just touch Dean's nerves and Dean is making porn star noises, he knows it, he can't help it, as dream!Cas points his tongue and spears it inside.

"I know what you want, Dean," Castiel says from the chair as he stands up, coat gone, and undoes his belt, "dreams are reality to me and I know your soul," and the woman is singing "give me a reason to love you, give me a reason to be a woman." And Dean knows what he wants, he wants Cas' dick inside him so far he can taste it in his throat, he wants it in his mouth so far down his throat he can feel it in his ass.

And dream!Cas climbs up his body, cock nudging at his lips, wet and slick and such a dark red, and behind him Cas is nudging at his ass, worked open and slicked by his doppleganger and Dean still can't quite move when Cas manhandles his legs around his hips and the other works open his mouth to force his way inside.

"I just want to be a woman," the woman sings as Cas and Dream!Cas both push inside, one pulling out along his tongue as the other pushes in against his skin and he is coming undone, he's going to explode into the cacophony of guitars in the song, "don't you start being a man," she sings and he is grunting against the cock in his mouth, running along his tongue, fucking his mouth in counterpoint but the same rhythm as the cock in his ass and they've barely touched him, used him to take their pleasure and it's so fucking good.

When Cas comes they do it together, messily inside him and over his face, then Dream!Cas is gone, because this is a dream, and real Cas is kissing him, licking the other him's semen from Dean's face. "You could have this and more," Cas is whispering against his ear, "you only have to ask." And Dean wants to ask, he does, he wants more than anything to ask, but instead the song rolls over and Dean rolls over into Cas, burying his face in Cas' neck because that's safe, as the angel strokes his hands down his back, "anything you want," Castiel reassures, "as always it's always for you."