Every May Day the Malfoys gave an enormous party. From their vast Wiltshire estate, they summoned everyone who was anyone in the wizarding world (and some who were not, but knew someone who was). While the Snapes had occasionally received an invitation to a smaller Malfoy gathering by virtue of their Slytherin connections, they had never been invited to the Beltane revels -- a point of frustration with Severus' mother, though Severus himself had always been relieved, because May Day meant dancing and he did not dance.

But this year was different. This year Lucius had mentioned to Severus that of course the Snapes would attend the May Day celebration. This year an engraved invitation had been delivered to the Snape home by a glorious white owl, meaning that Severus' mother saw it before he did. Even if he might have come up with an excuse for Lucius concerning his family, or an excuse for his parents concerning Lucius, he could not resist pressure from all of them. The formal response was winging to the elder Malfoys before they had returned from their travels, though of course Severus couldn't tell his parents how he knew that. Delighted though they were that their son and Lucius Malfoy had become friends, their attitude would have changed entirely if they came to realize where Severus was spending his nights.

Lucius surprised him with a gift for the party, a vest in a deep shade of emerald, insisting that Severus could not wear black to a celebration of spring and moreover that the color would make him appear less pale, more festive, more attractive to Bellatrix Black who was so looking forward to seeing him...this last said with a wink and a smirk. Narcissa would be Lucius' official date, and although her sister would undoubtedly end up marrying someone of similar wealth and status, Bellatrix was rumored to be wilder -- not a tart, but feral and hungry.

Severus dared not confess any uneasiness to Lucius at the prospect of spending an evening with Bellatrix, let alone his terror at the hint that she might wish to claim the night as well. His lack of experience with women was shameful enough without giving Malfoy something else to taunt him about. But he could, and did, state his concern at the one aspect of the festivities where he most feared making a fool of himself, not just in the presence of a single woman but in full view of the entire assembly:

"I can't dance."

It seemed as if Lucius had been hoping for just such an opportunity. Smiling broadly, he led Severus to the cavernous ballroom, unused for nearly the entire year. "I'll teach you," he promised. Then, seeing the horror on Severus' face, he added, "Don't you want to dance with me?"

"I don't want to dance," explained Severus, feeling himself blushing faintly. "Perhaps it would be best if I arrived with a bandage on my leg..."

"You will do no such thing," Lucius interrupted him. "I bought you this lovely vest so that you could move in it." Indeed the vest was less confining than any Severus had previously owned, as Lucius insisted on demonstrating, twirling Severus around with his arms over his head like a child's toy and embarrassing him greatly, though there was no malice in Lucius' smile. In fact, he seemed genuinely to enjoy demonstrating footwork, turns, the occasional pose. "People dance at parties because it's fun, not as a form of torture," he insisted.

"You're intent on teaching me how to dance," sighed Severus. "I'll make a fool of myself."

"No one will be here to see. It's just us. I know you learn quickly. You'll be surprised." With a snap of his fingers, Lucius called, "Symphonia!" Instantly a waltz began to play.

Shifting his feet, Severus looked at the floor, but made no real effort to escape as the older man stepped close, his scent filling Severus' nostrils. "Come here, and put your hand on my waist," he said, waiting for Severus to do so before resting his own hand on Severus' shoulder and shifting his hip and elbow to adjust the position of their arms. "Like this. With a woman, you'll want your hand nearer her lower back. And you'll want to be standing closer, but now you need to be able to see my feet. Now, watch."

Severus was still blushing, but not because of his ineptitude as a dancer; he was having difficulty not thinking about how good his partner smelled and responding to it. He tried to move with Lucius, but kept stepping on his toes, anticipating an angry scolding. Lucius often seemed not to understand that not everyone had grown up with dance lessons, music lessons, quidditch practice...at least, Lucius seemed to believe that the people who had not had such things were not worth knowing. It made Severus tense, which made any attempt at dancing even more difficult. Yet somehow the frustration only heightened his arousal.

Moving Severus' hand lower on his hip, Lucius caught his eye and smiled encouragingly. "You're going to have to let me lead, but you should keep in mind that you'll be doing what my feet are doing," he lectured. "Don't worry about perfecting the steps. The important thing is to move with assurance. Women would rather dance with a confident partner who misses steps than with a meticulous partner who's more worried about watching his steps than watching her."

"All right," Severus replied, trying to hide his impatience. "Do you honestly think anyone will want to dance with me?"

"Of course they will. Women enjoy power; they can smell it. If you demand that a woman dance with you, she will want to show off for you even if she doesn't know your name."

"I don't particularly want a woman I don't know showing off for me."

"Have you not noticed that men notice a man who can attract women so confidently?" Considering this -- for he had certainly watched Lucius ensnaring women before he had had any hope, himself, of catching the older man's eye -- Severus lost track of his feet and very nearly stepped on Lucius' foot. "You're being tentative," snapped Lucius. "Turn sharply! Move as if the floor obeys your feet."

"I can't move that way when I don't know what I'm doing."

"If you look and move as if you know what you're doing, women will follow. You're a Slytherin, from a pureblood family -- you need to show your pride!"

"I'll take your word for that." There was little question that Lucius had the effect on Severus that he predicted Severus might have on a partner, standing so close, moving him with such practiced ease to the graceful music. "I still doubt that they would follow me as they do you." Again he stumbled over his lover's foot.

"Let's try something slower. Here, it's a simple three-step. Come closer." Another command spoken to the air and the music changed; the room must have been enchanted, with the melodies somehow built into its fabric to be summoned by a word. Severus moved hesitantly, knowing that Lucius would be able to feel that there were other things he'd rather be doing, and sure enough, as the other man's thigh brushed his pelvis, he heard an indrawn breath, followed by a snort. "You know, if you find yourself in such a condition on the dance floor, you really ought either to beg off or invite the lady upstairs. And there, you see...you do like dancing."

"I like dancing with you." Against his better judgment, Severus looked up from his study of their feet and pressed his lips against Lucius' mouth. For a moment he encountered resistance, then Lucius melted against him, pressing close and returning the kiss. Encouraged, Severus wrapped his arms around him.

"You're never going to learn to dance like this," scolded Lucius when they broke for air, though he was smiling and there was no bite in his voice. When Severus hummed noncommittally, Lucius began to spin him toward the back of the room, shuffling him forward with his hips.

By the time they had reached the wall, Lucius was as hard as he was. Feigning a frown of concern, Severus said, "I've never seen anyone dance like this, Lucius."

"We'll dance later," Lucius growled, working at Severus' clothes while he continued to kiss him. "That is, if you can stand...and if you can't, you can put your feet on top of mine and I'll put a weightlessness charm on you so I can dance and you can follow my movements." Looking thoughtful for a moment, Lucius slid Severus' robes to the floor, but whatever he was pondering seemed to slip away as well as his fingers found what they had been seeking and squeezed it. "You can't dance in such a state, anyway. This will surely get in the way."

Severus moaned. "It is distracting."

"It's distracting to me, too." Still squeezing, Lucius ground his still-clothed body against Severus' naked one, pressing him into the wall until he squirmed and bucked against Lucius, thrusting himself into Lucius' welcoming palm. Reaching out, Severus' fingers tangled in the front of Lucius' robes, tugging the older man's upper body close for another kiss. With another mysterious smile, Lucius suspended his wand in midair, then began to remove his own clothing, which was Severus could not bear to stand and watch; he helped him eagerly, stroking the smooth pale skin, letting Lucius' hair fall over his hands.

Retrieving his wand from where it floated beside them, Lucius took a step back. "This gives me an idea, and I want to try something," he said. "Wingardium leviosa!" As if Severus were a bird riding a puff of warm air, he felt his feet leaving the ground, lifting him away from the wall to float free. For a moment it was terrifying, for did not know whether the spell would hold him upright or whether the slightest of gestures would tip him headfirst, but after hovering for a few seconds he discovered that he had a surprising amount of control. His body moved much more obediently than when they had been dancing, lifting and swooping him closer to Lucius when he bent that way and sending him soaring upward when he flung himself back. It was like a dream of flight.

"Do you know the Muggle tale about the boy who could fly by thinking happy thoughts?" he asked Lucius.

The older man frowned slightly at the mention of Muggles, but his clear blue eyes lit with recognition. "Happy thoughts and fairy dust," he nodded. "Probably based on some poor Muggle's childhood contact with the magical world, never forgotten, and turned into a legend. As I recall, the 'fairy' caused quite a bit of trouble." Grinning, he shoved at Severus' foot, sending him spinning, but Severus had already discovered that he could suspend any movement if he bent the right way, and Lucius gazed at him with a sort of admiration. "You look...graceful," he said. "I should have taught you to dance this way in the first place. Are you thinking happy thoughts?"

In fact Severus had no room for any thoughts but happy ones. The unexpected thrill of flight had made all his embarrassment and anger float away, though his arousal remained. "I am," he admitted. Swooping closer, he held out a hand, expecting Lucius to join him, but the older man's fingers instead closed about his hips, holding him steady with his groin at the level of Lucius' mouth. "Oh." Looking down at the wicked grin poised so near his flesh, Severus swallowed, stroking his fingers through Lucius' hair as, still smiling, Lucius leaned forward to lick the head of his cock. With a moan Severus locked his ankles together around Lucius' back.

Reaching up with both hands, Lucius rubbed Severus' nipples while he took him into his mouth, slowly sucking more and more of him inside. Severus covered one of the hands with his own, leaving the other tangled in silky soft hair. Wriggling his fingers free, Lucius took them down Severus' body to his cock and slid them up while his mouth moved down, humming long and loud, making Severus gasp and whimper. A moment later Lucius found that by pushing forward with his shoulders, he could make Severus float away a bit and come back by sucking him in, and he chuckled as he made the most of the discovery.

Severus uttered a soft oath, clutching at Lucius' shoulders, still moaning at the feel of the mouth around his cock. The notion that pleasure could send one aloft had always seemed ridiculous to him, yet now he could not imagine an end to the charm and the joyous freedom it offered. Though Lucius did not stop nudging Severus around like a balloon, he got one of his fingers wet with saliva and began to run it around the opening to Severus' body, probing gently there. "Fuck. Oh, fuck. Lucius," he moaned helplessly, trying to push down against Lucius' finger, but straight downward seemed to be the one direction in which his body refused to move, and he groaned in frustration. "Please! Don't tease me."

Pulling his mouth away from Severus, Lucius offered a conspiratorial grin. "All right," he said, and spun Severus in midair again, catching him from behind halfway around. With one hand on Severus' cock and another reaching for his own floating wand, he muttered a cleansing charm, bent his head and flicked his tongue against Severus' entrance.

The force with which Severus tossed his head as he cried out would have sent him floating away had Lucius not caught his thigh, holding him in place with one hand and beginning to stroke his cock again with the other. His tongue moved in swift eager licks, probing inside, which pushed Severus forward into his hand. "Oh fuck. Oh fuck, Lucius, yes." Severus could hear himself whimpering, reaching a hand toward the wall to ground himself, for he was certain that if he did not touch something solid, Lucius' tongue would send him floating upward until he smashed into the ceiling. Curving his back, spreading his knees as widely as he could, he cried out again as Lucius continued to fuck him with his tongue, clawing at the wall and at his own nipple until he shuddered and spurted over Lucius' hand.

The drops of semen seemed to be suspended by the same spell that kept Severus aloft, and Lucius opened his fingers to catch them as they slowly descended, rolling the liquid in his palm. "Now I want to fuck you," he growled, not a request, but Severus did not hesitate in his eager nod.

"Yes. Lucius. Please." Turning Severus to face himself, Lucius pulled him down so that Severus' feet nearly touched the ground until he bent them up with his knees, allowing Lucius to reach beneath and stroke his wet hand over the surface where his tongue had already traveled. One finger pressed inside, then two, making certain that Severus was indeed relaxed enough for this while Severus squirmed, trying to tell him wordlessly to get on with it. The older wizard's free arm braced Severus across the waist, keeping him positioned as Lucius wet the head of his own cock with semen and saliva before nudging it against Severus.

"Yes." Severus clutched at Lucius' shoulders, trying to wrap his legs around his lower back, "yes," and he curved painfully forward to kiss Lucius, "please." Gentleness was not working: Lucius' efforts to breach Severus' body were only making him float away. Finally Lucius pulled down on his hip and thrust up hard at the same time, shoving himself past the ring of muscle and making them both cry out in surprise. Body jerking, Severus groaned, keeping himself anchored to Lucius with his legs wrapped around him and holding on despite the spike of discomfort.

"Oh," Lucius gasped, making no effort to stop as his hips flexed back and forth. The floating spell did the rest, working with the earlier charm to make Severus slide effortlessly around him, nearly parallel to the floor. From this position he could watch Lucius as he never had before, the intense looks of concentration and delight as he watched himself fucking Severus, the hair floating back and forth across his shoulders with his movements. Moaning with each thrust of Lucius' hips, Severus felt himself getting hard again already and reached down to touch the budding erection, stroking shamelessly.

Lucius watched and groaned, rising up on his toes as he thrust, hips moving in a rhythmic circle almost as if he was dancing. "This feels so good," he murmured, as if surprised at the discovery.

"Yes," whispered Severus, "so good. Fuck me." He squeezed his legs tighter around Lucius, letting out little whimpers with each thrust, stroking himself to the same rhythm. "So good. Please..."

The rhythm faltered very suddenly as Lucius howled, closing his eyes and raising his head, face contorted as if in pain; he grunted a curse, flexed his hips once more, then his cock was abruptly sliding easily in the newly wet channel where he thrust and twitched. Jerking his own cock faster, much more desperately, Severus watched his lover's face as he recovered from his orgasm, unwilling to stop the movements that had brought him such pleasure. It took very little time for him to come again, spurting between their bodies and feeling the fluid splash on his belly. Pulling Severus upright as his own cock softened, Lucius held on to him, letting his face and his soft hair rest against Severus' sticky chest.

The charm that kept Severus afloat seemed slowly to be wearing off; his limbs felt heavier, his feet brushed the floor. Slowly, carefully, Lucius withdrew and set him on his feet. "Does it hurt much?" he asked. Resting his head against Lucius' shoulder, Severus tried to catch his breath and regain his balance. The pain was mild, but the loss of flight had left him feeling empty.

Lucius' wand had also fallen slowly, some distance away from where they now stood. Pushing his feet under Severus', he shuffled them over to it, dipping Severus as he bent to retrieve the wand. "I told you that you could dance," he insisted with a private wink. "Now, stop doubting me."

"I shall try," agreed Severus, trying not to wince. Quickly Lucius raised the wand and uttered a spell against pain, letting Severus step back to lean on the wall. "I wonder if it's possible for both of us to be floating. Do you suppose that we could manage enough control?"

"We would have to stay in very close contact." Lucius pressed shoulder to shoulder with him against the wall, hair tumbling onto Severus' skin. "We could suck each other off, flipping over in midair...or we could just float, like being in a bathtub, only without the water. We could hold onto each other by the ankles and do whatever we wanted with our hands. Or we could do it Eastern-style, sitting with our legs crossed over one another, breathing in sync..." His eyes were hazy with possibilities as he took Severus' hand, smiling almost dreamily before a naughty expression returned. "Of course, it might be more entertaining for you simply to suspend me in midair, immobilize my legs and fuck me."

Severus made a choking noise, clutching Lucius' fingers involuntarily. "Oh."

"Perhaps you should dance with Bellatrix several inches off the floor. Although...now that we've done this, I'm not certain I want you to share it." A faint frown creased Lucius' otherwise relaxed brow. "Though I don't suppose I can tell you how to behave at the party, once you're there -- May Day is known for some rather wicked behavior."

"And you know that I would rather spend it alone with you," retorted Severus before he had fully thought it through. He expected to be rebuffed and told that he was selfish and greedy, or at the very least to hear a lecture on Malfoy responsibilities, but he received only an oddly wistful smile.

"You're alone with me now. And all this exercise has made me tired -- let's Apparate to my bedroom and recover." His other arm came around Severus' waist, so that for a moment they were holding each other as if at the start of a waltz, hands clasped, hip to hip, and Severus knew that he had been wrong to think that he would not enjoy dancing.

With a soft sigh he held on to his partner for the brief moment allowed him before it all disappeared -- the ballroom, the music, the happy thought that any of this could remain his own.