For the love of God, Cloud knew he shouldn't have gone out drinking with Yuffie that night. She needed company, no one else was available, and he was bored. Tifa had been busy at the time and he thought, Why not? I've been able to handle her pretty well in the past. He didn't think that he would actually have something to regret that evening and yet, here he was, absolutely miserable.

It had all started with a mysterious blue shot that Yuffie had brought from the bar to their table. At first, Cloud had soundly rejected the shot. After twenty minutes of whiny wheedling, he caved and took the shot all in one gulp.

Yeesh, he had thought. Something in there wasn't good. Can alcohol go bad?

"What was in there?" He had asked Yuffie over the loud company at the adjacent table.

"Blue coconut and vodka," she shouted. She was already a few sheets to the wind at that point. Cloud had begun seriously regretting accompanying Yuffie at all, but it was the odd grin that came with her words that made him wary.

At some point, he simply got up and left. The trek home was uneventful, except that he noticed that the pit of his stomach was unusually warm. Weird – and I didn't really have anything to drink besides that one shot.

He and Tifa met at the front door of their home, Tifa having just come home from the liquor store. Cloud thought that to be strange – shouldn't Tifa be opening the bar by now?

"My customers won't mind if I'm a few minutes late," Tifa said in reply to his question. "Besides, business has been a little slow these days. My customers usually come in much later."

He was helping Tifa store the liquor bottles under the counter and in the cabinets of the bar when it hit. His ears and cheeks felt as though they were burning and his heart was pounding. While he was straightening his legs, his pants brushed against him. He realized that he was as erect as if he and Tifa were about to have a wild round. The thought might have been funny if Tifa had not been innocently standing beside him, stocking the bar and making small talk.

He nodded and made brief replies to her questions, trying his hardest to cover himself up. Cloud excused himself and ducked into the restroom for bar customers. He stumbled into the nearest stall, leaned over the toilet and began stroking himself. Unbidden, a certain woman came to his mind. Long legs. Silky hair that always smelled like home. And, of course, beautiful breasts. He heard her impassioned, sensual cries in his mind. It took him seconds before he came.

He tried to encourage the usual sleepiness that came after sex and tell himself the sudden libido attack was over, but the heat in his body only worsened. To his horror, he watched as his length stiffened again.

Without a shadow of doubt, this was weird. What had he done differently this evening? His mind flipped through the highlights of his brief foray with Yuffie and his mind latched upon the mysterious blue shot. It had tasted bad, but had been something in there besides vodka. And she had given it to him with a smile!

"Yuffie, I'm going to kick your ass halfway across Gaia," he grumbled aloud.

His erection nagged for relief. He stroked and rubbed harder than he had before – maybe this time it would end?

Cloud came into his hand, but even as he came, he still felt as though he could come again.

After coming a third time, he stared in outrage at his throbbing, still erect member.

He tried of thoughts to make him "wilt," such as violent things to be done to his member: the threat of being nailed to Tifa's bar's hardwood floor, of being smashed with his hammer, or being slammed in a door. Nothing worked. It wasn't enough to admit defeat because it wouldn't solve his problem. Cloud wondered how long whatever drug Yuffie had slipped him would last.

At least no one's around, he thought. Just then, he heard the bathroom door open and Tifa's voice.

"Hey, are you okay in here?" She called.

"I'm fine," Cloud muttered, trying (and failing) to keep the aroused strain out of his voice.

A pause.

"Are you sure? You don't sound so good," Tifa said.

Cloud couldn't bring himself to reply.

He heard the bathroom door close and Tifa's footfalls towards his stall. She knocked on the door.

"Ne, what's going on?" She queried.

"Nothing," he replied. God, that won't set her off on twenty questions!

"Do you need help?" Tifa asked.

Oh, that would be amazing…wait, no. That wouldn't be amazing. That would be terrible. You're my best friend, not some two-Gil whore. And that's all I'd basically be using you for – to get off until this goddamn aphro wears off. And in the name of all things holy, I don't want to use you like that. I love you…

"Uh, no, thanks," Cloud said. Dammit, your voice was pitched too high. Now she's going to know something's up.

Another pause.

Tifa knocked on the door again.

"Can you unlock the door for me?" She asked.

Oh, God.

"No, no, I can't," he stammered. "I…you don't want to see…"

"I just want to help if I can," she replied, clearly concerned.

There it is, the one tone of voice of hers I can never stand against.

Cloud took a deep breath. And then unlocked the door without a word.

The door didn't open immediately. When it did, her eyes focused first on his red face, then on his pants on the ground. Then she focused on his engorged cock still in his cum-covered hand.

Embarrassment, horror and shame warred for space in Cloud's brain at the sight of his best friend's mouth dropping open. Tifa quickly averted her eyes.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt…" Tifa's words tumbled over one another. "I thought you were in trouble."

May as well go for broke.

"I am," he said, dropping the thin veneer of control at last. "Yuffie gave me some kind of blue shot. She said it had alcohol, but it really had some sort of aphro. I don't know how long this is going to last or if I'm going to walk around like this for the rest of my life, but…"

Tifa threw her arms around him. Cloud couldn't have been more stunned if Barrett had announced his desire to live as a woman for the rest of his life.

He felt Tifa sigh against him.

"Cloud," she began, "I have a confession to make."

Cloud's brain was quick, despite his frustratingly priapic condition. He made a snap conclusion.

"You told Yuffie to slip me the aphro?" He asked.

Please say you did…wait. Please say you didn't…?

Another pause.

"I didn't tell her to give you an aphro, but..." she sighed again. "I told her that I wanted more...out of us and…I think she took it the wrong way."

Cloud's stomach unknotted itself in relief. So the aphro had been all Yuffie's idea.

Tifa spoke up.

"All the same, I don't want you going around like that. It looks painful," she said.

"No, just…sensitive," he replied. The word sensitive rang in his mind and he resisted the urge to begin stroking again. You're not that much of an animal – not in front of her!

Tifa put her hand on her hip.

"Well, what would you like to do?" She asked.

I want to kiss you, hold you, tell you that I've always loved you and fill you until I hear your screams.

"I…don't know," Cloud replied lamely.

Tifa took a deep breath and wrung her hands, gazing at his bright red member.

"Let me try something," she said, lifting her chin.

She smeared the cum from his hand onto hers and took a deep breath. Tifa stepped in front of him and wrapped her warm, calloused yet soft around his cock. He came immediately upon contact.

Tifa looked surprised. "My goodness, you are in a bad way," she said.

He was almost too old to cry. Almost. Cloud stared in horror as the evidence of his fourth orgasm pooled in her hand and dripped between her fingers.What have I done – to us?

Tifa threw her arms around his neck again. As if she had read his thoughts, she said, "Please don't think that you've ruined anything. Think of this as a kick to both our butts towards something that everyone's been betting we would be in by now, you know?"

She kissed his throat slowly, as if savoring it. Cloud melted in her arms. Do you know that I've always loved you?

"I don't want to love you just because everyone's betting their savings on whether or not we get together," Cloud said. "I want to love you because you're you."

He felt Tifa smile against his neck. He wanted to cradle her like she embraced him, but he didn't want to get her dirty. Again, as if she sensed his thoughts, she took his other hand and pressed it deliberately to her lower back, against her clean clothes.

"It's perfectly washable," she said gently.

She shifted to hug him more closely and the belt hem of her pants brushed his aching member. Cloud felt the warning pulse, and, past the point of shame, quickly tugged on his balls to try to stave off yet another orgasm.

Tifa pressed her lips to his. My God. What part of her isn't perfect?

They were so soft, so warm, so moist. Why had he waited so long to relish the touch of something so small and yet so expressive?

She broke the kiss and looked down at his erection.

"Right, then. We need to finish you until you can't finish anymore," she said with a cheery smile, as if she were discussing the Saturday morning breakfast menu with the kids.

"What about the bar?" Cloud asked.

"I decided not to open for the evening," Tifa said as she helped him back into his pants. "One good thing about being self-employed."

She guided him out of the bathroom and up the stairs to her bedroom. Laying him down, she slowly stripped off his layers of clothes. Tifa knelt before him, straddling one leg, watching his face.

"That's not fair," Cloud said.

"Not fair?" Tifa replied, inclining her head.

Cloud choked on what he was about to say.

"My clothes are off but yours aren't," he said.

Tifa blushed. "Of course," she said. "I guess I almost forgot."

She breathed deeply and got off the bed. She peeled off her tight blouse and shed her jeans. Cloud felt another wave coming over him as she unsnapped her bra. Curling over onto his side, he held his cock between his thighs and squeezed, refusing to get off in front of her while she in such a new and precarious situation. The wave intensified when she slipped her panties down to her feet and stepped out of them.

Tifa covered herself before him for a moment before diving under the covers of the bed. Cloud patted her back.

He didn't have any words to encompass his awe at her naked body, but he said what words he could: "Tifa, you're beautiful."

He heard her muffled laugh in the pillow.

"I don't know why I'm so embarrassed," she said. "It's not like we've never seen one another before."

"Those were different circumstances," he replied, thinking back to the time of their travels, when there was no privacy.

Cloud slipped into the covers with her and was reminded once again that his erection was in no mood to flee the scene yet. He squirmed uncomfortably – holding one's erect cock between one's legs apparently worked for short amounts on time. When one was on an aphro, that is.

He felt Tifa's hand on him, cradling his balls and running her fingers along the frenulum. He flicked the blanket away just as he watched her lips envelop the head of his cock.

Tifa looked up with embarrassment and blushed.

"I've never done this before, so if it doesn't feel good, tell me," she said.

"Tifa, anything you do will be perfect," Cloud replied.

She smiled and shook her head. "Oh, stop it," she said. He watched as his penis slowly disappeared into her mouth, her lips gradually pulling more of him into her hot, wet mouth.

She made a light vacuum and then made it stronger. Then she began rhythmically sucking. Then she began swirling her tongue over the head. All these pleasures at once threatened to make him lose his mind. And the fact that Tifa was doing this for him filled him with love and protectiveness.

But she was too good. He was far too close to coming again and he didn't want to do anything in her mouth to gross her out.

"Tifa…I'm too close." His breaths sounded like short moans.

She did not stop her ministrations, but instead, looked up at him with a face that said, "What are you waiting for?"

He screamed as he jerkily came.

But this time was different. He distinctly felt a tapering-off effect in his body. Perhaps this aphro is finally wearing off?

They panted and watched one another. Tifa slowly swallowed.

With trembling, Cloud took her hand.

"Let me inside you?" He asked. His words bumped into one another on the way out in his rush and embarrassment.

Tifa smiled tremulously but moaned, "Yes."

She started to help him into her from her position on top, but he stopped her.

"Please, you've already done so much," he said. He embraced her tightly and rolled so that she was on bottom, his thighs squeezing her hips. He directed the head of his cock just before his entrance and hesitated.

"I don't want to hurt you," Cloud said.

"You won't, just do it!" Tifa cried out. She thrust her hips upwards into his and suddenly they were joined, aided by his and her combined wetness. Cloud wanted to weep with joy.

Even better than her mouth, Cloud thought. He immediately began thrusting, the sensation of being gripped in a soaked, silky vise overwhelming. Tifa's cries urged him into a faster speed. He couldn't slow down, he wanted to wait for her orgasm, but at this rate, he didn't know if it was possible.

"Stop me," he choked out. "I want to wait for you."

He hadn't thought that she might be coming even as he spoke. Suddenly, her core squeezed and pulsed around him, her muscular hips knocking into his with the power of her orgasm. Tifa cried out more loudly than she had all evening. The sound, the sensations, and the intensity of it all slammed him into his final climax. A wild scream burst from his throat and he turned his head to muffle it in Tifa's pillow.

They lay together, sheets soaked with their sweat and the earthy scent of the silk of their arousal. They panted, Cloud gasps for breath coming in deep sobs, and clung to one another. He had not even withdrawn from her yet. Their limbs were tangled in one another's hair or around the other's body – one could not be easily distinguished from the other. Cloud managed to kiss Tifa's mouth before he let an exhausted groan pass his lips. They slipped into sleep together, feeling the combined heat of their bodies seep into the thick air of the room.

Later, Tifa's cell phone rang, interrupting their sleep.

Tifa answered. It was Yuffie. The younger girl asked how Cloud was doing.

"Oh, he's doing fine…what did you do to his drink, Yuffie?" The sudden switch in tone made the hair on Cloud's neck stand up.

"Uh-huh. Uh-huh. If that was only a half-dose, a full dose would have killed him, right?"

Tifa's face was still as she listened to Yuffie's explanation.

"Give him anything like that again and I'll throw you into the nearest crater without a second thought. Do you understand me?"

Just before Tifa hung up the phone, Cloud heard the tinny voice through the receiver: "Whatever! I've been trying to get you two laid for months!"

Tifa turned towards Cloud and raised her eyebrows. "She won't be interfering with this part of our lives anymore," she said cordially.

Cloud smiled and breathed a sigh of relief. Tifa laughed and kissed him.