Zalliana licked her newly made lips and smiled at the mortal in front of her.
She had just been summoned from the ether, freshly incarnated, theoretically ready to serve whoever had called her.
The mortal in front of her was rather average looking, for one of his kind, with sandy skin, short brown hair, and piercing blue eyes.
She assessed her own body with her hands and eyes, which made him raise a brow. It was far from the worst one she'd been placed in, it was strong and complete. She even had her curved horns jutting from her forehead, sometimes the lazy ones couldn't get that right. Her new master, it seemed, was meticulous.
In some areas, at least.
He'd 'neglected' to ensure she'd manifest with clothes, and, much more egregious...
She stepped out of the circle, still smiling, and the man in front of her went pale.
"That's not-- You're not supposed to--"
She padded closer to him, clawed feet gently tapping against the cold concrete floor. He fell silent, eyes darting around as though he wanted to run, but he stayed put.
"I believe that 'supposed to' is rather a silly concept," She started conversationally. "Sure, I'm not supposed to be able to step outside the circle, but where would the fun be in that?"
The flickering light bulb above them shattered at her thought, leaving only the ritual candles to light the room. The human cursed, startled, but still didn't move away from her, though he gripped the edge of the table behind him.
"I wasn't going to say that," he said, voice slightly shrill from fear.
She stepped past him and to the books on the table, paging through his notes with interest, golden eyes soaking in every detail.
"Hm?"
"I wasn't going to say that you weren't supposed to be able to leave the circle. I didn't mean for you to be bound to that one spot." He was getting his nerve and color back, he even attempted a leer. "Not magically bound, anyways."
She rolled her eyes, still looking through the books. "Yes. 'Oh no, I meant to do that!' Very convincing, and not at all childish."
"It's true, though. You're bound to the room."
She tentatively tried to poke a tendril of her power forward, backwards, in all directions, for a couple dozen feet, and found that she couldn't.
The demon pushed past the human, ignoring his shiver when she brushed up against him. A closer investigation of the walls revealed the binding runes, and she sighed.
"Why would you bind me to a location, then step inside it? I'm aware the state of general magical education has fallen downhill, but this is just tragic."
"Because... if you were in a circle, it would be harder to do this."
He put a hand on her shoulder and turned her to face him, then kissed her, hard but not deep. His eyes were screwed up in concentration, but hers were open, and though she responded to the kiss, she didn't let it go on for long.
Zalliana smiled down at the man in front of her, eyes glowing in the dim candlelight.
"There are easier ways to find a lover. If humans aren't to your taste, there are even easier beings to seduce, and less dangerous ones. A nymph or a satyr would fuck you six ways from Sunday if you but asked."
He seemed almost... disappointed. The man had clearly been hoping for her to be at least a little caught off guard by the kiss, which she thought was silly.
She had known men, in all the various ways they can be known, for centuries. She knew when one of them wanted to fuck her.
He wasn't exactly the most subtle of men, either. She crossed her arms over her chest, less out of modesty, and more out of a desire to be able to hold a conversation. He met her eyes once more, blushing slightly.
"Well... I've read about you, Zalliana."
It wasn't her True Name, far from it, but it was enough to send a pulse of heat through her as she imagined him moaning it underneath her. She cocked her head to the side, still smiling, and leaned in closer.
"What have you read?"
"First hand accounts, you know, research. Everything... Everyone said you were enchanting."
"Of course. They're quite right." She blinked slowly at him. "Was that all?"
"They said-- There are lots of different associations for every demon, ah, that is, every fallen one, and one of yours was..."
"Yes?" She was enjoying drawing this out, or else she would have left by now. Exit to the rest of the human's plane might have been impossible, but not to her own. She knew what he'd heard, but she wanted to hear him say it.
"Ropes, and knots. And I like, well, I like tying people up, and, ah..." The notes he'd dropped in startlement caught his eye, and he read them from where he stood, squinting slightly. "Fallen one, I ask of you the knowledge, skill, and ability to safely bind, for beauty and function."
A decent request. Full of loopholes, of course. He was clearly an amateur, probably working out of his basement-- the wood paneling walls smelled slightly musty under the ritual incense. But it was a request she could fulfill.
She nodded, and uncrossed her arms. Her smile revealed sharp teeth, and his gaze flicked to them reflexively.
"I will teach you, and take my payment."
He looked surprised. "Well, hold on, aren't you supposed to--"
A rope appeared in her hands, strong, firm, black as shadows but run through with threads of deep purple. She grabbed his hands with one of her own and wrapped some of the rope around his wrists, deftly tying it off before he could think to resist.
"I believe we have covered what I feel about 'supposed to', Darren."
"It's just that, normally, I think we're supposed to negotiate a price, and then we both agree to it, and..." He trailed off, pulling against the rope.
Her smile was wider than a human face could manage, and certainly full of more teeth.
"I believe you misunderstand where the balance of power is here. Quite significantly, in fact." She sliced the excess rope away with a claw, then tested the bonds. "You are within my sphere of influence. When a human is within one of our spheres, we take what we desire, and we leave what we do not."
She ran that same claw down his chest, and he shivered, even through the fabric.
"I would be within my rights to kill you, or take you, or leave you for dead, or any of the much worse things you must have read about me and my siblings doing. But..."
"But?" He clung to the verbal lifeline desperately, hope and fear mixing in his deep blue eyes. It would be endearing, to the kind of person easily moved to mercy.
"But you are a fan of my work, and of my craft. I will give you the experience you wished for, Darren, and you will even live to share."
"Thank you, oh, I--"
"Call me by my name, human, and what I am to you."
"Th-thank you, Mistress Zalliana."
She beamed and nodded at him. "You'll be a good student, I can tell." She used her claws to tear off his shirt and pants, leaving only a pair of navy briefs.
"Hey!"
She raised an eyebrow. "You couldn't have taken it off like this, and you couldn't have continued to wear it."
"Why not?" He looked uncomfortable, vulnerable, delightful.
"You need the full sensation of the ropes on your body if you wish to learn anything," she said, as though it was obvious. The added visual appeal was just a bonus.
He wasn't particularly visibly muscled, academic types rarely were, but he had enough meat on his bones to look just fine, if you asked her.
The shaderope coiled back around her wrist, loosely, ready to obey her wishes, and she hummed.
"Get down on your knees."
Darren did as she asked, though somewhat awkwardly, and his eyes darted nervously about. She wasn't sure what he was looking for, it must have just been a nervous tic.
"Don't worry, darling," she crooned, stroking his hair. "It's going to be okay."
He didn't look particularly reassured, but that was hardly the point, regardless.
She wrapped a loop around his shoulders and secured it at his back, then did the same under his arms, and lower, and lower, until his back and chest were symmetrical pieces of art composed of crisscrossing lines. It wouldn't restrict his movement as much as it looked like it would, but it would form a solid anchor to attach other ropes. She ended it just below the swell of his ass, the last binds securing his upper thighs and ensuring the rope wouldn't be able to slide up his body and free him.
"I don't think this is going to teach me anything." Bold words, delivered with a veneer of bravado painted over a voice attempting to quiver.
"Well, who's the teacher here? Who is the expert?" She circled around in front of him with a gleam in her eye, fangs sharp and glinting in the candlelight.
"...You are."
"I am...?"
"You are, Mistress Zalliana."
She grinned, then got back to work.
"Precisely. Now, hold still, this won't hurt you."
With a snap of her fingers, he floated off the ground. Contrary to her orders, he started to writhe, panicked.
When she next spoke, the fires of her home roared in the echoes of her voice. "Hold. Still."
The struggling stopped instantly.
The important thing, she mused, when getting someone not to react to their fear, is making sure they fear something else more.
She nudged his knees further apart, moved his feet to where they needed to be, and then began tying his legs to secure them in that position. It was a versatile one, she could secure it to the ropes around his torso to keep him in a kneeling position, or lay him back. She chose the latter.
At some point, she wasn't quite sure when, the man had begun breathing heavily, in addition to his shivering. Heavy breathing could mean a lot of things, but... She traced a claw up the inside of his thigh, over the ropes, and he moaned pornographically, shivering harder.
"Please--"
He cut himself off before he could elaborate, so Zalliana simply raised an eyebrow and ignored it, getting back to work. Good boys asked for what they wanted, and, after all, she wasn't a mind reader.
He was reclining now, still floating in the air, bound wrists in front of his crotch.
"I'm going to undo your hands, pet, but only for a moment. Don't do anything foolish, hm?"
He nodded, but when she just continued to look at him expectantly, he spoke: "Yes, Mistress Zalliana."
The tone in which he said her name was changing, no longer begrudging, more respectful, as it should be. He was still nervous, of course, but that was also correct. He was at her mercy, and demons, as a rule, were merciless.
She grinned at the thought, and he watched her mouth, eyes drawn once more to her razor-like fangs.
The rope around his wrists dissolved into dust when she snapped her fingers, and she gently moved his hands to his sides. Not quite touching, not quite spread, just there. The bonds around his arms were secured to his torso at every point they could be, leaving his upper body fairly well immobilized.
He looked a sight, shivering, breathing shallowly. Whenever he thought she wasn't looking, he'd lean in one direction or another, pulling on the ropes, and sighing at the sensation of every connected knot rasping across his body in unison. He wasn't trying to escape, he was having fun.
Zalliana smiled.
"It's hard to believe you haven't done this before."
His eyes, previously lidded, snapped open. He tried to look focused.
"What? What makes you say that, ah, Mistress?"
"You took to it so well. Barely any resistance, you knew just how to behave. You're a good boy."
He narrowed his eyes and shook his head, and some of the haze cleared from his expression.
"I had no choice, don't-- Don't act like me cooperating means I like this, when we both know what would happen if I didn't."
"Well, there's cooperating, and there's... collaborating. You're enjoying this as much as me. More, rather. Is it how you imagined it, being tied up?"
"I didn't, imagine this!" His face was flushed and he couldn't meet her eyes. It was sweet.
"Poor little Darren, tying up all those human girls, learning more and more about ropes and knots, always wondering what it would feel like to be them."
Now he met her eyes again, glaring. "That isn't what it was like."
The demon laughed, shaking her head, causing lightweight black curls to fly about her face. "It doesn't matter, human. You don't need to defend yourself to me." She grabbed his dick and he broke eye contact with her, moaning. "Words lie, anyways. Your body is telling me the real story."
He was hard, of course. She was gorgeous, and showing quite a lot of intimate personal attention to the human. Even without the ropes, he would have been, but the ropes certainly helped.
She looked at the sturdy wooden table that held his notes. It would do nicely for her purposes.
She swept everything off it, books, scrolls, a pen, some quills, a mug: it all clattered to the floor. Something broke, which made Darren focus again, trying to turn around. As though that was what should have his attention right now.
"What was--?"
"Shh, don't worry about it."
Zalliana waved a hand, and the human floated over the table, then was laid out flat.
He wasn't quite spread eagle, his arms were tied to his sides, but his legs were spread.
She climbed on top of him, leaning over to kiss him on the forehead, before she went in for a real kiss. He was delicious, hot and wet and mortal, and the way he whined when she moved away and he couldn't follow her was to die for.
"You're learning so well." She purred. "You deserve a reward for being such a good student."
He was still blushing, eyes wide, and he nodded. "Yes, Mistress. Thank you, thank you Mistress Zalliana." So much for that resistance of moments ago.
She reached behind herself, pulled his cock out from his briefs, and sank back on it in one motion, moaning.
The human gasped as well, tried instinctively to thrust up into her, but couldn't, bound as he was. She just sat there for a moment, getting used to him, until he groaned in frustration. She laughed again, more breathlessly than before.
"Pet, you'll need to be a little more patient. Good things come to those who wait, and all that." She shifted on top of him, just enough to make him let out a breath, then lifted herself up, and slowly, agonizingly slowly, slid back down. "Much better, right?"
He just focused on keeping his breathing even, shakey though it was. Everywhere a rope touched him seemed to be overly sensitive, in a good way, and the friction of ropes against his skin was at least as good as his Mistress against his cock.
More controllable, too.
He wriggled slightly, flexing his arms and legs away from his body. The rope itself had no give, but the bonds were tied with just enough slack for him to shift and feel some delicious friction.
It still wasn't enough. He'd felt like he was on the edge of orgasm since Zalliana tied the first knots, but here he was, still desperate. He tried to buck against her again, and it was just as fruitless as the first time.
Once she got bored of watching him squirm, she lifted herself up again, this time sliding back down quickly, and up, and down, at a reasonable pace.
He moaned in relief.
"What do you say, human?" She was panting, just slightly, more from physical exertion than sensation, but she still managed to sound imperious.
"Thank you, Mistress, ohh--" He lost himself to feeling, words slipping away from his grasp.
That was alright by her. She never particularly cared if he was a fine wordsmith or not.
His mind was subpar, but that was how it usually went with humans.
She flexed her legs again, and fell down harder, thrusting even faster. She wanted him deep inside her, wanted to take him in completely.
She moved faster and faster, heat pooling in the pit of her stomach, until, all too soon, the human came with a wordless yell, heat spilling into her.
It took her a moment to figure out what happened. Human men were getting faster and faster, she was sure.
She sighed, and slipped off of his softening prick. He whimpered, oversensitive.
"What do I do with you now, student? You've learned your lesson, but I find myself not feeling particularly... satisfied, with our arrangement."
He just blinked at her dazedly, pupils blown, eyes lidded.
A pretty picture, but not an especially helpful answer.
She rolled her eyes, then crawled up his body until she was kneeling over his face. She looked down, leaning to the side so she could make eye contact.
"I hope you've done this before. If not, enthusiasm can make up for skill... some of the time."
She lowered herself onto his mouth. It took him a couple minutes to figure out what he was supposed to do, but she magnanimously decided he should learn how to do this as well.
'Always leave humans better than you found them', that was her motto.
He lapped at her entrance, which was fine, but she gently guided him up to her clit, and his ministrations made her sigh. Dicks were just fine, but humans' real gift was the lack of sharp teeth in that wonderful hot mouth.
He licked and sucked at her eagerly, and even, by the end, competently.
She hadn't been that close to climax anyways, and it was a bit of a mood killer to need to shift around and switch gears like this, but he was doing admirably at getting her mood back.
He fell into a pattern, swiping his tongue along her entrance once, pressing against her clit, then wrapping his lips around it and sucking.
The heat in her gut, already built up from fucking him, built higher and higher as she rolled against his face, getting him at just the right angle to satisfy her.
"Yes, there, keep doing that--"
She came. She closed her eyes, threw her head back, and sighed, long, loudly, relaxed.
She stayed that way until she noticed the quality of his writhing getting somewhat more panicked, at which point she realized she was smothering him.
Whoops.
She lifted herself up, and he gasped.
He looked just as fucked out as before, though now with her fluids and his own cum on his face. It was fantastic, she was definitely keeping this one. Metaphorically, at least. Bringing him back to her home would be annoying, humans could be so high maintenance.
She swung one leg back over him, then hopped off the table. When she snapped her fingers, the ropes dissolved to onyx colored dust, but he didn't move except to relax, watching her.
She watched him right back, head cocked, and then she smiled smugly, like she knew something he didn't.
"Have fun tying up all those women, Darren."
She tore a hole in the universe, through which he could see stars and smoke and unknowable things, and she left through it, becoming something... different, as she did.
He looked back up at the ceiling.
He knew how to tie the most elaborate knots now, she hadn't tricked him. Anything he could imagine doing with rope, he could picture the steps to do so.
The problem was...
The problem was he'd never be able to be satisfied with tying up others, not now that he knew how being on the other side was.
He had a sneaking suspicion human bondage experts wouldn't do it for him anymore either.
He sighed, closed his eyes, and accepted the fact that he'd be repeating this ritual in the near future.
Before then, though, a nap was certainly called for.
He let himself drift off to sleep, unknowing of the magical beacon Zalliana had left behind, calling others of her kind in. It would come as quite a surprise when he did...