Author: Priapus

Title: Busting a Nut

Part: 4 of 6

Summary: A man is lured out of a strip club to a palatial estate
and finds himself the guest of honor at an orgiastic celebration.

Keywords: MF, MM, M+F+, Fdom, cbt, fist, rape, tort, nc, snuff,
rim, vore

Universe: Scythian Sisterhood

Busting a Nut

Priapus <priapic_wonder@yahoo.com>


http://castrisecret.tumblr.com/


Melinda and Calliope arrived in costumes that were radically
different from the simple togas they had previously worn. 
Pandora had allowed them to choose their own garb for the
occasion.  In keeping with their ages and playful attitudes, they
had decided to dress as sexy nurses.  Pandora didnt really
approve of their choices, as she thought the ceremony they were
about to perform required a more solemn attitude.  But for these
two girls, especially, she was prepared to make an exception. 
They had both been brought up being physically and sexually
abused by their step-fathers.  They were rescued by the Scythians
in their mid-teens, Melinda after her mother committed suicide in
despair, and Calliope after her mother was murdered by her
step-father.  Both girls had been morose and withdrawn with their
Scythian foster mothers, until they met by chance on a picnic
outing.  Since that time they had been bright, cheerful, and
remarkably childlike given that the two girls were nearing their
twentieth birthdays.

Pandora believed they were trying hard to live the innocent
childhoods that had been stolen, and she indulged them rather
more than some of the others sisters thought proper.  Tonight,
however, they would perform the final rite of passage into full
Scythian sisterhood, and she hoped that their immaturity would
fade along with their graduation.

Calliopes shoulder length curly blonde hair was pulled back in a
ponytail, tight across her head except for the intentional stray
locks across her brow.  To affect an intellectual air, she
sported narrow costume glasses with dark frames.  Her lean torso
was covered in a snug, black vinyl mini-dress that zipped all the
way from the deep vee-neckline to the hem that ended at the tops
of her thighs, and just below the curve of her tight bum. On her
left lapel was a glossy Red Cross symbol.  She wore black fishnet
stay-up stockings on her long pale legs, leaving a wide band of
tantalizing bare flesh between stocking tops and hem.  On her
size seven feet she wore black vinyl, platform, lace-up ankle
boots with matching red crosses.

Melinda was clad in a white vinyl version of the same dress, her
more ample breasts pushed up to show off her enticing cleavage. 
Her long red curls were carefully braided, probably by Calliope,
who loved to pamper and flatter her shorter, curvier friend. 
Where Calliope wore black fishnets, Melinda wore white, seamed,
sheer stockings.  Where Calliope wore platform ankle boots,
Melinda wore white patent, Mary Janes with six-inch spike heels.
By herself, Melindas costume would have certainly qualified as
the sluttiest at any sorority Halloween party.  Next to Calliope
she seemed almost reserved.

The two girls swayed sensuously across the amphitheater to stand
next to the draped metal cart.   Johns eyes were locked on the
two gorgeous girls, his sexual instincts aroused even though he
suspected the horrors they were about to unleash.  He could not
help but to groan in desire, a groan Pandora clearly heard and
understood.  The mistress of ceremonies appreciated the fact that
the girls choice of costumes was even more psychologically
torturous than the more serious approach that she had advised. 
Pandora grinned in pride.  Her girls had learned well.

The pair grasped the white linen drape at the corners and, with
an apparently practiced flair reminiscent of experienced
magicians assistants, unveiled the cart and its contents to the
gasp of the gathered audience.  Across the stainless steel tray
of this cart were spread a variety of shiny, fearsome devices,
which the girls began to carefully and dramatically set in order.
 The purpose of some of the objects were readily apparent:
scalpels, forceps, clamps, pliers of various shapes and sizes,
mallets and hammers, vises, kitchen peelers, wire brushes, wood
planes, corkscrews, woodscrews and nails, small hatchets,
straight razors and awls.  And of course there were knives of all
sorts, cooking knives and hunting knives, curved and straight
blades, narrow and wide, including an Aztec obsidian stone dagger
with roughly chipped edges.

Nowhere to be found were the specifically designed tools such as
the Burdizzo or Elastrator.  The tools arranged on this cart had
the same purpose as those more well-known, more humane methods of
achieving the desired ends.   The devices available to the two
girls were selected to reach their results through prolonged and
dreadful agony.

On the far end of the cart lay an assortment of devices that only
the more recently trained Sisters would recognize and know how to
use.  These were Dr. Orchiemedes special inventions, and he was
always improving them, modifying them to achieve new and
different effects with their devious connections of gears,
levers, flanges, blocks, needles and edges.

On the lower shelf of the cart were three chafing dishes, the
bright blue flames of their gelled fuel licked at the bottom of
the stainless pots, simmering the unknown liquids they contained.

The two girls stood shoulder to shoulder facing John, examining
the items on the torture cart, whispering excitedly, and
giggling.  Occasionally they looked up at Johns exposed and
vulnerable, still-throbbing member, and his grossly distended
scrotum, with bruised testes turning blue under the unrelenting
weight of the lead shot.

From behind Pandora approached the wiggling, terrified figure in
the dangling chair.  She withdrew a hypodermic syringe from a
small pouch at her waist and jabbed him in the neck without
warning or concern, plunging the contents of the vial into his
artery.

She wore a slim, almost invisible wireless microphone, and after
injecting John with the mystery substance, switched it on to
narrate the coming ceremony.

Scythians, we welcome Sister Joy into our number tonight.  For
years she has suffered, and she deserves place among us, and our
protection.  In turn, she has brought for a sacrifice her
chattel, her husband from her former life. A chorus of boos and
catcalls in females voices filled the amphitheater.

This disgusting creature, she waved in Johns direction, has
been convicted after due and careful consideration of all the
evidence, by the wise matrons of our Star Chamber.  The ultimate
punishment has been authorized.  A murmuring ran through the
assembled crowd as they considered the seriousness of the crimes
than must have brought such a result.

Tonight, our newest Sister has graciously declined to perform
the punishments herself.  Instead, in a truly selfless gesture,
she has decided to allow our newest initiates, Melinda and
Calliope, to complete their rites of passage and join our number
in full sisterhood.  This announcement was punctuated by a burst
of congratulatory applause that continued for quite some time. 
The two initiates blushed and bowed until the celebration
diminished.  Their deep bows lifted the hems of their short
skirts to reveal naked, wet pussies, obviously excited by the
attention and by the task they were about to perform.

All around the amphitheater large screen televisions flickered
into life.  High definition pictures of the girls, their
instruments of torture and the naked, bound subject filled the
monitors.  The theater was carefully constructed to allow the
most detailed of close-ups without the intrusion of obvious
cameras.

When Pandora was convinced that she again held the theaters
attention, she continued.  Let the ceremony begin.

Johns mind was swimming in a dark, bottomless lake of terror. 
Sparking lights were dancing before his eyes like taunting fey
creatures, and he thought he would surely faint from the
contemplation of the awful fate that awaited him.  He felt the
cold sweat of unconsciousness, and hoped for the merciful
blackness that followed it, but it did not come.  The stimulant
that Pandora had injected into him would no longer allow him the
compassion of insensibility.  She intended him to be awake and
alert for the remainder of the night, as befit his deserved
punishment.

The crowd murmured in gruesome anticipation of the scene they
would soon witness.  The beauty, youth and apparent innocence of
the torturers, dressed in their sexually seductive nurse
costumes, was a sweet, sharp contrast to the horrific deeds they
were about to commit.

Calliope selected a strange round brass globe with a straight
pipe attached to the top and a valve at the base of the pipe. 
She approached her suspended victim.  Melinda waved her hand and
a waiting eunuch stepped forward to turn a crank on the
suspension frame, lowering Johns head below waist height and
raising his legs into a V-shape in the air.  Again, there was a
moment of comfort for the victim as the position was changed and
the tension on his tendons and muscles was released.  But it was
short-lived, as his outstretched legs were drawn wider and wider
until the ligaments in his groin burned in pain.

Melinda pushed two wheeled stools into place as Calliope stepped
up to Johns side, near his hips.  The eunuch in attendance
adjusted the chains that positioned the victims head, and his
neck arced backward until he stared, upside-down, at the large
screen television behind him.

He watched the image on the screen, trained between his legs, as
Melinda positioned one stool next to his agonized scrotum.  She
mercifully lifted the weights, and unclipped them.  Warmth
started to return to his testicles as the blood flowed more
freely.  Melinda detached the ring that had held the weights and
his balls were free.  Gently, the redhead laid his bruised and
stretched scrotum on the wide, smooth wooden surface of the
stool.  Even her delicate touch sent shivers of pain arcing
through his body.

Calliope turned the valve at the base of the pipe, and something
in the globe started to hiss through the pipe. Before he could
smell the distinctive fumes of the gas, the blonde touched a
small red button and the tip of the pipe erupted in a diffused,
blue flame.

Pandora announced to the crowd, The girls prefer to sterilize
the procedure with flame, rather than alcohol.  It has the
advantage of simultaneously removing the hair from the procedure
site.

Calliope brought the end of the torch to Johns scrotum and
quickly, without too much pain, removed the hair.  She was
gentler than she might have been under other circumstances, but
she had sadistic reasons for saving her victim from too harsh a
burn.  Once she was done she put the burner away and went over to
talk to the mistress of ceremonies.  Melinda, in the meantime,
strapped down the naked victims scrotum to the wooden stool with
leather straps.  When she was done, Johns swollen, painful
testes were spread wide and stretched long, firmly held to the
smooth cool surface and secured for the next stage of the
procedure.

Pandora shut off her microphone as she traded urgent whispers
with Calliope, shaking her head frequently.  The younger woman
continued to press her case, and finally wore Pandora down to the
point where she shrugged and pointed over to the divan where
Sister Joy was sitting.

The girl tiptoed happily to the wife, who had bided her time
while watching the girls prepare by ordering the her four
attendants to strip naked so that she could more fully enjoy
their manly offerings.  She teased the thick, hard cocks of the
two kneeling with her small feet.  She had pushed off the
shoulder straps of the silken tunic, baring her shoulders and her
breasts, and the two muscular attendants standing behind her
rested their stiff shafts on her bare shoulders as she alternated
between kissing and stroking the smooth taut skin of their
throbbing members.

At first, Calliopes whispered entreaties were apparently
rejected by Joy as well, who kept shaking her head as the
initiate explained her plan.  Calliope tried to encourage the
older women by reaching out and caressing her breasts, and
teasing her stiff nipples.  Finally, Joy nodded at something
Calliope said, and the pert blonde motioned to Melinda to join
her at the divan.

As the nurse in white vinyl arrived at the divan, Joy pointed to
the attendant kneeling at her right.  He rose off his knees and
seated himself, at his mistresss command, at the end of the
divan, with his legs spread, showing his impressive cock to the
increasingly restive audience.

Melinda and Calliope stood whispering conspiratorially for a
moment, and positioned themselves standing, facing each other so
closely they almost touched, between the attendants outstretched
legs.  On a silent cue each one reached up and unzipped the
others nurses uniform, tugging the sticky vinyl garments off and
leaving them in a heap on the floor.  A murmur of appreciation
swept through the crowd as the smooth, young, soft skin of the
young women was exposed.

Except for the stockings and heels, they were both gloriously
naked now, and the attendants cock twitched and bounced visibly
at the sight.

The two naked girls turned to face the burly servant, kneeling in
practiced synchronicity.  Melinda gently cupped his balls in one
hand, and with the other she reached back between his legs to
seek his puckered anus with her thin fingers.  Calliope wrapped
her two small hands firmly around the base of his cock, and
looking sternly his eyes, her puckered lips pouting just inches
above the shiny hard helmet of his dick, she said a voice loud
enough to carry across the acoustically designed amphitheater,
Dont come!  Whatever you do, dont let us make you come, okay?

The crowd laughed, but the well-trained stud, accustomed to such
outrageous demands and concerned at the punishment that might
await if he failed to follow the command, nodded and steeled
himself against orgasm.  Of course, as a consort, he knew that he
served as a pleasure slave to the sisterhood, and so long as he
kept his place and never harmed or insulted a woman, he would
never face the ultimate, disabling punishments that the eunuchs
received.

So he steeled himself to the challenge.  This shouldnt be too
hard for him, he thought.  He had been in many situations where
suppression of orgasm was part of the game, and he always
performed admirably, which must have been why Pandora told
Calliope to use him as a test subject for their experiment (he
heard the discussion between Jot and Calliope).

He gripped the edges of the divan, and Calliope gave him a little
kiss on the tip of his cock to start the demonstration.  Ready?
she smiled sweetly.  He nodded.  The next thing he knew the two
girls hungry mouths were all over his stiff cock.  Calliope
worked the base with her fingers, while Melinda gently caressed
his balls and slowly slid her finger into his tight ass.

They were doing something the consort had never felt before, with
their two mouths and four hands working in a carefully composed
sexual scherzo.  The rushing feeling of an oncoming orgasm
started to build and there was nothing he could do to stop itall
his training and experience couldnt overcome the fantastic
sensation that overwhelmed him.  In under a minute he was
spraying his thick creamy load across their faces, into their
open mouths and onto their outstretched tongues.

 A ripple of appreciative applause came from the audience, most
of whom knew how difficult it was to get a well trained consort
to climax when he had been ordered to refrain.

Pandora strolled over as the girls were licking the spatters of
salty liquid off of each others faces and necks.  He will have
to be punished, after all, you ordered him not to come.

Calliope was stroking the studs still-hard penis.  He may have
disobeyed a command, but years of careful preparation maintained
his erection so long as there may be a woman desirous of his
capability to perform.

Go easy on him, Mistress, it was all in the service of our
needs, after all, Melinda offered.

Im not inclined to go easy on a disobedient consort.  It sets a
bad example for the others.  Pandora looked at Joy.  Which of
the other consorts should assist me in delivering the punishment,
Sister?

Joy had no idea what the punishment might be, and she was hoping
it wouldnt be too brutal, since she had chosen the unlucky
consort for the trial.  She simply chose the closest one, the one
kneeling at her other leg.

Fine, Pandora continued.  She had turned the microphone back on
so that her voice carried more easily across the gathered crowd.
You two, she pointed to the attendants behind Joy, their hard
cocks still resting on her naked shoulders, bend this one over
the end of the divan and hold him down.

They quickly complied, grasping him by the arms and shoulders,
and twisting him into a position where his face and chest was
pressed into the cushioned sofa, his knees were bent, and his ass
jutted out toward the crowd.

Pandora knelt behind him and arranged his stiff dick and dangling
balls so that they hung between his powerful legs.  The consort
shivered as she touched him, knowing that it was always within
her power to have his male organs removed at any time, for
whatever reason, even on a whim.  And she seemed displeased by
something.  He dearly wished she wouldnt visit on him the full
weight of her displeasure.

Pandora squeezed the consorts balls in her strong, soft hand. 
She knew what he was thinking, the terror that was building in
his mind right now.  She let it build a moment longer.  Standing,
she motioned to the consort who had been chosen to help deliver
the punishment.  He stood and joined her.

She reached over to the serving cart and selected a flagon of
olive oil. Are you right handed? The servant nodded in
affirmation.  Okay, give me your hand.  As he held it up she
spoke again, this time for the audience, rather than to the
consort.  Since our initiates have asked for mercy I will grant
it.  This time.  She poured the olive oil over the consorts
outstretched hand and muscular arm, then dribbled some more over
the crack of the servant awaiting punishment.

I want your fist up his ass, to here she pointed to a point on
his arm a few inches above the wrist.  No deeper, no shallower.
Then you pump him with it to that depth until I tell you to
stop.  She paused a moment, expecting him to comply. 
Impatiently she sneered, What?

Tempo, mistress?

SlowI dont want him to enjoy it overly much.  She grinned a
cryptic smile and strode back over to the side of the dangling
chair.

The consort quickly complied, kneeling down pressing his fingers
against the tight sphincter of the bent mans waiting ass. 
Firmly he pressed it inside in a smooth, slow stroke.  The
punished consort knew better than to utter any discomfort, but
the one delivering the fist-fucking could sense the groan of
agony he must be containing as his thick-fingered hand pressed in
past the knuckles.  From personal experience, the stud delivering
the punishment knew that first knuckled thrust was the hardest
part.

Pandora turned to the crowd, thinking how lovely this whole event
was turning out.  The two initiates may be some of the youngest
the Sisterhood had ever trained, but the years of tutoring, the
time they spent together, and, no doubt, the terrible abuse that
they had suffered before the Sisterhood rescued them had merged
to form a delectable combination of innocence and sadism, driven
by an intense need to avenge themselves on the male of the
species.  The mistress of ceremonies wondered if the outside
world would ever appreciate the fact that she had focused the
terrible power only on those few men who really deserved it.  Had
she left the girls to their own devices in the general population
of civilians, there is no doubt they would have used their powers
for evil by now.

The two girls, still naked except for their stockings and heels,
were standing by the cart now, reviewing the selection of torture
instruments the same way other girls their age would shop for
earrings at the mall, full of giggles and whispering secrets as
they considered their choices.

Sisters and consorts.  We turn, finally she said with a slight
tinge of exasperation, to this evenings main event.  By
demonstration of their considerable talents these initiates have
convinced me to do something that, frankly, goes against my
better judgment.  At their request I am going to allow the victim
to earn a reprieve from his punishment tonight.  A murmur of
disapproval went through the crowd.  They wanted blood.  Pandora
was quick to silence the growing discontent.

I know!  The Star Chamber has ruled, but I think you will be
amused by the conditions the girls have devised.  Pandora waved
her hand and on one of the monitors filled with the image of a
digital clock, reading 10:00 in blood red numbers.

Sister Joy has agreed that if the girls cant make John have an
orgasm in ten minutes or less, then he will be allowed to keep
his despicable male organs intact, and will be trained to enter
our service as a consort.  If, however, he comes, they will
fulfill the original sentence of the Star Chamber and
immediately, painfully, and permanently destroy his offensive
testicles.

A cheer erupted from the crowd.  They knew the careful training
that a consort had, and if an experienced stud was unable to
contain his climax, an untrained, undisciplined rapist like John
would have no chance at all of escaping his fate.  Even better,
his last moment of sexual pleasure would guarantee his
excruciating last moment of manhood.

By the time she delivered the last line, she had positioned
herself next to Johns head.  In this position he could look up
and see the mistresss bare pussy beneath her toga.  It was so
wet it was almost dripping, her vulva engorged and red with
desire peeking out of the tangle of shiny dark hairs.  He could
smell her sex, and it sent a chill of need through his body that
was accompanied by a cold sweat of doom.  His body was betraying
him, filling him for a need for sex and release even though his
rational mind knew the terrible fate that awaited him if his
animal drives fulfilled his most primal need.

Between Pandoras legs he could see the monitor was showing his
torturers, achingly beautiful in their near nudity, selecting
their instruments of his destruction.  Calliope had selected a
complex brass machine from the cabinet of Dr. Orchiemedes, all
levers and gears and adjustable bolts.  Melinda had selected
something smaller, so small that it fit in the palm of her small,
closed hand.  John thought he saw a glint of something metallic,
but couldnt be sure.

They pranced over to where Pandora was standing to show her what
they had chosen and whisper something into her ear.  Melindas
red-furred pussy was almost in Johns face, and he could
practically taste her scent.  His cock throbbed, even without the
drug he would have been straining to fuck the puffy pink folds,
her labia so discreet that her slit looked like it was hiding
under the hair.

Calliope and Melinda have made their decisions, Pandora
announced as the two girls skipped, hand in hand, to the other
end of the dangling chair where Johns scrotum was lashed to the
adjustable wooden stool.  They insist that I announce how
Calliopes selection works, even though I have warned them that
the description may make their victim all the more resolute to
withhold his orgasm.

Melinda unlashed the tortured mans ballsack so that Calliope
could place the machine on the smooth surface of the stool.  She
clamped the contraption on its four corners as Melinda gently
massaged his tender nuts, bending down to kiss them softly before
sliding his heavy scrotum into the opening of the device.

Once the victims nuts were encased in the cold brass mechanism,
Pandora started the narration of what the devious thing would do.
 Inside the case there are two chambers, on for each testicle. 
Calliope has disabled the left chamber because Melinda has
something special planned for that one if John cannot maintain
his sexual composure.  In order to allow the destruction of the
victims testicles without damaging the skin of the scrotum,
which in this case will be preserved to make a keepsake change
purse for Sister Joy, the first motion of the lever makes a
shallow cut that encircles the scrotum at its base.  Shallow
because we dont want the victim to lose any feeling in his
tender gonads, but just deep enough so that the second lever
action can remove the layers of skin intact, like a stocking.

Calliope secured the blade mechanism so that it encircled the
base of Johns scrotum tightly, adjusting the blade gauge to the
proper cutting depth.

Once the skin is removed the oblong chamber closes snugly around
the unprotected testicle, with only a small opening at the top
for the intact nerves, vas deferens and blood vessels.  That
opening is sealed with an inflatable rubber washer, and the final
motion of the lever drives a piston into the chamber.  Under
tremendous increasing pressure from the piston, the pain of the
victim continues to build until Calliope releases the escape
valve trigger, at which time the entire contents of the chamber
is liquefied through an opening only slightly wider than the head
of a pin.  The wonderful thing about this process is that,
because of the stimulants we have given him, and the lowered
position of his head, John will be lucky enough to consciously
feel every moment of excruciating pain right up to the moment of
final release.  Of course, his pureed testicle will be preserved
in a capture jar for future use.

The young blonde finished the careful adjustments of the machine
as Pandora spoke.  Melinda, with nothing further to do after
inserting the victims nuts into the fiendish device, knelt
behind her and distracted her by licking her partners tight
little asshole.

With the left side chamber disabled, Johns left nut, once
stripped of its flesh, will simply roll out that side of the
machine to dangle at the end of its cords until Melinda delivers
her special, personal touch.

John heard the entire horrifying description.  The cool brass
mechanism actually felt smooth and comforting at the moment, but
he steeled himself to the terrible pain that awaited him if he
came.  He wouldnt do it.  He wouldnt give them the
satisfaction.  All he had to do was to keep that image in his
mind, and no matter what they did to entice him, he would win.

Everything was prepared.  The girls took their positions.  In
this case, rather than side by side on Johns engorged, throbbing
cock, Calliope positioned herself leaning over the machine, her
lips poised an inch over the underside of the victims throbbing
tip.  She didnt touch him, and wouldnt until the timer started.

Melinda had to assume a sixty-nine position so that she could
work the top of the victims cock.  She climbed on him, her
fragrant, sweet pussy only inches from his face, her naked
pillowy tits pressed into his abdomen.  He tried to object, say
that it wasnt fair, but the ring in his mouth made the words
into muffled nonsense.

As Pandora was about to start the clock, a female voice from the
darkness of the audience cried out, Hey girls, if youre so sure
of yourselves, you should bet something too!  Make it worth his
while!  A chorus of laughter erupted, followed by scattered
shouts of Yes!  Bet something!

The mistress of ceremonies quieted the crowd and turned to the
girls.  How about it? she asked.  The original terms of the
contest with John here?  If he wins he can take you as brutally
as he wants, use your bodies any way he desires, rape you and
even kill you right here on stage?

The two girls looked at each other and giggled.  Sure! Calliope
answered for both.  Hell never win anyway.  Well bust his nuts
for sure.

The monitor that John could see showed the cocky young blonde
from behind as she took the bet.  Her pussy lips were red and
wet.  Her ass, still glistening from where Melinda had been
licking it, winked at John as she confidently accepted the terms.

Alright then, the contest is on!  If John can avoid orgasm for a
mere ten minutes, not only does he keep his balls, but he can
violently rape, and snuff these two sisterhood initiates right
before your eyes.  Of course, if he loses, his orgasm will be his
last, and his castration will fulfill the last stage of
initiation for Calliope and Melinda.  Pandora raised her hand.

Start the clock!

