Laundry Day for Mindy 

By mtderr72

It was Monday afternoon and it was just another typical Laundry Day for Mindy. 
Since most of the people in the apartment were gone to work, this was an 
excellent time to get her Laundry out of the way. She grabbed a load of 
clothes from the hamper and placed them in the Laundry basket. She then 
grabbed her Keys, her roll of quarters and detergent bottle and left. It had 
both her Apartment Key and Access Key to the building on it. The Access Key 
opens most of the outside doors to the building, the Pool Gate Door and the 
Laundry Room. Both keys were on one of those small looking phone cords that 
wraps around the wrist for easy carrying. 

Mindy closed the door to her Room and walked down the hall. She was on the 4th 
floor and the Laundry Room was in the basement. Since it was not a workday for 
her, she was wearing one of her Old Oversized T-Shirts with the building name 
“Malibu Towers”, and Bra and Knickers. While riding down the elevator, she 
started thinking about her recent accidents over the past few months of 
indecent exposure in public places. She thought how thrilling and how exciting 
it made her feel each time she was caught. She laughed about it for a moment 
and then put it out of her mind. How did they always get out of hand?

She exited the elevator doors to the basement and walked to the small Laundry 
Room that houses only four washers and dryers. They are both opposite of each 
other with a small table in the middle of the Room for folding clothes. She 
empties out here clothes onto the table and begins to separate them. She 
separates her delicates and colors, then throws them in the two far end 
washers and puts in the detergent. She is almost ready to start the washers, 
when she realizes that she is alone in the Room. Since it is a weekday, most 
people are at work. She then gets a slight grin on her face and a tingle in 
her stomach. This is the perfect opportunity to be a little wild and naughty 
again. She lifts up her T-Shirt, places her thumbs inside the edge of her 
knickers on either side and slips them off her hips. She then throws them in 
with the rest of her delicates and closes the lid. She places the quarters she 
brought into the machines and starts both washers. She then picks up her 
basket and places it under her arm and starts back for her Room. When she 
reaches the elevator, she gets on and thinks about the fact that she is now 
walking around in the building with no knickers on under her T-Shirt. She 
begins to giggle as she steps on the elevator. She looks at her T-Shirt in the 
reflective mirrors in the elevator and notices how daring her little stunt had 
become. The T-Shirt came down just above mid thigh in the front. She also 
noticed that with the basket tucked in at her side, it was pushing the side of 
her T-Shirt up, causing the back of the T-Shirt to rise enough so one could 
see the bottom curves of both of her cheeks. Since no one was on the elevator, 
there was no need to worry ... but it was good to know what the limits were to 
the length of her T-Shirt and risk of exposing herself. She got off the 
elevator and made her way back to her apartment Room. She took her key from 
her wrist, opened the door and walked to her bedroom.

Ch 2

She was still excited about her little daring stunt and wanted it to continue 
a little longer. She then had another idea ... so she grabbed her bed sheets 
and some other white towels from the bathroom and placed them in the basket. 
This would be enough for another small load to carry out her plan. She grabbed 
her Laundry Basket and supplies, and walked out the door. Since the basket was 
heavy, carrying it to the side would reveal too much ... so she carried it in 
front of her down the hall. She made her way down the elevator and went to 
place her basket on the table, when it caught under the front of her T-Shirt 
and lifted it up above her chest, exposing her well-groomed bush and tanned 
rear. She immediately panicked and looked around ... but no one was there in 
the Room. She pulled her T-Shirt from the basket and let it fall back down 
below her waist. She took the items from the basket and placed them on the 
table. Since they were all whites, there was no need to sort them. She took 
all the items, placed them in the open washer and threw in the detergent. She 
then walked to the door and looked outside to see if anyone was approaching. 
There was no one on the hall... so she could proceed with her plan. She walked 
back over to the washer and pulled both hands inside her T-Shirt. She then 
reached behind and unhooked her bra. She then slipped it off her left shoulder 
and then here right shoulder. She then took her bra from under her T-Shirt and 
tossed it in with her whites with her right hand. As she tossed her bra in 
with the load, she noticed a snap at her wrist. “OUCH!” She said. She 
dismissed it and put both her arms back through the sleeves of her T-Shirt. 
With all the movement of her arms under her T-Shirt, it stretched it out a 
good bit, but she thought nothing of it. She leaned over, closed the lid to 
the washer, placed the coins in the machine and turned it on. She was now in 
the Laundry Room with nothing on but a ratty Old T-Shirt. She looked down at 
her shapely 36D Breasts and could see her nipples become more visible. She 
turned around, grabbed her basket and started to back to her Room. She entered 
the elevator and went to press the button to her floor, but mistakenly pressed 
the lobby floor. "OH NO!”, she said. She hoped that no one would be getting on 
at that floor and notice that she was not wearing a bra. She then pressed the 
fourth floor button several times, hoping that it would bypass the lobby 
floor.... Nevertheless, to her misfortune, the elevator stopped and the doors 
opened. She looked up and noticed that it was Mr. Jones ... the Local Grounds 
Keeper and Building Handyman. He looked at her, smiled and said “Good 
afternoon Miss Thayer." I said “Hello Mr. Jones". I gradually moved to the 
back of the elevator with the basket in front of me. He stood looking forward 
as I waited for my floor. I was trembling inside at the thought of him 
noticing that I was not wearing a bra under my T-Shirt ... let alone no 
knickers. The elevator stopped on my floor and I proceeded to get off. As I 
walked out, I noticed a little smile on Mr. Jones face. As the doors closed 
behind me ... Mr. Jones said, “Have a good day Miss Thayer." I was so excited 
I could barely breathe, as I walked down to my Room. When I got to my door, I 
reached for my keys on my right arm, but noticed they were missing. I looked 
in the basket and I looked on the floor around me. They were nowhere in site. 
Where did they go? Did I leave them in the Room? Did I leave them in the 
elevator? I know I took them with me to the Laundry Room, because I never took 
them off my wrist. I had to go retrace my steps back to the Laundry Room. I 
thought to myself … “I need to keep a spare key around the door ... incase 
these things happen to me again.” 

Ch. 3

Mindy left her basket at the door and walked back to the elevator. She Said, 
"I hope no one is on the elevator this time. I'm sure that Mr. Jones is gone 
by now ... so I won't have to worry about being in that awkward situation 
again". The elevator doors opened and I pressed the button to the basement. I 
looked around the edges, on the floor and didn’t see my keys. I was getting 
nervous ... they have to be in the Laundry Room. When the doors opened to the 
basement, she walked to the Laundry Room. The door was now closed. There was a 
posted sign on the outside. It read, “Please use your Access Key to Enter. I 
will return in 45 Minutes to Open Laundry Room. Mr. Jones." Mindy reached for 
the door and tried to turn the doorknob. It was definitely locked! OH, NO!!! 
... What am I going to do now? I'm here in only a T-Shirt and I have no keys 
to the Building. Mindy was getting nervous once again, "Oh Why does this 
always happen to me." I have to think... what can I do now. I can stay here 
and wait for Mr. Jones to return ... but it was too hot to stay in the 
basement. I was starting to perspire. The T-Shirt was starting to absorb the 
sweat and was clinging to every curve on her body ... especially around her 
breasts. Her nipples were becoming more noticeable and showing through the 
fabric. She had to get out of there and get a key. She decided that she would 
take a chance and go to the front desk to see if she could get a spare key and 
return to her Room. She proceeded to the elevator and pressed the Lobby button 
again. She thought, I hope that no one will be there. Before she got off, she 
looked both ways to see if anyone was around in the lobby. No one was there 
for now and it was much more comfortable than the basement. She stood off to 
the side of the elevator and waited to cool down, so that no one would tell 
she was only wearing a T-Shirt. After several minutes, she noticed that here 
T-Shirt was dry again and less obvious. She walked to the front desk and rang 
the bell. She waited for someone to return from the back. The counter was 
almost chest high ... so she felt safe. She then looked up to see Timmy... the 
desk clerk come to the counter. “May I help you?" "Yes.” said Mindy. “I was 
doing my Laundry and I think I left my keys in the Laundry Room. The door is 
locked right now. Do you have a spare key to the Room?" Timmy said “No ... 
only Mr. Jones has the maintenance Keys to the Building. You will have to go 
see him to get the door unlocked." Timmy Smiled as he looked over my right 
shoulder. I looked around to see if anyone was there, but no one was in the 
Room but the two of us. There was the lobby furniture and a full-length mirror 
against the wall. I was standing on my toes while I was talking to him but was 
leaning against the counter to hide myself from the chest down. I then asked 
him, “Do you have a spare key that I can use to my Room? Its on the 4th floor 
... It’s Room # 407.” Timmy stepped away to the other Room to check and see if 
there was a spare key available. I could here the rustling of keys from the 
other Room. He was gone for a minute or so ... then, he returned. He said, " I 
did not find a spare key for your Room, but there was a red sticker on your 
Room slot ... It seams that you never returned the spare key the last time you 
were locked out of your Room." Oh, Darn! ... I remember them telling me to 
return the key after I made a new one from the spare. I then asked, “Is there 
a master Key that I can use just for now and return it immediately, after I 
unlock my door?" Timmy smiled again, looking over my shoulder, “The only 
person that has a master key is Mr. Jones, and he may keep it in his 
Maintenance Shed out back. I would check with him. If you go down this hall, 
out the back, you will see it across the parking lot, behind the swimming 
pool. He smiled again, and returned to the Managers Room behind the counter. 
After he left the front counter, I figured it was safe to walk away. I walked 
down the hall to the back door. It was a glass full pane window and I could 
see the shed behind the pool. It was about 30 yards from the main apartment 
building. Most of the cars were gone and there were several children at the 
pool. This was getting all too risky. All I wanted to do was have a little fun 
and look where it has gotten me. Here I am, getting ready to go out in Public 
again, just to get a key to my Room. I took a deep breath and opened the door. 
I looked up and noticed there was a little overcast but noting to be concerned 
about right now. This would only take a few minutes and I would be back in a 
Flash. I walked out onto the sidewalk and onto the pavement. I noticed a 
little breeze, so I kept my arms close at my side and made sure that the air 
did not get under my T-Shirt. As I walked across the parking lot, I noticed 
the way the cloth felt rubbing against my skin. I could feel it rub against my 
breast and my backside ... the cool breeze blowing behind me ... occasionally, 
a little too hard. I noticed that the wind was lifting my T-Shirt in the back 
and was showing a little too much bare skin. I stepped up my pace ... causing 
my breast to move back and forth more and more ... getting me more excited. 
I finally made it across the parking lot by the pool. Looking over the hedge, 
I noticed that there were several kids playing in the shallow end ... but they 
did not notice me walking by. I figured they would be no threat to me and I 
would not announce my presence. I made my way around to the right, to the far 
side of the gated pool, where the maintenance shed was and was hoping to find 
Mr. Jones there. I could then ask him to open up the Laundry Room, or I could 
get the master key from him to my Room. As I turned the corner of the shed, I 
found a large metal door to the building. It was cracked open a bit. The door 
was being held open with a small wooden doorstop at the bottom. I looked in 
the window, but saw no one inside. I squeezed in between the opening in the 
door, and made my way inside. It was very dirty with lawn equipment on the 
floor and tools on the walls. Up against the left wall was a desk. There was a 
nameplate on it. It read “Mr. Jones – Building Superintendent”. Directly above 
his desk, there was a check-in and checkout magnetic board. Beside his name, 
there was red magnetic button over the area that stated “Out to Lunch”. Just 
my luck … there was no way to determine how long he would be. There was no 
reason for me to stay around any longer … it was dirty and filthy. I decided 
that it would be safer just to return to the Laundry Room and wait for his 
return. 









