The Naked Weekend
by Dormouse

The Bet

“Do people really do that?!” exclaimed Fiona, pointing to the television by the bar.

Fiona was with her friends in the Duck and Fox.  The television was showing some light-hearted comedy.  A woman had somehow lost her clothes and was waddling along the street with an arm over her breasts and a hand over her pussy.

“Do what?” asked Daisy, turning to look at the screen.

“What’s the point of trying to hide her bits like that?” explained Fiona.  “It just makes her look even more ridiculous.”

“But you wouldn’t want people to see your ‘bits’, surely?” asked Daisy.

“Whyever not?  It doesn’t hurt me if people see all of me.  And I hope my body is not so hideous that it hurts other people.”  The general consensus was that Fiona’s body, at least the bits that were currently on display, was not hideous.

“I bet you would try and cover up if you found yourself naked in the street,” replied Daisy.

“Ooh, a challenge,” said Anne, joining in the conversation.

“Yes,” added Paul.  “I’d like to see that.”

“And so would I,” said Anne.

“OK,” said Fiona.  “I accept.  Furthermore, I bet that I can go an entire weekend without wearing clothes.”  Cheers went up from Paul and Anne.

“Well, Daisy” asked Anne, “Do you want her to accept your challenge?”  Daisy said she did.  “So, what is the stake here?  What will you do, Fiona, if you lose, and what will Daisy do if you win?”

“If I lose,” said Fiona, “I’ll do all the housework for a month.”  Fiona and Daisy shared a house.  “If I win, Daisy has to strip off in public, too.”

Daisy gulped when she heard this.  But bravado got the better of her.

“I accept,” she said.  “You’ll never go through with it.”

“Now that both parties have accepted,” said Anne, who decided she wanted to be the referee in this contest, “let’s settle some details.  Next weekend is the Bank Holiday weekend and I’m having a barbecue – you’re all invited.  If Fiona makes it from Friday evening to Sunday afternoon and attends my barbecue naked, Daisy has to strip off at the barbecue.  Agreed?”

They agreed.

“Now, the start of the challenge must be decided.”  She called over to the landlady, who was walking past.  “Sheila, you won’t mind if Fiona takes her clothes off in your pub next Friday night, do you?”

“Of course not,” said Sheila.  “As long as I can take pictures and put them on our website.”


The Unveiling

Fiona, Daisy, Anne and Paul were all students at the local university.  University activities had finished Friday afternoon and the impending Bank Holiday meant that the Duck and Fox was crowded both inside and outside.  But Sheila had reserved a table for them near the bar.  She also had brought them a round of drinks on the house.

It was decided to wait until nine o’clock, after it had got dark, for the challenge to begin.  Fiona looked her normal relaxed self.  Daisy, however, was getting nervous.

“You’re really going to do this?” asked Daisy.

“Of course.  I’ve nothing to be ashamed off.  And the weather forecast says we’re in for a scorcher this weekend, not Bank Holiday weather at all, so not wearing clothes will be a plus.  Looks good for your barbecue, too, Anne.”

Daisy hadn’t really thought that Fiona would go all the way.  Fiona might be relaxed about showing everything in public, but Daisy hadn’t thought it would come to her stripping off as well.  Still, there was nearly two days to go.  Fiona might be prevented from completing the challenge.

“You’re not afraid of getting arrested, then” she asked, clutching at straws.

“I looked it up.  Being naked in public is not actually illegal, they say.  As long as I don’t have sex in public, start a riot, or offend people, I should be OK.”  She looked at the clock over the bar.  She stood up.  “OK, folks.  Show time.  Prepare to be amazed at my magnificent body.”  She said this loud enough for people at the neighbouring tables to hear.

Sheila was standing nearby with a camera.  Many other people had got to hear of the challenge and were in the bar, waiting expectantly, camera phones at the ready.  People started wandering in from the pub garden to watch.

There was no seductive strip tease.  Fiona’s friends were surprised at how little she was wearing.  She slipped off her shoes, pulled down her leggings, and threw off her sweater top, and she was naked.  She pointed down at her shaved pussy, lips clearly on display.

“There it is folks, what you’ve all been waiting to see.  Enjoy.”

Sheila came over and gave her a hug.  Another woman was with her.

“I must have a selfie of you with me and my wife,” she explained.  She handed the camera to Anne and she and the other woman stood on either side of Fiona, arms over her shoulders.

Fiona sat back down at the table, aware that the rest of the bar was still interested in her.

“Well done,” said Anne.  “You should show off your body more often, it’s magnificent.  Daisy, did you know you housemate had such magnificent knockers?”

Daisy was having trouble, not knowing where to look.  As it happened, despite sharing a house, she had never seen Fiona naked.  Up till now, she had always been decently dressed in the common areas they shared.  There’d not even been an accidental glimpse in the shared bathroom.  She had not realised how much her friend’s nudity would make her uncomfortable.  It wasn’t only the threat of her own strip in two days that worried her.

Fiona, for her part, carried on as if it was entirely normal for her to be sitting in a pub naked.  She went to the bar to get a round when it was her turn.  Posed for more selfies when she was politely asked.  (And many people were snapping her casually as they walked past.)  She at one point had to go to the loo.  She reported back that it was much easier when you had no knickers to pull down.  She was enjoying being the centre of attention.

Sheila called last orders and it was time to leave.  None of them had a car with them, Daisy remembered, and if they had, none of them would have been legal to drive, the amount of alcohol they’d consumed.

“Shall we get a taxi home?” she asked Fiona.  She wondered what the driver would say, presented with a very naked (and now slightly tipsy) Fiona.

“It’s only two miles home,” she replied.  “The walk will do us good, clear our heads.  Besides, I want to see how people react.  It should be fun.

She slipped her shoes back on – it had been agreed that shoes were OK to protect her feet – and walked out of the pub.  Daisy hurriedly followed her.

Daisy realised that to get home, they had to walk through the centre of town.  Surely that would discourage Fiona.  And with the pubs emptying out, there would be many drunken people walking the streets.  In fact, she wondered if Fiona would be in danger.  She didn’t want Fiona to win the bet, but she didn’t want her to come to any harm.

But it didn’t work out that way.  The people they met on the street were not at all rowdy.  In fact, they all seemed to appreciate the spectacle.  It took them half an hour to walk just a short way as so many people stopped them to take selfies.  Fiona was going to be an internet sensation before the night was out, Daisy was sure.  Just to be on the safe side, Daisy avoided being in any of the photographs.

Nobody complained.  No police patrol appeared to demand that Fiona cover up.  They got home with no problems.  The first part of Fiona’s challenge had been completed.

“I’ll sleep with my door open,” Fiona said when they got inside.  “You can look in whenever you want and I’ll sleep on top of the covers.  You’ll be able to see everything.  And you’re welcomed to join me if you want.  There’s room for two in my bed.”  She placed her hands on Daisy’s shoulders and Daisy was afraid Fiona was about to try and kiss her.  Daisy had known about her friend’s sexual proclivities – she often had girlfriends staying the night and what Daisy had heard through the bedroom wall left her in no doubt as to what was going on – but she’d never made a pass at her before.  She was drunk and horny!  Daisy fled to her room and locked the door, just in case.


Shopping

“I think I had too much to drink last night,” Fiona said at breakfast the next morning.  She looked fragile, but she was still naked.  “Sorry if I came on to you.  I know you’re not interested.  I promise I won’t proposition you again.”

Daisy was slightly mollified.  She wondered if her friend’s nudity was turning her on and how long that promise would last.  She also wondered what they were going to do all day.  Obviously, Fiona wouldn’t be going anywhere.  Maybe she could ask some friends over – safety in numbers.

But after breakfast was over, Fiona scotched that idea.

“Right, let’s go and do some shopping,” said Fiona, heading out the door.  “You coming?”  Daisy was so surprised she followed her friend into the street.  Well, maybe she’ll get arrested, she hoped.

Mrs Jenkins, their next-door neighbour was in her garden, a sturdy woman in her late fifties.  She saw the naked Fiona.

“Oh, my!” she exclaimed.  “You are a bold one.  I didn’t know you were a naturist.  Mr Jenkins and I often go to nudist resorts, but we wouldn’t dare walk along the street like that.  I admire your courage.”

Fiona explained she was doing it for a bet.  “But I am rather enjoying the reactions I get.  I’ll have to do this more often.”

Daisy was not sure she wanted Fiona to be permanently naked around the house.  She had a sudden vision of Fiona and one her girlfriends pawing each other naked in front of the television whilst she was trying to watch Strictly.

“Well, if you want, you can sunbathe in our back garden any time you like, it’s secluded enough.  Nobody’s every complained when we do.  And if you like, we can get you into our club.  There’s always a shortage of young blood.  And don’t worry.  We’re naturists, not swingers, there’ll be no hanky-panky there, the club committee doesn’t allow it.  And Daisy, are you going to join your friend?”

“She will if she loses the bet,” explained Fiona.  “Just wait for Sunday afternoon and we’ll be seeing a lot more of her.”

“You haven’t won yet!” said Daisy, desperately.  A lot could happen in the next few hours, she thought.

Fiona started walking brazenly down the street, passing people as if it was entirely normal.  And not once did she put an arm over her breasts or her hand in front of her pussy.

What did fascinate Daisy was how people reacted to a naked woman going past.  Some smiled.  Some even smirked.  Many pretended they hadn’t even noticed her.  Of course, many got out their phones and started snapping.  A few brave ones actually asked if they could take selfies.

Fiona stopped outside the supermarket.  She was carrying a bag, and from it she produced her phone.  She consulted it.

“I’ve made a list of things we need,” she said.  “And we ought to get a bottle of something for Anne’s do.  Wine or beer, do you think?”

As she was saying this, she pulled a trolley out and headed into the supermarket.  It was Saturday morning, a Bank Holiday weekend.  The place was heaving.  Daisy looked on in horror.  People in the shop looked on in amusement.  Daisy could do little except follow her friend, whose bare buttocks were wobbling in front of her.  As they approached the drinks section, a female member of staff approached them.

“OK, I don’t want any trouble,” she said.  “As long as all you do is shop, we won’t stop you.  But if you and your girlfriend get up to any funny business, we’re calling the police.”

“She’s not my girlfriend!” protested Daisy.

“Well, whatever your relationship is, no funny business.  But, to tell you the truth, this is good publicity for the shop.  Not mention the surveillance video will go down well at our next team meeting.”

She departed.  Fiona had a big grin on her face.  Daisy’s jaw dropped.

“Did you hear that about the video?” she asked.

“Well, there must be plenty of videos of me floating around now.  Another one isn’t going to make much difference.”  She held up two bottles of wine, one covering each nipple.  “Red or white?”

Once the initial flurry of excitement had passed, they continued doing their shopping in peace.  Even the woman on the checkout refused to acknowledge that there was a naked woman putting her purchases into a bag.  After they left the supermarket, Fiona produced her phone again.

“I’ve texted Anne and Paul to meet us for lunch at that café over there,” she said, pointing across the road.  Much to Daisy’s surprise, there was no traffic accident as Fiona stepped out into the road.

The others hadn’t arrived when they entered the café.  The woman behind the counter did a double take when she saw Fiona but took her order without comment.  Fiona found a free table with four seats and sat down.  To Daisy’s discomfort, the table was in the window.

Anne and Paul arrived soon after and ordered and joined them.  By now people in the street were staring in the window at Fiona as she tucked into her sandwich.  Daisy was by now very embarrassed.

Then Fiona’s phone rang.  She answered it.

“Hello, mum,” she said.  “I forgot you were coming.  I’m out at the moment, but I’ll be back soon.  See you then.”

“That was my mother,” she explained.  “My parents are coming over for a visit this afternoon.  I guess I should be heading back.”

Daisy felt a sense of relief.  Surely Fiona wasn’t going to be parading around naked in front of her parents.  She was going to win the bet after all.


The Parents

They got home, but Fiona didn’t put any clothes on.

“You’re not going to meet your parents like that, are you?” Daisy asked, worried how this was going to turn out.

“Why not?  It’s not as it this is going to shock them.  I came out to them when I was fifteen, and they were very tolerant of me and my girlfriends being naked in the house.”

And, sure enough, when her parents arrived a few minutes later, they made no comment about Fiona’s lack of clothes.  Daisy was introduced, and Fiona’s mother jumped to conclusions.

“You must be Fiona’s latest conquest,” she said.  “Did we interrupt you in the middle of something?  If you like, we can go away while you finish off.”

“I’m not her girlfriend!” Daisy protested.  And Fiona started to explain their bet.

“You’re on to a loser here,” said her father.  “She once forgot her swimming costume at school and spent the entire lesson naked.  The school complained to me, but I persuaded them not to expel her and she promised not to do it again.”

Fiona got up and went into the kitchen to make a pot of tea and get some cakes and biscuits.

“We said we’d take Fiona out to a nice restaurant we know,” he continued.  “You must come with us, I insist.”

Daisy didn’t want to go, but she could hardly refuse.  Anyway, with luck the restaurant would have a dress code and insist Fiona was dressed.

But it was not to be.  When it was time to go, they all loaded into Fiona’s parents’ car and set off to a posh restaurant that her father knew.  Much to Daisy’s chagrin, she had to sit next to Fiona in the back.  When they got to restaurant, it turned out to be one where Fiona’s father often took business clients and the staff were on first name terms with him.  They weren’t going to offend him and took Fiona’s nakedness in their stride.  They were shown to a table.

It was slight consolation to Daisy that it was an excellent restaurant and Fiona’s father said he’d pay.  But the other diners were staring in their direction, which meant they were looking at her.  She didn’t think it likely that anyone she knew would be eating there, but then she recognised one of the wait staff as a fellow student, working evenings.  And what was worse, he came over to take their orders.  Of course, he immediately recognised the two of them.

“Hello, Fiona, Daisy.  I’d heard about your bet.  I didn’t imagine you’d be coming here though,” he said.  “It’s made my day.”

“Hi, Danny,” Fiona replied.  “I’d like you to meet my parents.”

“Nice to meet you,” he said.  “Are you ready to order?”

Daisy wanted to disappear into the ground.  What was worse was that people were not only staring at them, some were coming up and taking pictures of them together.  The polite ones even asked for permission first.  At last the meal was over and they drove back to the house and Fiona’s parents left them alone.

Well, at least it will be over tomorrow, thought Daisy, but she was now sure she was going to lose the bet and she was dreading what would happen next.

The Barbecue
So the final day of the bet had arrived.  It surprised Daisy how much she now was taking Fiona’s nudity as normal.  They sat having breakfast and she was forgetting it was not usual for people to do this in the nude.  Fiona was sitting in a very unladylike pose, making the most intimate part of her anatomy visible, and Daisy didn’t even notice.  Instead, preying on her mind was her side of the bargain.  She realised that she was almost certain to lose (unless Fiona backed out or got arrested walking to the barbecue) but did she have the nerve to take her own clothes off in front of her friends?

The time had arrived and Fiona and Daisy set out to their friend’s house.  It seemed that by now, everyone in town were also ignoring Fiona’s state of undress.  Nobody even stopped them for selfies.

The barbecue was well under way when they arrived at Anne’s house and everyone cheered as Fiona entered the garden.  Daisy kept away from Fiona, hoping that she might forget what was to happen next.  And for the first hour, it seemed to work.  But then, Fiona stood on a chair and made an announcement.

“Most of you must know by now why I’m naked today, and for those of you that don’t, my friend Daisy over there has agreed that if I stayed naked up to now, she too would join me.  So Daisy, come over here and keep your end of the bargain.”

Daisy was horrified.  But there was no backing out of it now.  She didn’t want to be the one try and get out of a bet.  The people around her stepped back so she had room.  Well, here goes, she thought and pulled her t-shire up.  Another cheer went up.  Having no alternative, she carried on stripping and finally she was totally naked.

Fiona came over.  “There, that wasn’t so difficult, was it?” she said.  At least she didn’t try and hug me, Daisy thought.

“I need another drink,” she said, heading into the house.  She hoped that extra alcohol would numb her inhibitions.  And it seemed to work.  After an hour or so she could go a whole five minutes without remembering she was naked.  People even stopped starring at her.  After you’ve seen someone naked, there’s nothing more to see.

Then, as the afternoon moved into evening, something surprising happened.  Anne got up and stood on the same chair Fiona had been on.

“I know,” Anne said, “that Fiona and Daisy are only sharing a house and there is nothing going on between them.  Daisy doesn’t go that way.  But I do and I want to show Fiona something.  It’s my party, and I can strip if I want to.”

With that, she got back down and to everyone’s surprise, she too stripped off.  She then walked over to Fiona and planted a kiss on her lips.  Now, at last, Fiona was embarrassed, but she returned the kiss.

“I didn’t know!” Fiona stammered.  “You should have said something.  I didn’t realise you were interested.”  Anne led them over to a couch and they sat down together and kept their embrace going.

“Well, that was a surprise,” Daisy said to Paul, who was suddenly at her side.

“I knew she was that way inclined,” he replied, “but I didn’t know she fancied Fiona.  I think they make a great couple.”  Paul was now looking a bit embarrassed too, so much so that Daisy had totally forgotten her embarrassment.

“Well, they seem to be enjoying themselves,” Daisy added.

“Yes,” said Paul, “and I’m beginning to feel a bit envious.  I feel I must get my kit off too, just to show solidarity with you all.”  And he started stripping.

Daisy looked on in amazement as her fried removed his clothes.  He leant over and kissed her on the mouth.

“I’ve been wanting to do that for ages,” he said.

It was getting late when they separated.  Fiona and Anne were nowhere to be seen but the sounds coming from Anne’s room told them where they were.

“Do you want to come back to my place?” asked Daisy, hesitantly.  She wasn’t sure how far this relationship was going to go.

Paul’s face lit up.

“Hang on, I’ll get our clothes.”

“Oh, don’t bother,” Daisy told him.  “Fiona has been walking around like this for the last two days.  I doubt if anyone is going to object if we do likewise.”  And she set off into the street.  Paul hurried after her.

 

It was late the next morning when a sound downstairs woke Daisy up.  Paul was sleeping beside her.  Without bothering to dress she went down to find Fiona eating in the kitchen.

“You’re still naked,” she pointed out.  “The bet is over, you can get dressed now.”

“You’re still naked, too.  I didn’t have any clothes with me.  Besides, I’ve been enjoying being like this.  What’s your excuse?”

“What do you think?  I’ll give you a clue.  Paul’s here.  And yes, we spent the night together.”

“Good for you.  And I spent the night with Anne.  She said she’d pop round later.  Not sure if she’s going to dress first.  She’s finishing tidying up and thought I’d better check you were okay so I left her to it.  Are you okay?”

“Never felt better.  And suddenly I’ve no problem with you being naked all the time.  Or me for that matter.  I might do this more often.  And if you and Anne want to engage in playing around here, go ahead.  I might even watch, if I’m not busy with Paul.”

“Maybe he’ll want to watch, too.”

