NiS: Outdoor School
A Story in the Naked In School Universe
by Wizard
Copyright© 2004 by Wizard

Chapter 13

Saturday Morning

I woke up early, though at least the sun wasn't in my eyes. I scanned the room and it seemed like everyone was still asleep. At some point in the night, I'd kicked off my sheet so all I had to do was swing my legs over the side of the bed and I was up. I picked up Scooby and headed toward the shower. A few pine needles still clung to it and I made a mental note to shake it out before I took my shower.

I stepped into the shower bay and turned on two of the shower heads. I really like the feeling of hot water cascading over my body from two different directions. I decided that someday when I built my own house, I was going to have a shower with at least four shower heads. I hated that one part of my body was cold while hot water warmed the other side.

I picked up the soap and lazily lathered my body. I was enjoying the privacy of the moment. I washed my cock last and naturally it turned into a jerk off. It took only a few strokes of my soapy hand before my cock gushed out several loads of cum.

"What a waste." came a voice from behind me. I turned and the shower room was full of my entire crew of sixth graders.

Naked sixth graders.

Twenty-six naked eleven and twelve year olds and one teenager.

"Uh..." I said, embarrassed at being caught jerking off.

All the girls surged forward into the shower with me. The shower could easily hold twelve, with twenty eight of us, it was a little crowded. I had to admit that the sight of young naked bodies brushing up against each other was a major turn on. And the inevitable little fingers that explored every inch of my body helped too. In a couple of minutes my rock hard friend was back.

"Has anyone ever told you, you're cute." Janae asked as she scooted forward until my topside of my cock was pressed against her pussy slit. I wondered if Ashley had told her, they were best friends.

"I... oh!" I squawked as some little finger pushed up inside my asshole. "I think I'm getting out now." I said and pushed through the mob of young flesh. Outside the shower bay, I picked up my towel and started drying off.

"We want a beauty contest." Ashley said from somewhere in the middle of the mob. "Whose pussy is cutest?" Several of the others picked up the chant.

"Do I look stupid?" I asked loudly. "You are all cute. And I have never seen so many beautiful pussies. But I'm not gonna pick one and piss off the other twenty-six. I'm getting dressed." I said and turned toward the bunk area, momentarily forgetting that I didn't have to.

The twins were the first to follow me out. Their bodies still wet.

I sat down on the edge of my bed and they walked up to me. "Can we..." Stephy said.

"... have that?" Danni finished.

There's something extra sexy about twins. I leaned back on my elbows and nodded.

The twins immediately knelt on the outside of my legs and leaned in and started licking. I had to wonder if they'd had a lot of practice or if it was a natural twin thing because they were so coordinated in their technique. One would lick my balls while the other sucked the head of my cock, then without warning, they'd switch. Or they'd both lick the sides of my shaft, giggling as their tongues touched each other. The other girls trickled into the room and soon gathered around us.

I sat up, Janae was on one side of me and I gently stroked her cunt with the back of my forefinger, letting the knuckle push her outer lips open. Kayla was on the other side and I caressed her small tight ass. Ashley leaned past a couple of other girls and pushed her tit in my face, so I gave her erect nipple a little nip with my teeth.

"He's cumming." Danni announced, before I was aware of it myself and Stephy closed her mouth over my head to slurp up the first explosion of cream. Between spurts, her sister took her place with missing a drop and finished me off.

I was ready for a nap, but I forced myself to take charge. "Get dressed." I ordered and the girls broke up and headed for their own bunks. As the twins got up, I pulled them into a double hug, "Thank you." I said and they giggled. I let go and they skipped away.

The girls all dressed and without being told broke into groups and started cleaning the room.

I wondered if I could volunteer for next weeks outdoor school from whatever school. I could get used to this.


Chapter 14

Saturday Afternoon

"You've been a great group. I hope you've all had fun and maybe even accidentally learned something about the cycle of life in the forest. You have free time for the rest of the day. After dinner, we have a final presentation." Bill Lang was saying. There was a loud cheer and the mass of kids broke into dozens of smaller groups all headed in different directions.

I quickly found Ashley and took her hand and pulled her off toward what I thought of as our spot. Ashley grinned in expectation. My cock was behaving, hanging limply down at the ground. At the edge of the main clearing, Carly was waiting and I took her hand too. The three of us walked up the trail toward the clearing.

"I thought you didn't believe in threesomes?" Ashley challenged, sounding a little disappointed.

"There are always exceptions." I said with a grin.

We walked in silence to our clearing. I had brought my trusty towel and I spread it out on the log.

"Who starts?" Ashley asked nervously.

"I do." I said and sat down and pulled Ashley onto my lap. Carly sat down next to me, so that Ashley was facing her. "I, uh, told Carly all about what we did."

"Is she mad?" Ashley asked looking at me and not at Carly.

"No, I'm not mad." Carly said. "He didn't force you did he?" Ashley shook her head. "Then I have no reason to be mad at him. And you're old enough to do whatever you want with your own body, so I'm not mad at you."

"Then why... ?" Ashley asked looking directly at Carly.

"We just wanted to talk to you about what you did." I said.

"And what you're going to do." Carly finished.

"Are you going to tell me that I'm too young to have sex with anyone else." Ashley asked sarcastically.

"Of course not." I said. "But I think you're a very intelligent girl, and I just want you to think about what you do."

"You don't want me to act like my mom." Ashley said. "You don't want me to be a slut."

"Ashley, we..." Carly started, but I interrupted.

"Ashley..." I used my forefinger to turn her chin until she was looking straight into my eyes, "I will never think of you as a slut. If you fuck every boy in the middle and high schools, and all the teachers and janitors too, I will still not think of you as a slut."

"Okay." she said. She seemed to have a lump in her throat. "Even Mr. Temple?" she asked with just a hint of a grin.

"Even Mr. Temple." I agreed. Willy Temple was the head janitor at the middle school. He was about seventy years old and had a huge wart on the side of his neck.

"Your mom..." Carly started.

"My mom is a slut." Ashley said simply, looking at Carly.

"She's not a slut." I defended.

Ashley reached up and placed her hands on the sides of my head and turned it to look her straight in the eye again, "My mom is a slut."

I grabbed her head and held her so that our eyes were locked. "Your mom is your mom. She gave birth to a very smart, very pretty, very fun girl named Ashley. She loves you very much. She's mom, She's not a slut. Understood?"

"Understood." she agreed. "It's just..." there was a tear at the corner of her eye.

"I understand." I told her, letting go of her head, but still looking her in the eye. "Right now, we're going to talk about Ashley. But maybe it's time for you to have a talk with your mom about the birds and the bees. If you want to do that, and you want Carly or me or both of us to help, we will."

"Thank you." Ashley said, nodding. Then she looked at Carly. Carly smiled and nodded too.

"Okay. My mom is not a slut, we know that, but the rest of the world thinks she is. Is that the message?"

"The message is, that if you make sex so easy for any guy who comes along, then pretty soon all the guys will think you're good for, or good at is sex. Before long the girls will believe it too. And then, you'll start to believe it." Carly said.

"Sex is fun." I said. "Hell, sex is real fun, but it's not all there is in life. It's not what life is about."

"So what is life about?" Ashley asked, the little smart ass. I looked at Carly and she shrugged.

"I don't know yet." I admitted. "Ask me in a hundred years and I probably still won't know the answer, but I may understand the question better.

"So maybe life is about sex." Ashley suggested with a malicious grin.

"The secret of life is the search for the perfect orgasm?" Carly asked and Ashley nodded.

"Well then, you've both had it, since you've both had me, that means you can get on with the number two question of life."

Both girls groaned and Ashley got off my lap and went and sat on Carly's.

"What?" I asked innocently and Carly gave me a shove that landed me on my back behind the log with my legs sticking straight up in the air.


Chapter 15

Saturday Night

"So whose turn is it tonight?" Carly asked as she stood beside in the back of the rec hall. "Me or Ashley?"

"I've been thinking about that threesome Ashley mentioned." I said with a grin.

Carly half turned and punched me in the arm. Hard.

"Oww. What'd I do?" I whined.

"Listen Mr. Paul Connors. After this week you may think you're this big stud, but I can still take you." I had no doubts.

I hung my head and looked at my toes. "I'm sorry."

"You better be." Carly said with a smile.

I looked around and nobody was paying any attention to us. In the front of the room, Bill Lang and the teachers were giving a final presentation before we all went home tomorrow. There were even some awards. My girls won for the cleanest living area and happiest campers.

"So I suppose you're going to want to go out with Ashley, since she can't beat you up." Carly whispered.

"I'm not so sure, she's pretty tough." I said. Quietly. "If I suggested going out with her and then coming back for you, would it cause me pain?"

"Just for thinking it." Carly said and punched me in exactly the same spot.

"I think somebody needs to get laid to mellow her out, so guess I'll take you."

"Gee thanks." Carly answered and I waited for another hit, but it never came, instead she reached down and started stroking my cock back to life. I thought about telling her it wasn't the time or the place, but it felt too good.

Up on the small stage, Mr. Atwood was finishing up. "And I'm sure we all want to thank Mr. Lang for all his help this week." he said and the crowd gave him enthusiastic applause.

"Think we should come back next week?" he asked and the applause was even more enthusiastic. I noticed my girls were clapping especially hard.

"Too bad, You have to go back to real school." He said and gave an evil laugh.

"And to finish up this evening, some of the students from group one have put together a little skit for you." This was the first I heard of it. "I have a feeling that's it's something totally inappropriate. So if you want, I'll tell them they can't do it."

"NO!" several of the kids yelled.

"You mean you want to see something inappropriate?"

The kids started screaming and clapping. Pretty soon, the whole building was shaking as everyone clapped and stomped their feet in rhythm.

After almost a minute, Mr. Atwood held out his hands and quieted them down. "Okay. Okay. We'll do the skit. After they're done, you have about half an hour of free time, then back to your bunk rooms. In the morning, we're leaving about an hour after breakfast so make sure you have everything and you're ready to go. Okay, group one."

Ashley, Janae and Sally all ran up to the stage as the teachers and Bill Lang moved off to the side of the room. I waited, wondering what they were going to do, when Carly let go of my now very hard cock, took my hand and led me up there. She placed me at one side of the stage and told me to go along or I'd regret it. Carly never makes idle threats, so I nodded agreement.

Carly took her place off to the other side of the stage and faced the audience. "We've decided to act out an old joke for you." she told the hundred and twelve watching kids. "An old dirty joke." she added and most of the audience lite up with big grins. "Teachers and parents may want to step outside for five minutes." she suggested. The kids all laughed and Mr. Atwood didn't look happy.

"Incidentally, we haven't told Paul about this, so if he looks lost, he is." More laughter and I could feel the heat rising in my cheeks.

Sally came out and handed me my Scooby Doo towel and told me to wrap it around my waist, which I did.

"Everybody ready?" a few yelled 'yes', a few nodded, but most just waited.

"Once upon a time, Paul went to collage. I knew he doesn't look very smart, but this is a fairy tale and anything can happen in a fairy tale." I decided to spank her. I knew I'd pay for it later, but it would be worth it.

"Paul lived in a huge dormitory with twenty floors, elevators and everything. Girls lived on the even floors and boys lived on the odd ones." I tried to remember a joke that started this way but couldn't.

"Paul lived on the seventeenth floor and one day he needed a shower. And anyone who's stood next to Paul knows that ain't no fairy tale." I smiled at the laughing audience, thinking that a spanking wasn't enough.

"Each floor had it's own shower room but the shower on Paul's floor was broken, so he had to go down to the fifteenth floor. Paul got into the elevator carrying a bar of sap, a bottle of shampoo and wearing a towel. As Paul was about to push the button for the fifteenth floor, the doors closed, catching the edge of his towel and pulling it off him. Paul was so surprised that he accidentally pushed the wrong button."

Carly looked at me and I realized that I was supposed to act this out. I didn't know where this was going, but I knew I didn't like it. I pretended to walk carrying something in my hands. I stepped into the imaginary elevator and pretended that I was about to push a button when Sally reached out and grabbed my towel. The audience howled with laughter and I decided that they all needed a good spanking.

"Paul had pushed the button for the sixteenth floor. A girl's floor. When the elevator got there, the doors opened halfway and got stuck because of Paul's towel. Paul tried to get them to close so he could get back to his own floor, but they wouldn't."

I stepped forward and pretended to look out of the imaginary elevator. Then I stepped back and beat on the doors and pushed all the different buttons as frantically as I could.

"Paul knew that the stairwell was only about twenty feet down the hall and figured he could dash out and get to the stairs before anyone saw him. He looked out of the elevator and the coast looked clear, so he dashed into the hall." I pretended to look out of the elevator and then ran to the middle of the stage.

"Just as he got halfway, one of the doors opened and three girls stepped into the hall. They were all wearing robes and were heading for their own showers." Janae, Ashley and Sally all stepped onto the stage. "Paul recognized them and knew they were all very very near sighted and saw that none of them were wearing their glasses, so he froze like a statue with his arms held up like L's and hoped they wouldn't see him." I froze holding my elbows out from my body, arms up. Now I recognized the joke and figured the order of the girls would determine if I had to transfer schools or not.

"The girls all walked down the hallway chatting until they came to Paul." Carly said. The three girls all walked across the stage until they were right in front of me.

"Look, a new vending machine." Ashley said loudly. "I think I've got a quarter, let's try it out." Ashley reached into her pocket and pulled out an imaginary quarter and pushed it into my mouth. Then she reached out, grabbed my cock atthe head and rubbed her hand in to the base and back out again. She grinned at me, reached up to my right hand, "Look, a bottle of shampoo for a quarter." she said.

I prayed for Sally, but Janae said, "Let me try." She pulled an imaginary quarter from her pocket, pushed it into my mouth and grabbed my cock. She rubbed it in and out along the shaft and then reached up to my left hand. "Look, I got a bar of soap."

Sally stepped up in front of me. I decided that I wouldn't let my cooperate, no matter what.

"I want to try." Sally said, and placed her imaginary quarter into my mouth and grabbing my cock. She rubbed it forward and back. She reached up to my right hand, then my left hand. "Nothing!" she yelled. "I got gypped."

Have you ever had something that you didn't want to look at, but your eyes were attracted to like magnets. Like fat old Aunt Bessie in a swimsuit. Then you know how I felt as my eyes landed on Mr. Atwood. That was not a happy man, I told myself as Sally grabbed my cock again. I willed my body not to respond and tried to send Mr. Atwood a message with mental telepathy that this was not my idea.

"Damn machine stole my quarter." Sally yelled as she rubbed her hand up and down my shaft. I told myself I could hold out all night if necessary, but about six strokes later I could feel that familiar pressure in the head of my cock that told me the punchline was coming, and so was I.

At least I didn't groan or yell as a thick glob of cum spurted out of my cock onto Sally's hands. She turned to the audience displaying her prize as another spurt dribbled onto the floor. "Look, hand lotion."

I stood there dripping cum onto the stage as the audience roared with laughter.

I figured as long as there was at least one guy on the jury, I could never be convicted of Carly's murder.

And as for Mr. Atwood, there was always home school.


Chapter 16

Sunday Morning

"Great show yesterday." Doug said as I came out of the dining hall after breakfast.

"You have a future in porn." Marcia added.

"Thanks guys." I said, adding them to the list of people who were going to suffer horribly.

Then I felt like Stephen King's Carrie and erased the list.

"It's been a hell of a week, hasn't it." I said with a big smile and walked on, knowing that my good humor would bother them.

Carly was waiting for me a few feet away. "Does that smile mean I'm forgiven?" she asked.

"No, it means I'm bugging the hell out of Doug and Marcia." I told her.

Last night after the skit I'd gone back to my bunkroom alone, and hadn't gone out with Carly or Ashley. Of course, after cumming on stage, I really didn't need to. Hell, this morning I woke up without a boner for the first time in at least six years. I figured the little fellow had enough.

"It was just a joke. Can't we talk about this." Carly asked.

I pictured spanking Carly, then remembered that I'd erased my Carrie list.

"There's nothing to talk about. It was a great skit. I'm just being childish."

"Then you're not mad?" she asked hopefully.

"Of course I'm mad. I told you that I'm being childish. There's no way I'm going to waste a good mad."

"Do you think you'll get over anytime soon?"

"The mad? Probably in ten or fifteen minutes. The embarrassment? I figure if I keep a real low profile for seven or eight years, people will forget all about it. I didn't want to go to Stanford anyway. I'll just live in my parent's basement and stuff envelopes for a living and become a curmudgeon."

"Your parent's don't have a basement." Carly reminded me.

"You're not helping." I told her and walked away. I couldn't help grinning as soon as my back was to her. Carly is very hard to stay mad at. Over the years, believe me, I've tried.

I walked into the bunkroom and the girls were in about six clusters. "Okay..." I yelled. "Who's not packed yet?"

I wasn't surprised when Ashley raised her hand. I was surprised when she was the only one.

"Bring her to me." I ordered and laughed maniacally. I practice my maniac's laugh, you never know when it will come in handy. Several of the girls, including Janae and Kayla grabbed Ashley and dragged her toward me.

When they got close, I grabbed her wrist and hauled her onto my lap, face down. I raised my hand to spank, then looked up at the crowd. "With or without pants?" I asked, and all of them yelled 'without'. I reached under her and unfastened Ashley's fly and pulled down the zipper. Then I skinned her tight jeans down her thighs to her knees.

Again I raised my hand to strike, stopped, and looked at the crowd. "With or without panties?" 'Without' they yelled without hesitation and I reached down again and pulled her pink butterflied panties down to her jeans. As I adjusted her on my lap, I could feel the tip of my cock pressed against the fold of her pussy.

I raised my hand again and this time let it fall with a loud smack. I gave her two more, then lifted her to her feet. I looked her in the face, "Packed! Now!" I said and she scampered through the mob toward her bunk.

She got about halfway there, turned and ran back and gave me a big hug, then ran back to her bunk and started throwing her clothes and other stuff into a backpack.

"If you're packed, I want your stuff piled outside the door, then I want this place spotless." I was amazed at how quickly everyone jumped to obey. I might have a career as a tyrant.


I stood outside the bus watching my girls chatting in small groups. The other counselors were frantically trying to get their groups organized and luggage loaded. We were done.

There are definite advantages to being a tyrant.

Carly came up beside a few minutes later.

"Would you like to ride together?" she asked. "Mr. Atwood said that all us high schoolers are officially off duty."

"I'm pretty sure that Mr. Atwood would prefer that I stay here in the woods." I said, wondering if one less recommendation letter in my Stanford file would make the difference. Stanford is hard to get into.

"Mr. Atwood is not mad at you. He knew exactly what we were going to do, I told him beforehand."

"And he agreed?"

"After I reminded him how much he liked my tits."

"And the other teachers knew too?"

"Mr Linwood and Mr Martell both like my tits too."

"Please don't tell me Mrs Tate liked your tits. I don't think I could handle it."

"No, but Mrs Tate has more of a sense of humor than most people give her credit for. And since she could retire at any minute, she also doesn't give a damn what anybody else thinks. She does think you have a nice tool, by the way. Her exact words."

I really didn't want to think about Mrs Tate admiring my tool.

"So Mr. Atwood knew his only daughter was going to jack me off in front of the whole sixth grade?" I said, starting o relax.

"Well..."

"Carly!" I said sharply.

"He knew the joke, and he knew that Sally had a part in the skit." she hesitated, "I may not have mentioned which part."

"I've waited my whole life to go to Stanford and now I'll be lucky to get into Watermelon Mountain Community Collage." I moaned.

"No community collage for you. You'll come to Columbia with me." Carly promised.

"I don't want Columbia. I want Stanford!" I said stomping my foot like a two year old. Carly patted me on the head.

Doug and Marcia walked by on their way to bus three and I nodded politely at them. Doug had his arm around her, his hand on her ass. "She'll dump him by Monday." Carly said cattily.

"Ha." I snorted. A lot you know. Ten to one says She'll dump him before the bus comes to a stop back at school."

"Fifty cents." Carly challenged.

"You're covered."

My girls were lining up to get on the bus and I took Carly by the hand and pulled her over into the line. Once again the girls all settled in the back of the bus. Carly started to pull me into a seat in the middle but I pulled her along and we sat in the middle of the group of chatting girls and talked to all of them all the way back to school.

After all, they were my girls.

Afterward

It was, as I've said before, one hell of a week. And several months later, I still haven't decided if I think The Program is a good idea. I mean, my girls will be in high school in a couple more years, do I really want Ashley, or Janae or Sally to go through it.

I won my bet with Carly. Doug was history about the time their bus hit the city limits. I haven't collected my fifty cents yet, but Carly promises me I will. She says she'd rather owe it to me than beat me out of it.

Mr. Atwood was cool to me for a couple of weeks but at the end of the school year wrote me a fantastic letter of reference for my Stanford file. He even mentioned that I'd had to go through the NIS program during the week I'd volunteered at Outdoor school. He said I handled a difficult situation with a great deal of maturity.

When we got back to school, Jerry had decided that he wanted to go out with the Polaski sisters. Cindy was a junior and Maryanne was a freshman. So Carly and I went out for a couple of months, but now we're both seeing other people. We're still best friends, thank God we didn't ruin that. And we still have sex when the mood hits us, which being red blooded American teenagers is a lot.

Carly, Ashley and I had a long talk with Ashley's mom. It was uncomfortable for everybody, but I think she understood how much her actions were bothering Ashley and how her reputation could effect Ashley too. She's been pretty good for a couple of months now.

Ashley and I get together for some vigorous exercise about once a week or so. Thankfully we use beds now instead of the ground. Ashley has hinted that Janae wants to join in, but I've been firm. So far.

I still help out at the middle school so I see 'My Girls' a lot. They come to me for advice on their problems, especially with boys, and that makes me feel pretty good. Most of them try to cop feels or offer other services, but I've told them that the program is over. Some times it's no fun being a good guy.

The only other thing I can think of that you might be interested in is the first three school days after we came back.

On Monday, when we got to school, Beech decided that since Carly and I had not been on school property for our program, that we had to do it again. Carly flat out refused and I backed her up. When he threatened to have us stripped, she let him know that she'd file assault charges against anybody who touched her and him. Beech suspended us so loudly that people in the hallway knew about it.

On Tuesday, Mr Turner came back from his surgery, un-suspended us and pronounced us satisfactorily completed with the NIS program. He also removed the suspensions from our records. As we came back to school, Carly and I started plotting our revenge.

On Wednesday, at the weekly teacher's meeting, Mr. McCoy, the superintendent reamed the Ol'Leech a new one for sending naked teenagers on a middle school trip, for trying to send us through the program a second week, for suspending two of the school's best students, and for doing it so loudly that the whole school knew about it. The last was a little unfair since he was so loud that a couple dozen students in the hall outside the teacher's lounge enjoyed the show.

Apparently the district is not going to pick up Beech's contract next year.

Carly and I decided to be big about it and not pour salt in his wounds.

No revenge for us.

Unless we happen to think of something really good.