My Sister Locked Us Outside Naked!
By Col-El

This is the story of two beautiful sisters, Lilly and Becca, who are home alone on this quiet evening. Daddy was at work, so they had the whole place to themselves for the night. Lilly was loading her washing machine with laundry, until she starts noticing a weird smell; the scent is coming from her cotton jumper. "Ew, gross" She though before removing the jumper, sure she only had a bra on underneath, but she didn't mind throwing the jumper in for a wash. A thought occurs: this inspires her to remove her socks, then her jeans, then she takes off her silky bra and underwear; throwing them into the washing machine with the rest of her clothes. Lilly stood naked in front of the locked machine as it starts washing her clothes; she knew how naughty this was, but the wide smile on her face shows that she couldn't care less.

Becca was sitting on the living room sofa, eating from a bowl of chips; she turns to see her sister boldly stride into the room and sit next to her fully clothed sibling. "What the hell?" Becca said to her nude sister, disapprovingly. Lilly explains how she decided to wash the laundry, including everything she was wearing. "It's just a body, i need to let my bits breath" Lilly said, munching on a handful of chips. "So what now, are you just going to start walking around naked all night?" Becca asked. Lilly responds by shrugging her shoulders - "Yeah maybe." Then an idea came to Becca, an naughty idea. "Well if you feel so confident with your body, then you should walk outside naked." Lilly was confused, was this a joke or a legitimate request from her sister? Becca is serious, as she dares Lilly to walk the length of the backyard and back with no clothes. Lilly is up for the challenge, but only if Becca joins her. Becca swallows her pride and strips of her soft pyjamas as Lilly encourages her. Becca was the more self conscious of the two. Either way, the fully nude sisters make their way to the backyard; feeling a mixture of nervousness and excitement.

The two sisters slowly creep out of the back door, leaving their clothes far behind them. "This is it" they both thought to themselves. "I can't believe we’re doing this." Lilly whispers excitedly. She has secretly wanted to do this for a while now. They make their way further across the backyard, Lilly feels more naughty with every step she takes out into the open; as the cool breezes lightly touches every inch of her soft skin. Her body likes this feeling, it's tingling more and more; her nipples are now hard enough to cut through glass. Her body maybe cold, but her pussy is getting warmer. Becca isn't enjoying this as much, as she tries in vein to cover her slim but thick figure; she regrets exposing herself in cold. She found this embarrassing; so much so that she makes a dash back to the door, in order to lock Lilly out of the house for, just a laugh. By the time Lilly figures out what her mean older sister was planning, Becca has already made it to the door; but she can't open it no matter how hard she tried. "Oh no, it's locked!" Lilly rushes over in fear. "Are you kidding me!?" Lilly said to her sister. "No!" Becca replied with certainty. And so the two sisters were trapped outside, exposed to the open cold and unable to get inside for their clothes.

The girls were left helpless and could barely catch their breath as their naked bodies start shivering; the cold wind touches their sensitively bare skin. Becca resorts to cowering behind her taller sister and hugging her in a vein attempt to warmly cover up. There was nowhere else for them to hide. “I don’t want anyone to see my boobs. Becca says, wrapping her arms around her sister for support. Lilly responds by telling her to keep her voice down. Their minds are filled with fear and paranoia about whether the neighbours could tell if these two young, attractive women were running around naked. What if daddy hears about what his two daughters were doing while he was away; he'll be home any moment now! Becca tightly squeezes her sisters soft body. Neither of them wanted to think about what he'd do to them if he saw them right now. “Daddy's going to kill us both." Lilly said nervously; Becca squirms in terror as a response. A window of the house next door lights up. This spooks the girls. “Hide!” Lilly whispers; the two scared sisters crouch down on the cold ground, cowering against a fence, hoping that no one sees them.

The moment passes, and their hearts are still pounding . "Oh my god! This all your fault, Becca!" Lilly said as her delight and pleasure turned into sadness and embarrassment. "My fault? You wanted to walk around everywhere with no clothes on!" Becca argued. The two continue shivering, as they start rubbing their hands across their nude bodies for warmth. "Fuck it's cold." Becca said. Lilly responds: "You we're the one who wanted go outside." Becca retaliates: "Lilly, you agreed to do it! I saw that you we're enjoying it earlier." Lilly gets defensive. "I was not, you lair!" Becca continues: "Oh please, look at yourself. You're soaking wet." Lilly looks down to see her pussy is dripping. She blushes in embarrassment, trying to stop it with her cold hands; and yet something inside her still enjoys being out in the open without any clothes to cover herself. Becca teases her sister, but that just turns Lilly on even more. " Please stop." She says.

The two notice something in the corner of their eye, a window that was halfway opened. "Yes!" Thought, finally a way to get inside before Daddy gets home. The two hurry to the window, it doesn't leave that big of a gap, but I was open nonetheless. Becca sees the opportunity and tries to climb her chunky body through the small gap in open window; she gets her head and arms inside, but is unable to squeeze her large boobs and wide hips in. Leaving her trapped on the windowsill, her fat ass on display to the neighbourhood outside. "I'm stuck!" Becca whispers. "Oh my god seriously." Lilly responds in frustration. Lilly grabs her naked sister by the waist and tires pull her out: she moans in pain; Lilly stops to tell her Becca to be quiet. She tries again to similar results, Becca covering her mouth so her screams couldn't alert the neighbours. "Oh you fat bitch!" Lilly thought as desperately pulls her sister's waist again and again; it's no use.

It was at this point that Lilly has had enough of her sisters shit. As she slaps Becca's fat ass with a loud smack. Becca reflexively squeals: "What are you doing?" She begs for answer, but Lilly continues smacking again and again. Punishing her already humiliated sister, who is currently unable to protect herself. "This is what you get!" Lilly says as she watches the skin on Becca's butt jiggle and slowly turn red with each strike of her icy cold hands. Becca begs her sister to stop touching her; but Lilly is taking pleasure in punishing the sister that got them into this mess, refusing to listen. She laughs and smiles at their sisters cries. She loves the feeling of Becca's soft skin, her squishy ass in her hand; she continues as her pussy is dripping down her thighs. All of a sudden, the backdoor swings opens: as a smart dressed, middle aged man steps outside. It was their father, who stumbles upon his two naked daughters out in the backyard; one hitting the other. "What the hell is going on!" He said with anger. This gets the girls are both speechless. Lilly falls silent in shock and fear; she covers herself with her hands on the verge of tears. Their dads stair made both girls feel more naked then they already do. Meanwhile the father just looks at the two with fire like rage in his eyes. "Both of you, inside, now!"

The end.
