It was hot summer day at Calcutta,India. Raja was tired of hot
bengal summer. He could hardly stay inside. So he came out to the
long cool bheranda of his family banglo. There was a big mango
tree casting cool shade on the bheranda. Raja soothed himself
with the gentle breeze. Suddenly, his eyes were caught at the
window of his mother Purnima. Purnima is a doctor herself. The
window of her bedroom was only 20 ft away from the bheranda of
Raja's room. Purnima was coming from her long duty from the
hospital. She was exhausted, but she never let herself look tired
even in the extreme circumstances. She is a fashionable bengali
lady at her early forties. She is very fair, has long curly black
hair and big deerlike eyes. Purnima makes herself more beautiful
by make- uping in a rather casual fashion-not too obvious, but
very attractive. Raja always liked his mom Purnima debi. He even
masterbated often imagining his dear mom. Being only 17, he has
never experienced any sexual relationship with anybody. Normal
girls of his age does not appeal to him that much. He likes
Purnima very much. He dream about marrying some lady like Purnima
someday. Anyway, Raja went back to his room and brought out his
powerful binocular which he got at his last birthday from his
father. He hid himself behind the drape of his window and focused
hard inside Purnima's bedroom and waited to see his mom undress.
Purnima was not in the room then. Raja could hear Purnima in the
kitchen giving instruction to the maid. After a couple of
minutes, Purnima came to the bedroom still in her apron and light
white Jamdani saree. She had her hair tucked into a big khopa and
wearing her thin rimless eye glasses. Raja could not hold her
breadth as his mother removed her apron. She then swithed the fan
to its full speed and stand under it. Raja focused to her face
now. Purnima looked so beatuiful with some beads of sweat on her
cheek that if, right now, sexy bolywood heroin Madhuri comes to
him and asked him to fuck her, he would swap the sexy actress for
just one kiss to the beads of sweat at Purnima's cheek. Purnima
was still wearing very deep red lipstick on her pauty lips. She
was biting her glistening full lips as she started untucking her
big khopa. She let her long black hair loose which fell below her
waist. Raja now focused on her partially bare belly. As a
fashionable lady as Purnima was, she had her petti- coat atleast
3 inch below her naval. Raja was very excited watchting her fair
smooth skin at her belly. It was not very flat, but a little
bumpy. There was even a layer of fat which gathered all the sweat
from her upper body. It is normal for a Bengali lady to have a
layer of fat or two at her belly. It is very sexy too. Raja again
imagined himself licking those sweats out of Purnima's belly.
Suddenly, Purnima let her saree to fall on the floor. Raja was so
excited that blood from all over his body rushed to his cock and
it grew very big. With this erection, he lost the focus of his
binocular. When he got it back, Purnima has finished removing her
saree from her boby. Right now, she was wearing only the blouse
and the petticoat. Raja waste no time and looked hard to
Purnima's big brests. They were big and the blouse and bra were
struggleing hard to keep them tame. Since Purnima was sweating,
Raja could easily see her bra through her blouze. Purnima at this
point turned around and put off her petticoat with out any
notice. With in a flash her round ass was in full view. Her ass
was even more fair than rest of her body, but areas near her ass
cheek was brownish black. She did not have any hair on or aroung
her ass cheek. Raja was little surprised as most of the bengali
women hardly shave anywhere. They think that hairs on ass, around
pussy and even armpits are sexy which really is. But Raja not
seeing any hair on his mom's ass was not disappointed. Rather
Purnima's clean ass mounds made his erection bigger and harder.
Raja untie his pajama lace and let it fall on the floor. He
started stroking his 8 inch cock gently which was hard like
steel. Then, some hair clip from Purnima's hair fell on the floor
and she bent down to pick it up giving a broad display of her ass
hole to Raja's eager eyes. Her ass holes was a blackish brown
spot in the middle of very fair skin. The ass cheeks were reddish
and everyting was clean shaved. Raja was stroking his cock faster
now. Purnima then did some thing very strange for a sophisticated
lady like herself. She brought on of her finger with long nails
near her ass hole and started scratching her ass cheek. She then
inserted the finger inside her ass hole only a little bit and
poked her ass for some long 30 seconds. She then brought her
finger out and smelled it holding it before her nose. Raja could
not hold his cum anymore and shoot a big load to the floor. But
his cock was as hard as it was before. He then concentrate on the
eyepiecec again. Purnima has turned aroung by then. Raja could
not clearly see her cunt as she was standing. But he could tell
that her cunt was also completely shaven. Purnima then raised
both of her hands over her head for some reason. It looked like
she was streching or something. But to Raja the reason was the
least important. He was watching the big bloch of wetness from
sweat at her armpits. Her offwhite blouse had become transparent
from all the sweat and showing clearly that she had a big bush of
black hair on both of her armpit. Raja had never seen something
so sexy in his life. He wiped his toung over his lips imagining
how delicious and sexy it would be to lick the sweat out of his
mom's armpit hair. Purnima umaware of all these, started
unbuttoning her blouse. Her tits looked bigger under her bra now.
Purnima finally put off her bra too. Now she was full naked. Raja
had never seen any tits so beautiful in his life, not even in
porno movies. They were fair, full, little sagged with pink
nipples and very large. They seemed to be lager than what appears
from outside. He imagine himself touching his mom's tits with
both hands and licking her nipples. Raja could not think any
more, but shoot second session of cum to the floor. Purnima then
wiped all the sweat from her body with a towel. She raised her
armpit again and wiped the sweat from there too. She then brought
her nose close to one of the armpit and smell it. She looked
satisfied with the smell. She then went away from the window and
probably went to the bathroom for shower. Raja was by now
completely mad with desire and sex, he started to masterbate
vigoruosly. Coming twice just minutes ago didnot even have any
effect on his erection. He was dreaming about fucking his sweet
mom Purnima and stroking with closed eyes. "Raja, what are you
doing, young man?" It was Purnima. Raja never heard her coming.
He must be masterbating for quite long time. Purnima came to
Raja's room to find his rajor to shave her cunt and foung her son
masterbating himself. Purnima is no old fashioned prudish lady.
She understands the feeling teenage boys have about sex. So she
was rather shocked than mad at Raja. Raja, on the other hand,
never dreamed about been in a situation like this. He could not
even look at his mom. If he did he could see that his mom is only
wearing the saree with out any blouse or petticoat. Raja could
not think of anyhing to say. Purnima sensing her son's
embarrassemnt said, "Don't feel guilty son for what you are
doing. Only that it is not the best way to meet your sexual urge.
Have you ever thought about seeing any girl?" Raja was relieved
to hear what his mom was saying. He gathered some courage and
said, "Mom, I don't like girls of my age. I like lady like you
and want to marry some lady as beautiful as you." 'Oh, that's
interesting. You are not going to marry soon and where would you
find a lady like your mom? So what can be done mean while."
Purnima smiled and said, "Unless you want to do things you like
to do with your wife when you are married with your mommy." Raja
could not believe his ears. He only said, " Mom, you let me love
you like my wife." "I don't know your wife, but I surely would
let you love your mommy as hard as you can. Now don't talk and
come to me. Let me see your big cock. It is not good to waste cum
by masterbating. " Raja was entranced. He walked to his mom. His
cock had become only 2 inch from the shock. Purnima hold Raja's
cock in her soft hand and instatly it began to grow. It assumed
its full length and widht within a minute. Purnima was very happy
to see her hands causing magic to her son's cock. With out giving
Raja any chance to react, Purnima took his 8 inch cock in her
mouth and started sucking it very hard. Raja was not ready for
this. He reached heaven with the experienced sucking of his own
mom. He only managed to say, "Mommy, I might come in your mouth."
He could not wait a moment after that but came with strong waves
inside his mom's mouth. Purnima swallowed every bit of fresh cum
from her son's cock. She then smiled at his son and said, "your
cum tastes so good, my boy" Purnima then put off her saree and
became full naked. She gave one of her tits to Raja to lick. Raja
licked like a baby to her mom's boob. He then sucked the other
tit too. Raja was hard again. He gathered himself somewhat from
the early shock and said, "Mom, you are not going to shave your
armpit hair? are You? because, they are so sexy. They made me
desire you even more." "So, you were looking at my bedroom all
this time I was undressing. You naughty boy. I'll never shave
hairs on my armpits. Only my pussy and ass will be clean shaved.
Now fuck your mom good. I am so horny giving you head." Purnima
then lie on Raja's bed and he inserted his cock in his mom's
cunt. she asked Raja not to rush things, take deep breath and
relax. Raja was fucking his mom very good especially for his
first ever fuck. Purnima raised her armpit and let Raja lick her
hairs there. They smelled so kinky that Raja started fucking
faster. Purnima again calmed down her son and said, "Don't be too
eager son. Then you'll come too early. I don't want you to come
prematurely. Ralax and give me the best fuck of my life." Raja
listened and fucked his mom for long long time. By the time he
was about to come inside his mom's cunt, Purnima had come atleast
four times. When Raja came like floods in her, Purnima closed her
eyes in content and came herself once more time. End of part 1.
Part 2 will be coming depending on the response this one gets.
Sent via Deja.com http://www.deja.com/ Share what you know. Learn
what you don't.






 
