My name is noshin and I thought I seduced my younger cousin, but, in
fact, he busted my cherry and fucked me like a cheap slut again and
again, till the wee hours of the morning. By that time both of us
were soaking wet in a profuse mixture of his cum and my pussy juice,
but neither he nor I had the will or the strength to get up and have
a bath. We wiped and dried our selves with a towel, threw away the
wet bed sheets and slept naked in each others arms.

We woke up around noon time and had a hearty brunch. Then we took a
shower together and put on new clothes. farid walked over to his
room and I fixed up my bedroom. I changed the bed-sheets and took
the soiled ones, which had witnessed the intense battle of sexes the
night before, to the laundry room and dropped them in the washer.

Though, I was feeling a bit tired because of the intense nocturnal
cock and cunt shoving and pushing, yet in the after glow of
surrendering my virginity, I found myself enveloped in an ethereal
cocoon of peace and tranquility. Good night fucking proved to be
extremely soothing, both physically and psychologically for me and I
felt like a newly wed, on the day after.

I was very much engrossed in my own thoughts and enjoying a
beautiful moment of complete relaxation, when the door bell rang. I
jumped up and went to the door, to find out, who was trying to
disturb my post-fucking happiness that I achieved in my life, for
the very first time. It was none other than sana my very best
friend. She came in and looked at me from head to toe. Her thorough
visual scrutiny gave me the impression; she was trying to recognize
me, as I had, somehow, changed overnight.

I became restless because her intense gaze was kind of ripping me
apart. I had no recourse, but to ask, "sana kya daikh rahi
ho? "Tumhain noshin tumhain, aur yeh maloom kernay kee koshish ker
rahi hoon, keh tum budli budli see kyoun lag rahi ho!" She said.
Before she could pass any other comment about my, some how
transformed personality, I said, "Mugar main to wahi hoon, tumhai
punoshin suhaili. Main to zera see bhi nahin badli."

"Nahin koi bat zaroor hai; tum bohut chamak rahi ho! noshin main
tumhain buchpan say janti hoon, aisa ho hee nahin sukta, keh meri
ankhain mujhe dhoka day jaain!" She amply stressed upon the last
part of her speech.

"OK! OK! sana tum theek keh rahi ho." I admitted, adding, "Main rat
bher chuddi hoon." Her jaw dropped to the floor with astonishment
and she quickly asked, "Kaisay, kis say?"

I took her to my room, seated her on the bed, drew a chair and
dropping in it, I whispered to her, "Raat, farid nay meri kuwari
choot phaR dali apnay motey lund say aur phir mujhe duba kay bar bar
choda." Her mouth opened in a big O and taking a deep breath, she
suddenly released it, making a high pitched sound and then
said, "Haye Allah, yeh tum kia keh rahi ho?"

"Main jo bhi keh rahi hoon sub kuchh such such keh rahi hoon!" I
came out with the truth. She gave me a bewildered look and
asked, "Tum nay ussey sub kuchh kernay dia?"

"Main kia ker sukti thee. Main to khood chudnay kaliye baqarar
thee." I kept silent for a moment and then added, "Main nay to
soucha tha keh ussay seduce karoun gee, mughar woh to eik number ka
choudu nikla; uss nay to 20/25 luRkian pehlay say hee chod chukka
hai."

"Who kaisay." She asked. "Uska dost Nasir hai nan; uskay ghar main,
yeh kam koi 8 months say chal reha hai."

She kept quiet and seemed to be engrossed in deep thought. Then she
came out of it and looking me straight in the eye, she asked, "Kahin
uski behan ka nam Nasirah to nahin?"

"Han uska nam Nasirah hee hay. Kya tum unhain janti ho?" I
asked. "Bohut achhi tarah! Meri cousin Nasreen ka unkay ghar bohut
ana jana hay." She replied. I was a bit shocked on receiving this
news; my head was bent forward and I was looking at my feet.

"Kahan kho gai ho bunno?" She said, lifting my face up by holding my
chin. "Kahin bhi to nahin. Muggar main soch rahi thee." sana cut me
off adding, "Kahin woh bhi to wahan chudwanay kay liye nahin jati?"

"Who issi kam kaliye hi wahan her doosaray teesaray roz aati hai."
farid stepped in speaking quite loudly. We both looked at him in a
state of shock. "Is main itna hairan honey wali koi bat nahin; uss
jaise bohot see laRkian wahan aati rehti hain."

Locking my eye balls with his, I asked, "farid kia tum chhup kay
hamari batain sun rehay thay?" "Nahin baji main nain siraf akhari
bat suni thi aur assal bat batanay kay liye under aa gia. Kia aap ko
mera yoon aa jana bura laga?" He enquired. "Nahin aisee to koi bat
nahin!" I replied. Before I could say anything else, sana blurted
out her question, "farid kia tum nay uskay sath kia hai?" "Kya?" He
asked giving her the impression, he didn't understand, what she was
talking about. "Wo hee!" She said, stressing the last word a bit.

He got a little irritated and came out a bit strongly, "sana baji
agar aap yeh janana chahti hain keh main ussay chodta hoon to yeh
such hay. Bulkay pura such to yeh hay keh uska kunwar bhi main nay
hi khola tha."

We kept quite for a moment. Then I asked him to grab a chair and
join us. He sat very close to me. sana's inquisitiveness made her
restless and she asked, "farid jab tum uskay sath kertay ho to kya
woh bohut mazza laiti hai?" "Hanh lagta to yehi hee hai. Waisay sana
baji, Nasreen bohut chudas aurat hai." "Who kya hota hai." She
asked. "Uska mutlab hai key woh bohut ziada chudwati hai." farid
explained. "Magar farid, woh aisa kyoun kerti hai?" sana wanted to
know some tangible reason for Nasreen's unusually potent sexual
appetite. "Woh to abhi mushkil say 16/17 baras kee hai."

farid seemed to be getting a little upset by this line of
questioning. He came out in a very straight forward manner, "Daikho
sana baji, Nasreen to phir bhi 16/17 saal ki hai, yahan to 13/14
baras ki laRkian din rat chudwati hain. Ab raha swal keh woh aisa
kyoun kerti hain, to uska eik hi jawab hai. Siraf aur siraf jawani
ka muzzay lootnay kaliye."

As he finished his part of speech, he stood up, held my hand and
pulled me on to my feet. His arms went around my lithe body, hugging
me into a tight embrace. My round and firm breasts flattened against
his muscular chest. His mouth devoured my lips, starting a deep
passionate kiss. This was quite a turn on for me. My right hand
descended down on to his crotch and started fondling his hard on.

He broke the kiss and kind of implored me, "Baji bister per challo,
main nain aapko abhi aur issi waqt chodna hai." I replied in a voice
trembling with deep lust, "Wahan lajanay say pehlay mujhay nungi to
ker lay." He got busy right away. First he pulled my kameez [shirt]
up an above my head and threw it away. Then my shalwar [baggy pants]
went south and hit the floor. I was now in bra and panty.

As I moved towards the bed, sana got off of it, slumped into a chair
and moved it very close to the bed, for enjoying a front row view of
the ensuing live action. By the time I got on the bed, farid had
shucked his clothes off and was jerking his thick and hard cock with
his right hand. He joined me on the bed and said, "Baji apni bra to
uttarain. Aapko putta hai keh main apkay mummay hathon main pakaR
ker apki choot ko chodta hoon." I quickly complied with his request.

I was now feeling extremely horny and wanted to be fucked right
away. Laying down on my back and opening my legs wide, I invited
him, "farid aa mairay ooper chhaRh, meri choot main apna lauRa dal
aur shuroo ker day chudai." He took a pillow, shoved it under my
butt and then got on top of me. Natural lubricant was leaking freely
from my pussy, in anticipation of the fucking treat, I was going to
get. My vagina was very wet for his cock to bottom out, with a
single thrust. He, however, well lubricated the thick head of his
cock with a blob of saliva, rubbed it down from the top of my pussy
and as it aligned with my fuck hole, he gave a mighty push, burying
it to the hilt.

"Mera lauRa puray ka pura uter gia hay teri choot main rundi, ab
chudnay kaliye tayyar ho ja." Saying that he cupped my tits in his
hands and while fondling them he started rubbing the hard nipples
between his thumbs and index fingers. I started moaning and heard
myself saying, "Behenchod! apni behen ki choot khoob muzzay say
chod, jiska to nay kal kunwar phaRa tha." He started fucking my
pussy with his cock, the way I liked it the best. My hips began a
dance of their own, in unison with his powerful strokes. I was now
moaning loudly and saying repeatedly, "farid mar apni rundi behen ki
choot; main tairay lauRay kay qurban, jo daba key chod reha hai meri
choot; main chhoot rahi hoon."

He fucked my pussy with his cock, as there was no tomorrow and I
loved every push and shove of his hard and thick cock hitting my
cervix. His cock was moving out to the tip and going all the way in,
with a bang. He was also hurling profanities at me, because he knew
very well that I love his accompanying porno comments, throughout
the screwing operation. He was saying, "Teri choot bohut muzza daiti
hai meri slutty baji; mairay louRay ko daba daba kay gullay lugati
hai teri choot." I promptly responded, "Chodnay ka shukria ada karti
hai aur kehti hai issi tarah bar bar chod behenchod, haram ki aulad."

"Mujh say choot murvanay wali chudas rundi, to nain meri maan ko
gaali dee hai. Kia woh mairay bap kay illawa kissi aur say bhi
chudwati thee?" With these words he wanted to start a mock verbal
battle, which definitely heightens the pleasure of primordial battle
of sexes. I was ready with the answer, "Mujhe kia pata keh woh kis
kis say chudwati thee, behenchod. Rundi ka kya bharosa, woh jab
chahay, jehan chahay kissi kay lauRay say mouj musti ker lay, jaisay
main ker rahi hoon. Pure zor say chod meri choot apnay lauRay say;
khoob dil laga kay chod mujhe, behen kay yar."

He started pumping my pussy hard and my hips went into an overdrive.
Now both of us were sweating profusely. He was moaning constantly
and intermittently opened his foul mouth to level filthiest remarks
at my behavior, during the on going sexual bout. He was
saying, "Rundi hill hill kay chudwana baRi jaldi seekh liya hai to
nay." He did not have to wait long for my rejoinder, as I blurted
out my share of the nasty language, "Meri choot teray lauRay ko
gallay laga ker chodnay ka shukria ada ker rehi hai aur keh rehi hai
hemaisha aisay hee choda ker behenchod."

The frenzy of fucking was at its zenith now. I had innumerable light
intensity orgasms so far. During the very first night of fucking, I
had learnt the art of having multiple orgasms. Now, I had gone a
step forward and was having a mild orgasm at every thrust of his
cock in my vagina. However, my pussy feels sad and empty, when he
pulls his hard cock out of my fuck hole, but bursts into a wonderful
orgasm, when he fills it up to the hilt, on the forward push.

His cock started twitching and swelling in my cunt, which is a clear
indication of his approaching orgasm. I knew he was getting quite
close to spewing gobs upon gobs of his incestuous baby making juice
in my body, but I did no want that to happen, as yet. I loved
prolonged fucking to satisfy my greed for the cock and a never
ending orgasm. With that in mind, I locked my ankles at the small of
his back and stopped the fierce pumping of his cock in my pussy. He
got a little annoyed and asked me, "Rundi behen chuddai kyoun rouk
dee? Itna muzza aa reha tha aur main bhi jheRnay wala tha." His hard
and heavy cock was fully embedded in my pussy and I was experiencing
the ecstasy of the ultimate union. I retorted nastily, "Main abhi
yeh nahin chahti, Mujhe tumharay ooper chaRh kay apni choot say
tumharay louRay ko chodna hai aur jab main poori tarah khalas ho
jaoun gee to tub tum bhi meri choot main chhoot jana. Sumjhay!"

"Achha! Jaisay teri murzi chudas rundi."

He knew the drill of me getting on top, as we had practiced this
maneuver quite a few times during repeated fucking, the night
before. We held each other tight and rolled over. In the next
moment, I was sitting on his crotch with his hard cock wedged in my
spastic vagina, right up to the balls. Supporting my body weight on
my knees, I started bobbing my hips up and down, first slowly and
then faster. Now I was in complete control of the fucking operation
and savored every second of my commanding position. His hard cock
was touching my cervix on each and every downward thrust and I loved
to hold it there for a couple of seconds. The feeling was simply out
of this world. I was also enjoying the dull thuds emanating from the
rapid banging of our wet crotches together.

With every passing moment, the fucking was getting wilder. I was
moaning and groaning with the powerful thrusts of his cocks in my
pussy and was continuously expressing my innate lust in the
filthiest words possible, like; "behen ki choot say apna lauRa
chudwa reha hai behenchod. Teri muzzay ki mari huee chudas aurat
tujhe jee bher kay chod rehi hai aur chodati rehay gee jub tuk uski
choot poori tarah jheR nahin jati."

He was not lagging behind by any standard and was coming up with the
nastiest rejoinders of his own, like; "Chhotay bahi ki athais[28]
saala chudas tikhai, tujhe appnay bhaia kay illawa aur koi nahin
milla tha chodwanay kaliye; Kal mainay teri kuwari choot phaR dali
apnay tunnay huvay lund say aur tujhe apni dashta [rakhail] bana
lia."

I was getting very close to my final gigantic orgasm and it began
railroading through my body, initiating powerful jolts in my vaginal
muscles. Tremendous pussy spasms and involuntary vaginal convulsions
were milking the entire length of farid's cock and it proved to be
an ultimate push over for him. Both of us were in the throes of our
thunderous orgasms and were gasping for air like marathon runners.
Right in the middle of my ultimate orgasm, farid pushed his cock
deep into my pussy from below, with downward pressure of his hands
on my thighs and spewed rope after rope of his incestuous jism
against my cervix. Sweat was running freely from our bodies and
soaking up the bed sheet. We were now totally spent, as both of us
came down from the pinnacle of sexual bliss, in the aftermath of an
extremely rough genital banging bout.

I just collapsed on top of farid and lost my consciousness. It
happens all the time, when sexual tension leaves my body in the form
of overflowing pussy juice and heavenly serenity envelopes my soul.
Sexual intercourse with farid feels like an out of body experience
to me and I always pass out under its influence, not knowing for how
long.

On regaining my consciousness, I saw sana in farid's lap, facing
away from him. Both of them were in their birth day suits. His long
hard cock was jutting out of her thighs, which she was jerking with
her right hand, while he was fondling her firm tits and rolling the
thick, swollen and erect nipples using his fingers and thumbs.

Before I tell you what happened next, let me describe sana's
physical attributes. She is of my height, with a slightly slender
build. Her very fair complexion and a full head of heavy, shoulder
length, light brown silky hair, complement her angelic beauty. A
proportionately sculpted neck supports her beautiful face. Her
breasts were 34D, but were conical in shape, as compared to the
typical hemispherical type, like mine. She had a really narrow waist
with slightly broadening hips. Her supple limbs accentuated the
overall beauty of her body. Her hairless or rather naked feminine
mound, with a delicate middle slit, presented a delicious and
delectable sight to a connoisseur of cunnilingous.

For me this was a highly unexpected turn of events that was both
fascinatingly erotic and sexually explosive. I wanted to find out,
what would happen immediately afterwards, though I had a pretty good
idea, wherein would it all, end up. I continued maintaining my fake
sleeping posture, to give them time for their next move.

"Bohut mazza day rehay ho, farid meray mammoun say khel ker aur
nipple mussel kay." sana said moaning loudly.

"Yeh to kush bhi nahin Sulatana baji; assal muzza to chudai main
hay. Dekha aap nain, aapki sahaili kaisay chudwa kay baysudh paRi
houi hai." farid said, taking his right hand down to play with her
pussy. sana started moaning openly, as his fingers made their magic
by thoroughly rubbing her cunt lips. "Haaye! farid, meray chholay ko
pyar say ruggRo bohut mazza atta hai." "Aap khud bhi to issay
ruggaRti hain nan; main nain aap ko daikha tha jub main baji ko chod
reha tha." farid said exploring her pussy with his fingers. sana
asked him while moaning, "farid tum chudai kay doran apni baji say
itni gundi gundi batain kyoun kartay ho?" He replied with a
smile, "Kyoun keh aisi batain baji ko bohut pasand hain aur mujhe
bhi. Jab lauRa choot ko chodta hai, to in batoun say muzza kahin
ziada baRh jata hai. Its like icing on a delicious cake."

He turned her around, putting her legs on both sides of his hips.
She was still playing with his hard cock, when he took her lips in
his mouth and commenced a hot and passionate kiss. It dragged on for
quite a while and when their lips drew apart, both of them were
gasping for air.

sana got off of his lap and holding his hand implored him, "Ab mujh
say sabar nahin hota; aao kaheen aur chalain." A deep sense of
desperation in sana'a plea, made me jump off the bed. I got hold of
her hand and said, "Kahin aur janay kee zaroorat nahin meri jan, jo
kuchh kerna hai yaheen par karo!" Saying that, I embraced sana and
whispered in her ear, "Kya apni kunwari choot meray bhai kay lund
say phuRwa kay hee rahay gee to, aaj." She sheepishly nodded her
head in the affirmative and agreed verbally, "Mujhe ab chudwanay say
koi nahin rok sukta." Getting somewhat serious, I tried to educate
her, "Dekh sana main tujhe saaf saaf bata daoon, pehli bar jub sukht
lauRa laRki kee choot ka kunwar kholta hai to dard hota hai." She
was in no mood to learn about the initiation ritual into the world
of sex or the physical ramifications of defloration. All she wanted
at that moment was to go ahead and do it. Her straight forward
expression left no room for any argument, "noshin mujhe pata hai keh
pehli bar chudnay say kya hota hai. Dekh tu chud chuki hai na, ab
mujhay bhi chudwa lainay day, OK."

Without giving me a chance to add anything, she took farid to bed; I
also moved along with them and suggested, "farid, iss kay munh main
apna lund day ker chussva, main iski choot aur chhola chat ker
chudai kaliye tayyar kerti hoon."

A smile flashed across sana's face. She pushed farid on his back and
getting on her knees, she held the shaft of his cock in her right
hand and began slurping it like an icicle. After licking it for a
couple of minutes, she took almost half of it in her mouth, and her
head went bobbing up and down, first slowly and then quite
vigorously.

I got hold of her upturned butt and delved into sucking her pussy
from below, right from her clit to the fuck hole. Both of them were
moaning and groaning, because of the tremendous love treatment their
genitals were receiving.

Soon, sana had an earth shattering orgasm, causing her vagina to
convulse spasmodically, accompanied by a heavy flow of pussy syrup,
right in my mouth. She left farid's cock and moaned aloud under the
influence of immense pleasure; she was experiencing and fell flat on
her stomach. I drank her nectar, without losing a drop, due to the
ample repeated lesbian practice; we used to carry on for satisfying
our virgin lusts for sexual fulfillment.

When sana came down from the high plateau of sexual ecstasy to the
normal state, she sat up and expressed her innate feelings
saying, "noshin hum donon aksar eik dousaray ki chootain choosti
chaTti rehi hain, mugar ittna muzza kabhi nahin aaya."

I almost instantly replied, "Bunno! Tairay munh main kubhi tanna
huwa lund bhi to nahin hota tha chooswatay huvaye. Aaj ka itna ziada
muzza us hi ka kamal hai." Before she could say anything I
added, "Ab kya irada hai meri jan." She spoke out very confidently,
showing utter determination, to get on with her maiden fuck, "Apni
kuwari choot ko chudwa ker dhair sara muzza loon gee, teri tarah."

