Arthur doesn't immediately twig, to his shame, but Old Religion go from a poster on every power-pole to complete non-event within a month. He's still doing the rounds, still listening to everything that comes his way, and he still searches out their gigs and gets himself laminated to the dancefloor deliberately, eyes welded to Merlin's fingers on the fretboard and ignoring Nim's poisonous glares, but gradually, gradually, there are less and less Old Religion gigs and more and more other gigs, until one day Arthur checks the week's list that the researchers have put together for him, and they're not featured. Anywhere.

He asks Indigo's bar manager, Geoffrey, about it as off-handedly as he can one night, and the old man laughs. 'Your dad blacklisted them, didn't he. S'funny, I thought he'd do it long before now if he was going to. S'been a while since Nim was doing the rounds, though, so I thought maybe he was over it.'

'What are you talking about?' Arthur asks, bewildered. He knows his dad has sway with most of the bar managers in town, but ...

'Thought your dad would have told you,' Geoffrey says conspiratorially, under the noise of the bar. 'But then again, maybe not,' he adds. 'Always was a jealous man, your dad.'

'Excuse me?' Arthur is getting sick of people being vague at him. He plunks his glass down. 'Geoffrey,' he says, looking the older man straight in the eye. 'I know you and Father have been friendly for years. Please tell me what the hell is going on.'

Geoffrey rolls his eyes. 'Just as much charm as your father and all,' he sighs. 'Alright. Fine.' He takes a breath and beckons Arthur closer, close enough that Arthur can smell the hint of whiskey on his breath. 'I don't know much, you understand. And it was before you came along, as well. But what I heard was, she was jealous.'

'Of Father?'

'That's right. She was one of the first artists he managed, and she had this girl singing with her at the time, Ygraine-'

Arthur blinks. Before he can comment, Geoffrey grins at him. 'Yep. Well, Uther married her, didn't he.'

'And that's it?'

'Ah, well, see, I think Ygraine was a bit more than just Nim's backing vocalist at the time ...'

Arthur stands up straight abruptly. 'That's my mother you're talking about,' he points out as calmly as he feels able to. 'Thanks,' he adds, not wanting to seem ungrateful, but there are things he doesn't need to hear.

'Gaius would know more, of course,' Geoffrey says, propping his fists on his hips. 'If he'll talk to you, that is.'

'Thanks,' says Arthur again, and leaves.

He never asked how his mother and father met. He never asks about his mother at all, actually, because he doesn't want his father to get that far-away look in his eye. Arthur wanders down the steps and out into the street. Mother was a singer is new. Father knowing Nim is new. Not that Uther ever really tells Arthur anything, especially about the past, or his personal life, but ...

There's a scuffling noise from the left-hand turn he passes, but he's not paying attention. He's trying to work this through. Would his father really ruin someone's career out of competitiveness? Would he be that shortsighted, that vicious? Arthur shoves his hands in his pockets, still thinking.

It's that, his own brand of short-sightedness, that lets them jump him in the alley, and he doesn't even get a chance to retaliate, they're so determined - just manages to curl himself into a ball, tries to protect his head and prays, prays it's just fists and boots.

He doesn't know how long he lies there, floating in and out of consciousness and counting his heartbeats in a vain effort to make them behave. They go faster and slower with no rhythm at all, one two three four one two three four one two three one two THREE ONE TWO ONE TWO-

'Arthur? What are you - shit-' and then someone, Arthur is vaguely aware, is kneeling by his head and there's two fingers on his neck, all rough and calloused, it makes him want to squirm.

'-yes, an ambulance, please, uh, not sure. The alley beside Indigo Bar in central town, yeah, um, no, I'll stay here. He's been beaten up, I think, I dunno, I just got here and found him - yes, please. Thanks. Bye. Thanks.'

The flwap of a phone closing, and then there are two hands scratchy-gentle on him, trying to get him on his side. Arthur feels like he should cooperate but his strings are all cut.

'Come on, you bastard, you're not going to choke on your own broken nose,' mutters the person wrestling with Arthur's uncooperative body. 'Not if I have anything to do with it.'

Every time Arthur tries to sleep, he's patted and tapped and prodded and poked and provoked with comments and questions that he answers lazily, not quite sure what angle his logic is on but just talking, because it seems to keep whoever it is happy. 'You've got a concussion,' they keep saying. 'Arthur, you have to keep talking to me, you're concussed.'

'S'okay,' Arthur says. 'I know what t'do. Jus' gotta stay 'wake,' he adds, and yawns.

'Yes, Arthur, stay awake, please, come on.'

'Y'are 'wake,' Arthur points out. 'Don' worry, y'not gonna die, cos y're'wake. S'okay.' He tries to pat their hand sympathetically, but things aren't quite where he thought they were.

'No, you have to stay awake,' says Person, but then everything is white, white light and whining Dopplered noises, and he's up, down, clattering on some metal bed thing, and there are soft-coarse hands on his scalp, and he's allowed to fall blessedly, finally, asleep.

***

'-and I'm saying this is unacceptable! Let me see my son!'

'Father?' Arthur asks groggily. He lets his eyes peel open to blinding fluorescent lights. Blinking feels slow and heavy.

'Arthur?'

The reason he can hear his father so close is that he's in the corridor on a hospital bed. There are lots of people on beds, he can see them lining the walls.

Uther works his way past the nurse to Arthur's side. 'I tried to tell them to put you in a proper ward but they say they're full,' he says disgustedly. 'However they also said I could take you home today.'

'Do you know what happened?' Arthur asks, coming more and more awake every moment. 'Do you know who got me here?'

'I was hoping you could tell me,' Uther admits. 'The young man that called the ambulance stayed with you until they got you into bed, they tell me, and then left. He gave his name as Merlin Emrys. Do you know him?'

'... Sort of,' Arthur admits. 'But what happened? Was I mugged? Where's my stuff?' He pats himself vaguely before realising he's in a hospital gown and his clothes are nowhere to be seen.

'They don't appear to have taken anything, no.'

'You said something about home?' Arthur says. He wants nothing more than his own bed, and maybe a couple of paracetamol.

'I thought I'd take you back to mine. The nurse says you'll be groggy for the rest of the day, and sore for awhile after that.'

Arthur would argue, but he can't disagree with the groggy, or the sore, or his father's worried, adamant expression. So he gingerly gets up and manages to manhandle himself back into his clothes (they stink of sweat and dirt) in the privacy of the toilets, and lets Uther walk him to the car. He sinks gratefully into the Jag's leather seat and dozes all the way back to the Pendragon estate, an hour's drive from the city.

'This came for you while you were away, sir,' says Gaius, Uther's PA, as they get out of the car. Not the most chipper of men any day, he looks worried now. He hands Uther a slimline CD case.

'I'm not in the mood for demos right now,' Uther says, waving it away.

'I don't think it's a demo, sir.' Gaius says, with some trepidation. Uther takes another look, both at the case and at Gaius's worried face. They've worked together a long time - Arthur supposes if Uther would take anyone's word for it, he would take Gaius's. And this time apparently he does - he grits his teeth and snatches the CD case. Gaius hovers behind Arthur as he trails his father up the steps and into the house. The disc goes into the Bang and Olufson. They listen in cold silence as chords crash around them, and they listen to the end of the single track, but Arthur knows it from the beginning. From the look on his face, so does Uther.

It's funny, but Arthur's first reaction is 'God, what an awful pun.'

I'm sorry about the sun-

'Call the police,' Uther says, gritting his teeth. Gaius bows his way out of the room, presumably to do as Uther's asked. Father and son stay and listen.

-but until then, better off dead
A smile on the lips and a hole in the head
Better off dead, yeah, better than this-

Gaius comes back in with the phone, hands it to Uther wordlessly, and pulls Arthur away.

'Come on, you need your rest,' he says. What he means is, come on, we need to leave your father alone.

And so Arthur lets himself be put to bed in a room he hasn't slept in for five years, and he's tired enough and sore enough that he doesn't care. He just wants to sleep.