Three Girls And A Guy
by NotHemingway

Are three female roommates too much for one guy?

It's pretty unusual, a single guy rooming with three single women. But it didn't start out to be that way. Initially, there were four women, all former sorority sisters, now graduated, renting a large 4-bedroom house in one of the affluent suburbs of Washington, DC. I was dating one of the women, so I hung around their house a lot. When my girlfriend took a job in Chicago, the move ended our relationship and left the other women needing a replacement. They had no luck finding someone. As my own lease was ending, it made financial sense to all of us for me to move in. I was a known quantity, so they decided to take a chance on having a male in their midst.

I was gently informed of some simple household rules: we'd all wear robes going to and from the bathroom; no lounging around in the family room in underwear, etc. Reasonable stuff to keep any sexual awkwardness or tension from disturbing their peaceful little group. And that's how it was. In the beginning.

But familiarity tends to breed... familiarity. With time, we got more comfortable with each other and lax in adhering to rules. Trips to and from the bathroom might be in underwear, or just a towel wrapped around. Occasionally I'd get a glimpse of more skin than intended. I'd pretend that I didn't see what all parties knew had been seen. I listened in as the girls discussed boyfriend issues, or their choice of birth control. I even ventured a few opinions when I thought it wasn't out of place.

Then of course there was the pool and hot tub, in the heavily treed backyard. It was Summer, and the girls used it to counter the sweltering D.C. heat. The bikinis were skimpy enough, and a few of the girls loosened their top when tanning. Again, I'd show no outward interest, studiously being absorbed in what must have been a very interesting magazine. But I'm not made of stone, and the estrogen flowing in the house filled my nostrils, and the views, my eyes.

The three women were Amber, Barbara and Caroline. The ABCs, I liked to joke. Amber was the ringleader, a vivacious redhead, with ringlets like Little Orphan Annie. Tall, she had a lovely figure, befitting the runner she was. If I allowed myself to lust after one of them, it would be her. Barbara was the quiet one, attractive, with large breasts. I've always been intimidated by large breasts, subscribing to the saying that anything more than you could fit into your hand was excess. Finally, there was Caroline, a pretty blonde, and a jokester.

Being attractive, professional women, they often had dates. Their boyfriends, upon picking up or dropping off, would view my presence in the house with, first, surprise, then suspicion. Some sort of threat to them? Maybe so. One night Barbara's date drank more than he should, and wouldn't take hints that he should leave. I interceded and dragged the inebriated jerk to the street. That imbued me with a knight-in-shining-armor glow, and cemented my place in the house. A male, yes, but their protector, not one of those grasping horny types. I was fully accepted.

But I was still a male. I hadn't found a new girlfriend and wasn't dating. My sexual tension was building. It came to a head on a sultry Sunday evening. We were all lounging in the hot tub. Caroline looked at me.

"Brad, what's it like living like a monk with three sexy women?"

I was taken aback. Living like a monk? What the hell?

I tried to be cool.

"There are all kinds of monks, Caroline. Rasputin comes to mind," I said.

They laughed. Rasputin, the mad monk, the evil manipulator of the Russian czarina, did not live a monk's celibate life.

"Should we be afraid?" Caroline smiled at me.

"I've been watching you beautiful women for months now, with remarkable self-control," I said. "I'm guess I'm harmless."

"Good," Caroline replied. "Because we never used to wear bathing suits in the hot tub until you came. I'm tired of it."

And she removed her bikini top and tossed it outside the tub. Her beautiful round, firm breasts beckoned to me.

I gulped.

"Is that a challenge to us?" Amber asked, looking at Caroline.

"You're grown women, you do what you want," Caroline answered.

Amber and Barbara exchanged glances. Then they each removed their tops.

I'd caught glimpses of them before, but now all three ladies were lounging topless, unabashedly displaying themselves. Barbara's large breasts floated like buoys on the water. Amber dipped up and down in the water, letting water splash on her now freed chest.

Without a word, Caroline pulled off her bikini bottom and tossed it aside. The others followed suit.

They were now naked in the water, enjoying the pleasing sensation that water directly on intimate skin affords.

I was now the only "clothed" one in the hot tub. Three pair of eyes focused on me.

I wasn't sure how to respond. My penis had stirred within the bathing trunks from the nude display before me. Taking the swimsuit off would make clear what now was only suggested.

I didn't move. The more they stared at me, the larger the bulge in the trunks became. It was becoming untenable. I needed to readjust things or my penis was going to pop out the top of the trunks.

"Do you need some help?" Amber solicitously offered.

"I didn't know he was shy," Caroline said.

Three women approached me. One grabbed underneath my buttocks, hoisting me up, smoothing the way for others to pull the trunks down and off, bouncing off the enlarging penis, which freed, sprang to the sky.

"That's better," Amber smiled. "Welcome to the club."

My penis was pointing straight up. I never felt more naked. Or aroused.

We stayed like that, all of us naked in the water, the girls chatting to each other. In time, my erection fell. When finally they decided it was time to get out, we exited and dried. No comments were made on our nakedness. It just was.

That was the turning point. From that time forward, the girls made no efforts to hide themselves. Amber sometimes walked around in her panties, topless, as she made breakfast. Barbara almost always wore a bra (her large breasts really needed support), but not always a t-shirt. And I took to walking around bare chested, with only shorts on. The pool and hot tub became clothing optional zones. It was only when guests were around that we all wore swimwear. No need to shock our friends -- at least not right away.

It was inevitable that things would progress. Especially for those of us in-between boy or girl friends, the sexualized atmosphere provided temptation but not release. I don't know what went on in other bedrooms, but I occasionally needed to squelch down the fires.

For all the blatant display of skin, there was no suggestion of us dating each other. Perhaps that seemed almost incestuous. But I lusted after Amber. Seeing the wispy curls of unshaven red hair around her groin, was electric. I needed to talk to her, privately, but most of the time we were in a pack. Until one evening. Barbara and Caroline had gone camping with some friends. Amber and I were alone in the house. I made an elaborate dinner (I always took a turn; no sexism here) and made sure each course came with its own wine selection. After dinner, I suggested we let the warm waters of the hot tub help digest the meal. She agreed.

We luxuriated in the tub, naked of course. We finished the bottle of wine. I let the wine and the warm water relax us both.

"Whatever happened to that guy you were seeing, James, I think?"

"Him. He's history. I sort of liked him, but he was too high strung, always fretting about stuff. You know me, I'm easy going. I don't need someone bringing me their problems. Life's too short."

"Do you miss the sex?" I asked, not innocently.

"Oh, sure. Who doesn't like sex? It was fine but I can do without. What I miss are the backrubs. James had great hands."

"You're in luck. I paid my tuition through college working as a gigolo giving backrubs to lonely women," I said.

She laughed, as I intended. "I'm sure that's how it was," she smiled. "Although at $40,000 a year for State, that's a lot of backrubs."

"I earned plenty in tips. I was very good."

"Uh huh."

"Would you like a demonstration?" I offered.

"Is this a set-up?" she said, as she looked at me with narrowed eyes.

"Absolutely. I'm been looking for a chance to get my hands on you, but I do in fact give great backrubs. You game?"

She paused, thinking it over. We never had had physical contact before, and I know she was wondering if something was up.

"Sure."

"Great," I said, "Come over here. "

I was seated on a bench under the water of the hot tub, so she needed to sit on my lap, and lean forward. She did.

I moved her red curls aside and placed my hands on her shoulders, and began to knead the shoulders and neck. Slowly, firmly, I massaged down the spine and up again. Around to the sides, but avoiding the breasts. I wanted to tease; I wanted sexual tension to build. Her bare buttocks and legs draped my lap and legs, and I felt a stirring in my groin. But I willed myself not to get too excited or she'd notice (sitting on my lap as it were.) Plenty of time for that later. For now, I wanted to have her relax.

And she did. I carefully and slowly massaged her, letting her give in to the sensations. Her body that initially had been rigid, softened. I splashed warm water onto her back, to keep her from getting chilled. For 10 minutes, I lovingly caressed and massaged. Then I wrapped my arms around her stomach and pulled her body into mine.

"How am I doing?" I asked.

"James who?" she joked. "I could get used to this."

"Good," I said. I took my hands and covered her breasts. I didn't stroke them, just held them. To see how she would react.

She didn't protest, or seek to move my hands. I kissed her neck. She didn't object.

"You know this is crossing a line," she finally said.

"Yes, I know. A line I've been hoping to cross for months."

"What happens," she asked, "if after a few weeks, we hate each other?"

"For me, that will never happen," I said. "But if you decide you hate me, we'll go back to being roommates. I'll never make you uncomfortable."

She thought about it. Then she leaned back against me, shoulders back, opening her body, surrendering. I massaged the breasts, circling them, flicking against the nipples. Her warm body, pressed against mine, caused my penis to stir again. This time, I didn't resist. I know she felt it poke against her. We slid off the bench, into the water, hands grappling each other. We kissed, touched each other, she pulling on my erection.

"Let's go inside," she suggested.

We toweled off, and made the way to her bedroom. We fell onto the bed. I pushed inside her, pulling her buttocks against me to deepen the thrust. She grabbed me around the neck, rubbing my head, pulling my mouth to hers. We rocked together. I waited for her to climax, then allowed it for myself.

"Do I get a big tip?" I asked with a smile.

"Now I understand better how you made all that tuition money," she said.

We lay together in the bed for the night. With the other girls out for the evening, it afforded us that privilege. But we agreed that we'd try to keep our relationship quiet for now, once they returned. It might be awkward for them, and if things didn't work out for us, it'd be easier to revert to how things had been if they were in the dark.

But that didn't last long. We couldn't keep our hands off of each other. We soon fessed up. Within a few months, Amber and I got our own apartment. I always knew that three girls as roommates was too many; you only need one. And I got the one I wanted.

