5. – Smiling

My fist connected with cheekbone, sending a thrill up my arm and sending the other man to the floor. “You fool!” I snarled down at him, resisting the urge to kick. “How could your men be so clumsy? Now they know beyond any doubt that we have agents searching for them!”

The report trembled in my left hand even as my right clenched and unclenched, wanting to wrap around the idiot’s throat and squeeze. Four ops confirmed a positive sighting of the telepath Schuldig in Tokyo. Four TP operatives who should have been able to net him with little difficulty. And they had let him slip through their fingers.

“Tell me why I should not kill you!”

“Entschuldigen Sie, bitte, Herr General!

I turned my attention to the speaker. He flinched as my gaze fell full upon him. “Was?” If he tried to make excuses for the failure, he would join his associate at my feet.

“Sir, the DNA traces came back positive. It’s him.”

“A wounded man, sliding down a thorn-covered wall, limps away into the night and vanishes into thin air.” I shook my head as an unseemly mirth rose up in me. The absurdity of the situation could not be denied. “Then again,” I chuckled, “they did outwit the Elders themselves. Why should you have expected any different?”

The man on the floor nodded weakly.

I offered him a hand up. Once he was standing, I whispered, “You’re off the case. Get out of my sight.”

He hurried out the door.

The young courier fidgeted, not sure if he should follow or wait to be dismissed. I made his suffering brief. “You too. Get out.”

The hallways cleared before me as I returned to my apartment. Apparently word had spread. A good thing, that, as I was not in the mood for chatter. The crumpled report fluttered to the desktop as though glad to be released at last.

My right glove was soiled. I glared at the oil-smeared knuckles and the faint pink of blood. Haste makes laundry. With a self-directed sneer I peeled the gloves off and headed for the bathroom.

I shut and locked the door, then started a sinkful of washwater. Only then did I remember to turn on the light. Old habits remained fresh; a well-lit bathroom had been a risky thing for too long in my life. I doubted I would ever truly overcome that conditioning.

As I wrung the water from the fabric, I caught sight of myself in the mirror, and frowned. Though the color was wrong, my eyes reminded me of his eyes: dark, and momentarily haunted. Like that day…

I averted my gaze. Let the past die.

Hell, it had died long ago; let the damn thing have the decency to remember it was dead.

[“I don’t understand! That wasn’t supposed to happen! You’ve got to believe me, I didn’t do this!”]

I clung to the vanity, my hands white-knuckled. I didn’t need this now, of all times – I had work to do! Why couldn’t the past just stay behind me? Damn it!

[“Past is past, the future uncertain…”]

The mirror shattered in a cacophony of diamonds. Behind it, the wall plaster cracked, sending a jagged run up to the ceiling.

“You’re dead, damn you!” I shouted, eyes tight shut in case some fragment of mirror still lingered to show me a shadow that could not exist. “You’re all dead, and he’s mine!”

No hand reached out to grasp my shoulder, no laughter mocked me, no pale face shrank from my touch. Time resumed its forward turn, leaving the past…past.

Slowly my breathing returned to normal.

That’s right, I had work to do.

The glass had fallen around me, missing my person and the sink. I finished wringing out my gloves, then stepped carefully over the mess and opened the door.

From my bedroom I retrieved a spare set of gloves, leaving the damp pair draped over the bedpost to dry.

At my desk, I picked up the phone and called for maintenance. I would need that wall repaired, and the mirror replaced, as well as any remaining shards dealt with.

An unpleasant smile curled my lip at that last thought – remaining shards dealt with, indeed. So young Schuldig was out and about, running through the night wounded and alone in the wilds of Tokyo. Like any injured beast, he must go to ground eventually. With any luck, the operatives were not so thoroughly incompetent as to lose him for long.

Their liaison, however, was finished. The delicate balance of power did not allow for mistakes. If the younger set didn’t eat him alive, I would.

In any case, my rise to command was ensured. Esset needed someone strong and capable to lead this hunt, and so far I had been appalled and amused in turns at the bungling mess being made of things. No, if Esset truly wanted answers, I was the only one who could provide them.

[“Find out what he knows, or I will.”]

I snarled silently at myself. At least, I could do this task if my imagination and memory would stop playing me for a fool. There was no one alive today who had been involved in that butchery, save two. And I, the one, would find the other or go mad trying.

Could that be it, I wondered? The ghost of that crime, calling out for some obscene form of justice?

[“Bradley, look at me.”]

[“Look at me, Bradley!”]

Damned? Certainly. Willingly, if it would bring me back my star.

I picked up the report and read it again, searching for any whisper of a clue. After admitting the repair crew to my rooms, I studied the photographs of Tokyo streets and shops, and the vine-covered parking garage.

Aside from a few vague mumbles from my circle of clairvoyants and precognitives, I had no evidence that all four men still lived. In my heart, I felt Bradley’s presence; besides, without his calming effect, the telepath would have surely fallen into our clutches by now. Schuldig was desperately under-shielded, prone to relying upon drugs and noise to stay in control. So for that alone, I knew that Brad Crawford was indeed calling the shots.

One of the photos caught my attention, and I returned to it. It showed the street where Schuldig had first been spotted. In the background, shops and people made a touristy clutter that annoyed me. But, something about this scene…

I felt my lips part in a wolfish smile. Make that three members of the team alive and well, then. Schuldig may be a brilliant telepath, but he was nearly illiterate when it came to computers. There would be no good reason for him to be seen alone, near a cyber café in the late evening hours – unless he was playing bodyguard.

I dismissed the idea that Schuldig had been there seeking a replacement. If that had been the case, he would not have been leaving alone, or looking back over his shoulder as he ran.

Of course, this also pointed out the glaring failure of the operatives, since they had no visual fix on the boy.

Once again I reached for the phone.

A/N:

“Entschuldigen Sie, bitte, Herr General!” – Please excuse me, Herr General!

“Was?” – What?

Okay, my apologies in advance, but when I first started writing this chapter my brain went…somewhere silly. Here is the original version of the opening of Chapter 5:

My fist connected with cheekbone, sending a thrill up my arm and sending the other man to the floor. “You fool!” I snarled down at him, resisting the urge to kick. “How could your men be so clumsy? Now they know beyond any doubt that we have agents searching for them!”

The report trembled in my left hand even as my right clenched and unclenched, wanting to wrap around the idiot’s throat and squeeze. Four ops confirmed a positive sighting of the telepath Schuldig in Tokyo. Four TP operatives who should have been able to net him with little difficulty. And they had let him slip through their fingers.

“Tell me why I should not kill you!”

“Excuse me, Lord Vader!”