Nude in Broad Daylight
By Tama

It was raining outside. October in the UK serves up unpredictable weather, yesterday had been chilly and blustery, today was wet and warm.

"Good weather for a slutty raincoat" Carly had said earlier. Carly is a stunningly gorgeous blue eyed blonde.The others were now resigned to the fact that Carly had slightly different tastes, she had said recently that she would rather wear a shiny skintight clubbing outfit than go naked. For all that, she had good naturedly done all the naked dares she had been given and even surprised herself with her boldness. 

Lisa was sitting on the bed working on her laptop naked as she often seemed to be these days. Lisa is a quiet studious girl, pretty in a cute freckle - faced kind of way. She's studying forensic psychology for her bsc degree, and claims to have figured out half a dozen ways to murder someone without leaving a trace! Lisa is always plotting something new for the girls to get up to, and that's what she was doing at this moment.

Alex was studying on her laptop, she's in the usual dorm garb - a baggy t shirt and sneakers. Nothing else. Alex is a sociology student, and the "experiment" has been mostly her idea. Sammy persuaded Alex to let me chronicle their adventures on the agreement that I would not name anyone or post any pictures that would give away their identity or location. So far it has worked well, but I'm not sure who has learnt more; her or me?

"Good afternoon ladies" Sammy breezed into the room and flung herself on the nearest bed. Sammy is the oldest of my three daughters. 

"Ouch, I've been crushed by a pregnant hippo!" Carly had been half asleep under her quilt up until then.

"Oh sorry Carl! Shift over then" and Sammy cuddled under the quilt with Carly. Soon they were both dozing off.

"Know what?" said Lisa, to no-one in particular.

Alex looked up from her laptop, "What?"

"Whenever we've been out on a dare it's been late at night."

"Sweetheart, there's a very good reason for that; it's so we don't get caught!"

"Carly and me got caught at 1:30 in the morning, remember?"

"Oh yeah. Haha. That was cool. Very cool. I was surprised you talked Carly into it though! So what are you scheming now?"

"The same as I did the other night, but this time in daylight."

"Are you serious?"

"Sure I am, it'll be a piece of cake!"

"How the hell do you expect to be able to walk around the block stark naked in the middle of the day?"

"Well, there are two ways to look at it. Either I go when it's quiet and just do it, or I could wait until it's busy like lunchtime."

"Lunchtime? Are you out of your tiny mind?"

"Look at it like this" Lisa continued, "if we went at lunchtime it would be almost standing room only. The street is packed with people. If the rest of you crowded around me nobody would be any the wiser!"

"I don't think you should try that, you'd never get away with it - what if you got arrested? "

"I know, but I'm tempted to try. Well, we could use the fire door again, but I'll take my phone along this time just to avoid any further difficulties."

"So, you would go out of the fire exit, across the parking lot - where nobody will see you, haha - and into the park?"

"Yes, and from there it's around the block and back to the other end of the park. Simple."

"It'll never work Lisa. I for one don't want to see you get caught naked in the street. Isn't it enough that most of us in this block have seen you naked? Dave's been following you around like a lost puppy all week!"

"Yes I know, he's a sweet guy but I don't fancy him or anything. But it's nice to get all that attention from the guys."

"But it's the wrong sort of attention, isn't it?"

"It's about honesty," mumbled Sammy from under the quilt. "What you see is what you get. This is me. All that stuff. Not to impress boys."

"You're right Sammy, that is pretty much it. I don't want people thinking I'm an easy lay just cos I'm naked. When we started all this it was meant to be that each of us would realise our personal fantasies, all the stuff we've dreamed about but never had the opportunity to do. And my personal fantasy is to be accepted just naked, as I am."

"So when are you going to do this walk Lisa?" Carly asked from under the covers.

"Honestly? I'll do it right now if I can!"

"And what if something goes wrong?"

"Then I'll run like hell and get myself back to the fire door!"

"And if you're halfway around the block already?"

"I'll think of something."

"Think about this," said Sammy, " you are talking about being completely naked in broad daylight, in public, and you think it's going to be easy! I'm not so sure."

"Look, " Lisa said, "I really want to at least try. Are you with me? Are you Carly?"

"We all agreed to support each other. If you're certain you want to go through with this"

Lisa was already heading for the door. "I can go out of the fire door at the end of this hall. Or..."

"Uh - oh, or? What do you mean, or?"

"Or, I can go down that way" She pointed in the other direction "and cross the main hall and go out of the fire door at the other end. We could at least check it out, couldn't we?" And she was already walking naked towards the vending machines just around the corner from the main hall. A few feet away large numbers of students were making their way to the main entrance to the building, a few were also headed back in the other direction. It was busy.

"Look Lisa, for goodness sake! It's just way too busy. Maybe we can try this one some other time."

"Alex, just walk in front of me and clear a path, okay? Please?" Alex shrugged and started pushing through the crowd, Lisa right behind her, followed closely by the rest of the girls, and then they were in the middle of a moving mass of students. Lisa could feel people brushing against her nakedness as she tried to hold on to Alex and push against the flow, and then they were in the opposite dorm block. And remarkably there had been no problems, Lisa had judged correctly that the students would be too focused on getting to lectures to worry about a group of girls pushing past. By the time they had reached the fire exit it began to dawn on Lisa that she had just walked naked the entire length of the building and nobody had taken much notice at all. It almost seemed unfair.

And out through the fire door they went. From this end there was just a narrow access road to the main parking lot, and beyond that, the park. They followed the path around one side of the park and then found themselves at the street exit.

"God, it is busy! " Lisa said. 

"You still going to go for it?"

"I'm not so sure I can get around the block like this. Too many shops and stuff." She studied the street and the other entrances to the park. "If I go out here and walk up the street I can come back through that entrance over there. Or, if I'm really brave, I'll go for the other gate further up the street. What do you think?"

"That you're nuts!"

"You already knew that!" she laughed, then turned and walked out of the gate. The others started after her, but she called back "Wait here, I want to try and do this alone."
Lisa turned right and followed the street up to the next entrance. There were a few cars going by, but this street was lined with trees that offered some cover and besides, the drivers should be watching where they were going, shouldn't they? There was a mother pushing a pram a hundred metres or so away, she had her back to Lisa, and so Lisa walked on toward the far entrance of the park, re entering it right over the other side from where the others were waiting. All too soon it was over, and she was back in the relative safety of the park. Lisa briefly considered going back out on the street. God! That had been such a buzz! She went back to the gate and looked out. There were more people out there now, and she wasn't sure she could walk out there again. So instead, she took her time and strolled naked in the rain in the general direction of the campus. The park was deserted, the rain had sent people off in search of shelter. She had been clutching her phone in her hand, now she used it to call Sammy. "You guys coming or what?" Lisa asked, "I'll meet you by the parking lot." It was starting to rain quite heavily now, but this felt good to Lisa, and when she met the others by the carpark she was doing a naked rendition of "singing in the rain". much to everyone's amusement.

They crossed the corner of the parking lot and went up to the fire door steps. Lisa had called ahead, and as they approached the door it swung open. And as they walked back into the dorm there was cheering and applause. What the? Evidently Lisa had attracted more attention than she had anticipated, there had to be a couple of dozen students, some guys too; all clapping and cheering at her naked entrance. She was dripping wet but she felt absolutely fantastic. She had done what she had desperately wanted to do for so long, nothing bad had happened, had it? And she thought about the irony of what was going on around her, that really this was the sort of moment that Alex wanted; to be naked and the centre of attention. All Lisa ever wished for was to be "ordinary" naked, without any fuss or bother. Just accepted.

She would have to think of how events could be manipulated so that Alex could have her "moment".

But for now she was surrounded by admirers of both sexes, asking her why she had done that, telling her how cool she was, and asking for her phone number. And she was telling them about how all she wanted was to be able to be naked around the dorm without causing any fuss. "If I keep hearing applause every time I'm seen naked I'll just be put off doing it." she tried to explain. "I don't want to be a freak show, and I don't want to be treated differently if I'm like this. And now I need a towel!"
There were protests at this, "no, not the towel" and "don't cover up honey" but Lisa just replied with "I'm bloody soaking wet, I need to dry off!" and with that walked into her room, emerging with a beach towel.

"C'mon girls, somebody get some coffee going and I'll tell you what I've got lined up for Sammy's turn."

"And I've been thinking about Halloween costumes" Carly added, "depending on how crazy we want to be!"


But that's another story.

To Be Continued...
