Author: russianguy26 (sluttish_88@yahoo.com)

Title: a pretty party 

Part: chapter 1

Summary: A young wife were on the phone with her husband while her hubby was being served with his secretary

Keywords: masturbation, oral sex, cheating, Mf

Contact: sluttish_88@yahoo.com is for your comments

Chapter 1

Jane, a girl of 25, was very happy in her marriage with her adorable husband who often was out on business trips: Europe, the Far East or China. Every time his wife felt loneliness where it happened, because she loved being embraced by him very much. There was something unusual when he was away for weeks. When Arthur, her husband, was back they had a rocking sex whenever they could get it. Thus, their sexual life was pompous and there was nothing to complain about.

  Arthur liked that his wife's mind driving hobby was fucking at any chance - any time, any place - but she wasn't a slut and she had never cheated on her dear husband. 

  They were a young couple of the same age.  She was not too tall, but a fairly slim and curvy. As a rule, her outfits shown many of her body and framed every wonderful curve of hers. Also her haircut drove all men crazy: it was brown wavvy hair that often looked wet like the girl had just been in the shower. 

  The most exciting thing in her husband for her was his cock. It was the hugest Jane had ever seen in her life. The girl had a habit to put her hand on it and she could barely fist it. When Arthur was away, his wife looked forward to his return.  

  Jane loved him so much that she couldn't cum when she was alone. His cock was her aphrosodiac.  The girl could never have cum frigging herself off.  But soon this changed.

  One Tuesday afternoon Jane felt alone. Her beloved husband was on a business trip again and all her body had been longing for his carresses. As soon as she started thinking of her husband, warm waves of pleasure began spreading all about her slim body.  The phone suddenly rang and the girl came up to it. 

  "Hello?" she said.

  How surprised she was when she heard her husband's voice as if her prayers were heard. In her high spirits, Jane sat on the sofa.
  Arthur never forgot to call her wife, knowing how his wife was always excited to hear his voice. He was sure that she never cheated on him, but he was different. Due to his considerable position in the company, he often changed his secretaries. As a rule, they were teenagers. As soon as he got tired of one secretary, he hired another. It goes without saying that those secretaries had to do more, some extra things, than usual secretaries did. He was smart enough not to get caught by his wife.

  This day was the same. He had been with this new secretary for about three weeks and he would have to be back from this business trip in two weeks. Of course, his secretary was sure of getting married to him, but she didn't know that every other secretary before her thought so. 

  They just came from the beach for relaxing in a hotel's room. As the secretary was having a shower, trying to chill out, Arthur threw himself on a king-sized bed and started dialing up. He wanted to say several warm words to his wife before another fucking with his stunning secretary.

  "Hi, baby!" he said to his wife in the receiver in a playful tone just in the moment of seeing his secretary who appeared in the room. She looked so sexy with her wet wavvy hair and drops of water on her tan body. On a sudden, a dirty idea came into her mind. She thought about sucking her boss's cock while he was on the phone with his faithful wife. 

  "Hi you, baby!" his happy wife replied when she heard Arthur's voice. "I feel so lonely without you honey!" 

  "Me too!" Arthur said in return.

  Although Jane kept on saying about how great it would be to get in the bed together, Arthur's attention was distracted his secretary's sexy movements. She slowly pulled down the towel that was around her slim body. Little by little she revealed more of her teenage body until her ripe tits were on display. As soon as they were freed they bounced up. Her nipples were hard already and Arthur liked it too much, because he knew that she was about to do something dirty.

  He kept on listening to his wife's delightful speech and enjoyed a nice strip show that his young secretary was performing for him. Arthur wasn't shy and he just put his hand on the cock that laid between his spread legs. He felt her performance bring his cock to life.

  His secretary was naked soon, showing her naked slim body in all glory. As soon as she had stopped showing off, the girl crawled on the bed until she appeared between his cock. Without thinking too much, the girl put her hand on his cock and it made it stir. 

  Jane kept on saying about how much she adored him when Arthur interrupted her.

  "You know, babe you excite me so much that my cock needs some attention!" her husband said gaspingly.

  Jane like what she heard and she was sure that he was stroking his cock in the hotel room as they were on the phone. His excitement was felt everywhere and Jane's pussy was getting wet from his gasping voice, but her husband kept on talking and talking about how much he wanted her. 

  Like in a trance, his wife lifted up her skirt and spread her legs wide, resting the feet on the sofa's seat. She looked like a filthy porn star. How could she explain the pictures if somebody shot her on tape at this moment? Listening to Arthur's mind-driving voice, the girl moved her thong's strip aside, revealing ger young pussy. She immediately touched her pussy slit and it was already hot and slippery. Jane wanted his cock so much that it was too much for her not to drive her finger inside. It was extremely wet that she managed to drive two fingers inside.  

  If his nave girl knew that his stupid secretary was working over his cock at the very moment and she was the one who was the reason for his erection. Arthur's secretary was very good at cock-sucking. Her wet tongue ran along his swollen cock covering it in saliva. When it was good enough, the girl took it in her mouth as deep as she could, but Arthur's cock was about 8 inches long and thick so that she managed to swallow the half of the shaft notwithstanding the secretary was good at deep-throating when she went to school. 

  When the girl took his cock in the mouth her agile tongue started circling its dickhead and licking all pre-cum off of the piss-hole. This young slut's actions made him let out loud moans and Jane, his beloved wife, considered that her voice influenced her husband this way. Suddenly Arthur asked her, although it was addressed to his young secretary.

  "Do you want me now, baby?" painting the man said. "Do you need my big hard cock plunged deep into you pussy?"

  This words made his secretary suck his cock more actively as well as they made his wife frigging herself off like a psycho. Jane plunged her fingers in and out of her slurping pussy and her juices were dripping down from them.

  "Yes, my love beast!" Jane moaned. "I can hardly stand it alone without you by my side. The only thing I can do is to use my fingers, but you know what I'd prefer to have inside me rather than them." 

  "Yeah baby, yeah!" Arthur said as he felt his cum boiling in the balls.

  He put his hand down on her bobbing head so that she swallowed all his cum. Arthur closed his eyes in pleasure. He liked that he could her smothered moans of his secretary and Jane's loud moans in the receiver.

  "Baby, have you ever thought about screwing some stranger while I'm on my business trips?" her husband asked in his playful tone.

  Arthur knew that he tempted his luck, but he was so crazy and couldn't help asking her. Jane wanted to be honest with her husband and thought how to confess about this dirty idea.  His wife was taken aback with this question, but she didn't want to sound like a filthy slut.

  "Yes honey! It always makes me so hot when I imagine it, but I'm really afraid of trying it. So never leave me for any really long period of time if you get what I mean!" Jane couldn't help giggling at her dirty ideas.

  "Good," Arthur replied with a sigh. "I'll be at home in just two more weeks and I know that you aren't able to cum without a real cock." 

  Jane liked his way of teasing him as he always did and she felt her pussy clenching around her juice-covered fingers. 

  He paused and then added, "Why don't you go out and fuck the shit out of some man one night?"

  His suggestion threw Jane off balanced and she didn't know what to say, but she had to say something. 

  "Darling, you're sitting there now with your cock in your hand, and knowing I'm gonna cheat on you, how's that make you feel, you filthy boy?" confused, she asked trying to keep her voice steady.

  He replied matter-of-factly, "Oh baby, I'll just be masturbating."

  Arthur liked her reaction so much and his secretary was so good at giving him pleasure that he couldn't bear I more. He felt his cum that had boiled in the balls started going up his shaft and seeked for a release.

  "Oh yeah baby, I'm cumming! Yeah!" gasping, he whispered in the receiver.

  As soon as Jane had heard it, she felt her pussy clenched tightly around her fingers and it wouldn't take long for her to cum. She imagined a huge quantity of cum splashing round the hotel room. Her pussy began squirting and an anormous orgasm struck her. Now she lived in the world of pleasure and Jane cared nothing now.

  His faithful wife couldn't imagine that he was filling up somebody's mouth with his sticky liquid at this moment. Arthur heard her moans and he knew that she was in the seventh Heaven now. He glanced down at his secretary and saw her cum-stained lips. The girl hold his cock by the balls and licked the rest of his cum away like a good pet with her still cum-covered agile tongue. More and more cum appeared on the piss-hole and she was eager to lick it away. 

  "Yeah, I like cumming when we're talking like this," he finally said in the receiver, rubbing his secretary's head tenderly. "You know, if you decide to fuck somebody it won't change our love and it'll please me to know that you are happy. Hearing that you are hot has made me hot too."

  There was a pause and Jane thought his words over, but they said "good-byes" after coming to themselves. The wife considered his words as a kind of a joke and relaxed, being sure that her husband was as faithful as she was. Jane was happy that she managed to cum and she laid on the sofa, making up dirty things.

  "Okay, it's your choice, honey!" the wife said and fell asleep.
