Author: mypenname3000
Title: Stud Conquers the World Book Three: Finding the Slut Wife, Part Two
Summary: THe search for the married woman begins. Will it be sable's submissive slut-mommy?
Keywords: fsolo mf mFf ff Fff inc oral cremapie exhib voy D/s BDSM

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader

Chapter Three

Susannah Augustine

I lay on my bed, feeling so good. I knew Zach would take care of that footage. He'd convince that pervy guy not to sell it. Probably take it back. Sable would help. The angels were on Zach's side, so he would be successful.

I needed to go to sleep, but I felt all juicy. I had helped Zach trap the Mistress Bitch. Sable Newport served my husband, and I was her lezzie sex slave. That made me so happy to be both. To enjoy both parts of me.

I liked pussy. I liked cock. Only one cock I liked, but I was discovering I liked a lot of pussy. Id gladlyMoira's pussy again. I'd go even down on Zach's mother and brighten her day if my husband wanted me to. I think I would gladly eat out any woman he wanted me to.

And hope he fucked me with his cock.

A creak came from my parent's bedroom. Then a groan. They made love late at night. I heard my mother's low groans. They sounded almost painful, but I knew they were pleasurable. They were such a loving couple. The strokes were growing faster and faster.

The bed creaked louder and louder.

My pussy burned. I shuddered at the sounds they made as I slid my hand into my panties. I shudders as I dipped through my silky pubic hairs and found the wet folds of my cunt. I closed my eyes and rubbed myself as I listened to my parents' lovemaking.

I imagined Zach on me, his cock pumping away at me. That was such a delight to picture I was so turned on by it. I felt so juicy. I shivered here, my fingers churning away at my cunt. My toes curled at how great I felt.

Zach, I whimpered, my eyes closed shut.

My father grunted in the other room as he made love to my mom.

Yes, yes, Zach! I groaned.

That's it, my delicious wife, Zach whispered in my mind.

My cunt clenched down on my fingers. I thrust them in and out of me with such ease. I wasn't a virgin any longer. I had sex with my husband. He had buried his cock deep and hard into my pussy. He had made me shudder as he took me hard.

I loved every moment of that. It was exciting to imagine that big dick pumping away at me. I had enjoyed every moment of it. I wished he was really here because his cock would feel so much better than my fingers.

They still felt good.

My face contorted with delight as I pumped my digits in and out of my juicy snatch. I ground the heel of my hand on my clit. The pleasure sparked through me. That was nice. Real nice. I quivered in delight, so glad to enjoy that passion.

I shuddered at how good it felt to thrust my fingers away at my twat. It was a wonderful moment to enjoy. A big shudder surged through me. I loved thrusting my digits into my pussy. I savored every one of them reaching so deep into me. I wiggled them back.

My mother moaned.

Father grunted.

Yes, yes, Zach, I whimpered.

My orgasm swelled faster and faster now. I was so close to that wonderful moment. I would just burst with all these good feelings surging through me. They were all so wonderful. I enjoyed them as I squirmed here, my heart pounding so fast. A big smile spread on my lips as I churned up my twat.

I ground my clit on my hand. I shivered in delight, loving the way my button burst with sparks. I pressed it again and again, savoring the way the bliss showered through me. I quivered, my toes flexing and relaxing.

Yes! Mother gasped so loudly I heard her. Cum in me!

Father grunted.

I exploded with my parents.

My orgasm swept through me. The heat washed through my body. Stars burst across my vision as I trembled through such wondrous bliss. I shuddered, my heart pounding so fast in my heart. The rhythm thudded through me. I was so glad for it. I shuddered as the pleasure washed through me.

I quivered, the creaking in my parents' bed slowing. I loved this so much. I hit that wonderful peak and fell back on my bed. I panted there, my fingers buried in my pussy. I loved the rippling sensation around my digits fading away along with my euphoria.

I slid my fingers out and brought them to my lips. I suckled my sweet juices off them. I loved the taste of my cunt. And other women's cunt. I wanted to suck my Mistress's pussy cream off my husband's cum. That would be so exciting.

Then to lick his cum out of her pussy as he fucked me from behind. That would just be amazing.
I quivered and rolled over onto my side. I hugged one of my pillows to my chest and wrapped my legs around it. I groaned, sleep falling on me now that I had satisfied that itch. I drifted down and down into sleep.

The door to my parents' bedroom creaked open. They were heading downstairs. I smiled at that. I could hear my mom giggling. She was in a good mood. I closed my eyes as the stairs creaked. I wanted to always be happy like that after making love to Zach.

In twenty-five or thirty years, I want to be just as horny for him as I was now.

I drifted off into the sweet sounds of sleep, the sounds of the neighborhood fading away in the background. The rustle of the tree outside my window, the hooting of an owl, the start of a car engine, and the hum as the heater kicked to blow some warm air through the house.

I fell into such wonderful dreams.

I woke up hugging my pillows to my phone beeping. It was a text message. I groggily reached for it, seeing my alarm was about to go off anyways. I rolled over and smiled. It was a text from Zach. A warmth fluttered through me.

Tell your parents that you're going to Sable's to study this time. Her mother will confirm. 

I shuddered, my pussy going wet in a flash. A threesome with my husband and my Mistress. I was so lucky Zach was treating me today. Yes, honey, I typed. Love you.

Love you. he sent back with a heart emoji.

Oh, he was just the best. I squealed in delight as my alarm clock went off.

I smacked it and rolled out of bed. I was in such a good mood as I got ready for school. I showered, put on my makeup, styled my hair, then I got dressed in my proper clothes. A nice, long skirt and modest blouse. 

I headed downstairs to Mom in her house robe and Dad in his suit drinking his coffee. He was reading the paper that he held folded in my other hand. He was shaking his head. The newspaper invariably got his ire up.

He would work it into his sermon on Sunday if it was practically egregious.

Morning, Daddy, I said and gave him a chaste kiss on the cheek.

Morning, he said, lowering the newspaper and smiling at me. You're in a good mood.

Mmm... I just shrugged. I feel so blessed by the Lord.

Good, good, mother said. I'm making waffles. Can you get the syrup out, honey?

Yes, Mother, I said and got two syrups up. The sugar-free for Mom and Dad and the regular for me. I could still enjoy it. Oh, I'm going over to Sable's house to study after school.

Is Zach going to be there? Mom asked while Dad ruffled through the paper. 

Yes, I said. But so is Sable's mother, so you don't have to worry. I pulled out my phone. I just texted you the number, so feel free to call her.

Good, good, she said. Not that I'm worried about you and Zach. He's such a good boy. Reminds me of your father at that age. Responsible. He is still coming over for dinner on Saturday?

Yes, Mom, I said. She loved having people over for dinner. She was always inviting guests over. Usually people from the church. Often newcomers. She loved playing host, and it was fun meeting new people. 

Wonderful, Mom said.

She brought the waffles not long after, setting them down and giving Dad a quick kiss on the side of the mouth. She then set down, humming to herself. She was in a very good mood this morning, too. After how loudly she came last night...

Daddy rocked her world.

I fought a giggle. They must have thought I was asleep. I didn't usually stay up much past ten. Early to bed and early to rise. 

I dug into my pancakes, just so glad for this lovely day. I finished my breakfast. Mom kissed Dad goodbye and hugged me. I headed out to the car with Dad. He often drove me to school. I kissed his cheek again and hopped out.

Zach was waiting for me. Hey, Mr. Augustine, he said, waving to Dad. How's it going?

Good, good, he said. Have a good one, you two.

He drove off as I gave Zach a quick, chaste kiss. I wanted more. I'm so looking forward to our study date, honey.

Me, too, he said. So looking forward to it.

Mmm, I heard my parents making love last night. I sighed. I so wish you were there. I had to please myself.

I'll make sure you're plenty satisfied, he said then looked to his left. He must be looking at Nisha, his angel. He was chosen by God. And so was I. The Lord needed me to be an obedient wife and do whatever Zach asked of me, even if it was full of depraved, lesbian passion. 
I was just fulfilling my purpose and helping Zach conquer the world. It was his destiny. The Lord willed it, and I would do my part to make it happen.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

Nisha strode at my side as I headed in with my wife. To the world, we were just boyfriend and girlfriend, but one day our marriage would be legal. In a large, public ceremony. But until then, we would appear chaste.

I would be a moral leader in public. A shining champion here to cleanse the corruption from the world. I would seize it all one day. It might take decades of work. I would invoke dark powers to aid me against the decrepit elites that had clutched the reigns for too long.

The ones who worked through forked-tongued politicians and faceless bureaucrats. They wanted a one-world order, but it would be mine. Not theirs. I had read a manga once, BERSERK. Like Griffith, I would sacrifice anything to achieve my dream.

Anything less would be spitting in the face of those I would have to crush on the way to saving this world. The man last night was just the first corpse that would pave my road. If I stopped walking it, he died for nothing. And what a waste that would be.

Did you take care of that little problem? she asked.

We got the hard drive from the man, I said, smiling at her. And he won't talk. Sable gave him a nice bribe. And no one would believe him without proof. He's a sleazeball.

Good, she said. I am so sorry that happened.

I squeezed her hand. It's fine. No harm was done, and your improvisation was just what we needed.

Susannah smiled with such innocence. Despite how she had been used by Sable, Susannah had cocooned herself in her faith. She had wrapped herself in the silken threads of belief to hide the truth from herself.

I would make sure she never lost that innocence if I could. One day, it might be necessary. In the end, when I ruled the world, would she still be standing at my side? I hoped she would be, but I couldn't see the future.

Both Susannah and I had English with Mr. Harrison first thing, but I led us on a detour to the office. I wanted Nisha to see if the sexy principal was the wife with the false marriage. She had to be out there, somewhere, and there were lots of married women to investigate.

As we reached the office, Mrs. Lindstrom stepped out. The buxom and blue-eyed principal wore a tight, silk blouse that hugged those large tits. She had blonde hair and Swedish cheekbones. Just a fox in her late thirties. She wore another skirt that hugged her rump. She smiled at us as she strode by.

Nisha blended in with her. I stopped and glanced back at the principal and my naked thought form walking together down the hall. Susannah shook her head in disapproval. I arched an eyebrow at my girlfriend.

She shouldn't dress like that, she said. She wants to be seen.

Really? I asked, amused.

No woman wears clothes that tight if she doesn't want to be lusted after. She wants all you boys to drool over her. She has to be the one with the false marriage. She's a hussy.
Definitely, I said, keeping my tone light.

Oh, you're picking on me, Susannah said, a smile on her face. I mean it. She's a hussy. I can tell. She cheats on her husband.

Nisha spilled out of Mrs. Lindstrom and shook her head. 

I sighed. She might be, but she's not the married woman we're looking for. Her marriage must not be a sham.

No, she's just not the right one, Susannah said. There are very few couples that have what we have.

Certainly not my parents, I said, anger bubbling in me at that prick. It was why I went by my middle name instead of my first. Fuck that jackwad who named me after him. Lewis Black, wherever he was in the world, could die of stomach cancer.

He deserved a long and slow death for abandoning my mother. 

Come on, I said as we continued on. We have a few minutes. Let's enjoy our walk. 
And swing by Mrs. Fillmore's class.

It was on the way to English. She was another married teacher that I wanted to investigate. Susannah and I strolled slowly while Nisha broke ahead and phased through the wall. I just kept chatting with Susannah, knowing my thought form was on it.

By the time we were rounding the corner and heading to our English class, Nisha had re-emerged. She shook her head. I sighed. Well, if it was easy, it wouldn't be worth doing, but... I did wish it would be easy.

Just this once.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sable Newport

I headed into the locker room for my second class of the day. PE. My gaze fell across the naked Moira Black putting her street clothes into the locker. I sucked in a deep breath and clenched my jaws. I hated that little cunt.

Moira turned and gave me such a shit-eating grin. She knew I hated her, detested her, and we were on the same side. My hands balled into fists. I wanted to just make her kneel on the ground. I should have asked for that slut to be mine.

If I had just thought, Zach would have given me his sister. He needed me. I was one of the four women he needed. Based on the prophecy, Moira didn't fit either the whore-wife or the naughty mother. There had to be a way to get that cunt to crawl on her hands and knees.

Susannah stepped up beside me and whispered, No luck so far, but Zach is certain his angel will find her.

Angels. Succubi. Witches. I had heard rumors that some of the very wealthy sacrificed to demons. Held dark rites. I just thought it was Alex Jones conspiracy nonsense. That he was making a mountain out of molehills about the orgies held at the Bohemian Grove.

Now...

Maybe it's my mother, I said. Her marriage was a sham before I even turned her into my pet. It would be simple, wouldn't it?

Susannah nodded. 

I'm going to lick my mother's pussy after Zach fucks her, I whispered. I don't normally eat her pussy. It's the other way around.

Susannah gasped and her cheeks blushed so bright red.

Yes, I love having her eat my pussy, I continued, loving messing with my secret pet. I could do that to yours. I could train her to eat your pussy, Susannah. Do you want that?

Zach makes those decisions, Susannah said. Remember, you serve my husband, Mistress.

Right, right.

Hey, Moira said, coming up in her gym shorts and tank top. You should not be speaking so loudly.

I nodded.

Hey! Moira said loudly. You're my girl, Sable, don't be sniffing around my brother's girlfriend, she's taken! Then she threw her arms around me and kissed me.

Right there before the others. Gasps echoed around the locker room. Everyone knew we were lesbians, but to just kiss in front of them? Anger burned through me, fed by my embarrassment and my loathing of this little slut.

I broke the kiss and hissed, Well talk about it in private... honey!

Moira winked at me. She trapped me. I couldn't argue because I had to have a reason to be around Zach and his clique. Dating his twin sister was perfect in for me, and that fucking cunt knew it. She was gloating as she headed back to the other girls who were all whispering to her.

I would make that fucking cunt pay for that.

I marched to my locker room, my cheeks blazing with fury. I ripped it open, feeling all those eyes about me. The rumor mill would have churned our kiss to gristle by the time the lunch break came. Everyone in school would know that I was dating Moira Black.

That the Queen Bitch finally had her heart leashed. Fury blazed through me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

Nisha worked her way through the married teachers as the school day passed. It wasn't Mrs. Shoemaker, either, nor any other teacher on faculty. I supposed it could be some support staff. If he wasn't here, then where was she?

In the trailer park?

At my church. Though many Christians had great marriages on the outside, there were always whispers of problems between couples. That would have to wait for Sunday, I supposed. Only the most faithful went to Wednesday night service, tomorrow night. So Sunday was the best chance to search the church.

Well, it was still early in my journey. I still had to gain my education before I could begin to change the world. But it was a start. I met up with Susannah by her locker. She took my hands, smiling. We didn't have the same last class. Mine was a business class, hers math.

Nisha walked at my side as we headed out front to meet up with Sable and Moira. I liked the rumor that they were dating. It made things easier. Moira had a reason to be around Sable. Sable had a reason to be around me.

I wished I had thought of it. Or that Moira had discussed it with me.

There's my cutie, Moira said as I stepped outside with Susanna just in time to see Moira throw herself into Sable's arms.

The dominating bitch's face tightened before she let herself be kissed. That wouldn't do at all. I headed down the stairs, squeezing my girlfriend's hand as I watched my twin make out with my dominatrix.

A little too much PDA from the love birds, I said as we came closer.

It's so cute, said Susannah.

No, no, it's too much, said Sable, managing to break the embrace. We're at school, Moira.
Sorry, I just have trouble controlling myself around you, sexy. She winked. Mmm, and there's my brother. Let's get studying.

Students moved around us as I said, I heard you two were dating. That's great.

I know, said Moira, snuggling up to Sable. We're in love.

So in love, Sable said, her tone more mechanical than affectionate.

Sable's limo pulled up and her driver, the sexy Ms. Denise, stepped out in her slutty chauffeur's outfit. She looked good in the low-cut blouse, tight shorts, and that black tie that fell in between her boobs. She wore a neutral expression as she opened the door.

Sable slipped in followed by Moira. Susannah and I followed them in. I took a seat on the opposite bench, Susannah snuggling up to me. Moira tried to do the same as the door closed. Sable pushed her off and gave her a look of disgust. 

Chapter Four

Lewis Zachary Zach Black

Don't you want to cuddle up with me, Moira said. Mmm, I love you soooo much.

And I loathe you, witch! sneered Sable. Like I ever could.

You will love her in public, I said, my voice hard. And you will do a way better job faking it than you did out there. Christ, you sounded like you had to force yourself to say you love her.
I did.

And now you're going to fake it, I said. Make out with my sister. I want to see you two kissing like you have passion. I want to believe it, Sable. I gave her a look. You two dating is the perfect reason for us to hang out. You're part of my family now.

Are you going to make me marry her?

Yes.

Ooh, Moira said. That's hot. I'd love to be your cute wifey.

Sable rolled her eyes. Fine. I understand. I'll do it.

She turned and threw her arms around Moira and pulled her in for a kiss. My twin sister melted to her. Heat rippled through me at the sight of them making out like that. My dick throbbed in my shorts at the sight of them kissing with such passion.

I unzipped my pants and pulled out my cock. Susannah grabbed it, stroking it. She gave me a look. I winked at her. She didn't even have to be told as she ducked her head down and engulfed my cock with her warm mouth.

I've missed your mouth, I groaned as she suckled.

She purred around my dick, clearly missing it, too. She nursed on me, sucking me as Ms. Denise pulled away from the school. I savored Susannah's blowjob, my fingers sliding through her hair. I loved the feel of her silky strands. 

She worked her mouth up and down my cock as I watched my twin sister and Sable making out. Their lips worked together. There was real passion in them. I could believe that they were in a relationship.

You act like that in public, I said. I want you two affectionate. Holding hands. Kissing. I know you dominate sluts, Sable. Share them. Get them to eat out Moira. Play your games with her.

She broke the kiss and shot me an angry look. I'll do it.

Don't show me that anger, I said. Push it down and channel it for our real task. I want to see that passion.

Sable turned to my smirking sister. Stop enjoying this. Stop being a gloating bitch.

Moi? Moira asked in mock-innocence.

Yes, I growled, my cock throbbing in my wife's mouth. You're not going to make this more difficult for her. You're going to make it easier by stop being a bitch.

Moira blinked in shock. But it's more fun being a bitch. Sable knows all about that.

You fucking witch, snarled Sable and kissed my sister.

Their lips melted together. I shuddered as my wife suckled hard on my dick. I watched the pair making out. It was so hot seeing their lips and tongues working together. Moira groped Sable through her low-cut top. Sable's skirt rode up, showing off more of her thighs clad in fishnet stockings. 

You two look so hot together, I groaned, my dick throbbing in my girlfriend's mouth. That's what I want to see from you two. Sell this, and from the outside, our group makes sense.

They both moaned as they made out while the pressure at the tip of my cock swelled. Susannah suckled on me with such force. I hadn't cum at all at school. I had restrained myself from indulging with Susannah.

Now I could relax in the back of the car. Ms. Denise was Sable's slave. Loyal.

Yes, I groaned, my wife nursing with such passion. Her tongue danced around the crown of my cock. Susannah.

Sable and Moira broke the kiss. Their cheeks rubbed together as they watched Susannah working her mouth up and down my dick. Both of the lesbians panted, their eyes hot with lust as they watched the BJ.

That is so sexy, my twin sister purred.

For once, we agree, Sable answered.

The two watched on, their hands stroking each other's bodies, brushing thighs our massaging tits through tops. I smiled, watching the affection. They could hate each other, but so long as they had the passion, it would be perfect.

I groaned, my nuts tightening as Susannah suckled hard on my dick. She nursed on me with passion. I wanted to just spurt my jizz into her mouth. To flood her with all the spunk that I had in me. That would be perfect.

Shit, I groaned, Susannah bobbing her head and nursing with all her might. Shit, that's so good. You're going to get that cum.

Yes, you are, purred my twin sister. That jizz is the best.

Only cum worth enjoying, Sable added. You better swallow every drop, slave, or I will whip your ass red.

Mmm, that sounds hot, too, Moira purred. We could spank her together. Some girlfriend bonding time with a leather strap.

Sable turned her head and kissed my sister with passion. Their lips and tongues danced together with even more heat. I loved it. I tightened my grip on Susannah's hair. She was bringing me to that amazing moment of cumming.

With a groan, I erupted. 

My cock spurted blast after blast of cum into her mouth. I loved the filling of hosing down my girlfriend's mouth. The pleasure surged through my body and crashed into my mind. Stars burst across my vision.
Fuck, I groaned, tightening my grip on Susannah's head.


Sable and my twin both watched on, their eyes burning hot. I shuddered as the pleasure shot through me with each eruption. I moaned, hitting that wonderful peak of bliss. I spurted the final blast of cum into her mouth.

She kept sucking as I panted. My eyes rolled back in my head as the limo slowed. I heard a gate clattering. I glanced at Sable. She smiled and nodded. We had arrived at her house. An eager thrill ran through me.

I had my back to the front of the car, so I could only watch what we were passing as we headed down the driveway. Susannah pulled her mouth off my cock. She licked her lips and blushed at the attention. 

God, you're cute, I said as she pressed her face into my shoulder.

Mmm, thank you, she purred. And you're sexy, husband. And you have yummy cum. It feels so good to be open here.

The angel is watching over us, I said, flicking my gaze to Nisha who sat beside Moira and Sable.
The mistress bitch turned her head and frowned. She waved her hand through Nisha's body. There's something here?

Nisha, I said. She's sitting right there.

His angel, squealed Susannah. She came to me and told me I would serve the Lord by being Zach's obedient wife. I'm bound to him.

Fuck, I didn't have a chance, huh? said Sable. There was some magic going on making sure she's always yours.

And you're always mine, too, I added.

She leaned back and glanced at Moira. Is she bound?

I'm his twin sister. She quivered. The other half of his soul. We shared a womb. Developed together. We held each other before we were ever born. We're bound by something even more powerful than magic. The twin connection is the strongest. It could only be stronger if we were identical. I'm his.

Sable rolled her eyes as the limo slowed. We're here. Ready to fuck my mom? I want you to pound her so hard, Zach. Just go to town on her pussy. She's well-trained. Then I'm going to eat her out. 

My dick twitched. That's perverted.

We're all perverts, I'm just honest about it. I don't let society tell me what I can and can't do.

Libertinism. The Marquis de Sade would be proud of you.

Yes, he would. It's your philosophy.

I shook my head. I'm not a hedonist. Der Will Zur Macht is my philosophy.

Nietzsche. Her gaze flicked to Susannah. Interesting to follow considering his views on religion.

God has given me the chance to press my will on the world and make it into something better. To stop it from being riven by conflict and ego. By evil. I will put a stop to it. The Divine Right of Kingship awaits the man with the will to seize it.

The ubermensch. Sable clapped her hands as the door opened, Ms. Denise bowing low. The last group that tried that, it didn't end well for them or most of Europe.

They were weak men who were slaves to a poisonous ideology of eugenics. I'm not. Now, let's go have a fun afternoon fucking your mother.

I slid out, my cock thrusting out of my fly. I didn't bother to put it away. Ms. Denise glanced down at it. Not a single expression crossed her face. I put my hand on her ass and squeezed her through her short skirt.

If you want to fuck me, Sir, just give the order, she said, her voice lacking any heat. She was a perfect slave.

Maybe I can melt that icy expression, I said. But not today. I pulled from her and made room for the others to exit.

Susannah came out and took my arm. She gently slapped my cock with two of her finger and giggled as it bobbed. You really shouldn't have that out.

We're about to have an orgy in there, I said, heading up to the entrance. There were marble steps to climb to reach the ornate, double-doors. Damn, this really is a mansion.

Yes, it is, said Sable.

Before I reached the doors, they opened revealing a woman kneeling on the floor. She was a blonde MILF who was clearly Sable's mother. They had the same facial features, but where they were dominating and stern on Sable, they were soft and submissive on the older woman. A corset lifted her big boobs into two quivering mounds.

Please, please, fuck my cunt, Sir, she moaned. She turned around and bent over, wiggling her rump at me. Her shaved cunt dripped with juices. My pussy, my asshole, my entire body is free for you to use. Mistress has commanded it.

Yes, I have, Sable said as she took Susannah from me. Mmm, you're going to devour my cunt, slut.

Yes, Mistress, my wife cooed as she was led off. I'll make you cum so hard.

Drown her in pussy cream, honey, Moira said and moved up behind me as I ripped off my shirt. My sister smacked me on the ass. And you, tear up that MILF's cunt. Just dump all that cum in her. That's so hot.

Mrs. Newport wiggled her hips. Her cunt cream trickled down her thighs while her pussy lips were red and swollen, engorged with her lusts. She was so ready for this. I unbuckled my jeans as Sable moaned in the background.

She was enjoying my wife's lips. Just like I had agreed. Sable was free to do what she wanted to Susannah in private so long as it didn't harm her or left visible marks. 

I shoved my pants and boxers down. My sister purred in appreciation and smacked my bare ass before she sauntered around to sit before the MILF I was about to fuck. My sister grinned as she grabbed a fistful of blonde hair, winking at me.

It was time to share.

I dropped to my knees. As my twin enjoyed the MILF's licking, I pressed my cock into her pussy lips. Nisha came up and pressed her hand into Mrs. Newport's body as I thrust my dick into the womb that had birthed Sable.

She's not the wife, said Nisha, pulling her hand back.

We'll keep looking, I groaned, savoring that hot twat around my dick. 

The MILF moaned into my twin's pussy as that hot cunt held me tight. It was a thrill to be in this snatch. I drew back, reveling in that hot grip. There was nothing like plowing into some juicy pussy. I savored every second of it as I pumped away hard. Fast.

I buried to the hilt in her snatch again and again, Moira groaning. My sister shuddered, her black skirt bunched around her waist. She grinned at me as she enjoyed having the MILF tongue her twat. I winked at my sister, fucking ahead.

That's my big brother's dick fucking you, slut, moaned Moira. Show your appreciation for that mighty shaft.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned, her silky twat squeezing down on me. She felt amazing as I pumped away at her. Ooh, he's got such a huge cock. My, oh, my, that's just wondrous. Pound my slut-pussy. Fuck my whore-cunt hard!

I pounded her hard. The pressure in my nuts rose and rose with each thrust into her pussy. She squeezed about me as I fucked her hard. I loved the feel of her cunt around my dick. She had such a great snatch. It was an incredible thrill to fuck her like this. 

Her pussy held me tight. I groaned, burying into her cunt with such hard strokes. My nuts slapped into her again and again. She wiggled her hips around my dick. She made me feel amazing. I groaned, rising toward my orgasm.

That's it, my little pet, moaned Sable. Just get that tongue in me.

Yes, Mistress, my wife moaned.

Fuck, that's good! groaned Sable. Yes, yes, swirl that tongue around in my snatch. I want to drown your slut-mouth!

Good idea, honey! Moira moaned. Oh, Mrs. Newport, your daughter's my one true love. I'm going to marry her. You're going to be my mommy. So lick my cunt and make me cum!

Yes! whimpered the MILF, her pussy clamping down hard on me.

My nuts swelled with the need to cum. I pounded the MILF hard, loving her twat gripping my dick. She held me tight. I loved every second of that pussy about my cock. It was a fantastic rush to bury into her.

She wiggled her hips, moaning into my sister's twat. Moira trembled, her face twisting with delight. My sister humped against the MILF's lips, coming closer and closer to drowning Mrs. Newport in her juices.

Shit, I groaned. Make my sister cum, slut!

Yes, Sir, the MILF moaned and suckled.

Fuck, yes! Moira gasped, her body trembling. That's it. Nibble. Yes, just like that. Fucking nibble on my clit, you dirty slut. Oh, my god, yes!

My sister trembled through her orgasm. Her head tossed as she moaned out her delight. I loved the sight of her gasping in delight. I plunged my cock to the hilt in the MILF's snatch. My nuts slapped her clit as the pressure burst.

I erupted into her pussy.

The MILF groaned into my sister's twat as I flooded her with cum. The pleasure swept through my body. I groaned from the ecstasy slamming into my body. I grunted with each eruption of my cum. I pumped blast after blast of cum into her twat.

I filled her to the brim with my jizz. I loved the way her cunt rippled around my dick. I savored the way her flesh spasmed around my cock. She suckled at me with such delight. I gripped her hips as I dumped my cum into her.

Yes, yes, flood my slut-mother's cunt! Sable moaned. Oh, fuck, yes! And you... You little trollop! Yes!

Sable's gasps echoed through her large living room. Her passion resounded as I dumped more of my cum into her mother's snatch. I filled her to the brim with all her cum. It was an incredible rush to have all that jizz spilling into her twat.

Just a fantastic delight to erupt into her over and over again. I loved how this pleasure swept through me. Stars burst across my vision. I groaned, dumping load after load of cum into the MILF's snatch until I ran dry.

Damn, I groaned, savoring that rush. 

I have bad news, said Nisha. The older of the two maids are also married, but it's not her, either.

Yeah, yeah, I said, feeling too good to care. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sable Newport

I licked my lips, eager for that creampie. I was so hungry for it. I just wanted to devour all the jizz from my mother's snatch. I had grown a taste for his cum. Zach had something about him. Something magnetic. Maybe it was magic.

Or maybe it was something else. 

He ripped his cock out of my mother's snatch. She rolled over onto her back, her legs spread wide. Her big breasts jiggling. I rarely ate out her pussy. I usually preferred to have women go down on me. I was more of a pillow queen.

But I had to make an exception for this taboo delight.

I bent down and nuzzled my face into my mother's shaved cunt. Her boobs quivered, her nipples pierced by the heavy, silver rings. I loved the sight of them. I licked my lips and nuzzled down to press my lips into her twat.

I licked at her. I lapped with hunger at her snatch. I gathered up the jizz that spilled out of her. She gasped as I did that. She arched her back, her boobs bouncing. Her passion echoed through the room as I gifted her this delight.

Mistress! she moaned. Oh, Mistress.

I know, I cooed. Oh, I know. Enjoy, Mother.

I will, Mistress, she whimpered.

I would have to spank her so hard. Make her go without orgasms for a day while having a vibrator shoved up her cunt. Yes, yes, she had to earn this delight. I quivered at the thought as I scooped up more of Zach's cum from her.

Yummy, cooed that cunt Moira. Pussy!

Pussy?

Her hands slapped down on my rump. Her face buried into my twat. I gasped as she started licking. Her tongue stroked through my folds. She made me shiver as she licked from my clit to my taint. She purred and lapped again.

I trembled as she tongued me with such hunger. She licked and lapped at me with such hunger. Such wanton passion. I shuddered as she stroked over my folds again and again. Why did she have to be so good at that?

Growling, I thrust my tongue into my mother's pussy. I swirled around in her tart depths, mixing Zach's cum up with her juices before scooping them out. As I did, Moira's tongue fluttered deliciously against my folds.

Pleasure rippled through me as she did that. She knew what she was doing. I shuddered at her touch stirring up my cunt. The pleasure swept through me. I scooped more of Zach's cum out of Mother's whorish cunt.

Mmm, that's yummy, Moira cooed. You got such a yummy twat, honey.

She thrust her tongue into my twat and stirred it around.

I shuddered, my orgasm swelling in me from her skilled touch. I thrust my tongue back into Mother's pussy and found more of Zach's cum soaked in her tart juices. The more of his jizz I ate, the more I craved it.

I licked and lapped at Mother's snatch. I plunged my tongue over and over into the hole that birthed me to find that delicious jizz. I scooped it out of her while Mother moaned. Her large tits jiggled while she humped against me.

Thank you! Thank you! she moaned. Oh, Mistress, thank you for this pleasure!

Thank Zach for filling your slutty cunt with his seed, I groaned and plunged my tongue into her pussy to find more.

Thank you, Sir! she gasped, her cunt clenching down around my tongue.

My own pussy melted. Moira's tongue stroked me in all the right places. She knew just how to touch me to drive me nuts. I loved it so much. I swelled toward my orgasm. A big burst of cum that would shower through me.

I ached for it as that hot tongue danced around in my cunt. She stroked me with such delight. Moira had such skill. I whimpered and plunged my tongue into Mother's snatch, looking for more of Zach's cum.

But I couldn't find any.

Moira's tongue danced over my clit. She brushed my bud, sending sparks of delight shooting through me. I quivered as I suckled on Mother's. My orgasm swelled faster and faster. Moira nibbled on my clit.

Sparks flared in my snatch.

Yes! I groaned into Mother's slutty pussy as my orgasm burst through me.

I gasped as I bathed Moira with my pussy juices. Susannah moaned in the background as I suckled hard on my mother's clit. Pleasure surged through me. A mighty tsunami that drowned my mind in ecstasy. My breasts quivered beneath me as I drowned in rapture.

It was so ecstatic to drink her juices. Delicious. I loved every second of it. Moira would be this good at making me cum. I shuddered as her tongue flicked through me. Mother shuddered, her thighs squeezing about my head as she squealed out in rapture.

Mistress! she gasped.

Her incestuous pussy cream bathed my mouth. I shuddered, licking up her tart juices. Her big boobs jiggled, light gleaming off her silver nipple piercings. I trembled through the ecstasy, the rapture drowning my mind.

Moira tongued me, licking up my cream as my pleasure washed through me. I shuddered through the ecstasy, my eyes rolling back in my head. This felt so good. Just amazing. She was too good at this. Too damned good.

Fuck! I groaned as my orgasm hit its peak. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Charles Ludwig Swartzenburg II

I knocked on the door of my father's office. He looked up at me, his eyes hard. The threat is somewhere back west, he said. The coast. That's the best I could narrow it down.

That's a lot of territories, Father, I said, sinking down in the chair.

Father nodded. Take your mother to San Francisco. There's a witch. She'll help you narrow it.

Mother? I asked, frowning.

She's yours now. Father rose and turned to the windows. I'm done using her. Enjoy her, son. She's the first part of your birthright. More will come, but only if you find this threat.

I rose with complete confidence. I won't fail you, Father.

You won't fail me but fail Lord Molech. He selected you for this mission. Please him, and your star will only rise. Fail... 

A chill ran down my spine. I understand, Father. 

To be continued...
