The rules were simple. All the guys would line up against the wall, pants and underwear off. When the lights were turned off and the music was turned on, the girls would come in and find a cock to suck. After a few minutes, the music would stop and they would rotate. It was so dark that I couldn't see an inch in front of my face. It was so silent that, if you listened hard enough, you could hear all of our hearts racing. A hand slapped against my knee. One of them had found me. I swallowed hard and felt up the wall for something to grip. Here it comes. I took a deep breath as I felt my cock being enveloped by a pair of soft lips. It slid smoothly into someone's warm mouth and came to rest there. This mystery girl's tongue snaked up and down the shaft and around the head.

"Oh, Bhadvi..." I mumbled, feeling around in the air until I found her head. I brushed my fingers over her face as she slowly sucked my meat. All around me, the only sounds I could hear were the girls loudly slurping on the guys' cocks. You would hear a soft groan here and there, but overall everyone remained relatively silent. No one wanted to act like they were enjoying this too much. We had all bragged about we got some every weekend. This was just the usual, right? As my mystery lady continued to lovingly nurture my stiff cock, my mind just couldn't keep from wandering away. I honestly couldn't stop thinking about my sister, actually. She would faint if she ever seen anything like this. Kusum was the honor student, the kiss-ass to the teachers, the golden child. She was going to U S in the fall, a full scholarship. I, on the other hand, was destined for the local community college. She pissed me off a lot, always in her room, always doing homework, never wanting to have any fun. Although it's not like she wouldn't be welcome here. In fact, there's probably not one guy in the room (save myself) that wouldn't want their cock in Kusum's mouth right now. As much as I hate to admit it, she is cute. That soft black hair, that baby face, those full pink lips, that fit body and those perky tits...oh, and that ass. That round, perfect ass. Oh, God...

I had almost blown my load right there, just thinking about her. What a sick bastard I was. Then again, this chick was awesome at giving head. I could just blame it on her. My thoughts kept drifting back to Kusum, probably in her room right now, reading or some shit. She was probably wearing that cute little tank top and those butt shorts... Shit! I had almost lost it again. I needed to calm down. I still had a whole line of girls to go through. Luckily, the music died just then and the girl planted a final kiss on the head of my quivering member before moving on. I sighed and stroked myself slowly, keeping it hard for the next one that came along. I didn't have to wait long. I felt something brush against my leg and then moments later, a tongue curiously dabbing at the head of my dick. I could feel her hot breath as she was about to wrap her mouth around it, but hesitated. Why was she teasing me like this?

"Come on, babe..." I mumbled, guiding her head between my legs. She finally complied and crammed what seemed like my entire pole into her mouth and down her throat. I just about passed out on the spot. This girl could suck a dick like you wouldn't believe. She was like a vacuum, it was incredible.

"Oh, damn..." I moaned, more loudly than I would have liked.

"Enjoying yourself, Himanshu?" was the response from across the room. Just then, she stopped.

"What's the matter, baby?" I whispered, stroking her hair.

"Himanshu bhavsar?" she asked meekly.

"Yeah, it's me," I whispered, "but we're not supposed to tell."

She was silent.

"Who is this? Jyoti? Divya? I thought I recognized those lips..."

What happened next would stain my memory for the rest of my life. Some wise guy had flipped the light switch, causing everyone to be momentarily blinded. When my eyes had finally adjusted, I looked down and my insides twisted. It was my sister, Kusum, staring back up at me. Drool from my cock still trickling down her lip. I tried to say something, but all that came out was a gasp. She didn't have a look of guilt or shock or even anger on her face. It was just a blank expression.

"Turn off the lights, shithead!" someone else yelled.

Once again, it was black. I didn't know what to do. This was my own flesh and blood, my sister. She was my parents' pride, the perfect kid. And here she was, on her knees in a dirty basement, with my penis in her mouth. Before I could react, I felt that unbelievable sensation again. She was sucking me again, and there was nothing I could do. It felt so good that I could barely move a muscle.

"Kusum... You don't have to... Oh, !"

She responded by sucking even harder, not even stopping to rest her jaw. I realized that by now, it was a lost cause. Before long, the music would stop and she would move on to the next cock. I had might as well enjoy these last few moments. As expected, the song slowly faded out until there was nothing but silence. The only sound was the girls' knees scraping against the floor in search of their next venture. I waited for Kusum to stop, but she continued to go at it, not missing a beat. I could hear another girl approaching, but she was met with a single word.

"Occupied," my sister said sternly, with a mouthful of cock, and the girl moved on.

Knowing now that she wasn't giving up until I came, I resumed my efforts to persuade her to stop.

"Come on, Kusum... You're better than this... Shit, that's good..."

She kept right on going, massaging my balls to coax the cum right out of me.

"Kusum... This is wrong... You shouldn't be here... Oh, FUCK!"

"Shut the hell up, dude!" was the harsh reply from across the room.

"Ladies, finish off your boys... Gentlemen, let's wrap it up..." said a smooth voice from the DJ booth.

I had given up on trying to get her off me. I was on the verge of orgasm and she was going to finish what she started. I grabbed hold of her head and thrust and shoved it forcefully in and out of my lap, fucking her face. She grabbed my wrists and held on, readying herself for the load that would soon follow.

"Here it comes..." I warned.

I pushed her head down on my cock as far as it would go and shot ropes of hot seed down her throat. She swallowed the first wave and continued to slurp my dick until she had milked every drop. I was panting as she slowly licked my wet, sticky member and kissed my balls until I was soft again.

"Thanks, sis..." I said quietly.

She gave my cock a final squeeze and slipped away into the darkness.

"All right, the lights will come on in ten seconds..." said the voice.

I pulled up my pants and buckled my belt before wiping the sweat from my brow. That was fucking intense, but I didn't know how I would face Kusum when I got home. The lights were turned on slowly until they were at full brightness. Little by little, the partygoers exited, most hooking up on the way out. I headed out to my car quickly, hoping not to run into Kusum. I drove home in silence, my mind racing. When I arrived at my house, it was dark and quiet. I shut the door slowly, as to not wake anybody and tip-toed upstairs, passing Kusum's bedroom on the way. I paused. The light was on inside and the door was slightly ajar. I peeked inside. She was lying on her stomach, buried in a book. I cleared my throat and she turned to face me.

"Hey..." she whispered.

"Hey," I replied.

"How was your night?" she asked.

"Pretty good. Yours?"

"Oh, I finished up some work... Caught up on my reading... Sucked a few cocks... You know."

She grinned and I returned the smile.

"Good night, Kusum."

"Good night, Himanshu."

I turned to leave.

"Wait... Himanshu?" she called.

"Yeah?"

"Same time next week?"

"I'll be there."

Any lady want join our party pls write me at luckluck@rediffmail.com

