Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Afterlife
Part: Chapter 6 of 6
Universe: Vixen Circle
Summary: A traffic accident gives a man a chance to put 
matters to right.
Keywords: MF, MFF, FF, rom, oral, exhib
Language: English
Copyright: 2010

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated : 
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************
Gavin and Jack were at the breakfast table when I 
wandered out.  I put my hand on Gavin's shoulder and 
kissed the side of his head.  Jack looked surprised.

"Well!  That's a change," said Gavin.  "You haven't done 
that for a while."

"What?  We kissed last night when I arrived."

"Yes - because I initiated it.  You haven't kissed me 
first for ages."

"I'm sorry, and I'm sorry if that seemed hurtful.  I 
can't explain it."

I was truly surprised.  I thought from what Sue had told 
me that I hadn't been totally different over the years.  
Certainly not enough to have driven her away at least.

My memories were coming back but the most recent at first 
and without a useful emotional colouration.  I knew that 
I did certain things and sometimes in enough detail to 
recall snatches of conversation but I couldn't tell if 
the actor in the scene was genuinely involved of whether 
the feelings I observed were a faade.

"At least I didn't have to worry you might steal him away 
from me," chipped in Jack.

"I don't think Sue would look favourably on that either.  
I can remember being friends with Gavin since he first 
brought me some comics in Hospital when we were seven but 
though I love him I can't be his lover."

"I know," Gavin put his hand on mine.  "I worked that out 
long ago even if I didn't stop hoping.  I could kiss the 
girls and fool around but that was all it was, fooling 
around.  You related to them far more closely even if you 
could fool around with us guys as well.  What I couldn't 
understand was how you knew about me even before I did 
and put up with me when others would have beaten me up.

"That is how I realised you were the best friend I could 
hope for.  Setting us up here has only proven that.  A 
little kiss here or there wasn't important.  Please don't 
worry about it."

"Obviously it is important and to me as well as you.  
When the others get up I'll try to explain."

---

"As you know I seem to have a weakness for getting myself 
into trouble from time to time.  Occasionally this has 
had a surprising effect on my life.

"A month ago I slipped and fell heavily, knocking myself 
out.  When I came to it was as though I'd gone from the 
party where I had my head kicked in to today - without 
any time between.  I'd spent almost five years with you 
and others and I couldn't recall a thing."

I waved down the expressions of sympathy.

"My memories are drifting back.  I can remember your 
wedding Sam and Gavin and the interesting reception.  You 
changed your vows subtly but enough that those of use who 
knew could read the promises were directed to someone 
else.  With much of what happened before that still a 
blur I have to say that for me today it was probably one 
of the most precious memories I could have recovered.

"I do have the odd one or two earlier memories - mainly 
due to Sue telling me things which trigger a cascade of 
memories.  As for the others, I'll have to ask you to be 
patient.  This isn't the first time I have had this 
problem and my memory settled that time so I expect I'll 
be okay."

"Sounds rather scary.  When has it happened before?"

I looked at Gavin.  "When you and Sam and I first linked 
up.  The day Harry Powell ended up in the dirt the first 
time."

"What?  Did he injure you then?  You never said anything 
about it."

"Things were easier.  I was showing you how to defend 
yourselves and we were too busy for a while.  By the time 
it mattered I could remember what I needed to."

"You know, if you'd asked me I would have said it was 
when Harry's big brother hit the dirt.  You were more out 
of things after that than anything I can recall earlier."

"I had lost some memories then, it's true, but those were 
memories of my future not my past - or rather a different 
past that lay in the future."

"You're not a pot head, are you Albert?  'Cause it sure 
sounds like you've been tripping on something though 
you've always seemed clean."

"No Jack.  I only tried pot once and that was in 1981 I 
think.  I didn't..."

"*WHEN* did you say!?"

"1981," Sam answered, waving Jack to be quiet.  "Let him 
explain."

"You go along with this crazy talk?"

"I have reasons to.  Please continue Albert."

"Well I was just going to say I didn't really find it all 
that big a deal.  Might just have been my mood at the 
time, I don't know, but I never bothered again.  Alcohol 
was cheaper and didn't get you busted.  Well not for just 
having it normally."

"So what's the story then?  You invent a time machine or 
something?"

I considered Gavin's question and answered seriously.  
"Or something."

There was some conversational mayhem for a second until 
Gavin, Jack and Julieanne realised Sue and Sam were 
sitting quietly, waiting for the turmoil to die down.

"Are you to in on this?" Gavin asked.

"Not in the sense you probably mean.  We have had similar 
conversations before so we aren't surprised."

"Just for a second, assume I believe you.  Why didn't you 
tell me before this?"

Sam wiggled her fingers.  It was like the kid in class, 
eager to be picked on when they actually knew one of the 
answers.

"Albert only told me a little while before he got his 
head kicked in and I hadn't gotten around to believing 
him."

"You seemed to last night."

"Sue told me he was back."

"And that's all it took!  I'm sorry Albert, I've heard of 
these gurus or Maha-what-sits who come over and gather 
all their disciples together and make a fortune.  This 
sounds so much like the Cult of Albert."

"Does that make you my Doubting Gavin?  Sorry, no holes 
to stick your hands in - well one but we won't go there."

"Gay jokes?"

"You wouldn't believe how many I've heard in my life and 
most of them told by gay comedians.  Don't get defensive 
on those grounds Gavin.  I can tease but I'll never be 
intentionally hurtful, I hope."

"So you're not the Messiah but I'm still your Thomas?"

"I'm not the Messiah, I'm just a very naughty boy.  
Sorry, my Python got the better of me."

"Your what?"

"A quote, or rather a misquote.  It doesn't matter.  What 
I want to say is that I am, to the best of my knowledge 
and despite the facts, nothing special.  At least I don't 
feel special.  Okay!  Cutting through the bullshit!  I 
lived a life of regret after doing some hateful things 
and on what I think was my deathbed I was given a chance 
to go back and put things right.  Surely there's been one 
or two corny movies made?  Has 'Heaven can wait' come out 
yet?"

"So an angel sent you back in time!?"

"No.  I just arrived.  I don't have any answers, just 
more questions.  I didn't have a why or a what so I 
worked out one of my own."

"Which is?"

"To avoid the mistakes I made the first time around by 
caring for my friends instead of abandoning them.  *I'M* 
not the Messiah.  I'm Peter denying his love three times.  
I'm Judas selling his soul.  I'm Pilate washing my hands 
of any involvement in the injustices of others.

"In my past life I hurt you Gavin, you who was my closest 
friend.  I hurt Sam by my encouragement of those who 
attacked her.  I couldn't apologise and ask your 
forgiveness; that was another life away.  All I could do 
was return the love you'd shown me then - and again - and 
try to change the world you lived in just enough to keep 
you both save this time.  I hope that I succeeded."

"You did pretty good love."  Sue moved behind me and 
slipped her arms around my neck.

"You've got my vote too."  Sam sat on my lap and slipped 
her arms around my body.

"Is there any loco-weed on this property?" asked Jack.  
"And does it work on people?"

Gavin had been thinking.  "I'm not sure.  I think I might 
have been chewing on some myself."

"What!  You believe him?"

"N-o-o, but there are things, odd things, unexplained 
things that you weren't there to experience.  I was 
Albert's nearly constant companion from, what did you say 
we were, seven?  We grew up together maybe fifty weeks of 
every year.  When we weren't together we told each other 
what we'd been doing the rest of the time."

"And, so?"

"When we were fifteen, Albert ran self-defence classes 
disguised as a Judo interest group at school.  He not 
only knew enough Judo to get us started, he knew enough 
ways to deal with bullies and perverts that Sam here 
managed to take care of one particular bully after only a 
couple of weeks."

"Three if I recall correctly," agreed Samantha.

"But not only that; when a proper Judo instructor - sorry 
Albert, you know what I mean."

"Phillip is my Sensei now," I acknowledged.

"Anyway this sensei came to visit and put Albert through 
his paces.  Albert wasn't as skilled as this guy but we'd 
expected that.  He impressed the sensei though; enough 
that, after Albert lost most of his ability to train us, 
he helped find a good coach who worked with us 
voluntarily."

"Tell him about Sam and the Sensei," I gloated.  She had 
been a marvel.

"Let's see.  One of the other girls - oh that's right, it 
was Carole - Carole flipped this sensei with an advanced 
throw he totally wasn't expecting and then when Sam came 
up to show how she would defend herself against a knife 
attack she stripped down to her underwear and whomped him 
good while he was distracted by her - charms."

"Exaggeration!" muttered Sam.

"That was all very interesting and certainly unusual but 
what was the point?  Sorry, I might have missed it."

"Jack, in the seven or eight years that I'd known Albert 
he had made no mention of Judo.  No interest, no 'Hey my 
uncle showed me something neat'."  Gavin looked directly 
at me.  "I might have kept quiet but I wasn't stupid.  
*I* was learning to keep my secrets - you think I was 
going to blab about you?"

"Thank you Gavin.  You always were a better friend than I 
deserved."

"And then the Vixen Circle!" he continued.  "Albert could 
make girls go weak at the knees just talking to them.  I 
saw it happen.  He made them come just with his kisses.  
If you want to start a cult, *THAT'S* how you should do 
it.  Hell he made me weak at the knees watching him make 
the girls come.

"What fifteen year old knows not the physical things to 
do to a girl but the *PSYCHOLOGICAL* things to get them 
to want to let him do them.  And not only that, to want 
to have other girls do it to them and to do it to other 
girls?  You ladies can answer this.  Didn't he make you 
feel special, that he cared for you personally?  I know 
that's how I felt and I might have only got a couple of 
kisses and a hug from him."

"Yes," answered Sam.

"He still does," added Sue amidst the other Vixen's 
agreements.

I was surprised when Julieanne nodded her own assent.

"We...?"

"You're the only boy who has screwed me.  You don't 
remember?  That's sad.  You were *VERY* good and you 
promised when I was ready you'd be the father of my first 
baby - au natural!"

I looked at Sam and then Jack - he was Julieanne's 
husband after all.

He shrugged.  "It's only on paper - I'm a one man guy."

Belatedly I looked at Sue.  How was she taking this?

"Oh I know Honey.  I was there when you promised.  If you 
get your memory of Julieanne back you'll see.  Sam and I 
were both there at the time and we expect to be when you 
fulfil your promise."

It was time for the surprises to come my way so I 
couldn't complain.

"Listening to you talk so matter-of-factly about the 
whole thing makes me almost believe.  Sam, you said you 
didn't believe Albert when he told you.  What made you 
change your mind?"

Sam shifted in her place before answering Gavin.

"Things he told me before he was injured started coming 
true.  I met Julieanne and fell in love.  His warning 
over the problems we might face in an unloving world 
meant we were more careful and Julieanne joined the 
Vixens and made a lot of friends.  We didn't need to come 
out before the school and, as you know, you and later 
Jack provided us with the social cover away from the 
Vixens.

"Albert and I had had a fight as well - I'd gotten cross 
with him.  I though at first he was less my friend and 
more interested in appeasing his guilt from his first 
life.  That made me realise I did believe him.  Julieanne 
had provided the proof."

"Religion, then science," I complained quietly.

"After Albert was attacked he was less than he had been 
but still more than many of the other boys we knew.  He 
retained his achievements but couldn't add to them any 
more than any other guy of his age.  Fortunately he'd 
started the ball rolling and we girls knew how to keep 
the momentum up so that even the boys who weren't 
actually Vixens gained from our heightened expectations 
and the casual suggestions of the boys who were."

She was explaining more to Jack than to Gavin who had 
been there.

"When one guy is getting successful with one girl after 
another he becomes a font of knowledge.  Before the jocks 
had been fond of telling how they had gotten some 
cheerleader to suck their cock; now they were hearing 
about the joys of eating pussy and how to treat a 
clitoris gently without any actual names being mentioned.  
They pussy-whipped themselves because being attentive to 
our needs paid dividends and a guy who wasn't, or who 
blabbed of his success - or worse lied about his failure 
- found our little network froze him out.

"Albert's introduction to kissing grew into the most 
sexually liberated campus around and the only one to have 
no teenage pregnancies amongst its student body in our 
class and in the classes that have followed us.  That's 
seven years of girls and boys more active and more 
responsible.  There has also been a growth in the Judo 
class such that the school is the mentor for other 
schools wanting to add to their 'Excellence in Sport' 
programs.

"Every school could use an Albert, but it was the old 
Albert, the one who became my close friend, who was 
responsible.  His successor was good at doing as 
Julieanne indicated but he wasn't the driving force he 
had been.

"When I talk to the Albert here and now he *IS* that 
person."  Sam turned to address me.  "You know, you and 
Gavin are the only two men I've made love to.  I think 
it's time that this you becomes the third if you're 
willing."

"I do love you Sam but I'm with Sue now..."

Sue's look told me I didn't know everything.

"I think I can lend you this once.  Perhaps it's not me 
who needs to give you permission though."

"Now *I'M* inclined to believe his story!" The others 
found Jack humorous.

I looked at Julieanne.
"Oh, I've already said she can go for it.  It's not as if 
you are going to knock her up anyway."

Gavin added his permission.  "And don't worry about me, 
I'm only the bloody husband."

I hadn't even thought to approach Gavin.

No-one was in any rush to get away from the breakfast 
table though I did get Sam to shift off of my lap and 
breakfast had turned into morning tea by the time when 
Sue suggested she show me round my own property.

"Don't go too far.  You know we've got plans for the 
afternoon."

"Plans?"  I asked.

Sue led me away.  "It's a surprise."

---

Cowboy movies often portray the West as desert or 
marginal grazing land but that suits their scripts.  We 
looked out from a rise at some beautiful greenery - 
admittedly irrigated in the dryness of summer - and an 
area of productive grazing and cropping farmland.

We share-cropped with a neighbour then took the hay and 
fed the animals on the stubble and on specially sewn feed 
crops.  Gavin and Jack had found an interest in animal 
husbandry while Sam and Julieanne managed the business as 
well as acting as housekeepers and cooks for their 
husbands and my parents.

I returned to the ranch house remembering more than I'd 
set out knowing and I was able to tell Sue about some of 
the features we passed on the way back.

---

Sam collected me from Sue and asked if I would accompany 
her to the guest houses.  These were four semi-detached 
units; each with a lounge, a bedroom, a bathroom and a 
kitchenette - much like a motel room.  She ushered me 
into one and closed the door behind me.

There was no, "Are you okay with this?"

Sam knew I was her friend and that I loved her.  And that 
I had apparently been her lover at least on one occasion 
previously - damn my memory!

Those who mattered had given their blessings and if for 
some reason I felt I couldn't go through with it, Sam 
knew I would explain sincerely and sensitively.

I hadn't expected any approach before tonight and had 
really thought she had some small job for me.  Was I 
getting senile?

Certainly not senile enough to say "No" when she put her 
arms around my neck and kissed me.  Was this the real 
reason I hadn't proposed to Sue?  That I liked the chance 
of sex with someone else too much to tie myself to one 
woman?

Without *MY* influence, was my "younger" self more like I 
had been at his age?  I certainly hoped not.  The 
indications I had been given was that I'd continued much 
as I had been but with only a shadow of the possibility I 
had presented.

I loved Sue and I, knowing what a future without a soul-
mate would be like, wanted her beside me but was that 
just the fear of being alone?

I loved Samantha too but had never seen her sharing my 
house and my bed over the years though I had looked 
forward to hearing her voice regularly and holding her to 
me occasionally as we aged.

Holding her to me now was far different than ever before 
though.

"Sam, I know you want me to make love to you, but is this 
safe?"

She laughed.  "I thought you were the man with *ALL* the 
answers!"

"I got lazy.  In twenty years there is this thing called 
the Internet.  Think of it like a library and a movie 
theatre and a post office all in your TV set.  You can 
get almost any question answered and the answer is often 
correct, but you don't bother remembering it because you 
can always look it up again.  Anyway, pregnancy isn't 
something I had to deal with personally and I don't 
recall having researched it."

"Well I'm only seven months along so I'm in no immediate 
danger.  Of course, you might be - I could fall on you."

"I'd just have to wait until you got comfortable on top 
of me then."

"I'd be more comfortable if you get rid of some of these 
clothes."

I was taught to respect my mother, and by extension any 
mother which, to my mind, includes mothers-to-be.  If Sam 
wanted bare flesh then bare flesh it would be.

"Leave that please.  They are so big now my back aches if 
I let them hang free - especially if I'm likely to make 
them sway around."

Okay, leave the bra!

At first I thought Sam had been wearing pantyhose with a 
seam running up the centre of her belly but found her 
body had developed a creative streak as the life inside 
her had grown.  Her belly button looked more like a 
buzzer by a door and what looked like a cellulite line 
run from the middle of her pubes up over the swollen 
curve to her sternum.

Naked except for the plain beige maternity bra, I found 
her one of the most beautiful sights I had witnessed.

Sam proceeded to strip me off next while I ran my hands 
over her belly.  I felt the lumps and bumps beneath her 
skin and marvelled at the wonder of a life that would not 
have existed except for my actions.  How many lived 
*DIDN'T* because of the changes I had introduced?  Had 
Sue lost well-loved children?

"What's up?"

I had an almost naked woman waiting for me to kick my 
pants off and all I could do was stand there in a 
daydream.

"If you don't want..."

"Oh no Samantha.  I want.  Yes, I do want you.  I was 
just thinking about babies that are here and those that 
aren't."

My pants went sideways, landing on top of my shoes and 
socks.  With Sam in her bra and me in my underpants I was 
aware that I'd been driving and climbing around in the 
Arizona summer.

"I think I should freshen up."

Sam pointed to the bathroom and I jumped in the shower 
for a hasty wash.

The shower door opened after I had the water running for 
less than a minute and Sam joined me.  She'd shucked her 
bra and, bare, her breasts looked unusual but inviting.  
The blue veins were prominent beneath sun-starved 
alabaster skin.  Her nipples were thicker, more like my 
fingertip and her areoles were wide and darker than I 
recalled.

"I can't believe how beautiful you are."

"You don't mean that.  You've got Sue."

"Sue who?  No, seriously, why can't you both be 
beautiful?"

"But why the sudden realisation?"

"You have to understand.  Before, you were a girl; now 
you are a woman - and in all her glory.  People change as 
they leave their teens and I got to see it suddenly 
rather than gradually."

I'd washed the sweat and grime away and enjoyed the wet 
embrace without any overt sexual contact.  Oh, I was 
aware of her breasts pressing against me and Sam must 
have been as conscious of my erect penis but neither of 
us made any move - it simply felt so good for us to be 
there together.

"We don't have a water shortage but we should probably 
save some for later.  I think we might need to freshen up 
again."  Sam had always had slight streak of impatience 
but she had obviously learned to be more subtle about how 
she dealt with delay.

"Perhaps we can see if we need to freshen up a third 
time?"

"We got permission for one fuck - are you trying to get 
us both in trouble?"

I was stunned.  "We get fuck by fuck permission?"

"Oh, if I ever need proof you were back!  We didn't need 
permission the first time.  If there was one thing the 
Vixen Circle taught us, and there were *MANY*, it was 
that we needn't be jealous about seeing someone we love 
sharing pleasure with another friend.  Oh we could be 
upset if relationships ended but that was less likely to 
happen simply over sex.  Would you have split up with Sue 
in your younger days if she had made love to one of the 
other Vixens - male or female?"

"Not if she still loved me."

"Which she does - and she obviously knows we can have sex 
without it impinging on how you feel for her."

I dried Sam, caressing her with the towel so thoroughly 
that I had didn't need a towel myself by the time I had 
finished.  That was probably because as I dried each part 
of her body I also caressed it with my lips.

As I lifted her leg to dry between each toe I kissed her 
now horizontal thigh and followed it to a heavenly 
aromatic patch of fluff.  I buried my nose in it and 
rejoiced in how a woman's pubic hair intensified the 
scent, how it cushioned the friction between our parts 
when we made love and how it readily identified a mature 
female.

Sam and I returned to the bed and lay together, our hands 
and our mouths playing over our bodies in a slow and 
sensuous interaction.  I was probably more curious than 
aroused by Sam's state but the arousal was there.

When we turned to each other with a mutual need for 
penetration, it was without haste.

With the knowledge of how she could best participate, Sam 
lay back with me at an angle, our legs interlocking so I 
penetrated her more like a plus sign than two spoons in a 
drawer or something either more mundane or energetic.

I slid deep into her, her baby-belly resting against my 
leg.  With my gentle stroking came a response - a 
threesome with a difference.  We laughed and held hands 
over the movement.  It subsided and a different movement 
began.  Our hands remained together, gripping tighter as 
we came.

---

Sam and I walked back to the main house.  Sex had proven 
relaxing, satisfying a need for relationship rather than 
release.  It was a building of bonds, liens of love, of a 
friendship between us that had withstood the ties she had 
with Julieanne and I with Sue.

Could I have behaved this way in my prior life?  Never.  
It was solely a result of the Vixen Circle.  In much the 
same way I could cuddle and kiss Gavin which, while far 
less than Sam and I had just shared, was still far closer 
than I had been with any man before my death.  I could 
and had given Gavin a blowjob; that would have left me in 
therapy when I was first twenty let alone fifteen.

I expected our return to be a matter of mirthful 
congratulations and a need for me to reassure Sue of my 
ongoing love for her - even if only to meet my own need 
for absolution.  Instead I found that Sam had set me up - 
though that was mere opportunity than the reason for our 
coupling.

While I had been busy out on the ranch as well as in the 
guest house, other guests had been arriving and been duly 
secreted away.

I just had a chance to tell Sue, "Thank you for that.  I 
love you." when a heavily perfumed woman covered my eyes 
from behind with a "Guess who?"

"Give me a clue," I temporised.  My clue was to be swung 
about and have my hips severely bruised.

"Carole!"

"Well dur!  Of course it's me.  Is there anyone else who 
asks you that?"

"Not like you do."  It seemed a safe answer and I wasn't 
getting any help from an amused Sue.

"And they'd better not.  I heard you had a bump.  You all 
right?"

"Yes.  I think it may have been a fortunate accident."

"Well I'm not sure.  Perhaps we can go to your room and 
check you out."

Again no help from my increasingly amused girlfriend.

What was my status with Carole?  Was I expected to cheat 
on Sue with her too, regardless of the fact that Sue 
might not consider it cheating?

"I think I'll survive."

"Perhaps I should check you aren't suffering any 
lingering effects.  I am almost qualified now."

"Qualified?"

"Well as a Midwife but I do know a little about male 
anatomy too - if you remember."

I certainly remembered Carole's interest in both male and 
female anatomy but nothing about midwifery - yet.

"Er, no thanks.  I think I'll be okay."

"Are you sure Honey?" Sue argued too.  "You look a little 
tired."

What did Sue expect?  She knew I'd been with a lusty Sam.  
And why was she encouraging Carole?  It appeared my fears 
about having to bed her as well might not have been 
groundless.

"Come and have a lie down at least."  She took one hand 
and Carole linked her arm though mine.  Why did I feel 
like I had a burly security guard there instead of an 
admittedly sexy young woman?

In the bedroom they pointed out I shouldn't have my shoes 
on the bedspread and, then, when I'd shucked those, that 
my wallet and keys wouldn't be comfortable to lie on.

"No, don't take them out of your pockets - you'll never 
find them.  Here..."

I doubted I'd have any more difficulty finding them than 
finding my pants.

I wasn't stripped naked but I was pushed on the bed by 
both young women who decided the contents of their own 
pockets would be a problem and stripped to a similar 
state.  They lay beside me, resting their heads on my 
chest and beginning to chat.

I was relieved that we weren't to have an immediate romp 
though I doubted I would escape without satisfying both 
of them.  The idea was attractive and both women watched 
my underpants develop a sudden lump - though they made no 
mention of the change.

"Have you seen any of the old crowd at all lately?"

Carole tip-toed her fingers across my bare belly just 
above my waistband.

"One or two of them.  Rosemary is engaged.  She's waiting 
to finish her degree and then they'll both try to get 
jobs programming computers together."

Getting in just as the revolution was about to start.

"Gina's still with Colin *AND* Bruce though her parents 
think they are all just housemates.  I don't know exactly 
what they get up to but I'd like to be a fly on their 
wall.  From what little she's let slip - well boasted 
about really - all three are more or less 
interchangeable."

Sue did her tip-toeing below my waistband but over the 
cloth.

"I heard from Mary Kate myself - quite recently."

"Oh?" asked Carole.  "What is she doing?"

"You, you tease!"

The ensuite door opened and Mary Kate launched herself on 
top of Carole.

Carole was seriously kissed then Mary Kate leaned over 
and did the same to me while Nancy, Deborah and Louise 
emerged as well.  With so many Vixens present I was kept 
busy and didn't have time to attend to my state of 
undress.

Carole wasn't surprised to see Mary Kate or the others - 
she'd known exactly where they were although she didn't 
have a chance to see them before I did.  Sue of course 
had already welcomed them but that didn't stop her 
getting as many kisses and cuddles as I did.

I was stripped before I knew it and led out between them.  
Sue paused to discard her own clothes then followed 
behind, not at all self-conscious among equal-minded 
friends.

She caught up while Sam and Julieanne were being added to 
our group; Sam's belly being as warmly embraced as my 
well-handled erection.

The newcomers drifted off in ones or twos, returning to 
whatever rooms they had been allocated without a stitch 
on.  I was pleased when Gavin and Jack turned up because 
they too sported boners - for whatever reason they might 
have found.  I suspected there was a gleam of moisture on 
each one.  (Jack had been trimmed of his foreskin and 
smiled at me when I looked up.  I must have blushed at 
being caught looking since he smiled even harder.  I 
think he'd said he was only interested in one man but it 
looked like he could stir as many up as he felt like.)

When we were all there together they suddenly took off, 
dragging me willingly with them.  Through a door I 
suddenly recognised without knowing why and then down a 
ramp.  Down, and around a corner that reversed our 
direction, and then down again.

People were laughing and I was held between Mary Kate and 
Nancy while Sue and Louis held onto Deborah in front of 
us.  I didn't mind being there or being naked but I found 
it disturbing that everything was familiar while being so 
mysteriously conspiratorial.

Before, Sue had understood my ignorance and had shown me 
around with explanations designed to help me cope.  Now 
she was one of those deliberately, or unwittingly, 
preying on the failure of my memories to mesh.

We must have been some distance out behind the ranch 
house and well below the surface of the ground.  There 
was a breeze in my face, refreshingly cool, and the 
changing echoes of cheerful voices up ahead of me 
suggested the corridor opened up into a larger room.

I stood in shock.  We were in a cave.

Not extremely large but adequate.  Our path continued 
past stalactites and stalagmites with forms of amazing 
beauty.  Through to a new chamber and there was a 
charming grotto; a pool lit from below while the cave 
itself only had little starry lights around the tops of 
the walls.

"This is beautiful!"

"I know.  It gets me every time I see it too."

I wondered how many times Nancy had seen its charm.  How 
many times had I?  How had this combination of the 
natural and the man made come about?  Surely there was 
some law covering the ownership of caves.

We bathed together.  The water wasn't as chill as I 
expected but still we didn't stay long.  There was no 
splashing but more a refreshing recovery from the desert 
heat and a cleansing of its effects.  As we all moved 
around in the pool I took the opportunity to find a place 
by Sue's side and stayed there as we dried ourselves and 
each other.

"What's going on Dear?"

Sue edged me away.  I think only Sam really noticed.

"We all love you Albert - I won you if you don't mind 
that term.  They join us for Summer Break and sometimes 
as individuals or pairs and we show each other that our 
love is still strong."

"They don't have anyone else?"

"Of course they do Honey.  You heard Carole about 
Rosemary; Janine found someone very nice too - we met him 
a couple of years ago.  They've both decided to be 
monogamous.  A few of the others have done similarly, 
some with each other.  Others have paired up and still 
come back - Mary Kate and Louise for example.  Deborah 
and Penelope too but Pen can't get away this year as her 
father is poorly.  She sent Deborah because they haven't 
come out to her parents yet.  You know most of this.  
Nothing?"

"I recognised the doorway as familiar."

"This is our third year here.  We were all still in High 
School when you and your parents bought the ranch and 
flew the Vixen's out for a holiday."

"Sorry.  Odd bits of memory but nothing conclusive.  Give 
it time.  So, you surprise me, we swim, and what?"

"The surprise was only because I could make it a 
surprise.  The swim was to refresh us - and as for the 
what, come on."

I noticed the air was warmer where the others had 
arranged themselves over an ample supply of pool lounges.  
As I thought of warm air in the caves I suddenly 
visualised a ventilator filtering out the sand or dust 
and then pumping the air into some distant extension of 
the cave so that much of the heat was dissipated by the 
time it got to us, leaving us with a year round indoor 
swimming pool.  We could have pumped the water up to be 
heated by the sun and returned but the brisk dip seemed 
far more refreshing for the few opportunities we had to 
use the pool.

Mary Kate was waiting on one lounge with Louise next to 
her and they had Sue and myself lay back between their 
spread legs.  The others were spaced around in a similar 
manner; Sam reclining on Julieanne, Jack on Gavin, and 
Nancy, Carole and Deborah each with a lounge to 
themselves.

"I remember being like this with Penelope, last year I 
think.  I hope her father is doing well."  It was my 
first real glimpse of both near and distant past.  Sam's 
discussion with Carole *HADN'T* been the first I'd known 
of her absence this year.

"I'm hoping he doesn't linger but that's partly my own 
self-interest talking.  I don't want him suffering, and I 
don't want Penny or her family to see him suffering, but 
most of all I keep thinking how her mother would probably 
be willing to accept a discrete acknowledgment of our 
relationship."

Deborah could benefit by being able to jump twenty years 
forward to where two women living together wasn't 
considered as socially unacceptable by quite as large a 
segment of the population.

As she spoke I recalled further aspects of Penelope's 
home life she had revealed previously.  I had to believe 
it was a memory rather than my imagination creating a 
false one.  I hoped the last five years came back soon 
and in a large chunk so I could be reassured that was the 
case.

Louise had her arms around me and her fingers gently 
stroked my chest and belly.  Sue was getting a similar 
treatment from Mary Kate and we both smiled at each other 
as our own hands slid over the smooth skin of their 
thighs.

We were up very close and personal and matters only 
became more personal after Mary Kate leaned forward and 
Sue met her kiss.  Sue and I were obviously in an open 
relationship - or semi-open if it only extended to the 
Vixen Circle or perhaps just some of their members.  
Though technically *I* didn't need permission from Sue to 
do anything since it was my other self who had made 
whatever promises that had been made, *I* was in love 
with Sue to the extent that I would have happily proposed 
to her provided my other self stayed submerged or agreed 
with my actions should I disappear.

She had been happy with my time with Sam and I felt 
confident that Louise and I could share pleasure but, 
even with Sue's comments about the strength of our mutual 
love, I still didn't know if that meant I could do 
everything with Louise that I could and had done with 
Sam.

I had to let Louise direct this show, for the time being 
at least.

When Sue scuttled around and buried her face between Mary 
Kate's thighs I smiled at Louise and asked if she would 
like me to do the same.  Louise didn't have to do more 
than smile back.  There was no glance over at Sue either 
to get permission or to look for outrage.

"You are still the only man I've found who takes as much 
interest in eating as in being eaten."

Well that seemed to prove we'd been down this path 
before.  Louise might find this a repeat of old 
experiences but I was highly aroused by the difference in 
appearance and taste of yet another woman who *I* had 
never been with.  Perhaps my memories should stay 
submerged for a little longer - until I'd dealt with the 
other women here, if that was fated.

Louise was musky sweet and produced a thick, almost 
jelly-like slime that felt like it filled my mouth.  As I 
swallowed it was as though I'd ingested our earlier 
experiences.

I remembered the first time that I'd had a chance to eat 
Louise.  That was back in *MY* teen years with the 
Vixens.  From there I found myself fast forwarding 
through other times.  New experiences - just the 
highlights, but enough of them to know Louise was an old 
lover and one who liked what I could do and what she 
could do for me.

I returned to her pussy and lapped like a kitten as I now 
recalled she preferred.  The noises she made were closer 
to a dove than any feline but I knew she was enjoying 
herself - one of several around us now who were 
participating in shared or solo activities.

Memories of Louise blended into the annual get togethers 
- here and elsewhere.  I recalled some outrageous antics 
Carole had gotten up to one year and that led to a review 
of all I'd done with Carole, or witnessed her do.

Making love to her in public - well on a balcony in New 
Orleans, above the crowd and generally hidden from their 
eyes as she leaned over a balcony and caught cheap 
necklaces thrown by those admiring her otherwise 
unadorned charms.

I was lying on some old wooden boxes and Carole would sit 
on my prick - sideways, squirming for a while until she 
leapt up to catch and don the offering and then taking 
hold of me as she positioned herself to slip back down 
over my hardness.

Where was Sue in the memory?  Or any of the others?

The thought opened memories and I recalled I hadn't 
always been the gentleman *I* wished I might.  I recalled 
the make up sex - which included Carole; appropriate 
since it was she who had insisted I apologise to Sue.

I also recalled the private make up - including more sex 
- between Sue and myself when I realised what a jerk I 
was.

Things had stayed good from there but it explained why 
Sue spent a large portion of her time living with her 
parents.  I'd have to tell her I'd remembered and curse 
the other me for a butt wipe.

The only really good thing I got from that memory was 
that I did want to marry Sue and she'd asked for a little 
more time.

I made Louise come, and repeated the feat, and exhausted 
her approaching a third happy.  Sue had managed one with 
Mary Kate and had her going full speed ahead for a second 
when I bid Louise a short farewell.  I draped an arm over 
Sue's back and leaned down by her ear.

"I've remembered quite a few things and though I'd like 
to punch myself in the nose over a couple of memories I 
find we are in complete agreement over one important 
matter."

I apologised to Mary Kate for interrupting and then 
settled myself on the sandy ground beside her lounge.

"I believe I've done this before though not on bended 
knees - and yes I understand it should just be the one.

    "Dearest darling Sue.  Do you think that you might 
say yes this time?  Would you like to marry me, and let 
me marry you?"

Mary Kate mischievously closed her thighs on Sue's head 
so she couldn't easily respond.  Sue's attempts to escape 
then turned into an attempt to make Mary Kate come a 
second time so she would relax her hold.

When Sue's face collided with mine all I could smell and 
taste was Mary Kate.  And yet another bout of memories 
surfaced to distract me as Sue answered.

"Sorry.  What?"

"You mean you weren't listening!?  I've a good mind to 
reconsider."

"If you don't want Albert I'll have him," joked Mary 
Kate.

"Nah.  I'm just getting him trained right."  Sue turned 
back to me.  "You said you remembered.  Do you remember 
what we discussed about what we would vow?"

I stretched my brain cells.  We'd discussed what fidelity 
would mean.  Sue had loved me for ages.  Both mes without 
knowing why there was a difference.  She'd found the me 
I'd left behind was different enough that she'd wanted me 
to be absolutely certain that I could commit to one woman 
for the rest of my life - if I had to.  Fortunately we 
both treated the Vixens as a special case where openly 
acknowledged sex was not a breach of our vows.  Other 
third parties were a problem but my current me had no 
interest and I was pretty sure that my other me wouldn't 
have considered cheating on Sue.

I summarised and Sue nodded.

"Looks like we have a wedding to plan."

Mary Kate and Louise were the first to congratulate us - 
only because of their proximity.  As peace slowly 
returned Sue took hold of me.

"You have to promise me one thing though."

"Yes?"

"Don't *EVER* disappear on me again.  I love you but I 
really want *YOU* if you understand."

"I will do all I can to stay with you," I promised.

---

The years had passed on as quickly as they had the first 
time but, through a careful avoidance of any further 
trauma, I got to see them without any sudden intervals.

Sue and I loved, and aged, together.  We saw our children 
grow and then saw the evidence another generation had 
been started.

Life was good for both of us; for all the Vixens who had 
remained close and most of those who only showed up each 
decade for another reunion.

Our kids grew up with more "Uncles", "Aunts" and 
"Cousins" than most and witnessed such a wide range of 
relationships that made them more tolerant.

We kept the ranch and as the kids grew they held their 
own sexuality training without more than some guidance 
and a little reminder of which "cousin" was actually a 
half-sibling.

We oldies found enough quiet spots of our own while the 
kids were occupied.

I didn't make the same friends this time around since I 
didn't have the same job nor frequent the same places.  I 
had however missed a particular couple's anniversary the 
first time and when I found they had successfully 
negotiated their relationship despite my absence I made 
plans to be at the restaurant if not to crash the actual 
party.

Sue waited beside me for the lights to change.  I'd 
organised things well ahead of time to be at the 
restaurant ready for the couple to arrive but hadn't 
allowed for a traffic snarl as a minor gas explosion took 
out several sets of lights while the attending fire truck 
blocked both lanes travelling in the direction we needed 
to go.

We'd left the cab and walked and now needed to wait for 
the lights to change.  I was getting impatient then 
suddenly surprised Sue by laughing out loudly.  She 
wasn't the only one to stare my way.

"What on Earth?"

"Don't you see Sue, love?  This is here and now.  
Everything from this point on is new.  There was no 
guarantee I'd get here but now...!"

We stood there letting the other pedestrians part around 
us and now the lights were against us.  A man was waiting 
impatiently to cross and I lifted my arm as a barrier as 
he prepared to jump the change.  I reconsidered and 
turned instead, leading Sue back the way we had come.

"You know, we don't really need to see some strangers' 
party."

There was a screech of tyres and a thud behind us.  I 
didn't look back as I spoke to the woman I loved more 
than anything including my life.

"Perhaps *HE* has some matters he'd always wished he 
could have fixed.  If so, I hope he is as lucky as I 
was."

*********************************************************
