The New Rules
By SuperEvil

Chapter 21

As soon as Susana and Lauren arrived back home with their father, he was ready to explode at both of them. Their mother managed to calm him down, and said she wanted to give her own input on how the girls were to be punished. They left both girls naked in the living room, while they headed into the den for their discussion.

The girls hadn't said one word to one another since that morning. Susana finally had enough of the silence, and said, "I know you're mad at me, Lauren, but I did try to stop it, you know."

"I know." Lauren said back. "I was stupid too. I should have tried to stop it instead of sending Abbie in my place." She had been crying off and on ever since her dad had overhead her at the bank.

Paul came downstairs then, seeing both his sisters were finally home. "What happened? Mom gave me some bits and pieces, but it sounds like both of you are in big trouble."

Lauren, who hadn't been naked in front of her big brother for as long as she could remember, covered her little nipples up in embarrassment of him seeing her in that way. She couldn't keep her eyes locked onto him, and instead opted to look in another direction so she didn't have to see him looking at her in such a state.

Susana was also flush, but her embarrassment came more from the amount of trouble they were in, and not totally because she was naked in front of her brother again. "It's pretty bad." She said, totally ashamed of herself.

Paul could see the grim mood both his sisters were in, and just sat down in one of the chairs near them, instead of asking any more questions of them. Then they all waited for their parents to return with their verdict.

It took almost half an hour, but the girls’ parents finally returned to the room. Their mom took the lead, addressing the girls in a calm, but agitated way. "I think you girls understand why you are in trouble. And I think you understand why what you each planned to do was not only immoral, but also extremely illegal! You're both lucky not to be sitting in a jail cell right now!"

"That's right!" Their dad added with fury.

"The police were nice enough to let you off with a warning," Their mom continued. "But that is not going to be the case here! You're both grounded until further notice!" Both girls had begun shedding tears again, but they both nodded their heads, knowing that was probably the least of their punishment.

"Susana, for the next two weeks, you will be driving and chaperoning your younger sister to everywhere she wants or needs to go." Their mom said, confusing both girls. Hadn't she just said they were grounded? "Lauren, since you got such enjoyment out of making your sister and the other girls go places in the nude, your father and I think you should have some of the experience yourself."

"The only place you will be allowed to wear clothes for at least the next two weeks, is at your school!" Her father said, gruffly. Lauren couldn't stop herself from letting out a gasp at her punishment, looking at him open mouthed and wide eyed. "Oh yes. In fact, your sister will be making sure of that for us."

"I want this to really sink in for you Lauren. Remember all the times and places you saw that nudist girl, Abbie naked? I expect you to be naked at every one of those places too!" Her mom explained.

"But she goes running naked in the morning! And she even goes naked for track practice!?" Lauren couldn't keep her mouth shut, sobbing uncontrollably.

"Then we expect you to go running naked in the morning, and to be naked at track practice as well!" Their dad was just barely controlling his anger.

"Susana, as we've said, you're grounded until further notice. But we also think it is important for you to experience some of the fear and humiliation that poor Abbie girl must have been going through." Susana already thought she had done that, what with stripping naked and joining Abbie, but she knew enough to keep her mouth shut, unlike her little sister. "Today, Lauren will be joining you for your humiliating punishment, but normally it will be your friend Heather joining you."

Her mom walked into the den for a moment, only to come back out with two large poster boards. She gestured them forwards towards each girl, obviously wanting them to take it. As each girl took the large sign, they were both able to read what it said. Lauren's read, 'Ask me what I am being punished for. I'm a very naughty girl.' while Susana's read, 'I've been a very naughty girl and am being punished. Look at my naked body all you want!' Conveniently, although probably not for the girls, their parents had written the same thing on both sides.

"Every day that you are grounded for, you will spend one hour in the front yard holding one of these signs, Susana." Her mother explained. "Now I want you to march out there and face everyone in shame, knowing both of you deserve this!" She pointed sternly at the front door.

Both girls began to weep, as the reality of the humiliation they were about to face started to sink in. Their mother escorted them down to almost the edge of the lawn, explaining to the girls that they were to show their signs to anyone who came past, but we're not to use the signs to cover up any of their naked bodies.

She went back to join her husband at the top of the driveway. He had gotten a couple lawn chairs from the garage, and now the two parents sat and observed the humiliating punishment they had come up with in action.

The first people to see the girls were just the ones in cars. Their street wasn't too busy, but a car was coming past them about every minute. It was late afternoon, almost evening time, and a lot of people were now returning home from work.

A few of the cars honked at the girls, thinking they were out protesting something. Others slowed down, to get a better look at them as they went by. All the same, the two naked sisters were both deeply embarrassed every time, and couldn't stop themselves from blushing dark red as they held their signs above their heads for each motorist.

The first one they could truly see the reaction of, was a jogger coming in their direction. It was a man in his late twenties or early thirties. As he came to be in front of the two, he stopped to stare at the two bare miscreants. "What are you being punished for?" He asked, pointing at the sign, and letting out a stifled chuckle. Neither girl wanted to answer, and both just hung their heads in shame.

"Answer him!" Their mom called from the top of the driveway.

Susana looked up at the man, doing her best to fulfill her mother's demand. "We conspired to get another girl naked and humiliate her."

The man's smile turned into disgust as he listened. "Well then this is a very fitting punishment for you." He said, and then turned, continuing jogging down the road.

Another car came by, only this one stopped right in front of them. The windows rolled down, revealing Tony and his two friends. "Hey Susana! Enjoy your punishment! I know I am!" Tony said, and he and Jeremy both laughed at the girls. Frank just gave them an apologetic look from his spot in the back seat, and shrugged his shoulders, and then the car sped off.

"You ok?" Lauren whispered to her older sister, since she had begun crying again.

Susana gave a couple sniffles, getting her tears under control. "Yeah. I was just thinking about what everyone is going to say at school once they hear about this." Lauren could only give her sister a solemn look, unsure if there was anything that could make things better at this point.

The next ones to see the naked sisters were a couple out walking their dog. As they got close, the dog reacted with great excitement, shoving his nose deep into Susana's crotch!

"Woah! Rex! Down boy! Stop!" The man holding the leash tried pulling his dog back, but the dog was a large and powerful golden retriever.

"Rex, you naughty boy! You're not going to get any treats if you don't behave." The woman said, chuckling. The dog's attention was momentarily averted at the mention of treats, and he came romping over to her. "That's a good boy!" She said, patting him on the head. She addressed the two nude girls as she said, "He's always trying to get a sniff or a lick between my legs too, girls. Don't take it personally." She laughed, even as Susana and Lauren gave her a slightly disgusted look.

The man, meanwhile, had finally noticed the girls’ signs. "I guess you girls aren't out here protesting. What are you in trouble for?"

It was Lauren's turn to answer. "We tried to get a girl naked and humiliate her."

"Now why would you go and do a thing like that?" The woman asked. "Didn't I see you out here naked just this morning, playing around with a boy just about your age?"

Lauren turned bright red at that. "Oh, ummm…"

"And you." The man said to Susana. "I'm pretty sure I saw you and another girl going into this house completely naked last night?"

"Oh god…" Susana commented under her breath, feeling totally humiliated now.

"Well, I think that answers that question." The woman said, noticing how both girls were now blushing. "If you two are gonna be nudists, you might want to consider long and hard about if it's really a good idea to try and humiliate someone by making them go naked. You might just end up the ones humiliated yourselves." The couple had nothing else to say, continuing their walk down the street.

After that, the girls' hour was nearly up, but they would have to face one more humiliation before they were allowed inside. Mike, the boy Susana fancied, came out of his house, situated across the street and a ways down from Susana's. He had merely been taking the garbage out. Once he spotted the two naked girls, however, he couldn't resist coming over to see them.

"Susana, what happened?" As he had come closer, he had been able to read the girls' posters. "You're in trouble?"

Susana was now facing a new humiliation, as she knew the boy she liked was now going to think very poorly of her. "Yes, it's a long story, but we both kind of conspired to get a girl naked and humiliate her." Susana explained it the way her mother had said to do.

Mike just looked at her in shock. "Why would you do that? I thought you and Heather were going naked to try and boost your confidence or something? That's what you told me. Why would you humiliate a girl like that?"

"It's my fault." Lauren said. She was going to try and take the blame for her sister so she didn't look bad in front of the boy she liked. "I was the one who was humiliating Susana and Heather by making them go naked. They were just trying to get revenge on me for what I had done to them."

"Is that true?" Mike asked, looking back at Susana. She just nodded her head, too ashamed of herself to speak with him at the moment. He gave them both a look of disappointment. "You two are supposed to be sisters. If I had a sister, or a brother, I could never imagine treating them like that." Both girls were at the maximum amount of shame already, and could not hang their heads any lower. Mike left it at that, returning back to his home.

Heather, meanwhile, was in the midst of her own punishment across town at her own home. Her mom had yelled at her for the entire car ride. She had even dragged Heather out of the car and inside the house by her ear. The only other one home was her brother, Blake, and he was very surprised when his mom dragged his sister in.

"What's happening?" He asked, seeing that his sister was obviously crying.

Their mom paced back and forth for a minute, trying to get her anger under control. Then she remembered the rules. Despite her initial worries about the rule, she had gotten accustomed to stripping naked when she came into the house. She felt hot from her anger, and didn't want to set a bad precedent, especially with how angry she was with her daughter, so began removing her clothes. "Heather is in big trouble, Blake. She almost got arrested!" She had her dress off, and was having a bit of trouble undoing her bra. She was shaking a bit from the anger.

"Oh my god! Why?" He asked, looking at his older sister in shock.

"Would you get this for me, Blake!?" She asked a lot harsher than she meant to sound, but now she was getting frustrated on top of being angry. Blake removed his mother's bra, while she pushed her own panties down her legs. She let out a huff and a sigh, before saying, "Finally!" She then finally answered his question. "Your sister came up with a plot to get some poor little girl naked and tied up at the park! Only Abbie ended up the one tied up, and naked."

"Abbie!? Is she ok!?" Blake started to panic, thinking something terrible had happened to his girlfriend.

"She's fine, Blake. She's back at home with her mom now." His mom reassured him.

Blake was relieved to know that, letting out his own sigh. "What are you going to do with Heather?"

"I don't know yet." Their mom said in exasperation. "Actually I do know. I said the other day that you are responsible for your sister's punishments, and I meant it. I'll leave it up to you to decide what Heather’s first punishment should be." And with that she turned and left the room, not even collecting her own clothes before she left. She felt a great need to cool off, or she knew she might lose it at Heather, and do something she might regret later.

Heather had gotten her crying under control, and was just making sniffling noises as she stood naked before her brother. She had to turn her head slightly to look at him, while she wondered just what he was going to do with her.

Blake turned his attention to his older sister, marching up to her and getting into her face. "I can't believe you would do that to Abbie!" He said angrily.

"It was supposed to be Lauren." She mumbled out.

"It doesn't matter! What you did was so wrong and so stupid!" He grabbed her by the arm, pulling her towards the couch.

"What are you doing!?" She asked in panic.

"I'm going to start by giving you a spanking! That's what I'm doing!" He sat down on the couch and then forced her over his lap.

Heather didn't even get a chance to prepare, as he started delivering the blows to her bare behind. "Ahhh! Owww!" She began crying again, this time from the hard smacks on her tender back side.

Her brother was feeling pent up rage, thinking about what must have happened to his poor girlfriend, so was really letting her have it. "Of all the stupid! Irresponsible! Idiotic! Imbecilic…!" He went on, repeating the words their mother had once said to him when he was in trouble. Only what he had done that time paled in comparison to what Heather was in trouble for now.

"PLEASE! PLEASE BLAKE! I'M SORRY!" She started to beg, kicking and screaming in pain. "PLEASE! I WON'T DO IT AGAIN! I'M SO SORRY!"

Blake didn't stop though, not even for an instant. Not until she was no longer able to scream, and all she could do was just let out wheezing, high pitched moans of pain, barely able to catch her breath. Then, and only then, did he finally stop.

He looked down at her ass first, and then looked at his hand. Both her ass and his palm had turned a dark crimson red from the beating, almost purple. He tried to get her to stand upright, but she was unable after such a ruthless punishment, and she just collapsed down onto the floor in front of him.

Their mom had listened to the entire spanking, which had gone on for more than five minutes, but could not bring herself to watch. She couldn’t bring herself to see the agony her daughter must be in. She only came back into the room once it sounded like the punishment was over.

Blake was just standing there, a broken look on his face, with his own tears running down. While Heather was down on the floor, still sobbing uncontrollably.

He walked a few paces towards his mom and spoke softly, "I don't want to be in charge of Heather's punishments anymore." And he left the room.

Of all the parents, Abbie's mom was the least mad. She just wanted to get to the bottom of what had led to everything happening. Instead of sitting in silence on the car ride home, or yelling at her daughter the whole way, she instead addressed Abbie directly.

"Please explain to me why you would get involved in that? I thought you were understanding and enjoying your time nude now. I don't understand why you would try to set that girl up in that way."

Abbie went back to almost the beginning, explaining everything about how Lauren was threatening her with showing off her naked pictures. What she had put her through at the mall. Abbie just let all of her frustration out about the time she had been forced to spend naked.

"I don't understand, Abbie. You know there's nothing wrong or shameful about a girl being naked." Her mother responded sadly.

"I know mom. I get that. I just… Don't you realize how sometimes it can be very embarrassing to be naked in front of people? Especially when they aren't expecting you to be naked? I know you feel it's something that shouldn't bother me, but it does sometimes. So I got worried about how the other kids would laugh at me if they saw those pictures of me naked. And I went along with Lauren so she wouldn't show them to anyone."

"Oh, Abbie…" her mom grabbed her hand, with tears in her eyes. "I'm so sorry you felt that way. I think I got so caught up with my idea, that I didn't take your feelings into account. I think I rushed you into this too fast. It just worked out so well with my boss and her daughter." Both were silent for a minute as each considered what to say next. "Does it bother you being naked right now?" Her mom asked sadly. "Answer me honestly. You won't be in trouble."

Abbie thought for a moment, "No mom. It doesn't bother me right now. It's just you and me in the car." She gave her mom a weak smile.

"Good. That's good." Her mom smiled back. Then suddenly she pulled the car to the side of the road, put it in park and undid her seatbelt. "How about this?" She said with a giggle, hoping out of the car and coming around to Abbie's side. She opened her door, and then reached in herself to undo her seatbelt, then beckoned for her to get out of the car.

Abbie looked at her mom like she had gone crazy again. "What are you doing?" She asked, wide eyed.

Abbie's mom just laughed some more, offering her hand to help her daughter get up. Abbie cautiously took it, still wondering what her mom was up to now. Once she was out of the car, Abbie's mom led her towards the house they had parked in front of, and Abbie noticed for the first time that there were three little girls playing in the yard in front of the house.

The girls laughed in amusement when they spotted the naked mom and daughter headed their way. All three wondered why the woman and the teen girl were naked. The oldest of the three girls, looking to be about 10 or 11, took a cautious step forward. "Hi, what's going on?" She asked in bewilderment, but she and the other two girls couldn't control their giggles as they looked at the two naked females.

Abbie's mom didn't mind the giggling, and just gave them a warm smile in return. "Hi girls. I'm sorry for interrupting your play, but my daughter and I wanted to ask you a couple of questions if you don't mind."

"Ok." The older girl sat back down, grabbing one of the tea cups she had been playing with.

"Why did you girls laugh when we came to talk to you?"

"Because you're nakkie!" The littlest one giggled. She looked to only be about 5 or 6.

"Sandy!" The oldest one tried to scold her, although she wasn't very effective as the little girl continued to laugh.

"It's alright." Abbie's mom laughed along with her. "She's right. I am nakkie."

"Why are you nakkie?" The middle girl asked, looking to be around 7 or 8 years old.

"My daughter and I are nudists. Do you girls know that term?" The girls all shook their heads, so she continued, "A nudist is someone that likes or prefers to be naked. Doesn't that sound nice?"

"I guess." The oldest one said. "I've never seen a grown-up go naked before though."

"Yes we have! Mom gets naked to change into her swimming suit at the pool with us." The middle girl corrected. *Aunt Dedra too!"

"All three of you are sisters?"

"Uh hum." The oldest nodded her head.

"Aww. That's sweet. Let me ask, have you girls ever seen a grown-up go naked outside of the changing room or anything like this?"

"Oh no. Never." All three girls agreed.

"Why did you laugh at my daughter and me when you saw that we were naked?" She asked next.

"I don't know." The littlest one said.

"Maybe 'cause we've never seen it before?" The middle girl interjected.

"Does it bother you that we're naked?"

"No." All three young girls answered while shaking their heads.

"Do you girls ever go naked?"

"Sometimes." The youngest one answered. "When we have a bath."

"How about other times? Like when you think you shouldn't be naked?" Abbie's mom was getting close to her point now, getting a little smirk on her lips as she continued. She looked over at Abbie with that smirk, while Abbie just continued to stand there, not sure what the point was that her mother was trying to make.

"We all used to run around in the sprinkler naked when we were younger." The middle child answered. "Sandy still does it sometimes." She giggled again.

"Well, would you go naked more often if you could?"

The oldest girl shook her head back and forth emphatically, but her sisters seemed to consider the question more thoroughly. "I would!" The littlest one answered.

"I think so." The middle one agreed. "I'd only wear clothes when it's too cold outside."

"What about you? Why did you say no when your sisters said yes?" She addressed the oldest one.

"Cause it would be embarrassing to be naked in front of people." She answered with a blush.

Abbie's mom nudged Abbie with her elbow, nodding her head at the oldest girl. "And what if your mom said it was ok for you to go naked? Would you do it then?"

The girl considered for a moment, but then slowly nodded her head. "I think I might. Maybe. I could try, but it would be weird to be naked in front of boys and stuff."

"But you think you would go naked all the same?"

"Yes, I think so." The girl nodded her head.

"What's… going on out here?" The girl's mother had come out to check on them, wondering why there was a naked woman and teenage girl talking with her young daughters.

Susan immediately went into smoothing things over mode, showing that they were no threat to the girls. "Hi. I'm Susan Larson, your neighbor from down the road. This is my daughter Abigail. Abbie for short. We were just asking your daughters a few questions. Both Abbie and I have recently become nudists, Feminudists to be exact, and we wanted to get a read on how the neighbors were going to receive us if we went naked in front of them."

The younger girl's mom softened her stance a little. "Oh, I see. I had heard something from one of our other neighbors about some nudists moving in or something, but I can't say I believed them until now." She laughed, returning Susan's warm smile. "It's nice to meet you."

"You too." Susan came over and shook her hand.

"Did I hear you correctly? Did you say, Feminudist? What exactly is that?"

"It's a new term we've come up with." Susan explained. "We believe it is beneficial if only females are the ones going nude. We think it will help teach girls to be more accepting and aprishistive of their own bodies, and at the same time, teach men and boys to be more respectful towards women and girls. We're having a meeting tomorrow night around 6 at the Burger Mountain on 5th if you're more interested."

"That does sound very interesting. I'll try to be there. Oh, where are my manners? My name is Margaret Pennyworth, and my daughters are Fiona, Candice, and Sandra."

"Sandy for short." The little one smiled at them.

"Would you two like to come inside for a minute?" The woman asked.

"I wish we could, but Abbie and I need to be getting home." Abbie's mom answered. They all said their goodbyes after that, and Abbie and her mom headed back to the car.

"Mom, can I be a nudist when I grow up?" They heard little Sandy asking as they got into the car.

"If you really want to." Her mother said, giving her a curious look. "You don't need to wait until you are grown up to be a nudist though, sweetheart. If that's what you really want." The little girl jumped up in celebration to hear that, and pulled off her dress and then kicked off her panties, before going back to playing tea party with her sisters. Her two older sisters just laughed along with their mom in response.

Back inside the car, Abbie and her mom could now talk privately. "Do you understand why I just did that, Abbie?"

Abbie shook her head, "Not really."

"I wanted to show you that you have built up a false modesty in your head. Those girls laughed for sure, but they weren't really laughing at us. They were just laughing at the situation, but those girls didn't really care that we were naked. The two younger girls even agreed that they would be naked if they could, and the oldest one even admitted she would too, if she hadn't had the modesty driven into her by society or her parents.

I know I am partially responsible for building up that false modesty in you, so I am also to blame for how you feel. I'm very sorry for doing that to you." She grabbed her daughter's hand, giving her a look of support. "But I'm also here now to help you work through that. We will get through this together, ok honey. There is nothing wrong with you being nude, and I promise I won't give up on helping you learn that, until you know that in your heart of hearts."
