I was standing by the laundry bin, peeling my shirt off. I had just worked out, my body feeling tense. I was about to shimmy out of my spandex when arms wrapped around my waist. I gasped, his body pressing up against mine.
"God you're so sexy," he whispered, his lips pressing up under my ear. I bit my lip, feeling his hands slide up my stomach and under my sports bra.
"But I'm all sweaty," I whimpered as he teased my nipples, his palms cupping my breasts. I felt his tongue run up my neck to my ear, his lips capturing it as he starting to nibble and suck on it.
"I know, it's so damn sexy," he groaned, kissing down my neck. He bit me aggressively, his dick pressing up against my ass. It was hard, throbbing even! His hands coerced my bra up, releasing my breasts as he continued to kiss and suck at my neck. "You don't understand how mad you drive me," he practically growled, his lips on my ear as one of his hands slid down my stomach. It was rough, his hold on me tight. God it was intoxicating the way he took control of me.
"Fuck!" I whined when his fingers rubbed against my pussy. He was such a damn fucking tease, fondling me over my spandex. My legs gave in though, spreading slightly for him out of pure instinct. His arm held me against him, his hand aggressive as he groped my tit.
"Mmm, this pussy feels so hot already," he muttered, his voice rough with lust. I reached down, shimmying my spandex off my hips. His thumb hooked into the waist band, holding the bunched up fabric in his hand as he continued to tease me. "Are you not wearing anything under these?" he growled, his hand sliding up from my breast to my neck. My head turned, his lips capturing mine with a moan. He rubbed and prodded at my hole, shoving my spandex up into me as he started grinding against my ass.
"Please!" I clawed at his wrist, desperate for his real touch. He kissed my shoulder and the back of my neck, biting me then as he shoved his hand into my spandex. I whimpered and that turned into a deep groan rumbling in my chest as his large, hot fingers massaged my lips together.
"Hear how fucking wet you are," he groaned, rubbing his finger down my slit as he continued to massage my lips together. There was a very subtle squishing sound coming from between my thighs, but it was enough for both of us to hear it. "Filthy woman," he chuckled heartily, grabbing my arm and spinning me around. He pushed me back against the wall, his lips crushing mine as he shoved his hand into my pants again.
I clung to him, my legs feeling weak as his fingers caressed and massaged my pussy. He would rub my lips, dip his fingers between them to tease my clit and quivering hole before abandoning them. It was leaving me on edge, all of my nerves like live wires as he started kissing and sucking at my neck. His arm held my waist, keeping me up as he worked his lips down to my breasts. His lips played subtle games with my nipple, his tongue dancing across it occasionally. I soon realized he was matching his teasing with his playful passes to my clit.
"Oh god!" I whimpered, my hips lurching desperately as he teased my hole again.
"Please, finger me! Please!" my desperate cries made him groan, his fingers sliding torturously along my slit. He sighed and then sucked my nipple into his lips, his teeth teasing it as two of his meaty fingers shoved up inside of me. I felt his thumb press up under my clit, his fingers rubbing that glorious spot as he licked and sucked my nipple. He switched to the other nipple, his free hand roaming over my body. As it trailed up to the back of my neck he released my nipple, his lips meeting mine again. I moaned as his tongue commanded mine.
My thighs were burning, my stomach knotting as that familiar tingle built up in my back and pussy. My mouth fell from his as I panted, hanging onto him desperately. He watched me, his eyes filled with lust as his lips teased mine. We were both panting, our bodies filled with reckless wanton. My breath started to hitch as I felt my body tense, nearly cresting that glorious peak when he pulled his hand away. I collapsed in his arms with a whimper, trembling as my body was overcome with the near orgasm.
He pulled me into his arms, bringing me to the bed to lie down. He yanked my spandex off me, lying between my legs as he started kissing and caressing my thighs. His lips and hands rough and so passionate on my body. He continued his way toward my pussy, his arms wrapping around my thighs. He pulled them onto his shoulder, his hands pressing down on my mound as his eyes opened. We looked at each other and he smirked before placing a soft kiss on my lips.
"Such a tasty pussy," he muttered, kissing it some more. I felt his lips parting, gently sucking on my lips as he laid kisses there. I'd feel his tongue too, his body shifting slightly as he worked closer. His tongue started teasing me, dancing around my clit and hole, running the length of my lips between kisses. One of his hands slid up my body, groping my breast and tweaking my nipple occasionally as he applied more pressure to my pussy.
I held his head, my fingers tangled in his hair as I whimpered and moaned through the torture. It was amazing, my pussy throbbing with need. His tongue was trailing my length between his labored kisses, testing my hole and clit with every pass as he shifted even closer. His face was pressed up against me, working against my pussy as he started to devour me. There wasn't a man on this Earth who loved eating pussy more than him. Both his hands were massaging my breasts then as he groaned, sucking and lapping at my pussy desperately.
"So fucking close baby!" I whimpered, his tongue plunging inside of me. He lapped at my hole, his nose rubbing against my clit. I was gasping, my breaths quickening as my body skyrocketed to near orgasmic bliss. His lips pushed up then, his tongue coercing my clit to harden more. After a few teases of his tongue, he pressed his lips up against me, sucking it into his mouth. His hands teased my nipples as his tongue flicked my clit, jolts tingling between my breasts and my pussy as he worked me over. "I'm gonna cum!" I cried out, my legs clamping on his head. He ripped his mouth away and I collapsed, trembling as I was left on another near orgasm.
"Fuck, you're so sexy!" he groaned, crawling up my body. He straddled my chest, pushing his sweatpants down in the front. I admired his cock, loving how plump his tip was. My hands slid up his thighs, grabbing hold of his sweatpants as he pulled my head up. He fed me his cock, his face twisted with pleasure as we worked together to get his dick as deep into my mouth as I could handle.
He hunched over slightly, reaching out to grip the headboard as he started rolling his hips and thrusting at my mouth. My eyes rolled back as my tongue lapped at his shaft, my throat aching for his cock. There was nothing I wanted more than to take him as deep as I could, letting him ravage my body. He was grunting and panting, going faster. I wanted him to cum so bad, wanted to know I could make him feel so good. But before he did he pulled away.
"I need this pussy," he moaned, working down my body as he leaned over to kiss me. His hands pulled my legs apart, his actions rough but only because he was needy. It was intoxicating to know he was desperate for me, for my body. Our tongues swirled around and then I felt it, his delicious hot and stiff cock pressing up against me. My legs pulled back slightly, my hips lifting up on their own accord, inviting him in. His arms pressed against my sides, his hands reaching down to grab my ass as he thrusted into me.
"Hnnnnngh!" I trembled, my pussy spasming as he filled me. His body was hot, starting to sweat a bit too as he worked his hips against mine. I slid my hands down his chest and around his waist. My fingers and palms gripped his ass, pulling him deeper as my back curved, my hips rolling up to meet his. I felt a pressure deep inside, feeling like he was hitting my stomach as he pressed in.
"You feel so fucking tight, so damn wet," he grunted, thrusting eagerly into me. Every thrust pushed him against that spot. It almost hurt, but there was a deeper burning, a desire to feel him there more. He grabbed a pillow and tucked it up under my hips, reaching up to hold my shoulders as he lurched his hips. A powerful thrust jolted me, my back arching as I gasped. He groaned, his face so close to mine as he watched me.
"I love you," I whimpered and he smiled, kissing me tenderly as he pushed into me.
"I love you too," he muttered, pulling out almost all the way. He gripped my shoulders, thrusting into me with a rough grunt and I cried out. That must have felt nice because soon enough that was all he was doing, his body covered in sweat as he panted and grunted. He was powering himself into me, my body trembling and thrashing from his force.
"I want to cum," I whimpered, my lips moving against his. He kissed me, pushing deep then. I whimpered as he held himself there, gently thrusting his hips. My pussy was stuffed, his crotch tribbing my clit with each thrust. I was already so worked up, so high that these little movements were enough to break me.
"Cum for me baby," he mumbled, his hand sliding up into my sweaty hair. He held my head, kissing me all over my neck and face as he ground himself into me. My hips started jerking against him, my body screaming for release. "That's it baby," he encouraged, our bodies finding a glorious rhythm together. I pulled his face to mine, kissing him desperately as my hips jerked and humped at him. Our tongues swirled sensually, his body pressing into mine. All of it was maddening. And then the dam broke, and all the effort he put in to edging me paid off. My body tensed, my head falling back violently as I cried out. A burning, tingling, churning pleasure emanated from my pussy, consuming my body as my back arched up into him.
"I'm cumming!" I cried out and he groaned, pushing up off me. His hands pushed into the mattress by my head as he started thrusting into me violently. The throes of pleasure consumed me, his new effort heightening the sensation as my pussy spasmed and stretched around his cock. I grabbed his wrists, my shoulders pressing into the bed as I cried out with another deep, rumbling orgasm. It rocked my body, wave after wave of burning, raw pleasure making my muscles quiver.
"I'm going to cum in this pussy," he grunted and I could only moan, my mind gone as he continued his delicious assault. One of his arms slid under my hips, pulling them up slightly as he leaned over more, driving deeper. He was panting then, his face contorting with his own pleasure as he clawed at my hip. "Oh fuck!" he growled, his body tensing slightly as his hips jerked erratically. He grabbed one of my hands, clutching it tightly and pressing it into the bed as he humped me desperately. I felt his cum, so hot as it filled my pussy. He huffed and trembled, coming down from his own climax as he slumped into my body. His forehead rested on my chest, his body still pressed against mine as his dick softened.
"That was amazing," I whispered and he chuckled, kissing my nipple and all over my breast as he worked his way up. I felt his arm release me, pulling the pillow out from under me as my body fell to the bed. His dick slid out of me with a slurp, his cum feeling like it was oozing out of me too.
"You're amazing," he grumbled, holding me as he kissed me tenderly. "I love you," he sighed, and I smiled.
"I love you too," I mumbled, feeling tired enough that I could just pass out. God he was everything I could ever need, and he was mine...