The glint in Angie's eyes leads, as usual, to a big surprise.

We were out at a little club we go to often on the edge of town, which has a nice balcony out over the lake, with a wrought iron railing around it, and little tables like you might find in a French sidewalk caf, with striped table cloths and the whole bit. It has low lights inside and little lanterns outside so the shadows make it very intimate and cozy for two little lovers like us. It seems like the new never wears off even after six years together. We still love going out and dancing and sipping wine and holding hands and staring at each other as candles flicker on our table. We were, as usual, dressed to the nines in our LBDs and our hair done up fancy.

Angie is a little five foot one auburn haired beauty that should have been a model, except she is too short, so now she is a real estate associate and starting to finally make the big bucks, which was why we were out tonight to celebrate her latest commission check. I am a cute little blond with hazel eyes and a sexy little figure who also could have been a model if I were taller, but I found a little shop in town that has neat older style clothes which I am into, and a really cool owner so I am happy there. And more importantly I am close to Angie so if I want her all I have to do is walk a few blocks and plop on the edge of her desk and open my legs, and she forgets all about work and shuts the door and throws me on the sofa by her desk and makes mad passionate love to me until I am exhausted.

So tonight we were sitting on the balcony after a fine dinner down the street and sipping wine, as I said, and she is looking at me with that devilish grin she gets when I know I am going to either get attacked, or she is going to spring some neat surprise on me, like the time she threw a surprise party for me when I had no idea she was going to.

"Okay, sneaky, why are you grinning like that? I know you; you are up to no good, right?"

She leaned back in her chair and bit the edge of her glass lightly as she stared at me over the rim with a sparkle in her greenish blue eyes.

"Angie!" I whined, as I pushed a stray curl off my forehead, "You're killing me with the suspense, come on, honey, give!"

"Welllll," she slowly started, "I was just thinking about your naked little body under that dress, and how much I want to rip it off right here and now, and stick my tongue up in your hot little cunt and suck on your clit until you gush all over my face." With that her grin widened and she giggled softly, "How's that sound to you?" and then ran her long tongue around the edge of the wine glass sending chills up my spine and a hot flash to my thighs and cunt lips.

My heart beat went off the scale, and I opened my mouth to try to catch a breath as I gasped and shuddered and my breasts started swelling and my nipples extending as goose bumps broke out all over my body. My chin quivered as my nerve endings started sending little shots of pleasure through me, and I started panting softly through my parted lips. She knows how to press all my buttons, but when she talks like that it is the one thing that can make me cum without even having a hand laid on me anywhere.

As I sat there shaking with my hands pressed down on my mound through my little dress, she continued to lick the glass, now running her tongue up the frosted sides and then running it around her pink lipsticked puffy little lips in an erotic display meant to drive me higher toward the orgasm I knew was starting to creep up on me.

"Your nipples look like they are going to puncture your top, sweetie. Are you getting a little turned on, maybe?" She taunted as she smiled and then continued licking her glass in a lascivious manner as she stared into my eyes. I looked down and could see how far they were pushing my top out as they strained against the thin material, far enough to where I could see my belly button.

I shuddered again as she leaned forward, and then after checking to see if we were alone still on the balcony, she reached over and ran her hand up my leg. I jerked as her fingers scorched my skin and the heat rose higher in my loins.

"Angie," I hissed as I panted, "What are you doing? We are in public. Please stop, okay?"

She grinned and then slid her chair closer so our knees were touching. I looked at her warily as she reached up and brushed another stray curl out of my eyes and then she leaned over and kissed me and I almost swooned from the tingles running through me. Then she drew back and took my hands and pushed them to my sides so I was sitting with a death grip on the chair bottom as she ran both hands slowly up my hot thighs. The chair was shaking and my knees were trembling as she moved the hem on my dress higher and higher, trailing her nails along the tender insides of my thighs making me squirm and gasp for air.

As she ran her tongue around over my lips she panted softly, "Are you about to cum, sweetie? Hunh? Hunh? Are you getting wet? I feel something on my fingers. Yes, I believe you are." She giggled as she teased my naked clit and ran one finger in between my lips and slid it up and down very slowly making me gasp even more. She stopped and then brought her hand up and trailed her wet fingers around my lips. "Suck it, honey. Taste good?" She taunted as I licked my juices off her soft fingers. 

As I sucked her fingers into my panting mouth she suddenly jammed her other hand roughly against my cunt and shoved her fingers deep up in me and I shrieked as she covered my mouth with her hand to stop me from alerting the other customers to my plight. My eyes were wide as she stared at me and smiled as she slowly began working her fingers deeper in me and then pulling back toward her until I almost leaped out of my chair when she hit the bundle of super sensitive nerves in the front of my vagina. I shook as I stiffened and held onto the seat for dear life.

`Angieeeee," I moaned, "I can't take much more, honey, please stop, oh God!"

She whispered loudly, "Suck my fingers, slut, suck them like it was a big cock stretching your little mouth wider and wider!" and with that she stuck all her fingers in my mouth and I sucked as saliva ran out the sides of my mouth. Her fingers in my cunt were relentlessly stroking my insides as I spread my legs wider and she finger fucked me harder and harder while rubbing my clit with her thumb. I was leaking like a river and could hear the sucking sounds as she pummeled me unmercifully in my chair.

"Suck that cock, harder!" she hissed in my ear as she sucked and licked on it, and I gasped and wiggled on my seat humping her hand furiously as the orgasm built more and more until I was about to explode. Then she played her ace and reached down with her wet fingers and yanked my nipple hard through the thin dress and I screamed, "OhmiGoooodddddddd!" and erupted in a huge orgasm, and stars flickered at the back of my eyes as I jerked and quivered in my seat from one contraction to the next intense one, and my fingers almost dented the seat wood from my tight grip as I tried to remain on the chair through it all.

As Angie ran her hand over my sweaty brow and cooed in my ear I slowly came back to reality and sighed as I hugged her tight. "Oh, God, Angie, you are a devil in disguise, you little stinker. You sure know how to get to me."

"Well, duh," she giggled, "I have only slept with you for six years, and I knew all your spots even before that, plus the fact you love it when I talk dirty, so what's the big surprise, hunh? I love getting you off and you love it, too, you know you do. So go get cleaned up in the ladies room and then drink your wine while I go find the waiter. My glass is empty. Be right back." With that she pecked me on the cheek and got up and smoothed her dress over her hips and fluffed her curls as I watched and thought like I always do every time I look at her, "How did I ever get this lucky? Somebody up there sure must like me a lot."

I walked down the outside stairs to the restrooms and went in and did my thing, looking at my hair in the mirror and giggling at the mess I saw. I arranged it as best I could and then checked out my dress and  made sure it wasn't all soaked from my juices, and it surprisingly had come out pretty good with only a few little spots where my cum had hit it from underneath. Besides the dim light on the deck and inside the club would hide anything on it since it was black. So I washed my hands and headed back up to the balcony as Ang came out from the bar and we sat again as she smirked at me and I grinned back.

As we toasted the new money we had now from her sale we heard a voice from the door say, "Ohmigod, it's you guys!" Angie turned and I stared as Sara's high heels clicked on the hard surface as she walked out on the balcony. She smiled as she stuck out her hand to Angie to shake and then hugged her. I stood and did the same and we asked her to join us as she looked back and forth at us grinning like crazy.

"Where's Jason?" I asked when there was a lull in the greetings.

"Oh, he's off somewhere with those buds of his probably beating up some guy or something," she giggled as she sipped her vodka tonic, "they have a big show tomorrow over in Washington, so he wanted to work out a little to be prepped for it. So what are you two lovebirds doing here?"

Angie giggled as she took my hand and squeezed it, "We are celebrating my sale of a house. And little miss sexy here just got her little cunt worked over. You just missed it."

Sara gasped as she looked back and forth at us. Then she laughed and said, "Ohmigod, you mean right here? On the balcony? Jan, you little slut, can't you go a minute without getting off?" That cracked us up as I protested weakly, and Angie laughed as she squeezed my hand harder. We have known her and her husband a long time since high school and we introduced her to lesbian sex on the Fourth of July last weekend, so she wasn't that surprised to hear the story as Angie regaled her with all the sordid details, and I blushed as Sara patted my hand and chuckled.

"So, what about you?" I asked when there was a pause in the conversation, "You get any this week?"

She laughed and said, "Just from the big stud a couple of times. He fucked me good last night so I am happy to be rid of him for a while to rest up. But that was awesome on the boat; I loved you guys making love to me. I hope we can do it again real soon. But I better not tell studly, he will get all uppity with his big macho dick talk again."

We broke up at that and laughed until we had tears in our eyes. Finally we calmed down and I noticed Sara still had her hand on mine and was squeezing it from time to time. I looked at Angie and she raised her eyebrows when she saw her do it again. I saw the flash in her eyes momentarily, and then it disappeared when I winked at her to let her know I didn't mind. Nobody, and I mean not a single person, touches me without Angie's permission, other than the usual handshake or kiss hello type of stuff, unless I give her the nod like I just did, so she knows I am okay with it. I have seen her drop a two hundred pound guy like a rock with just one lightening swift high kick to the left side of his neck when he thought he could maybe cop a little feel on my bottom when he thought she wasn't looking.

So anyway we talked some more until we were all getting a little giddy and then we stood up by the railing to watch a big houseboat like Jason's come by with a big party in full swing on the upper deck. The people waved and shouted and we waved back and then we gasped and laughed as one guy leaned over too far and fell overboard to the riotous laughter of his comrades. They pulled him back onboard and went on their way, with their radio blaring enough to wake the dead. 

Peace and quiet finally returned, and a slight breeze tugged at the hem of my dress and swirled up underneath, teasing my bald little cunt lips and sending a delicious shiver up my back. Angie hugged me when she saw it and ran her hand up and down my arm to warm me up as Sara looked at us and smiled.

"You guys are so cute together, I envy you both a lot, you know?" We nodded and mumbled thanks as we rubbed noses and grinned.

"Well, you and Jason have the perfect marriage, right?" I asked.

"Actually, we do. He is so warm and affectionate, and takes good care of me always, so I have no wants or needs, at least until last weekend, maybe."

"Uh oh," I thought, as Angie looked at me, and I could see her thinking the same thing. "It looks like we may have inadvertently created a problem by making love to her last weekend."

"Hmm, so what need are you referring to?" I asked hesitantly, already knowing what she would say.

"You know, the other kind of soft sex that you guys showed me, I loved the closeness and the bonding that he just will never understand."

"Well, you could still do both, he said it was okay, right?"

"Yeah, but I don't want to hurt his feelings, you know?"

"Look, Sara," Angie piped in, "He liked watching so why not make a tape for him so he can watch while we do you again? We have the camera and lights at our place; we could make it and give him a copy? Jan and I love you and would make love to you again if you want."

With that Angie slid her hands up over Sara's dress and squeezed her breasts softly making her gasp and stare at us with lust all over her pretty face. I slid my hand down over her hip and then pushed the fabric of her dress against her mound which made her jump and then look at me as I stared back and inched my fingers down and then pushed the soft cotton into the valley between her outer cunt lips which made her jerk again and softly moan, "Oh, yess, that's what I need. Oh God, you two are getting me awfully hot, you know? What if somebody comes out here?"

Just then the bouncer stuck his head out the door to check the balcony for any signs of trouble. He is an old school chum and he grinned and gave us a thumb up as he closed the door, leaving us alone on the porch. We knew he was probably standing guard inside so we wouldn't be disturbed, since Angie and I had made out on this balcony before.

Ang and I turned our attention back to Sara and I kissed her softly as Angie went back to playing with her swelling breasts and firm nipples through her dress. She leaned back on the railing and panted as we worked our magic on her trembling body until she was almost to cum, and then we stopped as we looked at each other and grinned. We are experts at drawing girls out so long they almost go berserk with anticipation, and we planned on making this a night that Sara would never forget, ever.

To be continued.







 







