Final Fantasy Seven: TFLN Cues

(Texts from Last Night)

Rating: T
BETA: Ziggy Pasta…
Cue: … You put your cat … and said you trained him to ambush ….
Warning: Cait is convinced to do stuff by Yuffie.
Disclaimer: Don't own FF7 fandom. Do not profit from this endeavour.
Characters: Yuffie, Reeve, Cid and Vincent.
POV: Reeve

CAIT

Reeve ran a hand through his hair and leaned back in his chair. He had been spending too much time behind his desk now, even if the desk was in the middle of a research camp. He was trying to clean up yet another one of Hojo's secret laboratories.

He felt trapped by the obligations of the WRO that he was in charge of.

~what Shin-Ra could have been, if it hadn't been so corrupt~

He needed to go for a walk. He needed to get out of his stuffy tent and clear his head. He looked around for Cait. Cait always enjoyed sitting on his shoulder when they went for walks. It was quite odd to see the Moogle robot that it usually rode on sitting silently in the corner.

He didn't have much time to contemplate it before someone was yelling for him.

"Reeve!"

He turned to see a very angry Cid glaring at him. What startled Reeve was the fact that he had Cait attached to his shoulder. Its teeth embedded firmly in the Chief's and one of Cait's small white gloved hands was pulling in his hair.

"What…?" he began, but didn't get another word out.

"Did ya lend Yuffie Cait?"

"What? No. I would never do such a thing," he said and approached Cait. "What are you doing?"

Cait released its teeth from Cid's shoulder and Reeve quickly grabbed it from him or else he had a feeling that Cait would have gotten thrown across the tent.

"What has come over you, Cait?" Reeve said as he held the cat in his arms. Cid looked like he was ready to crush it. He rubbed the bleeding bite marks on his neck.

His tent flap opened again and Vincent walked in holding Yuffie by the scruff of her neck, kicking and screaming. Vincent seemed unperturbed by the flailing ninja. "I believe this is the source of the problem." He threw the woman to the ground.

"What ja do, ya pest?" Cid growled at the girl. Cait curled in Reeve's arms and buried its face into his chest with a whimper.

Vincent stood straight and used his intimidating red eyes to glare at him. "I believe that she was using Cait to guard the tent, specifically mine. She somehow convinced that thing of yours to ambush anyone that came near my domicile."

Cait turned its head and mewled out an apology.

Reeve looked down at the woman on the ground. "What did you do to Cait?"

She smiled up at him and said, "Just wanted to make sure that Vincent wasn't bothered while he slept."

"Fuckin' bullshit. Ya taught that thing to attack me!" Cid yelled. Vincent put his clawed hand on Cid's shoulder.

"I would recommend that you keep a more watchful eye on Cait and keep it from the influences of Yuffie in the future," Vincent said. "We shall now retire for the evening. Cait, you will not guard my tent any further, or you will no longer exist."

Cait shivered in his arms and seemed to want to hide in his coat. Cid left with a smug look on his face as he allowed Vincent to lead him out.

"She was convincin'," Cait murmured. "I thought Vincent needed protectin'."

"Well he does from that lecher Cid. He is why Vincent won't return my calls," Yuffie defended as she stood up, brushing off the dust from her clothing.

Reeve blinked slowly as the ninja bounded out calling for Vincent.

"I'll stay away from her. She's wacky," Cait said.

"I believe if this keeps up, Vincent will take care of her for us."

"You put your cat in your mailbox and said you trained him to ambush your mailman for delivering your bills." … Brocky requested this one….I twisted it.

Now, I have taken a little different theory on Cait that some people do. I have read a lot on the robotic cat and have let my own little twisted thoughts develop around the invention. I am not deviating from the prospect that Reeve built and is aware of what Cait is doing but I am also saying that the programming Cait received is unique. I do not think that Cait is a direct avatar of Reeve. Cait is not a strong creature and depends on others and materia for protection. I am also going with the theory (despite the DMG is Crisis Core) that Cait has a difficulty moving around on his own and must be carried often. (I think it could be a power conversation tactic) I also infer that because of the way that our genius engineer Reeve developed the program, Cait has developed its own little personality and has it own consciousness of sorts. Kinda twisting Reeve's own personality and changing because of its own experiences. Of course, how Cait could even trust or listen to Yuffie is in itself, a mystery.

That is enough of an authors note because I believe it is longer than my story.

And has anyone got spammed by a troll out there... let me know if this a common occurance. Someone trolling to get them to read something of theirs because you leave one of your wonderful review for me.