Halloween Exhibitionist
By Cheryl (cjr34@home.com)    

***

I've always been an exhibitionist. Always the one with 
the too small bikini or the shortest skirt or the see 
through tops, the one all the guys like to flirt with, 
and I love it.

From my days growing up and going to school wearing the 
shortest skirts and teasing the boys and teasing the male 
teachers, I have always loved to show off my body. I am 
5'6" tall, blonde, about 130lbs with a nice set of 34C 
tits that still stand firm. I'm 22 and married to a guy 
47 so yeah I dig older guys.

We've been married since I was 16 and we're still very 
much in love and he loves it when I dress sexy too, as 
much as I love dressing sex. I also love to fuck strange 
guys and my husband loves to watch me fuck them, and oh 
yeah, women too.

One night he came home from work and he let me know about 
a party the up coming weekend. He told me it was a 
Halloween party for the company bigwigs and neither of us 
would know anyone there so I was free to select an outfit 
of my choice and have some fun. I knew what that meant.

I went to the costume store the next day and was looking 
for a getup, but couldn't decide really what I wanted, 
then I saw it in the back. It was a little red-riding-
hood outfit built more for a girl of like 12 or 13, but 
for me it was almost perfect.

I tried it on and liked it and on the way home with my 
purchase I stopped at a lingerie shop and bought a very 
tight little red corset to wear with it.

The night of the party I put it on and modeled it for my 
husband. The red corset cinched my waist tight and it had 
half cups for the bra-support, which meant most of my 
tits were exposed on top, my nipples barely covered at 
all!

I had taken off the red panties that came with the outfit 
and put on a red g-string instead. The black thigh high 
boots matched perfectly with the black cape and around my 
neck I had on a red choker. I looked delicious! My 
husband dressed as Zorro complete with a mask and we left 
for the party.

When we got there, there were a lot people at the place. 
As we made the rounds I felt hands under my little cape 
copping feels here and there and I pretended not to 
notice but I was pleased inside just the same. My husband 
and I soon separated and mingled with others.

I had some guys surrounding me and we talked and drank 
and had a good time. By now too, a lot of guys had been 
getting very handsy reaching under my cape and feeling my 
almost naked ass. I got maneuvered into a corner by some 
of the more adventurous guys, one of which was a large 
black gentlemen who I soon found out was no gentlemen.

As I stood there mostly hidden from everyone else except 
my little group, he leaned against me and whispered, "Why 
don't you slip that g-string off baby?"

I looked at him and said, "I'll be right back." I walked 
to the bathroom and slipped it off and thought if no one 
looks very carefully, I can get away with this. With that 
thought in mind I walked back across the room and 
rejoined my group of lecherous men.

All I had on now was the corset and the cape and the 
black thigh high boots and the choker!

As I stood there talking to them, I realized that the 
black guy had told everyone what I'd done, they all knew 
I had removed the g-string and stood there with my shaven 
pussy on display for the observant.

The black guy stood beside me and soon had his fingers at 
my asshole and then my pussy! I loved it, I really did! 
It was so naughty, so perverted! Then he reached over and 
just barely had to tug on my top to make my nipples peak 
over the top of the bra support. They were easily seen 
too, some of the guests noticed this change in my costume 
right away.

My group decided it was too hot in the room and led me 
outside on the darker patio out back. In no time at all, 
I had hands from 5 different guys all over me, fondling 
my tits and wrestling each other to finger my hot box. 
Then I was then led unresisting down some steps to the 
huge lawn out back and here things got really exciting.

As one guy kissed me, I felt the cape being pulled away 
and then the stays of my corset were loosened and then my 
corset was pulled off and I stood there in my black thigh 
boots only. Hands all over my body, bringing me to orgasm 
over and over as the thrill of these strange physical 
contacts rushed through my brain.

Then the handsome black guy lowered me down onto the 
grass and climbed on top of me. We wrestled around on the 
grass as he tried to stick it to me. I wanted to make it 
a little hard for him and give the other guys a little 
show so I swung my body from side to side to mess with 
his aim.

But he was bigger and stronger than me and finally held 
me in place and shoved his big dark cock deep into me. He 
began pumping furiously for about ten minutes, grunting 
each time he bottomed out in my cunt, then finally he 
came in me.

I lay there as he rolled off me and looked at the other 
men ranged around us. Another guy step up and lowered 
himself on top of me and did the same. He hugged me and 
fucked my brains out, it was fantastic, and he was really 
good.

They all fucked me, covering me in cum. Some did it 
inside of my pussy and some I swallowed, and some came on 
my face and tits. As everything does, all good things 
come to an end. By studs finally ran out of spunk and 
couldn't get it up anymore, so we all eventually dressed 
and rejoined the party inside.

After I cleaned up, I went into the party again and I saw 
my black hunk talking to some other male guests and they 
all looked at me as one man. He motioned me over and told 
the four guys with him that I was the girl that had taken 
on 5 men outside. Again I was led away by me new group of 
swains. But this time I was led upstairs and into a 
bedroom and bam, I was naked, legs spread wide and 
getting fucked again by everyone in the room.

I guess the word has passed around the party because soon 
the hallway outside the bedroom had guys and some girls 
too peering in, watching me getting fucked. I was in slut 
heaven at this wanton display. I even saw my husband 
check in on me, watching and smiling behind his mask.

One of my visitors was the host and owner of the company 
and he banged the fuck out of me, for an older guy he did 
a great job of it. As the party went on downstairs I was 
the party-fuck upstairs, and I loved it.

Later that night my husband told me he had an interview 
with the boss for next Monday about an open VP position. 
And oh yeah he asked my husband to bring me along. My 
honey told me I had made a great impression on his boss 
and he had a feeling his new promotion included me 
somehow.

I let the black guy fuck me one more time that night and 
he told me he had told the boss I would be a great asset 
to the company and he suggested I should do this for the 
company party next time. He asked me if I thought I could 
handle it?

I looked at him and smiled, "You ain't seen nothing yet 
sweetie!" 

END

