SUBJECT LINE:
{ASSM}"Alphabet Game: Mezzanine"{Dancer}(MF, exhib)


-------

Admonition: This story contains explicit descriptions of 
people engaging in careless and unprotected sexual 
activity.  PLEASE do not emulate these people since they 
are fictional characters existing in a fantasy world where 
sexually transmitted disease and unwanted pregnancy don't 
happen.  You don't live in such a world, so "let's be 
careful out there."

Oh, and minors shouldn't be reading this stuff - if you 
can't place the quote I just made in the last paragraph, 
you probably aren't old enough to be flipping through ASS*. 
Bugger off and watch 'TV Land' instead, so you can bone up 
for little age-testing quizzes like this! :)


Copyright notice: Dancer, the author of this smutty little 
opus, holds all rights of reproduction.  Private copies for 
personal perusal and archives for NON-commercial 
distribution are permitted by her.


Plea for attention: The only reward ASS* authors can expect 
is the joy of sharing their creation with the rest of 
humanity.  But wait - how does that author KNOW if people 
are reading and enjoying his story?  Yep; if you like a 
story posted to alt.sex.stories.*, the fair thing to do is 
email the author and tell them so.  I promise that it'll 
make YOU feel good to send them kudos, after all, Mark 
Twain said, "The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to 
cheer someone else up."  As always you may contact me (and 
my wife Dancer) through my 'legacy' Deja News email 
account:             <empath69@my-deja.com>  
(Wow, I'm not just an author, now I'm an AGENT, too!  ;)


Editor's Note: Here it is - part thirteen of Dancer's 
'Alphabet Game'; twenty-six hot, little vignettes she 
whipped out in something like a week or two - Lord Malinov 
eat your heart out with that semi-annual 'story-a-day' run 
I remember *way* back in the 20th century! ;) (Is he still 
around?)

And relax - these stories are all self-contained - you 
don't HAVE to read them in order, or read any of the ones 
that might squick you...

=============

The Alphabet Game (13/26) 
Mezzanine *
Copyright Dancer 2001

(* - A low-ceilinged story between two main stories in a 
building, usually immediately above the ground floor and in 
the shape of a balcony projecting only partly over the 
floor below it.)


"This is *so* cool!" I said excitedly. Paul stepped up 
behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist.

"I thought you'd like it," he whispered against my ear. I 
felt his heavy arousal pressing into the cleft of my 
asscheeks and I wiggled. "Let's do it."

"Here?" I questioned and pointed at the people walking 
across the lobby below us. "People are going to stare!"

Paul raised the hem of my skirt and teased a finger over my 
split-crotch panties. "I guess you'll have to be quiet as a 
mouse."

I braced my hands over the mahogany railing as my lover 
bent me forward and parted my legs. "Paul!"

"Erika!" A few heads looked up at us for a moment, then 
looked away. The rasping of Paul's zipper echoed loudly as 
he freed himself to take me. His plump cockhead rubbed 
along the damp seam of my cunt lips for lubrication and I 
spread myself wider, leaning farther over the railing. I 
moaned when Paul sheathed his thick shaft deep inside my 
pussy and closed my eyes quickly. I could hear the people 
walking around the marble-floored vestibule and wondered 
how many were watching us.

Paul thrust in and out with long, leisurely strokes, his 
cock burying itself fully in my hot pussy. When Paul 
mentioned wanting to make love in public places, I assumed 
it would be a quick tumble. I thought wrong. His slow 
thrusts told me it would be a long, drawn-out session and 
I'd be hollering soon enough. "Paul, hurry, please," I 
begged quietly.

"But I want everyone to see how beautiful you are when you 
cum for me," he replied. Whispers drifted up to me. "We've 
developed a crowd." He leaned over my back, pumping a 
little harder and cupped my breasts. "Open your eyes, 
Erika. Look at them." I did as he asked and saw a small 
group of men and women standing below us, whispering and 
pointing.

"Paul, I'm begging you!"

He quit fucking but continued to massage my breasts. "All 
right, honey, I'll go faster if you promise to let yourself 
go, okay?"

"I promise! I promise!"

"See the bike courier? The kid with the drool on his chin? 
I want you to look at him, to cum for him." I nodded 
quickly and locked my eyes with the courier. I blew him a 
kiss and winked. Paul dug his fingers into my waist and 
fucked me hard and fast. I ripped open my blouse and jerked 
my aching tits out of the cups of my bra, playing with the 
ruddy peaks. The fat cock banged against my cervix, taking 
me over the edge.

"OhOhOhOh! YES!YES!YES!YES!" I screamed at Paul. "YEAH 
BABY, YEAH! AAAAHHHH!" My knees locked and my cunt spasmed 
as I came hard. I bucked and lurched as if a lightning bolt 
had struck me. Paul grunted as he exploded inside me, 
spilling his load of gooey cum.

The applause was deafening. "Thank you, thank you," Paul 
called out. "The next showing will be at four-fifteen."

End part 13

=============

Author's Postscript: "See you in...THREE WEEKS...we're at 
the equator now! Only a quarter of the globe to go!"

-Gallagher, commenting on the British invasion of the 
Falkland Islands


Editor's Postscript: Weeeeell, actually the *British* 
islands were invaded by Argentina, and the Royal Navy was 
dispatched to retake them...<THWACK!> Yes, dear. :)

But on to things editorial: One.  She made only ONE typo 
out of the entire story.  I know it's short, but STILL; I'm 
starting to feel redundant! ;)

