Making Secrets
by Exhibitionist_Couple

Making Secrets pt.2 

I woke up the next morning with both a smile and a horny pussy. How is it that after getting fucked three times yesterday, I could still wake up wanting more?! Just replaying yesterday's events in my mind... the look of Ben's face when I was naked in front of him... I craved more!

I removed my sleeping mask and sat up in bed. I was still nude from having sex before going to bed, so I threw on some shorts and a t-shirt and looked out the window door that led to the backyard/pool. It was beautiful outside, and the weather forecasts it will be all week. I looked at myself in the mirror, and I have to admit... I looked hot, lol. Hair a little messed up, nipples poking hard against my t-shirt, baggy shorts... not necessarily conventionally sexy, but sexy never the less.

I walked out of my room to see if Ben was in the living room, but I could hear his games playing in the room he was staying in. I walked in and asked how he slept. He told me "I kept waking up, so I didn't get a lot of sleep". It didn't take long for him to notice my bra less t-shirt, as he paused the game to awkwardly stare. "I'm sorry to hear that" I replied. "I have sleeping pills you can take tonight, or would a sleep mask help?". He just kept looking at my tits (which I made sway by moving around a bit) and replied "nah, it's OK". I told him I was going to get a jump on my work, and that he could always take a nap if he wanted. I felt him staring at my ass again as I walked away.

Once in my office it was difficult to focus on my work. I kept thinking about ways to let Ben see me in various states of being undressed, without making it obvious I wanted him to see. I wasn't sure how I'd make it happen, but I figured I'd take any opportunity I could find! I had to force my self to stop thinking about it so that I could get work finished and actually act on it!

Once done I went to Ben's room, and he was on his bed looking at his tablet. He was so focused on what he was looking at that he didn't hear me walk up... and he had his cock in his hands. I slowly backed up so he wouldn't notice me, and once out of view I slipped my hand up my shorts and gave my pussy a quick rub. I didn't expect seeing his hard dick to turn me on so much! I didn't want to walk that way again and make him feel bad by catching him, so I went to my room to play with myself for a bit while thinking about what I just saw. My shorts were so loose around the legs that I could rub it easily... and then I realized that he could probably see my naked pussy easily if I laid just right.

So I went through the bathroom, and knocked on his door in the shared bathroom. He waited a second and then told me to come in. He was still on his bed with his tablet, but he had his dick put away (although his erection was still very evident). I asked how he was doing, and he stared at my tits again and said he was good. I jokingly asked, "what are you looking at on the tablet, naked girls?". He turned red and said "no, just gaming stuff.". I looked at him with a smile and said "It's OK, it's normal for guys to look at porn online. There's no need for you to be embarrassed by it... it'd be weird if you didn't look at stuff like that, actually". He looked at me and said "I guess". I said "I was just teasing you, I fully expect you to look at stuff like that. It's not like you're a little kid. All adults look at stuff like that, and all adults masterbate". He looked at my face a little shocked when I said that last part. I smiled at him and said "yes, girls do too. Never feel guilty about any of that". He smiled at me at stared at my nipples trying to poke through my t-shirt.

"Anyway" I said as I sat on his bed, "I was going to ask if you could help me with my left leg... it gets sore and needs to be stretched and rubbed sometimes. Would you mind helping me out?". He looked at my shorts and said "sure, no problem" with a small grin. I scooted back on the bed so my upper body was against the wall (making sure all the slack from my shorts was pulled to one side... making it easy to gap wide, which I pretended not to notice but I could see he did). I said "just push and pull the leg around slowly, but not to far that it hurts... I'll let you know if it does". He looked at me a bit confused and said "just move it around?". I said "yeah, like stretch it different ways, rotate it, stuff like that". He grabbed my leg (which instantly turned me on, because I knew the next step was him looking at my pussy) and said "sure".

Of course the first thing he did was stretch my leg apart, which led to a fast open view of my naked pussy. It didn't take long for him to notice, as his eyes darted between my legs and staid there. The shorts were gaping so much I could feel the cool air on my pussy... I knew the shorts weren't obstructing his view at all, and he was clearly liking it. I felt so slutty, letting him spread my legs so he could look at my pussy... all while pretending I had no idea. I could see in his eyes he was looking at my pussy while moving my leg around in different ways so he could manipulate my pussy lips. I pulled out my phone and said something about checking today's news... but I just wanted him to think I was distracted so he could look at my pussy without concern of being caught.

He started to bend my knee and push forward a bit, which I could feel make my pussy open up a bit. I kept staring at my phone and said "that feels good, go ahead and push hard like that". He didn't even look up at me, he just did it while keeping his eyes on the prize... and I could feel my pussy gap open, and I knew he had a great (and now closer view). I put my phone on silent, and snuck a picture to send to Peter. You could see in the picture that Ben was holding up my leg and looking down at my gaping shorts, and I sent it with the caption 'no panties '. Peter replied back and said "Mmmm you're such a good little slut tease".

I figured it had probably gone on to long, although he didn't seem to want to stop for some reason... I said "Thanks, that really helped a lot". He said "no problem, anytime... just let me know". I told him I appreciated that. I said I was going to get in the hot tub and asked if he wanted to join me. He said he would and then paused and said "which bathing suit are you going to wear?". I actually hadn't thought about it, but decided to have some fun with it. I said "good question, let me see. Go ahead and change into your bathing suit, and I'll see if I can pick one out". I left his door and my door to the shared bathroom open, leaving a straight path as I went into my room. It took him no time at all to change into his swim shorts, and walk over and ask if I figured it out.

I held up the first bathing I tried on in the dressing room, and the third one... "I'm not sure which one to try out first" I said, knowing he would suggest the first one, because it barely contained my tits. "Hmmm... "He said, as if he didn't know which one he'd pick. "Probably the first one". I acted nonchalant about it and said "OK, I'll meet you out there". I started to lift up my shirt, but he was still standing there, so I paused and jokingly said with a smile "go on, you little perv" and giggled. He smiled and went out the glass door to the backyard.

Once I got out there, he was already in the hot tub. I walked up to the hot tub (careful not to move to quickly and have my tits exposed before I even got in), and slowly sat down across from Ben. "Ahhh... that'll help get the soreness out" I said as I settled in. I could see he was looking at my top, I'm sure hoping my boobs would fall out again. Ben said "this is really nice.... how often do you guys use the hot tub?". I said "at least a few times a week... whenever we're sore or just want to relax". I looked down at my top, seeing it was barely containing my nipples. "This is the first time I've worn a bathing suit in the hot tub... it's usually just Peter and I, so we don't usually bother putting one on. Ben smiled and said "feel free to go all natural, I won't mind". I smiled back and said "no way, Peter would kill me" and laughed. "You got lucky you got to see my tits pop out in the dressing room, that was enough". Ben smiled, knowing he saw a lot more than that, but didn't think I knew. I also knew I would "accidentally" fall out of my top again soon... I was just biding my time.

Ben was quite for a bit, and suddenly said "Diana, can I ask... ah, never mind". Of course I wasn't going to let that go, I was way to curious. "It's OK Ben, you can ask me anything.... what is it?" Ben looked at me for a few seconds and said "you said girls masterbate... but do they do it as often as guys?" I smiled and said "honestly, not as often as most guys, but we do still enjoy it from time to time". Ben looked down and then back up to me and asked "how often do you?". I wasn't quite prepared for him to ask me that, but I did say he could ask me anything... I said "well... I probably shouldn't say this to you, but between the two of us... I do it a lot more often than most girls... I have a really high sex drive, and get aroused easily... and Peter's not usually around, so...". I paused and said "I really shouldn't be telling you this... but I know it'll stay between us".

Ben smiled, and I noticed he was rubbing his crotch under the bubbles... it wasn't clear, but I could tell. I asked him "so... I told you about me... how often do you masterbate?". He sheepishly smiled and shrugged, then said "a few times here and there". I didn't want to embarrass him, so I told him "most guys your age do it multiple times a day... nothing to be ashamed of". I paused and then said "matter of fact, just between us, I did it this morning". I smiled, and he smiled back and said "I did too". I lifted my hand and said "Hi five", and he responded with a high five, and when he snacked my hand, I allowed my tits to pop out of my bikini to again... all it took was a little bounce. I acted like I didn't notice at first, while Ben obviously stared. I then looked down and said "when did that happen?". Ben smiled and said just now during our high five. I looked back down and saw one boob was completely out, and the other had just the nipple peek out. I blatantly hesitated to cover up while pointing out the "accident", saying "well, I guess you get to see them one more time" and giggled. He laughed as well while never taking his eyes off of my chest. I said "OK, that's enough" while slowly adjusting to cover them up. As I adjusted I said "I don't know why I bother, you've already seen them a couple times now", as I finally got them both covered.

Ben was quick to reply to that, and said "I don't mind if you want to go topless. You did mention that you usually use the hot tub nude" with a witty smirk. I looked at him and said "True, but I can't be in here without my top while you're in here with me! Peter would freak" Been smiled, but also looked a bit disappointed. "Although" I said, "you have already seen my tits twice now... so maybe it doesn't matter at this point... as long as Peter doesn't know". Ben looked at me and said "It's settled then, let them free". I laughed and said "i guess.. I shouldn't... but fuck it.... it's just tits" and I removed the top. Ben looked like he was the happiest I've ever seen him as my tits were bare in front of him with my blessing. He said "yes, hi five" and lifted his hand in the air, and I in turn did the same. I said "I'm sure this goes without saying, but this is another secret between us... Peter would be upset that I'm showing you my tits" (of course Peter wouldn't mind, he'll probably be turned on when I tell him... he loves when I'm slutty, which only encourages me). Ben smiled and said "of course... and thanks for showing me your tits!". I didn't mean to say I was "showing" my tits to him... I should have worded that differently, like "I went topless"... but it was too late now, and he seemed very happy, so I enjoyed knowing I was now "showing".

I asked him "what do you think of my tits? Are they too big or small? Are my nipples too big? As I lifted them toward him. He said he thought they were absolutely perfect... which I knew he really didn't have any real idea, what it was flattering regardless. I asked "have you ever thought about what my tits looked like before seeing them?". He shyly said "yeah... your nipples always poke through, so it's hard not to". We both laughed and after I moment I said "I can't believe I'm letting you stare at my tits!" To which he responded "me either, but I'm sure thankful!" With a grin. I said, "but don't get any crazy ideas. I'm not going to be getting naked or showing my pussy, ok?". He said, with a smirk "ok". He knew he had already seen me up and down... and I knew that I'd find ways to show him more, but that was my secret.

I gently rubbed my pussy under the water, making sure he couldn't see, while he stared at my tits... and I could tell he was rubbing himself as well... he wasn't as subtle, but you could tell he didn't think I noticed. Have you ever been so horny that it makes your face burn and your stomach in knots?... because that's how I was feeling, and it worried me a bit, because I didn't want things to go to far. I decided to sit on the side of the hot tub to cool off a bit, but by doing so gave more of an unobstructed view. "I need some cool air, but I'll let my leg soak" I said while sitting above him, leaving my left leg in the water, and pulling up my right leg. This of course spread my legs, putting my covered crotch into view.

I was feeling really turned on, and asked him "did you jerk off thinking about my tits after you saw them?. He got quiet and looked down, and then looked up at me and quietly said "yeah". I knew he had of course, but hearing him say it to me while looking at my tits... it just made my pussy ache really hard. I gave him a reassuring smile and said "that's OK... it's flattering really... I'd probably be a bit upset if you said no". He relaxed, and I felt like he was finally realizing he didn't have to worry about upsetting me. He smiled and said "it wasn't the first time I thought about you while doing it... but those tits sure helped me!" I was a bit surprised by his blunt honesty, but very glad to hear it. "I'm glad I could help" and jokingly said, "make sure to make a good mental note for later" while wiggling my chest. He said "I am!" As he, without shame, looked me up and down.

He started staring at my crotch again, I'm sure thinking about the view he had earlier while stretching my leg. I tried to lighten things up a bit, and said "I see you looking toward my pussy, which is fine, but that's staying covered" in a joking tone. He looked up at my face and said "is it OK if I get a closer look, as long as it's covered?". I wasn't expecting that, and it threw me off because I just said it was fine to look... and I didn't want to make him feel like he did anything wrong. I said "sure... as long as it's covered... but," He scooted between my legs and interrupted me by saying "It's our secret?". I looked down as he openly stared at my covered pussy up close and said "exactly".

I knew he had seen my pussy earlier, yet he was closely studying my crotch as much as he could. I looked down on him (who never stopped exploring me with his eyes) and said "wow... you really want to see my pussy, don't you?". Without looking away he said nodded yes, and then said "Is that ok?". I got really flustered, and wanted to pull the bottoms aside badly... but I wanted to play this out more. It was just day two of seven, and I was already blatantly showing my tits... I liked watching him sneak looks at me, I like teasing him, and I didn't want it to end just yet.

I said "It's OK... but I can't show my pussy. Knowing you want to see it... well, honestly it makes me want to show it to you. Having you look at me turns me on too". He looked up at me and said "really?". I said "very much so... but I can't go to far, I'm already showing you my tits, which I never thought I'd do... but it makes me happy that you enjoy looking at me". Ben said "thank you for letting me look... I have more material to work with next time I jerk off" and smiled at me. I smiled back and said "I'm glad I could help... come on, let's go back inside the house". I stood up, leaving my top off, and walked down the steps. I turned around to see him stand up with a massive erecting in his shorts... I guess he couldn't hide it. He looked at me with a slight smile and said "sorry, but you did that to me". And we both laughed. I playfully shook my tits for him and said "you're welcome"...


Making Secrets pt. 3

That night was very much like the night before... Peter and Ben joking around, watching movies, and sharing stories. Ben would occasionally check me out as always, despite being fully dressed. Peter noticed Ben looking at me as well, and would occasionally wink at me. I think Peter enjoys my teasing Ben as much as I do. I decided to call it a night early, and let the boys stay up and have some beers. I gave them both a kiss on the cheek, and said goodnight.

I laid in bed playing with my pussy for awhile, just thinking about the days events. I didn't know what would happen next, or where it would end... I was just enjoying it all. I woke up the next morning already wound up, but tired. I had a rough night's sleep. First Peter woke me up to fuck me (which I actually needed, so that was OK), and then I kept waking from sex dreams making me horny. Now I need to wake up to get some work done, and I'm already wanting to tease Ben.

I went to the bathroom, and I could hear Ben next door watching porn... he wasn't trying to hide it, lol. So I walked around to his door in my t-shirt and panties (seemed like a fun way to get his attention), and it was slightly open. I knew he was watching porn, so I had no doubt what he was doing... and a peek in confirmed it. He was staring at his tablet, that he was holding in one hand, and furiously jacking off with his other hand. I couldn't help but watch awhile, it was so fucking hot seeing him stroking his cock... I realized I had my hands down my panties rubbing myself as well.

As I rubbed my clit, I thought about going in there and sucking his cock... or maybe even letting him eat my pussy... but that was what I was trying to avoid, I wanted to enjoy this teasing game as much as possible... but I was really... Really fucking horny now!

Without much more thought, and no plan in mind, I slowly walked into the room. He hadn't noticed me, and was still stroking his dick. I was now in the room with him, and wasn't sure what my next move was. I knew it was just a matter of time before he saw me, but I was enjoying my little voyeur show in the meantime. As I fought temptation to do something I might regret, he all the sudden looked at me and looked horrified... I probably scared the shit out of the poor guy! He said "oh my God, I'm sorry!" As he covered himself with a blanket. I told him he had nothing to be sorry about, and that I was sorry for walking in on him. He was bright red, and said "I'm so embarrassed", and I reminded him he had no reason to be, and it was completely normal. I lifted his chin and said "It's rare that I don't start the day doing the same thing", and gave him a wink.

He slightly smiled, and asked "how much did you see?". I asked what he meant, and he asked "did... you see my... dick?". I thought for a second and said "don't be embarrassed, but yes... I saw your dick". He looked down for a second and looked back at me and asked "what did you think". I said "about your dick?", and he replied sheepishly "yeah". I could tell he needed reassurance, so I said "you have a great cock on you Ben... any girl would be lucky to get to be with you". He smiled and said "really?". I looked at his crotch under the blankets, and said "honestly, it turned me on a lot...I had to fight to keep myself from rubbing myself too".

His eyes lit up as he looked me over. He said "I've been thinking about your tits non stop, so I can help myself!". I smiled and said "what, these?" as I pulled up my shirt to show him my tits. He smiled really big and said "oh yeah!". I giggled and asked what he was looking at, and without hesitation he said "porn"... which made me smile. He wasn't near as shy anymore. I said let me see, as I sat next to him on the bed. I pressed play on the tablet, and a video of a girl getting her pussy eaten out was playing. I said "that's pretty sexy... have you ever ate a girl's pussy?". He shook his head no, and said "unfortunately not". I said "I'm sure you will". He sheepishly asked "can I eat your pussy", and it shot heat all over my pussy, making it feel like it was on fire... part of me wanted to scream yes!... but, I enjoyed this game to much right now. I said "if I wasn't married, absolutely! But my pussy is only for Peter to see and use".

Ben looked like he knew that was coming, but was still hoping for a different reply. I looked at him and said "maybe there's something else we can do", and he looked at me confused. I said "... maybe we shouldn't go any further, we've probably already went to far". Ben looked at me but intrigued and a little disappointed and said "please, all of this has meant a lot to me... you talking to me and showing me your tits has been some of the best things that have ever happened to me". I thought what he said was incredibly sweet and smiled at him. "Besides... it's our secret" he added with a returning smile. I said "OK..." I was still hesitant to say... "seeing as I already saw you masterbate... and it did turn me on... would you like to do it while staring at my tits?"

Ben's eyes lit up, and he asked "do you want to watch me? Would that turn you on?". I nodded and said "but, my panties stay on... you know the rules" with a grin. Ben gave a slight grin and said "ok". So here I was, about to be only in my panties, letting my best friends son (not like he's a kid, but still) jack off in front of me while staring at me. Had I gone to far? Would I go further? Would I be able to keep my inner slut tame? All of these questions raced around my head as I stood up and lifted my shirt off in front of Ben. Ben looked me up and down, and looked slightly hesitant before removing his blanket he used to cover himself, exposing his throbing erection. This was the first time he purposely shown me his cock, and I wasn't prepared by how much it turned me on.

Ben looked me in the eyes and said "do you like seeing it?" And then looked down at himself slowly starting to stroke. I replied "more than I probably should... you have a great cock". That comment made him smile and pick up his pace while looking up at my tits. I asked him "it seems like you're always hard!" And he smiled and said "I feel like I'm always hard lately... even after I blow, I still keep getting hard... I can't stop". In my mind I wondered how many times I could make him cum before he couldn't go any more. I asked if that was why he had trouble sleeping, and he admitted it was. "I just keep waking up horny as fuck" He said with a smile (which I'm not sure if ever heard him say "fuck" before, but it was the first time I noticed, and I liked it). He sat up so he could be closer to me, as I was standing right in front of him playing with my boobs for his enjoyment.

Ben's eyes lowered to my panties, and once again I could feel that familiar warmness smoother my pussy. I lowered my hand and rubbed my pussy over my panties, slowly while he watched. I could see his pace building up as he said "are you horny too?". I nodded and said "seeing your cock... showing you my body... it all makes me wet". Peter leaned close toward my panties while he continued to stroke harder on his cock. He got on his knees on the floor so he could be as close as possible without touching. I put my hands down my panties and inserted two fingers. As I fucked myself, I could hear how wet I was and I knew he could too. I'd occasionally pull the panties in different directions, allowing him a peek while I played innocent. I looked down at his face and he was just staring daggers in my crotch. I kept fucking myself, and I panted "I wish... I could show... my pussy... ... but I can't..." (all while knowing I was giving him little up close glimpses). I could feel his heavy breath as well on my cunt. I asked "do you... hear... how wet I am?". He simply said "yeah... I'm trying not to blow yet!".

An idea hit me that almost made me cum just thinking about it, so I stopped and sat on the bed. I said "I know you wanted to see and taste my pussy, but we can't do that... but would you like to get a good smell of my pussy?". I'm sure he could already smell it, but he played like he hadn't and said "very much". I said "ok... I'll pull my panties aside so you can smell my pussy, but you have to keep your eyes closed... like in the dressing room... deal?". He smiled (I'm sure remembering how he faked closing his eyes last time, and would do it again) and said "deal". As soon as he said deal, my hearts pace picked up... I knew I was about to rub my naked pussy in front of his face while he jerked off. He said "can I smell it until I blow?" And I replied "yes, but keep your eyes closed until I say OK?" He stopped stroking, I think to prevent from cumming. I decided I was going to just remove the panties... so I told him to close his eyes while I removed them. Of course, as to be expected, he faked his eyes closed... he did a worse performance faking it this time than last time, lol. But that's OK, as long as he doesn't know that I know he's faking it.

I took them off and sat with my ass toward the end of the bed, and lifted my feet so that they would rest on the bed with my knees up... so essentially, I was putting myself on full display, and I could hear Ben begin to breath heavier and slowly stroke his cock again, despite having his eyes "closed". I rubbed myself a little bit, and then covered my pussy with my right hand. I had my legs so pulled back and spread that I could feel my ass hole was exposed I told Ben to open his eyes, to which he did with a smile. There I was laying naked in front of him, barely covering my pussy while he stroked his cock. I stretched my arm out to grab the back of his head with my free hand (which wasn't easy in my position), and pulled his face down between my legs.

Once his nose was close enough to touch my hand that covered my pussy, I let go of his head and told him "your eyes will be closed, so try not to get any closer than this". He said ok as I laid back on the blanket. I said "I know you won't be able to see, so if you accidentally bump into me... just keep your eyes closed". He looked excited at that idea. I think he knew he was about to get the best possible view he could ever have of my pussy, but he didn't realize that there was good reasoning for contact. I saw his right arm moving, and I told him he could balance his other hand on my thigh. He put his hand up on my upper thigh close to my pussy, which I didn't expect... but I decided not to say anything.

I felt like such a fucking slut, and that just made it all so much hotter! I said "close your eyes now" as I pulled my hand away and gently rubbed my clit again. I saw him smile as he fake closed his eyes and even pulled his head back a bit for a better view. He was furiously stroking himself as he fully inspected my lower regions. I laid my head back and spread my pussy open. I glanced and saw he was completely wide eyed, but checking to make sure I wasn't looking at him. I was careful to make sure he couldn't tell I could see him, as he got to sneak his look at my cunt. I started finger fucking myself, and my hand would occasionally brush up against his face. He noticed I didn't say anything, as I just kept going. I spread myself wide as I rubbed my clit, and I could feel his heavy breath push inside my gaping hole. I looked at him and he looked like he was about to cum... and I knew I was able to at any time. I decided to push forward a bit to see if my pussy hit his mouth, but it didn't quite...I kept thrusting, hoping he might get tempted, and then I felt a slight bump on my hole. I snuck a peek and could see him checking to make sure I wasn't looking, and sticking his tongue out for my thrusts.

The sneaky little fucker really wanted a taste! I told him I was going to cum and I scooted toward him a bit placing his face into my pussy as I manipulate my clit into an orgasm. I could feel his tongue up against my whole pussy as it started to convulse. He pulled back to watch as he said "I'm going to blow!" I sat up to watch his cock spurt thick loads on the floor, and then collapse his head into my lap panting..

I said "wow, that was intense" and giggled a bit, and Ben joined in saying "that was the best orgasm I've ever had". I pulled him up, gave him a kiss on the cheek, and moved over so he could lay down next to me. We were both on our backs looking up, so I pulled the blanket over us as we caught our breath. I looked at Ben (who never looked more content), and said "I'm sorry if I move around to much and got my pussy on your face" in a smirking tone. He smiled and said "anytime". Turned toward him and said "you didn't see my pussy, did you"... really just because I wanted to see what he'd say. He hesitated for a bit, so I gasped and said "you did, didn't you?". He smiled and said, "just a little bit by accident, when you bumped it into me."... which I knew was a lie, because I saw him staring almost the whole time. I paused for few seconds and said "It's OK, accidents happen... at least I didn't show you on purpose" I smiled at him and said "I never meant for you to see my pussy, but I'm glad you got to by accident... if it happens out of my hands, then it's not my fault" I laughed. Ben laughed and said "Besides, it's our secret". I replied "it seems like we have a lot of those now" with a chuckle.

I still needed to do some work, and regardless of what just happened, I was still horny... it's the curse of being a slut. I looked at Ben and told him I had to get some work done, but afterwards he can join me in the hot tub if he wanted to. He smiled and said "sounds like a plan". I replied "good" as I climbed over him while still under the blanket. As I got over I felt his hard cock rub against my upper leg. I paused, looking down on him and asked "are you hard again?". He looked at my tits swinging in his face and said "I can't stop being hard lately", and I felt him rub his dick. So here I am, still horny, naked, on top of Ben, who is naked with his hard cock aimed at my pussy... I literally had to stop myself from fucking him when I had already started to do it. I felt myself lower down, and his dick pressed up against my pussy... I snapped out of it, and Ben had an intense look on his face. I apologized and said "I shouldn't have done that... I just get so fucking horny all the time, sometimes I slip up". Ben used his hand to press his cock against my pussy and said "that's OK, I understand".

With that I jumped up and said "I'll see you in the hot tub later" with a wink, and walked away bare ass with Ben staring and stroking the whole time. I grabbed some panties out of my room and headed toward my office. I had to snap out of it so I could at least focus long enough to get my work done! I would get so far into work, and then my mind would drift away thinking about Ben's tongue against my pussy, or his cock slapping up against my pussy in bed. Would he have just pushed his dick inside of me if I hadn't jumped off? Even now I'm sitting here in nothing but panties, and anxious to go back... after all of that, I crave more!

Work ended up taking a lot longer than it should have because of my distractions... but it was finally over! I went to my bedroom to get a bathing suit (I wasn't ready to give up my pussy just yet) before letting Ben know I was ready for the hot tub. The bathing suit I put on was the second one I tried on in the dressing room. It covered my nipples pretty well, but just barely covered my pussy lips and ass... it's barely a half inch wide done there, and a little loose... the perfect thing to tease him with.

I walked in his room and he was passed out with his dick in his hand... and his dick was still hard! Honestly, I know I have a high sex drive, but this guy never stops! He might be more insatiable than me! I look at his tablet, he had been watching an instructional video on eating pussy... this guy really wants to eat some pussy! LOL. I think about what my next move should be... should I walk away (maybe take a nap as well), should I suck his hard cock, or maybe just a hand job... I could just crawl up on top of him and fuck him awake. All these thoughts got me horny, and I pulled my bottoms aside and started playing with my pussy again while I thought about it.

I looked at his hard young cock, and thought about all the teasing I put him through, and I knew I wasn't done teasing him yet. I slowly grabbed his cock, and he woke up immediately. I gave it a little wiggle and said "do you still want to get in the hot tub?". He looked down at his dick in my hand, and said "for sure". I wiggled it a little harder with a smile and said, I'll meet you out there.

Things were building up between us, and part of me wanted to kick it up, and part of me wanted to drag things out... but how much longer could I drag it out before he fucks me? Should I even let him fuck me? I wanted him to, but would that be too far? At this point, I don't think it matters... I had just rubbed my pussy on his face earlier... so why not let him get some pussy eventually?

As I was lost in thought I see Ben come out the door to the hot tub, and he's completely nude... proudly walking with his hard dick leading the way. I whistled and said "I like the bathing suit", and he in turned smiled and did a little spin. Once he got in the water I told him "that constant hard cock of yours is bound to get you in trouble!". He looked at me confused, so I explained "it seems like your sex drive is almost as bad as mine, and my sex drive has gotten me in a lot of trouble" I said with a grin. He seemed very interested to learn more, and asked "what kind of trouble has it got you in?". I stopped to think about how honest I was going to be...

I said "it has put me in situations I shouldn't have been in, doing things I shouldn't do". Ben smirked and said "like letting me smell your pussy?". I laughed and said "yeah... things like that".

Ben then asked "have you ever cheated on Peter?"... this was a big question. How much do I tell? I didn't want to share that Peter knows I'm a slut, and likes it (even encourages it)... but I didn't want to say no, and discourage him... I basically concluded that eventually I was going to fuck him... I'm just bidding my time and really enjoying drawing it out. Ben looked at me as I hesitated, and a saw a smile creep up on his face. He said "welllll?". I looked at him and said "this is big secret time, so this is definitely getting added to the 'our secrets' pile". Ben smiled and said "of course"...

"I'm constantly fighting my urges... constantly trying to behave.... but... I'm a slut". I chuckled and said "I've always known it, it's just who I am. If I know a guy wants to fuck me, then I want him to fuck me. If I know a guy wants to see me naked, then I want him to see me... I don't always do it of course, I try not to because I'm married... but sometimes I slip up...".

Ben looked happy, but playing it cool... but I was worried he would be offended, or feel less special, or maybe even jealous. Ben said "so you occasionally slip up and fuck other guys?". I tried to act innocently and said "sometimes...". Ben started stroking his dick and smiled. I said "don't get any ideas, I'm trying to be good!" with a fun tone. Ben said "maybe you'll slip and I'll get lucky" with a cheeky tone, and I said "I've been trying not to slip, but it's not always easy... especially when there's a hard cock nearby". Ben stood up showing me his cock was hard and he was stroking it. I jokingly said "you're the devil... look at you tempting me with that pretty cock of yours". Ben said "so why am I the only one naked if you're the slut?" with seductive smile. I said "honestly, because I'm trying to be good... that's why I'm trying to not show my pussy too... I was so tempted to let you eat me out earlier".

Ben perked up and said "I was hoping I could as well". I looked at him and sat up on the side of the hot tub. I said "I saw you were watching tutorials on eating pussy online". Ben looked a little embarrassed about that, but admitted to it by saying "I just want to make sure I'm good at it". I opened my legs a bit, showing him the bottoms I had on were the ones that barely covered my lips. He commented "I do love that bikini bottom", and I replied "I remember you getting a really close look at them before". Ben smiled and started stroking his dick again... I bit my bottom lip and rubbed my pussy a bit, and told him "that really does turn me on a lot... watching you stroke your cock". He got closer, I think trying to tempt me while I gently rubbed my clit...

I said, "I'll tell you what... I know that these bottoms don't cover much, but they cover the main parts... so if you want to practice eating me out, I'll allow it... but, the bottoms stay on to keep me behaved... deal?". Ben didn't say anything, he just kneeled in front of me and started running his tongue all over my pussy. I said "no hands", and realized quickly that the little strap wasn't going to cover anything for long... it was too loose, and his tongue was easily sliding under it and moving it around... and it didn't take long for Ben to notice as well. I grabbed the back of his head and said "wow, it feels like the bottoms aren't even there... you're really good at that". Ben wrapped his arms under my legs, and pulled me further into his face... I still had the bikini on, but his tongue was all over my clit, and there was no doubt he realized it.

I held on to his head and said "my god, I'm such a fucking slut... that feels so good!". His eyes looked up to me for a second before going back to my pussy. I asked "do you like that I'm a slut?", and he looked up to me and said "I love that you're a slut" and stared at my pussy again. I said "are you remembering what my pussy looked like earlier?". Ben dropped one hand to grab his cock, and said "I keep thinking about it"... and then ran his tongue under my bottoms again. I looked down at his cock in his hands, and his face in my crotch, and was so incredibly worked up. I said "maybe I can give you a little peek... you've already got a glimpse anyway...".

I pulled the bottoms to the side and gave him full access... and he drove his tongue down into my hole. I gasped and started rubbing my clit while he ran his tongue inside of me. "Do you like that I'm showing you my pussy? Do you like the way I taste?". Ben stood up holding his cock in front of my pussy while stroking incredibly fast. He had an intense look on his face as he stared at my pussy... and for a moment I thought he might just slam his cock inside of me without saying anything... and I was so fucking horny that I would have let him. I still had my thong pulled aside, and my gaping wet cunt exposed, waiting to see what would happen.

Ben said "I'm about to blow my load!". I pushed my crotch closer to his cock while i frantically rubbed my clit, and said "cum on my pussy". Ben stood with his dick over me, and started spurting thick ropes of cum on me. It landed both on and under my hand as I worked my clit, which sent me over the edge, and I started bucking as I had an orgasm. I felt his cock rub up against me a bit as I bucked... fuck, this teasing was hot!

I placed my bathing suit thong back in place, while smiling at Ben. "So yeah... sometimes I can't help being a slut" I said, as Ben smiled and said "then I guess that makes me lucky". I replied "It's made a lot of guys lucky" with a laugh. I looked at the time and saw Peter would be home soon. I let Ben know, and said "you should probably put some clothes on" with a smile, and then added, "I'll miss your cock though". Ben smiled and said "Peter probably wouldn't be too happy to see this..." as he placed his cock on my covered pussy. I looked at him and said "don't tell anyone about how much of a slut I am, ok?", placing my hand on his dick (which was still hard). He smiled and said "I promise". I gave his dick a small rub before standing up and getting out of the hot tub, followed by Ben who was once again being led by his swinging erection.

