One of my members/fans reached out to me asking me if I'd like to attend a gathering that he has regularly with a bunch of guys who are speedo friendly and he has a beautiful pool - it was to be a Speedo Pool Party/Orgy. It was only a couple of hours from my house but I couldn't make it (I was in Colorado at Kip's place having lots of hottub speedo sex). I asked the host 'K' if he'd like to go into some detail what happened at his pool party and this is what he got back to me with....

Dave, I'm happy to contribute the below details of the meet (unfortunately now that autumn is here - the speedo concept / pool party is likely to be put on hold until we hit spring again).

Will change the names / location so that the group and members of the group are not identified.

The afternoon went as follows...

As the meet host, I sent an email to all the guys who had confirmed their attendance to the speedo party on the morning of the meet. Proceedings kicked off with us all meeting in the beer garden of my local pub (let's say at Bondi)... as some of the guys are not out, the pub of choice is a straight pub to avoid any anxiety such a meet might bring on. So 2pm rolled around and the guys turned up one by one at the designated meeting spot in the pub. Some had been to previous meets so were more comfortable than the newbies attending for the first time. Thankfully the sun was out and it was warm enough to enjoy a beer with each other to put everyone at ease... of the regulars, Kenny, Ben and Stewart were there along with Michael, Pete and Mark and myself. (I can go into more detail about each fellow perhaps in another edition!)... Brett, Brad and Kyle were the newbies... I knew this party would be one to remember... this collection of guys were hot... Brad was the last to show up at the pub and boy were we excited to meet him... he is a surf lifesaver at a local beach and had the perfect Aussie beach body, blond hair and tanned bod... I had seen pics of him in speedos prior to the meet so knew the other boys would be excited to meet Brad. Kyle was also a hit with the lads, tall, olive complexion with a gym-toned physique. No doubt each of the guys were sizing up each other and wondering what might be under each of their shorts.

We agreed to leave the pub around a half hour later as the guys had a drink or two under their belts. The last member to join us was Johnny - he was too shy to meet us in the pub so he met us in the street up the road from the pub. Being 25 and the youngest member of the group, Johnny was very anxious about how the afternoon would go. My apartment was a short 5 minute stroll from the pub. On arrival at my pad, we would strip down to our speedos as the sun was shining and the boys were keen for a splash around in the pool in my apartment complex. Some guys had their speedos on already under their shorts... some of the other guys changed in to them in my apartment... just about all the guys looked gym-toned to various degrees. This was going to be fun.

Brad had a bod to die for. He looked so chiselled in his blue surf lifesaving speedos. He filled them out well too... I gave him a playful tap on the backside as we were about to head poolside... Johnny was the only one to wear boardies - he was scared of the water temps impacting on the size of his manhood &#128578; Kyle looked hot in his black adidas speedos (white stripes on side)... Stewart wore a pair of red speedos (stitching down the middle of his bum crack) and was a keen swimmer so looked great with his swimmer build. Ben, Pete and myself all wore traditional black endurance speedos... mine with the drawstrings neatly crossed outside of my speedos (don't particularly like tucking them inside my speedos)... each of the lads brought a towel and thongs and we headed out to the pool... we agreed to go for a quick swim and come back soon after for more beers & fun... some of the lads were quickly in the pool... fortunately there were no neighbours out in the pool area so we had the space to ourselves... some of the lads were just keen to sit poolside and work on their tans with their feet in the water... the sun was out and the temp would have been around 25 celsius... the pool temp was actually a little bit cooler given that we had just moved into autumn.

Might leave it there for now and provide the next installment in a couple of days...

Some of the above guys are meeting again next weekend with some more newbies (probably pub session then straight to one of the guy's pads for some play)... so happy to perhaps continue with the above story and then write about the next meet... interested to hear your thoughts... as I said, not likely to have another speedo pool party until probably Sept/Oct but will try and get a speedo theme for the next event I host.

And here is the 2nd installment guys - enjoy!!!

So we returned to my apartment with the anticipation high that the speedo party was going to go up a notch in terms of excitement. We pulled out a few beers and put the footy on the big screen. Some of the guys already had hard-ons in their speedos so I knew it wasn't going to take long for things to heat up. Stewart had been to an earlier party and took it upon himself to offer to go sans speedos in the hope that everyone would follow. He was hard and hard a nicely-tuned athletic body. The rest of us did take the cue and stripped off our speedos at that point too. Stewart took a liking for Mark and started straddling him on the seat he was sitting. Wow things were heating up very quickly! Full-on French kissing was there to be seen and was getting the rest of us pretty horned up. Mark had a huge boner, his uncut cock a thing of beauty. Stewart started to work on Mark's member and Mark was moaning in absolute delight.

While this was happening, some of the boys had taken up seats on the two sofas... it didn't take long for the lads to pair off and engage in similar activities to that of Stewart and Mark. If only we had a camera filming all the XXX activities! On one sofa, Kyle and Brett were seated next to each other and in front of both on their knees were Brad and Ben... each were working over Kyle & Brett's cut cocks... Brad couldn't get enough of Kyle's tool, he was taking all of it down his throat almost gagging... not to be outdone, Ben was working overtime on Brett's member... a few of the lads were keen to watch the action unfold...

By this stage, Mark had grabbed a condom and some lube and had Stewart sitting on him and riding him up and down... Mark could not contain his excitement... a bottle of beer that was near him accidentally got knocked over due to the banging on the side of the kitchen bench... It didn't take Mark long to cum... Stewart rode him vigorously to the that stage and Mark let out a funny yelp as he came and his face contorted into some weird pattern... Stewart then started jerking himself and soon after came all over Mark's stomach... Peter couldn't help himself as he was watching Stewart and Mark go at it that he chose to lick up Stewart's cum off Mark's sweaty chest.

Not to be outdone, the lads on the couch had taken things up a gear... both Brad and Ben were now pounding into the arses of Kyle & Brett... Kyle was certainly enjoying the moment... Michael was leaning over him and feeding his cock to Kyle who was slurping on this fine tool while being pounded by Brad... Brad's nice, firm butt cheeks were delightful to watch as they tightened and loosened on each thrust penetrating Kyle... Kyle started stroking his own cock and it wasn't long before he beat out a splash of cum that landed on his chest.... This pushed Brad over the edge and his whole body spasmed as he ploughed into Kyle's tight hole and filled up the condom with a load of cum. Ben and Brett were similarly going at it like hounds and it didn't take long for either to cum soon after.

Some of the guys who had been involved in the early XXX activities showered up and chose to say their goodbyes and leave the party... that left the rest of us to get involved in some hot, sweaty action.