Mrs. Johnson

The Kitchen Encounter

Mrs. Johnson stood behind the kitchen island and looked down at the kids sitting in her living room. She continued to chop the vegetables as she smiled and found her son James talking among his friends. The boys around him looked to be seniors like James. Her eyes traveled over one of the boys chest and down toward his crotch. She felt herself staring as she saw him reach down and adjust himself through his shorts. Her eyes stayed on his crotch as his hand moved away. 

"Quiet a site, don't ya think?"

Mrs. Johnson jumped and turned beet red as she looked over her shoulder and saw Samantha, one of James's classmates, advance towards her.

"Relax Mrs. Johnson, if looking was a crime, I would have been in jail years ago."  Samantha said as she moved behind the older woman.

"What ya doin?" Samantha asked as she pushed her head over Mrs. Johnsons left shoulder pretending to look at the cutting board in front of her.

"Oh, just c-c-cutting some more vegetables for the dip, Samantha" answered Mrs. Johnson. 

Getting caught ogling that boy caused her to feel flush and warm.  Feelings she wanted to hide from this young girl. 

Mrs. Johnson took in a quick breath as she felt Samantha's right hand reach around under her apron and ever so gently come to rest just under her right breast. 

Samantha moved closer behind Mrs. Johnson, cutting off any possible retreat.

"Hey, can I watch? And call me Sam, I insist."  Sam said as she slowly started tracing circles across Mrs. Johnsons stomach.

"S-s-sure, but please b-b-back up, this knife is sharp" pleaded Mrs. Johnson.

"But Mrs. Johnson, I can't see very well from a distance" answered a smiling Sam. 

Sam knew she had her. To the casual observer, Mrs. Johnson was showing a student how to cut vegetables. No one could see Sam's hand under Mrs. Johnsons apron.  

Sam moved her hand up until she was cupping the older womans large right tit. This caused Mrs. Johnson to stiffen and stop cutting. 

"Oh Mrs. Johnson, your shirt is so soft and thin.  Did you wear it just for me?  And look how hard your nipple is - and so quick too. I like that."  Sam said as she felt positivity alive being in charge."

As she looked around the room, Mrs. Johnson whispered "Please".

"Please what Mrs. Johnson?" asked Sam.

Mrs. Johnson paused, biting her lip, and answered, "Please stop."

"Oh no, I can't do that Mrs. Johnson. You wouldn't want me to make a scene in front of all your son's friends now, would you?" smiled Sam. "

"Besides, you like my hand on your tit. Don't you?"

Mrs. Johnson took in another sharp breath as she felt Sam start to gently pinch and pull her right nipple.

"Don't you?" demanded Sam, pinching harder.

Mrs. Johnson lowered her head and gave way to the feeling.

"Yes" came the barely audible reply.

Sam leaned into Mrs. Johnson and whispered in her left ear "Just think what it will feel like when I get both hands on you."  Mrs. Johnson's couldn't contain the low moan that escaped her lips. 

"Oh, and don't forget my tongue - I can't wait to find out how you taste."   

Mrs. Johnson felt her pussy contract as Sam's words sunk in.  She felt weak in the knees.

And just like that, Sam left go of her nipple, whispered "to be continued" and walked out of the kitchen.

It took a few moments for Mrs. Johnson to compose herself as she scanned the room to make sure no one saw the encounter. 
 