It was a Sunday morning. Ali's college was closed but Mrs.Khalid had
some work in her office so she was leaving the house. In the half
way she remembered that she had forget some files, to bring them she
again went to her house. She always had a key so she entered the
house with out ringing the door bell. when she entered Ali's door
was closed. First she went to her own room and took the files and
then went to Ali's room to tell him to lock the door but when she
reached near the door she heard some voices. When she looked in the
keyhole of Ali's door she saw Ali totally naked grabbing his dick in
his hands and the voices were coming from the TV. There was a sexy
blue film on it. She was amazed by watching such a thing and decided
to leave the house without confronting himi. In the office she was
just thinking about Ali.

She now knew that her little son was a mature person and has some
sexual needs. When she reached home after some hours Ali was
studying. It seemed like that he have not done anything in her
absence. She said to Ali "How are you son", "fine " replied ali.
Then she went to the kitchen to cook and the whole day passed. That
night was quite different for Mrs.Khalid. She can't stop thinking
about her son's dick. It was almost same to his Dad's but Ali's dick
was a little bigger and thick. Mrs.Khalid's sexual needs were
rising. After all she went to sleep. Amazingly she had a wet dream
that night it had happened after a long time. The next day she
decided to know more about her son she checked his room in his
absence and found a CD, there was a nude pic on it she played it and
found it to be the same one which ali was playing that day. She also
watched Ali in his bathroom and many times and found him
masturbating. Days were becoming quite difficult for her and her
sexual needs were growing and growing. She has started masturbating.
But she badly needed a person who can fuck her hard. She decided
that the best person for her is her own son. Now she wanted to catch
her son masturbating.....

Atlast the weekend came and it was Ali's holiday. She decided to do
the thing through which she came to know about Ali. So she told Ali
that she is going to the office. Instead of going to the office she
went to the general store and bought some pills which will able her
to have cum inside her pussy but not get pragnent. After buying them
she reached her home. She opened the door with out making any noise.
Luckily Ali's room was closed. She watched inside by the keyhole.
Same situation Ali was naked with dick in his hand .A smile came on
her face. She quickly opened his door .Ali looked toward her. There
was a sense of fear on his face. His mind was blowing like atom
bomb. He quickly putted a cloth on himself and closed the movie.
Some thing came in Mrs.Khalid'mind and she decided to leave.

The whole day passed and she did not talked to Ali. Also Ali was
afraid of her. After the dinner Mrs.Khalid went to her room and Ali
to his. She decided it was the time to talk to ali.she wore her
nightdress through which her beautiful body could be seen a little.
She went to Ali's room. He was lying in the bed when he saw his
mother entering the room, he stood up. He thought it might be the
time for his punisment. His mother went to the cupboard and took out
the BP CD There was a nude pic on it. She asked, "What is it???" Ali
was unable to reply her question. She then asked " Tell me how long
you are seeing such movies and don't tell a
lie??" "M...mmm..Mom!!!!" ali said. "Just tell me??" she asked with
a harder voice. "The first movie I watched was two years ago"Ali
said. "And for how long you are been masturbating??" Mother
asked. "About 3-4 years" Ali said. "I thought my son is still a
child and do not know anything about sex but you are doing such
things for years!!!"

"Sorry mom I will not do it again please forgives me!!!" Ali
said. "I want to tell you one thing Your father died when you were a
kid since then I haven't gone to any man for my sexual habits. I
just wanted that my children become educated. "sorry mom " ali said.
Mrs. Khalid did not replied just went to the computer and played the
CD.The movie started in which a girl was sucking the cock of guy.
She then asked Ali "Tell me one thing, have you ever thought of your
sis or me to be your sex partner???" "Nnnn...no..no mom never"ali
said. "I want to hear the truth I will not say anything to you," she
said. Ali replied "well.... yes but I am...""Ok I just wanted to
hear this. I have Visualized that you are a grown up now and you
have some sexual needs. Have you had a sexual intercourse
ever?" "No" replied Ali. Mrs. Khalid came near to Ali put her hands
in his hairs and smiled. Her other hand was moving on Ali body then
she said "Take your clothes off " "What !!!" Ali said. " I said take
your clothes off " She said. Ali first of all hesitated but then did
as ordered.

His long dick was waving in air. It was erect. Maybe because the
sexxxxy movie was on and the nude voices were coming. After seeing
his dick mother smiled and said, " You know your dick is just like
your dad's. What a wonderful feeling it was when it entered in me!!.
There were hairs on his dick. Mrs Khalid said, " I have came here
because I want you to make me feel good. I have not even masturbated
since many years. But your beautiful dick has again brought back my
sexual needs .I want you to make your mom happy!!!" Ali's dick
became more harder after hearing this. Now he went to his mom slowly
moved his hands on her body. "Mom you are beautiful"Ali said. "Ok
take my clothes off " mother said. Ali could not believe his ears.
He went to her mother and putted off her nightgown .

He was also moving his hands over her body. He picked up his mom and
laid her on the bed. Now she was only in bra and undy. Her boobs
were trying to come out of bra. Ali opened her buckle of bra and
took it off. He could not stop himself of sucking them HARD. "Come
make your mom totally naked." she said. Ali now slowly took her
panty off. Her Pussy was covered with a large amount of hairs. I
looked like that she have not shaved since years."Hey moms don't u
under shave???"Ali asked. "No my dear son your father liked it like
that" she replied. Ali then said" I love it and now I will give you
real pleasure:)"Then he made a space to finger her pussy. He first
of all putted his finger inside. But then started licking it. His
mother was getting aroused slowly soon she started to moan"SSSSSS
AAAAAAAHHHHHH OHHHH YESSSSSS"

After some time he told his mother " Mom you haven't had sex because
of me I will now make to feel cool. But ur pussy is really
tight!!" "Yeah son but you were so small when you came out from
hear. Now your first home is too small for you. Only your dick can
fit in. Now lay down I want to suck your dick."She said. Ali did as
she ordered. Now she took his dick in her hands and then spitted on
it."Hay feel your moms hands" Then she licked it slowly, soon it was
in her mouth and she was bring it in and out. Ali's facial
expressions were looking wonderful. After some time he cried " MOM I
want to fuck you"."All right son " she replied.

Ali then stood up and went to the cupboard and gets some oil. His
mother was fingering herself. Soon he started putting his dick in.
He slowly putted it in .His mom was crying with joy. He slowly
started moving it in and out. His mother stopped him and asked him
to abuse her she said "Hay you bloody ass fucker abuse me it will
make me more horny." He said, "OKKKK you bitch today I will make you
cry" and started fucking her. "Don't you have power will you do it
like that with your wife??? Come fuck me hard" This made me Ali more
fast and now he was fucking his mother toooooo hard."Bitch, Gashti,
Rundi, Wehshia I will make you cry" now she has started moaning
fast "AAAAAAAAAhhhhhhhhhh SSSSSSSSSSSS Bhanchod Faaaaaasst Fuck
meeeeeee aaaaaaaaaa hhhhhhhhh yeessssssssss yeahhhhhh wait wait wait
waaaaiiiittt " Ali have to wait " What happened did i heart you?"

"No you cant cum inside my pussy I have not eaten the pills also I
want to drink my sons tasty cum"Then she stood up and went to her
room took the pills and came back."Ok let me drink your
cum" "Alright suck my cock "She started sucking it "Faster bitch
randi " It really worked and she started sucking faster and faster."
I am about to cum"ali said. And loads of his cum were inside his
mothers mouth .She drank all of it. Then she said now lick your sexy
moms pussy you madarchod (mother fucker). He not even waited her to
lie down he picked her up putted on the bed and started
licking. "Faster my son faster make your mom feel good
AAAAAAAHHHHHHH OOOOOOOO HHHHHHHH Yeah" Soon she also cummed. Her son
was making his mom feel good.

His dick was erect again."Now your ass mommy " "No it will heart"
mom replied. But Ali did not hear her and started putting his dick
in her ass. It was really tight and hot. But he did not stopped. His
mom was crying "AAAAAAA AAAAAAAA hhhh AAAAAA HHHHHHHHHHH STOOOOPPPP
ITTTT" but Ali did not stopped " MOM don't worry it will be cool
after some time" Soon it became cool for his mom and she started to
moan with joy. "Yeeeeaahhhhh Make me feel good Fuck me hard
YEEEEEEAAAAAAAHHHHHH.BLoody son of a bicht fuck your mom fast fast
fast" Soon Ali cummed in her ass. Now he was lying on her back."
thanks son you are really cool I love you and your metal rod
(dick)."Then she started kissing his son on his lips his ass, his
dick and every part of his body. Both of them were tired and went to
sleep in on another arms.

Now Mrs. Khalid had a playboy who was her companion at nights. And
Ali was trying his best for his mother that she forgets her
loneliness.





