Bob And The Girl Next Door
by Octave888888

Bob And The Girl Next Door Ch. 01

Grant and Bob meet Anna.

I shouldn't have said what I said. I didn't have much of an excuse, other than I'd had a bad day. That's still no excuse to ever yell at a girl.

Let me back up and explain.

My name is Grant, and I'm a graphic designer. I have an office, but my home office is just as equipped, so I do plenty of work from home. I'm also an avid gardener. That's been most of my life recently. I have a few friends, but not much of an outgoing social life.

Linda and I split up about a year ago, after 5 years of marriage. She met some other guy and divorced me to run off with him. Good riddance. I kept the house, so she took half my money. I haven't heard from her since she moved out, but her sleazy lawyer keeps calling me, trying to get more of my money. Fuck her and fuck that guy too.

I also kept Bob, my bulldog. He never listened to Linda anyway. He follows me around the house and garden, follows my commands, and naps anywhere he likes. He's good-natured and he never barks at anyone. He's lazy but lovable.

About six months ago, Olivia Tenner moved in next door. It was uncouthe to ask a woman's age, but I guessed she was in her late 30's, and she was a divorcee herself. Her husband had cheated on her several years back, and she'd appropriately kicked him out.

Olivia came with her teenage daughter Anna. The spitting image of her mom. Both were blonde, tall, and slim with long legs. A killer combination.

I'd gotten to know Olivia somewhat. She worked as a nurse, so her hours were crazy sometimes, but Anna was old enough to take care of herself if Olivia ever had to work overnight 12-hour shifts. Even despite her work schedule, Olivia managed to take care of her house and lawn, which I think is a good quality to have in a neighbor.

On the other hand, I didn't really know Anna. That's okay. I'm 32, so I get it that a teenage girl wouldn't have much in common with me. Now that it was summer, and school was out, I'd see Anna outside more and more. And, as it got warmer, she started wearing less and less, as young women tend to do.

So today, a hot Tuesday in early June, I was working at home. I had been working on a design project for weeks for a big company. If they liked my designs, it would mean big bucks and more work coming my way.

My phone rang as I was putting on the final touches. "Hello?"

"Hi, Grant, it's Bill," came the voice of my boss.

"What's up?"

"I have some bad news. Gintronics is going with another design."

My jaw dropped. "What? I've been slaving away at that project! The due date wasn't until Friday!" My voice was loud enough to wake Bob from his slumber on the floor nearby.

"I know," he told me, "but it looks like they went with someone else, ahead of the due date. I just wanted you to hear it from me."

I shook my head in disbelief. "So all that work is a waste."

"Well, hold onto it, I guess, in case they change their minds. But I'll get you another assignment soon, Grant."

"Okay. Thanks Bill."

I'd just hung up when I saw the mail truck out the window. Now seemed like a good time to get away from work anyway, so I left my office and went to check the mail. Bob followed goofily behind me.

I shuffled through the junk and found a legal-looking envelope. Inside was a court summons, for two weeks from today. That bitch Linda and her attorney were trying to get more alimony from me. I rolled my eyes, though nobody was around to see it.

I tossed the mail on the kitchen counter, and headed out to the backyard. This was my paradise. I had the best lawn on the street, a nice patio, and flowers of all kinds planted all around. I even had a small plot of vegetables in the back. When I wasn't maintaining the plant life out here, I usually sat and read a book on the patio. It was the best place I knew to calm myself on a day like this.

I looked to the side and saw Anna, laying out in the sun, wearing only a bikini. It was a good, cloudless day, so I didn't begrudge her for wanting to take advantage of it. She didn't look at me. If she'd heard me come out, she was ignoring me.

I spotted a few errant branches on a bush, so I grabbed my pruning shears. To my shock, they broke in my hands on the first snip. I grumbled as one of the metal pieces slipped from my hands and fell to the ground. What a lousy day. I tried to look on the bright side, that it gave me an excuse to go buy new garden tools, but that wasn't making my mood any better.

As I walked back towards the house, I looked at Anna again. I thought how lucky she was to still be young, and not to have to deal with grown-up crap yet. As I looked, she sat up and locked eyes with me. "Get a good look, you perv?" she called out.

I hadn't been perving on her, but now my brain got a glimpse of her teenage figure. Her bikini was bright pink. Not much to speak of on her chest. Her flat stomach and long legs made up the difference.

What I should have said was, "I wasn't staring at you. I'm going inside now."

But I was in a bad mood. The project getting cancelled, and the letter from Linda and her lawyer, and my tool breaking, and now this.

So I yelled at her. "Why would I want to look at you? What the hell would a grown man do with a flat-chested 17-year-old child?"

She clearly wasn't expecting the foaming rage that exploded from my mouth, as her eyes got wide. The only thing she could think to say in response was, "I'm 18."

"Whatever, like it makes a difference," I shouted, storming off, slamming the door as I entered the house.

Once I'd cooled down, I realized I should apologize for my unexpected tongue-lashing. I also made a mental note to apologize to Olivia when she got home from work. I had no excuse to yell at her daughter like that. But when I looked back outside, Anna was gone.

*****

I'd realize later that what I'd just done, very unknowingly, was negging. Negging is when someone says something to put you down, whether explicitly or implicitly, to shake your self-confidence. I'd pointed out something Anna was already self-conscious about - her breast size. I'd also called her a child, when she probably thought she was grown-up at 18. She'd thought she was hot stuff, since I'm sure she was a popular girl in her high school. I broke her esteem just enough to make her suddenly think otherwise.

And, since I was the one who did it, I was the one she needed to impress in order to redeem herself.

*****

It was later that evening when I saw Olivia arrive home, and I was able to catch her before she went into her house. "What's up, Grant?" she asked.

"I wanted to apologize to you and to Anna. I kind of yelled at her today," I said, then explained all my frustrations that I took out on her.

When I'd finished, Olivia put her comforting hand on my shoulder. "I'm glad you told me, and apologized," she said. "I'll talk to Anna."

I was relieved she understood. I didn't want to make enemies with my next-door neighbors. "Thank you. Please let her know I didn't mean anything I said."

"I will," she assured me, stepping through her door. "Have a good night."

In the morning, I didn't have any work to do, since my project was still either on hold or cancelled. So I made a quick trip to the hardware store to get new pruning shears, and a few other gardening supplies I had been thinking about. When I got home, it was almost noon. I made myself a sandwich and took it outside to the patio, along with a glass of lemonade. Like yesterday, it was a beautiful day to be outside. Bob trotted over to his corner of the lawn to do his business, then came back to the patio and curled up in the sun.

I was halfway through my sandwich when I saw Anna come outside. She didn't come over. I half-hoped that she would, so I could apologize and we could be friends, but the other half of me was glad she stayed in her own yard, so I didn't have to have that awkward talk.

Either way, I put extra effort into not staring at her. That was more difficult today. I had noticed her cute teenage body yesterday, and today she was out again in another bikini.

I focused on my yard, my sleepy dog, and my sandwich. I gave the occasional glances in Anna's direction. At one point I realized her chair was closer to my yard than it had been yesterday. But maybe I was imagining that. Another glance made me think she was watching me, but maybe that was natural after my outburst yesterday.

She sighed audibly, and I turned my head towards her. It was clear that sigh was meant to attract my attention. She smiled at me from her chair. I smiled back and gave a nod of acknowledgement. She wiggled on her chair, like she was adjusting her position, but it also seemed like she was wiggling her body for me.

If that was her intent, I was uncomfortable with it. I was also done with my sandwich. I downed the last of my lemonade, grabbed my dishes, and went inside with Bob without looking back. I spent the rest of my Wednesday afternoon doing inside chores, trying not to think of Anna's bikini body.

*****

Thursday came, and I called into my office, but I still had no new assignment. At least the weather was nice. I thought briefly about Anna, but I threw those thoughts away. I had gardening work to do, and I had done all my inside chores yesterday.

Bob trotted out the door happily as I went out. I glanced next door. No sign of Anna or Olivia. I grabbed my gloves and a bucket and set about to pull weeds. I knew other people hated weed-pulling, but it was somewhat therapeutic for me. Ridding the world of evil, one weed at a time.

I heard the door open and shut next door, but I was facing away from it, so I didn't look up. I did look up as footsteps in the grass came closer. Anna stood there. Thankfully, not in a bikini this time, but a tank top and short shorts. Still not much left to the imagination, but at least her midriff was covered.

"Need any help?" she offered.

No one has ever helped me pull weeds. Why would anyone want to? But I didn't want to be mean or suspicious, so I simply nodded. "Sure," I said. "Want to start right there?" I pointed at a cluster about ten feet away. "Make sure to get the roots too, or they come back. Do you have gloves?"

She shook her head. I got up and headed to the garage, and was amused when both Anna and Bob followed me. I chuckled as I rooted in a drawer. "Usually I only have one loyal follower," I remarked.

Anna looked down at Bob. "He's a pretty dog."

"If by pretty you mean lazy, then yes he's gorgeous." I found an older left-hand glove, then found its mate a second later. "These will be big on you, but they'll keep your hands clean."

We went back to work outside. I glanced over a few times to make sure she was doing a good, complete job, which she seemed to be. Bob did his part by napping by the bucket in between us.

When she'd finished her section, she announced, "I'll move over to this part here."

"Okay," I responded, without really looking up. When I did, I saw her bent over the flower bed. Her shorts really were very short. As the material shifted upwards, I could just make out the lower curves of her ass. I doubted her mother would let her wear those shorts out of the house.

As the sun grew warmer, I watched Bob get up and trudge to the patio. I had left a water bowl for him there, which he partook of noisily. I looked over to Anna. She was still bent over, her cute butt still appealing. I could see the skin on her upper back, above the material of her tank top, starting to glisten just a bit. But she was finishing that bed's weeds.

"Thanks for your help, Anna," I said. "Want some lemonade or something?"

"That would be great, thanks," answered Anna. She stood and walked with me to the patio. She sat in one of the chairs there as I went inside for drinks. When I returned, Bob was napping at Anna's feet.

"That means he likes you," I told her, eliciting a smile from the girl. "So, how bored are you, that you actually wanted to help me pull weeds?" I asked.

She shrugged. "Well there's no school and I don't have a job," she started, "But really, I wanted to apologize to you."

"I was going to apologize to you. I never should have yelled at you."

"My mom told me," she nodded, "but it was my fault. I thought you were looking at me, like the boys at school do."

"No, but I remember being one," I told her. "Boys are desperate little pigs."

She laughed. "You're right. But you're not a boy, you're a man." I saw a look in her eyes. It was like she looked at me yesterday. There was desire there. Not just sexual desire, but a need to prove herself to me.

I tried not to play into it, and changed the subject to school. I figured she still had another year of high school, but she told me she had worked ahead, and was actually going to graduate in December. "I want to start college in January," she told me proudly, "I'm going to major in advertising."

"That's nice, that you already know what you want to do," I told her. "I'm a graphic designer myself, so I do a ton of advertising campaigns."

Her eyes lit up. "Have you done anything I've seen?"

I thought for a minute. "Mostly local things. Do you know Bruno's? The Italian restaurant?" I asked, and she nodded. "I did the logo for them a while back."

"That was you? Cool."

It was weird to think of my work as being described as 'cool' by a teenage girl, but I guess I would take it. "Bruno is a friend from way back, so he gave me the job when I was first getting started."

We finished our drinks, and Anna started putting the old gloves back on. "So what's next?" she asked eagerly.

I was still a little uncomfortable with her being around. I made up a little white lie. "Actually, I've got some work to do inside."

"Oh. Okay." Anna's face dropped a little. "Maybe I can help another time?"

I smiled. "Well, you did pretty good on those weeds, so maybe."

Her smile came back. She handed me the gloves, but I held out my hand. "You keep them," I told her. "I've got no need for them."

"Thanks, Mr. Fuller," she said, then looked down. "Bye Bob." Then trotted back to her house. I watched her go, and it seemed like she was moving her hips a little more than was necessary.

I opened the door, but Bob was still watching her go. "Come on, Bob," I called, and he broke his trance and headed inside with me.

*****

Let me explain my yard. I live on a cul-de-sac, where the yards are angled because of the way the houses circle the end of the road. As a result, our front yards are pretty small, but the back yards are bigger than normal.

I've spent years getting my yard to how it is now. Everything is well-maintained. The patio has nice, comfortable furniture. Raised flower beds hold the plants in place. The lawn itself is green and healthy as well. Olivia's house, in contrast, is just grass and a small deck, where a small grill sits. Nothing special. That is, until Anna got inspired.

*****

That weekend was rainy, so I didn't spend much time outside, and I didn't see Anna out at all. Monday morning, I finally got a new assignment for work, so I had to go into the office for a few hours for meetings.

When I got back, Olivia and Anna were unloading flats of flowers from the trunk of the car. "Hi, Grant!" said Olivia, waving at me.

I walked over, curious. "What's all this?"

"It's Anna's idea," Olivia told me. "She wants to do a few flowers around the house. She told me she spent some time with you the other day."

I nodded. "Yes, she helped me pull weeds."

"Hi Mr. Fuller," Anna said, coming back from dropping off flowers in the back yard. "I got my own set of gardening gloves," she said, holding up her hands proudly. They were pink, and matched her pink tank top.

I could tell she was excited, and truthfully, I was happy for her. "That's great," I told her. "Gardening is always a good hobby."

"Can I ask you questions, if I need help?" she asked.

"Sure," I told her confidently. If I was good at anything, it was working in the garden, so I knew I could answer any questions. "Any time, let me know. But if you two will excuse me, I'm sure Bob needs to come outside." I left them to go rescue my dog, who was bouncing at the door to get out.

That afternoon, I got down to work on my new assignment, but I kept an eye out from the second-floor window. Anna was trying hard, but it was clear she had neither the skills nor the tools to do what she wanted.

So, being the good neighbor, I went outside around 3:00 and brought my shovels. I showed her how to dig more efficiently, how to space the flowers according to their needs, where to plant them in full sun or partial shade. By the time we were done, it was 7:00, and we were both sweaty and hungry.

"I could go for some dinner about now," I told her, collecting the tools.

"Want to come over to our house?" Anna asked eagerly. "Monday is always pizza night for us."

I shook my head. "I don't want to intrude on you and your mom."

Suddenly, Anna took off into the house, and returned with Olivia a minute later. Olivia told me from her deck, "Grant, you're welcome to join us. It's the least we can do after you helped Anna so much today." Anna was grinning next to her.

"Okay," I relented. "Can I have a minute to clean up first?" I gestured to my dirty clothes.

They both nodded. "I'll order the pizza," Olivia said, "and you clean up." Turning to her daughter, she said, "You too, Anna."

Anna rolled her eyes, but agreed. "Yes mom."

Thirty minutes later, showered and changed, I arrived at their door. Olivia let me in. "Good timing," she told me, "the pizza got here just before you." She showed me into the kitchen and handed me a paper plate. "Help yourself."

Anna came down a minute later, hair still wet from the shower. She wore a loose-fitting t-shirt and another pair of short athletic shorts. From the slight wiggle I spotted under her shirt, I could tell she wasn't wearing a bra underneath. I think she thought she could get away with it, since her breast size wasn't very big. I pretended not to notice, but her mother sure did. "Young lady," Olivia said, in a warning scolding tone that only mothers can master.

"What?" Anna stopped in her tracks.

Olivia made a gesture, hidden against her own body so I didn't quite see it, but I heard her mutter, "We have a guest."

Anna got the message. "Fine," she said, stomping back up the stairs.

Olivia sat down with me and reached for the pizza. "Sorry," she explained, "she's been told to dress properly around houseguests."

I shrugged, pretending to be comfortable. "Oh. I didn't really see anything."

When Anna returned a minute later, she was wearing the same shirt, but her chest was more properly restrained. She also had longer shorts on.

Dinner was pretty enjoyable. Olivia's a great person, and she works hard for her daughter's sake. Neither of them had seen Olivia's ex-husband, Anna's father, in several years. I didn't ask, but I pieced together he had moved away long ago, after the divorce. But it was nice to have common ground with someone else who'd been through that experience.

Anna kept her eyes on me throughout dinner. Every time I looked her way, she was smiling. Not a friendly smile, I decided. A smile that wished her mother wasn't right there.

When the pizza was gone and we parted ways, I promised to return the favor by cooking for them sometime at my house. Olivia was pleased by it, but Anna's eyes practically glowed. I could almost see her giddily thinking about being with me in my house.

*****

The next few days, I would work on my work assignment most of the day, then go outside. It was sunny again, so Anna had returned to her sunning chair in her bikini. She'd wave when she saw me, and I'd wave back, trying valiantly to ignore the showcase of her fit teen body.

That Friday, she was wearing a top that I hadn't seen before. It looked new, and looked specifically designed to amplify her small breasts, making her cleavage look more pronounced. That day, when I came outside, she got up and skipped over into my yard. "Hey, Mr. Fuller!" she said, her voice practically singing. She held her arms behind her back, almost to thrust her augmented bosom in my direction.

"Hi, Anna," I answered. I tried to look at her face and not further down.

"Can you take a look at my flowers?" she asked, sugar-sweetly. "I thought I saw some bugs on them this morning."

I put down my watering can. "Sure. Where?" I left Bob, who was too busy napping in the shade to notice, and followed Anna to a corner where she'd planted some marigolds, alternating yellow and orange. She bent down quickly, and I saw her bikini bottoms ride up, showing more of her cute butt than was necessary. My stupid male brain made me stop and admire it briefly before stooping down beside her.

"Those bugs," she pointed at a tiny green speck.

"That's an aphid. They're harmless in small numbers," I told her. But I thought, she had to have known that, right? What kind of science are they teaching in that school?

"Oh," she replied. Then she quickly stood up, facing me. My face was now level with her crotch. Again, my inner pervert couldn't help but look for a second. Maybe it was two seconds. When I stood up again, Anna was grinning at me, and standing only inches away. I became self-conscious and took a step backwards.

"Mr. Fuller, can I call you Grant?" she asked oh-so-innocently.

It wouldn't hurt. She wasn't a kid anymore, right. "Sure, Anna."

She beamed with the new permission. "Thanks, Grant," she said, and quickly wrapped me in a hug. I felt awkward. I patted her on the back with one hand, feeling the skin of her bare back. Then, just as quickly as the hug started, she released me and skipped back to her lawn chair.

I walked back to my yard, and quickly went back to work on my garden, trying to hide the beginnings of an erection that was caused by the contact of a barely-dressed, sexy teen girl.

*****

The following Monday, I visited the office again. My boss, Bill Berman, greeted me warmly. "Nice work so far on the Hamilton project. I want to send you out there to present it next week."

"Out to Phoenix? That's quite a trip."

"Yup," he nodded. "You'll leave Monday, present Tuesday morning, and be back late Tuesday night. Janet will get your flights and hotel set up," he said, nodding to Janet, our office secretary. Bill was the boss, but Janet was what kept things running.

I agreed, but now I needed someone to watch Bob for me. It would be ideal if I could just ask a neighbor to do it. However, the Johnsons next door were on vacation for a couple weeks. So that left Olivia and Anna.

When I got home, I found Anna watering her impatiens in the back yard. I let Bob outside, and walked over her direction. "Hey, is your mom home?" I asked.

"No, why?" Anna replied with a big smile.

"I need someone to take care of Bob, for a couple days next week. I've got a trip out of town."

Anna's eyes lit up. "I can do it! I love Bob. And he likes me, don't you Bob?" To prove her point, Bob sat at her leg, tongue hanging out. Anna gave him a good head rub.

I guessed it would be fine. I mean, Anna was 18, and Bob seemed to listen to her. He never listened to my ex Linda - one of the many things she constantly complained about.

Anna saw my hesitation, and gave her best begging face, accompanied by clasped hands and a cute "Please???"

"Okay. You can take care of Bob. I've got some work to do the rest of the day, but I'll show you sometime later where his food is and everything."

"Yes!" She hopped and pumped her fist. She bent down to pet Bob again. "Don't worry, Grant, Bob is in good hands."

*****

Not that I didn't trust Anna, but I checked that my home security cameras were still working. There were three I'd installed years ago: one in the living room, pointed at the front door; one in the kitchen, pointed at the back door, and one in the upstairs hallway. The upstairs one was really so I could see if anyone broke in through the upper balcony, but it also pointed into my bedroom. All were working normally, and I could access them on my personal tablet.

I spent the rest of the afternoon preparing to meet Linda and her sleazy lawyer in court the following morning. One or both of them wanted more of my money, and I intended to prevent that. I printed financial statements showing that, even though I was getting a small cost-of-living raise on July 1, it was really very small, especially after taxes, and wasn't worth the request for an increased alimony. Any reasonable judge should look at it and see that my ex was a money-grubbing skank, and easily dismiss the request.

Tuesday morning, I walked into court and sat down. I didn't look at the lawyer at all. I knew what he looked like already. Slicked-back hair, cocky smirk, cheap suit. I did glance at Linda. She'd cut her brown hair a little shorter. She was wearing an older dress that looked a bit worn - I guessed she wanted to look somewhat destitute.

The lawyer did all the talking for her. They wanted me to pay an additional $100 per month. Then I stood up and, showing the statements, I made it clear that my raise would only be around $50 a month. I also pointed out that my last big project was cancelled, resulting in no bonus, despite the fact that I'd worked on it for months. The judge stared at both sides, and decided in my favor. I walked out without saying a word to anyone else. I heard Linda calling after me, but I didn't feel the need to talk to her, so I just left.

*****

Saturday, I had Olivia and Anna over, and I cooked my famous lasagna for them. Olivia brought a bottle of wine that paired well with it.

"Can I have some?" asked Anna sweetly, but Olivia gave her a good motherly stare, and Anna quickly recanted. "Just kidding," she said sheepishly. It made me chuckle inwardly.

After dinner, I showed Anna, with Olivia watching too, how to feed Bob. He gets fed twice a day, morning and evening. I also let him out at least five times a day to do his business, but one of those times should be a walk around the block.

I'd only be gone for two days, but I gave them my cell number for emergencies. Anna assured me that she could handle it, and I knew Olivia would make sure Anna followed through. But, just to be that guy, I pointed at the camera in the kitchen, sitting on the top of a cabinet. "That camera connects to my tablet, so I'll see you when you come in."

"Got it," replied Anna.

"Thanks again for doing this," I told them both.

"No problem, Grant," Anna said, "Bob is in good hands."

*****

Monday night, I was crashing in my hotel in Phoenix. When I got into the room, I heard my tablet ding, indicating motion on the security cameras.

Earlier that day, I had seen Anna come in and feed Bob. The lazy dog seemed to really like her. Every time she'd come in that day, she even gave a little wave to the camera.

This time was no different. It was about 10:00 there, and she was just letting Bob out, having fed him earlier. But she looked at the camera and waved. Then she winked. I wasn't sure what to make of that.

After letting Bob back in, I noticed she didn't leave. She was taking her time, looking around the house. After a minute, she disappeared from the camera's view, heading upstairs.

I switched to the upstairs camera just in time to see her looking at it. Or, at least I'm fairly sure she was. It sat on a shelf in the hallway, not really hidden, but she could've been examining one of the trinkets on the same shelf. She turned to go down the hall, peeking her head into each room, and finding my bedroom at the end of the hall. I thought for sure my nosy neighbor would now leave, having toured the house. But then she did something that shocked me: she laid down on my bed.

I zoomed in to see more detail. I realized that when I pointed out the camera in the kitchen, I hadn't told Olivia about the other cameras in the house. So, she had no way of knowing that I was watching her daughter right now.

But Anna knew. She moved her hands over her body, and closed her eyes. I saw that she was wearing another one of her too-revealing tank-tops, and short shorts. Her left hand drifted inside her shirt, and it looked like - no it couldn't be - but it was, she was touching her breast. While laying on my bed.

As I continued to watch, her right hand was now slipping inside her shorts, and I could tell she was rubbing her own crotch. My dick got hard in my pants, as I realized what was going on: my teenage neighbor was masturbating on my bed.

Then she stopped and sat up, and I thought the show was over. But instead, she stripped off her tank-top. Then her bra. Then her shorts and panties. Then she laid back down again, and continued to touch herself. Her right hand obscured her lower privates from the camera, but I could see her small breasts. Something in my brain thanked me for buying good-resolution cameras. Even though the breasts were small, her nipples were perfectly sized, and erect, as she tweaked one, then the other with her left hand. Her right hand continued to work on her nether regions, moving faster. Her eyes were closed, but then her mouth opened in a gasping motion. I couldn't hear the sounds she was making, but I knew she was getting close to climaxing. On my bed!

I couldn't help it anymore. I undid my pants, and took my member in my hand. I started rubbing myself, watching this 18-year-old vixen put on a live show. It was better than porn. I rubbed mine as she rubbed hers, trying to match her speed.

Then her back arched, and her eyes opened wide, and her right hand moved at lightning speed across her pussy, and I knew she was cumming, and that pushed me over the edge too. I shot a wad across the hotel room, on the full-length mirror that hung on the wall. She laid there for a minute or two, and so did I. I watched her breathing calm down, and then she was sitting up again. She quickly got re-dressed, and left the bedroom. She petted Bob as she left the house, and then she was gone.

I grabbed some tissues and cleaned up both myself and the mirror. Its glass was a little streaky, but I did my best. Then I thought about what I'd just done. I'd spied on a naked 18-year-old girl, watched her masturbate, and masturbated myself. Sure, she was technically legal, but she was still a girl, still in high school, and was my neighbor's daughter. How was I going to look her in the eye when I got home?

*****

Tuesday, I did my presentation. I managed to put the memories of Anna's naked body out of my mind for a couple hours. Thank goodness for that, or I would never have gotten through it. The clients liked my work and were eager to see more. I predicted a few more trips to Phoenix in my near future.

I did check in on the house and Bob. Anna had come in and taken care of him, as promised, but this time, no additional material. Maybe she'd just wanted to do that, just once, and had gotten it out of her system. If it never happened again, I think I could deal with that.

It wasn't meant to be. As my flight landed back home around 10:15 that night, my tablet dinged again. Anna was back at the house. I watched as she let Bob out, then back in again. She was dressed similar to the previous night, but this time she had something in her hand. I couldn't make it out as she didn't turn on the lights. I looked around, and thankfully, it was a pretty empty flight. No one else could see what was on my screen.

Again, she went upstairs. I watched her carry the small item into the bedroom. This time, she immediately stripped naked, and laid down on her back. The item, still in her hand, was shaped like a small rod. When she placed it between her legs, I realized it was a vibrator. Her mouth opened and shut in what I assumed were moans and gasps. It only took a few minutes before I saw her back arch, just like it had the previous night, and I knew she was cumming.

Just then, the 'fasten seatbelts' light turned off above me, and people rose to get off the plane. I quickly shut off the tablet's screen and shoved it back in my bag. No one else needed to see my naked teenage neighbor getting off in my house.

*****

When the cab dropped me off at home, Anna was gone, of course. Bob was super happy to see me. I thought he was so excited, I let him outside one more time before he peed on the floor.

I looked around the house. Nothing was out of place. Of course, Anna wouldn't steal anything. Everything looked normal upstairs too. I entered the bedroom and dropped my suitcase, and just looked at the bed. An hour ago, there was a naked girl here, I thought.

I couldn't help it. I leaned down over the bed, and sniffed the spot where she'd been. It smelled like pussy. Young, sweet pussy. I pulled my tablet out of my bag, and watched the last video again. I still didn't have sound, but now I had video and smell. I rubbed one out thinking of Anna, watching her orgasm on my screen, smelling her scent on my bed.


Bob And The Girl Next Door Ch. 02

Anna shows more of herself.

It rained all day Wednesday, so I didn't see Anna hanging around in her back yard. Thank goodness. I wasn't sure I could look her in the eyes. I was a little embarrassed that I'd seen her naked in my house. I was even more embarrassed that I'd pleasured myself to her pleasuring herself. With the poor weather, I spent the whole day inside working on my projects.

Thursday was sunny again. Around noon, I took a break to eat lunch and take Bob outside. Predictably, Anna was outside sunning. Rather than the usual bikini, she was wearing short shorts and a tank top that was pulled up to expose her midriff. When I came outside with Bob, she hopped out of her chair and walked over. "Hi Grant!" she said with her smile. Her top unfolded itself as she walked, sliding down just past her navel.

"Hi Anna. Thanks for taking care of Bob."

"Oh, no problem. He's a good boy." She looked down at him. "Aren't you Bob?" Bob drooled in agreement.

"Well, I'm glad you think that. I may need you to watch him more in the future. I'll probably be taking another trip soon."

Her eyes lit up. "Really? Cool, that's great. I can totally watch him."

She sat with me as I ate my lunch, and she asked me to talk about Bob as a puppy, which I was happy to talk about. My ex-wife had brought him home for us, kind of on a whim. But, having never owned a dog before in her life, she was woefully unprepared for dog-parenthood. She never wanted to feed him or clean up after him, so it fell to me. I bonded closely with my little puppy, and since he knew I'd take care of him, he followed me around everywhere.

Then Linda got upset when Bob loved me more than her, and listened to me but not her. Bob wasn't really the reason Linda left me, but perhaps he was a symptom of the larger problem. He helped me realize that Linda was immature and self-centered, shortly before she left me. After learning I had to pay alimony, I selfishly hoped Linda would marry her new guy, but he ended up leaving her, so the alimony payments continued, as her own salary was fairly pathetic.

"What about you and your mom?" I asked Anna. "Did you ever have a dog?"

"No, my dad was allergic, so we couldn't have one. But maybe we can now, since he's gone."

"I'm sorry to bring him up. And I don't know if your mom will let you have a dog. But you're welcome to play with Bob." Bob's ears perked up at hearing his name, and he gave me a wide dog-grin. I looked at Anna and she was grinning too. I tried to push all thoughts of her naked body out of my mind and think of her as my friend.

*****

I was sipping on a beer with Olivia on Saturday afternoon. Now that we'd had dinner a few times, we had become closer neighbors and friends. We were having normal chit-chat, when she said something that perked my attention.

"Can you help me move some furniture tomorrow? Anna said she wants to switch her bedroom to the other side of the house."

"Huh? Why?"

Olivia shrugged. "I don't know. We've been here for six months, and all of a sudden she wants to switch to the other room, the one we've been using as a guest room." She took a sip from her beer. "I told her she could, since I can't think of a reason not to. But if you can help us move some furniture, it would go a lot easier."

I tried to think of reasons not to, but I couldn't. Moreover, I kind of owed them a favor after Anna took care of Bob. So I nodded. "Sure, I can help. What time do you want me over?"

"Say, about 1:00? After lunch? If it goes longer than a few hours, I'll buy dinner."

It's hard to say no to a free dinner with friends. Even if you've seen one masturbate on your bed. "No problem. 1:00. I'll be there."

*****

I had never been on the second floor of Olivia's house before. But when I got to the top of the stairs, I immediately saw the immensity of the move, and the need for me to help out. Anna and Olivia were switching all the furniture between two bedrooms, so the hall was littered with furniture that had been dragged from both rooms. Both women had on older t-shirts, comfortable for working. Olivia was wearing flattering yoga pants, and Anna had on a pair of skin-tight denim shorts.

Anna's old room had been on the front corner of the house, on the side facing away from my house. She was moving to the complete opposite corner. The new bedroom, formerly the guest room, had two windows. One faced the rear of the house, overlooking the garden. The other faced my house.

As I was helping Olivia drag Anna's dresser into the room, I looked over at the side-facing window. It hadn't occurred to me until that moment that I could see into my house from that window. Not just anywhere in my house, but my bedroom. Is this why Anna wanted to change rooms?

While I pondered it, Anna's voice came from behind me. "Coming through!" I turned and found her holding one of the dresser drawers, which had been taken out to make it easier to move. I looked at what was in the drawer, then immediately looked elsewhere. It was clearly her underwear. Half of it was assorted panties. The other half was bras. From the glimpse I got, I was pretty sure there was at least one Victoria's Secret tag in there. Anna seemed to notice my awkwardness and gave me a naughty grin.

While my assistance did make the work go faster, it was 7:00 by the time we had switched all of the furniture between the two rooms. Anna had directed some of our set up of her room, making sure her bed, dressers, and desk were all in satisfactory places. The guest room wasn't quite set up yet, but Olivia assured me that she and Anna would take care of it later. "Chinese food okay?" she told me, taking out her phone and calling the local restaurant.

The three of us dined on noodles, rice, beef with broccoli, and sweet and sour chicken.

Anna had told her mother that she wanted to overlook her new gardens in the backyard from her bedroom. But I was having trouble trying not to think about how her bedroom would now be visible from mine. My mind brought up the images of Anna's performances on my bed, and I was envisioning her naked teenage body sitting across the table from me. She slurped her lo mein noodles, and it made me fantasize about her slurping on my dick.

"What?" I said, suddenly aware that Olivia had said something to me.

"I said, it's been nice having you around, Grant. I'm glad we moved in next to you." Olivia slid the paper from her fortune cookie across the table so I could see it. It read 'Keep your good friends close through good and bad times.'

"Yeah, I'm glad too," I replied. I spotted the remaining two fortune cookies in the center of the table. Anna reached for them first, leaving me the last one.

Anna broke hers and read the paper to herself at first, but then read out loud, "Love becomes visible even if you don't seek it." She gave me a look. I hoped she wasn't getting ideas.

I took the last cookie and broke it. "Mine says, 'Help, I'm trapped in a fortune cookie factory.'"

Olivia laughed at my cheesy joke. "Ha ha," Anna said dryly, "what does it really say?"

"It says 'Keep an eye out for sarcastic girls.'" Anna frowned at me. "Okay, okay," I said, "it really says 'Pleasurable activities are on the horizon.' Happy now?"

Anna's frown turned into a smile, but she didn't say anything. Olivia piped up, "Well we all got good ones, huh?"

*****

I didn't have to wait long for Anna's plan to get in motion. That very night, I closed the blinds in my bedroom, not wanting to give Anna a show as I undressed. But there was a small gap there, where if I wanted to, I could peek out and see across the yard. Anna's bedroom was dark and uninhabited at the moment.

I washed my sheets a few days ago, getting rid of the smell of girl juices. So tonight I laid in bed and went through some things on my phone, when I saw a faint glow from my window. Anna was in her room. I tried to fight it, but my curiosity won. I crawled out of bed and stepped up to the window, putting my eye at the gap in the blinds. Sure enough, Anna was there. My room was dark, so I was fairly sure she couldn't see my eyeball.

She rummaged around her new room for a few minutes, arranging things to her liking. Then, unceremoniously, she stripped her shirt from her body, followed by her white bra, and tossed the discarded clothes into a basket nearby. It was the first time I'd seen her small breasts without the use of video surveillance, so I was hypnotized. Her pert little nipples seemed to draw me in.

Anna then undid her shorts and let them fall to the ground, showing off her little white panties. I held my breath as she bent over to pick them up, and I examined her perfect little ass. I hoped she would remove the panties too, but instead she went to a dresser drawer and picked out a nightgown. She slipped it on over her body, then sat down on the bed. In a little while, turned off her light, and the show was over.

I left the window, realizing that I was rock-hard from watching her. I looked at the bed and shook my head. How could I possibly sleep after that? I did the only thing I could think of. I grabbed my tablet and pulled up Anna's masturbation videos again. I watched her work her vibrator in and out, watched her mouth open in gasps, and I jerked off for the third time to the sight of my hot young teenage neighbor.

*****

In the morning, I took another peek out the window. Anna's blinds were still open. In the daylight, with no lights on in her room, it was harder to see over there, but it looked like she wasn't there.

It was Monday, and I had to visit the office again, so I showered and dressed. Before I left the bedroom, however, I went to take another look. It was just in time to see Anna walking in, wrapped in a towel. From what I could tell, her hair was wet from the shower.

I knew I'd likely be late to work, but I couldn't not watch. I sat, hypnotized, as she puttered around the room. She pulled some clothes from her drawers, laying them on her bed. Then she dropped the towel, revealing her nude form, and I inhaled sharply. The view wasn't as clear as it had been the previous night, but I could make out the dark pink nipples of her chest. Her vulva looked hairless. I admired her nude figure until she slipped on her bra and panties. Then I left quickly, in order to make it to work on time.

*****

I stopped by Janet's desk before going into Bill's office. "How's Bob?" she asked. She was also a dog person.

"Just fine. Lazy and dopey as ever." We'd shared dog pictures with each other. Her terrier mix, Lolly, was energetic and quick, the antithesis of Bob. But at least they were both obedient and friendly.

I went into Bill's office and he immediately started praising me. "Good job in Phoenix, Grant. They want to see more."

"Thanks. Does this mean another trip?"

"Probably more than one. Can you go again next week?"

I thought about the project work. "Yeah, I think I'll have more ready by then."

Bill pointed back outside where Janet was sitting. "Great. I'll get Janet to set you up on the flight and hotel. You'll go Sunday night, okay? Spend two full days there this time."

I thought about Bob. "Okay. I'll get my neighbor to watch my dog."

*****

I arrived home around 2:00 to let Bob out. It was a sunny day, so I knew Anna would be outside even before I turned to look. "Hi Grant!" she called from her lawn chair.

"Hi Anna," I responded. I observed her in her bikini, showing lots of tan skin. Her bottoms were pink, but her top was white with pink flowers. I walked over in her direction. Bob waddled over to join us after he'd done his business.

"Would you mind taking care of Bob again?"

She sat up and grinned. "No problem! When?"

"Next week. I'll be out on another trip. Sunday night through Tuesday night."

"Of course. Bob and I have fun, don't we Bob?" she said, looking down at the dog. He laid down next to her chair, his face on the edge by her side. She gave his head a good rubbing.

"Great. I really appreciate it," I told her, and headed back to my own house. I didn't say anything out loud, but I wondered if she'd do naughty things in my house again. If she did, I'd want to see it. So, before I got back to work, I ordered another security camera, one with a microphone, and was pleased that it would arrive on or before Friday.

*****

I got two things of relevance in the mail on Thursday afternoon. One was the camera I'd ordered. The other was a letter from Linda. I was surprised it was from her. Usually, I got letters from the lawyer on her behalf, not from her directly. I carried them both inside, and I opened the letter right away, curious at what she wanted to say. It read:

'Dear Grant, I'm upset that you didn't want to talk to me the last time we saw each other, but I guess I understand. I'd like to be on more friendly terms with you. So, I've decided that I don't want any more increases in your alimony. But, in return, I'd like an olive branch from you too. I'd like to see Bob. If you can find it in your heart to let me visit with him, I will instruct my lawyer to stop seeking alimony increases. -Linda'

The nerve of that woman! I fumed, and crushed the letter in my hand. Bob was my dog. Mine! She never showed any interest in him at all, and now she's playing up her interest? Like a bribe, to stop getting more money? Fuck that monster.

I looked down at my other acquisition. Was I any less of a monster? I was about to set up a camera to spy on my teenage neighbor. I sought out some kind of justification. I needed a way to say that what I was doing was okay. So I didn't set the camera up yet.

*****

That night, I got dressed for bed in the dark, hoping to see if Anna's bedroom light went on again. I put on an old T-shirt from college, and a pair of comfortable gym shorts.

When I returned from brushing my teeth, her light was on. I snuck over to the window, and found my spy-hole in the blinds. I saw her laying on her bed, still fully clothed, writing in a book, possibly a diary. I watched her jot down some words, put her eraser to her mouth, then jotting something else. I watched her record her thoughts, then she closed the book and stuffed it under her mattress. Definitely a diary then, I thought. No reason to hide a book from your mother unless it contained your most secret thoughts.

Then she got up from the bed, and stretched. Her small tits pulled at the material of her shirt. Then she reached the lower hem of her shirt, and stripped it off, revealing her bra to me again. Then she removed that, showing me her pink nipples that stood straight out from her body. She rubbed her hands over them, slowly, gently. 'Holy shit', I thought. Was she doing that just for herself? Or was she showing off for me?

She stripped off her shorts and panties, and laid on her bed naked. From my point of view, I could now see clearly that her mound was clean-shaven. She reached into her bedside table and pulled out an object that I recognized as the vibrator she'd used in my house a week ago. She ran it over her little nipples, teasing them, making them stand straight up from her prone body.

Then she ran it down from her chest to her tender pussy. She spread her legs wide, and I was able to see it all. The light in her room made her juicy pussy glisten. She rubbed the vibrator on her clit, making her whole body shake with excitement. My body was shaking too. My dick was hard as a rock.

I was so mesmerized that I barely heard the breathing and muffled footsteps of Bob as he entered the bedroom. He usually slept on the floor between my bed and the door, so his appearance didn't surprise me. What did surprise me was what he did next.

I was closely watching Anna tease and toy with herself. Her eyes were wide open as she slid the vibrator inside of her wetness, working it in and out slowly. Just then, Bob headbutted my shin. My hand had been touching the wall next to the blinds, so the sudden impact made my hand graze the blinds, making them wiggle. I saw Anna suddenly sit up in her bed, aware of the motion.

I backed away from the window. Hopefully she wouldn't have seen. But I was sure she did. I could be in really big trouble now. I expected her light to go off, or her blinds to shut, but neither of those things happened. I got too curious. I went back to the window.

Peeking over, she was still on the bed, working her vibrator inside her wet lips. Her other hand was playing with one nipple, then the other. Then I saw her whole body clench up, and her hands stopped moving, and I knew she was climaxing. When she came down, she looked at the window and smiled. It was a knowing smile. She knew I was watching! I backed away from the window again.

My hard cock made it a little unusual to walk, but I made it around Bob's sleeping body into my bathroom. I replayed the whole thing in my mind. Anna touching herself, knowing I was there, and continuing anyway. Showing me her body and what she could do with it. I pumped my cock, imagining again her face as it came. I imagined jizzing on that cute teen face, and I released my cum all over the bathroom floor.

Understand this: I'd been married, and I'd had sex many times. I'd had sex before I was married with other women too. And I'd watched porn, of course. But this, tonight, was probably the hottest scene I'd ever seen. I thought about the new camera, still sitting on my kitchen counter. I was setting it up tomorrow.


