The Election
by FunKelly 

"HOW FAR WOULD YOU GO TO GET ELECTED"

The Election. Part 1

My name is Amber. I am a eighteen year old student at the "Oregon Academy of the Progressive Arts". The school is a small academy in rural Oregon, specializing in the subjects of 'Progressive Arts and Literature'. The academy is basically a one year continuing education program, for students that need an extra year between high school and college, to decide where best to pursue their basic interest and education. There are only five classes available at the academy. 1) Poetry. 2) Introduction to Novel Writing. 3) Journalism. 4) Painting and Sketching, along with, 5) Theatre. Both the 'Painting' and 'Drawing' classes included sessions of 'Life Modeling', and the theatre productions, more often than not, include full nudity.

Each class had a maximum of thirty pupils. After 150 students had been enrolled for the year, the registrations were closed. Most of the students were from different areas of the country, but some were local. Many chose 'The Academy', because their conservative parents couldn't understand their liberal world views, and needed to create some space between themselves and their parents. Many just wanted to attend 'The Academy' to experience the liberating freedom of such a progressive, non-judgmental atmosphere, while deciding what was the best career path for them. Having a full extra year, allowed many of the students, the time and opportunity, to also explore their sexual identities. I was enrolled in the Journalism program by my own choosing. I wanted to be a free-lance journalist and travel the world, but needed to take some time to assess my opportunities, while focusing on my future in journalism, and the academy seemed the best place to do that.

I arrived at the academy in late August, as did all of this year's students. Some today, some tomorrow, but all by the end of the week. 'The Academy' has only five buildings on the six acre campus, surrounded by miles of Oregon's forests, and six miles from the closets small town. There is the main building, which housed the administration office, the six main classrooms, art and theater studios, along with the cafeteria, auditorium and several social areas, for both the students and faculty. Two of the other buildings were the co-ed dormitory room buildings. The academy had a separate building where it housed many pre-constructed venues, for extra curricular activities and workshops. The sixth building was the gymnasium, used mostly for recreational purposes, I.E. basketball, volleyball, school sponsored dances, and so forth. The campus was so intimate, yet you always had this feeling that there were possibilities of a much larger experience.

I was checking in at registration, when I caught sight of a 'Notice' that read, "Anyone interested in running for "STUDENT BODY REPRESENTATIVE", must have their application submitted to the Dean of Students, Miss Sanchez, no later than Thursday morning at 11:00 a.m." I inquired about the notice, so the academy administrator, Carla, who I would later find out was a student at the school six years ago, but never left, offered to explain the duties of the 'Student Body Representative' to me. After a long and tedious summation of the role of the representative, I rushed to my own conclusion, and decided, "It was simple!" The person who held the position was simply the liaison, between the student body, and 'The Academy'' administration personnel and faculty.

I was the 'Senior Class President' of my high school back home. Granted, my high school class had only sixty eight students, but I figured the experience would make this position a cakewalk, if I was elected, I decided. The application was three pages of what I thought, was repetitious mumbo jumbo, so I started to sign the bottom of the third page, when Carla said, "Amber. Perhaps you should take this back to your dorm room, and read it before you apply". I ignored Carla's advise, signed my name to the application, thinking, "I got this", then said, "Wish me luck Carla", as I took some academy brochures, and a full color, 100 page special edition, "Oregon Academy of Progressive Arts", introduction magazine, and headed up to my dorm room to unpack and get settled in.

I was unpacked, and had made myself a comfortable little sanctuary, on my side of the dorm room, knowing my roommate would not be arriving until the next day. I was having a few cocktails, mixed with some liquor I had packed in my luggage, along with some soda, I got from a school vending machine. I sat back in a comfortable chair, one of two that were provided with the room, then started going through the high quality, full color 'Academy Magazine, I had picked up earlier. I was mesmerized, as I scanned through the pages of the magazine, which displayed fully nude students, in a variety of situations.

Everything from full page color photos of life model classes, both indoors and out, to photos of the fully nude actors, performing in some of the theatrical productions, on the stage in the school auditorium. There were even photos of individual students, totally naked, right there in the hallways of the school, while everyone around them were fully clothed. I always wondered how people got themselves into those situations, as I spent hours looking at "Only One Naked" and "Nude in Public", websites at home, while I fantasized about what it would be like. I went back to page one, and started reading the magazine, cover to cover. The first few pages were an introduction to 'The Academy', and it's available course studies, including photos of classroom activities and general day to day events, as you would expect from any higher learning institute.

It wasn't until I turned to page six, that I realized how progressive the academy truly was. Right there, among several other photos, was a picture of Carla. She was stark naked! I couldn't believe my eyes, as I studied the photograph. There she was, totally naked and just sitting there among seven other fully dressed students, in some sort of a focus group, looking as casual an nonchalant, as if she were fully clothed herself. She was sitting in a chair, her feet about a foot and a half apart, leaning over a bit as her elbows rested on her knees, leaving nothing to the imagination. Her size "C" breasts were in an unobstructed view, and you could even see she had a clean shaven pussy. I spent countless hours visiting my favorite "OON" and "NIP" sites, but now I had met a woman, who must have experienced the 'Shame' and 'Humiliation', that must have to ensue, when one has been put in such a vulnerable situation, regardless of how it came about.

Under the photo was a caption, that read, "Carla celebrates her birthday at 'The Academy', wearing only her 'Birthday Suit' in 2015". I was absolutely stunned! At the bottom of the page was a paragraph that read, "Although it is not required, students and staff at the "Oregon Academy of the Progressive Arts", are welcome to celebrate their birthdays in the nude, if they so choose. How special it is, as you go through your daily routine, to have everyone wishing you a, "Happy Birthday", without you having to announce it. Students are invited and encouraged to enjoy this long held tradition, on 'Their' special day.".....The only thought that was running through my mind at that moment was, "My birthday is November 6th, and I'll be nineteen years old", as I felt myself becoming completely aroused and moist, between my legs.

Everyone has had that dream where they are naked, and no one else around is. More often than not, I wake with two fingers inserted into my pussy, when I have that dream. I then let my imagination run wild, as I masturbate myself to some of my most satisfyingly orgasms, but never would I have imagined that I would be in a place where it is not only permitted, but encouraged. My first instinct was to get naked and read the rest of the magazine, but I was compelled to go back to the administration office, and see Carla. All I needed was some reason to return. Some reason. Any reason. I know! The election!


The Election. Part 2

Each dorm room has their own 1/2 bath with a sink and toilet, so I quickly brushed my teeth to get rid of the smell of alcohol, then headed back down to the administration office. It was Monday afternoon about 2:00. I knew based on the posted schedule I saw earlier, Carla would be there until 4:00. When I arrived, Carla was taking care of some other students who were checking in, so I waited out in the hallway, until she was alone. I entered the office after the others had left, trying to come up with a single question concerning the election, but my mind was blank. You'd think I would have had a dozen questions, but I was so distracted by the idea about being naked among others who were fully clothed, I couldn't think of one.

I approached the counter, still trying to come up with a believable question concerning the election, when Carla said, "Hi Amber. Back so soon?" I cleared my throat as I fumbled with my thoughts and my words, then finally mustered up the question, "About the election ?" Carla looked at me and said, "Amber. We'll get to your questions about the election in a minute, but first tell me why you're really here". I was unable to respond, when she leaned across the counter, and said, "You saw my picture on page six of the magazine, didn't you ? I noticed you took a copy with you earlier". My eyes became wide open, as I shook my head, "Yes". Carla, enthusiastically continued, "Girl! Let me tell you. IT WAS A RUSH !"

"Amber. You know that dream we all have about being naked, among a bunch of people who are dressed?", she asked. I again nodded my head "Yes", wondering how this woman seem to know what I was thinking. "Well girl, let me tell you, in real life the experience is so much more intense and exhilarating, than you could ever have imagined. It's much more humiliating and ignominious too, but it's worth it. When you are standing there totally naked, in an environment where everyone else around you has clothes on, yet they all seem to be oblivious to your nakedness, or at least pretending to be, you feel utterly exposed, totally humiliated, somewhat empowered, and extremely vulnerable, all at the same time. It is such an extraordinary sensation".

Carla looked at me, as she continued to promote the gratification and fulfillment, of participating in such a taboo indulgence, like being 'The Only One Naked' in a crowd." Amber, my first time was on my 19th birthday, October 5th, 2015. and classes had only been in session for five weeks. There had been several students who celebrated their birthdays in this tradition, both male and female, before my birthday came around. Some were at ease, while others seemed apprehensive, yet decided to try it anyway. Most were pretty relaxed and comfortable in their nakedness by the second or third hour of their adventure, and all remained nude for the entire day, not willing to cut short the euphoric feeling, regardless of the complete shame and humiliation that came with it".

"Speaking from personal experience", she continued, "The anxiety and nervousness that you feel when you first step out of your dorm room into the hallway, wearing nothing but your birthday suit, soon gives way to feelings of stimulation, exhilaration, and most important, a strange sense of confidence, that can only be realized by engaging in such a socially unaccepted activity. Well...Unaccepted elsewhere, but not here. It's encouraged here. When everyone starts wishing you "Happy Birthday" when they see you're naked, you feel so special. I really like this job Amber, but I 'Love it!' on my birthday. Having people walk in, see me naked and say, "Oh, happy birthday Carla", is such a rush. When I'm behind the counter, people can only see my tits, so I usually find a reason to come around from behind the counter, so they can see my ass and pussy as well. Like I said, "It's a Rush!"

"Now. About the election", Carla continued. "First....If your application is accepted, and you become a sanctioned candidate, you will be notified by the 'Dean of Students', Miss Sanchez. Only two applications will be sanctioned for the election. Second....You must use the academy website to campaign during the election process. It is also the best platform available to the candidates, to present their positions, on an array of subjects, listed on the website's "Student Body Representative Election" tab. Amber. You must get yourself familiar with that section of the academy's website. Third....There are 150 students at 'The Academy' each year, therefor you must receive a majority of 76 votes to win".

I paid close attention, as Carla continued giving me the election procedures. "The election takes place at 1:00 p.m. on the 4th Tuesday of September, in the auditorium. The two candidate will be seated on either side of the stage, while Miss Sanchez will monitor the event from her podium at center stage. Both candidates will have only three minutes for their final campaign message, then they take their seats as the voting process begins. Votes are not anonymous, rather each student will have a pre-assigned number chosen in advance by lottery, along with a blue peg, supplied by 'The Academy'. They will come up on the stage in order, with their blue wooden peg.

There will be two peg boards on the stage. One placed next to each of the candidates. The peg boards are numbered from top to bottom, ending with the the number 76. The students will then approach their chosen candidate, and cast their vote by placing their peg, into the next available numbered hole in the peg board, of the candidate of their choice. The first candidate to have all 76 holes in their peg board filled, wins the election, and the office of "Student Body Representative", and all of the benefits that come with the office".

I thanked Carla for explaining the the election procedures, but felt it better not to ask about the benefits she mentioned. If I was chosen as one of the two sanctioned candidates, I figured there would be time to find out what she was referring too. I was leaving the office when Carla said, "Amber. Here", as she handed me a sealed envelope. "What's this?", I asked. "It's just a photo copy of your application", she replied. "We're required to see you have your own copy. It's no big deal", she casually replied. "There are thirty eight students checked in now, Amber. Why don't you have a look around, and I'm sure you'll meet some new friends", Carla said, as she returned to her work in the office. "Thanks, Carla", I called out, as I left the office.

After exiting the main building, I made a bee-line back to my dorm room, anxious to get back to reading the academy magazine. Each dorm building had three floors. Each floor had 13 dorm rooms, a laundry room, male and female showers and a general gathering room equipped with a big screen T.V. and vending machines. With two students to a room, each building could house 78 students. My dorm room was on the third floor of building "A". As I ran up the stairs to my floor, I was planning on making another cocktail, stripping the clothes of my 5'4", 115 pound physique, playing with my size "B" breasts and run my fingers through the well trimmed brunette pubic hair on my pussy. That was until I noticed something outside, from the window of my dorm room.

At first I was just curious about the other students attending 'The Academy'. I saw two female students standing out on the grass, as three guys and another girl were approaching them. One of the girls was dressed in jeans and a T-shirt, and setting up an artist's easel, while the other, smaller girl was wearing a large men's T-shirt. It looked as though that was all she had on, but the shirt came down to her mid thigh, so I figured she must have some short shorts on underneath it. The other four students reached the two girls, and were apparently introducing themselves. By the way the girl in the jeans was pointing around to different buildings and areas, I assumed she was giving the new-comers the layout of the campus.

The smaller girl was also talking with the three guys and the girl, when all of a sudden she pulled the T-shirt up and over her head, leaving her standing there "COMPLETELY NAKED!". The girl was standing out on the lawn of the campus, talking with her friends and what I presumed were new students and total strangers to her, "COMPLETELY NAKED!" I couldn't believe my eyes! I watched as the six of them talked for another five minutes, then the four went on their way, as the smaller girl struck a pose on the lawn, while her friend in the jeans, started to draw her figure on a pad placed on the easel. I was Just about 3:00 p.m. I quickly made a cocktail, as I thought about how casual and nonchalant the naked girl was during the entire encounter. I was soaking wet.


The Election. Part 3

I picked up the academy magazine and immediately turned to page 6, so I could once again study the naked photo of Carla, while coming to terms with this most unusual of traditions. She appeared so exuberant, yet uncommonly at ease and completely content, as she celebrated her 19th birthday totally naked, at the academy. I then turned to page 7 of the magazine. Sitting in the chair, I started to read the magazine, while keeping one eye on the self imposed naked life model outside my window. The next ten pages of the magazine were dedicated mostly to the promotion of the academic values of 'The Academy'. Stories and testimonials from academy alumni, along with photos of students in class rooms, work shops, etc. were strategically compiled to advance the academic benefits and progressive ideas, of 'The Academy'.

There seemed to be an underlying theme that proselytized the ideas that hard work, along with personal self expression, combined with a total lack of inhibition, could help one succeed in their life's endeavors. I looked out my window to see the little girl who was posing naked on the campus lawn. She was still naked, and not displaying the slightest trace of humility, as other students passed by, while some stopped to chat. Feeling sexually aroused, as I watched her, I turned to the Academy Magazine. That's when I realized the magazine was chronologically organized. First was the 'Attitude' of 'The Academy', followed by the 'Mission' of 'The Academy'. After the mission was a section dedicated to the first official holiday of the season. Halloween!

Six pages! Yes! Six pages were dedicated to the holiday of Halloween! The pages were filled with photographs of the holiday spectacle, as it was celebrated at 'The Academy' in recent years. There were at least thirty students who had chosen the option of 'Body Paint' verses a real costume, to celebrate the holiday. Both male and female (mostly female) students stood naked on sheets that were spread out on the gymnasium floor having their naked bodies painted by others, while students and faculty members were on hand, simply as spectators of the event. Some students had already received their body paint, while others were being painted, yet still others were standing there totally naked, waiting their turn to have their Halloween costumes painted on their bare skin.

The scene depicted in the dozens of photos located in the six page segment of the magazine, seemed so erotic to me, yet all those student choosing to attend their classes on Halloween, wearing nothing but body paint, appeared so carefree, if not completely indifferent to their circumstances. Their costumes came in an array of designs and colors. Some had super hero uniforms painted on them, while others chose everything from painted English ivy or floral patterns to musical notes painted in plain black. There was even a mermaid. The paint was applied in many different levels. Some were completely covered from head to toe, while others had such a small amount of body paint, they may as well have just spent the day in the nude. If you can imaging it, these students had it painted on their naked bodies.

The accompanying article explained how students and faculty members wore costumes on Halloween during the day, and had a party in the gymnasium that evening. The gymnasium was open and ready for the body painting event at 6:00 am, so students could all be painted and in their respective curriculum courses by 9:00 am. The captions below the photos were worded in such a casual manner, as they described the images, you would think that public nudity was a completely socially accepted practice anywhere and everywhere. However, as much as it was actually promoted at the extremely progressive academy, it wasn't accepted in most of society.

I had planned on reading the magazine from cover to cover during the afternoon, but as 4:00 was approaching, I decided to take a shower and explore the campus. By the time I was finished with my shower, I looked back out my window. The one girl was still stark naked, standing on the grass and obviously no longer posing, while her friend seemed to be gathering her art supplies. The naked girl had 'Zero' urgency to cover up her naked little frame. ZERO! I was trying to come to grips with her casual attitude about her public nudity. Yes, I have masturbated many times while fantasizing about myself in a 'Nude in Public' or 'Only One Naked' scenario, but that's in my fantasies, not in the real world.

I had put my bra and white cotton panties on, then chose my favorite yellow sundress for my campus exploration. As I was putting on the dress, I noticed the two girls on the lawn outside my window, were now interacting with several other students. The smaller girl was now holding her T-shirt, but making no attempt to put it on. All I could think was, "I hope I can develop that kind of courage or insouciance, whichever it was she possessed, before my birthday on November 4th. I so wanted to be able to celebrate my birthday in the nude, now that I knew it was not only permitted, but encouraged. I also wanted to actually know how it feels to be naked in a public venue, but never thought I could get myself to go through with it.

I looked at myself in the mirror, then finished my cocktail. I wasn't drunk, but had a nice buzz. Maybe it was the alcohol, or maybe the girl outside my window had inspired me, I didn't know. All I knew was that I reached up the back of my dress, unclasped my bra, slid the straps over my arms and let it fall to the floor. I picked up the bra and through it on my bed, then slipped my feet into my sandals and left my room, before I changed my mind. It was not as if my small "B" sized breasts would really be noticed, but I felt somewhat liberated and a bit naughty, as I made my way down the stairs to the first floor of the dorm building.

I crossed paths with several other students, as we all were getting familiar with our new surroundings. I neither pushed my chest out to reveal I was not wearing a bra, nor did I suck it in, out of fear that someone might notice. "I was at the most progressive one year continuing education academy in the state of Oregon. I could go without wearing a bra if I wanted too", I said to myself. By this time, the naked model girl had put her T-shirt back on, and was walking toward the door of Dorm Build "B" with her friend. Knowing she had nothing on under the T-shirt seemed so salacious to me, that I felt my nipples getting hard. I was now past Dorm Building "B", heading towards the main campus building, when I started feeling slightly exposed, and concerned someone might notice my hard nipples against the thin material of my yellow sundress.

I decided to walk across the lawn towards the gymnasium in order to avoid others, until my nipples relaxed a bit. I made it to the gymnasium without running into anyone and walked inside to see the location where the Halloween body painting event would be held. The gym seemed deserted, so I made my way around, picturing myself being totally naked and having my body painted, as over fifty clothed spectators were watching. I walked to the shower area at the far end of the gym, just to check it out. My investigation came to an unexpected conclusion. There was only "ONE SHOWER AREA!"...."ONE"....One very large co-ed shower area!

On either side of the hallway through the double doors that exited the gymnasium floor, were two doors. One on the far right and the other on the far left. One led to the men's locker area, and the other to the women's. I entered the lady's room to find toilet stalls, sinks and lockers. I then went through the door that lead to the showers. While checking out the shower area, I noticed there was another door on the other side. I cracked the door open and peeked into the adjacent space, and realized I was looking into the men's room and locker area. The male and female students must be expected to shower together if they were participating in the same event, like volley ball or basketball, I surmised. I couldn't believe it! I searched the lady's area for another shower location, but there was none. There was only one shower area for both sexes.

I left the shower area, no longer wondering how progressive this academy really was. It took the idea of 'Progressiveness', to a whole new level. I was both shocked and intrigued, as I made my way along the opposite side of the gymnasium, from the side I had entered. Half way down the gym floor was a ten foot break in the row of bleachers. That's when I was startled by a male voice, that said, "Hello". I turned to see who was there, when my eyes fell on the most ethereal embodiment of a mortal, I had ever seen. "Hello", he repeated, as I was unable to respond, only ogle his perfect form.

The young man was standing on a yoga mat, wearing nothing but a skimpy little rainbow colored speedo. His skin was olive in color, and his physique perfectly toned, but not like some grotesques body builder. He didn't have any visible stubble of hair on his body, except for the adorable black curly locks on his head. His smile could only be described as captivating, as he was in what I would later find out was a triangle yoga pose. "I'm Elliot", he said. "I would ask you if you're new here, but we're all new here", he continued, as his smile had me melting in my sandals. I was spellbound as I gawked at his perfect form, standing there with feet spread apart and arms held straight from his sides, wearing only the tiny speedo and a pair of studded earrings. His flip flops were placed neatly by the bleachers, and I noticed there were no other articles of clothing around. Elliot must have come to the gym wearing nothing but the tiny speedo and carrying his yoga mat. I was transfixed, as he confidently held his pose, waiting for me to respond.


The Election. Part 4

After a moment of awkward silence, Elliot asked, "Do you have a name?", as he leaned to his right, touching the floor with his hand, but not moving his feet or bending his knees, only bending at the waist, during the difficult yoga exercise. I don't know why, but I was the only one of us that was embarrassed. He was totally relaxed and self-assured wearing only that tiny rainbow speedo, while I stuttered, then finally was able to mumbled the name, "Amber". "Well Amber. Have you ever tried yoga ?", Elliot asked. Desperately trying not to stare at his scantly covered manhood, I replied, "No". "You should you know. It's an amazing way to de-stress and find your inner self", he said, now leaning in the other direction.

"Maybe sometime", I replied. "Why not now?, he asked. "Now? I can't try yoga now! I'm not dressed for it", I asserted. "Sure you are", he replied. "Just remove your dress, and I'll show you some beginner stretching exercises. It's very therapeutic", he went on. I'm not taking off my dress", I insisted. "Besides. I'm only wearing panties under it". "So. I'm only wearing this speedo", he responded, taking a break from his yoga to walk over to me. Knowing Elliot was gay, made me worry I might succumb to his suggestions, more so than if he were straight. As he came closer, I got flustered and turned towards the door of the gymnasium that I had entered, and said, "I have to go", then headed for the door.

It was not Elliot I didn't trust. It was myself. In truth, I wanted to kick off my sandals, pull off my dress and stand before him wearing only my panties, which were drenched by now. I wanted to feel his hands on my almost naked body, as he helped me into the beginner poses he had mentioned. Not only would I have not minded him noticing the large wet spot on my panties, from the excitement of seeing him in that tiny rainbow speedo, but I don't think I would have cared if he had mentioned it. I was soaking wet between my legs, and had to get out of there, before I surrendered to my own sexual urges.

I ran for the door, calling out, "I'm sorry Elliot. I have to get back to my dorm", as I exited the gymnasium and made my way back to the safety of my dorm room, relieved that my roommate was not due in for two more days. I kicked of my sandals, pulled my sundress off over my head, then pulled down my saturated white cotton panties and stepped out of them. I laid on my bed and proceeded to masturbate to the idea, or fantasy if you like, of Elliot wearing only his rainbow speedo, while giving yoga instructions to a fully clothed class. I of course was the naked model, demonstrating the poses for the class. In my fantasy, Elliot had me take the most provocative poses in all of yoga, often inviting the class to come close up to see and understand the individual posses and their restorative benefits. All I knew was the mixed emotions of shame, humiliation and sexual stimulation, were intoxicating.

After I had worked my pussy to a most satisfying orgasm during my fantasy, I had to remind myself it was just that. "A fantasy", and not something I should truly desire, or pursue to actual fruition. By this time, it was barely a few minutes after five, and I was bored. I made my third cocktail of the afternoon, and downed it quickly. I then put on a clean pair of panties, stepped back into my sandals and put my yellow sundress back on, leaving my bra on the bed. I was leaving my dorm room, on my way to the gathering room on our floor, so see if anyone else was around. As I walked out of my room, the door of the adjacent dorm room opened.

Their standing in the hallway was that gorgeous specimen of a man, Elliot, still wearing nothing but his tiny rainbow colored speedo. Oh Amber", he said, displaying his beautiful smile. "Aren't you the shy one", he continued. I looked at him with an expression of apology, and said, "I'm sorry I just ran off like that, Elliot. I come from a small mid-western town, and this is all kind of new to me". "What's kind of new?", he asked. I replied, "You know. People celebrating their birthdays by spending the day, and attending their classes in the nude. Earlier, there was a girl modeling for an artist totally naked, right out in the open on the campus lawn". Unable to pry my eyes from his crotch, I paused to carefully choose my words, when Elliot interrupted and said, "And me walking around in just my swim suit ?"

Elliot looked down at his own crotch area, and said, "It's what I always wear when I go the the beach, pool parties, or when I'm practicing yoga. Does it offend you?" "No. No!" I exclaimed. "I think you look fantastic!", sounding a little too exuberant. Elliot smiled again, and appeared to be blushing a bit. What he would suggest next, would have me breaking barriers I thought would never be broken. "Lift up your dress", he instructed. "What?", I asked. He repeated his request, "Lift up your dress". For the life of me, I have no idea why I complied, but I lifted my dress, exposing my panties. "Aaahhh. White cotton panties. You are a mid-western, small town girl", he said. "Well, 'Mid-Western Small Town Girl', how about you escorting this 'West Coast Liberal Yoga Instructor' to the garden and green houses out back, so I can pick come fresh tomatoes?", as he held out his arm in true gentlemanly fashion.

I let go of the hem of my dress, and took Elliot's arm, as we both felt a new friendship blossoming, then headed for the garden area. We passed several other students on the staircase to the first floor, no doubt unpacking or just settling in, yet Elliot remained completely unfazed. On the way to the garden, we must have passed at least twenty other students or faculty members, yet I didn't observe a single facial expression displaying disapproval, or even the slightest bit of curiosity. I was amazed! Elliot asked several questions about me, and my life back home, seemingly in an attempt to truly get to know and understand, the young girl in the yellow cotton sundress.

During our walk to the garden, Elliot learned I was at 'The Academy' to study 'Journalism', and I learned he was there to study 'Theatre'. We entered the largest of three greenhouses on the well manicured compound, to find a woman in her mid to late forties there. "Good afternoon Elliot", she said. "Hello Sarah", he reciprocated, as she walked over to us. "Nice to see your dressed, Elliot", she said, with a bit of tongue in cheek irony in her tone. "Who's your girlfriend?", she asked. Before Elliot could respond, the woman looked at me, and said, Yesterday, while I was taking my daily walk back to the stream, that flows along the back border of the campus, I found this young fellow, stretched out on the grass, sunbathing completely naked. I can attest to the fact that his entire body is clean shaven and without the slightest trace of stubble".

I stood there stunned that Sarah announced her observation, but not surprised that Elliot was completely clean shaven all over his entire body. He just laughed, and said, "You're just trying to embarrass me, Sarah". "Elliot", she replied. "I don't think you can be embarrassed. Now, what can I get you dear ? Oh, and don't tell me. You'll need to put in on your tab, assuming you don't have your wallet tucked in there, anywhere", as she blatantly stared at Elliot's speedo. "You're the best, Sarah", Elliot said, as he made his way through the greenhouse to pick out his tomatoes.

Sarah watched Elliot, as he walked away, and said, "He's such a sweet boy, and a dreamboat too". "Dreamboat ? Dreamboat ? Who uses that word anymore?", I thought to myself, as Sarah turned to me. "So. What is your name sweetheart?" "Amber", I replied. "Well Amber. Elliot arrived last week, and has been coming here morning, noon and evening to get his fruits and vegetables. He's definitely taking care of that magnificent body of his", she said. It seemed so weird that a woman of Sarah's age, was so enamored with Elliot's physique, but I could not disagree with her assessment of his physical attributes.


The Election. Part 5

Sarah returned to a small antique wooden desk placed in a corner of the greenhouse, near the entrance. It held an antiquated cash register, along with what appeared to be some sort of old ledgers. I on the other hand, was focused on Elliot, as he made his way around the greenhouse. I watched as he walked up and down the different isles of the warm and humid space, meticulously studying the fruits and vegetables, before choosing which ones to purchase. His perfectly toned butt cheeks were stretching the fabric of his tiny speedo to its limits, as my second pair of white cotton panties were becoming damp. While in Elliot's company, I felt constantly aroused, yet somehow relaxed and at ease, at the same time.

I made my way over to where Sarah was standing behind the antique desk, but didn't instigate any further conversation between us. It was obvious that we were both captivated by Elliot's almost naked physique. He walked up to the antique desk, and showed Sarah the items he had chosen, so she could keep an accurate tab of his purchases. She counted each of the fruits and vegetables in Elliot's brown paper bag, then made a record of the purchased items, in one of the old ledger books. Elliot and I turned to head back to our dorm building, when Sarah said, "Just a moment young man!" Elliot and I stopped in our tracks. I was petrified, yet Elliot seemed strangely aware of what was about to happen.

He walked up to Sarah, and asked, "Yes Sarah ?" She pulled out the waistband of his tiny speedo, then looked down at his penis, and said, "Just making sure you're not steeling anything". While Sarah was still holding out the waistband of Elliot's speedo, he casually asked, "Do you see anything that belongs to you Sarah ?", never flinching for a moment. Elliot was full of confidence, as he looked Sarah in the eyes, waiting for a response. "SNAP!". Sarah released the waistband of the rainbow colored speedo, and said, "Put some clothes on and come back and pay off your tab". Elliot leaned over, kissed Sarah on the cheek, and said, "You know I will. Sarah...You're the best", he repeated, as he rejoined me, and we headed back towards the dorm building.

Witnessing Elliot's casual demeanor towards Sarah, as she was obviously using him for her own sexual stimulation, made me appreciate his uninhibited attitude concerning his manhood, not to mention his willingness to engage in public nudity, no matter where he was or who was there. You talk about conviction in one's beliefs! This striking young man had both confidence and conviction, towards his personal inclination to be naked, or almost naked in public. As we walked to the dorm building, I was completely taken back by the nonchalant attitude people seemed to have concerning public nudity, yet I was the one who had chosen 'The Academy' for their progressive ideas. I found myself increasingly self-conscious with the idea of being naked in front of clothed people, no matter how much I fantasized about it.

Elliot and I walked passed some other students on our way back to the dorm rooms. There were some guys, but
mostly female students, who waved and called out, "Hello Elliot". He waved back and acknowledged them, out of what seemed to be common courtesy, but appeared to be preoccupied, as we continued to walk across the campus lawn. We were only steps from the front door of our dorm building, when Elliot turned to me, and asked, "What do you say I run these (referring to the fruits and vegetables) up to my room, and we go down to the stream ?" I looked at Elliot with a bewildered expression, when he continued, "There's a nice place where the stream widens to an area large enough to take a swim. I love going there. In fact, that's where Sarah found me sunbathing".

Before I could respond, Elliot said, "Wait here. I'll be right back", as he went into the dorm building, ran up the stairs to his third floor dorm room, to drop off his fruits and vegetables. He returned in less than a minute, grabbed my hand, and said, "Let's Go". I blindly followed the gay man, wearing nothing but his rainbow colored speedo, across the campus lawn and to a trail that led to the area he had spoken about. When we arrived, Elliot jumped right into the water, and called out, "Come on in, Amber". I looked at him, and said, "Elliot! You know I'm not wearing a bathing suit!" "So. Take of your dress and swim in your panties", was his response.

I looked at him, and asked a question I already knew the answer to, but had to hear it from him. "Elliot. Are you gay?" He replied, "Yes. Is that a problem for you?" "No", I replied. "I just don't understand why you are always trying to get me to take off my clothes, especially since we barely know each other". His reply would have me searching for my own personal identity. "I'm not trying to get you to take your clothes off, Amber. I'm trying to help you let your inner persona out in the open". I looked around, kicked off my sandals, pulled my sundress over my head, and jumped into the water wearing nothing but my white cotton panties.

Elliot asked, "Well how does it feel?" "Cold", I replied, as I stood up in the shallow water, exposing my erect nipples. "I figured you didn't shave your pussy", he said, while laughing and laying on his back in the water. I looked down to see my cotton panties had become practically transparent in the water, revealing my brunette pubic hair. "Elliot!", I complained, fighting the urge to cover my almost naked body. Knowing Elliot would only take advantage of my shame and humiliation if I showed the slightest bit of modesty, I stood there on display for him, feeling like I had taken a giant step towards my own self assertiveness.

After our swim, I put my dress on over my wet body, divulging that there were only two articles of clothing keeping me from total nakedness. I tried to slow walk on our way back to the dorm building, hoping the damp dress caused by my wet body, would dry enough to keep me from being exposed to others at the school. As we neared the school, we were stopped by a female student who said, "Hello Elliot. Enjoy your swim?", then turned to me, and said, "Hi. I'm Caroline", as she smiled. I replied, "I'm Amber", returning a smile. She was on her way almost as soon as she appeared, and Elliot and I went back to our dorm rooms.

The next two days, while the rest of the students arrived and settled in at 'The Academy', I focused on the school's history, class curriculum and the duties of the Student Body Representative. I was determined to prepare myself, if I were chosen as one of the two candidates, to run an aggressive but fair and friendly campaign. Having enrolled in journalism, I knew the position may gain me access to areas otherwise not available, which might be helpful with my studies. With Thursday being the opening day for classes, I spent most of the next two days, either in my dorm room preparing, or getting to know the entire campus intimately.

