My Sisters and Me
by Drew

After the best (extended) birthday of my life, I was happy to welcome home my mom, Katie, and Maddy at the airport.

Both my sisters gave me exaggerated, enthusiastic hugs, though I noticed Katie side eying Maddy when her younger sis gave her embrace. Prior to going to California, Katie thought she had the game by the balls. Now, suspicion and doubt crept back in. She clearly, at the very least, considered that I may have been on the receiving end of Maddy’s video.

As far as Maddy goes, I was pleased with her reaction to getting caught dancing for me. If she was still indoctrinated by her youth pastor, we’d be done. But instead, there were a lot of “OH MY GOD LOLOLOL”, “Drew we HAVE to stop hahahah”, “Next time I’m barricading the door!” type of texts from her that lead me to think she took it in stride.

Mom didn’t seem too angry, according to Maddy. Perhaps she thought her daughter was sending videos to this “mystery boy” that Mom had made up in her mind. I guess she only cared if Maddy was being slutty around her older brother (understandable). Or maybe, she didn’t want to spend the last month of Maddy’s occupancy arguing with her. Probably the latter.

It was full steam ahead as we neared Uncle Jim’s wedding. Maddy had ended up being allowed to invite both Ara and Kenzie, as Uncle Jim made the same joke I had about none of his sons bringing any dates - or any of our other cousins for that matter. He said there would be plenty of space and room for one more guest.

Katie didn’t like this, obviously. Once she found out she promptly announced that she would be bringing Amy to the wedding as well.

“Katie, no!” Mom shouted at her. “We’re not taking advantage of Jim’s kindness and you already have Jordan. Why do you wanna announce to the whole family that your date is a farce by bringing another girl along?”

“See, that’s all you care about! ‘What will the family will think’….WHO cares!? Amy’s a blast and she’s the reason I’ve made it so far at my job. It’s called networking Mom!”

“She’s not coming! You’ll survive without her,” Mom said.

“The only reason you asked Jim if Maddy could bring another friend is cause you didn’t want Maddy looking like a lezzzzzbooo!” Katie said the last word in her ‘spooky’ voice.

“That’s not true! Will you get off that?! I don’t care if you guys date a girl, or a guy, or even….one of those trans!”

“Mom!” Maddy appeared out of nowhere. “They’re people, Mom,” she laughed. “Not…’one of those’…”

Katie began laughing as well and soon all three of them were laughing.

“I know, I know, I’m sorry,” Mom wiped a tear that had arisen due to laughter. “Katie, I’m sorry. But I really don’t think you should bring another friend. If you ABSOLUTELY have to, I’ll ask Jim for you. But if you’re just doing this because Maddy was allowed three friends, please reconsider? For me? Please?”

Katie smirked and glanced at me, and then at Maddy. “Okay, fine. Amy doesn’t have to come.”

Mom let out a sigh. “Thank you.”

Katie walked out of the room. “I don’t want Amy seeing the shit our family gets up to anyway,” she muttered.

“I heard that!” Mom yelled after her.

“Sorry Mom!”

***

Maddy and Mom were off to buy dresses together. Once again, I received snaps of every outfit, asking my opinion. I even got a bra and booty short shot at the end with Maddy sticking her tongue out at me. I gave her my honest opinion this time, and she decided upon a sky blue dress that made her eyes pop stunningly.

Katie decided to go dress shopping with Kelly. She, also, had stepped up her Snapchat game ever since the pic she sent me in California. She wasn’t asking for my opinion though, just showing off.

Kelly sent me a pic of her dress, just like I asked, but she wasn’t wearing it in the pic. It’s funny, of the three girls I was “talking to”, the one who wasn’t related to me was the most conservative and least daring when it came to sending pics and sexting. Who’d have thought.

I went online to find a tie that matched Kelly’s light green dress. We were gonna look great together. While doing so, a text message popped up on my phone. It was from Maddy.

“Drew, u wanna come up to my room?” It read.

I wasn’t even aware she was home. Mom’s car was gone, but perhaps she had dropped Maddy off after shopping. I walked up the stairs. Maddy was sitting on her bed, wearing a royal blue t-shirt and a pair of cotton shorts. She looked up and greeted me.

“Shut the door,” she said.

“Is….anyone else home?” I asked.

“No…you can leave it creaked open, actually,” she said, waving at the door. “Come here, I wanna talk.”

Oh boy, here we go again. ‘We’re brother and sister and can’t do this blah blah blah’

“Drew, I wanted to tell you - and you’re the first person I’m telling,” she started. “I’ve decided I’m gonna go to Stanford in the fall,” she let out a deep breath.

My heart sank, but I knew this was coming. Plus, what was I hoping for? That we would continue this dirty dance forever?

“That’s great Maddy, I really mean it,” and I truthfully was happy for her. “You’re gonna love it out there!” I gave her a hug. When I let go, I saw her eyes were watery. “What’s wrong?”

“I’m just really gonna miss you…and everyone else here! A part of me was hoping you’d ask to come out there with me haha,” she said wiping her eyes.

“That’d be awesome…” my mind began to race with thoughts of what it would actually be like going out to California with Maddy. We’d certainly have a lot of fun…but in the end, I’d be holding her back. We’d be holding each other back. “But you know that wouldn’t be good for either of us.”
Maddy nodded at me. “I know.”

“But hey! Think how exciting it will be when you come back home! Or when I fly out there to visit!”

“Yeah, that’s true! I’ve already started looking at what my schedule will be like. Definitely will be back Thanksgiving and Christmas, obviously, but there’s also a sibs weekend in early October that you should come to!”

“Definitely will save that weekend,” I smiled at her. We looked into each other’s eyes for a moment. She leaned in closer. Are we really doing this again? Even closer…she had shut her eyes. Ohhh boy. Maddy kissed me. And now, it was on.

The two of us began passionately making out and I felt her tongue tease my lips before finding its way into my throat. She began softly gnawing on my bottom lip, causing it to quiver. I was already hard. We were like two feral cats in heat.

Maddy backed away from me and ripped her shirt off the top of her head, exposing her light-yellow bra. Her tears were gone and she now gave me that seductive look that I was getting accustomed to. I took my own shirt off, and she began caressing my chest.

I kissed her neck and reached my hand around her back. I snapped her bra off with ease, and she let it slide off the front of her chest, freeing her gorgeous perky tits. I went straight to those pink, puffy nips and began sucking on them as she moaned.

I kissed my way down her toned stomach and grasped hold of her cotton shorts. She lifted her pelvis up and I slid the shorts off her body. It was the second time I saw her sexy booty shorts today, but this time, it was in person.

Maddy kneeled back up and began struggling with my jeans. I laughed, and batted her hands away to attempt to get them off myself, but I also struggled.

“Please hurry….I haven’t been able to stop thinking about it,” she whispered in between breaths. And my God, I can’t believe I didn’t cum in my pants right there.

I somehow regained my composure, and unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans and pulled them off. Maddy went straight to my briefs and swiped them down, pulling out my penis. She shoved it in her mouth, and enthusiastically sucked on it for about 20 seconds before I pulled it out. I wanted more than that.

Maddy laid back down and raised her pelvis back in the air. I grabbed her panties, and slowly pulled them down, awing at my first in-person looks of her shaven pussy since that dreaded night of The Christmas Dance. I kissed on her body and sucked her boobs as my right hand found its way down to her clit and lips. She was absolutely soaked.

“Drew! Get inside me!” She moaned with urgency and I didn’t need to be asked twice.

With the help of Maddy’s hands, I inserted my thick cock between her pillow-like lips, and deep into her slippery warm vagina. I lay there motionless for a couple seconds, to gather myself, and ensure I didn’t blow it (literally). It was absolute ecstasy.

And then, I began to kiss her tits and thrust my dick in and out of my little sis’ pussy. Maddy bucked and squirmed in pleasure, looking up at me as she did so. Those sexy squirms only gave me even more motivation to keep doing what I was doing.

Maddy and I did the horizontal tango for about 4 minutes (I’m not gonna pretend I’m some marathon man) before I busted inside her. There was a brief, shocked flicker that came over her bright eyes as she felt the rush of hot jizz. I caught my breath, and laid chest-to-chest on top of my butt naked sister. My penis slowly shrunk back to normal size, but I let it hang around inside Maddy’s box for as long as I could.

Maddy was the one who eventually broke the silence.

“We should prolly get cleaned up,” she breathed, laughing.

“Yeahhhh,” I said. But continued to lay there. “I don’t wanna move,” I laughed.

“I don’t want you to either,” Maddy said. “But I have zero clue when Mom will get back, haha. This was SUPER risky!”

I snapped myself back to reality. Maddy was right. I needed to get the fuck out of there.

“Alright, I’m coming out, okay? You got some tissues?”

“Yeah,” Maddy reached to her bed stand and I enjoyed the shot of her ass that came into my view. I couldn’t help but give it a squeeze. “Ahhh!” Maddy squealed. She gathered a shit ton of tissues and maneuvered them underneath us. “K should be good, go!”

I exited my sister’s cooch and stood up off the bed, letting my dick dangle in front of me.

Maddy laughed at me, while checking me out. “Go get in the shower Drew, hurry!” She said.

I took one last gaze at her amazing naked body. Then I grabbed my clothes and dashed over to the bathroom.

As the steam came over me, flashes of my sisters began to run through my brain. I thought back to that first night, so long ago, when Maddy’s legs brushed against my own during that horror movie. That’s when all this craziness started. Now, I had FINALLY reached the mountain top. Both of them. But this wasn’t over, not even close. We were heading into the wedding weekend locked in a tie ballgame. And I had no idea what was about to happen next.



“It’s wedding season!” I exclaimed, channeling Vince Vaughn, as I loaded our bags into Mom’s van.

“Womp, womp,” Katie groaned, in a cheerful manner, if that makes sense. But nothing Katie did ever made much sense to me.

“Jeeze! This is so exciting!” Maddy said.

Mom was driving separate (probably for her own sanity) and the van would be filled the same crowd as when we drove up to our ski chalet in the winter. Only this time, I had seen ALL these girls completely naked. I had to fight off becoming too distracted by those images.

Things were actually less awkward between Maddy and I, now that we had done the deed. I guess it kind of made sense, relieving all that tension. And she no longer had some tool youth pastor preaching purity in her ear. So that helped, too.

“Man, this is the last trip we’re gonna take before we’re all college chicks,” Kenzie chewed her gum loudly in the back seat.

“Yeahhh, Drew said something similar back in the day,” Katie started. I already knew what her punchline was going to be. “And he’s now on his FIFTEENTH ‘last trip’ before he’s a college boy!” She burst out laughing. “And counting!”

Pretty much everyone else joined in her laughter. “Katie! So mean! Drew could easily go to college if he wanted!” Maddy stood up for me but honestly, I’d rather she hadn’t. I wasn’t offended by anything Katie joked about.

I found out none of my little sister’s crew would be going to college together. Kenzie was heading to the state college of New York. Ara, out west, to Boulder. And Maddy, to Stanford. This really would be somewhat of a “last hurrah” for them. Only time would tell if their friendship was strong enough to withstand separate universities spread out over the country. Usually, at least from the outside looking in, they aren’t. But that wasn’t my issue to worry about.

This was a much longer drive compared to the ski chalet. We stopped a couple of times to grab food and a break. Mom had no interest in driving along behind us which surprised me, but I guess she just wanted to go at her own pace. All in all, the drive took nearly the entire day.

We were all spent as I rolled into the parking lot of the venue Jim and Emily had chosen. The place was gorgeous - which I’m sure shocks all of you. It was surrounded by crystal clear lakes, sprawling green hills and vineyards, and sandy beaches. The sun was setting over the forest in the distance. It made for a pretty scene as we drove in.

The seven of us got checked into our rooms. Despite Kelly being my date and Jordan, Katie’s; we would not be sharing suites together. Jordan and I had our own room, Katie and Kelly had theirs, and the three recent graduates had theirs. We all got tucked into our rooms and chilled a bit, before walking downstairs to a big welcoming beach-side fire.

The flames roared through the air and the pleasant aroma of burning wood entered my nose. I loved real summertime fires. And you didn’t come across them often, living in the city.

We approached the orange flames, and the first silhouette I saw stood on the outskirts of the crowd. She had her hair tied back into a tight ponytail and was wearing a pair of dark, horn-rimmed glasses. Alex. Oh boy, that meant Big, Bad, Nancy was nearby. I was wondering if her family would show.

“Alex!” Maddy called out to her cousin. “Hey! So glad you guys made it!”

Alex gave her an awkward smile. She looked over at me, and quickly looked away. She then spotted the rest of our crew - which I’m sure was intimidating for her.

Not wanting to make her too uncomfortable, I said hi quickly and moved past Alex. And there she was, staring a hole through me as if no time had passed since she caught me staring at my sister, and then her daughter, in the buff. It was my turn to give an awkward smile. Nancy didn’t return it, but her husband did.

I made my way around the crowd greeting all the usual suspects. Brian and the gang, my grandparents and aunts and uncles. My cousin Kevin and his hot Indian wife Amira, along with their daughter. There were plenty more people here tonight than at Thanksgiving. Some of them I knew, others I vaguely remembered, and a lot I had not the slightest idea who they were. Probably people from Emily’s side.

Jim and his bride-to-be were at the center of all the chaos and it took me a minute to work my way over and say hi. Mom was already there, chatting away.

“Don’t think Nancy’s too pleased to see me,” I muttered.

“Oh, don’t worry about her, she’s being dramatic. Took two hours over the phone plus driving all the way over to her place just to convince her to come,” Mom said.

“Yeahhh, I’m just gonna try and avoid her,” I said.

“Probably for the best,” Mom laughed.

“Whatsup, Jim?” I greeted my uncle.

“’Lo Drew,” he said.

“Hi Drew!” Emily said.

“You guys find the place alright?” Jim asked.

“Yeah, not too bad. It’s beautiful up here,” I answered.

“Sure is, Frank found the place, of all people,” Jim said. "Em had to giver her approval, of course."

Emily smiled. “There should be tons to do in the next few days before the wedding, so let me know if you if you guys are looking for anything in particular,” she said.

“No huntin, though!” Jim said.

“Haha, that’s alright. We’ll go in the fall, for sure,” I said.

“I’ll hold you to that,” Jim said.

A couple of good-looking women popped up at Emily’s side. One of them looked similar to Emily, though, a bit younger. She was already way too intoxicated. The other was a black girl who was much calmer.

“Ooooh Em who’s this?!?!” The younger version of Emily slurred.

“Michaela, this is Drew. Jim’s nephew I told you about? The one I went to Spring Break with?” Emily cautiously began.

“Drewwwww, I remember!” Michaela said. She eyed me up and down with zero shame.

“Drew, this is my younger sister, Michaela. She’s my maid of honor,” Emily said.

“Whoop, whoop!” Michaela cheered, and then gave me a hug.

“And this is my best friend, Allison,” Emily nodded at the calm, pretty girl on her other side.

Allison gave me a warm smile. “Nice to meet you, Drew,” she said.

“Likewise,” I said.

“Are you in the wedding party?” She asked.

“No, you?”

“Yeah,” she said.

The group of us chatted for a bit before I split off and walked along the shore. The water was still. Black, with the exception of the stars that it reflected from the night sky above it. There was an eeriness about it, once you got away from the big crowd. The calm before the storm.


******

The next day, Maddy and her friends would be joining Jordan and I out on the lake. We were going wakeboarding. The five of us shared a breakfast with Katie and Kelly before heading out. Brian and his friends interrupted us.

“What’re you doing today, bra?” Brian asked me. The kid had way too much bravado for his own good. That is, when he wasn’t around girls his own age. He had no issues approaching me in an aggressive manner in front of the five older smoke-shows. But that didn’t mean he ignored them. He seemed to take a particular interest in Kelly, after I had introduced her as my date the prior night. I knew the little shit would be impressed by her.

“Headed out on the lake, it’s supposed to be beautiful today,” I said.

“It’s supposed to be beautiful today,” Brian mocked in a high pitch manner. I just rolled me eyes at him. A couple of the girls laughed – much to Brian’s satisfaction.

“What are y’all doing? You can join us if ya want?”

Brian’s head began to spin, I could tell it was difficult for him to turn down hanging out with the girls on the boat in their bikinis.

“We’re going out into the woods, Bri? Remember? Alex is coming too?!” Phillip spoke up for him.

“Shut up, dude!” Brian nudged his brother in the rib cage with his elbow.

“Ow!” Phillip said.

“I know that!” Brian continued. He looked back at me. “Yeah, sorry dude, maybe next time.”

I laughed. “No need to apologize.”

The boys scurried off to wherever they came from.

“YOU guys sure you don’t wanna come either?” I directed at my big sister and my date. “You know there’s not going to be a ‘next time’,” I said.

“Yeahhh we’re good. Gonna do this yoga class I said I’d do with Emily,” Katie said. “The gym is supposedly kick-ass. And then we’ll prolly chill on the beach for a bit,”

“Word,” Jordan said. He wasn’t too disappointed Katie and his sister weren’t coming.

We finished our breakfasts and went back to our rooms to put on our swimwear and sunscreen. We met back down at the dock and gathered onto the boat. It’s a good thing the others didn’t decide to join us, five people was the perfect amount for the smaller sized vessel. Any more, would’ve been tight.

I drove the boat out to where we could barely see the shore. From this vantage, I could make out some of the mountains and misty forest in the background. The water was a dark navy, and you couldn’t see anything underneath it. This place was like Stephen King’s wet dream. Complete with an ominous presence leering over it. But maybe that was just my imagination – I had gotten myself into quite the pickle with all these girls.

Speaking of which, Ara had stripped down to the same orange bikini she was wearing the night when I spied on her. As she stood up, I tried not to stare, tried not to think about how good she looked under those bottoms….

I had parked the boat, and Ara was going to be the first one to try out the wakeboard. We all had high expectations for her, given her snowboarding prowess.

“You want a lifejacket, Ara?” I asked.

“Nah,” she winked at me, confidently.

“Alright, give me a thumbs up when you’re ready,” I said.

Ara jumped into the lake and swam over to the board. She got her feet hooked in and gave a thumbs up, as she sat calmly in the water.
I revved up the boat, and hit the throttle, quickly picking up speed. I turned behind me to watch as Ara easily stood up on the board. Unsurprisingly, she was impressive. She gracefully swerved back and forth, carving through the rapids, as if they were a powder-packed slope. She event hit the boat-made waves and got some good air.

“Jeeze, Ara!” Maddy exclaimed.

“She’s insane,” Jordan said, in awe.

“Right?” Kenzie said.

After Ara put on a good show, I slowed the boat down and she unhooked herself from the board. She swam back aboard to applause. She gave us her trademarked dimpled smile, and did a little curtsy.

“Alright, who’s following that act?” I asked.

Everybody looked at each other in silence, before letting out nervous giggles.

“Okay, I’ll do it,” I said. “Who’s driving the boat?”

“I got it,” Ara said. Somehow, I felt like that was the best choice.

I didn’t wear a lifejacket either, and swam out to the board. Once I was geared up, I gave Ara the thumbs up. As the boat picked up speed, I pulled myself up with ease. Living on the west coast, I had done this before. Still, I was not as good as Ara. I was able to stay upright and do some borderline carving. When I climbed back on board, the group was taking some shots of vodka, and Kenzie began playing (trash) music from her phone.

Maddy tried out the board next, and took a couple of tries to stand up. She ate shit one time once she did stand up, but then did pretty well. Kenzie volunteered to give it a go after Maddy. She decided to wear a lifejacket.

Kenzie took forever to stand up, and after about the 7th attempt, I didn’t think she was going to get it. But, lo and behold, the next time was the charm. She pulled herself up and we all cheered with buzzed enthusiasm.

“Yeah!” Kenzie yelled out with pride.

But pride comes before the fall, and Kenzie would be the next victim of that phrase. Literally. She lasted longer than Maddy’s first time up, but then took a nasty spill, crashing into the water. Luckily, she had her life jacket on, and was easy to spot once she resurfaced.

“You alright, Kenz?!” Ara cried out.

Kenzie held up a thumbs up, but looked a little rattled. She was treading water, looking around, regaining her bearings.

“You don’t wanna try again?” Jordan asked. “That was really good!” He added.

“No, I’m good,” she said, doggy-paddling her way to the ladder. She climbed up and stepped onto the boat.

“Ohmigod, Kenz!” Ara began giggling and put her hand over her mouth in shock. I turned around to see the reason for her reaction.

Kenzie stood up on the edge of the boat with her lifejacket on…but had lost her bottoms! The sun beamed down on her slim, freckled vagina. Jordan and I got about 5 seconds to enjoy the view, as Kenzie remained oblivious. She was still shaken up from her fall, and was wiping water from her eyes.

“Whaaaa?” She said. All of us were laughing at this point, at the absurdity of the situation. But despite the humor, it was sexy as hell seeing Kenzie’s smooth hips and mound in the natural light. Finally, she was tipped off by us, and shot a hand to cover. “Oh, shit!” She laughed; a bit embarrassed.

She cupped her pussy and backed her way into a seat, and then quickly crossed her legs over each other. Maddy tossed her a towel. Kenzie and the rest of us began looking around for her bikini bottoms, but they were dark in color, and we were unsuccessful.

“It’s fine guys, I gotta towel,” Kenzie said after about five minutes of me retracing the boat’s path.

“But they’re expensive! And you probably didn’t pack another suit, right?” Maddy asked.

“They weren’t that bad,” Kenzie answered. “No, I didn’t, but I’m sure there’s somewhere around here that sells them, right?”

“Probably,” Maddy said.

“Whatever….Jordan, you gonna go?!” Kenzie asked my friend. He looked a bit surprised.

“Err….you sure? We can head back to shore if ya want?” He said.

“Nah, c’mon I’m fine. I wanna see you go!”

“Alright, let’s do it,” Jordan said.

Jordan took two attempts to stand up, but once he did, he did pretty good. After he went, we drove around and hung out on the lake a bit longer. I saw Kenzie sneaking looks out into the water in-between vodka shots. But her bikini bottoms were gone for good. We headed back to the beach around lunch time.

As we were walking through the lobby in the resort, Jordan lifted up Kenzie’s towel from behind, putting her little bare butt on show.

“Ahhhh!” She squealed, garnering attention from some of the wedding guests – my grandpa Frank and cousin Kevin included. They chuckled, and admired the soon-to-be college beauty.

“Careful, boys,” Frank grumbled before going back to sipping on his bourbon and watching the world go by.

Kenzie fought away from Jordan and secured her towel. “You’re bad!” She said. He winked back at her.

The girls split off and we wouldn’t see them again until later that night.






