Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Eighty: Embracing the Storm
Summary: Kurtis must embrace the storm to win!
Keywords: MF Fsolo MFF inc oral preg wife cuck exhib voy fantasy magic
Copyright: 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  The Coral Palace

I writhed on the ground in pain. The turquoise blue of the tiles felt so cold on my chest as the agony forced me to grovel at the feet of Throwia. The Goddess of Suffering stared down at me with such delight in her eyes as she stroked the golden cradle.

Mother roared. My twin sister growled.

My love, Throwia said. If you would kindly.

Fine, fine, Vedr said. The other goddess waved her hand. Her lush breasts heaved as the wind howled from her. A capricious smile spread on her lips as the wind struck my mother and twin sister. They were both squeezed tight, halting their transformations into dragons. 

They gasped, choking, forced back into their human forms. The wind seized the others. The rakshasas, the lizardmen, and even Shetha. They were all chained and forced to their knees. Nephi roared her fury while Beliala stood over me.

The demon smiled down at me, her crimson eyes gleaming. 

I stared up at Throwia, my body spasming through the torment. The agony of Beliala's lash burned through my veins and blazed in the marrow of my bones. I could not escape it. Could not flee it. My thoughts boiled.

We had... a deal... I growled at the goddess.

But you're not delivering the Cradle of Life to me, she said as she fondled it. I found it before you could present it to me.

Throwia, Vedr said, a hint of warning in her voice. That's a very fine hair your slicing.

Well, my loyal servant informed me of it before he could, said Throwia. It's not my fault her brought the demon with him. If he was too stupid to realize she was a dagger at his throat. Throwia shrugged. Disgust spilled over his face. Besides, you think I'd let that degenerate be set free or his scions to wander the world? 

I glared up at her.

She put her foot on my cheek and smile down at me. But I won't kill you, Kurtis. I'll send you back to your world. She stroked my face with her foot. Of course, the pain of a demon's lash won't end until she wills it, and...

Throwia threw back her head in delight. She picked up the artifact. The Goddess held it to her breast and hugged it with such delight. She glanced at her wife, the winds howling around Vedr.

The Goddess of Weather did not look as happy as her wife. She stared at me with pity in her eyes.

Come, my love, we have children to make, purred Throwia. I wonder what we shall birth.

I had to embrace the storm. That was what the Oracle of the Sands had told me. I squirmed on the ground, struggling to crawl toward Vedr. She kept staring at me, that sad smile on her lips, but she didn't move toward me.

Please, I croaked at her. I forced myself to my knees.

My, my, such strength, Throwia said, pausing. She watched me crawl forward through the agony. You think my wife will grant you parole from your punishment?

Yes! I snarled. Once I eat her pussy and give her pleasure. When my cock floods her pussy with my seed!

Throwia laughed as I crawled toward the Goddess of Weather. The winds whipped around her and struck me. I didn't care. I forced through them as the agony blazed through my marrow. I ground my teeth against the torment, fighting back my tears.

I reached the Goddess of Weather and stared at her pussy. She had no hair on her vulva. Her breasts rose and fell as lightning arced between her cuntlips. The air tingled with the promise of the storm.

How pathetic, Throwia said as I leaned forward.

The lightning struck my lips.

I gasped, my body spasming as the current arced through me. It hurt nearly as much as the pain. The two torments were too much for me. I collapsed onto my face before her, my body spasming. I wanted to rise, but the lightning sizzled through my body.

What did you think you would accomplish? asked Throwia. Did you really think that she would surrender to a little pussy licking?

Yes, said Oberoy. The fairy prince stepped forward, looking so calm. Her pussy is always wet, is she not? She is the Goddess of Weather, and she's always wet and ready to share her passionate rains. Mmm, she shares them often with her father, the God Seljan. She loves his cock, doesn't she? And other Gods. She's not a full lesbian like you are.

Throwia smiled at the fairy prince. My dear Oberoy, how I have missed your screams. Beliala, I wish to hear him sing again.

I smiled.

Beliala raised her whip to strike Oberoy down. He faced her without flinching. He had been going to her tent night after night. I had felt his lust at her abuse. He craved the pain that the demon gave him. He worshiped her, but the demon didn't understand there was one thing I had always felt.

One thing that kept me from interfering in my step-son's torment.

Mistress Beliala, he said. I am your slave.

Beliala gasped at those words. Even though he said he was her slave, she dropped to her knees before him. The demon blinked in shock, her breasts jiggling. The lash quivered in her hand as Oberoy stroked his hand through her hair.

You're only allowed to whip me, Mistress, Oberoy said. The fairy-prince had worked his magic on her. You're only permitted to hurt me. So why are you hurting Kurtis, Mistress? Don't you know your place? Don't you know who owns you?

What have you done to me? gasped Beliala as his hand slipped down from her hair to cup her face.

Why, molded you to be my perfect Mistress. He stroked her cheekbone with his thumb. His wings fluttered behind him. Now set him free and make me hurt. Make your slave sing!

Lust burned through him. He was a fairy and a Son of Las. He had twisted Beliala around night after night, until she was his slave. He craved the pain she gave him, and made sure he would have it for eternity. She had no choice but to submit to the slave who owned her. I knew Beliala was a trap. From the beginning.

Oberoy had found a way to neutralize her.

My torment ended.

Vedr's pussy crackled with more electricity. She arched a challenging smile to me as I rose. She wanted to see if I would dare her storm. The pain of the first zap echoed through me. I would be in agony as I devoured her cunt. The lightning might even kill me. 

I had to embrace the storm.

I lunged to my knees and threw my arms around her waist. I grabbed the Goddess of Weather's storm and pulled my face into her pussy. The lightning zapped me. Smoke burst from around my lips. My entire body spasmed. My fingers dug into her rump as the pain coursing through me locked my muscles. I was nearly frozen in place.

I was stuck with my face buried into her pussy. There was no escaping her cunt. Her juices spilled over my lips and nose. I breathed in the sweet scent of spring rain as I breathed, but it was hard. I struggled to draw in air as she smothered me.

I had to make her cum or die.

A mortal dares lay hands on my wife, Throwia hissed.

He's a demigod, Vedr purred as I licked at her cunt. My tongue could lick and lap at her through the torment assaulting me. Mmm, yes, he is his father's son. He can't pass up on pussy.

No, Pyrriah groaned. Kurtis!

He'll be fine, Lasla said. Believe in our brother.

Beliala! snarled Throwia. 

You gave him to Kurtis, said Vedr, waving her hand. You cannot be mad when she has been bent and twisted to his will. Oh, no. He's licking me. I fear he's going to weather my storm. Oh, yes, he has a tongue on him.

I licked and lapped at her with desperation, inhaling her sweet musk as my body spasmed. I barely had any control at all over my tongue as it swept through her folds. I shuddered, my cock twitching with the current surging through me. My entire body blazed with the pain. This was insane, but it was the only way.

My tongue plunged into Vedr's sweet cunt. I stirred around in her, sweeping through her silky depths. More current arced into my tongue. It hurt, but there wasn't a muff too tough for me to tame. I would make her cum.

Oh, my, Vedr purred, her big breasts swaying over my head. The Goddess of Weather was well endowed. He is enjoying my storm.

How is he not a quivering pile of cinder, Throwia demanded. Are you going easy on him? Is your cunt weak for his cock!

My beloved, moaned Vedr, my tongue swirling around in her snatch, you know my storms are always capricious. My moods ever-changing. It's why you love me.

Throwia hissed.

I was cuckolding a Goddess. Well, cuckqueening her. My tongue flicked around in Vedr's pussy. The pain slowly faded. I endured it for the sweetness of her cunt. For the deliciousness of her pussy. I would do anything to keep enjoying this passion. 

And to save my family.

I dug my fingers into her folds. I didn't bother pouring my lust into her. I knew it would work. She was wet for me because she was a capricious Goddess. She could shower your fields when they were dry or let the sun bake them. She could send storms to dash your ship on the strand or trade winds to carry them through the Nimborgoth.

She showered her favor on some and her displeasure on others.

Including Throwia.

And me.

I flicked my tongue through her folds and brushed her clit. Her little pearl nestled in the treasure folds of her pussy. She gasped as I did that. A surge of lightning shot through me. Agony blazed through my veins.

I groaned around her clit and suckled hard on her. She quivered in delight, her pussy rubbing on my face. I loved the way her bountiful breasts swayed over my head. Throwia paced, wanting to rip me apart.

And she couldn't.

She wouldn't risk Vedr's displeasure. I had a feeling that Vedr mostly went where Throwia wanted, but sometimes, Vedr put her foot down, and her divine wife knew better than to object. She was like my mother.

Her submission was a lie.

Mother served me because it pleased her to do that, but she could destroy me if she ever wanted. I had no real control over her. The collar and chastity belt had always been an illusion that both of us agreed to. 

So I loved Vedr. I pleasured her. I embraced her storm as she quivered. Her boobs bounced as I nibbled on her clit. I suckled on that bud with all that I had. She quivered. I could feel her storm building and building.

She would explode. Would I survive?

Yes. I could endure any woman's passion.

My fingers dug hard into her butt-cheeks as I suckled. Throwia watched, waiting for me to be destroyed. I nibbled on her clit. My tongue stroked over her pearl. She gasped as it happened. The storm raged in her pussy.

Lightning zapped me.

I gasped as the charge surged through me. I drowned in her pussy cream. My entire body blazed with pain as I reveled in her pleasure. She cried out, the winds in the room swirling around her. Her hair whipped up the tempest as she ground her convulsing pussy on my face.

The agony surged through me as she quivered through her orgasm. I licked at her, enduring the pain to drink every drop of her pussy juices that I could. I reveled in her passion. She tasted so good. I tongued her twat with all that I had.

Yes, yes, yes, Vedr gasped.

You shit-eating worm! Throwia snarled. I'm going to

No! Lightning flashed from Vedr's eyes and thunder boomed in her words. The sound sent Throwia stumbling back.

The current stopped sizzling through my body. Throwia shuddered as such bliss flowed through me. Euphoria at enduring her swept through me. I grinned in triumph as my fingers fell from her rump. She looked down at me, her eyes sizzling with lust.

I have to know if the son is as good as the father, moaned Vedr.

What? snarled Throwia. You are not going to let him

Of course, I am, purred Vedr, such delight in her voice. She glanced at her wife. I'm going to revel in his cock fucking me!

Why do you want to hurt me? Throwia looked so pained

Vedr patted her wife's cheek. You love suffering, Throwia. You adore the agony of being cuckolded. You always watch when Father visits. I know you peek through that little hole and rub your clit until you cum. Mmm, now just watch, my little cuckqueen.

Throwia glared murder at me as I rose.

I gained my feet, my cock thrusting out hard before me. A shiver of lust ran through Vedr. To have a Goddess dripping for me was a feat. I felt my sisters, Mother, and the rest of my women watching my triumph. 

On your hands and knees, Vedr, I growled. If you want to fuck, you're going to do it like a bitch!

Yes! Vedr purred and spun around. She dropped to her hands and knees, facing her wife. Mmm, Throwia, let me watch your rub that clit while Las's son fucks me so hard.
Throwia ground her teeth 

He's your brother. Vedr cooed. Why, that makes him my brother, too, and you know how much I adore incest.

He is not my brother! That slimy thing in chains is not

Oh, he is, my love. That's why you're a horny cuckqueen dripping wet right now. You enjoy having your father here to torment you. Sneaking off to whip him. To play with his cock. To watch his cum splash on the tile while wishing it was spurting into your pussy.

Throwia glared daggers at me. I only punish him. I don't reward him!

If you don't want me to blab all your secrets, then be a good girl and frig that clit.

Throwia waved her hand behind her, a chair appearing. Carved out of black stone, it was adorned with faces twisting in agony, each one different. Each one possessed a different look of torment. She sat on her Throne of Pain and threw her legs over the armrest. She slid her fingers through her black bush and found her pussy.

She rubbed her clit, her eyes burning with such hatred.

I was undeterred. So she despised me. I didn't care. Let her hate me. I was about to fuck her wife. I sank to my knees, slapping my cock down on Vedr's rump. She had hurt me so badly with her storm, but now she was dripping for me. She purred in delight.

You're my bitch right now, Vedr, I growled.

For now, she purred. You know how capricious the weather can be. 

I knew not to overstay my welcome. I slid my cock down her butt-cheeks to her pussy. I nuzzled right into her as Throwia rubbed at her cunt. I loved her attention as I thrust my cock into her wife's juicy cunt.

Vedr moaned like a whore, her pussy clamping down on me. She was so wet. So slick. I shuddered at how achingly sweet she felt. This was just perfect. I loved how great she felt around me. I held her hips as her pussy clamped down tight on me.

I drew back my cock. She moaned as I did that. Her passion echoed through the room as I thrust back into her pussy. I buried to the hilt in her snatch. I fucked her with force. She gasped as I plowed into her with all that I had. 

Oh, my, yes! she moaned. Oh, you definitely have your father's passion. Oh, Throwia, your brother has such delights.

You are just saying that to hurt me, Throwia hissed, her fingers frigging her clit hard.

Am I? Vedr clamped her cunt down on me. Doesn't the truth make you suffer more? Ooh, look at you rubbing your twat. Now finger your pussy. Fuck yourself as fast and as hard as Kurtis is. Your dear brother is churning up my cunt!

He is not my brother! she hissed as I fucked deep and hard into her wife's pussy. 

I winked at her. The Goddess of Suffering snarled and churned up her pussy with her fingers. They plunged in and out of her as fast as she could. She shuddered there, her boobs jiggling. It was a pure delight to her wife with the same speed. To thrust away at her cunt with all my passion.

Vedr groaned, her pussy clamping down on me. She held me tight as I buried into her again and again. I slammed to the hilt in her cunt, savoring her pussy around me.

I loved the feel of her snatch gripping me. She held me tight with that hot delight. It was a treat to have all that passion gripping my cock. I groaned as I loved everything that she did to me. She wiggled her hips from side to side as I fucked into her with force. I buried into her again and again, rising toward that climax. I would flood her with all my cum.

I slammed deep into her. Hard into her. I fucked her with force. With passion. I wanted her squealing out in delight. I ached for her to moan with all her wanton passion. She trembled, her hips wiggling from side to side as I buried into her.

Throwia glared murder at me, her boobs jiggling as she frigged herself.

My women watched. I could feel their adulation. They were so proud of me for doing this. They were so happy that I had tamed Vedr's cunt. I fucked into her pussy with all my might, plowing deep and hard into that juicy snatch.

I couldn't wait for the storm to rage again. My nuts tightened with each plunge into her divine pussy. I savored that hot twat gripping me. I wanted to enjoy every last second of it. I was so ready for all that pleasure to erupt out of my dick.

Gods! I growled. Gods, your pussy is amazing, Vedr!

I know! she moaned, her twat clamping around mine. Be fortunate that you have the God of Lust's blood burning in your veins, or you would be dead! But you braved my storm. Oh, that deserves a reward. Pound me!

Such a whore, Vedr! moaned Throwia.

A capricious whore, my love! Vedr wiggled her hips from side to side. Oh, Kurtis! That cock. I am going to cum on that cock. Oh, my wife wants me to burst on him. Flood me with all your jizz. She wants to lick it out of me.

I do not! Throwia shot her wife a look. Vedr!

The Goddess of Weather laughed as I buried into her cunt. I plowed to the hilt in her with all that I had. My nuts were so tight. I was so ready to cum into her pussy. To spurt all that spunk I had into her snatch. I craved it.

I pumped away at her, aching for her to go wild around my cock. To feel her pussy spasming around me. She clamped down on me, moaning like a whore as her Goddess-wife fingered her cunt before us, burning with shame and self-hatred.

Whipping herself and suffering in that way Throwia enjoyed.

Her breasts quivered as she rose toward her own orgasm. Her toes curled as she glared such hatred at me. I enjoyed her anger as I pumped away at her wife's pussy. I buried deep and hard into her snatch again and again, my nuts tightening.

It wouldn't be long now. I was so close to that amazing moment. Just so near to bursting in her. I slammed to the hilt in her snatch. I fucked her pussy with all that I had. She groaned, clamping her twat around me. 

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned. Oh, that's so good! Oh, you are your father's son, Kurtis! I'm going to cum! Watch me cum like a whore on his dick, my love!

I'm watching, Throwia hissed, her fingers churning her pussy to a froth. Her juices clung to her fingers as she plunged them in and out of her cunt.

Good, good, because... Vedr's hair sizzled with sparks as her pussy went wild around my cock.
Her cunt writhed around me. I loved the way her pussy spasmed about my dick. I groaned at the heaven of her storm raging around my dick. Her twat rippled about me with such passion. I drew back my dick, the suction incredible.

My Goddess! I groaned and buried to the hilt in her snatch.

I erupted into her cunt.

My jizz flooded the Goddess's snatch. For the first time in a while, not since I spurted cum into my step-mother, had I felt a pussy that resisted me. I couldn't breed her. Her divine womb rejected my seed. I groaned as her twat spasmed around me.

She rippled about my dick. She suckled at me with heat. I grunted, spurting blast after blast of cum into her pussy. It was amazing. I soaked her womb with all that I had. A big smile spread on my lips. I loved this so much. It was outstanding.

Gods, yes! I groaned as more and more of my cum pumped into her. I'm flooding your wife's cunt, Throwia!

With all his seed! Vedr moaned. You'll have so much jizz to lick out of me!

I hate you, Kurtis! she groaned and bucked.

Her legs kicked as she shuddered through her rapture. Her boobs bounced and heaved as she cried out in ecstasy. Her pussy juices gushed out around her fingers. She ripped them out and bucked, gushing so hard. She splashed the floor with her passion.

I groaned, pumping more and more of my cum on the floor. I felt so good. Just amazing. A big smile spread on my lips as I dumped all my jizz into her. I shook my head, groaning through all that rapture. It was amazing.

I fired the last of my cum into her snatch.

Vedr shuddered and rose. She slid her pussy off my cock and stood. My jizz dripped down her thighs as she walked to her shuddering wife. She took Throwia's hand and pulled her off the throne. Vedr flicked her wrist, the Cradle of Life floating after her. She threw a look behind me and nodded to a door that hadn't been there before.

You can free your father, she said. And you... She pulled her wife through lacy curtains of blue. You can lick all your brother's cum out of me!

The curtains melted into the wall. The goddesses were gone.

My women gasped as they all stood. My sisters raced to me and threw their arms around me. Lasla and Pyrriah pressed tight against me, their breasts rubbing into my naked chest. I hugged them to me, my heart racing. 

We had done it. We had given Throwia what she wanted. We had saved our fathers. I laughed, lifting my sisters off the ground as the joy surged through me. I spun them around, my heart pounding so fast. I couldn't believe it.

Kurtis! Lasla moaned. Kurtis, you cucked a Goddess!

You were amazing! Pyrriah gasped. Oh, you really did it. You really made the Goddess of Weather cum.

Twice, Mother said.

Oh, I think it's going to be more than that, I said, glancing at the wall that had been curtains. It was all mother of pearl, the polished, white tiles gleaming with hues of colors. Throwia's very turned on.

Yes, she is, Princess Naryu purred. 

Nephi smiled. We never stood a chance against him.

No, Adazza hissed. 

Master! Shetha happily said, nuzzling into my leg. 

Diane smiled and Nazak nodded. Stalker just paced back and forth while Oberoy knelt before his Mistress who was also his slave. They had a very complicated relationship. I felt so amazing. I glanced at Antagony.

Master, she said, bowing her head. Her golden collar sparkled. Nephi is right, I never stood a chance against you.

Now let's go set our father free, I said, breaking from my sisters. I turned to find an undine standing there, her watery form rippling as she turned around.

She had a nice ass.

I followed that rump, my sisters clinging to me. My cock twitched. As much as I wanted to fuck the undine, I also wanted to get out of here. That was more important. It wasn't like I hadn't fucked the undine on that ship that saved us from the pirates.

The undine led us through the halls made of pink or purple or yellow corals. Through windows, the sea could be seen. We weren't in any ocean on our world, though. This was an ocean in the Astral Sea. It was tossed by storms, Vedr's presence. Lightning flashed.

I think she just climaxed on her wife's mouth.

We were led to a large room. A man was chained at the far end. He was handsome. My sisters both gasped. Mother and Antagony groaned. Well, every woman in the party groaned. Las, God of Lust, wore a roguish grin as he smiled at me.

My boy, he said. Well done. The key to Throwia has always been her desires. She's a slave to them.

You would know, I said as I moved to the manacles. I frowned until the undine produced a key. Well, Father, your free.

I honestly didn't know what to say as I thrust the key into each of the manacles. When the bands came off, barbs dripped with golden blood. Ichor, I believed it was called. The divine essence of the god. What separated them from us lesser beings?

Well, I said. I guess I did my part as your son.

You were spectacular my boy. Fucking Vedr, the Skull Tigress, the rulers of both Shizhuth and Naith. All those other pussies you bred along the way. My daughters. He grinned at Lasla and Pyrriah. Then he glanced at Antagony. My, my, you really have done well for yourself, my son.

I have more waiting for me.

He chuckled. Yes, yes, your own private kingdom of women to breed. You'll populate it with your own daughters, breeding endless generations of sluts.

Definitely, purred Lasla, rubbing against me. 

He will, Father, Pyrriah said, clinging to me.

Father slapped his hand on my shoulder. A tingle ran through me. Well, I have a world to fuck. I have never been much of a father, don't see why I'd start now.

That's it? Kurtis asked. A pat on the shoulder?

I gave you the greatest gift of all, he said. A harem of women, all the pussies you could breed, and your own kingdom. You would have rotted on that island without having to save me. Instead, you went on a grand adventurer all because Throwia has to be spiteful. She's always eager in the moment, and flogging herself with regret in the morning. He winked at me. Besides, I'm not fucking and breeding your sisters or your other women.

That's because they're pregnant, I said. I made sure of that before coming here.

Lasla and Pyrriah gasp, What?

You didn't notice? I asked them. I am that good.

Las laughed. Our father waved his hand. The air distorted around us. When it cleared, we were back in the bowels of the Bone Mountain. It was the same except the golden cradle was missing. We were back in our world.

Our adventure was over.

Damn. It had consumed our lives. We had traveled across so much of the world, and just like that, it was over. We had to go home. I turned around with my women. They were all looking at the location. I had no idea in lingering in this terrible place.

So, shall we destroy this awful monument to that sadist's sick amusement? I asked.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Azuliana  Uth Jungle

I blurred into my human form as I landed. It felt so strange to go be a dragon so often. I stared down at the ruins of the ziggurat. We had spent the afternoon destroying it. All of us attacked it with various methods, weakening it. 

Now it lay in rubble. It wasn't enough to pay back the suffering of the tens of thousands of poor creatures that the Skull Tigress had destroyed, but what could? Still, she was dead. The Cradle of Life would no longer be in the mortal world.

It was better that way.

Some things should not be left in this world, and that was one of them. I smiled as my son nodded to me. He was wearing his loincloth, his body strong. He had led us to victory. We had crossed so much of the world, and everything felt different.

A new breed of dragons existed. Lust dragons. I took solace in that. From Pyrriah, and myself, would sprout this new race. They would make life in Drakin Castle and the Haunted Forest very interesting.

In a hundred years, it might have a new name. The Wanton Forest.

I smiled at that.

My son looked to the east and said, Let's go home. We still have a long road ahead of us, and we have an important stop to make.

Jyou. My heart beat faster. I had met my wife in my dreams thanks to Solomas and Lilica, but now I could hold her in my arms again. I closed my eyes and pictured Sianili. We had never been apart for so long since we met. 

Tears stung my eyes. It was over. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis  Coast of the Savanna

Two weeks since we killed the Skull Tigress and freed my father, I stood on the coast of the Savanna looking out at the Shilter Strait. Something had pulled me to the northeast after we won. We had moved through the Uth Jungle and crossed the Savanna. We had quite the party with the centaurs again before we reached the coast.

I didn't know why I had been drawn here until I saw her sailing in the strait.

The Treasure Box.

I grinned as we waved to the ship. On the deck, Tarthan waved to us. The bosun was the biggest man on the boat. One of two human males along with his son. His wife and daughter were there along with the halfling crew.

A longboat was lowered. It would take a few trips to get us all in. Tarthan and his son Foran rowed out to us while the ship furled sails and dropped anchor. I had a big smile on my lips as the longboat drove onto the sandy beach.

Lord Kurtis, said Tarthan as he hopped out. He bowed to us. So the dream was correct. Captain Telesi was told you'd be here needing a lift.

Who told her that? I asked.

He said he was your father. He rubbed at the back of his neck. Telesi said he certainly fucked like your father. Her gasps of moans as she climaxed in her sleep woke up the rest of us.

Yeah, Foran said, his cheeks burning bright. That she did. Her son fell out of the bed they were sharing and worked stiffly for two days. Bruised ass.

I grinned. I see she's back in working order.

That she is, my Lord, Tarthan said, nodding. We had just finished repairs when the dream came. Glad we did. You would have been stranded here without any help.

True. We didn't have the camels, having to abandon them when we went into the jungle. That would have made crossing the desert back to Hargone a chore. Well, let's get on over there.

Tarthan nodded. It'll take a few trips, my Lord.

I know, I said as I climbed into the boat, my sisters, mother, Shetha, Diane, Lilica, and Solomas getting in first. Beliala and Oberoy flared their wings and took off in flight. 

The women of the Treasure Box crowded the railing. They were all visibly pregnant, the halflings and the humans. All having my children. I grinned at the sight of them as they blew kisses. Mothers and daughters all eager to love me again.

Welcome back, Lord Kurtis, said Telesi as I climbed up the rope ladder. It is an honor to have you on board.

As soon as we have everyone onboard, we'll be selling to the Norv Sea around the Rathay Desert. We have to go to Jyou.

Of course, she said. My, my, but it will take Tarthan some time to ferry all your companions to the ship. We cannot leave just yet. She had such a wanton look in her face. 

Well, grab your daughter and follow me to my cabin, I said. When I was onboard, the captain's cabin was mine.

Of course, Lord Kurtis, she moaned and grabbed Kelesi.

The pair looked much alike, both with the bronze skin of their race. They had matching red, metallic hair that flowed around their gorgeous faces. Their bellies had that wonderfully fertile curve to them. My dick was throbbing at how delicious they looked.

They weren't the only ones. Bethie, Tarthan's wife, and their daughter Overia were looking scrumptious with their curving bellies, as did Nelli standing with her daughters Alli and Delli. Shalial stood by her mother Malial, their arms around each other's waists.

Enjoy, Lord Kurtis, the only male halfling on the boat said, Telesi's son.

I winked at Tormin, eager to fuck his mother and younger sister. I would make the two howl. I knew he was doing that in my absence. He was a good kid. Tarthan and Foran would be helping, too. The halflings were such horny women.

Well, all women were horny whether they wanted to admit it or not.

I entered the cabin and ripped off my loincloth. I was dressing back like I had on Jyou. It was so much more freeing than wearing more clothes that other places insisted on. I knew I would have a wonderful voyage fucking all the mothers and daughters I had bred.

It was a delight sharing two women with such a kinship. 

Well, Mother, you're the captain, said Kelesi as I sank to the floor, my cock so hard, you deserve the first taste of his cock.

Oh, I do love your brother's dick, Telesi said, but there is nothing like Lord Kurtis's cock.

Mmm, I know, Kelesi said. I fucked my way through Hargone, and none rivaled you, Lord Kurtis, though they were all insanely jealous that another man had bred me.

I chuckled as Kelesi straddled me. She hugged her belly as she lowered herself down to me. Her bald, shaved twat planted right on my mouth. I groaned, loving the flavor of her pussy. A tangy delight that was a treat to enjoy.

My hands slid around and rubbed at her pregnant belly. Her mother grabbed my cock and groaned as she lowered herself to my cock. Their lusts burned in both their bred cunts. I savored this as the halfling pressed her pussy lips against the tip of my cock.

She plunged her pregnant pussy down my cock.

Oh, yes, Telesi moaned, every inch of my cock buried in her cunt. Vedr's queefs.

She has a tight pussy, I groaned. And tastes so sweet. Like a spring shower.

You fucked the Goddess of Weather? Kelesi gasped as she squirmed on my mouth. She's a Goddess. That's impossible!

Of course he did, groaned Telesi, her pregnant snatch sliding up my cock. We'll have smooth sailings, won't we? I know you made her cum hard! She's your slut, so she'll make sure we won't have any problems.

I chuckled into her daughter's snatch. I definitely made her cum hard.

I licked at the halfling's pregnant pussy, reveling in the tangy flavor of her cunt. I flicked my tongue through her folds, sliding from her taint to her clit. She gasped as I brushed her there. She squirmed on me as her mother squeezed her cunt around my dick.

She slid back up me. I groaned at that hot snatch sliding up and up my cock. I had bred her. She carried my child. My hands rubbed at her daughter's pregnant belly. I loved the feel of her swollen belly. I did that to her.

My seed planted in her womb gave her that miracle.

I thrust my tongue into her pussy and swirled around her depths. She moaned as I did that, squirming on my face. Her butt-cheeks clenched before my face. I fucked my tongue in and out of her as her mother rode me.

I reveled in that pregnant pussy sliding up and down my cock. It was a beautiful moment to enjoy. A hot delight to have that snatch riding me. Her hot flesh squeezed about my cock, swelling me toward my amazing orgasm.

I enjoyed that hot pussy riding me. I massaged Kelesi's pregnant pussy as she ground her twat on my face. I licked at her pussy with all my passion. I wanted to drown in all her passion. My nuts tensed, savoring this pleasure.

Oh, my beautiful daughter, groaned Telesi, you look so delicious on his face!

And you don't bounce up and down on his cock? moaned the daughter. Mmm, I could just kiss you.

Why don't you?

I grinned as mother and daughter both leaned forward. Their lips met in an incestuous kiss. Telesi's cunt tightened around my cock as she made out with her daughter. I enjoyed the treat as I tongued Kelesi's delicious pussy.

Her tangy juices grew tastier as she made out with her mother. They both were enjoying the kisses and fondling each other's breasts. They squeezed them as they rode me. The two halflings were eager to get all the pleasure they could from me.

I would have it no other way.

I licked and lapped at Kelesi's clit. I stroked her bud, wanting to polish her little pearl and make her just gasp out in delight. I stroked over her bud. She gasped, her red hair spilling down her back. She whimpered into her mother's kiss.

Damn, that's it, I growled. Ride me, Telesi.

Yes, Lord Kurtis, she moaned against her daughter's lips.

I flicked my tongue over Kelesi's clit.

She gasped and bucked on me. I rubbed at her pregnant pussy as I nibbled on her clit. Her orgasm built and built in her. She would have a mighty climax. Just a huge one. I suckled on her bud, loving the feel of her between my lips.

Her butt-cheeks clenched and relaxed before my eyes. I stroked over her bud, savoring the way she quivered. She and her mother kissed with such passion. Their lips smacked together as they enjoyed each other as much as me.

Their orgasms built.

Swelled.

I suckled hard on Kelesi's clit, my dick aching. I hurtled closer and closer to cumming into her mother's snatch. I wanted to flood that pregnant pussy. I massaged Kelesi's pregnant stomach as she squirmed on me. She whimpered into her mother's lips. She groaned louder and louder.

She was so close to cumming. I nipped her clit with my teeth.

Lord Kurtis! Kelesi gasped, breaking the kiss with her mother. Oh, yes, yes, my Lord!

Her pussy juices gushed out of her cunt.

I licked and lapped at her twat, scooping up the passion gushing out of her depths. I loved how she squirmed on me. She trembled on me, her gasps and moans echoing around me. It was just an incredible moment. 

I drowned in her pussy cream as her mother worked that pregnant snatch up and down me. I held to Kelesi's pregnant belly as Telesi massaged me with that hot twat. Her orgasm quivered in her, about to burst.

Lord Kurtis, gasped Telesi. Vedr's queef, yes!

She plunged her cunt down my cock and joined her daughter.

Her hot snatch rippled around me. The pregnant halfling bucked on my cock. The pleasure shot down my shaft to my nuts bursting with cum. I groaned, savoring the way she suckled at me. I licked at her daughter's snatch and erupted.

Gods damn! I howled and pumped her cunt full of cum.

I flooded her with everything that I had. The pleasure shot through me. Stars exploded across my vision as I enjoyed that wondrous treat. It was heavenly to have her pussy suckling at my cock. I groaned with each eruption

Each blast of cum into her pussy.

The pleasure slammed into my mind. I groaned, licking at her daughter's snatch with hunger. I lapped up all her bred juices as I pumped more and more of my cum into her mother's pussy. I filled her to the brim with all my spunk.

Oh, yes, yes, yes, Telesi gasped. The captain of the Treasure Box milked me with her delicious snatch. I filled her to the brim with her payment. I love you, Lord Kurtis!

Yes, yes, yes, gasped Kelesi.

I savored their passion as I erupted into Telesi's pussy one more time. I shuddered, enjoying that passion so much. I quivered in delight as Kelesi slipped off me. I panted, staring at the pregnant halfling impaled on my cock. I stroked over her bronze belly.

That was wondrous, she moaned.

Oh, Mother, I have to lick all that cum out of your pussy, moaned Kelesi.

I grinned at that. Telesi slid off my cock with a groan. She popped off and rose to her feet. It was impressive given how swollen her stomach was. She moved to a seat and sank onto it, spreading her legs apart. 

My cum spilled out of her pussy.

That was a beautiful sight.

I rose as the daughter buried her face into her mother's snatch and started licking. I wanted to stay and watch, but there were five more pregnant halflings and two pregnant humans all needing me to fuck them, too.

I whistled, thrilled that the quest was over and eager to get home to see Mother Sianili, my older sisters, and all my daughters. They had been so little when I left. I stretched my back. It had been nearly nine months since we left.

It felt like a lifetime. But the quest was over. I was eager to build that kingdom and populate it with my daughters. 

To be continued...
