Best Laid Plans (Chapter Thirteen)

“Ow!”

Willow was really thankful that this barrier to the sunlight that would normally be pouring into her living room in a couple of hours was the last of the sheets she needed to tack up because this was the third time she had whacked her thumb with the hammer. Having a vampire for a boyfriend (at least she guessed Angel was her boyfriend now) was not really a low maintenance kind of arrangement.

He heard her cry immediately and rushed over to see what was wrong.

“Are you okay?”

“Yeah. Just not so good at the home maintenance-y things, that’s all.” That was probably an understatement, she thought as her thumb throbbed in agreement.

“You should have let me do this.”

“Angel, you’re a guest.”

He raised an eyebrow at her.

“You are. And besides, I’m not helpless, you know. Even when I’m not using magick, I can actually do stuff. Maybe not always well, okay, but that’s not the point.”

For a moment, Angel smiled, but then his eyes got serious and, once again, he was doing the insightful thing and saying all the right words.

“Willow, I’ve never thought you were helpless. Even before you discovered magick, you were one of the bravest people I had ever known. I don’t think I’ve ever told you how impressed I was with how much courage you had, right from the beginning. And you are very, very good at doing ‘stuff.’ You don’t have to hammer nails to prove yourself to me, okay?”

It was kind of hard to talk through the lump in her throat, but Willow made the effort. “Okay.”

She let Angel lift her off the stepladder and put her back down on the ground.

“Well, at least you won’t go ‘poof’ when the sun comes up.”

Angel gave her the oddest look.

“What? Did I say something wrong? Oh gosh, I didn’t mean to sound so unconcerned about the possibility of you dying a horrible flame-y death. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”

“That’s not it, Willow.” He pulled her into his arms and she could feel him smile against her head. “It’s just...that’s what Spike sometimes calls me.”

“Huh?” Okay, Willow was getting confused here.

“He’s been known to call me a ‘poof.’”

“Why?” She’d now gone from getting confused to being confused.

”It’s slang for...”

“Yeah, I know, but...isn’t he...I mean you guys were...I don’t get it.”

Angel let her go and began pacing a bit. “It’s complicated. Spike’s never been comfortable with our relationship. It’s not easy for him to be powerless." He stopped for a long moment. "I can’t imagine how hard the chip has been for him.”

There was so much history hiding in that pause and Willow knew that none of it was anything Angel wanted to relate. In that moment, Willow was the one with insight. Angel was afraid. Afraid that there were things about him that would drive her away. He was scared that if she really knew him, she wouldn’t love him. Willow knew that feeling so well.

She was too overwhelmed by this sudden sense of kinship and empathy to care that the word “love” had just occurred to her in connection with Angel. All she could think about was wanting him to know he had nothing to fear.

“You don’t have to tell me anything you don’t want to, Angel.” What seemed like a non sequitur let him know that she knew what was going on. He looked at her, really looked at her. “But I want you to know that there isn’t anything you can’t tell me. I’ve been up close and personal with your demon, after all, and I’m still right here...with you. We’ve both done things, you know? I’m okay with who you are, all of it, bad stuff included.”

Hugging was now happening again. And even though Willow kind of missed oxygen, she really didn’t want to ruin the moment by bringing up her need to breathe. Anyway, she figured Angel would let her go after she passed out and everything would be okay. So the hugging continued.

Just as she was about to do the very passing out thing she expected to, Angel loosened his hold on her and Willow’s instincts embarrassed her by making her take in huge gulps of air.

Angel’s face took on this odd colour that sort of looked like...Vampires could blush? Who knew? “Sorry. I forgot.”

“Not a problem, Angel, really. I didn’t mind.”

There went the eyebrow again. How did he do that anyway? Willow experimentally tried to move one eyebrow. Both moved at once. She kept trying and found herself frustrated as she could feel them refusing to work independently. This was so unfair. After a few moments, however, she was distracted from her efforts by Angel’s laughter.

“What?”

He was nearly doubled over. “What were you doing?”

Oh gosh. She must have looked so bizarre. “I was trying to do that eyebrow thing you do. Only mine don’t work separately the way yours do, I guess.”

Angel was laughing all the harder and Willow was mortified. She was about to leave the room and run upstairs when Angel’s hand on her arm stopped her. “You’re adorable, Willow. You’re like no one else in the world.”

Oh shoot. Was she the only person on the planet who couldn’t do that eyebrow thing? But wait, how would Angel even know that? He couldn’t possibly have seen every single person in the world, even in two hundred years.

She was about to start calculating exactly what it would take to visit every single city and town on Earth when something distracted her...or rather, someone. Angel. Because he was kissing her, and while that was happening it was pretty hard to think about anything else. Or to think at all for that matter.

Her arms went around him, pulling him closer and Willow no longer gave a gosh darn if she could move her eyebrows at all, let alone move one at a time. Heck, shave ‘em off for all she cared. Scratch that - Angel might think she looked funny with no eyebrows and that would be bad.

The kissing was going on and on and Willow was once again waiting to pass out, but Angel’s lips left hers just in time, though it wasn’t much easier to breathe when they did because he was doing this really - incredible - thing to her earlobe and...oh my, did he ever know what to do with his hands.

Suddenly, it occurred to her that, if things kept on like this, she and Angel would be having sex on her parents’ living room floor and that would really not be her first choice of romantic places to begin the next phase of their relationship.

“Angel...Angel.” She wasn’t having much luck at getting him to listen to her. “Angel!” She practically shouted and that did the trick. “I hate to do this to you again, but this is really kind of a bad place for this, you know?”

Angel blinked and looked a bit befuddled, but he stopped with the naughty touching and that was bad...no, good, it was good, that’s what she meant.

He looked a lot less delighted than he had the first time she’d pulled this same move and she really couldn’t blame him. Heck, she was ready to punch herself in the face right now. Darn, was she ever frustrated. She looked around the hopelessly dull and conservative room and it now looked like the love nest of her dreams. Sadly, she knew it was too late for her sudden change in aesthetic.

“Guess I kind of ruined the mood and all, huh?”

Silence from Angel.

“Okay. Well, if you wanna go get your things from the car, I’ll go upstairs and find something to wear ‘cause I’m so not expecting you to bring my bags in at this point and you can sleep in my parents’ room or down here or wherever you like, okay?”

Willow didn’t gave Angel a chance to answer as she bounded out of the room and up the stairs. She was ready to cry. Why did she even give a darn where she and Angel made love anyway? It would have been great no matter where it was. She might very well have ended this relationship before it began and over what? Location?

She was about to burst into tears, but something inside stopped her. What had she said earlier tonight? Something about not being helpless? Well it was true. She wasn’t helpless. She’d screwed this up, okay; now she was going to fix things. But how...how...?

Seduction. That was it! She’d seduce him! But again with the “how?”

She rooted through the dresser drawers in her bedroom like she was looking for the holy grail in their confines. She couldn’t find any nightwear that even looked like it should be worn by a grown-up, let alone by a woman looking to inspire lust.

But just when she was about to lose all hope, she found it - it - and it was just like finding that spell book - pure magic.

The sleep-shirt. The sleep-shirt. The one that Angel had seen her in that night so long ago when he’d had naughty thoughts about her for the first time. Yeah! This was just the ticket.

She scooped up her prize and hurried into the bathroom. She was pretty sure there was still some mouthwash in there, maybe even a toothbrush. She’d freshen up, put on her “seduction outfit” and then: Watch out, Angel!

A few moments later, ablutions finished, Willow cautiously emerged from the bathroom. Much to her surprise, Angel was in her room, staring at the sheet that hung over the french doors...practically naked! Okay, so really he was wearing a pair of pajama bottoms, but hey - no shirt! That had to qualify, especially since it was Angel who was shirtless. What a body! Yum. And that tattoo. Did she say yum already? Well, no matter, she’d just say it again. Yum.

“I’m not supposed to have boys in my room.”

Angel spun around and stared at her, eyes wide with lust...lust! In fact, he was looking at her like she was the sexiest woman he’d ever seen. Goody! Who needed black lace lingerie? Heck, if all guys were like Angel, Victoria’s Secret would go bankrupt in six months.

“I promise to behave myself.”

“What if I don’t want you to?”

Of course, being just like her, Angel picked this moment to break the mood, but only a little bit.

“About what happened downstairs...Willow, I’m sorry. I was a jerk. I acted like some immature sixteen year old boy and...”

She was touched that he was apologizing, but in actuality, the whole thing was her fault. She just couldn’t let him take the blame for her stupidity.

“No, Angel, really. It was me. I should have just gone with the flow, you know? Because really, it would have been great, even in my parents’ living room, I mean...”

“You were absolutely right. What kind of place would that have been for us to make love for the first time? I was selfish.”

“I was the selfish one. I had this silly, schoolgirl fantasy of where we should be for our first time and really, it’s not the ‘where’ that even matters and...”

Willow stopped in mid-sentence. Angel was laughing again. This time, however, Willow quickly joined in. Arguing over who was the bigger fool was pretty funny. Leave it to the two of them. They really did have way too much in common. Not that Willow minded. It felt good to be with someone who made her feel almost normal.

And amazingly enough, none of this hilarity was killing the lust factor for her at all; she was still getting more hot and bothered by the second staring at a half-dressed Angel in her old bedroom. He didn’t seem to have lost the plot either. They’d both gotten over their fit of hysterics and were now right back to exchanging passionate looks.

The looking part didn’t last too long. Before she knew it, Willow was in Angel’s arms and it looked like they were going to pick things up right where they’d left off, only now his kisses were even more intense. Angel seemed determined that, this time, even her parents walking in wouldn’t stop her from screwing him senseless. He was doing a pretty good job of making her feel just that hot. There were lips and hands and fingers and...ooh, yeah, right there - just like that.

Of course, Willow was hardly a passive object in all these goings-on. Her lips and hands and fingers were pretty busy themselves. She’d found this spot on Angel’s neck where if she teased it with her teeth just right, she’d hear this really neat moaning noise and he also seemed to approve of how good she was at wrapping her fingers around his silk covered cock and...

“Willow, your shirt...I don’t want to tear it.”

Oh gosh. No turning back now. Not that she wanted to, but oh my gosh...she was going to make love to Angel. To Angel. Breathe, Willow, breathe. You need to be conscious for this. You want to be conscious for this.

Over her head went the shirt and then it was thrown across the room. Good thing she’d decided to leave off her panties. She’d been optimistic and...surprise: For once she’d been right.

Angel picked her up and practically threw her onto the bed before shedding his pants. Oh.

She’d thought he was big, but now that she was seeing him...oh my gosh! Oh - my - gosh. He was really, really big. Not that it was going to be a problem, it was just...okay, maybe a problem considering she’d only ever been with one guy and that was quite a long time ago and...c’mon, Willow. Angel knows what he’s doing. This will be great. You’ll see.

Of course, he sensed her fear (well, no, it wasn’t really fear, it was just...kinda-sorta like fear - but not actually fear) and he was quick to reassure her. “It’s okay, Willow. It will be fine. I promise I won’t hurt you.”

“I trust you, Angel.” She meant it, too, and not just about the sex, either. She knew, knew, that when he said he wouldn’t hurt her, it meant more than just tonight in bed. It meant she was safe, and so was her heart.

He was staring at her, looking her over as if every inch of her was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. It made Willow blush and she wished the covers had been turned down so she could pull them over herself.

“You’re so lovely.”

“No, no, I’m not.”

“Yes, you are, Willow. You’re exquisite.”

She opened her mouth to protest again, but found her words swallowed in a passionate kiss. He started caressing her, his hands mapping her body, claiming it...claiming her. She did the same, marveling at the smoothness of his skin - the feel of the tattoo somehow different from the rest of his body - relishing the taut curve of his buttocks. He was the exquisite one. It was like being in bed with some marvelous sculpture or a Greek god. He just couldn’t be real.

But he was, and she soon felt it. Spreading her legs, he made sure she was ready before he entered her and...it hurt. But it didn’t. It was glorious, even the pain. It was like he was a part of her that should have been there all along. She felt complete and whole and...really, really wonderful. She even felt beautiful, more beautiful than she ever had before. And the look in Angel’s eyes as he moved inside her only made her feel even closer to ecstasy. She almost cried with the joy that she felt. Making love to Angel was perfect. No matter what happened, Willow knew this was right. They were meant to be.

That was the last thing she thought for a very long time.

Tbc...