I walked into her apartment, my knees trembling beneath me, unsure of what I was getting myself into, but more than eager to find out. The room was very dimly lit, one small table lamp covered by a thin red scarf, casting a rosy hue over everything, served as the only source of light. I surveyed the scene, building up my courage to continue, as I closed the door behind me. As I entered, I noticed a small note, neatly folded on the end table next to the lamp with my name written on it. I picked it up, the delicate handwriting contained inside directing my next move.
"Please pour yourself a drink from the bar and join me in the bedroom, just leave your envelope here on the table."
I held the note to my nose and inhaled what I could only imagine was her intoxicating aroma, my cock already starting to stir in my pants from the excitement. I dug my envelope from my pocket and placed it on the table, $500 as agreed. Money well spent, I told myself, this will all be worth it.
I walked over to the bar and poured myself a glass of bourbon, swallowed it down in one gulp, and then poured another, hoping it would chase away my anxiety. From where I was standing, I could hear the faint sound of music, sounded like jazz, playing in the background. I followed the sound down a narrow hallway, toward a dimly lit room, the music gradually growing louder and louder. As I neared the doorway, I could make out another note, taped to the closed door, the music coming from the other side. I reached up and took it from the door, reading my next command.
"Come in and lie down on the bed, I'll be ready shortly and join you. Oh, and take off your clothes, you won't be needing them any longer tonight."
This was my last chance to run, to turn back now and go home. That's what the logical side of my brain was saying, get out of there, NOW. Who knows what is behind this door?? Who knows what will happen next??
But something else was driving me on, maybe it was the unknown, maybe it was because I wasn't going to be in control, I couldn't quite figure it out, but it was pushing me forward nonetheless. I downed my second glass of bourbon, took off my pants and shirt, folded them neatly, and set them on the floor next to the door. Fuck it, I thought to myself, if I don't do this now, I never will.
I opened the door to her bedroom, the smell of incense filling my nostrils and the smooth sounds of the jazz music filling my ears, my hard cock leading me forward like a compass. On one side of the room was a queen-sized bed with a very ornate brass frame, the bedding neatly folded down, awaiting my arrival, and two small end tables on either side. On the other side was a room divider with several large, almost transparent panels. The room was dark, lit only by candlelight, but I could make out the silhouette of someone on the other side of the divider. I walked over to the bed and laid down as I had been instructed. There was a blindfold and another note (this one with a lipstick kiss on it) lying on the pillow.
"Make yourself comfortable for a few minutes and enjoy the show, when you are ready, put the blindfold on and wait for me. XOXO, Ariel."
I watched her through the divider screens as she slowly took off her robe and dropped it to the floor at her feet. I stared, mesmerized by her shapely body, becoming more and more aroused just from her silhouette dancing behind the screen. Though I couldn't tell for sure, she appeared to be facing away from me. She lifted her arms up behind her and unclasped her bra, holding it out to the side of the divider, and then dropped it onto the floor. Next, she hooked her thumbs under her panties, bent over at the waist, and slid them over her ass and down her legs, flicking them over the top of the divider and onto the bed next to me. I picked them up and held them to my nose, breathing in her scent as I continued to watch, taking her panties and rubbing them against my rock-hard cock as I watched the show taking place before me. She then turned, giving me a look at her body in profile, her large, full breasts, and plump, shapely ass coming better into view, my arousal continuing to grow.
Then I saw her erect cock spring up from between her legs, pointing straight out from her stomach, and I almost came all over myself and her panties.
She started stroking herself, slowly, seemingly making her cock grow even larger in front of me. It looked to be a good 7 or 8 inches long, her hands not covering the end as she masturbated for me. As she turned to face me, presumably still stroking her massive girl cock, I heard her voice for the first time,
"Are you ready for me?? Do you have your blindfold on yet??"
I reached over and put my blindfold on, disappointed I wasn't going to get to see anymore right now, but overjoyed at what I hoped was about to happen.
"I do," I said, "I'm ready."
"Good," she replied, "turn over and lie on your stomach."
I did as I was told and flipped over on her bed. I could hear the floor creaking as she approached me, joining me on the bed. I was trembling with nervous excitement, my body felt like it was on fire, waiting for her touch. I could feel the bed shift as she climbed up and joined me, getting into a kneeling position behind me and straddling her legs across my body. I felt her warm, soft hands begin to knead and rub my back, easing my tension my worries starting to fade away.
"Just relax baby," she purred, "I promise I won't hurt you."
She continued rubbing, working her magic hands all over my body, up and down my back, over my shoulders, up and down my legs, I was beginning to feel like putty in her hands as I became more and more at ease. She slid her body down and laid against me, skin to skin, our flesh pressing together. Her body was warm and soft and she smelled of lavender. I could feel her heavy breasts resting against my back, her nipples hard and pressing into my skin. She began to move her hips slowly and I could feel her hard womanhood sliding in between my ass cheeks, her cock growing harder and harder. She leaned in close, her mouth right next to my ear, her breathing quickening.
"Do you feel better now?? Are you ready for me baby??" she asked, nibbling at my ear.
My cock was aching beneath me, squirming against the sheets, and the thought of this gorgeous, naked, TS woman in total control of me had me almost boiling over.
"Yes," I replied, "Oh God yes."
"Tell me," she purred into my ear, "tell me what you want..."
"I want to taste you," I said, "I want to suck your cock."
I was almost shocked at my reply, even as far as I had already gone, I still didn't know if I had, or would have, the balls to go through with this. My desires were bubbling quickly to the surface, I wanted to continue, I wanted to do those things that I had only fantasized about, and I wanted to do them with her.
I felt the bed move as she stepped down to the floor and walked around to the headboard. I felt her hand gently pressing against the back of my head, directing me toward her. I could smell her scent, a mix of the lavender and her natural muskiness, as I allowed myself to be controlled. I felt her cock lightly brush against my lips, startling me, and I instinctively pulled my head back. Sensing my uneasiness, she gently stroked my hair and eased my face back toward her, reassuring me that everything would be alright, and brushed her cock against my lips once more.
"Go on," she whispered, "It's ok, just taste me."
I opened my mouth slightly and stuck out my tongue, searching for her treat. Her head was soft, spongy almost, as my mouth made its first contact with her dick. I began to lick, not knowing entirely what I was doing, like I would lick a lollipop, licking the underside, flicking my tongue against her head, just trying to get accustomed to the fact that I had someone's cock in my face.
"Why don't you go ahead and take it into your mouth honey," she said, nudging me on.
I opened my mouth and she pushed her cock forward, her head slipping completely into my mouth. I paused for a second, again unsure of what to do, before I started sucking, just slurping on her cock head. I felt her hands slide down to the sides of my face, massaging my jawline, inviting me to open up and accept her hard prick into my mouth.
"Just relax," she purred, as she continued rubbing, "I promise I'll go slow."
I opened my mouth more, inviting her inside, and I felt her push her hips forward, her cock slowly entering my mouth. Involuntarily, I began to gag, obviously not very accustomed to performing oral sex on a dick.
"It's ok," she reassured me, "that happens with a lot of first timers. We'll just go real slow, you're doing fine."
I opened my mouth wider, determined to get this right, and she began to slide her cock into my mouth again. When she had 4 or 5 inches inside, she stopped, and slid partially back out, before sliding back in again, letting me get used to the sensation. As I began to relax more and more, I resumed sucking and flicking my tongue against her cock, eliciting a slight moan from her. She slid more of her meat into my mouth, until eventually my chin came to rest against her groin and balls, her cock buried into my throat.
"That's it," she cooed, reassuringly, "keep using your tongue."
I closed my lips around her prick and flicked my tongue vigorously against her head, sucking on my new treat like a baby with a pacifier. I reached my hand over and found her thigh, holding on for leverage as she began to pump with a little more urgency. I slid my other hand up under her and found her balls, big and plump, and began to rub them in my hand, hoping they would empty their contents into my mouth soon. Obviously, she was enjoying what I was doing as I could hear her breathing quicken again.
"Mmmmmmm," she groaned, "you're a quick learner."
She was pumping away now, pistoning her hard tool into my mouth as I sucked her and played with her balls. I could feel her cock swelling and begin to throb in my mouth, and knowing she was close to cumming, I was determined to make her feel good. Suddenly, she reached down and yanked my blindfold off, I started blinking my eyes, trying to adjust to the light, so I could see what was happening.
As my vision cleared, I looked up at my goddess, her cock buried in my mouth, an expression of pure lust in her eyes. She was everything I could have imagined and at that moment, I was exactly where I wanted to be. She was tall, probably 6 foot or better, with large, supple breasts that were heaving against her chest, sweat beading between them and running down over her sculpted abs. Her hips were wide, flaring out from her tiny waist, capturing that plump, shapely ass I was drooling over earlier. Her hair was short and cut close to her face, almost like a pixie cut, and was platinum blond. She had multiple piercings in both of her ears, one in her left nipple, and several large tattoos covering her body that contrasted nicely against her fair colored skin. The one directly in my view at the moment was a large, red rose on her right thigh intertwined with a large gothic looking cross.
"Well, hello there," she said, snapping me back into the moment, "I wanted to look into your eyes while I fed you my cum."
I stared into her eyes, transfixed by their beauty, as I continued to suck her massive organ. They were a clear blue color, almost transparent, and I felt as if she was staring into my soul, seeing all of my deepest desires, as she continued to fuck my face.
"Here it comes, baby," she cried out, "Ahhhh, I'm cumming, ahhhhh..."
I opened my mouth and braced myself as her cock began to unload. Shot after shot, she deposited her warm, sticky sperm into my waiting mouth, me greedily swallowing every drop as if it were the last food on Earth. She continued to ejaculate, feeding me her semen, until she was spent, and her cock began to deflate. I continued to milk her until she was done, even extracting the last remnants from her cock slit with my tongue, savoring her taste.
"My my," she said, her breasts heaving from her orgasm as her cock was still in my mouth, "aren't we an eager one?? You sure you've never done that before??"
I nodded my head, smiling at up her, as I continued bobbing on her girl meat, her cum already settling into my stomach.
"So...what would you like to do next??" she asked, a lustful twinkle still visible in her eyes and a mischievous grin on her face.
As her cock plopped from my mouth, allowing me to swallow the last of her delicious load, I finally got a good look at it. It was pretty large, my initial estimate of 7 or 8 inches was pretty close, and had a nice girth to it. She was circumcised, with a large, mushroom shaped head on top, and two large, perfectly hairless balls beneath. I watched as it swayed with her breathing, like it was waving to me, beckoning me to suck it again. Just like the rest of her, Ariel's cock was gorgeous.
"Speechless huh??" she asked, giggling at me staring at her cock, "I'm pretty proud of her too."
"I really enjoyed sucking it," I said, stammering to find any words that made sense at this point, "I think..., I think I'd like to do more." I said, before trailing off, probably sounding like a total dipshit.
"Well, we can do anything you want honey," Ariel replied, "Do you have anything special in mind??"
"I'd like you to fu..., uhm,..., you know, ...top me," I said, trailing off, feeling a little embarrassed trying to figure out how to tell this beautiful woman what my kinkiest desires are.
"Do you want me to fuck you baby??" she asked as she leaned down close to me, taking my face in her hands, and kissing me deeply on the lips, her tongue darting inside of my mouth. "Shove this big, hard, girl cock up your tight little ass?? How does that sound??" she asked, breaking our kiss.
"Yes, please," was all I could muster at the time, my arousal growing exponentially and taking control.
"I certainly think we can make that happen," she said, moving over and sitting on the bed next to me. "Tell me, do you have any certain positions that you like or don't like??"
"I'd like for you to kinda take charge, tell me what to do a little," I said, sitting up as we talked, "and I'd really like to ride you too if that's OK."
"I like that," she said, grinning at me as she took my cock in her hand, "I love it when boys like to watch me while I fuck them."
Then, without warning, Ariel pushed me back onto the bed on my back and swallowed my cock in one gulp. I had gotten so aroused sucking her off earlier that my cock was like an iron rod, ready to blow at any moment. Her mouth felt wonderful, so warm and moist, better than I could have ever imagined, and as turned on as I was, I knew there was no way I'd last very long. Ariel pulled her mouth off my cock for a moment and wet her fingers, before resuming sucking me. As I moaned and writhed with pleasure from the blowjob I was receiving, I felt her slide her moist fingers down my crack and into my virgin asshole. As she slid two fingers knuckle deep inside of me, I exploded, my cum bursting forth like a ruptured dam.
"Shiiiiiiiiitttttttttttt!!" I cried out, my orgasm blowing through my body like a tsunami.
Ariel continued sucking my cock and pumping her fingers into my ass as I came, draining every ounce of my load from my body, as I unleashed my cum torrent. As the wave subsided, she leaned forward and kissed me, feeding me my own cum, it mingling in our mouths. I gladly accepted; my body still high from the effects of her blowjob as she continued fingering my ass.
"You like that??" she panted into my mouth, still probing my hole with her fingers, "You want my cock in there now??"
"Yes, Ariel, please!!" I cried out, surprising myself with my boldness all of a sudden, an obvious effect of my lust overtaking me.
"I think you want it a little rough, don't you??" she asked, flipping me back over face down on the bed. I felt her mount up behind me and squat down between my legs, using her knees to separate my legs, spreading me open for her.
"Do you enjoy my fingers??" she asked, beginning to rub them against my asshole again, teasing me by sliding them in and out. "I think you did, look at how you're rocking back against my hand now."
She was right, I found myself unconsciously grinding my hips backwards into her hand, assisting her in pumping her fingers in and out of my ass. Even though I had just cum, I was rock hard again already. God, I wanted her to fuck me!!
"Tell me what you want," she said, almost demanding, "you want my big cock inside of you, don't you?? Tell me you want me to fuck you."
"Yes, please fuck me, please fuck me!!" I cried out, almost begging.
Ariel pushed my head down into the pillow as she kneeled behind me, pulling my ass up into the air. She pulled her fingers from my ass, leaving my hole gaping open and gasping for more, and quickly replaced them with her dick, filling me to the brim.
"Aghhhhhhhhh!!" I cried out, my asshole stretching to accommodate her size.
"Just relax and try to keep breathing," she said encouragingly, "it will pass in a second, just breathe."
I tried to relax and not think about the searing pain in my ass; however, I was finding it very difficult at the moment. Ariel reached around beneath me and grabbed my cock, stroking it gently, pre-cum starting to form on my tip. As she stroked me, she started to rock her hips, slowly and gently, letting me get used to being filled by her. Gradually the pain subsided and was replaced by bliss, her thrusting increasing as she started to fuck me, rhythmically pumping her erect cock in and out of me. My cock was getting harder and harder by the moment as my ass was being taken by a TS goddess.
"That's it, how does that feel??" she asked, as she continued to pick up the pace of her thrusting, "Do you like my girl cock inside of you?? Do you like me filling you up baby??"
My brain was turning to mush, every time she shoved her dick into me, waves of pleasure shot through my body, almost like electric shocks. I felt like I was drooling on the pillow and couldn't even mouth anything intelligible to reply at this point, I just continued moaning louder and louder.
"Mmmmmm," she said, obviously pleased with her handiwork, "I'll take that as a yes."
Ariel was pumping me for all she was worth now, having lathered herself up to a good pace, hammering her massive she cock into my ass, and I was loving it. She grabbed my shoulders and continued pumping, pushing and pulling my body onto her prick, using me like a plastic fuck doll for her pleasure. My cock was leaking cum everywhere, covering the sheets beneath me, pumping out dollop after dollop with each thrust of Ariel's hips, totally out of my own control.
"I think it's time for you to go for a ride big boy," she said, thrusting her cock as far into me as she could go and holding me there, completely hilted on her rock-hard dick, as she pulled me back on top of her as she sat down onto her ass. In one motion, she spun me around so that I was now facing her, riding her cowboy style, just like I wanted.
"Now, let's see you do some work and I'll just enjoy the show," she said, lying down, leaving me straddling her, her cock still buried balls deep in my ass.
I gathered myself, shifted up onto my knees, and rocked my body forward, stopping just before Ariel's cock slid all the way out of me, as I lifted my ass up ever so slightly. I shifted my weight and rocked back, allowing her dick to slide all the way back inside, impaling myself on her root again. I continued this motion a few more times, getting myself accustomed to riding Ariel's big dick, before I started to pick up the pace, really grinding my ass down onto her beautiful prick.
"That's it," she purred, reaching up to pinch her nipples, "fuck yourself on my cock."  
I leaned back, placing my hands on Ariel's thighs behind me, and really started humping, bouncing myself up and down on her rigid tool, allowing her cock into the depths of my ass that I thought were unreachable. My own cock was flopping wildly between us, matching my thrusts and slapping against Ariel's toned stomach as I bounced, leaking pre-cum onto her as I rode. She reached up and grabbed my hips, somehow pushing her throbbing cock further inside of me, matching the timing of my hips with hers as our bodies slammed together, my TS goddess taking me as her own.
"God you are so tight," she grunted as she slammed her cock into my ass, "Jerk your cock while I fuck you, I want you to cum from my dick inside of you."
I started stroking my cock, watching Ariel's gorgeous tits bouncing up and down as I rode her, her monster cock filling me up, fucking me for all she was worth. My head was spinning from the pounding I was taking and the lust consuming my body, I could feel my orgasm building from deep within, Ariel's cock pummeling my prostate, causing my body to shake with each thrust.
"I'm gonna cum Ariel!!" I cried out, my orgasm washing over me.
"Cum on my tits," she hissed, "cum from this big cock filling you up!!"
Whatever was left of me in that moment came rushing out of the end of my penis, blasting out and onto Ariel's tits, coating them in my baby batter. I stroked and stroked, shooting shot after shot onto her chest, until I was spent, totally drained and empty.
Ariel sat up, wrapped her arms around me and began kissing me, her tongue probing the depths of my mouth much like her dick was currently doing to my ass. She held me in place, fully impaled on her erect cock, and began pumping her hips even faster, thrusting deeper and deeper into my ass.
"I'm gonna cum now baby," she said, holding my face close to hers, "I'm going to breed your sweet little ass with my seed. Tell me how much you want it, tell me you want my cum in your ass."
"Please...yes..." was all I could get out, my eyes rolling back in my head.
Ariel hilted her fat cock into me, my ass coming to rest against her groin. I could feel her dick throb inside of me, and then unload, blasting her seed into my bowels and coating my insides. She pulled me close and began kissing me again, as she filled me with cum, pumping me so full that I could feel it leaking out of my ass and down onto the bed beneath me. She pumped a few more times until she was empty, and then slowly laid me down on my back, totally fucked out, completely filled, and absolutely exhilarated.
She slipped her now deflating cock from my ass and crawled up my body, pressed her nipple to my mouth, and fed me my own cum from her breasts, which I gladly accepted like it was manna from the heavens. She continued crawling forward and straddled my head, her beautiful cock right over my face, our juices coating it, making it slick and appear to glow in the candlelight. I opened my mouth and she slipped it inside, feeding me a mixture of my own ass juices and her cum, swirling together as I sucked her, never wanting to be without her cock again. Once she was satisfied that I had cleaned her dick sufficiently, she crawled over to the side of me and laid next to me on the bed, lit a cigarette, and passed it to me after taking a drag.
"Well, should we make this a regular occurrence??" she asked, exhaling the smoke from the cigarette.
"I definitely think so," I replied, slowly taking a drag, reveling in post orgasmic bliss.