Men aren't called 'Beautiful' very often -- handsome or virile maybe, even studs -- but this is a story about the man's side of the BBW equation. The side that shows a large man can be treated and avoided as often as a large lady. You might say that it's okay to be here, if I don't have to date you. So I call it the story of a Big Beautiful Man, a BBM.
I needed a job. I was a working woman in a man's world, or I wanted to be. I'd been out of work for more than six months and was running short in my bank account. I'm a hard worker and a minor computer geek and know some of the standard PC applications like Word, Excel and Access. But, doesn't everyone? My last job was lost during downsizing and you know the current economy.
I'd been out everyday, beating the bushes, checking every Internet job search site I could locate and had gone to the classified ads in the newspaper. It was near the end of the day and I was tired and frustrated. The last guy I'd called had left it with "... don't call us, we'll call you." Right! And I'll win the lottery tonight.
I sat in the car, about ready to head home, when a small ad in the paper caught my eye. I'm not a domestic, but my place is clean, and this was a small ad placed by a single guy, living alone, looking for someone to do part-time domestic work like cleaning, dish-washing, clothes-washing, and other regular stuff. The pay was good for two to three days of part-time work, and it would leave me free to pursue other job opportunities. It couldn't hurt to call, so I did.
I got an answering machine asking the caller to phone back after six. It was already after five-thirty, and the voice was nice, so I headed home and planned to call back when I got there.
At about five after six I called again. This time he answered the phone. I explained why I was calling and he sounded interested. He asked me a few careful questions and explained more exactly what he expected. I verified the salary and he asked when we could talk more. I made an appointment for six- thirty the following evening and wondered what he looked like. He sounded educated, polite, soft-spoken and interesting.
When I got there the next evening I was rather shocked. The apartment was a kitchen, living room, bathroom, and one bedroom. It was already clean and neat because he told me that he'd cleaned up a little after we'd talked last night. I could handle the work easily and with the salary it would help out my financial plight. He also had all the machinery I'd need to help in cleaning.
My shock came when I saw the guy. He was six foot tall, not bad looking, had a small mustache and Fu-Manchu, and long brown hair and he was indeed very polite. The surprise was the guy must have weighed over four hundred pounds -- he was a very large man. His size made him walk kind of funny, but he was nimble. All of his furniture was oversized, too.
I'd worn a conservative outfit, skirt and blouse suitable for an interview, and he was dressed in white shirt, tie, and slacks. He asked me to sit at the table and then went through my references. I was only slightly uncomfortable because of his size, but he soon had me relaxed, and the interview went well. However, because of his size I wasn't sure now that I wanted the job and asked for time to think it over if he was interested. He said that he was interested and made me the offer and then he gave me his business card and asked me to call with my decision.
I wasn't really planning to do more than call him the next day and turn him down, but that morning I got a call from my bank. It's a good bank, but they told me that they'd just cleared the check for my rent. They also said that I had about eight dollars left in the account and that I would be receiving a service charge from the low maintained balance.
Well it was hard times, so I called the guy and accepted the job. After he'd thanked me for calling back and for accepting, he told me where to find the key for his apartment.
I went over just past noon and found the key right where he'd told me. I left the door open until I'd checked the entire apartment and made sure I was alone, and then closed it and went to work. I started with the dishes, not many of them because he apparently ate out most of the time. When I opened the refrigerator, it was nearly empty, but I discarded some sour milk and a plastic bag full of green and squishy stuff that might have been lettuce in an earlier incarnation. I also removed some small bowls that contained things that had dried or molded in place. I emptied and washed the bowls.
Next, I straightened the living room, discarded old junk mail and some old newspapers and then vacuumed. Finally, I moved on to the bathroom and bedroom. I washed the tub and shower even though they really weren't dirty and I put a few things away. I changed the towels and then pulled the sheets from the bed and changed them. I picked things up and straightened things out and then I got clothes from the hamper and went down to the apartment complex's laundry room. I used my own money to wash and dry the stuff and went back upstairs.
While I folded and put things away, I noticed several pair of his briefs. Because I was curious, I wrapped one of them around me, and it almost made four complete trips. I'm only five foot two and weigh about a hundred and fifty, so I'm no small girl, but this guy was huge. I finished cleaning and left.
About six-thirty my phone rang and it was him, again. He thanked me for everything I'd done and noticed that I'd washed and dried clothes. He said he would leave some money on the kitchen table to reimburse me. What a kind man I thought, to call me, thank me, and reimburse me.
The next morning I was there at about ten. It wasn't a work day, but I needed the money to eat. When I checked the kitchen table, he'd written me a check for the week's work even though I had just started. He'd added an extra twenty dollars for reimbursement and any future washing that needed to be done. In a postscript he added that I was to leave him a note any time the laundry money started running low and he would leave more on the table.
Well, you can't imagine how welcome that check was as I put it in the bank. In appreciation for his generosity, I straightened up the place again and made the bed. It was only twenty minutes of work, and it might let the boss know how grateful I was. I believe that it never hurts to give a little extra on the job.
About a month later, still looking for a job, I got to his place about nine one morning, entered and started work. I'd finished the kitchen and living room, and just finished the bathroom when I noticed his bedroom door was shut. I opened the door and started to enter when I noticed that he was still here.
I was amazed and a little embarrassed because I found out that he slept nude. He was asleep on his back and his stomach was almost flat with his chest. What amazed and intrigued me, was that he had a full erection in his sleep. I noticed that he wasn't huge, nor was he small, but very comfortably sized. For some reason, I was intrigued and continued to watch him for several minutes. He was still fully aroused as I quietly stepped back into the hall and almost closed the door.
Before I closed it, I stood watching him through the small opening of the almost closed door. I don't know why. I'd seen men before, many times, and seen even more pictures and had several discussions with girls at work, but I was still intrigued by the sight of this man. I must have watched for another ten minutes until he stirred slightly and turned on his side facing me without waking. Now I could see even more of him and he was still aroused. He hadn't once touched himself and but now I was very aroused.
What was I thinking? This man, if he ever rolled over on me, sat on me, or fell on me would crush me. Even so, my mind wondered what it would be like to sit on top of him and feel that arousal first hand and in both hands.
Finally, I managed to close the door, assemble my things and leave. The phone rang about one o'clock that afternoon and it was him. He thanked me for what I'd done and explained that he was still home because he'd had to work late the night before and into the early hours of this morning trying to finish a project. I explained that I'd heard a slight snore from the closed door and assumed he was still home and so I'd left. I lied.
Another week went by and I still had a vivid picture of him in my mind. I'd had a late interview and so I finally arrived at his place about five. While I was cleaning, I noticed the tremendous quantity of books he had. Some were stacked, but most were in nice bookcases in the living and bed rooms. Apparently, his interests ran from his job to world religions and more. I noticed a small diploma packet slid between two books on a bookshelf and pulled it out. He held a Master's Degree in Computer Science from a well-known university.
Many books on computer science and networking dotted his bookshelves. It seemed strange that I'd never noticed before, and never thought to ask what he did for work. I was dusting the shelves when I heard a key in the door. I turned as he opened the door and then remembered how late it already was. I apologized, but he just asked if he could help me finish. As we went through the rest of the apartment, we talked.
He told me that he worked full-time at a small Network Systems Management company and taught occasional classes at the university. When he asked, I felt embarrassed at my limited knowledge, but told him what my previous jobs had been. He asked about my job search and when I told him of my bad luck, he volunteered to help tutor me if I wanted.
He asked if I had to be home right away and when I said I was only going to do my own laundry, he said that the least he could do for keeping me late was to fix dinner. He was an excellent cook and even insisted on doing the dishes himself. I told you he was a nice guy. He was well-bred and he had great manners. I enjoyed the evening. When I left, I had four recommended books in my bag that he'd loaned me and the privilege of borrowing any others that I thought interesting.
I took off almost a week from job searching and concentrated on those books. Some of the material I already knew and some was duplicated between texts. I finished them rather quickly and borrowed more.
About two weeks later, I arrived nearly at my usual time and started cleaning. After a few minutes, I heard water running and looked around the apartment. Finally I went to the bathroom, a light was on and the door was open. He was in the shower. I stepped back to the outside edge of the doorway and peered in. I could see most of him through the fogged door of the shower. As he turned, I noticed that he was completing a soap down and he was sporting an erection again.
I thought to myself and wondered if this man was always aroused. Then I watched as he took it in his hands and washed it thoroughly. It almost seemed alive in his hands, but he wasn't masturbating, he was washing. Now, I was aroused again. As he took the shower head down and started to rinse, it was my cue to leave.
However, this time I just returned to the kitchen and started puttering. I heard the shower turned off and a few moments later he walked into the living room with a towel over his head drying his hair and a towel around his waist. He must have heard me because he threw back the head towel and stared at me. Instantly he was red-faced and apologizing and startedto back up. It was cute until the towel around his waist came loose and fell to the floor and completely exposed him. He screamed an apology and fled for the hallway. I was smiling, and still aroused, as I walked over and picked up the towel.
I felt the dampness of the towel and smelled him on it. It was a pleasant smell. Slowly, I walked to the bedroom door and knocked. He was almost too embarrassed to answer, but finally began apologizing. I knocked again and said that I had something he dropped. He came to the door, saw the towel and reached for it.
But, I wasn't giving it back just yet. I told him not to be embarrassed and that I'd seen naked men before. I also told him that I thought it was cute that he was so concerned about embarrassing me. And then I told him that I wasn't embarrassed and kind of enjoyed the view and I smiled at him. Then I whispered that he should tell me beforehand the next time he was going to put on a show and giggled as I turned away.
I sat in the living room and read while I waited for him to come out of the bedroom. It took him a long time before he ventured out. When he saw me sitting there he was beet red all over and I was still smiling. He started telling me that he'd never done anything like that before and that he was sorry and that he would be much more careful in the future.
Again, I smiled and repeated that I thought the view most interesting. This only deepened his blush, so I got up slowly and walked over to him. I had to reach up to take his face in my hands, but I did and then I stood on my toes to give him a kiss on the cheek. He was so puzzled and funny, that I had to kiss him again. This time it was full on the lips and when I'd started I knew there was no going back.
This man was such a dear, gentle and polite man. He'd never been my dream, but he was so special to me that I think I loved him even then. As I pulled back, I noticed that his gaze was riveted on my cleavage and then realized that I hadn't worn a bra. It was my turn to blush, but he didn't even notice.
My breasts aren't huge, but they more than fill a 36C cup. The blouse I was wearing was shear, not see through, but sheer enough that my nipples stood at attention and could be seen. I grabbed his hand and pulled him over to the oversized sofa. When I had him seated, I crawled into his lap. I squirmed and wiggled my bottom a bit and felt his arousal under me. I think I might have had a slight climax right then, but I bent over and took his face in my hands again and gave him a really passionate kiss.
When he'd caught his breath, I looked down at my cleavage and smiled at him. I asked softly if he'd like to see more. His awkward smile told me everything I needed to know, and so I removed my blouse. He stared at my breasts and didn't move. Finally, I picked up one of his hands and placed it on one breast while I slowly massaged the other one myself.
He seemed to get the idea and copied my movements. Later I was to find out that he'd never touched a woman sexually before. Girls saw him as a friend, but never as dating material. I wiggled again and told him how glad I was that I pleased him. Again that blush turned me on.
I stood and removed my skirt and then the red panties beneath. His mouth was open and his eyes never left me. This time when I sat in his lap, I reached down and opened the front of his pants. He was too stunned to react. Slowly I reached in and pushed the briefs aside as I finally held him in my hands. He was even larger than I remembered, and thoroughly aroused, and yet just right for me.
I stood up, bent forward and kissed it and then I crawled on him and inserted his cock into me. I've never felt a man so alive and so eager and so wonderful. He knew only what stories he'd heard and read about sex. But, I didn't mind. He was mine to teach, and I started serious teaching right there. I showed him how and where to touch me as I rode him. I'd never climaxed like that, or as long as that, in my life.
Before long, I was feeling so good, but I still wanted more. I withdrew and stood on the sofa. My legs put my pussy at his face and I told him what I wanted and what he should do. It took a few minutes, but before long I was getting the best oral that I'd ever enjoyed. The man was starved, affectionate, obedient, interested, and a quick study.
Finally, I crawled up with my legs over his shoulders, sitting on them and facing him. I placed my hands on the back of his head and leaned back, and in, as I thrust my hips and ground my pussy into that Fu Manchu. I must have set a record, but his face was barely moist when he finished. He was smiling ear to ear and hugged me to him.
I crawled down and kissed him again and then I took that marvelous erection that still hadn't been satisfied between my lips and set about satisfying him. When he finally climaxed, it was the sweetest taste in the world, and I wouldn't have minded drowning in it. It seemed like he'd never climaxed before and saved it all for this day. As his climax drew to an end, I pulled back and watched as he finished. It was really a thrill watching and knowing what I had done for him.
Now, I pulled his hand and got him to come into the bedroom with me. Almost instantly, he wanted to show me what he'd learned. I gave him an 'A' for his first written examination and an 'A' for his first orals.
I had an idea and asked him to stand at the edge of the bed while I got on all fours with my ass toward him. This time I reached under and felt him firm in my hand as I guided him in. As he began to thrust, I raised and lowered myself and felt his head massaging my g-spot. I began to rock as I developed a rhythm of raising and lowering myself to keep the maximum sensation. After a few moments, I felt myself beginning a long sensuous climax and as I finally peaked, I felt him stiffen and become more excited. He drove deep into me and hard against my pleasure spot. The effect was electric and instantaneous. Afterwards as I relaxed, I felt very happy and realized that I was feeling serene and would for a few hours more. Later that day, I fixed lunch and then dinner and brought them into the bedroom. We had our mouths full much of the time but then we had meals, too.
We live together now and will be married soon. He'll never crush me, and I love going out in public with him. He's the most passionate and thoughtful lover and friend that I could ask for. As for his health, I've managed to work a few pounds off him, not too many, and I've increased his stamina a lot.