Dual Apprentices - High Society - Part Four - By Mack the Knife

Wenn stood, looking blankly at the guards. What? he asked.

Sir, we must make you arrest, said the guardsman. He held a three foot rod of some strangely dark metal. Let us not make a scene of it.

Wenn and Crissa both cringed away from the almost hostile emanations of the staff. By sight other than normal light, they could see malevolence about it. It hated magic, and disliked mages, even without anything magical about.

Captain, asked Marrat, himself visibly taken aback by the staffs negating aura, must you wield a wizardsbane so offensively?

The captain held it downward, in a less threatening manner. I apologize, but to us, Master Wenn is an unknown quotient, sir.

I understand that and I vouch for his behavior, said Marrat, giving Wenn a meaningful look.

Mandran nodded curtly and turned toward one guard, who held a large wooden case. The staff was placed within and the lid closed. It was as if a fire had been snuffed in Wenns mind. He hadnt even heard the buzzing sound in his ears until it was gone. What was that thing? he asked Marrat.

A wizardsbane, a weapon to render mages helpless, said Marrat.

Both of they young apprentices looked at the captain with newfound upset and worry. Would it hurt us? asked Wenn, eyeing the casket, but talking to Master Marrat.

Not in and of itself, but if you tried to use magic around it, it would suck your energies dry, explained Marrat. I cannot know about Crissa, her abilities are so different from ours and powered differently, as well. It might hurt her.

Crissa gave the box one last look, then turned toward the captain again. What do you mean that he killed that ass Lentan? she said. We just saw him not an two hours ago, and he was hale and hearty and full of piss and vinegar.

As you say, Mistress Crissa, said the captain, trying very hard to remain professional. But he is quite thoroughly dead now, and it was known that Master Wenn had accepted challenge to duel him this very night.

Wenn bowed up at this point. So you call my honor into question by laying claim that I ambushed him and killed him rather than face the cad in a fair fight? he asked.

That is the charge, Master Wenn, though the details must come out in the trial, said Captain Mandran. For now, you are made arrest, please.

Go with him, Wenn, and offer no resistance, commanded Marrat in a quiet voice. Do not dishonor us by adding real crime to the charges.

Wenn blinked at the old wizard, then nodded. Yes, Master Marrat, he said. 

Crissa tried to follow them as the guards formed a rough box around the young apprentice. Marrat stopped her with a old, callous, and surprisingly strong hand. No, dear, he said. You need to stay.

Her eyes turned to his, wide and pleading. But he needs me, she said.

He needs you to stay here, and clear of the confusion that his arrest will cause, said Marrat, gently nudging the doors to his foyer closed.

You do know he didnt do it, dont you? asked Crissa, blinking back tears.

Marrat shook his head. I know no such thing, though I do not believe he did it, said the old wizard.

How can you say that? asked Crissa, almost screaming. You know he didnt do it! Tears now rolled down her cheeks and she clenched her fists into tight knots.

Again, Master Marrat shook his head. I fear I cannot say that, he said.

Then look into his mind and see the truth, she said.

I cannot do that, my dear, even if I were able, said Marrat, a odd placidity coming over his features.

You wont lift a finger to defend him? she asked, her expression incredulous. What the hell is wrong with you?

Marrat moved toward the library and sat upon a small stool within the massive room. I cannot take any side in this, he said. I must remain impartial.

Why? she asked. You are his mentor, you have to take his side.

Because, said Marrat, taking out his pipe and starting to pack tobacco into the bowl, as he is a wizard, and I am the senior wizard of the duchy, I must be his judge.

- - - - - - - - - -

I cannot simply recuse myself, Crissa, you must understand that, said Marrat, sighing. We are wizards, and held to a higher standard, we must simply become impartial, even if it hurts inside to do so.

And does it hurt? she shot back. You dont seem terribly upset.

It does, my dear, said the old man.

She turned about again, hammering both her fists on the end of a large bookshelf. One protect me, I want to throttle you right now, she said.

I understand that feeling, he said mildly.

She blinked at him. Who will be his defender in the court? she asked, a small spark of hope dawning in her eyes. He is a freeman and such is his right.

Marrat nodded. Indeed, it is, he said. I have sent for a friend from Morrovale to assist in that endeavor, to act as his barrister.

She nodded and said, At least you did that much.

I had to, as the judge, it is my duty to ensure he is represented, said Marrat. I did him no special favors.

I suggest you go to bed and begin afresh on the morrow, Crissa, said Marrat, picking up a massive tome and carrying it toward his own bedchamber. You have much to do.

What have I to do, except watch my lover be tried for a murder he didnt commit? she asked.

Marrat gave her a weak smile. I assume you wish to clear his name, he said. Such things are best done with clear heads and well-rested bodies.

She blinked after him as he closed the door to his chamber.

Crissa could not think straight. Wenn was now prisoner and her life was twisted out of alignment. She stormed up to their shared tower room and threw herself onto the bed and wept, frustration bled as she wailed into the pillow, her heart hurting for her missing mate.

- - - - - - - - - -

She awoke to the sun beaming into her face. The sun did not come into this part of the room till near noon. She blinked at the blinding light and slipped from the bed.

After bathing and donning clean clothes, she walked downstairs to find Marrat sequestered in the library with the massive, heavy doors closed tight and barred. There would be no help from that quarter.

With a massive sigh, she left the house and walked aimlessly down the streets of Norboro. She was unsure where she may be going, but soon found herself standing before the student dormitory at the academy.

She glared at the building, annoyed at it. She thought, for a moment, to see if she could do something to it, using her abilities. Surely, that would help Wenn so much, she thought, then smiled at the silliness of the very idea.

Taking a massive breath, she walked toward the front doors.

An upperclassman opened the door as she approached, holding a small baton in his hand. Stop where you are, witch, he said, giving her a disdainful look. Were locked down to prevent further incidents against us by outsiders, he said.

She glowered at him. I am a student of the Academy, am I not? she asked.

He nodded. But youre a witch, he said.

Which is not necessarily a crime, you ass, she growled, taking another step toward him.

He got a hateful look on his face and his hand, bearing the short, weighted club started moving. She reached out with her mind and wrenched control of that arm from him, he slammed that hand down on the stone bannister and the baton went tumbling away.

The young man began to scream out, but she seized control of his vocal cords as well, stopping it in his throat. He then hurled himself out of her way with a flying leap over the bannister to tumble into the shrubs beside the stairs. She opened the door to see two other upperclassmen fleeing down the long corridor. Cowards, she said. There were disjointed groans from the doorway behind her.

Crissa moved down the corridor of the second story like a lioness prowling for prey. A head would poke out of a room head on one side or the other, only to be hastily jerked back inside with a sound of fear and panic.

There were two determined-looking young men standing before the door to Peris room. Crissa took control of their necks and bounced both young mens heads off the doorframe behind them. They slid quietly to the floor as she opened the door. Come Peris, she said, it isnt safe for you here.

Peris sat up from her bed. How did you - oh, no, Crissa. she said, eyeing the fallen two behind the tall blond.

They are unhurt, said Crissa, shaking her head. Or at least mostly so. They WERE holding you against your will, yes? she asked.

Yes, they were, said Peris.

Then I was justified in the force I used to win your release, replied Crissa. Her voice held a coldness in it that was rather frightening to Peris. Were going somewhere safe.

One of the young men who had been guarding the door was regaining consciousness. Crissa reinstated his slumbering state by grabbing his head and bouncing it off the wall behind him. One of the upperclassmen had a pendant clutched to his chest that glinted as if of precious metal.

Crissa peered closer and saw that it was a symbol of some sort. She pulled on it, and found it was bound about his neck by a chain. Whats this? she asked Peris. It resembled a pyramid with a burning hand superimposed on the front face of the triangular shape.

I dont know, some of the upperclassmen wear them, probably one of their secret societies the school is full of little clubs and such, said Peris, rolling her eyes.

The tall blond made harumphed and stood, taking Paris arm. She watched alertly for any movement. If the upperclassmen thought she was coming, they were leaving her an open path back to the street. The lad she had hurled into the shrubs was crawling free of them. Witch! he screamed, pointing at her. Another of the golden pendants was about this young mans neck, knocked loose by his flip into the bushes.

People on the street were beginning to stare, and some were talking. She grabbed his arm from him again and balled his hand from a pointing finger into a fist, then he punched himself in the face, knocking himself down. Crissa moved like a draft horse, plowing through the gathering people as if they were not there. They moved aside, fearful of both her power and her obvious anger.

Crissa felt fear form Peris as well, and something else, something more feral. This is arousing her, and its aimed at me, thought Crissa.

They arrived at Marrats home and she escorted the young woman up the stairs to the turret chamber. Listen, Peris, she said, speaking rapidly and pacing back and forth. I dont like girls like that, so please put that out of your head, it will never happen.

The younger girl looked somewhat hurt, but smiled. Sorry, I should have known you would see it.

I couldnt miss it, to tell the truth. Youre a girl of strong passions, said Crissa, then sat heavily in her chair. Now, I need to know all you do about those lads that framed Wenn.

Framed Wenn? asked Peris.

Theyre accusing him of murdering Lentan, said Crissa, lifting her head from her cupped hands. You didnt know this?

No, she said. I knew crossing that ass would be bad. Her eyes filled with tears.

You said there are cliques and clubs and stuff within the students, right? asked Crissa. Tell me about that clique.

Which one? asked Peris.

The one that Lentan belonged to, replied Crissa.

Peris thought for long moments, organizing her mind. Many students are sons of merchants and other freemen and commoners, she said. Lentans lot consider themselves above such, as divinely granted wealthy and powerful.

He only associates with other noble-born, then? asked Crissa.

Yes, except when he sees some use for someone else, replied the little brunette.

I wish to know what that burning hand symbol is, said Crissa. I get the feeling they all wear one.

She turned to Peris and gave her a hard, icy stare. Do you wish to help Wenn? she asked.

Of course I do, said Peris.

How badly? asked Crissa. This may become dangerous.

Peris lowered her head. This happened because he defended me, she said. Ill do whatever is needed to clear his name.

Crissa gave one sharp nod of her head and started digging in her closet. Get undressed, she told the younger girl.

The young noblewoman blinked at her, but started unfastening her dress buttons. What are we going to do? she asked.

Find out what evidence the guard holds against Wenn, said Crissa. And I cant use magic to get to it, else I will be jailed, also.

What are we going to do? repeated Peris.

Crissa tossed her an elven-style set of clothes. Were going to use the other magic you and I possess, she said and started stripping herself.

- - - - - - - - - -

The midnight watch was very dull, and the two guards on the watch house stood at ease, talking to each other.

Peris stood around the corner with Crissa. How do we get them to take us inside? she asked.

Crissa gave her a marvelously blank stare, then said, Just follow my lead, and remember, you said whatever it takes.

Oh, One protect me, said Peris, her eyes going wide. You mean to seduce them.

I do, said Crissa. And if youre to help me, youre going to seduce one of them. If youre not willing, go back to Marrats. I can do this alone.

The icy expression and cool tone of the words chilled Peris heart. I want to help, she whispered. Though I dont know how.

I can help you in that much, said Crissa. You grant me leave?

With a nervous swallow, Peris nodded.

Look at one of the guards, the one you favor, said Crissa, then smiled wickedly. Youre about to lose your virginity to him.

Will it hurt? asked Peris.

Probably, said Crissa, but youll be too excited to care.

I cannot, said Peris, breaking into tears and backing away from Crissa with fearful eyes. I just cant.

She wept openly, forcing Crissa to pull her back into the shadows of the alley. Okay, she hissed, but you will have to do something on your own. Just pleasure him with your mouth. If he decides he must poke something, Ill try to cover boths needs.

Peris expression moved to shock. And thats better? she asked, her voice rising.

Youll still be a virgin, said Crissa, shrugging.

Peris shook her head again. I still dont know how, she said.

One grant me strength, growled Crissa lifting her eyes to the stars. I didnt the first time I did it either, you know! she said. You just take the end in your mouth, bob your head down on it and play with his shaft and balls with your hands. Its not like studying higher mathematics.

Peris nodded. I suppose not, huh? she said, then she squared her shoulders and lifted her head to stare directly ahead. Okay. She had a rather determined look on her face.

The two walked from the alley and directly toward the guards. The men immediately took notice of two young girls walking in the foggy night, seeming to make straight for them.

Hello, there, you two lovelies, said one guard. He was a younger man, perhaps in his mid twenties. The other man held his tongue and watched them simply with openly appraising eyes.

Good evening, said Crissa, swinging her hips widely the last few steps.

The younger guard looked up and down her figure, quite boldly examining the long, muscular limbs and noting the absence of a loincloth beneath the elven style skirt. What can we do for you two ladies this night? he asked.

Crissa smiled and walked to stand but a foot from the tall soldier. My friend and I were having fun with a couple of lads who didnt know their limit in alcohol, she said. We thought, mayhaps, a pair of loyal guardsmen might be sober enough to satisfy our needs.

The younger guard swallowed and looked to his companion. His friend, the older of the two, was examining Peris figure in her skimpy elven garments. Arent you a bit young to be out propositioning men? he asked quietly, almost paternally.

Peris giggled. Im older than I look, sir, she said with a broad smile. Im eighteen, so Im well past allowed, am I not?

He nodded. I suppose you are, young woman, he said.

Crissa stepped closer. You have rooms right here, do you not? she asked, jerking her head toward the large stone structure behind him.

Of course we do, said the guard, suddenly very energetic. Ill be right back, Ill get a couple of lads to relieve us and we can show you our fine billits.

He slipped into the building. Peris was now standing right beside the older guard, actually holding his arm. Ive never been in a guards billit before, is it interesting? she asked.

Ill give you a tour of the place, he said.

Would you? asked Peris, That is so very sweet of you.

The guard, almost twice her age, blushed deeply. Well, you two are pretty sweet, too, he said, actually scuffing his boot on the cobbles of the courtyard.

The younger guard returned with two other guards in tow. You so owe us for taking your watch, Willim, said one of the replacements. He looked at the two girls, his eyes going wide. You owe us BIG, he repeated.

Willim took Crissas offered arm and escorted her into the massive stone structure. The older guard followed them with Peris in tow.

Crissa looked around them as they passed through passages and closed doors. Your friend said you two would show us around, she said.

Did he then? asked Willim, looking back at his elder compatriot. Did you promise them a tour Gharen? he asked.

Yeah, I did, said Gharen, smiling at Peris. We should show them about, you know?

I suppose that would be okay, said Willim, putting his arm around Crissas slim waist. Crissa leaned into him warmly, and put her own arm around his waist and hooked her thumb through his belt. She giggled as she put her head on his shoulder. She stood so tall that she, in truth, was at least his own height.

Peris came barely to the older guards shoulder, she smiled up at him. Id really like a look around, this place has always made me wonder whats inside, she said.

They came to a large, iron-bound door. Well, the dungeon is down there, where we hold prisoners for trial. he said. We cant let you in there, though, theyre a dangerous lot, and two pretty gels like you, well, you know. He shrugged his shoulders helplessly.

Crissa blinked at him, acting stunned. Theyd ravish us? she said, innocently. 

Yeah, I fear they would, said the guard.

The tall blond leaned into him again, and put her lips to his ear. I rather fancy being ravished this night, she whispered.

He twitched at her words and a tiny smile formed on his lips. Ill see what I can do, then, he said, trying to sound professional.

The quartet moved through the building, visiting such charming locales as the confessions chamber. Crissa rather thought it looked like a torture chamber, but who was she to quibble. The guard laughed when she gasped at the rack. Now, dear, this stuffs not been used in generations, so dont fear, he said. The stuff is mostly kept about because its so bloody interesting.

Crissa ran her fingertips over the restraints on the rack. It is interesting, she said, stroking the steel fittings as if she were petting a cat.

Peris was in the corner, looking at a large contraption with Gharen. You say they used it to break bones slowly? she asked, rather horrified, and not needing to fake it much.

Aye, said the guard. The suspect would be clapped in those irons there, then those bars and stuff would come down to work on each major bone individually. With that crank there, they all can be tightened a tiny bit at a time. He looked at the torture device with awe. I heard a skilled man could snap all of them in a single quarter-turn.

Peris cringed. How horrid, she giggled, stepping closer to Gharen and putting her hand on his stomach as she leaned toward him.

She then felt his large hand on her backside, stroking up from the slit side over her bare bottom. He smiled at her and she returned the smile. His hand felt hot on her rump, like it had just been pulled from an oven. The fingers pressed into her crease and he squeezed the lobe of soft flesh. A unforced moan escaped her lips. Peris had never been touched on her bare rump before and the feeling was rather good, even with this brutish guard. She glanced over to see Crissa kissing the other guard, her back to a wall and the guard leaning onto her, their arms around each other and exploring one anothers backs.

Peris smiled again, moving her own arm from the mans belly and sliding it lower. I have to warn you, sir, she said quietly, I am very new at this.

He smiled. I am a patient man, Ill not rush you, then, he said. Her hand was now moving over his pants and she felt the rough linen of them. He sighed as her hand grew very near to his organ and she looked on in fascination as it swelled within his pants, pressing the cloth outward.

Come on, Gharen, said Willim, lets show them the records hall.

Gharen rolled his eyes, and then smiled down at Peris as her hand moved away from him. Her breathing was heavy and erratic as he loosed her butt from his grip. They walked down the hall after Willim and Crissa.

Peris was rather surprised at how easily this was working. Not the idea of their duplicity of coming into the guard house, but how easily she was coping with being touched in private ways and how very close she had come to returning a private touch herself. A tiny portion of her mind resented the interruption to her playing with the man, and she had to remind herself that they had a goal in mind.

They went through another door and entered a large chamber lined with shelves stacked high with books and papers. Crissa immediately was reminded of the library in Marrats home. This place, however, lacked the sense of disciplined organization that the old wizards library possessed.

Wow, she said, widening her eyes theatrically. Look at all those books.

The younger guard regarded the tomes and stacks of documents. Aye, they store all the records for the duchy here, he said, proudly. Were underground and its very stoutly built in this part of the building.

She looked at the bindings of some of the nearer books, brushing the spines with her fingertips. They store reports from crimes here? she asked.

He blinked at her rather pointed question, but shook his head. No, those are kept in the inner chamber, at least until the case has been heard, he said, pointing toward a door to their right. You planning on becoming a barrister? he asked, grinning and reaching for her waist.

She let him pull her to himself. No, she giggled, Im just fascinated by trials and punishment. She said punishment very slowly, raising her eyes to lock onto his own. I bet youve locked away some pretty bad men.

The guard puffed up again, smiling at her and bringing her close to him. She felt his erection pressing against her pelvis. Well, yeah, we just brought in a murderer last night, in truth, he confided. A wizard, if youll believe it.

Crissa gasped, covering her mouth with her hand. A wizard, you say? she asked. How do you keep him from just poofing away? Her hands flew wide, with splayed fingers as she said poofing.

Weve a special cell, lined with lead and with binding circles worked into the floor and walls, said the Willim with a smile. Hes stuck there, even if he knows how to translocate himself.

She smiled. Youve thought of everything, she said, as if he had designed the security of the prison himself. Her body formed against his, and his erection pressed even more firmly to her. She took hold of the back of his neck and pulled him down into a long kiss.

A row over from Crissa and Willim, Peris and Gharen leaned against another shelf, the older guard kissing her feverishly and she responded with almost equal vigor. Inside her mind, she was shocked at how willingly she was going along with this activity. Was her libido truly so suppressed? 

His organ was pressing against her belly and she moved a hand down to rub against the side of the shaft. It felt warm, even through his pants. He smiled at the contact and moved one of his hands up beneath her loose halter top, squeezing one small lobe of breast. She groaned involuntarily at the pleasure this shot through her and her hand, of its own volition, gripped his cock through the cloth of his pants.

She fluttered her eyes up at him after breaking their wet kiss. I must remain a virgin, I fear, she said. But I would please you, if you wish it.

Gharen smiled at her. I can understand a girl wishing to retain their maidenhood, he said. In that, Peris now realized Crissas wisdom in culling off the younger buck herself. Young men were not known for great patience with lovers. This mature man would not pressure her nearly as much, if any. But how might you pleasure me otherwise? It was a leading question, just to get her to admit to the act she was about to commit. To name it.

I could mouth you? she asked, squeezing his pole as she spoke. A rosy blush rose to her cheeks for uttering such a bold offer.

He nodded. I would very much like that, said Gharen, unfastening his belt.

She watched as the pants hung from her grip about his cock. If she released it, they would fall to the floor.

With a deep inhalation of breath, she let him go and the pants fell. For the first time, she was regarding a mans organ at close range and erect. It looked ridiculously large and somewhat cumbersome. That fits inside a woman? she asked, reaching out and gently stroking her fingertips down the smooth sides of the shaft.

It does, he said. Though it might not look like it.

Are they all so large? asked Peris, moving to her knees and cupping his balls in one hand.

I suppose so, said Gharen. Ive not gone about making a point of comparing.

She giggled at him. I suppose not, she said, gripping the shaft at the base, her little and ring fingers being tickled by the tight knot of dense pubic hair. He groaned at the feeling of her soft skin on his pole and her warm breath moving over the head, which was only inches from her mouth. He looked down at her expectantly.

Tell me what to do, she said, looking up at him. Im really new at this.

She felt his organ twitch in her grip at that admission from her and a small amount of fluid slipped from the slot in the tip. Peris slid her thumb over it, rubbing the base of the thick cocks head. It was very slick, like her own juices, and she decided it must serve much the same function. 

Just stroke with that hand there, he said, pointing to her hand on his shaft, and take what you can into your mouth.

She did as he said, rather amazed that she did so with such ease and comfort. His organ filled her mouth easily and it felt both soft and warm against her lips and roof of her mouth. More of the fluid slid out, she could tell, it was somewhat salty, but not terribly disagreeable. Her hand stroked the portion of his organ she could not take into her mouth.

Gently suck on it, he said, and move your head back and forth until just the head is in your mouth.

She followed his breathy instructions, smiling inwardly at the sudden change in his tone. Though it was her following instructions, she was the one in control right now.

Peris pulled her mouth from his pole and smiled up at him. Am I doing well? she asked.

He grinned down at her, nodding enthusiastically. The best, he said.

She took him back in and decided to modify some motions and speed up a bit, he seemed to like it faster.

Crissa was against the door to the inner vault of the records hall, her back pressed to it and her legs about Willims waist. His cock drove into her furiously and she groaned in pleasure. With ferocious effort, she was containing the waves of lust that wanted to burst forth from her and run amok over the area around her. That would not do, she knew, and the fear of that event kept her mind clear enough to maintain control.

It also kept her from climaxing, which she did not appreciate. However, she was not here to gain pleasure, she was here to gain access to this room.

She felt Willim tighten his grip on her waist and his legs stiffen, then heard him grunt into her neck as he bit down and climaxed. His seed warmly flowed into her and she cooed and stroked his sides as he slowed his frantic pace.

Well done, guardsman, she sighed. You serve your people well when they need succor. Her long legs tightened about his waist as he tried to move back. Youre surely not done yet, she said, smiling at him broadly. A young strong buck like you must be able to give a girl more.

He nodded and she released him with her legs, letting his organ slip from her. We need a table, he said. Come with me. He used a key to unlock the inner chambers door and led her to a long table in the middle of the wide vault. Papers lay strewn about it, though there was plenty of clear space. Crissa sat upon the table and reclined invitingly.

Like so? she asked, laying down fully and moving her legs apart to hang over the edge of the polished wooden surface. She lifted the elven skirt upward until her sex was displayed, open and welcoming.

Aye, he sighed moving up between her legs and lifting her knees to rest on his shoulders. Already, his cock was growing stiff again.

Ah, Yes, grunted the older guard, Gharen, gripping Peris hair with both hands and holding her in place as he climaxed. Her mouth filled with semen and she was forced to swallow. It was like the other fluid, but more salty and thicker, almost like a gelatin. It felt warm as it went down, too, and rested in her belly warmly. Or was that just her imaginings?

The flow tapered, then stopped and his hands relaxed. I did well? asked Peris, smiling up at him.

He grunted something rather unintelligible and lifted her to her feet. She pressed eagerly to him, feeling very excited herself and they embraced for a moment and then kissed. We should check on our companions, said Gharen.

Peris nodded and watched as he pulled up his pants and fastened his belt. They moved around the rows of shelves until they heard the sounds of passion nearby. Sounds as if theyre doing fine, said Peris with a smile.

He nodded and walked to the doorway to the inner vault. Leave it to Willim to find a place to lie down, said Gharen, peering in.

The younger girl looked in to see the younger soldier lying upon the table, with Crissa straddling him, rocking eagerly back and forth. The sight of the two bodies, eagerly engaging in lustful action made Peris slit very wet indeed. She cursed her need for chastity and wished it were not an issue.

Crissa turned as the two stood in the doorway. Dont play coy, she said between forceful motions of her pelvis and round backside. Theres room for more on this table.

Peris looked nervously at the table. You know I cant go that far, darling, she said to Crissa, giving her a shy smile.

The tall woman nodded. I remember, she said, slipping off of Willims pole. It glistened with her fluids and stood upright like a flagpole. She kissed the prone man. Let my friend use her mouth on you, lover, and I will tend to the needs of your friend.

No complaint issued from Willim as Peris walked nervously up to him. You dont mind? she asked the smiling guard.

Mind? he asked. To be pleasured by two women in one night, whats to mind?

She gripped his slick pole with her hand, feeling the wet fluids on it. Peris took it into her mouth. His organ was not as large as Gharens had been and she was able to take all but the last bit of it into her mouth and throat. She tasted the musky flavor of Crissa on it, and that sent an additional shiver down her spine.

Crissa felt that wave of lustiness and flicked her gaze toward the younger girl for a moment. If such pleases her, she thought, I do not begrudge her that much. Gharen smiled and kissed her and the two moved to the edge of the table. He turned her about and she laid her upper body on the surface, presenting her backside to him, legs far apart. He bent his knees and smoothly drove his large pole into her. She cried out as he rammed it home and then grunted with each thrust.

Peris was fascinated by the display of lustiness that Crissa was giving. She truly seemed to be enjoying the actions of the man giving his cock to her. When Crissas eyes locked gaze with Peris she realized that Crissa was enjoying it, completely.

Willim groaned out as she drove her head down and she felt him bucking with his hips. One of his hands was moving over the back of her head. He came soon after, giving her his seed, as Gharen had. She felt satisfied, knowing that she had committed two acts of carnality and still kept her innocence intact. However, she was also warm enough between her long legs to bake cookies. Frustration was mounting in her loins and she thought she might willingly give her virginity to wear the satisfied expression Crissa now wore as she panted and laid her head upon the tables smooth top.

The two men were, apparently, exhausted, both relaxing to an amazing degree and sitting in the padded chairs about the table. You ladies are amazing, said Willim, smiling tiredly. We will be talking about this for years, mark my word.

Crissa giggled and slipped on her elven skirt. Does that mean you dont wish us to return? she asked. So you will have time to talk about it?

Willims face shifted to alarm. Not at all! he exclaimed, sitting up, alert. Youre welcome to return whenever you like.

Peris sat in Gharens lap. I hope you didnt mind my limited performance, she whispered.

Not in the least, he said. I was honored to be your first for that.

She smiled. Perhaps you will establish other firsts with me, at some point, she said, implying a promise far greater than she would offer.

Willim was laying his head on the back of the chair, nearly asleep from his exertions and general fatigue. Peris caught a glint in Crissas eyes as the young guard started snoring. She felt Gharens hand slip from the small of her back and the mans head, resting on her shoulder, lolled limply as he, too, began breathing deeply and evenly.

A quizzical look from Peris and Crissa nodded. Theyll be out for some time, she said as she started looking over the shelves and at the papers on the table.

Peris managed to lay Gharen as Willim was posed and watched as he peacefully slumbered.

You knocked them out? asked Peris.

Crissa grinned. They were already almost there, I just gave them a nudge, she explained. Theyll not even suspect magic.

Nice, said Peris. She watched the slumbering guard. Almost, now, I wish you had given me the lust you offered. Im so frustrated now I can barely think.

Crissa giggled. I can fix that, too, but I dont recommend it, she said. Wenn had me reduce his libido once, and he couldnt get an erection for two weeks. A trying time for the both of us - Ah, here it is. She lifted a sheaf of papers and looked at them.

They sat at the table and looked at the papers, handing them back and forth. Most of the document was simply an account of the supposed events of the day, which were, generally accurate, if somewhat skewed in viewpoint.

However, there were several pieces of testimony toward the end that were VERY irregular.

Whats this about having to be identified by his belongings? asked Crissa.

It says that he was killed by fire, and his corpse was not recognizable, explained Peris. They used his jewelry and such to identify him. Its common practice, really.

Crissa blinked. Damn, she said. Wenn knows fire magics, too.

Dont all wizards? asked Peris.

No, said Crissa, they have many areas they can specialize in, and fire is but one. Master Marrat cannot even summon a small flame.

Interesting, said Peris.

Look here, said Peris, holding out one piece of parchment. The witnesses to the murder are listed here.

They poured over the list of names, there were only four of them. Theyre all part of that little clique you asked about, said Peris, except this lad.

Crissa tapped the table with one finger. What about him?

Peris shifted through the documents. Only one other person even in the park, a young man named Kenett, a commoner who only attends the Academy to study the elven studies offered there, she said.

Does it say why he was in the park? asked Crissa.

Apparently to stargaze, said Peris. I know him and hes an odd bird, said Peris, hes fascinated to the point of almost lunacy about elven things.

Crissa sat up. Does it say where to find him? she asked.

Yes, said Peris pointing to the parchment. He is said to be so distressed by the witnessing of it, hes in the asylum.

What? asked Crissa.

Hes gone a bit off his perch, said Peris. I told you, he was a bit off to begin with.

Crissa looked over toward the two guards, Willim was stirring and she didnt dare use her abilities again. Okay, thats a start, she said, we can return if we need more. The two girls shoved the documents back onto the shelf and returned to sit innocently on the table, both of them watching the men.

Wha, What happened? asked Willim.

You must have worked yourself too hard trying to pleasure me, said Crissa, giggling. But my friend and I must be going, if you would show us out. We dont wish our parents be too cross with us.

Willim nudged Gharen awake and they escorted the girls out of the guard building, smiling as they waved good bye. Idle promises of visitation were made, though even the guards were rather dubious that they would be kept. They simply counted their blessings this night and let it go at that.

As the two girls disappeared into the darkened streets, Gharen turned to Willim. Imagine that, second time this week, he said.

Aye, said Willim. I always though the night shift was dull.