This is a real incident that happened to me last week.

We (Me, My Wife & My Mom In Law) were travelling from Chennai to Bangalore for a function. My MIL (Kowsalya) is 46 Yrs old and yet has a very very firm body & structure. Her vital stats are 36+, 32, 36.

She is conservative yet she wears only saree except when she is at home where she wears nighties. My wife (Sumathi)26 yrs. has taken her beauty & structure after her mom. With a 30" hip.

My MIL never wears a low hip but she wears her saree tightly around her and she always wears translucent sarees. I always dream that I would get a chance to have a great time in bed together. Though I have tried to approach her in few subtle ways, either she didnt get the cue or I didnt try enough. Nonetheless I never stopped stealing the views of her left boob on the sides or sometime partially uncovered right boob. And even the sway of her tight ass when she walked away from me. If it was a lucky day... I might even get a glace of her cleavage thru the neckline of her nighty when she bends down to pick up some things.

Ok... back to the track again. We were walking on the platform to board on the train to Bangalore in the 2nd AC compartment. My wife was wearing a tight Churidhar with a reasonably low neckline without Dupatta. I could see that a lot of eyes invariable of the age or gender were staring hard at her boobs. She always likes to flaunt (subtly) her assets. I too enjoyed the way people look at her body and gasp.

My wife was carrying a pretty heavy suitcase and a bag on her hand so she had to expand her chest as she walked. This made her boobs all the more projected and even a faint hint of her nipples' impression could be seen without anything to hide them. I could feel the discomfort that my MIL was feeling from the stares that my wife was getting. She asked my wife... "Why didnt you wear your dupatta?". My wife didnt answer her and kept walking.

We got into the II AC coach and we had 2 tickets on the alley and 1 ticket inside the compartment where there are 4 berth with a screen.

When we got in... there was a guy who seemed to be 30 yrs old and was dressed very neatly in a Shorts and a T Shirt (probably a Software Eng.). We started to push our luggage underneath the seats. As Sumathi bent down to push the luggage, the SF guy got a good view of her boobies and immediately turned away as he saw me seeing him. I guess Sumathi did that wantedly. She got the bag from her mother and bent down again to place that under the seat. This time she stayed bent for a little more time than necessary. I enjoyed this slutty behavior of Sumathi.

Since the other seats were empty... we sat there and started to chat a bit. My guess was right.. this guy was from the Software and was working for an unknown company. I could see Sumathi stealing glances at his thighs often. He too spared no effort to look at Sumathi's structure... especially boobs. Once... I noticed him staring at my MIL. As I looked to see what is it, I could see that he was staring at Kousalya's right boob which was completely exposed since the saree had moved. Sumathi also noticed this and she tried her bit to turn his attention towards her by bending down and removing her slippers. But this guy kept starring at Kousalya's boobs.

In the mean time an old couple along with a small boy (8 yrs maybe) came in. So myself and Sumathi had to move to our seats on the sides of the coach. Sumathi was obviously disappointed about this. In the mean time Kousalya didnt cover her boob yet. This turned me on and I couldnt stop starring at them. They were firmly protruding through her blouse and the top of her very fair breast were also visible. Now the SW guy was starring as if he might pounce and suck them anytime. He continued his conversation with Kousalya and she too noticed that he was starring at her melons. This act of Kousalya was shocking to me (in a sweet way). She was behaving like a bigger slut than her daughter.

Immediately after settling down... the old couple wanted to switch off the lights and go to sleep. So my Mother In Law and the SW guy had no other way but to got to their berths on the top. Sumathi offerd her mother the lower berth on the side of the coach. Obviously she was jealous of her mother getting all the attention and also I guess she wanted to show off to the SW guy.

But after all Kousalya was the mother of a slut. She refused and started to climb to the top berth.

The curtains were still open and Kousalya lied down flat on her back now showing her right boob and the hip of her to the guy. The guy was now lying down sideways and pretended to be reading a novel. After a while Kousalya asked the guy if she could borrow a magazine from him. After getting the book she covered herself with the white sheet. Only till her chest. She started to read the magazine.

Sumathi was now very agitated and I could sense that. I asked her to come to the come out and stand for a while to get some fresh air. She came along with me. We were chatting for about 10 mins. and then when we came in... We were Shocked ! ! ! Now Kousalya's saree was well below her navel. I swear this was the first time I am seeing them. I was taken aback. She had obviously covered herself with the sheet to lower her saree hip line. Now her saree was a good 3 inches below her navel and her fleshy navel and hip were now visible. The SW guy was enjoying. He had a slight grin on his face.

Not able to bear all this... Sumathi said that we shall go to bed. So we swiched off the light and went to our respective berths. After a while the SW guy put on the screen. Myself and Sumathi couldnt say anything.

Now my dick was very erect after seeing the boobs and the navel of my mother in law. I was wondering if the guy in touching my mother in law now. Suddenly Sumathi climbed to my berth and sat near me. She touched my lap and she felt my hard dick. Then she asked me that unexpected question, "Are you aroused my mother's exposure?". I never expected this question and there was no other way than to be absolutely honest with her now. I said "Yes, It was too hot.... she has an amazing body."

She asked, "Do you want to do with her?". I didnt answer that. She understood the meaning of my silence and she too said nothing. She started to stroke my dick and after sometime she asked me..."Shall we peep inside the curtain?'. I said "OK". We slightly moved the curtain and were shell shocked to see that the guy was now standing and squeezing the boobs of my mother in law over the blous