 
I am a bank Officer in Chennai, I am 34 yrs old, my wife Nirmala 29
yrs, is a housewife. Nimi is a
great wife and has nice sexy body, she is very fair slim and very
free in bed mostly like to be
submissive but I like her to be dominating me. since we got a son we
have sex at least twice in a week I
found it very satisfied.
I have a friend newly came to our branch, his name is Arjun he is 23,
he recently married, to chitra 19
yrs, she is a house wife too. They moved near to us so that both our
wives can spend their time and be
helpful for them. Chitra and my wife Nimi became very close.When ever
I got out I use to drop nimi in
Arjun's house. Chitra is beautiful and sexy too. Because they are
new and young couples they are very
free to talk anything, and very social.
One evening I went to my uncle's house with my son, I dropped my wife
in Arjun's house. when I went
to their house my wife was in the hall talking to Arjun and chitra
was in sleep. On our way back I asked
where was chitra, nimi said when she went they were in bed so she was
tired. and reached went to
home. in night nimi was very horny in bed she rubbed her legs on mine
and took off her saree and
become nude and pulled my lungi and gripped my cock and massaged, I
asked why she is like that she
said, "we are not less than the young couple", I knew she saw them in
bed so she needs sex. that's is
normal. then I got erection and inserted my cock in her pussy and
fucked for 3 to 4 mints that too very
slowly and cum inside her, and I laid aside of her and slept over.
But nimi was not seemed to be
finished she rolled over on the bed and kept pillow between her
thighs, since I was very tired I slept
quickly.
From that day onwards nimi was short tempered and arguing with me for
everything and looked sad.
when I ask about that she said she was ok. If she see Arjun her face
lights up. So many times I noticed
after her wild sex with me, she always chat with chitra in a
whispered voice I never thought different
till then.
We use to call them for dinner regularly in one such occasion Nimi
was wearing dark blue saree in a
low hip too,I noticed nimi took more care to Arjun. she took extra
care in making tasty foods for Arjun.
and often said Arjun like this and that, she stayed on his right, and
kept on raising her left hand to show
the glimpse of her big breasts to him and she bent front of him then
and there the partition of her
creamy white breasts were seen clearly, and placed her hand on the
hip and just rubbed her white hips
and smiled at him often and rearranging the saree headpiece in front
of him unwantedly. I was
surprised why my disciplined wife does like this in front of another
man. I noticed she bite her lips in
front of him, and said "everything for you, don't delay to taste it"
and gave secret smile.
After dinner when they were going out the door I was packing the
excess food for them chitra was
helping me. I saw nimi carrying son in hands and walking slowly with
Arjun I dint hear what they
spoke but I saw, our son was pulling his mothers saree head piece,
and surprisingly nimi dint stop him.
the kid carried on and pulled totally the left side. now the big left
breast of my wife was fully exposed.
Arjun saw this and stunned. but nimi dint try to cover her breast, it
seemed she wanted Arjun to see her
breast. then, she was smiling at him and said, "he doesn't fancy to
drink milk but always pulls my saree
and plays with the blouse hooks". I saw Arjun came to her and bent
down for my son and kissed him
but his cheek was touching her breast, nimi dint move or react she
still pressed it further. he kissed my
son and touched her breast. I cant believe this, but I am not sure
weather she did it purposely or it
happened just like that so for our close friendship I kept quiet and
decided to keep an eye on her.
That night my wife was very wild to my knowledge even I cant satisfy
her. then one day I came to
home in the noon and heard my wife was talking on the phone to
someone and I stayed back to listed, I
heard her voice saying, "no he has auditing in the office will be
back late night," and asked weather
he/she can buy some cookery things for her. I was surprised because
just few days back we purchased a
lot and I kept listening her, " it was boring no one for the company,
why don't you come here and have
the lunch?" and continued, "Chitra went to her friends house she
called me this morning, I refused to
go", now I knew she was talking to Arjun. so half way of my suspicion
was confirmed I was confused
what to do next? I returned back. After and hour I thought of going
to home but I saw Arjun came in
an auto and stooped after our house and looked all around and knocked
the door. He dint see me, I saw
my wife's shadow and called him in and closed the door quickly, I
knew something is going to happen,
but he is 23 and my wife is 29 had good sex for more than 8 yrs, what
is going on, I decided to catch
them red handed and gave some time and went to the back side of my
house, where nobody can see
me, I climbed the stairs and stayed on the sunshade and peeped in.
I saw my respected wife dressing in our room, I saw her covering her
beautiful big breasts with black
blouse, but she dint wear a bra, she has very fair and waxy skin her
breasts were clearly visible through
her blouse even her nipples can be seen. so she wants to seduce Arjun
with her tits?.she came out in a
black saree.
I saw Arjun in the hall. she came to the hall in 5 mins. she called
him and took him to the dinning table
straight. I saw Arjun's eyes running all over my wife's beautiful and
sexy body and said, "NIMIJI YOU
LOOK GREAT RELLY VASANTH IS LUCKY", she said "YOU ARE LUCKY TOO,
CHITRA IS
BEAUTIFUL AND YOUNGER THAN ME,AND SHE IS GREAT IN BED AND SEEMS YOU
ARE
ENJOYING VERY MUCH WITH HER", he said "YES BUT I LIKE SLIM LADIES,"
and went near
to her and said, "ESPECIALLY LIKE YOU", I saw my wife is blushing it
seems she likes his
comments. then he added, "BUT WHAT TO DO, VASANTH IS LUCKIER THAN
ME", she said,
"SO WHAT?", and gave a deep look to him, Arjun seemed understood her
words and went closer to
her and said, "AM I LUCKY?", she replied, "YES YOU ARE", I felt a
shivering on my back, because
he is younger than her but when if it is sex then age doesn't matter
it seems. she likes him I cant believe
what was happening. I saw nimi leaning on the wall, she looked damm
sexy I have to accept she is so
hot looking, she gave her hands to the wall her hips are nicely seen
and her face has a mysterious look
towards him which she use to do when she is feeling horny. slightly I
felt guilty on me if I satisfy her
she wont be doing this with other man, is she going to share the bed
with him? no she wont, I decided
to watch them.
She served lunch, really she seemed very happy to serve the food to
him. Then and there their hands
touched, nimi enjoyed it. After food they both took the plates to the
kitchen and nimi cleaned Arjun
helped her by that time he was on her back pressing on her ass, she
dint move rather she leaned back,
his hands came in between her hips and washed her hands and pulled
her to him she responded, his
hands were on her white soft hips and pressed slightly. nimi leaned
on him fully resting her head on his
shoulder, now Arjun kissed nimi on her cheek and bite her ears and
check. her hands were on him
clutching his fingers. he moved her head upwards she turned to him,
her beautiful red lips were near to
his. slowly he caught my wife's lower lips into him. at the same time
he pulled her saree headpiece by
two fingers slowly removing from her shoulder. Nimi opened her mouth
and kissed him back and her
left hand came on his head and running through his hair. she opened
her mouth fully and got his tongue
inside the mouth and started drinking his saliva, their saliva from
mouth was running out and the sound
of their kisses echoed on the walls, his hands was rubbing my wife's
hip and massaging it nicely. her
hands went into his hair and held his mouth closer to her. His hands
were trying to pull her saree. she
took off the head piece now the black blouse of hers was clearly
visible and the big mounts were
raising up and down. his hands went on them and cupped it and
massaged it slowly and gained speed.
nimi was sucking his mouth vigoursouly. then his hands tried to
unbutton her blouse. nimi did it
leaving both her white great tits opened and took his both hands and
massaged it. he was playing on her
brown nipples. she turned to him and pressed his head on her boobs,
now his mouth was on her mounts
sucking her tits. he sucked it both, she held his head tightly on her
nipples. he sucked, sucked and
sucked fully, I can see milk is running out from his mouth she was
guiding him to both the nipples he
drank it, at the same time his hand undressed her. my wife was
standing nude in front of another man,
while he was drinking milk from her boobs. his hands were in between
her white, milky, ivory thighs
moved apart and cupped her pussy and rubbed. My wife opened her
thighs more widely for him and
guided his hand to the most sacred place of mine. in meantime she
unbuttoned his shirt and pulled his
zip, and his trousers and his vest &briefs and made him nude. His
cock was about 9" long and thick
double the size of mine. I am sure she might have waited for this
chance for a long time unless she cant
guide him for her wild desires. She rushed to bed with him, she gave
her back on bed and hugged him
tightly and kissed him. he kissed on her tummy and went to her pussy.
I could not believe my eyes she
enjoyed his mouth on her most sensetive part. she opened her thighs
for him and pressed his head with
her hands. he started eating my wife's hungry and wet pussy, I saw a
happy feeling on her face and she
is enjoying his mouth than anything in the world. she was lifting her
hip and rubbing her wet pussy on
his face. He gradually ate the whole pussy it was dripping. she was
crying his name and moaning
loudly. she pulled his head and kissed him fully on his mouth, I can
her juices on their mouth. My
body was shivering my mind was blacked out,it seems no one can
control them, even me because they
were gone into a great extent. even if I stop, I am sure my wife will
go to him later to fuck him. so let
she enjoy her lust. and her wet pussy was satisfying a cock which is
not her husband. Her hand went
for his cock and pulled it, and said, "ARJUN I WANT TO TRY THIS IN MY
MOUTH", I was
shocked, my wife wants to suck his cock. even he was surprised, she
said, "I saw chitra was sucking
your cock, I saw it through your window for a long time, please let
me do it", I cant believe that my
religious wife was begging some one to suck his cock, now I realised
on the other day she was wild in
bed and told she saw them making love.but everything was out of my
hands, this tall sexy man is
invading my wife's body I am was sure even he cant my wife. she was
like a puppet in his hand she
bent her body to his desire her body understood his body language and
co-operating him, to full fill its
lust. he lifted her head and placed on his lap and guided her head to
his cock, she kissed the head of his
cock and, Arjun opened her lips by his fingers and inserted his big
dick into her mouth and slowly
pumped it and shook her head accordingly. now she followed his hands
and gave a good suck. its was
big not going fully into her mouth, but she tried hard and took the
full of his cock in to mouth. my wife
was sucking the cock desirably. Arjun was fingering her cunt she
still sucked it. he was pumping his
cock he held her head tightly and groaned I knew he is to cum, but my
wife still sucking his cock
wildly. it seemed he shot his liquid in her mouth she raised her head
and looked at him, he held her
head tightly and told her to drink it. she swallowed fully, again he
insisted her to suck to get the
erection nimi licked and sucked his cock very well as like an
experienced cock sucker. he got the
erection, then she took his cock out and laid on her back and called
Arjun to fuck her. Arjun pressed his
dick head on my wife's wet cunt it went half. He was not wearing a
condom but she never bothered she
wanted his cock inside her desperately. she should felt his hardness
in the kitchen when he was on her
back. She closed her eyes and hold his hips and biting her lower lips
because of pain. Arjun pressed his
huge cock in, it went half. She said" Arjun dear its paining to me,
please do something, don't kill me",
he placed his hands on her side and pulled his big cock outside. he
slammed again into her. O it went in
fully, my nimi's pussy should be tared I think. Arjun pumped his cock
into her wet cunt. At last he is
fucking my wife, my wife is fucking family friend. I cant believe
this her beautiful, and respected
image has gone, her sexy body was enjoying its lust. she seemed to be
very satisfied. She longed for
him and she did it. She was moaning again out of joy, great
pleasure, she was getting a great fuck
from a exotic man who she longed for him. She moaned and shouted,"YES
ARJUN YES I LOVE
YOU DARLING." His fuck went rhymatically. Arjun sucked her nipples he
sucked and the milk was
bubbling out from his mouth every minute her body was enjoying sex
from him. she cried out of pain
he was biting her nipples,they were gone reddish she told him "DON'T
BITE BECAUSE MY HUBBY
WILL FIND THIS", he said "don't worry I will fuck you in a way nobody
knows", I was surprised o
my wife wants to hide her fuck. her legs were circled his hips and
pulling him into her. He held her
armpits and fucked her harder, faster, harder..harder..and shouting,"
I LOVE YOU NIMI, I WILL
SATISFY YOU, MY COCK TARED YOUR CUNT DEEPS..I AM LUCKY TO FUCK
SOMEONE'S
WIFE,". she was loving his fuck in her deep and said, " I saw your
big cock fucking chitra, from that
day I was planning to fuck you", he said, "everyone in our office
told about your body is fuckable and
I had it", and she sucked his lips and lifted fast her hips to meet
his. every stroke was very fast they
were in great fucking nobody can stop. they have to explode. She was
arching back he was pressing
her. she hold his hip tightly with hers and screamed, "Arjun don't
stop go fast.. even faster, fuck my
cunt babe yes you can fast.. fast". Her hips were jerking and bed was
screeching this could be the
fastest moment of sex. he asked," Nimi I am cummin shall I cum in or
pull out?", I said "No fuck me
fully and come inside I want to feel your juice", and held him
tightly not to pulled out his cock from
her. he fucked her fast and straightened on her, "nimi I am cumming
in your cunt..I am filling your
cunt...just receive my juice who you loved to fuck with",. and she
said, "O yes. your juice is filling my
pussy I am going to get pregnant",. he held her till his last drop
and both exhausted and lay apart.
After that I went to the office I came in late night, nimi was
worried but I convinced her. in the night I
called for sex she came willingly I started with the game which Arjun
started, nimi enjoyed it and
sucked my cock for the first time but when I came in her mouth she
took it out. I fucked her her cunt
was very wet and loose for my cock. I asked her about it she
told, "its like that as it was before, but
yours is small", I agreed mine is small for her cunt, just this
morning she fucked with Arjun's big cock.
then I fucked her wildly, nimi was surprise about my development.
The next month she missed my periods, and told me she is pregnant. I
just smiled at her. in the noon I
came to home without notice. Arjun and my wife was nude on bed
reaching climax and relaxed their
sides and discussing about their baby. Till now they don't know that
I saw everything, but they
believes nobody knows and still fuck.
Earlier I have sent about my wife Nirmala who fucked with my best
friend (Slut Wife). they still
continue whenever they get time, especially in the noon times, I kept
quiet and just allowed her to
enjoy. when I get time I come and check through the sunshade where I
can see our bed room clearly.
no way I can stop them so at least she can satisfy her lust, but she
never hesitates to fuck with me too. I
noticed she takes extra care in her dressing when arjun and chitra
comes to our house, mostly in dark
colours, nowadays with red lipstick applied and tight bra and never
wear panty and so socially takes
about sex with them, and gives sex advice to chitra. but chitra never
know about her hubby and my
wife fuck. she is thinking as a very close friends.
After my wife Nimi and Arjun's sex encounter I felt very confused to
leave this or to do something. but
I kept quiet because my wife seduced arjun. After some days they
came to our house, I noticed Nimi
and arjun were trying to go to kitchen often. I was with chitra
watching a cricket match, we were
discussing about our players game, but my ears were on kitchen,
suddenly it went quiet I raised the
volume of the t.v and told chitra will be back now and went around
the house.
I saw my wife, in kitchen with arjun, my friend lover. both seemed
helping each other in cooking but
they really dint do that he was on her back pressing on her ass, she
pushed her ass back, his hands came
in between her hips pulled her to him, she leaned on him fully, arjun
kissed my wife's lower lips. at the
same time he got her tits and massaged it. I dint want to disturb. I
came into the hall. I saw chitra on
chair still watching match doesn't know, we both been cheated by our
partners. she is beautiful too
should be good in bed. I got an idea I called my wife she came in to
hall I said I have to buy something
from the shop so if you two can do your cooking while I take chitra
out with me suddenly nimi`s face
brightened so I went to the car and drove off. after 10 mins I told
chitra that I show something and we
came to the corner of the street and parked my car and walked to my
house. and I made sure chitra
should not shout or disturb. she was confused so we came to the back
of my house I held chitra in front
of me and placed my left hand on her left shoulder and closed her
mouth with my right hand. we went
near to the window, there is no one in kitchen so we went to our
bedroom. we heard arjun voice,"he
took my wife he is going to fuck her, if anything happens I will kill
that bitch and your hubby",. I knew
its about me, Nimi said, "don't say anything about my hubby he is
nice that's why he gave us a chance,
don't waste the time". chitra turned to me I whispered in her ears
chitu this is happening so long. she
was very angry. I told don't get angry because they share the bed we
been cheated even if you shout
then it will be easier for them to live together and its a shame for
us.I raised chitu to stand on the
support on wall so she can see clearly. both were nude arjun`s head
in between nimis thighs yes he is
sucking her cunt.
He was playing on her brown nipples. she pressed his head on her
boobs, now his mouth was on her
mounts sucking her tits. he sucked it both, she held his head tightly
on her nipples. he sucked, sucked
and sucked fully, she was guiding him to both the nipples he drank
it. now his hands were in between
her white, milky, ivory thighs moved apart and cupped her pussy and
rubbed. My wife opened her
thighs more widely for him he started licking nimi`s wet pussy, I
noticed chitra was watching all this
slowly I pressed her back, I felt her lips were rubbing my covered
hands, so I further pressed my hip to
her my hardness was exactly on her split of ass. she pressed me back,
I lowered my hand on her front,
she turned to me and gave a deep look and got my hand and placed on
her boob I smiled and started
massaging, she kissed me and pulled me to the corner and hugged me
tightly and said fuck me please. o
its my lucky day we went to chitra's house, I undressed her,she is
great and young I made myself nude
and kissing her on mouth. she pulled my head and kissed me fully into
my mouth, her tongue was all
over my mouth. we drank our juices in the mouth. My body was
shivering and hot.
Her hand went for my cock and pulled it, and said, "are u happy now,
they are cheating us so we do the
same, she stroked it twice and kissed the head of my cock and, took
my dick into her mouth and slowly
pumped it and shook her head accordingly. she is a real cock sucker.
chitra was sucking the cock
deeply. I fingered her cunt she still sucked it. she was pumping her
head on cock, I shot out my liquid
in her mouth she raised her head and. she swallowed it fully, again
she took my cock and licked and
sucked my cock very well I never experienced this much good. she is a
super cock sucker. I got the
erection, then she took my cock out and laid on her back and called
me come fuck my cunt. She closed
her eyes and hold and pushed me back. I slammed again into her. yes
it is fully went in my friends wife
chitr`s pussy.I pumped my cock into her wet cunt. At last I was happy
to fuck his wife, my wife is
fucking her hubby.She was moaning again out of joy, great pleasure,
she was getting a great fuck, She
moaned and shouted,"nice darling you are good then why your wife does
like this." we fucked to our
best. I bite her nipples and sucked, we were enjoying a great sex.
she cried out of pain because I was
biting her nipples,they were gone reddish she told him "don't stop
it this is the punishment them", I
said "yes darling I will fuck you nicely and hard", her legs were
circled my hips and pulling me into
her. He fucked her harder, faster, harder..harder..and shouted," I
love you darling you are my wife"and
happy that I paid your hubby back,". and she sucked my nipples and
lifted fastley her hips to meet my
fast fuck. every stroke was very fast we were in great fucking nobody
can stop. She was arching back
to me I was pressing her. she held my hip tightly with hers and
screamed, "don't stop go fast.. even
faster, fuck my cunt babe yes you can fast.. fast". Her hips were
jerking and bed was screeching this
could be the fastest moment of sex. I was cumming, I said, then she
said "No fuck me fully and come
inside I want to feel your juice", I straightened on her, "chitu I am
cumming in your cunt..I am filling
your cunt",. and she said, "O yes. your juice is filling my pussy I
am going to get pregnant",. I pressed
her till my last drop and both exhausted and lay apart. soon next
month she was conceived. I just
smiled at her. now she is carrying my babe. I fancy to fuck chitra.
Later my wife caught us on bed. we all compromised.






 
  