TALES FROM A COUNTRY ESTATE

Part 7, Cruel Expectations

By Dickins

A dark and sadistic tale set in England.

Lady Marlborough awoke to sunlight streaming into her bedroom
enticing her to walk over to the window. The sun felt warm on her
naked body and as she masturbated she contemplated all the
entertainments she had enjoyed over the past few days and
delighted in the fact that there were many more to come.

As she surveyed the grounds, she started to formulate ideas for
using the box hedge maze and nettle patch for Alices party. To
the rear of the hall, the walled garden although not large did
have a building attached. Other redeeming factors were that the
poor little darlings would have no escape and any quests who were
not participating in their abuse would be able to watch from the
upstairs windows.

Her mind was occupied by many thoughts. There was Beatrices
introduction to Mrs Asher later that morning, but perhaps the
most pressing problem was to find a fresh pair of little tarts to
ensure that Alices party appeared as normal as possible. No
stranger to finding a solution to a problem such as this, she
knew that she could always rely on her loyal staff. Ensuring that
they were always informed also meant that any plans were
implemented to her total satisfaction.

Janes help in selecting Helen and Emily from St Agathas had
made her the ideal person to visit Hillcroft, a nearby orphanage
to select a fresh pair of little tarts for Alices birthday
party. From experience, she knew that the Matron, a cruel woman
astute woman, had always been pleased to help in such matters and
would no doubt offer to escort the little darlings to the party
herself such is her passion for abusing her charges.

Anxious to make a start with the preparations for Alices party
she quickly made her way down several corridors to Marys room
where Beatrice had been taken to spend the night. Once there, she
requested that the tart be made ready and taken to Mrs Asher the
Head Housemaid later that morning as she came to realise that she
would enjoy the entertainment all the more if she was able to
watch.

Before leaving she praised Mary for the entertainment she had
provided her with last night. Leaving the room she made her way
down the back stairs to find Mrs Asher to tell her that later
that morning Mary would be bringing her a young girl from St
Agathas to be trained as a parlour maid and also to request that
she be excused from her duties tomorrow afternoon as she wanted
her to help at a birthday party she was organising.

She then went to find the Housekeeper who she knew would be in
her office at this time of the morning to inform her about
Alices party and to invite her to attend. Inviting Mrs Jarvis,
not only meant that she could rely on all the preparations being
dealt with swiftly, but because the woman had a real passion for
cruelty she would also add another element of excitement to the
entertainment.

Needless to say the offer was eagerly accepted and their
conversation soon turned to discussing details such as ensuring
that the playroom and all the apparatus and equipment would be
made ready and that the cook was informed of what special
refreshments would be required. Satisfied with the arrangements
she left and made her way to find the Head Gardener who she knew
would be working in the walled garden to discuss her plans. She
not only wanted to ensure that the box hedge maze and the nettle
patch would be made ready, but to insist that he and his staff
find another part of the grounds to cultivate during the party as
she did not want any men around at what was going to be a
gathering of women and their little tarts.

Visiting the stables she arranged for her carriage to be made
available for Janes visit to Hillcroft and reminded the coachman
that he needed to fetch Mrs Allsop and her daughter Alice for the
party tomorrow afternoon. On her way back she made a visit to the
infirmary to inform Jane of her decision to send her to Hillcroft
orphanage that afternoon to select and arrange for two little
tarts to be brought to the party. She also informed her that a
message had already been sent to the Matron so she would be
expecting her.

After breakfast she made her way back to her bedroom to get ready
for the mornings entertainment. As was her habit, especially on
summer days, she declined the wearing of any undergarments and
strapped a rubber cock into her cunt.

Carefully descending the stairs she made her way down to Mrs
Ashers office to watch Beatrice being introduced. Slipping into
an adjacent room she made herself comfortable and due to her late
husbands forethought and planning she was not only able to see
through several spyholes but was able to hear clearly through
several cleverly positioned grilles.

Unlike the Housekeepers office, Mrs Ashers did not have a
separate room for punishments. However, it did have a large bay
window that let in ample light, a desk, a table, a couple of
chairs for visitors, one of which was upright and had no arms, a
large cabinet, a sturdy wooden punishment horse and a cruel
looking rack of implements that was positioned menacingly in
front of the rider.

As usual Lady Marlborough was early and she was delighted to see
that she had not missed seeing Beatrice being introduced.
However, she was in time to see Mrs Asher enter the office
followed by a very nervous parlour maid, who she immediately
recognised as being Polly Tomkins.

She watched excitedly as the little darling looked nervously at
the horse, which unlike the one in the room adjourning Mrs
Jarviss office was smaller with a saddle instead of a pommel and
stirrups. Another intriguing design feature was that due to the
limited amount of space in her office its rump had been
shortened, something that Mrs Asher had insisted upon to make it
easier for her to get closer to the rider from behind.

Having already seen both Polly and Beatrice being punished, she
hoped that by having them together under this womans sadistic
control it would mean that she would be in for a real treat.

Her attention was soon brought back to the scene unfolding in
front of her when Mrs Asher locked the office door and removed
the key. To the woman it meant privacy, to little Polly it meant
no escape, but to her it signalled the start of some lascivious
entertainment.

Now listen to me young lady! This is the second time that you
have knocked over and broken one of her ladyships valuable
vases. It is high time that you learnt that I will not tolerate
your clumsiness, Mrs Asher said, going to the rack of implements
and retrieving a strap and laying it down on the table.

Please Miss! It was an accident, Polly replied.

That makes no difference! Mrs Asher barked.

Mrs Asher did have some sympathy for the girl who she so cruelly
ravished only yesterday, but she could not forget her own
humiliation at the hands of Mrs Jarvis and was determined that
the girl was going to suffer dearly for that now.

Remove your uniform! Mrs Asher ordered.

Remembering the little maids ordeal at the hands of both Mrs
Asher and Mrs Jarvis yesterday, Lady Marlborough was delighted to
see that as she stood naked in front of her mistress the evidence
of that cruel abuse was still visible on her lovely pale skin.

Mount! Mrs Asher ordered, pointing to the horse and the dais
that was by its side.

As Polly mounted the horse it was clear to see that her cunt was
still very sore from yesterdays ravishing and as she tentatively
lowered herself down astride the unforgiving leather saddle the
poor girl grimaced delightfully.

Please Miss! I am sorry, Polly whimpered.

That makes no difference! Mrs Asher barked.

Retrieving the strap from the table she brought it down with
force against the horses rump, the displacement of cold air
sending shockwaves between Pollys widely parted thighs and over
her deliciously exposed genitals.

Please Miss! Polly whimpered.

Now my girl! You can plead all you like, but I am going to strap
you for your clumsiness, do you understand? Mrs Asher said.

Please Miss! It was an accident, please dont strap me, Polly
replied.

You have to learn, Mrs Asher barked.

Please Miss! I will do anything, Polly whimpered.

Anything? Mrs Asher asked.

Anything! Polly whimpered, the unforgiving saddle starting to
irritate her sore cunt and anus delightfully.

Anything what? Mrs Asher barked, smacking her bottom and thighs
hard.

Anything Miss! Polly quickly replied.

Well now! I am going to put that to the test, do you
understand? Mrs Asher said, delighted with the childs response.

Yes Miss! Polly replied.

Mrs Asher found the girl to be clumsy and somewhat of a lost
cause, but the little darling was very pretty and delightfully
timid which made teaching her the error of her ways most
enjoyable. The threat of being sent back to the orphanage also
made her more compliant and willing to do anything to please
which only served to seal her fate. Putting the strap down she
walked to the front of the horse and casually ran her fingers
along the rack of implements as if trying to decide which one to
choose next. Taking down a riding crop she swished it through the
air a few times then replaced it on the rack. She then took down
another much longer strap and slapped it against the horses rump
making the poor little darling jump and then calmly replaced it.
Finally, she selected a martinet whip, a favourite of hers,
drawing the leather tails through her fingers as she showed it to
the poor girl before putting it down on the table.

Now! Lift up your bottom! Mrs Asher ordered.

Polly obeyed standing up in the stirrups and presenting her
bottom as she had been told.

Higher! the cruel women ordered, smacking her bottom hard until
she was satisfied that it was at the correct height for her
purposes.

Standing behind the nervous girl, her head level now with her
bottom, she kissed and licked, lingering for a few moments on the
sore cunt and anus before sucking her clitoris causing Polly to
writhe and buck deliciously and then she stopped.

"Miss! Please dont stop," Polly pleaded.

So! You like that do you? Mrs Asher teased.

Yes Miss, Polly replied.

Would you like to masturbate? Mrs Asher asked.

Yes please, Polly whimpered.

Yes please what? Mrs Asher barked, smacking her bottom again
but this time much, much harder.

Yes please Miss, Polly whimpered.

Polly knew that she would have been severely punished at the
orphanage for masturbating without permission so being told to
masturbate, well that was sheer heaven, especially as she had
already been aroused by her mistresses tongue.

Taking a hold of the horses mane with her left hand Polly
eagerly reached between her thighs with her right, her little
fingers frantically rubbing  at her sore cunt in a desperate
attempt to relieve the pain in her bottom.

Picking up the martinet from the table, her mistress brought it
down in a long arc against Pollys pert little bottom. Licking
her lips, she brought the whip down, again listening and watching
as the child screamed, jerked and squirmed delightfully, then she
brought it down even harder just for good measure.

After every sharp landing, she admired the welts and how much
brighter the  childs pale flesh had become where the lines had
crossed and was delighted to see how frantically she masturbated
in order to counteract the pain in her bottom.

Aiming the martinet to cross as many welts as possible she felt a
surge of pleasure through her own cunt as her juices flowed
around the rubber cock that she was wearing and although a little
cumbersome to wear she found through experience that it served
its purpose very well.

You are enjoying this, arent you? Mrs Asher teased.

Yes Miss, Polly whimpered.

Knowing that any of the cruel implements would make the little
tart scream she decided to test her resolve and after hanging the
martinet back on the rack she took her time to select another.

It is obvious that you need some lessons in self-control, Mrs
Asher said, selecting a cane and swishing it through the air
several times to test its flexibility.

Made of rattan and three feet in length, the cruel cane sent
shivers down Pollys spine as it was whipped down across the rump
of the horse. To her, it was thicker and longer than the ones at
the orphanage. To her mistress, it was just what the clumsy maid
deserved. To Lady Marlborough however, it was ideal for her
step-daughter Hannah and she was already devising a plan to have
one sent to her governess without delay.

Just one of many implements supplied by Lady Hart, the cane was
acquired from the boys reformatory where she was an active
member of the board of governors. Although Lady Marlborough had
never visited the reformatory, her sister had often thrilled her
with tales about the cruel justice metered out there and was
delighted that her chosen charitable work also provided her with
the opportunity to enjoy her real passion, that of humiliating
and disciplining young boys.

Pollys tendency to clench her bottom during punishment meant
that the cane on its own would not be enough to instil
self-control, so laying it down on the table she walked over to
the cabinet.

Unlike the rack of implements that was in front of the rider, the
cabinet was in a part of room that was out of their view.
Retrieving two parcels wrapped in brown paper from the cabinet
she opened them up and showed the contents to the girl who
immediately began to whimper.

Contained within the first parcel was a ginger root. Stouter than
the ones used during Friday night punishment parades at the
orphanage, this one was carved so that once inserted it could not
easily be expelled. Contained in the second parcel was a pair of
gloves and a bouquet of nettles. Although not as painful as a
ginger root, Polly couldnt help remembering how some of the
staff would use nettles to punish unauthorised masturbation late
at night when the sound of a spanking would have awoken the
others.

Please, Miss! Polly cried out.

Well now! What is to be, a figging or a nettling? Mrs Asher
asked curtly.

Please Miss! I will do anything, Polly begged.

Recalling the humiliation of having to be figged at the orphanage
to stop her from clenching her bottom, Polly had hoped that once
she was in service she would escape all that pain and
humiliation. However, like all the other children at Marlborough
Hall she had to learn that she had no choice in the matter and
that it would make things much easier if she just did as she was
told and accepted her fate. Anything? Mrs Asher asked.

Yes! Anything, Polly replied.

Anything what? Mrs Asher barked, smacking her bottom hard again
but this time for a good few moments.

Anything Miss! Polly screamed.

Well! We will have to see about that, Mrs Asher teased.

Yes Miss, Polly whimpered.

Well! Which is it to be a figging or a nettling? Mrs Asher
barked, showing the girl the contents of the two parcels again.

A nettling, Miss, Polly replied.

Polly knew that she had chosen well. Mrs Asher did not have any
preference as they would both hurt but her ladyship was
disappointed because she had yet to see the ginger root being
used. She had heard so much about figging from her sister as the
boys at the reformatory are always figged before being punished.
Determined not to miss out on this spectacle, she started to
formulate a plan to have both a carved ginger root and the rattan
cane sent to Hannahs governess, and to have her demonstrate
their use just as soon as possible.

Very Well! Keep your bottom well up and push it out, Mrs Asher
ordered, placing the parcels on the table.

As she pulled on the gloves and readied the nettles she had
little doubt in her mind that the child knew just how painful a
figging would have been but she was determined to make a nettling
just as painful, especially on such deliciously tender skin.

Ready? Mrs Asher asked, collecting up the nettles in her gloved
hands.

Yes! Polly replied nervously.

Yes what? Mrs Asher barked, drawing the nettles slowly up and
down her anal crease until the little darling screamed.

Yes Miss! Polly screamed.

You need to learn some manners! Mrs Asher barked.

Please Miss! Polly whimpered, as the nettles burnt into her
cunt and anus causing her bottom cheeks to open and close most
erotically.

So you thought that a nettling would be less painful than a
figging did you? she teased.

Yes Miss! Polly replied.

Well I have news for you my girl. They are both painful, the
difference being that a figging will only burn your rectum,
whereas a nettling will burn wherever I choose, Mrs Asher
teased.

Please Miss! Polly murmured.

Well! Do you still think that a nettling was the right choice?
Mrs Asher asked, watching as the poor little girls cunt and anus
became deliciously inflamed.

No Miss! Polly replied.

Then, just as things were starting to get exciting footsteps
could be heard outside the office and there was a knock at the
door.

Now! You are to stay as you are. Do you hear me? Mrs Asher
said, putting the nettles down on the table and taking off the
gloves.

Yes Miss, Polly murmured.

Mrs Asher was not in the slightest bit deterred by the intrusion
as she was expecting Mary to arrive with her new maid but little
Polly, well she was devastated, as she was naked straddling the
punishment horse with a sore bottom and thighs and an inflamed
cunt and anus. Her ladyship however, was delighted as this was
just what she enjoyed seeing, a woman with a passion for abuse
playing cruel games with her prey.

Come in, Mrs Asher said as she opened the door.

As Mary ushered her charge into the office it became obvious to
her that she was early and she hesitated.

Oh! I am sorry madam. I can see you are busy, but her ladyship
told me to bring this young girl to you. Do you want me to bring
her back later? Mary asked, somewhat embarrassingly.

No! That will not be necessary Mrs Asher said with a smile.

Very well Madam! Mary replied, ushering her charge past the
child on the punishment horse and over to the bay window where
the woman would be able to get a better view of her new maid.

In her uniform, Beatrice did not look much older than the girl on
the horse but unlike her she was not there to be punished but to
be introduced to her new mistress.

Thank you! That will be all, Mrs Asher told Mary.

A little disappointed, Mary left but could not bring herself to
despise the woman, as she knew only too well that the best
entertainment is always to be had in private and that she could
not complain as she had already had hers with the young tart.

Mrs Asher walked over to the window to inspect her new maid and
although on first impressions she looked attractive she appeared
to be older than she usually accepted for training, but she could
see potential, especially as she had been told by her ladyship
that she had a real passion for abusing girls much younger than
herself.

Now listen to me! My name is Mrs Asher, but you are to call me
Miss, do you understand? she explained.

Yes Miss, the girl replied.

What is your name? Mrs Asher asked.

Beatrice Miss, she replied, glancing lustfully at the child on
the horse and then open mouthed at the bouquet of nettles and the
ginger root on the table, both of which she had some experience,
the full rack of implements and at the open cabinet which
contained many items that she had never seen before.

This is Polly Tomkins and I was in the middle of punishing her
when you arrived, Mrs Asher explained, smacking the poor childs
bottom and thighs for a good few moments just to ensure that she
was under no illusion that her punishment was over yet.

Please! Polly screamed.

Please what? Mrs Asher said, smacking her bottom and thighs
hard again.

Please Miss! Polly screamed, writhing delightfully and showing
off her lovely charms to her excited audience.

Remembering her ordeal at the hands at Mrs Jarvis yesterday, her
thoughts soon turned to making Beatrice wear a harness, similar
to the one she had used to ravish little Polly. It would have to
be different though, as the little tart already knew what it was
like to be ravished vaginally, and as she had already been
allowed to masturbate, well that would be far too much pleasure.
No, it would have to be worse, perhaps anally the pace determined
by some painful encouragement being given to Beatrices bottom
and thighs.

So! You are want to train as a parlour maid. Is that correct?
Mrs Asher enquired.

Yes Miss! Beatrice replied.

How old are you? Mrs Asher asked.

Thirteen Miss, Beatrice replied.

How old do think Polly is? Mrs Asher teased.

I am not sure Miss, Beatrice replied.

Guess! Mrs Asher said.

Ten Miss, Beatrice said.

How old are you Polly? Mrs Asher asked.

Eleven Miss! Polly murmured.

That was not a bad guess. She does look younger but I never
concern myself with how young they are. You see, in my book, a
punishment is a punishment and I always like to make it as
painful as possible. I understand from her ladyship that you are
not only able to accept punishment yourself but that you have a
real passion for punishing girls younger than yourself. Is that
correct? Mrs Asher enquired with a smile.

Yes Miss! I really enjoyed punishing the little ones in my
dormitory at St Agathas and I helped punish a little girl called
Alice in the carriage on the way back here yesterday, Beatrice
explained.

I see! Mrs Asher teased.

There is to be a birthday party here for Alice tomorrow
afternoon and her ladyship has invited me to help. Please may I
be excused my duties so that I can go and help Miss? Beatrice
begged.

We will discuss that later, but now I understand that you are
here to be introduced, is that correct? Mrs Asher asked.

Yes Miss! Beatrice replied.

Good! Then you can start by removing your uniform, Mrs Asher
said.

Without hesitation Beatrice removed her uniform to stand naked in
front of her new mistress. Compared with little Polly who was two
years younger and more agile, Mrs Asher thought that Beatrice
would find service a challenge, but nevertheless she would be a
delight to train and a pleasure to punish.

Turn! Mrs Asher ordered.

As Beatrice turned, Mrs Asher was delighted to see that the
girls bottom, thighs and breasts still showed the signs of a
recent punishment and that her cunt was deliciously inflamed.

Determined to investigate this further, she fetched the chair
with no arms and placed it with its back to the bay window.
Sitting down carefully and adjusting the rubber cock in her cunt,
she summoned the girl to come and stand in front of her.

As she turned the girl, the light cast a delicious glow over her
bottom and thighs which were now at eye level to her and showed
all the signs of being recently punished. However, more
intriguing was that the tarts cunt was delightfully inflamed.

Tell me! I can see that you have been punished recently, but why
is your cunt so inflamed. Mrs Asher enquired pinching her
clitoris.

Please Miss! Beatrice whimpered.

Do you masturbate? Mrs Asher enquired with a smile.

Yes! Beatrice replied.

Yes what? the woman said, smacking the poor girls bottom hard
for a good few moments and making Polly, who could hear but not
see, pleased that for once it was not her being punished.

Yes Miss! Beatrice replied with a whimper.

As she started to examine her, she was delighted to see her
nipples start to harden and that her budding breasts had recently
been abused. Turning her to face Polly, who was so erotically
displayed astride the horse, she slipped her fingers deep into
her inflamed cunt and started to masturbate her at the same time
smacking her bottom and thighs with a slow but firm rhythm,
causing the young tart to rise up on her toes and beg for
release.

Please Miss! Beatrice murmured.

So you like that do you? Mrs Asher teased.

Yes Miss! Beatrice murmured.

Tell me! What do think of Polly? Mrs Asher asked. She is very
pretty Miss, Beatrice replied with a smile.

Would you like to ravish her? Mrs Asher asked.

Yes please Miss! May I examine her first? Beatrice asked.

Yes of course! Mrs Asher replied, releasing her so that she
could go and stand behind the child.

Beatrice started her examination by squeezing and pinching
Pollys bottom and thighs to test their firmness and then as she
became more aroused she aggravated the little darlings cunt and
anus still deliciously inflamed with nettle rash making her
struggle and scream delightfully.

Please Miss! Polly screamed.

What do you think of her? Mrs Asher asked, ignoring the childs
screams.

Well Miss! Her bottom and thighs are nice and firm and she has
sensitive skin, which means that she will be a pleasure to
punish. She reminds me of a little girl who used to be in my
dormitory. I really enjoyed punishing her because she had
sensitive skin and no matter how little effort I used it always
made her struggle and scream just like Polly, Beatrice replied.

Tell me more? Mrs Asher teased.

Well Miss! Her name was Eliza. Although she was not the only
little minx to get into trouble to gain my affections, she was my
favourite. You see, I would hold them tightly between my thighs
as I spanked their bottoms and thighs with the bristle side of my
hairbrush, but Eliza, well she used to struggle so much due to
her sensitive skin, that the pressure of her knee   up against my
cunt made me come to orgasm quicker than any of the others,
Beatrice explained.

I see! How could you tell if they had sensitive skin? Mrs Asher
enquired.

Well Miss! I would squeeze and pinch their little bottoms and
thighs and if they struggled, then I would know they had
sensitive skin. However, it did not matter if they did not have
sensitive skin as I would just spank them much harder not
stopping until I was totally sated, Beatrice replied.

Well now! It would seem that we share the same passion. Perhaps,
it is now time for this naughty little girl to find out just what
that is, Mrs Asher said with a smile.

Oh yes, Miss, Beatrice replied.

Mrs Asher was content, Beatrice was excited, Lady Marlborough was
delighted but poor Polly well she was devastated. It was bad
enough being ravished by her mistress, but for a girl not much
older than herself, well that was much more difficult to come to
terms with.

Please Miss! Polly whimpered.

Be quite! Mrs Asher barked.

Walking over to the cabinet she slowly rummaged through its
contents, more to unnerve Polly than anything else who could hear
but not see, until she found what she was looking for. Retrieving
the object along with a bottle of oil she placed them on the
table.

Lady Marlborough quickly recognised the object as a harness
similar to the one that Mrs Jarvis had made her wear yesterday to
ravish Polly. However, unlike that one, which had a long ribbed
rubber cock at front and a short thick bulbous head at the rear,
this one was made of the finest leather and had none other than
three rubber cocks sewn into it. To its front was an adolescent
sized ribbed rubber cock, and at its rear two identically short
stout rubber cocks with bulbous heads that faced inwards and held
together by adjustable leather straps.

Beatrice starred at the object, firstly with trepidation but then
with some excitement as she realised just what her mistress had
in mind for the poor little darling.

Do you know what this is for my dear? Mrs Asher teased
Beatrice.

Yes! Beatrice nervously replied.

Yes what? Mrs Asher said angrily, smacking her bottom hard
again much to Pollys amusement.

Yes Miss! Beatrice whimpered.

Now listen! If you want to help at Alices birthday party then I
expect you to show me that you deserve that privilege, do you
understand? Mrs Asher explained.

Yes Miss! Beatrice whimpered.

Picking up the harness from the table she set about liberally
coating the two smaller rubber cocks with oil from the bottle and
then passed it to Beatrice.

Put it on! Mrs Asher ordered.

Beatrice took the harness and with a little help stepped into it
and drew the thin leather straps up and over her thighs, catching
her breath as the two short stout rubber cocks with the bulbous
heads nudged up against her cunt and anus.

The first bulbous head slipped into her vagina with ease, no
doubt due to her already being aroused, but the second, well that
needed a little bit more persuasion to enter her rectum. The
forward pointing ribbed cock was then straightened and made rigid
by tightening the leather straps ensuring that the two smaller
cocks fitted snuggly.

Taking a hold of the protruding ribbed rubber cock, Mrs Asher led
the young tart round to the front of the horse, smiling as
Beatrices face started to flush with excitement, which was in
stark contrast to Polly whose face was starting to flush with
tears.

No, no, please! Polly screamed.

Now my girl! It is time for you to learn that clumsiness brings
painful consequences, Mrs Asher told Polly.

Please Miss! it was an accident, Polly said.

That makes no difference. Now sit back down in the saddle and
lay yourself along the horse and hold on to its mane, Mrs Asher
barked.

As Polly did as she was told, Mrs Asher retrieved the dais from
the side of the horse and placed it directly behind then beckoned
Beatrice to come and stand in front of it.

Mount! Mrs Asher told Beatrice.

Beatrice did as she was told and standing on the dais she found
herself at waist height to Pollys bottom and ideally positioned
to reach her nipples and other sensitive places in order to make
her co-operate. Menacingly the ribbed cock now hovered up against
the poor darlings cunt and anus and she dearly hoped that her
mistress would let her ravish her anally, because the tightness
of her rectum would make her scream and would also be much more
pleasurable for herself.

Well now! Dont you both look a picture, Mrs Asher said, as she
walked over to the rack of implements.

After a few moments she returned with a leather strap and laid it
down on the table.

Push your bottom back! Mrs Asher told Polly.

Polly did as she was told but it would seem that whatever she did
that day would never be enough for her mistress.

Further! Mrs Asher ordered, picking up the leather strap and
bringing it down hard on the table making Beatrice jump and Polly
push her bottom back until it felt like it was about to split.

Now! You are to keep your bottom like that or it will feel this
strap, do you understand? Mrs Asher said, laying the strap back
down on the table.

Yes Miss! Polly replied.

How would you like to ravish her? Mrs Asher whispered in
Beatrices ear.

Anally Miss! Beatrice whispered out of Pollys hearing.

Very well! But I expect you to give her no favour, because if
you do then it will be you that will be feeling this, do you
understand me? Mrs Asher whispered, picking up the cruel looking
strap and caressing her bottom and thighs with it.

Yes! Beatrice replied.

Yes what! Mrs Asher barked angrily, bringing the strap down
hard across her bottom and thighs.

Yes Miss! Beatrice whimpered.

As the young tart jiggled her bottom and thighs in an attempt to
dissipate the pain in her bottom and thighs she inadvertently
rubbed the ribbed cock against Pollys cunt and anus causing them
both to become quite aroused.

Stop that this instant! Mrs Asher ordered.

Mrs Asher was delighted with young Beatrice. She responded well
to all her commands and at last she had found someone who shared
her passion. Whether the tart would make a good parlour maid,
well that was another matter, but now it was her intention to
test her resolve and let her ravish Polly in a way that the poor
little darling had never been ravished before. Now listen! You
are going to ravish her, but if you show her any favour, I will
not hesitate to strap your bottom and thighs, do you understand?
Mrs Asher said, coating the ribbed rubber cock with oil.

Yes Miss! Beatrice replied.

No, please! I want to change my mind, Miss! Polly screamed.

Anything! That is what you said. Do you want me to send you back
to the orphanage, you ungrateful little girl? Mrs Asher spat.

No please! I am sorry, Miss, Polly, replied.

Are you ready? Mrs Asher asked Beatrice.

Yes Miss! Beatrice replied.

Good! Then you may begin, Mrs Asher said.

Beatrices eyes devoured Pollys exposed cunt and anus still sore
from the nettling as she placed the bulbous head of the ribbed
rubber cock against her anus. Taken by surprise, as she expected
it to be in her cunt, Polly tried to stop it from entering by
clenching her bottom and tightening her sphincter muscles much to
the annoyance of Beatrice but to the delight of her mistress.

Well! What are you waiting for? Mrs Asher teased Beatrice.

Please Miss! Polly whimpered.

Be quite child! Perhaps next time you will not be so clumsy,
Mrs Asher teased.

Again! Mrs Asher ordered Beatrice, bringing the strap down hard
across her bottom and thighs and bringing fresh screams from
little Polly as the momentum of the young tarts hips forced the
bulbous head to work its way inside the childs rectum.

Please Miss! Polly screamed.

Harder! Mrs Asher ordered.

Mrs Asher loved the anguish and the pain that Beatrice was
causing the poor little darling and quickly came to orgasm on her
rubber cock as she watched both her maids writhing and succumbing
to theirs.

Stop! Mrs Asher shouted, sensing that they were both about to
orgasm.

Although she did not begrudge them that pleasure, that fact was
that Polly was being punished and Beatrice was being tested.
Besides, little Polly had work to attend to and Beatrice, well
she needed to be trained so having to send them to the infirmary
was not very practical.

Letting Beatrice stand down from the dais and remove the harness
she then made the young tart help poor little Polly dismount.
Once together she let them apply some of the special healing
lotion to each others sore bottoms, thighs and genitals and was
not in the slightest bit surprised when their enthusiast actions
caused them both to orgasm.

Well done! You have both excided my expectations and I am
delighted to say that you Beatrice have earned the privilege of
going to Alices party, Mrs Asher said, much to the annoyance of
Polly.

Lady Marlborough was delighted with the ingenuity of the cruel
woman and left the room sated. As she walked down the corridor
she could still hear the little darlings reacting to the lotion
as their mistress applied even more of the lotion to their
bottoms, thighs and genitals to help ensure a much quicker
recovery.








































































