They’re almost home when Dean smells smoke curling in through his open window. And it’s not from a barbeque or cook fire, either, because there’s too damn much of it, and anyway the flavor is wrong. Domesticated fires taste different on his tongue—they carry hints of the meal to come. This smoke sits heavy and black and threatening, and besides it’s the wrong time for anyone to be up.

Well past midnight, and dark, and fuck, they never should have left.

Dean wrenches the Impala over to the side of the road without hesitation.

Sam smells it now too—Dean knows from the way his mate doesn’t complain or even ask why Dean stopped. From the corner of his eyes, Dean sees Sam following his lead and getting out of the car. Then they’re both running, moving through field and a brief stretch of forest faster than the car could carry them.

When they burst out of cover within sight of the farm, Geri gives a distressed, grieving whine at the disaster waiting for them.

There’s smoke everywhere, thick and clogging. Flames burn against the black sky as they eat through the wooden frame of the main house. From one of the smaller buildings, a sharp crack followed by the tinkle of glass signals one of the upper story windows blowing out. The heat is a living, invisible thing, pulsing around Dean’s skin in syrupy waves.

But it isn’t the fire that closes Dean’s throat and steals his breath. It’s the dark lumps strewn on the ground around the buildings—shapes that carry the stench of burnt flesh and recent death. Geri has curled up small and tight inside of him, shivering and stunned, and Dean finds himself unexpectedly, unbearably alone as comprehension takes him.

“No,” he whispers as his knees buckle with the weight of his guilt. “Oh God, no.”

“Dean,” Sam says sharply, grabbing Dean’s arm and pulling him straight again. “Dean, look at me.”

But Dean can’t take his eyes off the blackened bodies lying on the earth—bodies he can’t put names to because the faces are missing. Charred limbs twist and reach for the sky. He wants to believe that some of their people got out, but the only sound in the night is the fire’s roar.

If there were anyone left, surely they’d be trying to douse the fires. They’d be busy covering the bodies of the dead with blankets, wouldn’t have left them to lie where they fell.

Bobby. Bonnie. Ellen.

The kids.

“Dean, please.”

“My fault,” Dean whispers. “This is my fault.”

Sam’s fingers dig into his arm, sharp and painful. “No. We don’t even know what happened here, you can’t—”

“I was the one getting restless, I wanted to go on that hunt, I—” The rest of that gets lost in Sam’s shoulder when Dean is dragged into a tight embrace. He struggles briefly—doesn’t fucking deserve to be held when he did this—and then grips back because, worthy or not, he needs the comfort. He needs his mate’s unflinching love and support to keep his mind from snapping back into the Arena where it wants to go.

Back to the screams of burning women and the sick, bitter taste of failure in his mouth.

“Well, isn’t this cozy.”

Dean jerks away from Sam at the unexpected voice, moving to stand between his mate and the potential threat before he’s even finished processing the intrusion.

The voice belongs to a man—or something in a man-shape, anyway, because the figure reeks of unhappy, horrified despair, and there’s only one thing that smells that bad. The figure—the demon—smiles when it sees it has their attention, but before Dean’s instincts can take him snarling and leaping in the demon’s direction, it’s joined by another. And another. White eyes on all of them, cold and cruel, but even so Dean thinks he and Sam could take them, if not for the steady stream of flunkies coming around the side of the burning building.

These aren’t demons—not with eyes glowing in the firelight like molten copper—but Christ, Dean wishes they were because he can smell them now, and that familiar, stomach-turning scent has jolted him out of this moment and straight into another.

Face pressed into the thin mattress of his cot. Arms twisted behind him, wrists pinned at the small of his back by a sweaty hand. Legs forced painfully wide to accommodate the crushing weight of another body on his—this one heavier even than the fat fuck Dean serviced last week, because muscle weighs more than flab and Hank is built like a goddamned tank. Pain and shame and cringing humiliation make Dean’s stomach lurch with every grunting thrust—the son of a bitch taking Dean here, waking him from an exhausted, uneasy doze and tainting the closest thing he has to a safe place in this bloody, defiling cage.

He’s worn out (fought last night, and then there were three clients to take care of) and drugged (blue blue blue, everything is blue and heavy and slow) and Hank isn’t either, so there’s no real point to fighting. Dean tries anyway. He fights as hard and as violently as he can to get free—to get Hank off of him—and Hank is laughing in his ear and calling him pretty whore, and slut, and puppy, and—

Deanmemine! 

Dean blinks, stilling briefly in confusion and then crying out hoarsely (that’s it, howl for me, good dog) when Hank ruts back in again. 

::No time for thenhurts,:: the distant voice calls. ::Come back. Danger. Danger now.::

Then Hank bites down on the nape of Dean’s neck, deep and hard, and yanks him up and—

—and it isn’t Hank at all, it’s Geri, and that’s Sam trying to keep hold of him and fuck, fuck, Dean’s heart is ricocheting around in his ribcage like a bullet.

“Hank,” he pants.

Sam flinches at the name, expression running from dismay to concern to annoyance to anger and then shutting down into the competent game-face he always wears when they’re in the middle of something and don’t have time to deal with all the touchy-feely crap the way he always wants to. “Dean, you have to focus, man, I need you—”

“No. I’m fine.” It’s a lie, but one Dean knows he’ll be allowed under their present circumstances, and sure enough Sam doesn’t so much as blink as he clarifies, “They smell like Hank.”

Their unwelcome company should have attacked by now—it would have been perfect timing, with Dean lost in his own mind and Sam busy trying to manage him—but for some reason they’re just standing there waiting. Probably because the sons of bitches want him and Sam to know what’s happening when they’re disemboweled.

“Hybrids?” Sam asks tightly, and Geri gives a panting whine in Dean’s head as he shuffles through Dean’s memories of sparring with Hank and realizes just what they’re up against.

Three white-eyed demons, what looks like close to thirty hybrids, and a partridge in a pear tree.

They’re so fucking screwed.

“Lilith got tired of waiting,” the lead demon says, reclaiming Dean’s attention. “She was worried you didn’t get her message.”

Dean’s stomach turns as he remembers the ghouls, and Geri gives a frightened whimper inside of him—thinking about Gleipnir, probably, which is a threat Dean hasn’t quite been able to grasp himself. Not that he doesn’t have his own worries. After all, he has no trouble understanding that if Lilith gets her hands on him, his time in the Arena is going to look like a cakewalk.

“We got it,” Sam answers while Dean struggles to function through the twofold fear flooding him. “We just weren’t all that interested.”

“Your opinion isn’t important, pussy cat,” the demon sneers, and then shifts its milky, blind gaze to Dean.

These motherfuckers actually expect him to come willingly. Jesus Christ.

“Yeah, I’m gonna have to pass,” he manages to say. The words come out sounding surprisingly steady.

“Are you declining the honor?”

“What can I say,” Dean mutters, scanning the faces of the hybrids in an attempt to figure out if any of them still have a shred of sanity left. “That collar look is so last year.”

One of the hybrids snarls at him, baring all of his teeth, and Dean catches a glimpse of metal around the guy’s neck. Oops.

“Lilith doesn’t take kindly to having her invitations rejected,” the spokesdemon comments.

“Yeah, well, if Lilith wants a pet, maybe she should try the pound.”

“Oh, she has,” the demon answers with a sly grin. “She’s been shopping around, looking for a suitable home for the mutt while she breaks you both in.”

Dean starts and feels Sam do the same beside him.

Can she do that? Dean demands, reaching toward Geri and pulling the wolf close. Can she separate us?

It doesn’t answer with words, but the snatches of Gleipnir lore it feeds him don’t look too promising.

The thought of being separated from Geri turns Dean’s insides cold and brittle, but it isn’t the weak, helpless fear that he’s used to feeling at the thought of Lilith getting her hands on them. No, this is the sharp, edged fear that cuts and maddens and angers, and he finds his lips drawing back from his teeth in an instinctive snarl.

Fuckers are going to have to bring him to that bitch in a body bag.

From the subtle shift in Sam’s stance to his left, his mate has scented Dean’s intention to fight and is ready to back him. Between the two of them, they should at least be able to thin the ranks before they fall. Dean glances over, catching Sam’s attention long enough to offer a quick flash of a smile, and receives one in return.

It isn’t much of a goodbye—certainly isn’t the one Dean wants to go out on—but it’ll have to do.

Standing just in front of the burning farm, the demon tilts its head in acknowledgement and then, with a casual gesture of command toward the hybrids, says, “Kill the cat and subdue the dog. Minimal damage, remember. You’re expendable. He isn’t.”

Dean flushes, momentarily confused by the wash of embarrassed fury that runs through him at the proprietary words, and then embraces Geri as the wolf lunges to the surface. When they move forward to meet the hybrids’ charge, it’s with the two-as-one sensation of completeness that leaves Dean with the illusion of having clawed paws instead of hands.

He rips open the throat of an overzealous grunt on his charge in and then growls as he thuds into the hybrids’ front line—an impenetrable wall of muscle and teeth. Two more of the hybrids go down in quick succession—one neck snapped, another back broken—and then Dean pivots and drives his closed fit into a fourth hybrid’s chest hard enough to shatter the ribcage located behind a protective layer of muscle.

The hybrid grunts but keeps coming, its eyes blank of anything but the slavish devotion of a fanatic. It throws a punch that glances the side of Dean’s face and Dean is about to return a punch of his own when something heavy plows into him from the rear, gripping him in a bear hug and trapping his arms at his sides. Snarling, Dean throws his head back and connects solidly with a fifth hybrid’s face. He feels a spray of blood—broke the fucker’s nose, then: good—but the arms caging him don’t slack. And he can see about eight more of the crazy bastards closing in on him.

Off to the left, Dean catches sight of Sam fighting against his own mass of over-muscled bodies. His mate has a knife in his hand, at least, and is spilling a lot more blood than Dean has so far, but five hybrids are just throwing themselves at him while a demon looks on with a blade of its own, and it isn’t hard to guess their strategy. All they need to do is hold Sam still for a few moments and the demon will dart in and open his throat. Game over.

No.

Forgetting their own situation, Dean and Geri make a wild lunge in their mate’s direction, desperate to get over and help him. They’re actually starting to drag the hybrid hanging onto them in that direction when another massive body collides with them, sending them all down to the ground in a tangle of limbs and leaving Dean on his stomach at the bottom of the pile. More hybrids pile on as soon as Dean is down, obscuring his view and driving the breath from his lungs. It’s nearly impossible to get any air with so much weight on top of him, but Dean is concerned with more than breathing as he twists and strains to reach the blade he just remembered is tucked into his boot.

Should have grabbed it before, wasn’t thinking, fuck, he has to get up, has to get to Sam—

He’s so focused on getting out from underneath the hybrids that it takes him a few minutes to realize that there are newcomers to the fray—men and women squaring off against the hybrids with long, silvery blades that they wield with easy competence. And they’re having enough success that some of the hybrids weighing Dean down are getting off the pile and moving to face the new threat.

Hallefuckingluhja.

Relief and hope swell in Dean’s chest, giving him the extra burst of energy he needs to complete his reach and get his fingers around the knife handle. The weapon is in his hand a moment later, and he squirms over onto his back and drives the blade into the soft belly pressing down against his. The hybrid blanketing him screams, eyes widening and then immediately dulling as Dean rips the knife up through flesh and bone, carving himself room to move.

The spill of wet heat over his own stomach is a distant, unimportant sensation—and anyway, it isn’t any worse than he’s felt before in the Arena—and Dean keeps his expression still and calm as he looks past the dead hybrid to the next in the pile. The hybrid looks back at him with a leer—clearly doesn’t know what’s happening yet, but it catches up quickly enough when Dean wraps both hands around the knife handle and shoves up as hard as he can. The hybrid jitters, mouth opening in a red, blood-dribbling scream that tells Dean he’s managed to force the blade through all of the dead meat separating them and into the second hybrid’s body.

He grins, fierce and feral, as he twists the blade. The hybrid screams again and then goes limp, pressing Dean more firmly into the earth.

“Puppy has a claw,” a low voice rumbles—third and topmost on the pile, now that the others have rejoined the fight. There’s a scar twisting the right side of this hybrid’s face into a permanent grin, but Dean thinks that the expression isn’t too far off from what the son of a bitch is feeling as it reaches down and grips Dean’s throat. The hybrid isn’t trying to kill him—Dean can tell from the careful, slow tightening of its fingers—but then again, it doesn’t need to. It just needs to cut off his airflow long enough to leave him limp and unconscious.

Heart beating more quickly, Dean jerks his hands and tries to dig his way up through the second body. He doesn’t have the right angle for the knife, though, can’t reach, and his mouth gapes as he fights futilely for breath.

“Go to sleep, puppy,” the hybrid tells him, and Dean groans at the back of his throat as the weight on top of him shifts.

The hybrid sounds like Hank, and to Dean’s de-oxygenated brain, it looks like Hank too. Hank’s face swells in his fading field of vision (grinning, fucker was always grinning), and Dean’s throat works against the fingers blocking his airflow.

“Shhh,” Hank (not Hank, Hank’s dead he is he is he) breathes, his breath gusting close and fetid over Dean’s face.

This isn’t Dean’s type of fight, pinned and on edge and still thinking too much about the Arena, and as darkness pushes in on him, he stops fighting and cedes control to Geri. The wolf snarls through him, filling Dean’s body with a brief surge of energy, and then lunges up against the hybrid’s hand.

It isn’t a move Dean ever would have tried, sending the world momentarily black and making his head pound alarmingly, but the tactic is unexpected enough to work and Dean feels his teeth sink into the hybrid’s throat. It’s Geri who bites down, but Dean regains control a moment later, and it’s him who jerks his head from side to side, worrying the skin between his teeth and releasing a hot, wet gush into his mouth and down onto his chin and throat.

The pile of dead hybrid on top of him jerks one final time and goes still.

Coughing and trying to catch his breath, Dean releases his latest kill’s throat and turns his face to the side. Blood continues to pour down on his face, getting up his nose and into his mouth, but he can gasp in at least a little air like this, and after a short while the flood slows to a trickle. He gives himself several breaths to focus past the throbbing of his head and the burning in his chest and then starts working his way free.

By the time he’s finished belly crawling out from underneath all that dead weight, the fight is over.

The hybrids and demons are all down and mostly unmoving, along with one or two of the unexpected reinforcements. The remaining newcomers are moving around among the bodies, delivering death blows to one or two determined hybrids, but for the moment Dean ignores them (and the weird, dry feather-scent coming off of them) in favor of hurrying over to his mate.

Sam looks a little dazed, and he’s cut in a couple places—sporting a broken cheekbone that’s already healing as Dean brushes it with his fingertips—but he’s alive. He’s going to be okay.

Oh thank God.

“Jesus,” Sam breathes, eyes widening as he takes in Dean’s own appearance. “Are you hurt?”

Dean shakes his head. “None of it’s mine,” he explains, wiping some of the excess blood off his cheek and spitting to clear his mouth a little.

Sam starts to relax, relief loosening his body, and then stiffens again as his eyes shoot to a distant point over Dean’s shoulder.

“Oh, what now?” Dean complains, turning, and then goes rigid himself.

There are figures emerging from the dark line of trees. People. Their people.

Dean sees Bonnie and Bobby toward the front, and then Ellen and her daughter leading a bunch of kids, and the Bell clan, and Eli and Nellie Parks, who’s cradling Eileen in her soot-streaked arms. There are gaps—he can’t spot Rachel Brewer or Winston Grange—and injuries—Chris Anderson is being all but carried out by his brother Sal—but not one minute ago, Dean thought everyone was dead, so calling this a pleasant surprise would be a vast understatement.

He starts forward—he has to make sure all the kids are accounted for—only to be stopped by Sam’s hand on his arm. When he casts a glance over, the relief dancing in his mate’s eyes is tempered with reluctant concern.

“You don’t want them to see you like this, Dean,” Sam points out gently.

With a start, Dean remembers the blood soaking him—remembers that he looks pretty much the same way he used to after a particularly pleasing performance in the Arena—and his chest pulls small and tight. He turns his back on their people, hunching his shoulders and glancing at the dark woods that he and Sam ran through a short time before. Maybe he can make it to cover before anyone realizes he was even here.

He takes a single step forward and then stops as an unfamiliar man moves directly into his path. The guy’s wearing a tie and a long, light-colored trench coat. His hair is a dark, messy tumble, and he’s wearing the grimmest expression Dean has ever seen, but he’s also holding out a wet towel. Dean’s thankful enough he could almost kiss the dude.

“Thanks,” he says, taking the towel and using it to wipe down his face and neck. “And thanks for the assist. Are you guys friends of Bobby’s?”

Trench Coat’s eyes flick to Sam before he answers, “We hope to be friends of yours.”

Dean glances at his mate, taking in the unhappy, tense set of Sam’s shoulders and the sullen wariness in his mate’s eyes. But as uncomfortable as he clearly is, Sam also seems resigned to the situation, and unsurprised, which means he actually knows who these people are. After a few moments of wracking his brains, Dean remembers the conversation he had with his mate—oh, almost seven months ago now, it must have been—and suddenly everything clicks into place.

“Angels?” he checks, taking a second look at their rescuers. “No shit, really?” Then, casting a quick glance back at the people approaching from the woods, he adds, “You guys responsible for saving their bacon?”

Trench Coat nods somberly, still watching Dean in an intense, unblinking way that’s starting to feel a little strange. “We rescued everyone we could. We have been keeping watch for some time now, as part of a good faith gesture. And,” he adds, with a considerate nod toward Sam, “In an attempt to remedy wrongs done in the past.”

Sam looks not at all pacified by that explanation. “What, it didn’t occur to you to step in before they torched the place?” he snarls, scent going sour and unpleasant.

There’s only one emotion that smells so damned pungent and neck prickling on Dean’s mate.

Not that Dean gets what the hell Sam has to be jealous about.

Then Sam moves in even closer to him, slinging an arm around Dean’s waist and leveling a belligerent, challenging stare at the angel, and it isn’t difficult to read between the lines on that particular maneuver.

Dean’s beginning to think Sam left part of his conversation with this dude out when he told Dean about it.

For his own part, the angel seems to be taking Sam’s hostility in stride. His expression remains calm and his voice serene as he says, “We are few. The loss of even a single soldier is disastrous, and without allies, we must choose our engagements sparingly.”

“Why the hell did you bother interfering at all, then?” Sam demands.

“Sam!” Dean barks, because there’s being ungrateful and then there’s being an asshole and then there’s kicking your rescuer in the mouth.

Somehow, Sam’s managing all three at once.

The set of Sam’s jaw remains unapologetic, but the angel ignores him and looks at Dean as he says, “We could not let you be harmed.”

Trench Coat means more than he’s actually saying, Dean senses—both does and doesn’t mean the both of them. And he knows he’s reading the angel right from the way Sam is bristling possessively and all but hissing at his side.

Dean maybe enjoys how riled up Sam can get at times, but he really isn’t in the mood to put up with any territorial bullshit right now. Not after the night he just had. As though Dean and Geri could ever even look at anyone else.

Jerking his arm free where it was trapped between their bodies, Dean holds it out in the angel’s direction. “Dean Winchester,” he announces. “And if it’s allies you’re looking for, you’ve got ‘em.”

“Castiel,” Trench Coat answers, taking his hand and giving it a brief, polite shake. There’s nothing polite or brief about the way he’s looking at Dean, though, and Dean finds himself flushing and glancing away as he takes his hand back.

Inside of him, Geri is peering out with curious interest, too concerned with the new experience of actually meeting a brightlight to have noticed the way that Sam’s scent has shifted yet again. Good thing, too, because when Sam smells like this, a bout of rough, claiming sex isn’t all that far off. And when there’s sex of any brand to be had, Geri is more than a little bit of a horndog.

Not that Dean isn’t all for a roll in the grass himself, but right now he’s just… not in the mood. Not when he has other people’s blood on him. Not when memories of Hank are so fresh and raw in his head.

Thankfully, before he has to deal with the brewing situation (from Sam’s expression, he’s thinking about starting a brawl before dragging Dean off into the woods to mark his territory), a familiar voice calls, “Dean! Sam!”

Dean lifts his head, picking Bobby’s waving figure out from the crowd, and then takes the opportunity to detach himself from both his mate and the angel.

“Excuse me, gentlemen,” he murmurs, already raising a hand in a return greeting as he trots in Bobby’s direction. He feels two pairs of eyes boring into his back along the way and has to stifle a sigh.

It’s gonna be a long alliance.