The Fateless, ch 6: Discoveries

Written by James Marcus

https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus


	Adam and Mrellia appeared in Adam's living room; the two females in their arms were kicking and screaming, trying their best to get at each other. Mrellia froze time, excluding Adam from the effect, and released Jan. "You can let her go now Adam."

	Adam released Ginger and turned towards Mrellia. "What the hell is going on?"

	Mrellia frowned as she let go of Jan. "Someone put them under a rage curse. That someone, however, is very powerful. More powerful than I am, I was unable to effect Jan with any of my abilities."

	"So what do we do now?" Adam asked. "If they are more powerful than you, how do we stop the curse, I can't just sit here and let them kill each other?"

	Mrellia turned towards Adam and then guided him away from the two ladies. "You are going to have to try and help them with your abilities. Whoever did this is more powerful than I; however, you are a Fateless, which makes you very powerful in the scheme of things. You may be able to help them. The fact that whoever did this came after them and not you, shows that they are not ready to confront you directly, even in your untrained state. That gives us hope."

	Adam looked over at Jan and Ginger. "What do I need to do?"

	Mrellia grinned slightly and winked at Adam. "What they have been trying to get you to do since this all started, you need to override the anger with another emotion, the most powerful one you have, desire."

	Adam glared at Mrellia, "You're not just using this to get me to have sex with them?"

	"No sir!" Mrellia exclaimed with mock outrage. "Remember how you overcame the curse that Miranda put on you? This curse is even more powerful than anything that Miranda could make, so it will require more passion." She stated, trying her best to keep a serious face.

	Adam looked over at the two women, a thirteen year old girl and her mother. Both of them were crouched ready to spring. Their fingers splayed out ready to claw at each other. Despite the feral looks on their faces, they were both extremely beautiful and Adam felt his cock beginning to rise at the thought of fucking them together. "Are you sure there is no other way?"

	Mrellia shook her head with a frown. "No Adam, there is no other way. If you want to stop them from trying to kill each other, you have to override their anger with something else, as Spirits of Desire we have but one weapon. Besides, this is a perfect opportunity to start your training."

	Adam flinched and spun to face Mrellia. "Begin my training? Mrellia, they are human beings not lab animals to experiment with..." He started to say.

	"...Yes, they are human beings, but they are who we work and train with. We cannot work or learn with anything else, the sooner you get used to that the better. The sooner you learn this and except it the happier you will be and the easier your training will be."

	Adam frowned and shook his head as he again faced Jan and Ginger. "What do I need to do?"

	"Well, let's start with your aura; let's practice with your control. Focus your aura on them and not on others..." Mrellia started.

	"Wait, how can you teach me to exclude others?" Adam asked. "Until recently you did not even know it could be done."

	Mrellia patted Adam on the head "I watched you as you manipulated your aura, at first I was surprised, but I thought about what you did and well I have ideas, that and I have others helping me with your training."

	"Others?"

	"Yes others, who have an interest in ensuring that we succeed. Not to worry it is standard procedure during training for others to mentally assist the Spirit doing the training, especially when it's their first time training another. Many of the senior Spirits of Desire will be watching and offering suggestions and advice."

	Adam frowned "Great I am going to have half the universe watching me have sex with a minor and her mother."

	"Adam, it is only the laws of your land that says Ginger is too young for sex, In the course of my duties I have done a lot more with younger, now enough stalling and more training."

	Adam stuck his tongue out at Mrellia and then turned his attention to Ginger and Jan. He looked at the two women and with Mrellia's guidance began to concentrate on his aura. Slowly the tendrils that extended to Ginger and Jan began to widen and expand, as he did so he tried his best to think of no one but Ginger and Jan, but unfortunately thoughts of Mrellia, Miranda and Illisis kept creeping into his mind. His concentration was disrupted by Mrellia's voice. "Adam, concentrate on them, your aura keeps expanding towards me and little bits go flying elsewhere!"

	"Crap!" Adam exclaimed as his concentration faltered and collapsed. Adam quickly suppressed his aura and then glared at Mrellia. She simply shook her head and made shushing noises at him as she waved a dismissive gesture his way with her hand "Back to work, back to work and try harder this time."

	After several more attempts Adam finally had gained enough control over his aura that Mrellia felt it was safe to allow time to flow normally for them. As she released her concentration and allowed the two to slip into the normal time stream, Ginger and Jan suddenly leapt from where they had been placed and charged each other. As the two females came within steps of each other Adam opened his aura as much as he could towards the two of them. The effect was felt by the two almost instantly. They stopped charging towards each other and with a loud moan collapsed to the ground. The backlash of his aura hit Adam like a wall of stone. His cock had grown hard so fast that it actually hurt. All thoughts of control fled his mind as his body was filled with lust and desire.

	Ginger and Jan pulled themselves into a sitting position and turned towards Adam. "Oh my god, Adam I am so sorry," Jan gasped between breaths. "and I am so fucking horny, please fuck me."

	Ginger crawled across the carpet on all fours like a cat after its prey, a look of hunger in her eyes. Without a word she crawled up to Adam and in one motion pulled his pants and shorts to his ankles. She gave an audible gasp as his engorged cock sprang into view, and quickly licked up and down the shaft. Adam ran his fingers through the young teen's hair as she lovingly licked his shaft and began to suck on his balls.

	Not to be outdone by her daughter, Jan sprang from the floor, wrapped her arms around Adam and tackled him to the floor. She covered his face in kisses and then pressed her lips to his, her tongue darting from her mouth seeking entrance into his. Adam returned her kiss with equal enthusiasm as Ginger took his cock into her mouth and sucked it down her throat.

	...

	Mrellia sat back and watched the threesome as they enjoyed each others' bodies. She sat and fed off the passion and desire they were releasing. It was a feast like no other she had tasted; it was sweet with passion, love, and taboo. As she lay her head back against the wall and sank to the floor. she felt the presence of the others suddenly vanish. A new presence took their place. Three much more powerful presences. "Mrellia, get a hold of yourself, now is not the time to lose yourself," a sharp voice retorted in her mind.

	Mrellia's eyes sprang open as she sat up. "Lachesis!" She exclaimed as she sprang up from the wall.

	"Quiet yourself, child, or you will disturb the lovers,"  Clotho stated in a husky voice. "Yes we are here. We have taken over the job of assisting you in the training of The Fateless. It is too important of a task to leave to the others, but that is not the only reason we are here. Look at them, something amazing is about to happen."

	Mrellia looked towards the three, Ginger still had her lips wrapped around Adams cock sucking it into her mouth and down her throat, Jan had pulled her panties off and was resting on her knees as Adam licked and sucked at her mons and clit. Her shawl was pulled up revealing her breasts as she played with her nipples. Adam stopped licking Jan's cunt and looked up at her and winked. "Ginger move around so your mother can get to your pussy and ass. Jan you turn around so you're facing Ginger," he directed.

	Ginger pulled her mouth off of Adam's cock and looked at him for a second, and then she shrugged her shoulders and did as he asked her. When Jan turned around to face Ginger, Adam pushed on her back so that she leaned towards her daughter, thereby giving him a better angle to get at her pussy and ass. "Now, my love, finger Ginger as she sucks me and I eat you."

	Mrellia looked on in surprise as Ginger went back to Sucking Adam's cock and Jan slid her finger into her daughter's virgin cunt, being careful so as not to break her hymen. Ginger let out slight moans of pleasure as her mother finger fucked her. Once her finger was sufficiently lubricated with Ginger's juices, Jan pulled it out of Ginger's pussy and slid it slowly into Ginger's ass. Ginger pulled her mouth from Adams cock once more and let out a primal groan of pleasure. "Yes Momma, Finger my ass, oh my God that feels so good."

	Mrellia started to finger herself at the sight of Jan finger fucking her own thirteen year old daughter's ass. "Mrellia" Clotho whispered "Stop watching them and watch what he is doing with his aura."

	Mrellia pulled her attention from the erotic sight in front of her and shifted her vision so she could read Adam's aura. At first she did not see anything unusual until she stared closer at the aura, there were streaks of red and purple traveling down the aura from Adam to Jan and Ginger. Mrellia stood up and approached the trio, staring down at the aura closer, she was able to study the streaks of energy. She shook her head unsure of what she was seeing. "I don't understand, what is it?" She asked.

	"He is controlling them through the aura. He is not doing it consciously, but somehow he is using the link of the aura to suppress their own subconscious thoughts and replace them with his own thoughts and desires. This needs to be investigated more. We will assist you in this new training. Now watch them and let them finish."

	The three continued to moan in pleasure as they sucked, licked, and fingered each other into multiple orgasms. Eventually Adam felt the familiar tightening in his balls that signaled that he was about to release. Without warning Adam came in Ginger's mouth. The young teen tried her best to swallow all of his seed, but some leaked out of her mouth onto Adam's crotch. Jan stopped fingering Ginger's ass as Adam ejaculated into her daughter's mouth and the three collapsed into an exhausted heap.

	Jan lifted her head from Adams stomach and stared into her daughters soaking crotch. "My god, Adam, what the hell just happened?"

	Adam gently disengaged himself from the two and gave them a guilty look. "I had no choice, I swear. The two of you were being influenced by someone else, the only way I could help you was to give you everything I had."

	Ginger rolled over onto her back and lifted herself onto her elbows, she looked at Adam and then to her mom. "Wow, that was incredible, I have never felt anything like it before," she stated, completely exhausted.

	"And you never will again unless Adam is involved. Only by having sex with a spirit of desire can you feel pleasures of that magnitude. A normal human will pale in comparison to Adam." Mrellia stated as she stepped up to the three.

	Jan pulled her shawl down over her breasts and picked up her panties. "What did you do to us Adam? One moment I wanted to kill Ginger the next all I could think about was getting your cock inside of me."

	Adam sat up and grabbed his own underwear. "I used my aura of desire on you. You two were under the effect of what is called a rage curse. The only way I could stop it was to override it with a stronger emotion. The only emotion I have control over at this time is desire, so I hit you with the most powerful aura of desire I could."

	Ginger sat up "I could not stop myself I needed you, I had to have your cock in me. The only thing I could think of was to suck it like I did before. God, Adam, your cock tastes so good, I cannot get enough of it." As she finished what she was saying she looked at her mother in fear. "Mom, I am so sorry, I should not have said..."

	Jan smiled at Ginger and gave her a dismissive gesture. "Honey, it's ok, after everything we just went through I think the language is appropriate, just please try and watch it in the future. Adam might be doing his best to turn us into sex starved sluts, but you definitely should not get used to talking like one."

	"I am not...!!"

	"I know you aren't, Adam, I am just giving you a HARD time," Jan interrupted with a wicked grin. "I do have one question though, if you filled us with so much lust, how come all we did was have oral sex? When whatever it was first hit me I thought for sure I was finally going to get to ride that wonderful cock of yours."

	"I did not want your first times with me to be like that. If we are going to have sex, and I have a feeling no matter what I say that at some point in the near future we are, I want it to be because you want to and not because I forced you."

	Mrellia looked at Adam with a newfound respect. It was a side of humans she never thought she would see, especially in today's day and age.

	Ginger and Jan both looked ad each other and then at Adam. "Awww, that is so sweet." They both replied.

	Jan walked up and gave Adam a hug and kissed him on the cheek. "But that still does not explain one thing."

	"What is that?"

	"Well I understand that you did not want to have sex with me, but I definitely wanted nothing but to fuck you. It was all I could think about, how much I wanted to fuck you. When I first tackled you all I wanted to do was rip your clothes off and ride you until you came inside of me. I needed it so badly I would have forced you if I had to. Yet...?"

	"I think I can explain that." Mrellia replied. "I noticed that during the whole thing Adam was somehow sending his thoughts and desires into you two through the aura. Adam, this is something new. No spirit of desire has ever done this. It has to be something with you being a Fateless as well. Since he did not want to fuck you, then you did not want to fuck him and the orgasms you received were able to sate your needs."

	Adam turned to stare at Mrellia as he finished pulling on his pants. "Sending my thoughts and desires, you mean I was controlling them?"

	Mrellia walked up to Adam and started rubbing his shoulders. "Not yet you weren't, just influencing them. For real control you will need to practice it. Right now you just send your thoughts and desires into their subconscious and they take them as their own. However, since they are not conscious thoughts they don't necessarily have to act on them. With practice you might be able to influence people on a conscious level."

	"I don't want to influence people on a conscious level. I don't want to influence people at all." Adam replied, pulling himself away from Mrellia. "Don't you get it, forcing my will on others is wrong."

	Mrellia frowned at Adam. She grabbed his arm and spun him around to face her. "And I can see that you don't get it yet either. Forcing people to do things against their will is part of who you are. Spirits of Fate, ALL Spirits of Fate, force people to do things against their will. Some are more subtle about it, but it is our job. The fates send us out when people are not following the path they need to."

	Adam looked as if he was about to interrupt Mrellia but before he could say anything she continued her tirade. "You swore you would do as I required in order for me to train you, and I am requiring that you train in this new ability. Besides, you have been forcing Miranda, Illisis, and I to do things against our will since you were given the abilities of a Fateless," She growled.

	Adam stared at Mrellia for a few seconds as if he was about to say something, and then hung his head. "You're right, I have been. I am sorry."

	"Gahh" Mrellia grunted in frustration "Don't be sorry. It is your right, you are a Fateless, and you are allowed to do what you wish, to anyone, anywhere, at anytime. The Fates themselves have decreed it so. No one, not even the greater powers, can override the Fates once they make a ruling. All beings, great and small, answer to the Fates. All beings that is, except for you."

	"Mrellia, you need to understand, I am not trying to be difficult, but for the last 24 plus years I have been taught and told that forcing people to do things against their will is wrong. It goes against everything I believe. Yes I have done some things to you and the others, things I am not proud of, and I will make no excuses for those actions. But if I am given a choice I will chose to not force people to do things. It will take time for me to change this way of thinking and personally I hope I never do. I do not want to become a tyrannical person who forces his desires on others."

	Mrellia simply shook her head. "Well you had better start trying, for both of our sakes, because this resistance is one thing that will cause you to fail in your training. Your final test will be given to you by the Fates themselves. They will be watching you and your final test will be a test of what they think are your biggest weaknesses, the things they think will cause you to be a liability," Mrellia stated as she turned to Ginger and Jan. "We need to get the two of you home. Illisis and Miranda will meet us their. The Fates will ensure you are not attacked again. As long as he is in training, you and everyone else that is close to Adam will be guarded by a Spirit of Fate."

	"Wait, my family is in danger?"

	"Not anymore, whoever it was that attacked Ginger and Jan, made a mistake. By attacking you while you are in training, they forced the Fates' hand. You need to have no distractions during your training. The only way the Fates can ensure that is by declaring anyone close to you off limits. As I said, no one can go against the Fates once they make a decision. It is their right, they are charged with controlling the universal balance. Anyone who goes against them risks their ire and that could be painful and deadly," Mrellia replied with a grin.

	As Mrellia finished her last statement Illisis and Miranda appeared in Adam's room. Illisis immediately embraced Adam, kissing him passionately. "Hello, my love, we have been sent to get Jan and Ginger. Don't worry, we will keep them safe. Go train and come back to me."

	Adam stood staring at Illisis in shock as she and Miranda stepped up to Ginger and Jan. "Your fate is mine, Adam Hinter, don't go getting yourself killed on me," Miranda said with a wink as she and Illisis vanished from the room with Ginger and Jan.

	Mrellia wrapped her arms around Adam from behind and kissed his neck. "Now, my love, let's start your training. This is going to be so much fun. Just think of all the sex you're going to have in the next few weeks.

https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus

This story is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
