For nearly an entire minute, he cannot breathe as he allows himself a painfully glorious moment to think of a future broad enough and bright enough and brave enough to accommodate such a thought. Children... Bairns... He has never... Never...! 

He forces himself to calm down, to take a deep breath. He stands and wobbles over on half-numb legs and stiff, old knees to where his wife is seated and collapses next to her. 

“Alice,” he says, watching as his hand makes its way to hers. Damn the distance they ought to maintain! He will agree to whatever she desires! 

He manages to force his aching lungs to fill with air when she does not refuse his touch. Just one touch and he feels the ache – the bubble of pain – in his chest ease a bit. Just enough for him to think, to speak: 

“Ye mun understand... I ne’er expected... afteh tha Bluddy Behg Hid... afteh mae clan... I ne’er expected mae heart ta b’mended. I ne’er hoped I’d feel love... like this. An’ I ne’er dreamed tha’ there woul’ be a lass who woul’ have mae, mad wi’ grief and fury as I was... am, sometimes. Bu’ e’en afore aur Courtship, ye showed me hauw ta love, an’ ye accepted mae madness... Ye’ve taken away tha alone-ness...” 

That, in and of itself, is a miracle he will never be able to properly reciprocate. 

“ ’ Tis sae much ye ’ ve alrea ’ y given mae. I woul ’ nae ask fer more. Nae,” he muses, shaking his head, “whot can I gi ’ ye , Alice? Whot d ’ ye want?” 

“I want you! And that’s the problem!” she replies on a rather aggressively sobbed laugh. 

“How...” he murmurs, fear clutching its greedy hands around his throat. “How is that the problem?” 

She lifts her hands, as if to run her dirty fingers through her hair and Tarrant lurches forward, gathers her wrists in his grip so that she does not foul herself. (She had seemed very disturbed indeed when she’d caught humming bird droppings in her hair. How upset will she be when she realizes this dirt contains a fair amount of tove refuse? And that she had smeared it all over her hair?) There’s a moment where he thinks she might actually wrestle her hands from his, but then she slumps down again, her hands dropping limply to her lap. 

“How can that not be a problem? I may not know much about intimacy, but I know that’s how babies are made!” 

Tarrant stares at her, utterly at a loss for words. Utterly and completely at a loss for words. “Gah...” he coughs. “Whewl...” he wheezes. “Nerj...” he hisses. 

And then he giggles, snorts, guffaws and laughs. 

“Tarrant! What could be funny about this?” 

“You...” He sniggers. “Think that...” A bark of mirth. “Bairns come from...” A hiccup. “From... that? ” 

Her jaw drops open and, after a moment – during which he determines she is too busy staring at him to notice the fact that her mouth is hanging open – he raises a hand and gently pushes it shut. 

“You... That...” She shakes her head, thinks some Thought that Tarrant wishes he could hear clearly , and – with narrowed eyes – says, “That’s how it’s done Above. Not... here?” 

“No, Alice. Bairns come from holding onto the one you lo—have chosen, clasped hands will suffice, and Wishing on a Star.” 

Her nose twitches. Her brows arc. She is Skeptical. “Are you... sure?” 

“Well! I’ve never done it myself, obviously!” Indeed! His children are hypothetical! Had he not just explained that? 

“What I mean is,” she rallies, “doesn’t that sound like the sort of thing parents tell their children because they think they’re too young to... accept the facts of life?” 

Tarrant giggles. “Alice, when I was a wee lad, my father told me that bairns come from the very act we are abstaining from at the present time. He told me that so I would be properly horrified and wouldn’t get any ridiculous notions about becoming a father before I’d grown into my clan colors!” 

Alice blinks at him once, twice, and then she snorts. Tarrant snorts back in reply and then they are giggling in perfectly mad counterpoint in the not-yet garden. Alice laughs so hard she has to grasp his arms to steady herself, despite the fact that she is still seated quite safely on the ground. Tarrant leans his forehead against the crown of her head and, as his humor exhausts itself, he sighs out the dregs. 

“Tarrant?” his wife asks after a long, peaceful moment. “Were you horrified by the thought of... being with a woman like that?” 

“As a wee lad. Oh, aye!” he’s not ashamed to admit. And he can only imagine the perpetual embarrassment of the people Above: imagine knowing that your parents had been completely unclothed and rutting against each other when you’d been conceived! What a perfectly vile mental picture to curse a child with! 

Alice leans a bit further in toward him and murmurs, “And now? Do you still find it vile?” 

He lifts his lips to kiss her slightly sweaty temple. Somewhere in all of this her hat had tumbled off of her head. He blames it on Laughter (which is usually a good sport about taking the blame for minor mishaps). “No, Alice. I don’t find it vile. Not any longer. Not with you.” 

“And... being a father? Do you want that as well?” 

He takes a deep breath, attempts to order his thoughts and form an opinion where none had existed only minutes ago. “I don’t know,” he admits. “I want to be your husband. I want to be your – part of your happiness.” Yes, he mustn’t assume that he will be the only source of Joy in Alice’s life! She may choose a trade, make friends of her own, go on marvelous adventures... of course, he hopes she’ll invite him to go along with her on those, but... “Is that enough?” he asks anxiously. 

“Yes,” she assures him with a nod and a happy sigh. “It’s enough.”